tr	NNS	Money would replace the drugs in the bags , once the receivers on the U.S. side of the border were reached .
tr	NNS	They both let out relieved breaths at the doctor 's words .
tr	NN	I saw the ramp leading back toward the surface .
tr	NN	Alec slid farther over the ledge , his h * ps the only anchor keeping them from free-falling four stories to the ground .
tr	NN	" Off the grid .
tr	NN	He looked out the peephole and saw it was Bolster and DeVries .
tr	NN	He signaled the bartender and ordered one more drink .
tr	NNS	" Eat just a few bites . "
tr	NNS	The Afghans had suffered heavy losses .
tr	NNS	He mirrored her movements exactly , and the fight began .
tr	NNS	I didn 't have goggles and I just couldn 't do anything .
tr	NN	I had the impression he shared things completely with you two . "
tr	NNS	Maybe he meant dates and times and paranormal descriptions .
tr	NN	Sir , I take responsibility for my actions .
tr	NN	What the hel is he doing ?
tr	NN	Peter set down his fork .
tr	NNS	Basically he likes bats , the dark , and sleeping , although not necessarily in that order .
tr	NN	Practically purring with contentment , she rubbed her slightly bulging belly .
tr	NN	I enjoy my whisky and this makes me connect to this world well .
tr	NN	Chopper blades stirred a cloudy void waiting to swallow him , and his partner as well .
tr	NNS	" Oh gods . "
tr	NN	Patient and tender , he stroked her spine , soothing her , as his c * ck stretched swollen tissues unaccustomed to such constant use .
tr	NN	With a disdainful glance at the crowd , it spat a wad of cabbage juice on the wreckage .
tr	NNS	Dr. Post Serenity turned and started leading everyone East , ' There aren 't many places I haven 't been Doctor . '
tr	NN	Grab your handbag and let 's go . "
tr	NNS	I could feel their stares like hot rays penetrating into me .
tr	NNS	Joe rubbed his temples for a moment .
tr	NNS	She was grabbing her slippers and robe but she heard him pat the bed .
tr	NN	She slips off her tall black boot and secures the bandage onto a blistered heal .
tr	NN	If any girl there is ever going to give you the time of day , you 'd better work up some major charisma .
tr	NNS	Kids didn 't have huge backpacks when I was their age .
tr	NN	Probably just wants privacy . "
tr	NNS	Smooth paving stone covered the floors .
tr	NN	I picked up my backpack to let him know I wanted to leave .
tr	NN	It had a large playground designed for elementary ages with a separate section for toddlers , plus sandboxes , picnic tables , basketball courts and a pavilion .
tr	NN	" I mean , what the fuck is that accent about anyway ?
tr	NN	He could almost hear her chewing on her lip .
tr	NNS	He flexed his biceps , and I groaned .
tr	NNS	And she caused complications in his life he just didn 't need .
tr	NNS	I served beers on autopilot .
tr	NNS	He scanned the surroundings constantly .
tr	NNS	Not entirely , just turning down the stereo a bit so that he couldn 't hear the lyrics exactly right .
tr	NNS	He received the 200 points .
tr	NN	He picks up a magazine from a coffee table just outside the closet and checks the cover .
tr	NN	Can I make an appointment to meet with you and the Master Banker ?
tr	NNS	She was meticulously comparing calorie counts on the various salad dressing bottles , and putting the rejected ones back in all the wrong places .
tr	NNS	His skates added several inches to his already tall muscular frame .
tr	NN	The big man made a vague gesture .
tr	NNS	With a growl , I throw back the covers and stomp through the living room and into the kitchen .
tr	NN	" By the way have you noticed any new addition to your wardrobe since I came in ? "
tr	NN	" Pop the trunk and get out of the car with your hands in clear view . "
tr	NN	Billy had picked out a deer rifle , a fairly impressive looking Remington .
tr	NNS	Like most of America , she already knew the basics about Warren Sherbrooke .
tr	NN	I watched a butterfly , and a small bee , as each made the rounds of the flowers .
tr	NNS	He scrubbed his palms over his face , half in frustration , and half in an effort to force away the memories tormenting him .
tr	NN	The old woman could see my indecision .
tr	NN	We leave the transport marker here and come back whenever we are ready . "
tr	NNS	I made some extras just in case . "
tr	NNS	His eyes instantly betray his potent loneliness as he reacts to the question .
tr	NN	" Entirely lost the probe ? "
tr	NN	In fact , I received just the opposite impression : a sense of gloom and foreboding .
tr	NN	" I can definitely handle the extra responsibility and look forward to helping you with your clients . "
tr	NN	FIFTEEN The Dock Workers Union took Fergus ' advice .
tr	NNS	We 're constantly finding new mines , despite the fact that there aren 't any .
tr	NNS	Danny 's shot raised splinters inches from his head .
tr	NN	" Good , then I shall go ring Bessie and get dressed . "
tr	NN	This blight in his thinking damaged any possibility of forming a successful relationship in civilian life .
tr	NN	It has a knob on top and may have with numbers on it . "
tr	NN	Molly started up the staircase , and then froze , staring back down at Little Chicago .
tr	NN	He gave us a quick salute to his temple , and his wife nodded to us .
tr	NN	She hadn 't touched the slice of pizza on her plate or her can of soda .
tr	NN	He pinched her nipple and she kissed him back , sucking his bottom lip into her mouth with hunger .
tr	NN	" No , in Thai have only bad cop . "
tr	NN	She had seen her star take that shot a thousand times and was certain of the outcome .
tr	NNS	The firm voted eleven to two against him , and he 'd stewed for a month .
tr	NN	Quite clearly she didn 't want their new ' couple ' status announced in the paper any time soon , and Ben felt a little disappointed .
tr	NN	He replaced the velvet whip .
tr	NN	I got blue paint on the floor and on my jeans right away .
tr	NNS	As we walked on , the tunnel had other hallways that split off of it , but always to the right .
tr	NN	As she took it her smile made his heart flutter .
tr	NNS	I have three sisters . "
tr	NNS	I owned at least twenty different pairs of flip flops in every possible color which I usually wore during the day and with jeans and shorts .
tr	NNS	As her bulbous abdomen crossed through the fifteenth level 's central shaft , Noah snapped his jaws onto her rear right leg .
tr	NN	She bit back a groan .
tr	NNS	Instantly defensive , Alethea sat straighter , but bit back the first five responses that came to her .
tr	NN	Brennan aimed his pistol at her -- the beam of light pointed at her stomach .
tr	NNS	Susan flicked the remains of her cigarette out the window .
tr	NN	She picked up her handbag , grabbed the box with the candle and oil , and headed to her car .
tr	NNS	He was taking deep , deliberate breaths , trying to calm himself .
tr	NNS	" We have what 's in the spare body canisters now but that 's all . "
tr	NN	After he lost her , he saw joy and happiness in Sebastian 's thoughts because she dropped in .
tr	NNS	I like the females ... mostly . "
tr	NN	Without ever suspecting their real heritage , of course .
tr	NNS	Lisa fights back her fears and glares angrily at Gwendolyn .
tr	NN	Raj was blowing horn of his bike two to three times already .
tr	NN	" I felt the blast .
tr	NN	" Please cast your vote . "
tr	NNS	Asher ran Avery 's numbers , and once again , everything worked perfectly .
tr	NN	If he wasn 't careful , someone would slip a tag around his neck and auction him off .
tr	NN	Took a quarter from his pocket and put it in the meter .
tr	NN	Graham 's burning thirst , now that he wasn 't drinking Misty , had come roaring back , but for the moment , he didn 't care .
tr	NN	Its small flame barely lit the dark stairwell .
tr	NNS	A little sugar can do wonders when it 's sprinkled over a wounded pride .
tr	NN	If they persist in this try and get a location from the Scouts .
tr	NNS	Just a few miles farther up the mountain , Team Two had twin babies and there was a softly whispered rumor that another woman was pregnant .
tr	NN	" I didn 't shoot anybody . "
tr	NN	" Did you kill anybody ? "
tr	NN	Ten steps up we hit a landing and I navigate the turn with my hands sliding along the walls .
tr	NN	In the past , he 'd had great success with women like that .
tr	NN	I 've made an appointment for him with Dr. Shelby . "
tr	NNS	Each flight can take eight panels , each weighing exactly half a ton , plus added equipment ; twelve flights over four months . "
tr	NN	" But I shall enlarge her scale for Berenice .
tr	NNS	I embraced the numbness , allowing myself to revel in its freedom .
tr	NN	Though he definitely had no shortage of physical beauty .
tr	NN	She could feel his exhaustion .
tr	NN	" It makes my wings ache . "
tr	NNS	' You just want ladies T-shirts ? '
tr	NN	He didn 't allow his cold fury to cloud his thinking .
tr	NN	" It won 't set a precedent , Charlie .
tr	NNS	A car accident startled the birds , and they rose in their thousands , fluttering and twittering , before settling down again .
tr	NN	But if you let this car stop out here , we don 't have a prayer . "
tr	NN	You have that effect . "
tr	NN	I step over another gaping chasm and keep going until I see another gap in the hull to my left .
tr	NNS	He supports our efforts to find his killer and has not hanged anyone for it yet , though he thought about it .
tr	NN	When Susan stood at his door and called for him to hurry , he replied , " Have patience .
tr	NNS	They only saw bits and pieces of his plan when he would change guards .
tr	NNS	Just some bruised ribs . "
tr	NNS	This time I 'm calling the shots , Nate . "
tr	NN	I just didn 't really give a crap about keeping up with homework .
tr	NN	I have great respect for people who diligently watch what they eat and force themselves to eat lettuce .
tr	NN	They went up the staircase and down the long hall to her rooms .
tr	NN	Nina rubbed her left temple .
tr	NNS	This piece of rock only had two metals .
tr	NN	Looking to the stars , I find no new faith , just panic .
tr	NN	Who has the flute ? "
tr	NN	He , too , understood his duty in that hour .
tr	NN	Red represents my fighting fury .
tr	NNS	" Mille is wrapping your supplies in the quilt . "
tr	NNS	It took four beers to knock the edge off and loosen the tongue .
tr	NN	The men could see their opponent in the bidding war , but the girl couldn 't see them .
tr	NNS	I 've had orgasms of my own creation before , but never have I come with another person .
tr	NNS	Where the branches let go , they left welts or tiny puncture wounds .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , my parents only lived a couple blocks away , so I didn 't have to be with him for very long .
tr	NN	When I hit the ground I heard my ankle snap .
tr	NN	" They had a squad on her front door watching the place . "
tr	NN	I 've pictured Ashton with everyone else and it 's made me nauseous .
tr	NNS	I picked up the various skills I needed easily -- " " Such as administering punishment in a cool fashion ? "
tr	NN	" No ; I will leave the fish to you .
tr	NN	Maybe she 'd make up the proof .
tr	NNS	" Afternoon students ! "
tr	NN	" Apparently , I didn 't get the memo about wearing jeans to the party . "
tr	NN	Mark lifted the last tumbler with the pick and the knob turned with a slight grind .
tr	NNS	He took my armies , in chains I know not where .
tr	NNS	I take some deep breaths .
tr	NNS	The songs that she performed contained continually racier lyrics .
tr	NN	And she was wielding an aluminum baseball bat .
tr	NNS	" I will follow his tracks to their finish as sure as the sun will rise tomorrow .
tr	NN	No one could experience this much joy without it eventually pushing away bad memories .
tr	NN	I can smell your carnal sin , Layla . "
tr	NN	Electronic screens , multi-colored toggle switches , and buttons with tiny labels covered the dashboard and overhead panels .
tr	NN	Rita had made a deep impression on him .
tr	NNS	" I 'll throw the cans in the back of the truck .
tr	NNS	She placed the stewed apples in the middle of the table , then sat down beside Jamie .
tr	NNS	You shouldn 't be cooking my meals or doing my windows - " " Why not ?
tr	NN	Again , he took the cap off with his teeth .
tr	NN	Meanwhile , Alexia aimed her parasol at the approaching rail cabin .
tr	NN	Malcolm felt a tiny pang of regret .
tr	NNS	He flicks the air bubbles out and goes over to where Royal sits .
tr	NN	Each passing moment felt like the drawing of a noose , each probing question the tightening of the rope about his neck .
tr	NNS	During his taxing world tour , as he 'd fought for his goals on all fronts , amidst Tareq 's escalating efforts to discredit him .
tr	NNS	CHAPTER TWO Nike paced the confines of her cell .
tr	NN	Mako unwrapped the torn T-shirt rag from around two fingers .
tr	NNS	That he was letting them experience this phase of their relationship , enjoy its wonders .
tr	NN	He pulled out a notepad .
tr	NN	Becky handed her the bouquet of red roses .
tr	NN	With this she wove a soft mat and help move Arun onto it .
tr	NNS	He wanted the connections and the lifestyle that he thought I could bring him .
tr	NNS	I heard his breaths getting shorter .
tr	NN	I have identified three dozen who have great potential . "
tr	NNS	I have said the word miraculous before , and I should only say it again . "
tr	NNS	I heard noises ... " " No , " he pleaded with an outstretched hand .
tr	NN	" It can mark this reunion with Quin . "
tr	NNS	" Then you will have fulfilled the conditions of the codicil and after the ceremony , Beaumont Shipping will belong to you again . "
tr	NN	Or with a new rune ; you could create a rune - " Clary 's mouth was dry .
tr	NNS	I drop the illusions I 've been holding .
tr	NN	He muffled a groan , turned and forced a smile .
tr	NN	I 've respected her privacy regarding that letter , but now I think it 's best if I read it . "
tr	NN	I 'll take the next feeding and what time does Kayla need her medication ? "
tr	NN	I bit back a groan .
tr	NNS	The idea of kissing and tasting him so intimately tightened areas of her body that didn 't bear mentioning .
tr	NNS	" To an extent I have obligations .
tr	NN	" Laurent , the drug dealer did not murder Elise .
tr	NN	I found my charger , plugged it into a wall socket , and plodded back over to Darby 's bed .
tr	NNS	We study all sorts of things as far as their genetic relationships are concerned .
tr	NNS	" Why - how - " I fanned out my cards and laid them on my lap .
tr	NNS	Together , we 'll breed sons and daughters who will make us proud and carry on our blood line .
tr	NN	Besides , I get the impression you 're going to need to yell at me some more . "
tr	NN	He quickly jabs a needle into it and sucks out the purple liquid .
tr	NN	Clouds like bruises fill in the periphery , and a brilliant band of striated tissue leaks a puddle of blood onto the senior lawn at West Paragon .
tr	NNS	Responsible men like Blake used condoms their entire adult lives and managed to avoid the title of Daddy .
tr	NN	He whistled cheerfully , an unfamiliar tune , swinging his arms and moving easily through the rough undergrowth .
tr	NN	I slid my pencil under the clasp on the clipboard and thought about money and insurance ... and tax write-offs .
tr	NNS	" Soldier provisions mostly .
tr	NN	And Leander Jack felt the ground shudder as the weight of something enormous approached .
tr	NNS	I 've watched your houses bleed for the accompaniment of a fresh vision -- that your children follow me could only spread the good news I find .
tr	NNS	Uniforms gathered three descriptions .
tr	NNS	He 's removed our defenses - and that was probably all he could do at one go .
tr	NN	He put down his fork on his empty plate and gave me the look .
tr	NNS	You have no ties or affiliations with what lies there now .
tr	NN	Finding nothing , she shut the drawer and leaned against it .
tr	NN	The three men have come down the hill .
tr	NN	He shuddered , the urge to take her in his arms and taste her mouth again , overwhelming .
tr	NNS	She had created several sites for me which were stunning in their beauty .
tr	NN	We opened drawer after drawer .
tr	NNS	I put my palms on the edge of the table and lean forward locking my elbows .
tr	NN	" I wouldn 't do a second review if you offered me a million dollars .
tr	NN	" We 're saving you a fortune . "
tr	NNS	No twiddling your thumbs in there .
tr	NNS	" Five dollars ? "
tr	NNS	From the reports in the newspaper , the allies had suffered devastating losses at a place called Ulm .
tr	NN	" Well , thank goodness for that .
tr	NN	She gave a helpless shrug .
tr	NN	He couldn 't take any credit for Tara 's intelligence .
tr	NNS	You faced your fears and took a chance and now you 're free .
tr	NN	I lift the crossbow from the strap on his back .
tr	NN	Another couple has rented this bungalow , and I believe they 're scheduled to arrive in just under five hours . "
tr	NN	Amy crossed the threshold , shut the door and immediately regretting doing so .
tr	NN	Very few carriers of legal malpractice would touch a mass tort lawyer .
tr	NNS	I check my pockets , but I can 't find it .
tr	NNS	The crowd makes kissy noises as I wrench open the door and march inside with Emerson on my heels .
tr	NNS	She didn 't dare face Geoffrey in her current scathing mood .
tr	NNS	Garrett handed the reins back to her , his hand brushing hers as she took them .
tr	NNS	They found snakes and horned toads and tarantulas , but they didn 't find Peck and they didn 't find Lily .
tr	NN	Georgie could feel his heart hammering in his chest .
tr	NN	For the rest of his life he would be pumping his seed deep into her body .
tr	NNS	Delilah and Anna quickly showed their skills the next day while hunting .
tr	NNS	I recognize these shortcomings and now try to refrain from hogging the conversation .
tr	NNS	He kept his suspicions about her father 's business to himself , not wanting to concern Tabitha if her father had it under control .
tr	NNS	She might be honing her skills , but his years of experience and natural talent gave him an edge .
tr	NN	I took some small solace in the fact that we hadn 't gone that far .
tr	NN	He 'd had the misfortune of getting me as a partner because we were both new in class .
tr	NN	Charlie pulled the jeep off the road and parked .
tr	NN	She counted out the tests row by row , and we passed them backward as usual .
tr	NNS	I have other horse families that need my attention .
tr	NNS	Just when Roberta was getting ready to restart the sequence the little patch glimmered lavender and deep purple in a graceful rhythm .
tr	NN	My heavy head had barely hit my pillow before my alarm went off , letting me know I needed to get up .
tr	NNS	" I pretty much caused Jeremy 's atoms to fly away .
tr	NNS	She picked up two ribbons and braided them through the wood .
tr	NNS	In the beginning she 'd made excuses for Shaw .
tr	NN	" Oh my god , Britt .
tr	NNS	The wizards had placed the crowns of gold and silver on each head .
tr	NNS	I pulled the drapes and straightened up , fluffing up the pillows on the couch , and setting an extra blanket on Mom 's lap .
tr	NNS	Some parts of the city had large chunks of incomplete elvish architecture , but in many parts only the foundations of the grand , ancient buildings remained .
tr	NN	I then put the cloth over my face and I lied there silently .
tr	NNS	" Has the reward you posted for information on the shooting turned up any leads ? "
tr	NN	It had lent a slight ferocity to his face , as well as many soft and ever-shifting shadows .
tr	NN	Resist the urge ; fight it with every fiber of your soul .
tr	NN	" Thank you , uncle . "
tr	NNS	One moment he would be putting up arguments against you , the next he would just totally capitulate to end the discussion and head out .
tr	NNS	Were you identical twins ? "
tr	NNS	She has three sisters , one of whom is getting married in a matter of months .
tr	NNS	Remembering how French bar staff always left some coins in the plate Raphael relived his pockets of change .
tr	NNS	You can rip away lands and subdue them .
tr	NNS	The sculpture , at least , boasted three dimensions .
tr	NN	she muttered , her ' legendary ' patience already beginning to wear thin .
tr	NN	They showed my people the same cruelty that my father had so often shown them . "
tr	NNS	He laughs and lifts his wineglass .
tr	NNS	Puck , his shirt now a tattered mess , sheathed his daggers and glanced around with a satisfied smirk .
tr	NN	The blades struck the warlock in his throat , heart and eyes , killing him instantly .
tr	NNS	Gary wiped his palms on his jeans .
tr	NN	Take a lesson , girls : That 's how you communicate with someone you haven 't seen in ten years .
tr	NN	But for now , he had another goal .
tr	NNS	He swept the tracks away with the broom , pausing several minutes to admire them before he started .
tr	NNS	They picked up their cans of soda and left the cabin .
tr	NN	He pulled the pillow away from my face .
tr	NN	She said a quick , silent prayer for her usual patience to return .
tr	NNS	Nightingale couldn 't see any ducks about .
tr	NNS	Angry parents would bombard the Darkside offices with phone calls , saying that the people sending those messages , were not even their sons or daughters .
tr	NNS	Rock measured the dimensions and at this point he could squeeze through the opening .
tr	NNS	Do they ever mention hula hoops ?
tr	NNS	She needed fuel , herbs , sutures , various supplies , and , most of all , blood .
tr	NNS	He had other issues on his mind , especially the pressure that came from all sides regarding his marital status .
tr	NNS	We can argue the ethics of historical events and the motives that drove them for years .
tr	NNS	But they have very nice facilities at these asylums .
tr	NNS	She 'd just finished hammering the nail through the rubber , could hear the hiss of escaping air , when her cell phone rang .
tr	NNS	" Broiled fish and steamed vegetables .
tr	NN	She put itching powder in my work-out shorts .
tr	NN	Painter didn 't watch the video .
tr	NN	He also notices the reindeer ... How could he not ?
tr	NN	He had just escaped an inevitable punishment for no good reason .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't usually permit interviews , but she 's made an exception today .
tr	NNS	" You don 't tell lies at all , do you ? "
tr	NN	One point offered some solace ; they could easily disappear in all the traffic .
tr	NN	I have a duty to my family , Riordan , just as you have one to your people .
tr	NNS	They are taking random soil samples .
tr	NN	Abbey gave him a mock salute .
tr	NN	" Want my advice ? "
tr	NN	If I book I can make my Chem lab . "
tr	NNS	When the jar and the tubs were fingerprinted they had no fingerprints but Simon Hunter 's on them .
tr	NN	Bands repay the advance from future record sales .
tr	NNS	I 'd gotten tentative texts from my friends but no one wanted to bring the subject up .
tr	NNS	Tommy Hilfiger cologne assaulted her senses and weakened her knees .
tr	NNS	You still have unresolved issues surrounding your brother 's death .
tr	NN	The grass closest to the house was actually licking the paint off !
tr	NNS	When it was done I had eight recorded tapes .
tr	NNS	Jones consulted his compass for a moment .
tr	NN	At first , I just attempted general counting in my head , but that grew tedious .
tr	NNS	I honestly couldn 't believe my eyes , these rings truly possessed magical powers .
tr	NN	In them I felt a range of emotions , a warning , an appeal .
tr	NN	Why didn 't he tell anybody ? "
tr	NNS	Zach took the plates and rinsed them in the lake , then set them in the sun to dry .
tr	NN	" Did you order the pizza yet ? "
tr	NNS	Savannah had classes in the morning and usually finished up a little after lunch .
tr	NN	Katie put down her bagel and wiped her fingers on a paper napkin as intimacy flew right out the window .
tr	NN	She wore a white nightgown and a long blue robe that she 'd belted snugly around the waist .
tr	NNS	Don 't miss the next two novels , PERFECT TIMING , with Celeste and Alex , and ANOTHER TIME , Alisha and David 's story .
tr	NN	The huge , silver-haired man put a great ram 's horn to his mouth and released a single long note .
tr	NNS	She rather liked the islands .
tr	NNS	His clothes had many scratches and holes in them .
tr	NNS	I heard the hiss , smelled flesh burning , even as he howled and spun away .
tr	NNS	I could feel the dynamics in the room shifting .
tr	NNS	I 'd rather calculate numbers in a living dimension . "
tr	NN	I 've never explored the possibility because I 've never thought of him that way .
tr	NN	He had every proof for it .
tr	NNS	Benson had gotten pre-op medications half an hour earlier .
tr	NNS	Maybe if she relaxed , she 'd fool her captors into letting go .
tr	NNS	" How many trenches have you seen ? "
tr	NN	Gabriella has a reputation to uphold , also , so you 'll never be put in a bad position .
tr	NN	Once they did , she caught a glimpse of Ethan who had his arms wrapped around the magician 's waist .
tr	NN	You have a full balcony .
tr	NN	" Not much gets past Ashe .
tr	NNS	Even those most strenuously opposed to changes in the laws racked their brains in the hope that an escape clause would present itself .
tr	NNS	" God , I hate snakes .
tr	NNS	He pulls my thighs again and I let the euphoria of this moment take the lead .
tr	NNS	" Please seat yourselves .
tr	NNS	They held their breaths waiting for an answer .
tr	NNS	' Gets her priorities right .
tr	NN	I obeyed and resisted the urge to touch my cheek .
tr	NN	" I 've had my attorney draw up the sales contract . "
tr	NNS	He scanned the now well-lit surroundings in a hurry .
tr	NN	Iridium stomped the brake with one paw and hit the power switch with another .
tr	NNS	... he was licking the last bits of kibble out of his bowl and waiting for her quietly so she would take him with her ?
tr	NN	Then they noticed her reluctance to leave the farm .
tr	NNS	He rested his palms on his thighs .
tr	NN	Tank 2 has been slowly gaining oxygen .
tr	NN	" You can bet the national debt on that .
tr	NNS	I immediately pull the two dollars in change out of my pocket and run to the stage , smacking it down in front of the emcees feet .
tr	NN	Finished dressing , Romeo closed the closet .
tr	NN	" You are not showing any respect for the instructor in there ! "
tr	NNS	He took three deep breaths , slowing his heart rate and calming himself .
tr	NN	Lina could smell the rot .
tr	NN	Suddenly Toth felt a little unsteady .
tr	NN	Ivan allowed the cabin attendant to bring him a double Goose on ice which he swallowed in one draught .
tr	NNS	Mickey and I will work out the final elements . "
tr	NN	Maybe he might crowd her style and that she wanted to portray an image of a single woman to her audience .
tr	NN	All the guys start groaning and turn their head , except Cade of course .
tr	NNS	To this day , she refused all dates , fearing that she was simply cursed when it came to relationships .
tr	NNS	I can forgive your lies , your ... lack of loyalty .
tr	NNS	If Dad wanted to , he could be making fifteen or twenty mil ion bucks a year .
tr	NN	I was fighting the urge to interrogate him while I had my hand choking his neck .
tr	NNS	In fact , we just shared some beers . "
tr	NNS	" Do squirrels have fangs ? "
tr	NN	I run the spa , remember ? "
tr	NN	Kevin stifled a groan .
tr	NNS	Liz took the reins and winced .
tr	NN	It was small but not as compact as the others , it gave the impression of a crowded bedroom .
tr	NN	" Screw your proof .
tr	NN	I tossed away the hospital gown and slipped the white silk tank top over my head , pulling it in place .
tr	NN	Something they could draw a lesson from .
tr	NN	Sunshine formed a small O with her mouth as she understood .
tr	NN	You put duct tape over her mouth .
tr	NN	Once we finish our questions , we shall decide your fate and you will accept our rulings .
tr	NNS	We put our two cents on record with Thompson plainly .
tr	NNS	She 'd made some excellent points .
tr	NN	She took out a pen and dipped it into red ink and drew the most direct way to the North Tower .
tr	NN	" You 're wearing a baseball cap .
tr	NN	He held the vial in his hands and pulled me toward him so intently .
tr	NNS	So is seeing auras .
tr	NNS	He took rescue missions .
tr	NN	She still needed an assistant .
tr	NNS	We have two bits of evidence about the Somebody .
tr	NNS	Once there , he abandoned any attempts at decorum .
tr	NN	Royal inspectors examined all cargo entering the city , to extract import duties on the relevant goods .
tr	NNS	We don 't get many chances to meet the wives . "
tr	NN	She checked the clock .
tr	NNS	We may check as many as three targets in a day .
tr	NNS	Yet a bizarre menace straight out of a science-fiction movie drew eyeballs .
tr	NNS	Sadie and Dorian both had little button noses and very prominent jaw lines .
tr	NNS	He 'd even had nightmares about it .
tr	NN	But I 'll take whatever epiphany you have if it means you 'll never run away again . "
tr	NNS	Reminiscent of the old Greek Olympian court , the Council had twelve ruling figures , and , out of those twelve , two were Ministers .
tr	NN	I rubbed a strand of her dark brown hair between my fingers and then leaned close .
tr	NNS	He didn 't have any balls . "
tr	NN	He likes military crap . "
tr	NN	I turned off the highway , skidding on gravel .
tr	NN	The cold air smelled dank with algae and mold .
tr	NN	" But you probably did yourself a favor by leaving .
tr	NN	Certainly he couldn 't make the waters tower upon itself like he 'd seen in a movie about Moses .
tr	NN	" She 's rushing greatness . "
tr	NN	All birds , on joining the Bird Seekers Colony , wore a white feather in reverence of their leader and spiritual guide , White Eagle .
tr	NN	Some of the rooms had lab equipment and chemicals and one room had an incinerator that Susan claimed was used for cremation of animal remains .
tr	NNS	He had underestimated the defenses of the shop .
tr	NNS	He handed Jason the reins , nodded for Rachel to retrieve the white horse , and went to retrieve the roan .
tr	NN	She heard the echo of dark laughter as she narrowly escaped with her life .
tr	NN	Some vitamin D therapy might improve my attitude , too .
tr	NN	The drug had lost its effect .
tr	NNS	' I 've been hearing disturbing reports , Hil .
tr	NNS	After minutes of ultimate humiliation , I hovered inches from the ground , close enough to kiss the dirty cement .
tr	NNS	Like I said , he doesn 't like pets , so he gave me a rock .
tr	NNS	As I turned to run out the back door , however , I noticed her indoor sandals lying by the back door .
tr	NNS	He held out his palms to catch a few drops .
tr	NNS	But you should not have placed yourselves at such risk .
tr	NNS	" The two of you have worked wonders this day ; the least I can do is feed you .
tr	NN	As our car turns into the drive , I have the impression of a massive white boat run aground .
tr	NNS	Masculine heat and musk saturated her senses , just like on the plane .
tr	NNS	I have samples and one of the representatives . "
tr	NNS	He glared daggers at the vamp who 'd hit her .
tr	NN	With only his life to lose he threw his boot aboard and took her hand but yanked hard down .
tr	NN	Under those eyes he felt a curious suspense , but not fear .
tr	NNS	" I 've had some issues with that .
tr	NNS	The shuttle crew had always carried eight members : two miners , three adults and three ascended youth .
tr	NN	Chapter 13 Samara could feel the security wagon moving along from the inside .
tr	NN	Then he removed the second ribbon from her skin .
tr	NN	Talking with you helped her resolve in her own mind what happened to her father .
tr	NNS	I ate all my vegetables as a child . "
tr	NNS	" I 'm running blood samples on you now .
tr	NN	The government soon tossed his dossier in the bottom cabinet with UFO enthusiasts and Bigfoot fanatics .
tr	NNS	" And I 'm taking no chances , if there are tunnels , I 'm drying them up . "
tr	NN	He gave us our intelligence and commanded we use it to subdue the beasts . "
tr	NNS	Pang found two stacks of 3.5-inch discs , sixteen in all , in a rack by the monitor .
tr	NN	For a second , Amanda couldn 't compute the meaning of this .
tr	NN	" Hey , Hans , we got a visitor . "
tr	NN	I suppressed a groan .
tr	NN	She took a savoring mouthful and even closed her eyes to enjoy it more fully .
tr	NNS	When he thought all was ready he lifted the pans off the fire , and crept along to Frodo .
tr	NNS	Those are exhilarating vessels ! "
tr	NNS	" People have accidents anyway , right ? "
tr	NN	He could hear French , Italian , even people speaking Dutch .
tr	NNS	They had found the items in a stone tomb atop the mountain .
tr	NN	For some unknown reason , that second kiss wreaked more emotional havoc than the first had .
tr	NNS	Use whatever methods you can . '
tr	NN	Equal crime , her mother always said , equal punishment .
tr	NNS	" I can 't check track marks through cotton , Neil . "
tr	NNS	The winner gets fifty bucks ! "
tr	NNS	So that left the two North London clubs , Arsenal and Tottenham .
tr	NN	Which scores are you talking about ? "
tr	NNS	The " historical " district simply contained the oldest houses ; most hadn 't been restored .
tr	NNS	A league away to the shore the Ibis ships threw their anchors into the sea , and rolled up their sails .
tr	NN	Between my new necklace and your amethyst , I 'll have all the fortune I 'll need . "
tr	NN	Instead , I press the wet towel around his cut , wiping the dried blood off .
tr	NN	" Rex ... " A familiar taste was penetrating the overwhelming clamor of Rex 's excitement .
tr	NN	He picked up a blue marker pen and began to write .
tr	NN	The woman 's nearness freshened his hunger and he reached for her , his gaze drawn to the pulse throbbing in the hollow of her throat .
tr	NN	As soon as the chicken was all coated , I turned the stove off and grabbed some tortillas .
tr	NN	When he looked up and noticed me standing there , I could see the content in his eyes .
tr	NN	He could play the tape in his sleep for all she cared .
tr	NN	" You give me way too much credit .
tr	NN	" We 've no faith in cards , Gypsy ! "
tr	NNS	' They have been concentrating their efforts on building up forces in preparation for D-Day , which didn 't happen .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is this ? "
tr	NN	I undid the dead bolt , muttered my wards back , and opened the door enough to see outside .
tr	NN	Warrior 's keen vision spots a figure standing on the very top of the mesa and with curiosity , she circles the monolithic desert structure .
tr	NNS	I don 't condone her actions or being followed .
tr	NN	She spotted a basket full of golden colored bracelets and began to fan through them .
tr	NNS	And if you don 't mind , take these forms to the other gentleman with you .
tr	NNS	The woman had such daring , such boldness .
tr	NNS	Maggie put down the mushrooms and stared out to the Mediterranean .
tr	NNS	They could mix up the samples , and I could end up having some serial killer 's kid .
tr	NN	Joan considered Number 27 's proposal .
tr	NN	She zipped her backpack up and listened intently .
tr	NN	With him and in this amazingly beautiful place , I have deciphered my real and true consciousness .
tr	NNS	His voice stroked my senses like silk .
tr	NNS	Those who enjoy reading have literary discussions .
tr	NNS	He circles the same roads at least ten times , searching for any sort of direction .
tr	NN	He didn 't rub his temple along hers .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , " Shelley said with a chuckle , " all six feet five inches of him . "
tr	NN	Horowitz paused and lifted the needle , allowing me the chance to speak .
tr	NN	The other two met the same fate .
tr	NN	Elaina gave a little shrug and called out , " Who comes , and what is your purpose ? "
tr	NNS	I have the Time , Newsweek and Life magazines in my files .
tr	NNS	Do I get any sanity points because I realize the scenario sounds nuts ?
tr	NN	Did you read the Post ? "
tr	NNS	I groan and rub my temples .
tr	NNS	Lots of fishermen take their dogs along .
tr	NNS	She 'd make the other deliveries tomorrow if the roads in the Courtyard were passable .
tr	NN	She felt the brief flutter of its wings against her palm , and tried to remember what it had been like to feel afraid .
tr	NNS	Have you ever smoked cigarettes as a habit ?
tr	NNS	But Iona thought about Eric 's and Cassidy 's tales of how Shifter women often didn 't survive childbirth .
tr	NNS	Have you figured out the trips he took ? "
tr	NN	Nick felt his anger drain as he watched her eyes grow bright .
tr	NNS	I 've made the trade agreements we needed .
tr	NNS	We found some chairs at the back and sat down .
tr	NN	It passed by an escort frigate eight miles to its starboard unnoticed , twenty minutes later it acquired the aircraft carrier through its infrared sensor .
tr	NNS	The wizards made frantic signals to one another over his head .
tr	NN	The queen unrolled the second scroll and immediately recognized her husband 's handwriting .
tr	NN	I top off the outfit with flip-flops and chapstick .
tr	NNS	When the assumption is right , the idea has better chances of being right .
tr	NN	The leopard gave a low growl , not terribly threatening , but not pleased either .
tr	NN	Curse the man , he 's got the better attitude for this .
tr	NN	She didn 't want rescuing and she had plenty of friends .
tr	NN	He 'd been holding back a yawn for a half hour so he wouldn 't look rude .
tr	NNS	" You 've had visions from the other ghosts , so you know how real they feel .
tr	NN	I gave her my best scowl .
tr	NN	Eventually they reached an old pier on the Great Bay with several boats on the dock and a restaurant at the end of the pier .
tr	NN	A chill slithered up her spine at the sound of Luke 's harsh laughter .
tr	NNS	Sharing meals and stories .
tr	NNS	Even though she was as White as they come , the Yavapai Apache , local Hopi and Navajo Native Americans respected her abilities .
tr	NNS	All the numerous outbuildings had fresh coats of tan paint .
tr	NN	He had eluded justice for many centuries and would not be easy to kill .
tr	NN	' I 've negotiated a short-term lease until the sale contract goes through .
tr	NNS	He had his doubts .
tr	NN	" Official capacity ? "
tr	NNS	" Since you are the only remaining human , I must protect your interests .
tr	NNS	We 've perfected our techniques for a lobotomy .
tr	NNS	" Maestro , I have some contacts in town .
tr	NN	He bit out a smirk .
tr	NN	He won 't risk a crash landing .
tr	NNS	But she 'd already had chances with Trevor , and when it came to him , I was very selfish .
tr	NNS	He had the same fears when Lachlan had first proposed the plan to him .
tr	NN	What harm can there be in an instrument that plays a tune ? "
tr	NNS	Diana took several deep breaths .
tr	NNS	And then the addicting taste of him flooded her senses .
tr	NN	" Excuse me , your majesty . "
tr	NN	We pass a rocky hill with ropes hanging from an ugly tree and a crowd of people jeering .
tr	NN	Arn , Andra and Osh had left the underground cavern and were in the chamber of the dead .
tr	NN	" Like I said , " he went on , " she had some real testosterone built up .
tr	NN	David squelched the urge to do the job for her .
tr	NN	When the metal touched the floor , I felt no resistance on the blade .
tr	NNS	Her eyes traveled the buildings around the area as she tried to place her location .
tr	NNS	Simon loosened the reins he had looped around the hitching post .
tr	NN	Approach the bench . "
tr	NN	chapter sixteen My bones ache from the early morning chill .
tr	NN	I finally had Elle back , but at what cost ?
tr	NNS	" Did you hit Jess ? "
tr	NNS	Did you see any dogs feasting on human flesh the entire way ?
tr	NNS	I murmured my apologies and stepped off the rug .
tr	NNS	The inconsequential thing had been transmitted millions of miles to no effect other than to inform them Hempstead had been troubled by a bit of phlegm .
tr	NN	My mom slid a blue and white china platter onto the table between us .
tr	NNS	Almost immediately , Alfie fell backwards .
tr	NN	They make good pale ale here . "
tr	NN	You aren 't helping your silly courtship .
tr	NNS	Sharyn gently retrieved the pages .
tr	NNS	I can cancel meetings .
tr	NNS	After they got ready for bed , Cole peeled back the covers and Savannah crawled in .
tr	NN	She flipped back the comforter and stalked out of bed .
tr	NN	" He takes out the tower and the Blueberries go after him instead of us .
tr	NN	A shiver of fear exploded up his spine , but Archie wasn 't about to be spooked by any sudden wind storm .
tr	NNS	" And you have cameras on every door and window ? "
tr	NNS	After all , they have gods for everything . "
tr	NN	He pushed the urge away .
tr	NN	One of the men said , " Man I wish I could learn to drive my truck like that . "
tr	NN	" Thank you , sweetness . "
tr	NNS	He touches the scratches , one hand lifted to cover them for a moment , then the hand drops at his side .
tr	NN	Now that she and Levi were sleeping together as well as living together , she had less privacy than before .
tr	NN	You 've got a good attorney and a lot of friends to stand by you .
tr	NN	No one had ever used an endearment for him before .
tr	NNS	I chose black ballet flats which I could easily kick off if we went for a walk on the beach .
tr	NNS	But her husband sometimes kept private fears and concerns to himself , too .
tr	NNS	" We have tunnels ? "
tr	NN	Then , hearing no one approach , I made a tentative survey of my surroundings .
tr	NNS	A spattering of Tens raised their creations in the air .
tr	NNS	Picking my compact back up I lightly dusted the light brown freckles that ran across my nose .
tr	NN	She ordered coffee , toast and orange juice from room service .
tr	NNS	If you had been targeted by us , believe me , you would not now be enjoying these fine accommodations .
tr	NNS	He strolled past patients and visitors milling around the newsagent , florist and kiosk before veering towards the Admissions desk .
tr	NN	He cracks his knuckles and neck , like it proves he 's tough .
tr	NNS	He slaps his thighs and bounces up .
tr	NN	I repay the debt I owe him , for bringing me and my friends to this great country , and how do I repay ?
tr	NN	Yawning , he bid goodnight to his companion , and was soon asleep .
tr	NNS	' Plus , I have made some adjustments to this bus to ensure our anonymity .
tr	NN	" We read your passport .
tr	NNS	I throw my covers back and get out of bed .
tr	NN	I set my fork down and look down to my lap .
tr	NNS	They buy drugs with that money , to support their habit , or they flip the drugs for a profit . "
tr	NNS	She just hired five armies to fight our war for us , and she paid them with imitation gold . '
tr	NNS	You can make my excuses , and listen to the discussion in my place .
tr	NN	A chill runs down my spine as I sit on the bed and pick up the hand that Jacey had just put down .
tr	NN	At this point she would either withdraw or accept his gesture of affection .
tr	NNS	You could possibly develop other skills in the future that you 're not mature enough to master yet . "
tr	NN	I fluffed my pillow , determined not to think about it .
tr	NN	He asks the bartender for a glass of twenty-five year old Glenlivet and downs it in one long swallow , signaling him immediately for another .
tr	NNS	I handed him 20 dollars instead while thanking him .
tr	NN	" I don 't believe you , " she said , spitting in his face .
tr	NN	The shock of his words ripped a shudder from her weak muscles .
tr	NN	And how she had turned down his marriage proposal .
tr	NNS	Sakura would not break either Sebastian 's or Darcy 's hearts .
tr	NN	He too was wearing a golden crown adorned with colorful jewels and sitting crooked on his head .
tr	NNS	Reaching in , I grabbed the loose wires in the wall and twisted to my liking until the doors snapped open .
tr	NN	When she got to Sara , she picked up her daughters napkin and dangled it in front of her face .
tr	NNS	For her to blow him off hadn 't done wonders for his ego .
tr	NNS	Maybe they had taken longer trips , or had them planned .
tr	NNS	" I do all my own stunts .
tr	NNS	Amanda then presented the figures on United States prices prior to World War II .
tr	NNS	" The Rain Maiden " ( 1873 ) features young lovers who seek to end a severe drought crippling their community .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to cover my ears and start humming .
tr	NN	" Till the last handshake , whenever that is , Samantha . "
tr	NNS	I refilled our cups .
tr	NN	" What are you doing babe ? "
tr	NNS	If we plan to settle here , my community needs comfortable accommodations . "
tr	NNS	The hospital walls sported greeting cards and cheap garland .
tr	NN	The woman showed tremendous potential but was ultimately seduced by the dark side and aligned her loyalties with the Lords .
tr	NN	I throw the vial to the floor .
tr	NN	On that note he tensely left the door frame of her room .
tr	NNS	She shook the coats and heard the jingle again ... there were keys in somebody 's pocket .
tr	NN	She had resisted his urging for her to hire someone to help clearing the house .
tr	NNS	He had two younger sisters , ages six and three .
tr	NNS	Emily took a few frantic paces back into the ballroom .
tr	NNS	To punctuate the conversation , she wrapped her reins around her saddle horn and pulled her rifle out of its leather case at her side .
tr	NN	You didn 't want all this grief . "
tr	NN	Now I could add terror and relief to that list .
tr	NN	I have basketball and homework .
tr	NN	He ran his knuckles along the length of her neck .
tr	NN	Snow opened the package and took out the dress .
tr	NNS	Noah contemplated his surroundings in the protective garden for several minutes .
tr	NNS	Social media removed real connections and friendships and replaced them with ratings , whining rants , and new ways to bully people .
tr	NNS	" We have our suspicions ? "
tr	NN	Jackie provided her private email .
tr	NNS	Apparently , they didn 't like even numbers .
tr	NN	Day held out the vest .
tr	NN	The leopard released the falcon , which leaped from the slab and took flight .
tr	NN	At times , she could see his lips tightening , but each time he would control himself and let her continue .
tr	NNS	Romano 's accountant , Bob Murphy , initially transferred the funds directly into Mario 's accounts in the West Indies .
tr	NN	At least most people didn " t , most of the time .
tr	NN	" I have your estimate for the rest of the work . "
tr	NNS	A wave of his hand lit several aromatic candles .
tr	NN	" Your mum and Steve have hardly left your bedside .
tr	NN	Her son kept the postcard .
tr	NN	" But then I probably shouldn 't have killed him 'cause then he could have fixed that article . "
tr	NNS	She walked the ten or so yards to the large wheelie bins on her driveway and opening the nearest one she tossed the bag inside .
tr	NNS	Jennifer took the ice cube trays from the freezer .
tr	NNS	She 'd look up agents ' addresses on the Net first thing Monday morning and create an email blizzard with her queries .
tr	NNS	He pointed her East .
tr	NN	Thank goodness it worked that time .
tr	NNS	Midway down the hall , the chamber 's heavy blast door popped open a few inches .
tr	NN	He made a sharp gesture and one of those branches bent and stretched down enough for him to seize it in one hand .
tr	NNS	On the other hand , the fact that she 'd by chance chosen the innocent cup woke Fellows up at night cold with fear .
tr	NNS	She dropped her fangs at him and brought up her claws and he barreled over his knee , laughing and wiping his eyes .
tr	NNS	How committed his brother was to raising Tess and doing it right .
tr	NNS	He passed three houses and their fields .
tr	NN	The punch pushed the opponent away from Lea .
tr	NNS	slamming your T-bone palms on the desk in front of me .
tr	NN	Bradley opened his backpack , doubtful whether he would find anything useful in it .
tr	NN	" I 'd like a bath and a shave .
tr	NN	Anything to keep her just where she was , prolonging the sweetness of her scent .
tr	NNS	They spoke tales of his cruelty and his inhuman ability to wield his sword and move his muscles .
tr	NNS	Shira pulled back the covers on the bed .
tr	NNS	None of this matches my notions of what today would be like .
tr	NN	" Looks like the church escaped the high tide . "
tr	NN	He charged a decent rate and he really enjoyed doing it .
tr	NN	I have respect because I earned it . "
tr	NNS	Your neck has finger marks and your face is swollen . "
tr	NN	" How can you read that crap on this plane ? "
tr	NNS	He ripped the goggles from his head , needing to see his surroundings better .
tr	NN	She could hear her mother 's huff loud and clear .
tr	NNS	The man was out here somewhere directing the crews setting up .
tr	NN	Alan gave his command for the team to form up and make their way to Notting Hill Gate Station .
tr	NN	She fit perfectly , her smaller frame moving against his , soft and feminine , reminding him continually of their wonderful differences .
tr	NNS	Damn the gods to Hades !
tr	NN	" If you have that little faith in your fighting skills , at least have some faith in mine . "
tr	NN	We have almost cut the rope ! "
tr	NNS	" Thirty bucks , plus expenses .
tr	NNS	None of the Fey have ever had the balls to show up in the middle of town .
tr	NNS	I made all the appropriate noises and nods , even throwing in a comment about the matching headband in her hair .
tr	NNS	You are hurting my sentiments .
tr	NNS	They 'd had knives .
tr	NNS	The same thing when he started slapping his thighs .
tr	NN	He wore a white undershirt over a pair of Christmas boxers .
tr	NNS	We 'll just cross blades for a bit , work off some steam , that sort of thing , nothing dangerous about that is there ?
tr	NNS	Did this Gary give her drugs there ?
tr	NNS	We know their descriptions , how they sailed and where , and who sailed in them .
tr	NN	Neither of them would obtain any real serenity .
tr	NNS	They all had stripes that matched their initial courses .
tr	NNS	The girls had rolled some hides at the top to act as pillows and I lay on my back and stared at the stars .
tr	NN	" He 's leaving the Compound ?
tr	NN	I resist the urge to lean down .
tr	NNS	I didn 't see any cameras , but that didn 't mean they weren 't there .
tr	NN	You barely survived your last run-in with Jaws . "
tr	NN	I ate the banana first , barely pausing to breathe , and had to slow myself so I didn 't finish the milk in one gulp .
tr	NN	You don 't have internet or TV .
tr	NNS	The world never let bliss like this continue , always conspired to shatter it .
tr	NNS	" Two hundred fifty thousand dollars . "
tr	NN	She turned the knob and stepped back to allow me to enter .
tr	NNS	Son of a - " Pulling myself from the ground , I cradled my ribs and considered returning to the main house .
tr	NNS	Passage of time always introduces other elements .
tr	NN	She remembered a phrase from the realtor brochures , " arrogantly shabby , " the island 's catch phrase .
tr	NN	His wife simply laughed , a loud whoop that kept him accelerating until he felt like he was flying .
tr	NN	April touched the condensation on her glass .
tr	NN	I just don 't like the negative element that exists in this building .
tr	NN	One of them grabbed a handful of hair from the top of my head and pulled down , forcing my chin to my chest .
tr	NN	I have no credibility .
tr	NN	Mike and I could catch fish with our bare hands , and Jack could skin them .
tr	NNS	Simone shivered , her fingers gripping the folds of her skirt .
tr	NNS	With this , Mrs Wells gathered her cigarettes and sun lotion from the table .
tr	NN	On his brow he wore a small crown with a single blue gemstone set on his football .
tr	NN	" Don 't blame the equipment .
tr	NN	A moment later , White Shirt let out a moan .
tr	NNS	I could feel his fangs inches away from my head .
tr	NN	Galway had done the oyster festival , so they couldn 't do that .
tr	NNS	Maybe you do have ulterior motives . "
tr	NN	We have no more claim over it than any of them did . "
tr	NNS	You have other talents that are amazing .
tr	NNS	She has issues just like the rest of us in the world except her issues try to kill her on more than one occasion .
tr	NNS	The patrons slam their beers down in unison .
tr	NN	Shaking , I shot a command at a pale , trembling Damien .
tr	NN	He gave out a shout of pain and anger .
tr	NNS	Nadia had spoken his deepest fears , that Piers 's intellectual pride had led him into forming an alliance with the Nazis .
tr	NN	Sure , I feed off the visceral terror , but where 's the spontaneity , you know ? "
tr	NN	The photos don 't do it justice , and also , the train was moving too fast to focus .
tr	NN	I stop pacing and look at her .
tr	NNS	So watch your danger areas .
tr	NNS	Hope pulled plates out of the cupboard and unpacked huge burgers , fries , fried mushrooms , and even some Rocky Mountain oysters .
tr	NNS	Then Raj left my hairs free .
tr	NNS	" I grew three inches . "
tr	NNS	She quickly gave Nathan directions to the mage mating grounds .
tr	NN	You know the drill .
tr	NN	I chose the other option .
tr	NNS	Although personally , Miles has no problem in that area , " she said slyly .
tr	NNS	" Dude , you got condoms in your bag ? "
tr	NN	You can 't love Death , Pagan , and not accept him .
tr	NNS	Bree rubs against me again as if I 'm her personal stripper pole .
tr	NN	But I had a hunch that this moment was not so different from the one I had witnessed between my mother and Linda .
tr	NNS	I 've got samples so you can pick out the cabinet hardware and the color of carpet . "
tr	NN	And so we all climbed the hill to the Citadel .
tr	NNS	Maynard gathered a coolness he didn 't know he had and returned the intense gaze with a nod .
tr	NNS	Why not forget your troubles for a night and come dancing with me ? "
tr	NNS	Eve has allies , but how faithful are they ? "
tr	NN	I once broached the mere topic of selling you to unscrupulous warlocks , and she was not amused .
tr	NNS	Spend your winters at Desert Princess Trailer and RV Park in beautiful Oasis , Arizona .
tr	NNS	The tail of the truck screeched past inches of the front bumper , before spinning lazily through one hundred and eighty degrees .
tr	NN	The Founders swore their oath to hold the pass against the Fallen One and his kith , no matter what .
tr	NN	She propped the hoof between her legs .
tr	NNS	" We 've sent several recon missions but only few have returned .
tr	NNS	Bod was standing five paces from the man Jack .
tr	NN	" What the fuck do you want ? "
tr	NN	( Hemlock , a frequent winner in the Gazette 's street decoration contest , finished a disappointing sixth this year . )
tr	NNS	Landing and rolling as I hit the hardened ground , I hear shots all around us .
tr	NN	" There goes Defender 's protest flag up the halyard ! "
tr	NNS	Outside , she heard heavy forms climbing into the room .
tr	NNS	" Not the old folks .
tr	NNS	" Mr. Banks , you know full well those are controlled items . "
tr	NN	I leave out the gory detail about there being a giant brown scab covering the area .
tr	NN	He cared for the guacamole his parents ' long-gone chef used to make .
tr	NN	" Rafael , we need the code for the handcuffs . "
tr	NNS	The detective was running scenarios through his head .
tr	NNS	They laid their napkins down and stared at the guest .
tr	NN	When Paul rose from his chair , she handed the corkscrew to him .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is all this ? "
tr	NNS	Verena and Catherine placed candles in the holes .
tr	NNS	It took Tolland four powerful strokes to reach the harness .
tr	NN	Our lips find each other hungrily .
tr	NNS	We made five or six trips like that and laughed our asses off each time .
tr	NNS	Lily nosed Maximus gently , on the deck .
tr	NN	Sniffer got a crunchy treat for that one .
tr	NNS	Finally , a male voice called out , " Two thousand dollars . "
tr	NN	He heard her voice hitch a little , and then she swallowed , as if struggling to find the words .
tr	NNS	She 'd had no complaints with her fillet until she made the mistake of asking what kind of beef it was , and learned it was horse .
tr	NNS	" They wrote careful descriptions of the land around the river .
tr	NNS	Alex accepted the pints that Red drew from the tap and handed one to Jackie .
tr	NNS	I paid a few coins to get my website URL attached to the list .
tr	NN	He can get so pushy some days , if it weren 't for Bark recently , I might have carried a baseball bat around . "
tr	NNS	Diocletian blames the Christians for his dwindling power .
tr	NN	He held up the gown and waited for her response .
tr	NNS	Her voice was quiet and ragged , her movements regular and robotic as if on an assembly line .
tr	NN	We explained her location and a few ground rules .
tr	NN	When we took out a section of the wall , it revealed a spiral staircase leading down to a cellar or dungeon . "
tr	NN	No demon with the least amount of sense wanted the Phoenix gunning for them .
tr	NNS	He has three sandwiches .
tr	NNS	The patio sank six inches into the ground .
tr	NNS	From a little cupboard , he brought out two chipped cups and a tin canister of black tea .
tr	NN	Peter pulled back Mary 's veil and , grinning cheekily , kissed her on the lips .
tr	NN	To betray my oath and keep information from the FRU ? "
tr	NNS	Some of the older people were drinking beers , telling jokes or just sitting around doing nothing .
tr	NNS	He 's doing weddings in Vegas . "
tr	NNS	As one , the crawling kids let out a hiss .
tr	NN	Time lost all measure .
tr	NN	" My kids , " Georgie said , then felt her heart squeeze .
tr	NN	We haven 't done nothin ' wrong . "
tr	NN	" We know you 're going to scream , mate , " said the other player to Dickie , " so try and scream quietly . "
tr	NN	He gives me the same speech , over and over again .
tr	NN	Think a humongous version of Seattle 's ( or Seaport 's ) Space Needle .
tr	NN	My mom is way better at hiding her resentment than I am .
tr	NN	Shivers rippled down my spine .
tr	NNS	He placed bids on several items .
tr	NNS	He 'd eaten meals in this house , so he had to know what was going on .
tr	NN	Stuart removed his cashmere and folded it neatly on the back of his chair .
tr	NN	Our dog took a mouthful of his pant leg in his mouth and started pulling .
tr	NN	She deserves that respect . "
tr	NN	We need an actual monster hunter to help out . "
tr	NNS	She raised her thumbs up , which meant that the show had been a success .
tr	NNS	Roland idled the two engines to 550 RPMs .
tr	NN	The man gave a shrug which indicated that , although the world did indeed have many problems , this was one of them that was not his .
tr	NNS	Violet checked the general prices again for the houses sold against the actual properties .
tr	NN	Disgusted with himself , he tucked the pistol into the back of his jeans and bent down to pick her up .
tr	NN	" You have your passport on you ? "
tr	NN	He was whistling some tune which Antonia had never heard .
tr	NN	Each night that I shared his bed , in the morning my skin looked paler .
tr	NN	I 'm reading a magazine in the lobby , under a noisy ceiling fan , when Rashford appears and sits on his secretary 's desk .
tr	NN	The demon paid no heed to his words .
tr	NN	As you see only candles light the castle .
tr	NNS	He grabbed the reins , pulled back gently , and called out for the horse to stop .
tr	NNS	" I 'll break some balls with you guys . "
tr	NN	I never called her Echo again .
tr	NN	Why would I sacrifice a god ? "
tr	NN	" Here , " he stuffed a wad of tissues into Mac 's face .
tr	NNS	So I stepped along the narrow tiles of the roof , my arms out wide .
tr	NNS	They built temples and monuments to him .
tr	NN	A smaller table in the comer held a propane burner and a double boiler .
tr	NN	Lila found this human fascinating .
tr	NNS	Water lapped his thighs .
tr	NNS	We order beers and gulp them when they arrive .
tr	NN	The elder used the nickname by which only those in the temple academy knew him .
tr	NN	" Forgive me , my lord !
tr	NNS	It might not have won any blue ribbons for biggest or best , but it was a genuine one .
tr	NN	Following his example , she traced his hip , first with her fingers then with her tongue .
tr	NNS	Everyone was praising his analytical skills and were expecting achievements , solutions , actions -- especially certain girls .
tr	NN	The old estate is undergoing preservation , of course , all thanks to Edward 's great generosity . "
tr	NNS	" If your calling about the FBI I told them Kurt made his first two payments , so they 're considering dropping the investigation .
tr	NN	She glimpsed blood splashing in the air before he closed the door behind him .
tr	NNS	She had no real leads .
tr	NN	He shut off the ignition and eased out from under the wheel .
tr	NNS	They 'd lived centuries ago .
tr	NNS	He skimmed the pages more than once before meeting her gaze .
tr	NN	As I came around the desk I pulled my pistol from my pocket and put it on the desk , pointed at Foster .
tr	NN	Peering closer he noticed candy .
tr	NNS	They erect statues and throw parades for shit like that . "
tr	NN	" You don " t .
tr	NN	He accepted the men 's salute and returned it briskly .
tr	NNS	But I remember the nightmares . "
tr	NNS	McBride could neither see nor hear any guard patrols .
tr	NNS	That way , I 'll have samples for other customers to examine as I 'm building my client base . "
tr	NNS	They set torches to our huts .
tr	NN	" You want a vest ? "
tr	NNS	" FYI , I have two condoms in my jeans pocket , right side . "
tr	NN	They made her kneel down in front of me and they made me hold the gun to her head .
tr	NN	Furthermore , he had inherited his father 's early balding trait , and his receding black hairline continued to age the man .
tr	NN	Haven let another blast of blue fire turret through the container opening .
tr	NNS	These days they can work wonders in the prosthesis department .
tr	NN	He saw the article in the paper about my sister and guessed it might have been a vampire killing .
tr	NN	Even with all of her training , she 'd never done any serious traveling .
tr	NN	Halve the proportion of people who suffer from hunger by 2015 .
tr	NN	Keeping her eyes closed , she let her mind linger on the kiss she 'd shared with Jordan .
tr	NN	She doesn 't trust anybody .
tr	NNS	Huw gripped her thighs as she leant forward and drank deeply .
tr	NNS	Perhaps , her improved spirits would beat off the nightmares for one night , and with luck , hyperspace may have somehow magically effected a cure .
tr	NNS	I see scratches and scrapes but no deep wounds .
tr	NN	It had that hazy quality to it , almost real but not quite .
tr	NN	" Can we sue the lawyer ? "
tr	NN	She had planned her release from prison down to the smallest detail .
tr	NNS	I bite the insides of my cheeks to keep from busting out laughing .
tr	NN	" Can I make an admission ? "
tr	NN	The sooner you fix whatever is wrong with Ethan , the sooner we can end this pretend engagement . "
tr	NN	He approached the bird on his right and addressed it , " Hello Juliette ! "
tr	NNS	Sasha massaged her temples .
tr	NN	I start the dishwasher for Amy and wipe down counters and the table .
tr	NN	This man would have the security code to get into the room where the computers were housed .
tr	NNS	I put my blades , sheaths and harness inside my duffle before splashing after Solis toward the General 's tent .
tr	NN	Cullen answered , supposing his men must have reached the castle before this man had ridden out .
tr	NN	A few times over the years he 'd found a workplace he liked and made friends of some of the staff .
tr	NNS	I put my wineglass aside and pressed my hands to my cheeks .
tr	NNS	No reason to take chances .
tr	NN	It 's losing its effect . "
tr	NNS	It was breathing difficulties , nothing to do with Stove -- I never brought her within a thousand miles of these mountains .
tr	NNS	" Some creep was playing practical jokes on Diana . "
tr	NN	He hasn 't really regained consciousness .
tr	NNS	" Liza , did your father do your braids this morning ? "
tr	NNS	I have no doubts at all , that it was there , where I learned to be even more curious and inquisitive with all that surrounds me .
tr	NNS	" Would you get the plates , Randy ? "
tr	NN	Meg took the razor and closed her eyes .
tr	NN	He put down his rag , then pulled out an old-fashioned black telephone , with a circular dial , and left it on the counter .
tr	NNS	Thank the heavens I thought to bring a few . "
tr	NN	Dee was moving the tool up and down , trying to get it out of the miner 's loose grasp .
tr	NNS	She followed all the dogs and their ranks .
tr	NN	Sofia felt that shrinking sensation in her gut again .
tr	NN	Pearl lay the ribbon on the table and pushed it to one side .
tr	NN	They didn 't even have pizza .
tr	NN	The Soviets bankrupted this nation by building bombs while our roads crumbled and people went hungry .
tr	NNS	" And it only affects the travelers when we first establish the markers ? "
tr	NNS	Dominique lifted his wineglass now and watched Michael over the rim .
tr	NN	Anyone loaded down with stuff couldn 't turn a knob , and anyone else would want to keep their hands in their pockets .
tr	NNS	Sweat ran down the insides of her arms .
tr	NNS	She could clean someone else 's toilets until they sparkled and keep their chickens and pigs fed and weed their rows of vegetables .
tr	NN	In truth , Blondie probably did us both a favor by precipitating the events that forced you to turn me . "
tr	NN	" I just had a banana . "
tr	NNS	" I will get a mattress .
tr	NNS	Joni lifted the roses and set them on the dresser behind her .
tr	NNS	I have exposed all the colored wires .
tr	NN	" Your alpha one password . "
tr	NNS	" We have the data prepared for the FDA , " Jeff interjected , " and it 's air tight . "
tr	NN	Somehow she resisted the urge to squirm in her chair as his brown eyes remained fixed on her .
tr	NNS	Poets turn their nightmares to words .
tr	NNS	" Frankly , accepting the family 's unique qualities has done wonders to help my own sanity . "
tr	NN	Chapter Fifteen Ellen Jones ran a comb through her short blonde hair .
tr	NN	I thought fleetingly of the bookstore .
tr	NN	See you later , alligator . "
tr	NN	He hadn 't touched the sponge except to squeeze a few drops from it halfway up the first stage of the climb .
tr	NNS	We were doing the pots and pans at the sink , the things that didn 't go in the dishwasher .
tr	NNS	I even had the pages from her PDA filed in the safe .
tr	NNS	Only a fool would have left two witches alone when they were constantly circling and spitting at each other like angry cats .
tr	NN	If worse came to worst , they 'd have no electricity and spend four days playing cards by candlelight and eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches .
tr	NN	So I held the shovel and watched Aunt Tabby scramble through the poo hatch and disappear .
tr	NN	" He gets the same treatment as everybody else .
tr	NNS	She felt drops of blood splatter over her cheek and into her hair .
tr	NNS	One of the men took his reins and another began talking to him .
tr	NN	He tried the knob and found it unlocked so he peaked inside the incredibly small space .
tr	NNS	" I hope they work it out and get back together , " I said fervently .
tr	NNS	The vamp could barely keep his fangs off her .
tr	NN	Still , I heard the scurrying , the scratching , the vocalizing .
tr	NNS	Their host distributed matching oblong stone plates to everyone before sitting down .
tr	NNS	" I had an operations meeting this afternoon .
tr	NNS	In fact , I have several bicycles -- if you don 't mind the old fashioned kind with baskets on the handlebars . "
tr	NNS	We 're having twins . "
tr	NNS	Still , that required monthly trips , alternating among the three villages within a night 's travel of her cabin .
tr	NNS	Another readout tracked the currents of aliens who were in swarm form .
tr	NN	He asked the bouncer to point Ben out to him , and gave him a good hard stare .
tr	NNS	Inside , Cecelia cleverly marked out areas for sleeping , dining , food storage and building materials .
tr	NNS	She put her palms on his chest and pushed him away from her .
tr	NNS	" It confuses radar weapons systems .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , Kingsley 's thick , sweating , panting face appeared just inches from mine .
tr	NN	She emptied her clip , taking four men down at some distance .
tr	NNS	We saved priceless relics and financed the destruction of others .
tr	NNS	I count the bricks , then press the fifth one up and one over .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 17 His eyes look weird and wild , too much shine .
tr	NNS	It cleaves expectations in half .
tr	NN	He gave a little twitch but covered it quickly , so I continued .
tr	NNS	We make warning labels and put up signs to protect stupid people .
tr	NN	" You 're giving her too much credit .
tr	NN	His Majesty mounted his throne .
tr	NNS	She didn 't want any unpleasant surprises in their relationship .
tr	NN	Before his nerves could worsen he strummed a C minor chord with a high F in it to sweeten the sound .
tr	NNS	She carried over two bowls of oatmeal and set them on the table , one on each blue placemat , then sat down opposite Angie .
tr	NN	He places the cloth in my hand .
tr	NN	I hardly even noticed the liquid that had splattered onto the floor and my pants .
tr	NN	I learned my lesson . "
tr	NN	After only an instant of surprised hesitation , she gave equal measure .
tr	NN	In fact , she 's fighting the treatment . "
tr	NNS	" This place gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	You fear the blades of my priests ?
tr	NNS	They probably put our descriptions out , and someone reported back .
tr	NNS	A man doesn 't send a woman roses unless he 's seriously interested .
tr	NNS	So did all the candles .
tr	NN	Thank goodness I had my back to the entrance .
tr	NN	" You feel warm too honey , another dream ? "
tr	NN	Use a brand that is considered free and clear or perfumes and dyes .
tr	NN	I unfolded my napkin , laid it in my lap and looked around .
tr	NN	He put the laundry basket aside and pulled her to him .
tr	NNS	Father Francis flipped the pages .
tr	NNS	That said , many of them had no other talents in a world that required them .
tr	NN	He waved a paper file that looked like medical records .
tr	NNS	She flipped the daggers around in her fingers and slid them home into their sheaths on her thighs .
tr	NNS	Everyone held their breaths as a horde of men charged into the room .
tr	NN	She could wreak havoc with his body so easily .
tr	NNS	We 'd stood inches apart , hurling ideas at one another like boulders from a trebuchet .
tr	NNS	I don 't have the tapes . "
tr	NNS	" Welcome to show business , gentlemen . "
tr	NNS	" We 've all heard the reports from the Virginia delegation as to the state of affairs in and around Washington , D.C. .
tr	NN	I humbly accept my verdict . "
tr	NNS	" Make yourselves at home .
tr	NNS	Those of the Northern Kingdom understood not the Spirits of the Forest .
tr	NN	He drew a heavy leather sash from his belt and tossed it to the larger Cane .
tr	NNS	They took several twists and turns through the ruin of the neighborhood , then the bike slowed and Ty was able to lift his head .
tr	NNS	They carried spears made from a black wood , and some of the spearheads were on fire .
tr	NNS	" Either of you ever played the numbers down in Tijuana ? "
tr	NNS	I tried less devastating methods , but no one noticed .
tr	NNS	Though unobtrusive , the bracelets will enable the Tanks to track their opponents . "
tr	NNS	" Not all directors and producers expect the actors to view the dailies unless they need someone to see how they 're doing for some reason . "
tr	NNS	Books lined their new shelves in alphabetical order , and her computer 's tangled mop of cables had been subdued with rubber bands into a thick ponytail .
tr	NN	" Maybe one of the girls here will take a liking to your new friend . "
tr	NN	You know , the , " You 've got to work at it and never give up " speech .
tr	NN	" Rock structure ? "
tr	NN	" You 've seen the article .
tr	NN	James flipped open the file .
tr	NNS	By giving yourself freedom , you 'll also be leaving your allies with a precious gift . "
tr	NNS	" What did you get the candles for ? "
tr	NNS	He lit a few candles , feeling the sting of the headache receding .
tr	NNS	Hamilton was read her rights and Bolster and the two officers took her out to the squad car .
tr	NN	He took the pistol .
tr	NNS	We scooped the remains into glasses and brought everything to the living room .
tr	NNS	Bookcases held DVDs and books .
tr	NNS	He extracted six cigarettes and held them up .
tr	NN	I set the needle down and grab a paper towel , mopping up the blood on my arm .
tr	NN	Now I share your fate .
tr	NNS	In the meantime , I 'll finish off those dishes for you . "
tr	NN	She could feel the blood drain out of her face .
tr	NN	Suddenly he had a pistol out and was shooting .
tr	NN	Dean had fought any attraction he felt for me every step of the way .
tr	NN	The Associated Press also picked up the lead article , which was now circulating in every major and minor market in every newspaper across the country .
tr	NNS	I popped the tabs in my mouth and drank most of the water to wash them down .
tr	NN	" Show some respect ! "
tr	NN	The guard used a shovel to pick up the meteorite and brought it back to the containment area .
tr	NN	She 's gathered her towel up to cover herself but she 's still perched on the edge of her table facing me .
tr	NNS	The dealer dealt all the cards in the deck , then drew a name .
tr	NNS	She had her doubts .
tr	NN	" I placed the gown in your office for the benefit .
tr	NNS	I 'd take my chances at sinking before I took my chances with the people on this island .
tr	NNS	With the large log in place across the entrance , he faced the crumbling halls of a forgotten palace .
tr	NN	Turning from her , he approached the coffin , grasped the side with both hands , and looked intently at the body .
tr	NNS	Then I noticed the runes on the wall of the building .
tr	NN	I get enough leverage to be able to pull myself up and gaze out of the window .
tr	NN	I 'd entertain the urge to take a quick walk to shake out the excess energy .
tr	NNS	A few feet separated the two figures .
tr	NN	She felt feverish ; her whole body was trembling .
tr	NN	She folded her paper towel into quarters and slid it into the pocket of her suit jacket .
tr	NN	Madeline took another small tool from her backpack , along with the crowbar , and Grace turned back to her own searching .
tr	NNS	He cleaned up messes , left things looking pristine .
tr	NN	When everyone was finished , Colt pulled out his strand and reached it around my tummy .
tr	NN	After eight rings , I slammed the receiver onto the kitchen receptor , once , twice .
tr	NN	" So many , many , things ... " She opened five drawers before she found the apron . "
tr	NN	She felt his intake of breath , a sharp stab in the silence as he turned from her to the guard still standing in the hall .
tr	NN	On the eastern shore the land was rolling hills , more prairie than forest .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't muddy the waters with this potential bias , so I concentrated on what I knew . "
tr	NN	She opened a jar of home canned green beans and put them in a pan .
tr	NN	I could smell her unease .
tr	NNS	The sound confirmed his fears .
tr	NN	" We showed him that clip of you singing ' The Hanging Tree . '
tr	NNS	* * * " He has wizards and warlocks under his command ?
tr	NNS	Tonight she 'd see her sons again .
tr	NN	Following the room numbers on the doors , I watch the progression until I reach my destination .
tr	NNS	Water streamed off our protective suits and , in the permanent gloom , it was hard to see where we were going .
tr	NNS	Through your actions . "
tr	NNS	I could hear plates being taken out and utensils making annoying sharp sounds .
tr	NN	She thrust the bouquet toward Phoebe .
tr	NNS	' Just stocking some shelves . '
tr	NN	Her face was averted , the curtain of hair concealing her expression from him .
tr	NN	I shifted my makeshift pillow under his head and eased him back .
tr	NN	A one-off glance at the index of a jacket would also raise a small flag .
tr	NNS	Many are already wishing the attackers killed them .
tr	NN	With one word I had now just entered a whole new category of dumb .
tr	NN	His hands grew clammy and gooey from the blood .
tr	NNS	He saw before him a dozen roads , twisting and turning every which way through King 's Court .
tr	NN	The two young people heard the sorrow in her voice and wondered if she realized how much that revealed about her feelings toward Heath .
tr	NN	I heard the sharp intake of breath when I pressed myself close , nipping lightly at one nipple through the thin material of the shirt .
tr	NN	She heard his misery and something more : disgust .
tr	NN	He felt her quick intake of breath .
tr	NNS	Sometimes he fought wolves with her .
tr	NN	With a sigh of impatience , Spike lowered the lid of the trunk and flicked the catches shut .
tr	NNS	I let out muffled moans of violent pleasure as he possessed me .
tr	NNS	you don 't like complications ? "
tr	NN	As his tongue entered my mouth , I could hear his low groaning and feel a fast growing erection pressing into my thigh .
tr	NNS	Leif shuffled his cards restlessly .
tr	NNS	" You checked the appropriate dates ? "
tr	NN	The horrible catastrophe a few miles away came roaring back to the forefront of her mind .
tr	NNS	Each guard was assigned certain areas of the building .
tr	NNS	The Captain likes the seeds for his morning meal .
tr	NNS	A significant whole area of the research we fund points to some pretty basic facts about poor eating choices and sedentary lifestyles .
tr	NNS	You should witness her capabilities before you choose your course . "
tr	NNS	Slices of bright light flooded the corridors .
tr	NNS	When that was done , we shoved the giants all the way into the elevator and rode it down to the first floor .
tr	NN	And with his movement I could feel the magical current of the room snap and pop with anxious , determined energy .
tr	NN	Exhausted and scared , I planted my butt on the cold floor .
tr	NN	He imagined the battery in his chest .
tr	NNS	They were turning pages .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down her spine at the look in his eye .
tr	NN	" The lads gathered the required equipment and have it in duffle bags behind them . "
tr	NNS	Alexis lit the six candles .
tr	NNS	He 'd only met the members of Real Murders once .
tr	NN	You 've got my vote . "
tr	NN	Then , when he handed over my drink and our hands accidentally touched , I forgot that realization entirely .
tr	NN	He 'd nearly destroyed my entire clan that night .
tr	NN	If I could read your emotions , like you can read mine , I would have read lust loud and clear . "
tr	NNS	" But they don 't tell outsiders . "
tr	NNS	" Andrew , " Steve pulled him aside , " Samantha and I have some errands to run .
tr	NN	A chill ran down his spine as he thought about the possibility that maybe Bree 's attacks went much deeper than just a single person stalking her .
tr	NN	He wiped the dye from his eyes as much as possible and stared at his prize .
tr	NN	Reaching an outcropping a dozen feet above his quarry 's outpost , he raised his rifle .
tr	NN	He shoved the bolt forward , locked it down , looked back through the scope .
tr	NNS	This time he caught her hand inches from his cheek .
tr	NN	Nate shoved a handful of Shock Bits into his mouth , and a glob of orange jelly splashed into him , accompanied by a flash .
tr	NNS	He had twenty-four dollars in his pocket and this . "
tr	NNS	Hannah gulped down the dregs of her orange juice and dashed into her bedroom to grab her backpack .
tr	NNS	He didn 't put any restrictions on Kathleen .
tr	NN	Mike picked up the crossword .
tr	NNS	I don 't wantto wreck your chances , okay ?
tr	NNS	He 's not even making any jokes .
tr	NN	She was wearing the lingerie he 'd sent .
tr	NN	Maybe she took exception to him paying for things like that before they 'd made their union official .
tr	NNS	A few renegade detachments from the government , however , used stolen ships to antagonize the Earth Imperium .
tr	NN	Across the street , I saw the vendor , who was folding and hanging clothes .
tr	NNS	It 's - " Good heavens !
tr	NN	Beth took a quick intake of breath at the woman who opened the door .
tr	NN	I feel the knot in my stomach as the van door opens .
tr	NN	The young Cane gathered up the stone jar , replacing it with another one from a row of similar vessels nearby .
tr	NNS	" To hide the freckles . "
tr	NN	Neil peered through his binoculars , noticed a flock of birds taking flight from a faraway pine .
tr	NNS	She felt his fangs at her throat , cried out as the pleasure of his bite mingled with the pleasure of her release .
tr	NNS	I could see helmets shaking in disbelief .
tr	NN	Will tossed the damp cloth aside .
tr	NN	There came another clap of thunder and I saw his eyes flinched .
tr	NNS	Abandoned your twin sisters .
tr	NNS	During which I dreamed continuous nightmares of the last five minutes of Sean .
tr	NNS	Under one sun , he could see dragons enjoying themselves .
tr	NNS	It took only a few trips and he disappeared when they last bag left his dolly .
tr	NNS	It even had crystal chandeliers above the table , and two silver candelabras on it that were made of real silver .
tr	NNS	Both couples produced large and happy families .
tr	NNS	She rinsed the vegetables , grabbed a knife , and started hacking .
tr	NNS	" You need two forms of birth control that first month . "
tr	NNS	These children had balls .
tr	NNS	Even though I wear three days ' travel grime instead of my finest jewels , their gaping admiration does wonders for my spirits .
tr	NN	I found the location of last night 's " incident " without too much trouble .
tr	NN	Tigris gives a low growl , not unlike one Buttercup might greet me with .
tr	NNS	" Well , Ms. Morgan , I best join the other students . "
tr	NN	I eyed her skeptically , and she added , " It won 't hurt . "
tr	NNS	He saw easy marks in the two young sailors .
tr	NNS	She scanned her surroundings .
tr	NNS	I want your reactions to be very genuine .
tr	NN	She made a long , slow circuit , taking us past all of the buildings .
tr	NNS	I will countenance no delays . "
tr	NN	A black cape over his shoulders hid his muscular physique .
tr	NN	The baby spit up every mouthful of her cereal until I stopped and mixed it with some mashed banana .
tr	NNS	Jael stands a few paces behind , and they both look as though they 've been to hell and back .
tr	NN	I dropped the cloth and tried not to let his big body shaking the bed make me hurl .
tr	NN	I straighten my white blouse , checking the buttons .
tr	NNS	The men that surrounded them held long , thin knives .
tr	NN	" Do you have the presentation on disk ?
tr	NNS	She tapped her fingernails on the arm of the sofa .
tr	NNS	' We can 't feed our cats , so rats and mice steal our supplies .
tr	NN	I felt the blood drain from my face as I realized what Fred had told me was true .
tr	NN	The word came unbidden to her mind .
tr	NNS	From what Uncle told me , they 'll probably build houses or something on the land . "
tr	NNS	I reach my chambers and am relieved to find them empty .
tr	NNS	Didn 't like the vibes .
tr	NNS	Nicholas is already washing dishes and turns when he hears me enter .
tr	NN	Ty had tried every avenue .
tr	NNS	She pauses , tilting her head in a way that tells me she 's accessing secondary systems .
tr	NNS	The cons of commitment outweighed the pros .
tr	NNS	I should 've brought note cards .
tr	NN	Their distress brought a lump to Grace 's throat , but she wasn 't about to reveal that to Camille .
tr	NNS	Ellie felt nauseous and felt bile rising at the back of her throat .
tr	NNS	They have their rituals and prayers to please supernatural creatures that are said to take travelers with them to the other world .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Franklin had contacts in her fashionable and wealthy community , and in the city , where Dr. Franklin had been a notable philanthropist .
tr	NN	Brent started digging with his hands and Sam came over to help .
tr	NN	After leaping in he grabbed the left rear bumper of the Jeep .
tr	NNS	The river and cave took many twists and turns .
tr	NNS	He could see the necessary schematics stacked in his mind , like transparencies piled one on another .
tr	NNS	Loot and Fire Cub watched the deer .
tr	NN	Mikhail 's voice alone could produce a hypnotic trance .
tr	NNS	But in her personal life , she blindly makes assumptions about who she is and what she wants .
tr	NNS	" Our forensic team thoroughly inspected the photographs of Mr. Kahn in the shed .
tr	NNS	Sara rubbed her temples to ease the ache in her head .
tr	NN	" So you dropped off the briefcase , then went and got Chloe 's phone number ? "
tr	NN	" Just have the shipment here when you promised . "
tr	NNS	Do you not fear the gods ?
tr	NN	Stanford Enterprises will cover the cost of your airfare , of course .
tr	NN	He gave another unimpressed snort .
tr	NNS	Doing bicycle tricks while Brendan watched .
tr	NNS	Once we find which one , we can keep tabs on who comes in and goes out . "
tr	NNS	Jameson brought us trays of fancy finger foods .
tr	NNS	Flames shoot up her blades , and I step back , my mouth hanging open .
tr	NN	Scott raced up the hill toward the foreman who was surveying the logs .
tr	NN	" The racquet missed your temple by less than an inch .
tr	NN	I mashed the garage door opener attached to the visor .
tr	NN	I 'm writing an article about how women can protect themselves and wanted to use some real-life examples .
tr	NNS	" Loki , " I threw the covers off and rushed over to him .
tr	NN	Pa and me would take the " e " off the end of butte and pronounce it like the word , butt .
tr	NNS	Her words echo my exact sentiments .
tr	NN	Craig tried the doorknob .
tr	NN	After a moment 's fumbling , she produced her passport .
tr	NN	Tessa wound her ponytail into a neat topknot , which she fastened with hairpins from her toilet bag .
tr	NN	The colonel propped a hip against the scarred filing cabinet and folded his arms across his chest .
tr	NNS	" This newspaper , " she explains , " they run topless models on page three . "
tr	NNS	Now Mister was fighting both dogs and he was fighting for his own survival .
tr	NN	Callista caught a glimpse and stepped back .
tr	NN	I really don 't give a fuck . "
tr	NNS	Bradley scrutinized a few more coins and concluded that they were indeed real but of some other country .
tr	NN	Rachel traces the dragon .
tr	NNS	You have the social skills of a gorilla and the vocabulary of an adolescent . "
tr	NNS	But first I need some wheels .
tr	NN	" We had an argument .
tr	NN	That left only one option .
tr	NN	After all , he and Long Shadow both perished within a year of starting work . "
tr	NN	Seth considered the proposition for a little bit .
tr	NN	She finished packing and sat next to me , a slight frown on her face .
tr	NNS	He studied the positions of the stars and the planets for a moment , and his eyes widened .
tr	NN	She couldn 't burn tin to listen for voices .
tr	NNS	We 'd bought mismatched chairs at a yard sale down the street and painted them red .
tr	NN	He gave a mental shrug , shoving the problem to the back burner .
tr	NN	See , " he said pointing to the paper , " They have given it a grade of 65 , which is excellent -- near mint condition .
tr	NNS	" Well , I got my MCAT scores in the mail this week , and it 's Devon 's birthday soon .
tr	NN	He needed a new method of operating , and yelling at the top of his lungs was his first and best hope .
tr	NN	When it was done , she opened the refrigerator to get the butter , and saw a bottle of tomato juice .
tr	NN	He steered the Tahoe to the shoulder of a peaceful country road , lined by acres of trees and cornfields .
tr	NN	" You 're messing up the tablecloth , Logan ! "
tr	NNS	Street lights formed pools of yellow that illuminated every third car .
tr	NNS	I haven 't crafted cards in a decade -- Russian cards longer than that . "
tr	NNS	He couldn 't take any chances , not with the treasure that was sitting in the trunk .
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers up to his chin and kissed his cheek .
tr	NN	" Instead , I 'm giving a speech about being unselfish . "
tr	NNS	My little grape hyacinths still formed lonely little islands of blue , but I envisioned the tulips blooming and creating a spectacular effect .
tr	NN	His dad took a needle and pulled a small stone out of his pocket .
tr	NN	He stifles a shudder .
tr	NNS	A grid composed of hundreds of tiny bulbs twinkled impressively .
tr	NN	For this event , Kaplan had got his old uniform from its mothballs .
tr	NNS	Gail brought two steaming plates to the table .
tr	NN	Mandy told the nurse , and she added more pain medication to his IV .
tr	NN	Serena undid her ponytail and ran her hands through her hair .
tr	NNS	" You mean lovers .
tr	NNS	One night , the two brothers were hanging out drinking beers , and Richard said to Tim .
tr	NN	If they were still a ragtag group -- we had no intelligence on them .
tr	NN	Susan gave him a less than pleased glare .
tr	NNS	It could have rained snakes .
tr	NN	Sebastian understood the meaning of her words immediately .
tr	NNS	I felt many stares but I didn 't acknowledge them .
tr	NN	Violet pulled out her notepad and began reading .
tr	NNS	You will birth twins , Mama .
tr	NN	" And that field structure itself would be the phenomenon we call consciousness . "
tr	NNS	Now , some of the Councilmembers are selling our lands right from under us .
tr	NNS	I have rogue wits .
tr	NNS	The sleep had worked its wonders and had calmed his nervous system and thought process to an altogether more stable barometer .
tr	NNS	He followed two other uniforms out of the hotel .
tr	NNS	We usually spend our weekends in Wilmington , but they 're moving in next week anyway . "
tr	NN	She lowered the pistol she had been holding as she raced from the room .
tr	NNS	He had chances , several times , to shoot from safe cover at distances well within his considerable capabilities but passed on them for just this reason .
tr	NNS	" Check your systems to make sure they 're all functioning properly . "
tr	NNS	He tore out the pages !
tr	NNS	" Well , if he asks you can tell him 8 inches . "
tr	NN	I don 't need a massage . "
tr	NNS	She had put away her daggers and now held an odd looking blade in her hands , looking cautiously at her new surroundings .
tr	NN	Hopefully he could suppress the thirst for blood , if only for a little while .
tr	NNS	Hey , you 've been lugging those twins around for nine months now .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you have finals to worry about , too ? "
tr	NNS	" You planted both artifacts on me .
tr	NN	He swept aside a thick curtain and Deckard went through .
tr	NNS	" You have admitted your actions and the fact that your friend did not pull the trigger is irrelevant .
tr	NNS	He would have scratches on his back in the morning , while she would have sore nipples and aching thighs , and they both wanted that .
tr	NN	She read his resolve .
tr	NNS	Needing more air to attempt to deal with the panic gripping her lungs , she took fast , and hopefully silent , breaths .
tr	NNS	I dropped some coins into the slot , dialed the long-distance number , and heard another computer-generated voice request even more money .
tr	NNS	" We do not need the journals in order to help you .
tr	NN	He used duct tape from the garage to tape the two cubes to the bottom of Matthew 's shoes .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not taking any chances . "
tr	NNS	They put all the wood shelves into place just as Abby walked back into the shop with two more sacks .
tr	NN	" You 'd make a great actress . "
tr	NN	To make my life suck . "
tr	NN	When she did , he eased his towering frame down , sitting to face her .
tr	NN	If we 're lucky , I can find the owner via a reverse directory .
tr	NNS	She grabbed the trays out of his hands .
tr	NNS	The red button turned the wires , circuits , cables , nuts , bolts , and metal off for a cooling down period . "
tr	NN	And because of that I have a greater respect for you right at this moment than I ever did before now .
tr	NN	She only has one shoe on and it causes her to roll her ankle but she manages to get up by supporting her weight against the sofa .
tr	NNS	You were facing three long aisles running the width of the store , plus various special displays and stacks of insulated mugs and charcoal briquettes and birdseed .
tr	NN	Alec repressed a shudder .
tr	NN	He pumped his c * ck through their cream .
tr	NN	He saw the pity in her eyes .
tr	NN	" I 'm offering a temporary truce because of the situation , but I still plan to pound you the first chance I get .
tr	NNS	" Look all the burning candles in the windows .
tr	NNS	I carry no bite marks . "
tr	NNS	As I watched her leave , I felt a strange coldness creeping up my body again .
tr	NN	They followed the butler through the large hall and into the side parlor .
tr	NNS	I took deep , calming breaths and watched her for a while .
tr	NN	Luther gave a final scowl toward the closed door , then turned his attention back to Sarah .
tr	NNS	I got all scenarios to orbit . "
tr	NN	I 've made my ruling . "
tr	NNS	You certainly didn 't gain any points with my mother . "
tr	NN	" George 's project has a high probability of success .
tr	NNS	By the way , where did they push the sofas to ?
tr	NNS	Serving staff circulated trays of appetizers as guests mingled .
tr	NNS	If I Changed , could I combine my powers with David 's ?
tr	NN	She had no other option but to look away and regain control of her emotions .
tr	NN	Claire settled her napkin in her lap .
tr	NN	" I invented yer duty .
tr	NNS	And Mariah saw the red scratch marks that crisscrossed Mad Dog 's back .
tr	NNS	" Kids love mixed tapes .
tr	NN	Lieutenant Jack Strong received a medal of honor following his death -- along with every member of his team .
tr	NNS	I had visions of this night being a disaster with Angie in the middle of it .
tr	NNS	Words make marks deeper than fists ; they last longer and sometimes never go away .
tr	NNS	He also gave me two mobile phone numbers .
tr	NNS	She closed off any doubts she still had and pushed them aside .
tr	NNS	Mostly she never got his jokes .
tr	NNS	" Well , I have punishments to see to . "
tr	NN	Neither has my nephew . "
tr	NN	We 'd established that precedent long ago .
tr	NNS	He checked his rear view mirrors and saw that no one was following him including Pandora agents .
tr	NNS	She weighed the pros and cons until her head ached .
tr	NN	Scarlett finally lowered her rifle and relaxed , feeling as if the tiger had just been caged .
tr	NN	asked the receptionist , smiling a little too widely .
tr	NN	She also had gardening equipment strewn in front of the back door .
tr	NNS	I can 't see auras anymore , but I can feel emotions .
tr	NN	" Use protection . "
tr	NN	To distract himself , he scanned the temple to see what the others were doing .
tr	NNS	His long legs ate up yards of carpet like nobody 's business .
tr	NN	" Not an option ! "
tr	NN	I 'll make a double batch of my soup and give some to you .
tr	NNS	I will , of course , take your remarks into consideration when I make my decision . "
tr	NN	Ezio smiled a little absently .
tr	NN	She 'd demanded every detail from Aeron , and what he 'd said had meshed with what Stefano 's men had seen .
tr	NN	" In the winter of 1973 , I saw a one-page memo summarizing the nicotine study from the 1930s .
tr	NNS	" Another time , " Louise said , " the decorator placed cans of wet pet food all over the yard . "
tr	NN	Brick picked a tooth , moved his neck slowly , and posed a thought .
tr	NNS	He was breaching her defenses where they were the weakest .
tr	NNS	Will they burn my supplies ?
tr	NNS	We grab our coats and tell Lila and Ethan we 'll be right back , and then we head over to my house .
tr	NNS	I have serious doubts whether anyone could make him do anything .
tr	NN	Despite the fact that we met him over a year ago , I hadn 't seen the real Stu until that night .
tr	NN	Maybe we should search the creepy shack .
tr	NNS	He taught eighth grade core classes and coached basketball .
tr	NNS	His leathery skin had the folds of a winter apple but his bald head shone like fresh picked fruit .
tr	NN	Reaching his feet , he replaced the dagger in the sheath on his back before walking over to the corpse .
tr	NN	We can easily counter this same effect if it happens in any other silo .
tr	NNS	" They have keen senses like a wolf too , and they notice anything that doesn 't match the Freak stench . "
tr	NNS	He 's located and cleaned a few pans , plates , cups , and utensils and raided the fridge .
tr	NNS	She flattened her palms against the scarred oak surface , the only way to keep them from shaking .
tr	NNS	" Wes has issues , then I have issues , and then look , Dr. Blake 's sitting on the floor looking like a kicked puppy . "
tr	NN	When he felt her body shift towards him , he controlled his libido and slowed down even more .
tr	NNS	Was he still getting general intelligence reports from his government ?
tr	NNS	Even as strong as she was , Emily couldn 't control her visions .
tr	NN	Tucker cleared the rasp of sleep from his voice .
tr	NNS	I still needed more contacts , but maybe Nick would cough up some details I could follow up on .
tr	NN	She lit a pink candle on the table next to her , saying , " You 're curious .
tr	NNS	" The Traders Guild offices . "
tr	NNS	Did Michigan have the best roads and highways in the nation ?
tr	NN	Instead , she shifted her rifle ever so slightly , from a kill shot to something that would maim and hurt .
tr	NNS	It came out more husky than he would have liked .
tr	NN	Although I 've never understood that phrase .
tr	NNS	They have many mind-altering powers , and they can shift into any form they wish .
tr	NN	Most celebrities would take credit for finding aliens .
tr	NNS	' And he has doubts about the jacket with Jessica Roche 's bloodstains .
tr	NNS	By candlelight , she turned the cards over , halfway through a game of Solitaire .
tr	NN	He opened the file and thumbed through the pages .
tr	NNS	Mud adorned the floors and led up the stairs .
tr	NNS	Head injuries can cause all sorts of problems .
tr	NN	You can stuff your quest for revenge in a hat , for all I care . "
tr	NNS	But I suppose nutrition counts for something . "
tr	NNS	I even love my students .
tr	NN	I barely feel the pinch .
tr	NN	Worse , I feared the timing because I believed her when she said the shovel was not there when she was outside .
tr	NN	She lifted out the package addressed to her .
tr	NN	To show him up , she cut a chunk of the bark for herself and started chewing .
tr	NNS	Brent flattened his palms on the desk .
tr	NN	He took solace that the throw had felt true .
tr	NN	" You have quite a reputation .
tr	NNS	I share both your sentiments but Bilal we are not leaving until we talk with Skylar . "
tr	NN	Instead he 'd gone full-out caveman on her .
tr	NNS	He counted his paces carefully .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't believe the balls these bitches had .
tr	NNS	* * * Two weeks later , as class was dismissing , Miss Michaels handed out envelopes to each of the students .
tr	NNS	He could hear the shingles being torn from the roof , followed by the crash of shattering glass .
tr	NNS	My imagination will create a thousand terrible scenarios to torment me otherwise .
tr	NNS	It could ruin his chances of selling the software .
tr	NNS	" I have the supplies we 'll need for the day .
tr	NN	" You find that tape , and we 'll have some pretty powerful leverage . "
tr	NN	Harvest ( Short Stories ) This West Coast cornucopia of short stories and poems covers a wide range of nature and human life .
tr	NNS	" She has no - " The rock beneath our feet shudders .
tr	NNS	You have no gods in your bloody cold country ! '
tr	NN	" If you 're going to accept a dance with Darkness , dance full swing . "
tr	NN	When unemployment went up , so did equipment theft .
tr	NNS	I had several issues with that statement .
tr	NNS	It must have heavy-duty off-road wheels to be that steady on the broken road .
tr	NN	Hear my command and obey without question .
tr	NN	The other orphans followed his example .
tr	NN	Tristan , please come retrieve this document for your team . "
tr	NNS	Sometimes I have nightmares where I burp and he - ' ' Then that 's probably all right , ' said the little rat .
tr	NNS	Quickly dispensing with her tattered nightgown , he hooked his thumbs under her panties .
tr	NNS	And so we called the twins to father 's tower , joined our wills , and asked the Master to visit us .
tr	NNS	Setting aside the visions and nightmares that kept flashing on her mind .
tr	NNS	" I have a rep to protect , " Abigail massaged her temples and went over to sit on her bed .
tr	NNS	" He had dark hair streaked with gray .
tr	NN	I see the redness of rage in her eyes .
tr	NN	" Vodka , straight up , please , " she asked the bartender .
tr	NNS	Ben terrified the wits out of him , as he did my mother .
tr	NN	He wouldn 't even consider the possibility that Quinn could get his hands on Kathleen .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes .
tr	NN	" I see also an email .
tr	NNS	We 've had some PTA meetings about the lack of security in the building , anyway . "
tr	NNS	It uses perpendicular molecules .
tr	NNS	Fitch 's newspaper dropped six inches , down to his chest , and his mouth dropped too as he stared at the new composition with bewilderment .
tr	NNS	Someone vented the secondary chambers to relieve the pressure on the Rift 's seal .
tr	NNS	He stayed centimeters from my face .
tr	NN	Clay tightened the sash on his robe , mustered his dignity and sauntered off to the master suite .
tr	NNS	Smaller entrepreneurs rode bicycles , pulling two-wheeled carts with specialty items to sell in Shanghai .
tr	NNS	He laid down his cards .
tr	NNS	Been studying vocabulary cards between water balloons ? "
tr	NNS	The men were shoving the crates onto other belts which led through the dock wall to some other location , warehouses she guessed .
tr	NNS	The darned thing has quite the talons .
tr	NNS	Any violators will have their supplies confiscated . "
tr	NN	His weight flattened the seat padding as he slid next to me again .
tr	NNS	We need those pages . "
tr	NNS	The gods gave us powers , Adelina , because we are born to rule . "
tr	NNS	" The owner of the pub has got the coins , he found them and he 's willing to let us have them . "
tr	NNS	For all we know , he 's been using his powers to endear himself to you . "
tr	NN	These include a range of microbes during the ' hot ' phase , as well as beetles and worms during the final stages .
tr	NNS	Why did he possess numerous skills ?
tr	NN	I 'll do what I like , witch . "
tr	NNS	The Historian , though he didn 't voice them , had great doubts .
tr	NNS	It only brought nightmares .
tr	NNS	" But we 've made a few changes . "
tr	NNS	Other women might have strong maternal instincts , but not Alix .
tr	NNS	When the endorphins finally began to make their appearance , I could feel the soothing numbness overtaking me .
tr	NN	A mousy little engineer with extremely valuable equipment , using a fake passport .
tr	NN	After a quick search he found a pencil , a ruler and a piece of paper and set to work carefully drawing a picture of the Talisman .
tr	NNS	As I shift Vel to pull the rapidly rotting flesh away , I count five more bites .
tr	NNS	I handle all the private clients on the back end , but ... " Steven 's eyes met mine for a brief moment before he continued .
tr	NN	He stepped around a large oak and settled the two of us onto the ground .
tr	NNS	I have some more contacts , old classmates , down in Argentina .
tr	NN	I 'll never grow another plant so long I 'm here .
tr	NNS	Her teasing laughter played over his senses and stroked at his body .
tr	NN	I took a towel and wiped the beads of perspiration off of his brow .
tr	NN	He shouldered his rifle and fire two shots in quick succession .
tr	NNS	I research all actors I 'm seriously considering casting . "
tr	NNS	The others give me the creeps , replaying short , captive image sequences in a frame .
tr	NNS	' Retired officers of the Indian Army , ' Bond had pronounced , ' can 't possibly understand the thought processes of a Burgess or a Maclean .
tr	NN	" You shall approach the craft in an arc , all the time searching for further clues and anything to aid the mission as a whole .
tr	NNS	The island has missiles against ships , planes and landing crafts .
tr	NN	" Well , thank goodness she woke up .
tr	NN	He turned the old pitted brass doorknob and it creaked open under its own weight .
tr	NNS	She saw the labels : St. John , Armani , Donna Karan , Escada .
tr	NN	" Told you , " Lace affirmed , " so shut your scrawny butt up . "
tr	NNS	Find the bite marks and tell the ambulance officers .
tr	NN	Your mother returned the deed to me .
tr	NNS	He noticed stains on his fingertips .
tr	NNS	He hadn 't seen his targets in a while , and he was right behind them a few minutes ago .
tr	NN	The demons must have defiled the furniture , and the Sent Ones must be waiting for a summons .
tr	NNS	Brain was continuously giving off signals on the communicator .
tr	NN	said the nurse who presented herself .
tr	NNS	Get your flight helmets on .
tr	NNS	" That 's wonderful , Buddy , just don 't take any chances .
tr	NN	I 've met my quota on lying for the month . "
tr	NN	Vampires didn 't have variable health .
tr	NN	What proof do we have ?
tr	NNS	On top of them had been heaped bikes , sinks , toilets , bed frames and mattresses .
tr	NN	" How can we possibly track down all that furniture ? "
tr	NN	He traded out a t-shirt for shoulder and chest padding .
tr	NNS	The shrubs cast gangly spines above the stained-glass windows and scraped the dormers with long , bristled thorns .
tr	NNS	Jewellery , panties , photos , rings , pressed roses , videotapes .
tr	NNS	We diverted our attentions to the myriad of muted televisions , each playing a different station : New and improved .
tr	NNS	Other than her work , some valued friends and her two daughters and grandchildren , she had few outside interests .
tr	NNS	You can 't cover all your tracks , Hannon .
tr	NN	" You 'll make a strong impression .
tr	NN	Her camera phone just wasn 't doing the view justice , but then again , maybe nothing ever could .
tr	NNS	You take dangerous chances .
tr	NN	Dan had the weirdest sensation , like his entire body was folding in on itself and being sucked into a vacuum .
tr	NN	Ken held the doorknob .
tr	NNS	Ok , I have new terms .
tr	NNS	The fourth line , parallel to the third , scraped both my nipples .
tr	NN	Toys and pieces of junk were scattered around the grounds , some closer to specific doors as if someone were actually laying claim to the trash .
tr	NNS	She had inherited funds from her mother , and she had made good money in her profession .
tr	NN	A few days ago he had been investigating a minor theft .
tr	NN	" We got a postcard six months later from Llano , Texas .
tr	NNS	He shifted positions and prayed for strength .
tr	NN	He feels betrayed or something .
tr	NNS	The feeling of impending doom crushed her insides when she realized she was trapped .
tr	NNS	She put the cards back in the box .
tr	NNS	In the dark , they could not see the probe pits .
tr	NNS	Besides , I have allies . "
tr	NN	Running my fingers through my hair , I grabbed my cap and placed it firmly on my head .
tr	NN	How 'd it would taste sweet and ... she heard a sharp intake of breath and her eyes flew up to his .
tr	NN	" Try the knob first . "
tr	NN	I am demanding full partnership status . "
tr	NNS	The adults severed all ties to the Elliot family when they went down , but Samantha 's friends didn 't .
tr	NNS	Outside on the veranda , Charlie and Marie find garden chairs and sit at an angle to each other in the half light .
tr	NNS	" I 've always found his reports to be extremely accurate . "
tr	NNS	He had perfected his irrigation methods here , and now water was pumped in from a massive underground cistern to provide green things in all seasons .
tr	NN	I really appreciate your advice . '
tr	NN	The creature had felt pity for him , or empathy , or something .
tr	NNS	" How about a thousand dollars an hour ? "
tr	NNS	Are you pulling weeds ?
tr	NN	Sarah shifted her pillow .
tr	NN	Then he took the man 's pistol , lifted the weapon , and delivered a quick strike to the temple .
tr	NNS	" Would you do the honors ? "
tr	NN	Dagmar felt panic sweep through her , her body trembling as she stared at the dead queen .
tr	NN	Vinny ignored the attitude , and said , " Lucky for you , I am presently free .
tr	NNS	Many Council members had drivers or assistants with them , now , posing as bodyguards .
tr	NN	I don 't have the patience to be good at it . "
tr	NNS	Aren 't we close companions , dear friend ?
tr	NNS	You don 't have connections in New York .
tr	NNS	He sent out advance elements a few days ago , and he left Maga Renn with the bulk of his army just yesterday .
tr	NNS	The liquid hadn 't stolen his powers .
tr	NNS	As she entered the latitude and longitude of the image , she recognized the numbers .
tr	NN	From that , Steve lit a second candle and tossed three pieces of wood on the fire .
tr	NNS	I stayed tight too , my blades spinning in the purple light .
tr	NNS	Vampire bats , to be exact , flying hundreds of feet over the countryside !
tr	NN	Adam ignored her outburst and turned to Tony and Paul and said , " Tony .
tr	NN	It raised a scroll to her .
tr	NNS	He ran his palms along my thighs , then back to my knees , his thumbs grazing the insides .
tr	NN	Normally , a captain never questioned the quartermaster in front of the crew or vice versa .
tr	NN	He ignored her rejection of the new project and continued on as if she hadn 't said anything at all .
tr	NNS	Nita pulled down her goggles and looked to where his weapon pointed .
tr	NN	He glanced askance at her .
tr	NN	I turned my glare on him , and he wilted back .
tr	NN	Johannes raised his pistol and fired at the container without warning .
tr	NNS	More than once I heard paper ripping , and Noelle winced as a guard tore through the pages of a book she had under her pillow .
tr	NNS	At lunchtime , Charlie had sandwiches delivered to them from the diner in town .
tr	NN	This time when his hand dipped lower , it found its goal .
tr	NN	My hands were tucked against a hard stomach , resting near the head of a beautifully scaled green dragon .
tr	NN	Shoot the mistress witch .
tr	NNS	I 've got a few tricks up my sleeve too .
tr	NNS	I shot the dogs out , but more flocked to the scent of fresh , poisoned blood .
tr	NNS	" We 've had some protectors gone missing while hunting for the nest also . "
tr	NNS	Katherine tossed off the covers and crept out from the warmth of her bed .
tr	NN	She expected an argument , but if Rush had any objection he didn 't voice it .
tr	NNS	" Don 't call me that , " I say viciously .
tr	NN	It was then she felt a shaking sensation beneath her feet .
tr	NNS	Carol wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	She fluttered her long eyelashes .
tr	NNS	" Church overhead , don 't the priests have like , underground libraries or something ?
tr	NN	He enjoyed his solitude only a short while before Jason joined him .
tr	NNS	I spent many long car rides creating epic tales of sword-wielding heroines and the strong men who stood by their sides .
tr	NN	The massive oak furniture that filled the room carried not a speck of dust and the air smelled faintly of beeswax and lemons .
tr	NNS	Didn 't he have millions of dollars worth of property ?
tr	NNS	The doctor stopped the patients screaming with a small oxygen mask .
tr	NN	Now he gave a low , threatening growl .
tr	NNS	Then he aimed and let out his breath , firing two shots .
tr	NNS	He could pick up martial arts skills at any local studio for a couple hundred bucks .
tr	NNS	" How shall we enter the androids ? "
tr	NN	" Put that incense out , please .
tr	NNS	A day-old beard emphasized the hardness .
tr	NNS	She felt butterflies in her stomach at his touch .
tr	NN	I 've only got one Bell uniform , but I can head over to his place after I 've finished and hand it to him . '
tr	NN	Except I didn 't find solace in the big , brooding structure .
tr	NN	Lilla took pity on us and running to the cart , found an axe then ran with it to the workshop door .
tr	NNS	And when he finished rescuing her , he would kiss her senseless and wring her little neck for putting him through this torture .
tr	NNS	He had practical skills and ambitions and always seemed straightforward .
tr	NNS	A few goat cheese stuffed dates and pitchers of sangria later and he was being humped up against a slimy brick wall next to the trash cans .
tr	NNS	And while this seemed a bit far-fetched to Hank , he 'd heard all sorts of wild tails from the old timers .
tr	NN	At least she wasn 't dismissing Christine 's claim out of hand , though she gave no sign that she believed it .
tr	NNS	I won millions of dollars at poker tournaments around the world .
tr	NNS	She turned the reins over to her good hand and stretched the arm surreptitiously , trying to loosen it up .
tr	NNS	She gave it several short bursts , fury shaking her hand , but her aim was perfect .
tr	NN	Finally , he took a handful and splashed himself over the head and face .
tr	NN	He shouldered his backpack and started walking due south alongside the track .
tr	NNS	We ran the numbers through the Project Infinity machine , but we didn 't get the same results .
tr	NNS	The two did their familiar greetings , laughed and giggled because their get-togethers always brought back childhood memories .
tr	NN	He made a gesture of dismissal .
tr	NN	Kaden and Nicolas went up and over the high railing surrounding the wide porch .
tr	NN	Frankly , I needed the anchor .
tr	NN	They had a Michelin star chef on staff and were always given amazing reviews in all the right newspapers and magazines .
tr	NN	He slid a quarter into a pay phone and dialed a familiar number .
tr	NNS	The harbor has a few ships anchored for the day .
tr	NN	" Cut the crap .
tr	NNS	( Should I call them twins ?
tr	NNS	" They have servants to do this . "
tr	NNS	My sisters rarely discussed politics , although a storm was brewing with the south over slavery .
tr	NN	I flipped up the rifle and fired without sighting .
tr	NNS	I cut off all ties with him after that .
tr	NN	" I liked your speech .
tr	NN	I had just defied my Alpha in a very public arena , in front of our enemy .
tr	NN	A fallen tree made a welcomed bench .
tr	NN	So he began digging through his own treasure chest looking for something , anything , familiar .
tr	NNS	" I see all these little buildings ... all these little dots moving in the water , and this green pointy thing . "
tr	NN	Will carefully put the painting back and opened the door .
tr	NNS	" Pia and I were just discussing the terms of her employment . "
tr	NN	He finished his juice and rinsed the glass .
tr	NN	The large rosemary plant earned a top shelf location with its bushy leaves .
tr	NNS	She drew both her daggers .
tr	NNS	They hitched the mules and dragged the wagon to safety .
tr	NNS	Overdose Potassium Chloride pulled up pages of material .
tr	NN	Simon moved the falcon to a higher perch , and stifled the cry of the animal .
tr	NN	" We 'll merely circle the block . "
tr	NN	The servant drew a knot of braid matching my scabbard around my waist .
tr	NNS	Firstly , we attach the propulsion drivers onto the back of each cart at a forty-five degree angle , as I 've said .
tr	NN	She gave the mare a treat and petted her nose for a moment before climbing up effortlessly .
tr	NNS	Dori licked her whiskers , growled softly in thanks and leapt from the deck to the top of the fence before jumping down into the adjoining yard .
tr	NN	You , on the other hand , have international credibility .
tr	NNS	He caught up a couple blocks down .
tr	NN	A shiver of foreboding crept down my spine when Rosemary 's black eyebrows shot into her hairline .
tr	NNS	" I have two sons .
tr	NNS	" I 've got better accommodations in mind for us . "
tr	NN	I signal the bartender , who is watching me with nothing less than hostility .
tr	NNS	" He searches the halls of permanence . "
tr	NNS	Do not worry , I do have brains and have managed quite well without guidance of any kind for centuries .
tr	NNS	During the year , she had attended other race meetings with Jack , at Royal Randwick and at Rosehill Gardens in Sydney .
tr	NN	She shrugged and cut a chunk of cheese , sliding it onto her tongue from the back of her knife .
tr	NNS	" Okay , she 's got some brains , so what ? "
tr	NN	That changed the woman 's demeanor measurably .
tr	NNS	" We 're having twins . "
tr	NNS	I laid all my fears before him .
tr	NN	Other memories surfaced : Mikhail 's frenzied feeding , her mouth pressed hungrily over his heart .
tr	NN	His thumb strokes my knuckles and he is speaking more to himself than to me .
tr	NN	That he made a two hundred drachma leap told me he had no faith in the outcome .
tr	NN	What manner of man was he ?
tr	NNS	They wore brown gowns that showed that they were wizards of the order ( like law enforcement agents ) .
tr	NNS	The mouth had thick golden scales .
tr	NNS	His hands stopped aerial maneuvers and landed on the bed .
tr	NNS	The Night Wings are doing some stress maneuvers , and then they 'll test the targeting system . "
tr	NN	Rachel snuck a peek at his handsome face again in the mirror .
tr	NNS	Everyone has their own difficulties and to impose contrived challenges on other people just because things were hard for you is terrible , really .
tr	NN	He grabbed an old dusty notepad off the shelf , and a quill pen , and threw them across the room .
tr	NN	He then shouldered his assault rifle and shifted sideways , staying clear of the sonic cannon 's blast .
tr	NNS	He made excellent points .
tr	NN	I could give you another massage . "
tr	NNS	He handed Nick more pages .
tr	NN	" Thanks , but I have a lunch appointment .
tr	NN	The man gave a snort and took a step closer , mimicking her move , then he regarded her with unveiled scorn .
tr	NNS	They were getting nearer .
tr	NNS	Whoever wanted to help cover up Olivia 's death , or lack thereof , had big pockets .
tr	NNS	" For your losses . "
tr	NNS	" He used his illusions to make three of our nobles appear as the three of you .
tr	NNS	He pried three loose boards up , revealing , just as Max promised , a small gun safe .
tr	NNS	A short gravel lane led maybe a hundred yards to the asphalt road .
tr	NN	That would shake the pudding up and get her mind right ! "
tr	NN	" I served a Queen before I turned rogue .
tr	NN	It holds his anchor to this realm .
tr	NN	I could often feel the twitch of the fangs in my mouth or the faint lust for blood .
tr	NN	Ethan tossed out the first argument that came to mind to keep Kelly safe from the greatest threat of all .
tr	NNS	Several times they passed large vessels .
tr	NNS	You 've broken far more hearts than I 've ever cut into . "
tr	NNS	To this day , I can remember her complaints about him , but her words , as they are now , had always been tinged with affection .
tr	NNS	" What do you mean it 's twenty-five dollars for Perrier ?
tr	NNS	Don 't you have investments to handle and personal matters to deal with ? "
tr	NNS	We both left our houses at the same time , and walked until we met up .
tr	NN	Someone had thoughtfully draped the union flag over it before it had been flown back to London .
tr	NN	" You 'd better sit down a sec , " he said , " and let me tell you about Al Schwartz . "
tr	NNS	The coroner 's report confirmed his worst fears , that Chris was a pot smoking waste of space .
tr	NN	He wrapped a hand towel around James 's palm .
tr	NN	She released another little snort and said , " Nice . "
tr	NN	" So you haven ´ t seen them then ? "
tr	NNS	Her eyes wander up the shelves as she turns in a full circle , imagining all her stray arrows sticking out of ancient books .
tr	NN	He felt a cool breeze on his face and realised he 'd tottered out into the open air .
tr	NNS	The war between her kind and the Others had ended centuries ago .
tr	NN	At one point , I take the vial and stare at the black liquid , bubbling inside the glass .
tr	NN	If there was another will , she probably would have kept a file for herself . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , Your Lordship ? "
tr	NN	He started pacing , pulling at his jet-black hair as guilt washed through me .
tr	NNS	It saved our hides from the humans . "
tr	NN	Although that was only what I 'd expected , I did feel a pang .
tr	NNS	" Remember those shots they took of us when we were recording ? "
tr	NN	He confirms Duval 's assessment .
tr	NN	He got off the treadmill , grabbed a chilled bottle of Evian from the minibar , and walked back to his chair .
tr	NNS	Books of every description filled the floor-to-ceiling shelves that flanked the fireplace , and an imported tapestry cloaked the opposite wall with its splendor .
tr	NN	I had the urge to laugh , the urge to cry .
tr	NN	Achilles himself wore golden armour in battle , shining amidst the black armour of his men .
tr	NNS	Not even a nod , but Amun changed directions .
tr	NNS	" I don 't get butterflies ! "
tr	NNS	" It pays seventeen dollars a week .
tr	NNS	Investigations disproved all their claims .
tr	NN	Staffan 's virulent look made her flinch .
tr	NN	Delicate hands smoothly traced the cherry wood railing .
tr	NNS	He listened to the sound the traders made .
tr	NNS	Moving around the room , Annie made other changes in preparation for her next client .
tr	NNS	I search the aisles for a while but can 't find him anywhere .
tr	NN	When the batteries run out for your puppet there , I will take our flag and frak your plastic ass with the pole . "
tr	NNS	If this worked they would be ready to proceed with installing the long range transducer panels .
tr	NN	The green glow from my sword and shield gave me a small purchase in the haze .
tr	NN	The sound made her head ache .
tr	NN	Thank god for her .
tr	NNS	" You copied the designs exactly ? "
tr	NNS	Because of patient confidentiality , Will never discussed specifics with Adam .
tr	NN	Some were torn lengthwise , cotton innards spilling onto the floor .
tr	NNS	His mind darted a million different directions in half a second , but nothing made sense .
tr	NN	I stepped over the railing and took a cautious step towards it .
tr	NNS	My part in orchestrating this nationally televised wedding is done , thank heavens . "
tr	NN	" I need a condom . "
tr	NNS	But can we sell apples if we are given peanuts .
tr	NNS	They exited Dunne 's offices and Ty led her out onto the street .
tr	NNS	After all , we do have a few scores to settle with our dear Queen and I intend to not disappoint her this time around . "
tr	NNS	He flipped a few more pages .
tr	NNS	In every picture of the dogs I saw her hearts , the spade , the club and the diamond shaped splotches .
tr	NNS	I let out a hiss of frustration .
tr	NNS	His kisses assaulted my senses as he swirled his tongue down the side of my neck .
tr	NNS	" I have clients coming in . "
tr	NN	She pocketed the fortune and quickly ate the cookie .
tr	NNS	My grandmother loves their garlic stuffed olives .
tr	NN	Bennett stopped pacing and looked at me , concern in his eyes .
tr	NN	However , these children have the potential to have just as much fun as anyone .
tr	NN	" Besides , the test boasts the highest accuracy rate of all the in-home brands . "
tr	NN	I have never used the phrase time crunch before .
tr	NN	Then she offered him a confession .
tr	NNS	Just hold the reins , lean forward , and hug the horse tight .
tr	NNS	Meir confirmed my suspicions with a groan .
tr	NN	Cid removed his cap to indicate a fresh cut oozing blood .
tr	NN	The Guardians were back at The Blood Keep wreaking their havoc there .
tr	NN	Sean caressed the hilt while he scanned the faces of the other Shifters .
tr	NNS	" He gave us directions . "
tr	NN	Her dark and lovely eyes watched the duck with what could charitably be termed extreme skepticism .
tr	NNS	They drank three beers in the sports bar as Jerry lost a hundred dollars on a hockey game .
tr	NNS	" The seconds will work out the terms of the duel .
tr	NNS	She could easily crawl off the mattress without disturbing him , whereas he didn 't have a hope of doing the same .
tr	NN	To Pippin 's surprise he found that much of the talk was intelligible many of the Orcs were using ordinary language .
tr	NN	Do not try my patience further . "
tr	NN	When they peered in , they saw a coffin .
tr	NNS	" I want all the current reports on the reservations , payrolls , occupancy , and a breakdown of the food and beverage costs . "
tr	NNS	They felt drops of water falling on their skin .
tr	NNS	Ashley shoved her palms against his chest .
tr	NN	I shot Natalia a glare right back but curled up the corners of my mouth .
tr	NN	I pluck Gage 's t-shirt from off the floor and hold it over my bra .
tr	NNS	I would rather Kimber not have her powers .
tr	NNS	When she said , " I 'll do the dishes . "
tr	NNS	Looking up the path , I can see more buildings thru the trees and hear that music playing .
tr	NN	The same servants who were mysteriously absent now should have performed the deed .
tr	NN	Pillows filled the alcove , and I couldn 't help thinking that Orson must spend a great deal of time reading in that dormer nook .
tr	NN	" Isn 't he the guy that invented basketball ? "
tr	NN	A yes , and weirdly , she felt a little cheered .
tr	NN	He actually put his pencil down , so great was his concern .
tr	NNS	Daniel whipped the reins , urging the horses into a gallop .
tr	NNS	He then silently touched a few contacts on the keyboard to his right , and the large screen 's image vanished .
tr	NN	We did our duty .
tr	NNS	Or am I just making assumptions ?
tr	NNS	One by one , he produced nearly a dozen knives that he had hidden about his person .
tr	NNS	The next passing weeks brought more changes to Anna 's body .
tr	NN	With his sword still locked up with Edo 's he had no protection as Edo drove his foot hard into his chest .
tr	NNS	He parted her thighs and positioned his body so that his head was above her pelvis .
tr	NNS	I have modest skills , but they are just that .
tr	NNS	What had prayers to do with the thing thai I was ?
tr	NN	' He costs a fortune !
tr	NNS	So I kind of hate large crowds or auditoriums and baby grand pianos . "
tr	NN	He took the on - ramp onto I-5 , heading toward downtown .
tr	NN	Chapter 12 Jessie When it came to sleeping with Heather , I lost all willpower .
tr	NNS	" As tempting as that offer is , I 'll take my chances out here . "
tr	NN	Well , he had been waving his stuffed bunny in the air and hit himself in the face with it , but close enough .
tr	NNS	He bent his head to taste her , his wet hair bathing her inner thighs as he dragged her body closer to him .
tr	NNS	Tin enhanced her senses , making it easier for her to see in the night .
tr	NN	She gasped , her eyes narrowing .
tr	NNS	You crazies have filled her brains with this nonsense !
tr	NN	She didn 't serve the devil .
tr	NN	He smacked her butt and said , " On second thought , don 't get dressed .
tr	NNS	She scanned the pages , confirming that she hadn 't forgotten anything .
tr	NN	He looked up the hill towards the stream flowing into the water in which he was imprisoned .
tr	NNS	He meant these prayers , but he did not deeply feel them .
tr	NNS	Stunned , I felt dizzy , and sat on the ground , a few feet from Liam .
tr	NN	I raise the communicator to my ear , but the sinking feeling in my stomach has more to do with Elder 's message than the descending elevator .
tr	NNS	I ran the fifty yards to the barn .
tr	NN	Relocate the tape at least a hundred yards in every direction .
tr	NN	She coldly accepted this fate .
tr	NN	You have such great talent , child . "
tr	NNS	" But you haven 't heard his conditions yet . "
tr	NN	He dragged my earlobe through his teeth and then blew on my neck , causing a riot of shivers .
tr	NNS	" Oh gods ! "
tr	NNS	" Southside patrol has spotted enemy movements , sir ! "
tr	NN	She picked up a cracker covered in an elaborate pile of cheese and caviar .
tr	NN	I placed Pedro 's cage in a warm corner of the bedroom and told him we 'd be right back .
tr	NNS	Angelina gave him directions to the same spot that two days earlier had been a sight of emergency vehicles , law enforcement and yellow tape .
tr	NN	" Doesn 't accomplish my goal . "
tr	NNS	The excitement on the young girl 's face distracted both sisters from their discussion .
tr	NNS	She wanted babies she could watch grow , and she wanted his brothers to be their uncles in every sense of the word .
tr	NN	It came up the harbor with its crew working the ship .
tr	NNS	We even improvised chairs of a sort for everybody but Samuel , so there was no need to kill him for his lawn chair .
tr	NNS	" But shouldn 't we have more protectors with us ? "
tr	NNS	He 'd destroyed her illusions .
tr	NN	How do we withstand a siege ?
tr	NNS	Some held rolled scrolls , others engraved tablets .
tr	NNS	I 'm counting shots .
tr	NNS	Down the third archway I encountered two more narrow corridors .
tr	NNS	Most of the people there had brought folding lawn chairs or blankets , but we 'd brought nothing .
tr	NN	The heat of him , the smell of the rain on him , made my breath quicken .
tr	NNS	" You did not curse the gods until after Aeron was summoned .
tr	NN	He twirls a strand of my hair around his finger .
tr	NNS	As his taxi melted back into the snarled traffic , he surveyed his surroundings .
tr	NN	She saw the unmistakable tells of a man who believes he has won and she finished her proposal .
tr	NNS	The musky sent of her sex met his senses before he forced her legs aside to make room for him .
tr	NN	Why did that cause such a pang inside her chest ?
tr	NNS	And then he could hear the first few drops finding leaves both in the trees and on the ground .
tr	NNS	James discarded our cleaned plates on the tray , covering it and shoving it back out of the room .
tr	NN	She set down the still wrapped package and broke the letter 's wax seal .
tr	NN	Kayla opens the fridge , closing it once she takes out what she needs .
tr	NNS	Connor caught the apples and bit into one .
tr	NN	" We had a little disagreement about some money .
tr	NN	He felt a strange urge to pat her on the head .
tr	NNS	Slowly , he lifted Jess , standing himself .
tr	NNS	He set off at a run , his feet digging deep trenches in the soft ground as he shot through the glen with inhuman speed .
tr	NN	As you know , he already has enough health to support the existing crew , so this desire must be bargained for . "
tr	NNS	The man who 'd held the reins until his death , when Ethan took over .
tr	NNS	The satellite images that Derek and Mick were studying showed the typical storm spirals of clouds spinning outwards in an anticlockwise direction .
tr	NNS	She hasn 't got runes to keep her strong like we do . "
tr	NNS	You 've been holding back key data from the start . "
tr	NNS	" We raise cattle ; child but we do grow corn as well . "
tr	NNS	She had fewer issues on the streets than a lot of female cops .
tr	NN	The air smelled faintly of lemon oil and ammonia .
tr	NN	I get the impression that he 's waiting for something . "
tr	NNS	He was feeling strangely dizzy already and was alarmed .
tr	NNS	You didn 't leave any other directions , so I simply obtained a plain sample .
tr	NN	Then somewhere in that mob below us somebody blew a horn .
tr	NNS	She 'd kept tabs on him , but also kept her distance , not wanting him to realize who she was or why she was there .
tr	NN	I 'd always considered my Sight a curse , something that I feared and hated and wished I didn 't have .
tr	NN	Even beneath the earth he would feel the prickly sensation that threatened to burn his skin , yet he was perfectly comfortable .
tr	NNS	I 'd like my balls to be in good working condition later . "
tr	NN	Squeezing my fingers around the ring , I stopped a groan from escaping .
tr	NNS	The halls had glass floors , which looked straight down to the courtyard below .
tr	NN	As she gazed at him , the seconds lengthening , Ion felt a strange compressing sensation inside him .
tr	NNS	has all the figures on how much business we 're doing .
tr	NNS	A look that said he had his suspicions where I had been , and what I 'd been doing .
tr	NN	" Can you pop the trunk for me ? "
tr	NNS	Belle took deep breaths to soothe herself .
tr	NNS	Things loomed in on her , she saw the buildings caving in , a mass concrete grave .
tr	NN	" Because we actually have a deadline , here . "
tr	NN	Fighter training only reinforced that supreme self-confidence .
tr	NN	He had absolute faith not only in her integrity but also in her expertise .
tr	NNS	If we succeed , it will strengthen both our psychic abilities and we 'll be better equipped to defend ourselves .
tr	NNS	What do you think you are doing , gentlemen ? '
tr	NN	Captain Banks picked up Sacha 's passport again and examined it .
tr	NN	Maybe she was wearing an outfit that really stood out . "
tr	NN	" I should really go and get my swimsuit . "
tr	NNS	As soon as I give you the signal , we need the raids for all of the targets to be synchronised .
tr	NNS	He had already overcome his main fears with sudden impulsive acts of courage .
tr	NN	They can even feel fond of a lover , like an owner with a pet .
tr	NNS	The rest of us , with all the Xs , had our noses pressed to the glass .
tr	NNS	I can see their silhouettes from here .
tr	NNS	I 'll make my own travel arrangements closer to the time .
tr	NNS	She thrust the items toward the others .
tr	NNS	" They kill innocents .
tr	NN	At length I said , " The cost for the entire effort to become at doctor without a specialty is over one million dollars .
tr	NN	I opened the lid .
tr	NNS	Carolina rises and brushes the creases that sitting has caused from her dress .
tr	NNS	' So why the remarks about her being old enough to be my mam ? '
tr	NNS	Postal boxes were torn off their concrete platforms , becoming another hazard for motorists and pedestrians alike .
tr	NNS	We both missed chances at doing things we wanted because I forgot about those types of defenses . "
tr	NN	Rose 's future self had arranged the purchase of this property through someone that implicitly trusted her and followed the complicated set of instructions given .
tr	NNS	Her head lifted just a few inches .
tr	NN	Makeup , coffee , and bottles created a Pollock painting of stuff .
tr	NN	She gave a little shrug with one shoulder .
tr	NNS	Should he tell lies about the cancers still sweeping the silo population ?
tr	NN	Turning away with a muttered curse , I find a comb .
tr	NNS	Cover your noses and mouths with damp cloths .
tr	NNS	Only now , in addition to an insatiable hunger for human flesh , they were walking dirty bombs .
tr	NNS	" It would double the assets of the company overnight .
tr	NNS	But beyond that , it will also offer educational opportunities that we hope will allow them to get off the streets and stay off them . "
tr	NNS	Who doctors the doctors ? "
tr	NN	" It 's climbing rope .
tr	NNS	The long sticks had wide points that were alien , having no relation to the stick itself .
tr	NN	The company has a very impressive technology department .
tr	NN	Don , t you see the perfection of it ?
tr	NN	He gave her a towel and remained relaxed .
tr	NN	The mayor breaks off mid-sentence .
tr	NNS	Perhaps , she has merely overreached her abilities a little and the effects will pass . "
tr	NN	Without headphones she found the bickering , striving chaos of the lunchroom unbearable .
tr	NN	Beyond him , the columns of trees from High Forest were losing their blue haze .
tr	NN	His mother had a penchant for making the most delicious peanut butter blossom cookies .
tr	NN	Clutching a hand to his chest , the ninja offers one final phrase .
tr	NN	He finished the last slice of Noah 's sausage .
tr	NN	I just didn 't tell anybody . "
tr	NN	Ruby jumped off the cart and crossed the street .
tr	NN	Castilla shook off a shudder .
tr	NN	I ejected the magazine , pulled the spare from the pocket , slapped it in , and thumbed the release forward .
tr	NNS	" I still don 't know about this , " Rafe said , his defenses understandably high .
tr	NN	Then suddenly we heard a blast of the plane crashing , and it was on fire and that part of the forest also .
tr	NNS	Alexius was glaring daggers at her from across the table , and Cora was definitely on her side .
tr	NNS	Until Ren used his fireballs to light the torches , which were spaced out every few feet on the earthen walls decorated with thousands of prehistoric glyphs .
tr	NNS	I get out my supplies .
tr	NN	I 'll not let harm come to him , if I can help it . "
tr	NN	Zeke mentioned the control room 's location in passing a few days ago .
tr	NNS	" Just relax and take slow , even breaths . "
tr	NN	She read the intelligence in that gleam , the cunning , along with a raw hunger .
tr	NN	He held the receiver in one hand and hit the speaker button with the other .
tr	NN	Most of it has long since stopped functioning , of course , as the people who knew how to repair it are long dead .
tr	NNS	Separated into tables of military and non-military men and women , they each took their positions and sat , still chatting among themselves .
tr	NN	As soon as Anthony started toward him in the security cart , he threw down his shovel and ran off . "
tr	NN	Cats and dogs couldn 't consume chocolate and for Yolanda that was an ingredient she used most of the time .
tr	NNS	This sent Declan flying backwards , clutching at his wounded areas .
tr	NNS	His family give me the creeps .
tr	NNS	And she was making terrible assumptions .
tr	NNS	She could hear his movements but couldn 't make out more than a dark figure .
tr	NN	How about you get a babysitter for Mia and I take you out to dinner tonight .
tr	NN	The son bore little physical resemblance to the father .
tr	NNS	At the same time , her sisters were asking Mortimer the same sorts of questions .
tr	NN	Quickly focusing the swirling darkness into a concentrated beam , he fires a colossal blast of energy , tearing open the dimensional doorway to the Sacred Realm .
tr	NNS	In astronomy , greatly improved optical instruments enabled important discoveries to be made .
tr	NN	She picked up the candle .
tr	NNS	Pack up your armies and go home - and if this breaks out again , I 'll come back .
tr	NNS	" No , but I saw a few tracks , and I heard them too .
tr	NN	Attending to daily chores proves a difficult task .
tr	NN	She gave his hand a squeeze and waited for him to look at her .
tr	NNS	Statues of winged children held torches on pillars .
tr	NN	" Let 's just chalk that little outburst up to weariness , okay , Hal ? "
tr	NNS	Through the glass in the doors at the front , I could see folks standing in the middle of the aisle in the next car up .
tr	NNS	If there was a third guard , he would see the marks of her passage , but it couldn 't be helped .
tr	NNS	I 'm preparing messengers to send to Father . "
tr	NN	For dramatic effect , he stood and began pacing slowly toward the blubbering man , never blinking , never letting him escape his gaze .
tr	NNS	The engineers team had happily taken plasma torches to the thing and reduced it to three neatly stacked piles of metal .
tr	NN	I 'd gotten the impression she was more of a wild party girl than a reader .
tr	NNS	He had three long , thin braids that fell from his left temple down to the middle of his chest .
tr	NN	For her , Tully chose the nicest of the cards she 'd bought .
tr	NNS	I had my suspicions but I wasn 't really sure .
tr	NN	She was already wearing a long t-shirt that hung on her , and she didn 't spend any time finding something different .
tr	NNS	She took ten thousand dollars your father had in his office , and disappeared .
tr	NNS	" Promise me , don 't give up , and use those cards .
tr	NNS	They wouldn 't shoot down messengers from Fuchs . "
tr	NNS	Only a small percentage of stars had developed planetary systems , and of these only a small percentage were even capable of supporting life .
tr	NNS	They carried blades of light and wore the dark , tough clothing of - " Shadowhunters ? "
tr	NN	He took up his rifle and glassed the fence under the canopy of trees , tracked it for a quarter mile .
tr	NN	What could they ever offer the world other than bad art and worse philosophy ? "
tr	NNS	I held the pages over a powerful light bulb , and up to the sunlight , but I could find nothing .
tr	NN	You know , digging for some weird psychological profile for your article . "
tr	NNS	Clearly thieving had its benefits .
tr	NNS	The Pack had seven offices in Atlanta and the surrounding area and every single one of those would have clean windows .
tr	NNS	With all their greatness one human , the Son of God , came and dispelled all the notions of who they thought they were .
tr	NN	It worked , I could see her jaw clench .
tr	NNS	So either you played cards or knit at night , or went to bed .
tr	NN	What if a dude performs a slam about a bad breakup , but then he gets over it and moves on ?
tr	NNS	" Meaning , if you want to talk to a shifter on poker night , you must play cards with the boys . "
tr	NN	Tabitha dropped the receiver as if were on fire , then buried her face in her hands .
tr	NNS	The mooks were making tracks , looking for their missing friends and the heroes .
tr	NNS	Didn 't cats leave sinking ships ?
tr	NNS	She 'd already canceled her credit cards ; it was too late to save them .
tr	NNS	What better credentials could a suitor have than being the son of your best friend 's wife , Archer ? "
tr	NN	I snatched the frame from Jamie 's hand .
tr	NN	I get the impression these aren 't the type of people you negotiate with . "
tr	NN	She also made another appointment for early March , about six weeks away .
tr	NNS	Her buttocks lifted several inches off the saddle and slammed down repeatedly .
tr	NNS	" Then you 'll keep tabs on her ? "
tr	NNS	Anita showed off her fangs , and Simone took off running .
tr	NNS	" Did you read the reports I sent ? "
tr	NNS	" A couple of trusted servants , Grand Master Shultz , the commander of my Home Guard , Sir Timothy , and Isaac .
tr	NN	As for Declan , I knew the potential he had and the life that knocked him around .
tr	NNS	The brackets had huge fins that would help dissipate the excess heat from the diamond .
tr	NNS	It didn 't have gems .
tr	NNS	" I don 't own any romance novels , but I hope this can make up for it . "
tr	NN	This room even smelled the same , like vanilla hand soap .
tr	NN	After a moment , he pulled out a small , dead fish .
tr	NNS	That diversion won 't keep the bats away long .
tr	NN	He shot another bolt of lightning from his other hand , but it fell far from the trees , scorching the ground but not reaching his attackers .
tr	NN	Each man grabbed an item and headed for the rum barrels .
tr	NN	He 'd dropped the rifle !
tr	NNS	Fitted Suit nudged the other band members .
tr	NNS	We hid our marks .
tr	NNS	Tench made some weak attempts to change the subject , while Sexton kept pressing her on the NASA budget .
tr	NNS	Mothers pushed strollers , men walked their dogs .
tr	NN	Finally he had finished the task he had been set .
tr	NN	I actually have a little confession to make . "
tr	NN	He couldn 't stop vomiting , and when nothing else would come up , he just kept dry heaving .
tr	NNS	I do have a few leads to follow up on .
tr	NN	General Saunders , who was the jet 's pilot , and Joe Bishop , the West Coast Head of the National Security Agency , exited the aircraft .
tr	NNS	Can 't have him thinking his crappy band 's got more gigs than us . '
tr	NNS	The suitcase was flipping off my efforts .
tr	NN	He scoops up a wing and takes a large bite .
tr	NN	We took great joy in riding them ! "
tr	NNS	The band of the fox watched the two armies from the fortress .
tr	NN	I held back a snort .
tr	NN	He got his first tooth at five months and took his first steps at nine .
tr	NNS	His hands trailed down my thighs , moving gingerly under my skirt and up to my waistline .
tr	NNS	Also we will be taking added items like salt up with us until we find an asteroid or planet that has sodium chloride on it .
tr	NNS	" You 've got some balls . "
tr	NN	She felt fluid drip of its snout onto her tongue .
tr	NN	He 'd sensed her discomfort and offered her a chance to compose herself away from prying eyes .
tr	NN	" Take the highway , if that 's what you prefer .
tr	NNS	You will have no complaints . "
tr	NN	She smothered a groan and wiped her top lip , which was beaded with sweat .
tr	NNS	How could he possibly satisfy the cravings of a being like Star ?
tr	NNS	My shoes must 've sprouted needles , because walking hurt .
tr	NNS	His grip on Jace 's wrist left bloody smears .
tr	NN	He gave her an irritated smirk .
tr	NN	" Did I just save the Queen of England 's life ? "
tr	NNS	She flashed her fangs at me .
tr	NNS	" Oh , thank the gods . "
tr	NNS	How do we stop the bats ? "
tr	NNS	One moment of heroism could undo centuries of secrecy . "
tr	NNS	" Bring her strawberries and fresh fruit from the Pike Place Market . "
tr	NNS	You know the fresh foods come in almost daily . "
tr	NN	She didn 't glare , and that was a first .
tr	NN	I wrap a curl of her hair around my finger and give it a little tug .
tr	NN	" Chained to the floor of hell and fed off for all eternity , " Sam said softly ... realization in his voice .
tr	NN	I rolled the condom on and slowly climbed back between her legs .
tr	NN	He threw open the closet and began to rip his clothes down from the hangers .
tr	NNS	" You hate cats . "
tr	NNS	Shawn kicked off his sandals and sat on the edge , dangling his legs .
tr	NN	While holding him there and applying rhythmic suction , she pressed a ridge directly behind his balls ... and he came in a rush .
tr	NN	But she likes her independence .
tr	NNS	Through his cruelty and misdeeds , the king had bred his ten thousand wolves : each one living in the heart of a courtier .
tr	NNS	Victor yanked the covers from the bed .
tr	NNS	It was made up of military leaders , scientists , even folks from the government .
tr	NN	The commissioner tapped a pen on the desk .
tr	NN	A couple of slugs struck my vest .
tr	NN	I bundled the thick comforter near my face and grimaced against the sadness thickening my throat .
tr	NNS	Penelope blocked Violet 's evil subjects from approaching with her shield power , which radiated a burning red light that kept them at bay .
tr	NN	" They run the factory above the capacity , but the chemical waste treatment plant doesn 't have that much capacity .
tr	NN	Micha has gotten enough publicity that the hardcore fans recognize me now .
tr	NN	Once the door was firmly closed behind the last of the mournful throng , Jared drew his dagger and approached the form in the bed .
tr	NNS	As the lights brightened , he saw the pillars clearly .
tr	NN	" And whipped cream ? "
tr	NNS	Ali inspected her fingernails , hoping Emily hadn 't seen any of the machinations of that .
tr	NNS	" Why would a man draw numbers ?
tr	NNS	Hali had no illusions about her own emotions .
tr	NN	I used my toe to rub over his growing erection in his shorts .
tr	NNS	Norman watched the numbers .
tr	NN	He drops his pen and folds his hands together .
tr	NN	" Can you leave the castle ? "
tr	NNS	Sometimes they give me the creeps .
tr	NNS	The smoke would too quickly fill up the domes , poisoning their precious air supply .
tr	NN	" You invaded her privacy !
tr	NNS	" We didn 't get enough dances . "
tr	NN	And as I watch them from my hidden perch above the cave , I squint and see her shine .
tr	NN	Something had reshaped her genetic code .
tr	NNS	Josh gave her thumbs up .
tr	NN	Captain Hodge lifted the receiver and pressed a code .
tr	NN	After dinner , Elizabeth played the piano for her aunt and uncle .
tr	NNS	When everyone returned indoors Jasper , striking as ever , dressed all in black satin and gold , immediately paid his courtly attentions to Lady Katherine .
tr	NN	I suddenly missed my old editor in Miami .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her palms against her legs .
tr	NN	Although it pained Lauren to do it , she 'd told the lawyer she had no more money to spend on her sister 's case .
tr	NN	In between bites , the roommate downed liquor .
tr	NNS	He ground the two coins against each other in his closed hand , knocking his knuckles against the single coin in his pocket .
tr	NN	The sweat on my back had the effect of an ice cube sliding down my spine as the chilly October air hit me .
tr	NNS	I checked the batteries of the recorder in my hand , making sure to tuck a few extra ones in my pocket just in case .
tr	NN	She was herself again - no more fox .
tr	NNS	I missed the geese and that summer I was sad , but later I got used to it and concentrated on the garden .
tr	NNS	" Now , can we discuss this like adults ? "
tr	NNS	Beyond that , I see various hallways branching , and signs pointing the way to different wards and portions of the complex .
tr	NNS	They have given the world nuclear accidents that have contaminated the food and drink of entire continents .
tr	NN	" Never underestimate the lesson of experience .
tr	NN	I grab my umbrella and pop it open .
tr	NN	Which left option three -- which I still preferred over the first one .
tr	NNS	A man will brave the fiercest dangers so long as there is a comrade on either side of him .
tr	NN	" I used your magazine for litter .
tr	NNS	She rotated the rover 's cameras .
tr	NN	It keeps any " bad vibes " out as she phrased it .
tr	NN	The big man tossed the towel aside and clasped his arms around his chest .
tr	NN	The faint sound of the campfire embers popping delivers a calming effect , and the village welcomes the quiet .
tr	NN	Iain fought the urge to follow her up and use his bulk to intimidate her , scare her .
tr	NNS	" While you have been catching up on your beauty sleep -- a commodity you have obviously been lacking -- I have been gathering supplies . "
tr	NN	I draw back the curtain and peer out the window .
tr	NNS	They are performing miracles with premature babies .
tr	NN	" Or , rather , I confess that I did not think at all , but made an assumption and did not confirm it . "
tr	NNS	" I like surprises . "
tr	NN	Perhaps he was plotting revenge .
tr	NN	Before she could say anything , she heard Jeff commanding Gustav to stay put .
tr	NNS	If she understood him , when they made love at any given time she would have two pairs of hands on her instead of just one .
tr	NNS	He 'd fought his captors hard , something that had appealed to her sadistic nature .
tr	NN	" I have a short rope which you can attach yourselves to .
tr	NN	The thought made her even hotter .
tr	NNS	She wears blue contacts , which intensify her eye color to an almost bizarre extent .
tr	NN	She could shout her independence all day long .
tr	NNS	We still have two more houses to visit in order to gather musical equipment and time consumes itself easily . "
tr	NNS	If footprints you can call the alien 's tracks .
tr	NNS	A stronger , braver person would cut all ties and walk away .
tr	NN	He liked the opera .
tr	NNS	" I see both canoes over there .
tr	NNS	When the first hound moaned in agony and began to shake violently , the second hound stepped back several paces and began to growl .
tr	NN	He loved this farm . '
tr	NNS	I saw the finger marks on his throat for the first time .
tr	NNS	Perez flipped his night-vision goggles into the up position on his forehead and said , " OK , Reacher 's gone .
tr	NNS	Then he placed 3 dollars on the counter .
tr	NN	Perry started the motorcycle and took to the road .
tr	NNS	Not to mention the bacteria that has to live in it first .
tr	NNS	Beth took out the lead wolves with the shotgun , and then slung it over her back in exchange for her rifle .
tr	NNS	But my dad was putting his three million dollars to work and he wanted the connections that came with having a daughter at that school .
tr	NNS	' What , like shuffling cards ? '
tr	NNS	Mandy felt drops on her cheek .
tr	NNS	At times she still felt scarred from that experience .
tr	NNS	She 'd had a dozen reports from as many specialists declaring her infertile .
tr	NN	Autumn followed the nurse through the double doors and past a row of glass cubicles .
tr	NNS	" I want scratch marks from you . "
tr	NN	Though the figure did not say a word , I took its meaning : ' Yes . '
tr	NN	She was losing her consciousness .
tr	NNS	" We had reports of two break-ins here and Miss Braithwaite denied they had happened .
tr	NN	She returned his salute .
tr	NN	I clearly saw a remembered version of Darren and Sammy and Lil goofing off on one of the bleachers that lined the lacquered floor .
tr	NN	Did humans gain some status among their own kind if they were allowed in the Courtyard 's Market Square ?
tr	NNS	Her smile turned sly .
tr	NN	Her words shot a bolt of pain in my gut .
tr	NN	" I have a video which shows how I do my work .
tr	NN	Firing a rocket launcher close range in a frigging tiny wooden barn ? "
tr	NN	Maybe I was having a breakdown and he -- what was I going to call him now ?
tr	NN	Then at nine fifteen he heard the heavy clump of a footstep -- -- his fucking tenant was up !
tr	NN	Stanley pushed away the fussing Groat and carefully took the pin from Moist 's fingers .
tr	NN	He managed a half shrug .
tr	NN	He picked up the basin and blanket and returned to the cabin .
tr	NN	I don 't want my method of dealing with grief to intrude on yours . '
tr	NN	" Are there any classes you 're taking this semester that you enjoy a lot ? "
tr	NN	This woman wore a turtleneck , even though it was eighty degrees out .
tr	NN	We detected your hack of the wireless router .
tr	NN	Her throat closing with pain , with regret , she resisted the urge to look back at Wade .
tr	NNS	" Do the servants you sent away know about the stairway ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll cut the hairs . "
tr	NNS	Besides , this wonderful esoteric Wicca surely had a few spells and potions to deal with any problems she might have ?
tr	NN	" Elissa , I can tell you 're getting the wrong impression here .
tr	NN	It smelled faintly of mice and methane .
tr	NN	They make a mockery of journalism . "
tr	NN	She traces her fingernail down my cheek .
tr	NN	" No matter the cost ? "
tr	NNS	" Sometimes , life doesn 't give us second chances , but there is always time for healing . "
tr	NN	Newton whirled the projector 's carousel .
tr	NN	With time , there might exist a grudging goodwill between them .
tr	NNS	His tongue parted my aching folds , caressing me with strokes that managed to be strong and demanding , yet soft as a cloud .
tr	NN	Let 's summit the hill .
tr	NNS	' I 'm learning all sorts of things on this trip . '
tr	NN	She let out a yawn and felt a little out of sorts from the dream .
tr	NNS	His eyes flashed dangerously .
tr	NNS	Steven no longer has any aspirations aside from saving up $ 12 a week to buy a bigger TV .
tr	NN	She gave a small , hopeless shrug .
tr	NNS	The sale of the paintings fetched high prices , sometimes even in seven digits .
tr	NNS	She hovers inches above me , her breath warm and sweet against my face like a breeze passing through tall grass .
tr	NN	The snow had all lain , and there was more in the sky , and the day was extremely silent .
tr	NNS	They got the steaks and Margaritas all right , but Jonesy was down another thousand dollars .
tr	NN	Got a medal for it . "
tr	NNS	It retracted its wheels in orderly fashion as its enormous wings angled to a climb .
tr	NNS	They all flashed their pearly whites at him and batted their long , fake eyelashes .
tr	NNS	" I 've been having nightmares about you every night . "
tr	NNS	She couldn 't get Jess out of her mind .
tr	NNS	Her wide eyes followed his movements .
tr	NN	I stopped the swing and stood in front of her .
tr	NN	She swiped the sponge over the curve of his ribs , then lower , skimming the top of the injury .
tr	NN	They 're making a fortune on this .
tr	NNS	Paisley seemed to have had a personality change , he was devouring the pages with a fervour hitherto not seen .
tr	NNS	Kat wasn 't taking any chances with him .
tr	NNS	She dug her short fingernails into the exposed cork and twisted the bottle slowly .
tr	NNS	' I 'll strap up his ribs and he will have to take it easy for a day or two . '
tr	NNS	I can make out the snarls and jeers of the crowd now .
tr	NNS	Well , Nick had no new skills to offer her , but he had been changed .
tr	NNS	Since that time , I have seen two train accidents , three fires , and four explosions .
tr	NN	I hand her my logbook pen and she sits down .
tr	NNS	" I 've seen smoother roads , and it 's not going to get better once we get up into those hills . "
tr	NN	I have the clipping in your application file . "
tr	NNS	Pigeon swapped targets , tagging Kyle on the elbow and sending him flying .
tr	NNS	He could hear the gentle hiss of the waves .
tr	NNS	Out the window Claire could just make out the rising cliffs of the sound .
tr	NNS	I 'm causing all sorts of family drama .
tr	NN	Ben felt the lagoon receding , and Rico 's voice with it .
tr	NNS	Of course , if he dragged decorations from nearby properties to Agnes 's yard again like last night , he wouldn 't need any supplies .
tr	NNS	" I have had several opportunities to speak with him in the last week , but he has not given me any information about his plan .
tr	NN	Maris slipped the revolver into her coat pocket and grabbed the vest .
tr	NN	Romulus tied the rope to the chimney on the roof .
tr	NN	Daryn muttered an oath .
tr	NN	I need a favor . "
tr	NN	We packed up the dozen film canisters and the single one-hour videotape into a sealed plastic bag and stuffed it into the middle of a daypack .
tr	NNS	Sean carved the ribs and started passing them around the table .
tr	NNS	You won 't pierce its defenses so easily again . "
tr	NN	It smoothes the transition until we can educate them as to why our method is truly for the best .
tr	NN	Ice slid down my spine .
tr	NN	Although , knowing him , he probably had the best surgeon in his pocket as well as everyone else .
tr	NN	I dropped my briefcase into a chair covered with papers and marveled that nothing spilled .
tr	NNS	The clerk handed me the roses with a smile and I gave her my credit card .
tr	NN	The officers returned his salute , but they weren 't staring at him .
tr	NNS	Dominic refilled Madeline 's wineglass and then his own .
tr	NNS	The newcomer is wearing an organza blouse showing her soft curves , and holding the hand of a cheerful little girl with two plaits tied with ribbons .
tr	NNS	Grace heard murmurs from the other bidders .
tr	NN	" More troops have breached the hull ! "
tr	NN	A sharp pain shot down my spine and travelled into my legs .
tr	NN	Looking into Adams ' eyes , Parks sees cold fury , and holds his tongue .
tr	NN	He had seen a clip of me as I came into town with Foster .
tr	NN	He lowered the pen .
tr	NNS	" You will each get five pairs of scrubs per season , two sets of pajamas and five sets of undergarments .
tr	NNS	" I don 't need any more complications .
tr	NN	However , she did not regret her outburst in the kitchen .
tr	NN	She gave the rope to Jeff , and he immediately tied Keith .
tr	NN	For better or worse , he 'd hitched his wagon to this Russian bear .
tr	NN	" And you repaid her tireless devotion to you , by murdering her in front of your precious , confused and diseased people ! "
tr	NN	I 'm not choosing duty over her !
tr	NN	I already knew my fate .
tr	NNS	" I was running errands for Burnett . "
tr	NNS	Don 't you have visitation rights ? "
tr	NN	He had almost completed the entire proof , but he could not bring himself to care .
tr	NNS	We can get leads like this for $ 10 . "
tr	NN	Dan 's palm stung with the force of the blow his imagination delivered .
tr	NN	Sandra gave a shudder and felt the pain sting in her face .
tr	NNS	A week in Rome watching a workaholic conduct business didn 't sound all that adventurous or exciting to her .
tr	NN	His father performed this function , taking care of every emergency , handling every possible crisis .
tr	NNS	He grinned slyly , then shook his head .
tr	NN	We take the element of surprise .
tr	NNS	When I was younger , I loved art classes .
tr	NN	You get this sorted and you get it sorted soon !
tr	NN	He might make a miraculous recovery . "
tr	NN	Sarah took the tape measure , leaving me to record .
tr	NN	The mist had absorbed his grief , his rage .
tr	NNS	Katie had crossed most items off and written names next to them stating who was giving the gift .
tr	NNS	I guessed that , being a red-blooded , hetero male , he was off pursuing other bikini 'd pastures .
tr	NNS	Automatically she opened her senses and examined the heavy layer of psi prints in the room .
tr	NN	Darren lowered the bouquet .
tr	NNS	We now need the scrolls from the Spanish .
tr	NN	John entered the alcove where Harper sat quietly drinking his coffee .
tr	NNS	The legal assistants and document clerks had windowless offices along the interior wall .
tr	NNS	That thought made Allie nauseous , which surprised her .
tr	NNS	At the grocery store , you always take the dented cans .
tr	NN	I popped my knuckles .
tr	NNS	Norah stares out the window , no doubt longing to be anywhere but here .
tr	NN	He gave Pigeon a playful shove .
tr	NNS	In fairy tales - which were almost always true - wicked witches proffered apples with evil intent .
tr	NN	I 'll watch the tide as it 's started to turn and you can quickly get stranded here .
tr	NN	I can see the controlled demeanor of R17 crumbling ; his streamlined stance is hunched and tilted .
tr	NN	He felt the stretch in the muscles of his legs as he fought for even more speed .
tr	NNS	Spencer peeked backstage and found Beau 's encouraging face .
tr	NNS	I missed classes on Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday .
tr	NNS	Once outside he found hungry dogs , empty beer crates , dustbins , a few random smokers but no August .
tr	NN	" I-I beg your pardon , your grace ! "
tr	NN	" I promise , darlin ' , unless the choice is you or me . "
tr	NN	I don 't particularly like either option .
tr	NNS	It has three redundant methods of communicating with Earth , but they 're extremely directed and are designed for line-of-sight communication .
tr	NN	Hazel honked the horn of her black Eagle Talon , and I followed her straight to the Red .
tr	NN	Henrietta 's hand gave a violent twitch , and she clutched it to her chest as she conjured that mental image .
tr	NN	" May I ask a favor ? "
tr	NNS	Slowly , she peeled the covers off her body .
tr	NNS	I can juggle the numbers in my account books enough so that we can get our money back .
tr	NN	The voice of Garcia caused Mike 's spine to tingle .
tr	NNS	" It would help relations to ask for their help .
tr	NNS	She got all the witches together , and they went after the shapeshifters .
tr	NN	He knew every healing herb and every poison root .
tr	NNS	Little kids skipped down the elementary sidewalks , their lunch boxes swinging , all of them talking at once .
tr	NN	I should think such an occasion as this would require wine .
tr	NNS	It took a few trips .
tr	NNS	He 'd given individual assignments to everyone at the beginning of last week with goals .
tr	NNS	They would surely leave marks .
tr	NN	Besides , they were still discussing the technology aspect , which wasn 't her area .
tr	NNS	He said some numbers .
tr	NNS	Now I shall command my own powers , and use them to take my rightful place as ruler of this world . "
tr	NN	For all his thoughts about enjoying things here , until now , Mike had always had his safety net .
tr	NNS	His version means scary hunting knives , plastic sheeting , and thermal underwear , but I get the idea .
tr	NN	Yet she had no proof .
tr	NNS	They both wear their bites proudly , bragging to everyone how orgasmic it feels . "
tr	NN	Everyone there looked content in their cozy circle of friends .
tr	NN	" Do not address this committee , outsider . "
tr	NN	He quickly puts his cigarette butt out on the side of my bedside table .
tr	NNS	Their unmoving hands grasped blades , axes , and hammers .
tr	NN	" Want a soda ? "
tr	NNS	And definitely avoid bugs .
tr	NN	He sniffs up more cocaine .
tr	NNS	Many of them didn 't wear uniforms ; they weren 't on official city business .
tr	NN	He turned off the stereo .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , gentlemen . "
tr	NN	No one has any real privacy .
tr	NNS	If this search fails to turn up something interesting , I 'll include areas around Mill Run River .
tr	NN	Then he tapped the fork on the swing 's armrest .
tr	NNS	Jasper backed up a few more paces , his body tensing .
tr	NNS	The other passengers on the plane had already commandeered the two legitimate taxis that had been waiting .
tr	NNS	To defy the archangels .
tr	NN	She made a gesture in the air of wrapping up a box .
tr	NN	Turning around quickly Kol dodges a dagger just in time .
tr	NNS	Rob any liqueur stores lately ? "
tr	NN	" The smoke is coming up the gorge because the gorge walls are protecting it from the prevailing wind , which comes in out of the west .
tr	NNS	" He 's got some wicked skills . "
tr	NN	Who would select the next primary player ?
tr	NN	" Your collection ? "
tr	NNS	While his back was turned , she put the sweats on over her naked body .
tr	NNS	He filled up our cups , and then Benji took my free hand and led me to the front room .
tr	NN	Why didn 't she have her passport ?
tr	NNS	She spotted two old-fashioned milk crates underneath the workbench .
tr	NN	He opened the bottom drawer of his desk , took out a loaded gun , and tucked it into the belt of his suit pants .
tr	NNS	I opened my senses , and I could feel the hum of magic all around me .
tr	NNS	Silly little parlor tricks . "
tr	NN	She summarized the summary .
tr	NN	First came a location .
tr	NN	He slipped his backpack off , handed it back to Lavina and studied the immediate surrounds .
tr	NNS	" He doesn 't have any apparent markings .
tr	NN	" Anyone have a pencil ?
tr	NN	" What the fuck were you thinking ? "
tr	NNS	You can 't discover new directions .
tr	NN	Dean removed a pen from the inside of his suit pocket .
tr	NN	Ash stopped and dropped the rope to sniff at whatever just nudged him .
tr	NN	Of course , twenty-four years in the U.S. Army didn 't exactly cultivate a talent for tact .
tr	NN	After they reintroduced themselves , Jacob had honored their unspoken truce .
tr	NNS	The horses can 't very well work spells or wield weapons . "
tr	NN	He pulled the tarp to the ground , revealing what appeared to be a large stone doorway .
tr	NNS	Hell , even with the strength of a vampire and a werewolf behind me , I had serious doubts as to whether I could have done this .
tr	NN	The woman who 'd informed Simon of Amber 's state hugged the banister of the bed and cried .
tr	NNS	I saw cups and swords and cards with names like " The Hermit " and " The Emperor . "
tr	NNS	It takes three attempts before the gasoline catches and the fire starts .
tr	NN	, ' said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NN	He had a monitor with him to see what was going on in the narrow passage .
tr	NN	Without feeling her clench , and writhe , and hearing her cry out ?
tr	NNS	At the last minute , she turned directions and went towards David 's .
tr	NNS	Pete drew his two sons next to him .
tr	NNS	She didn 't need any more complications in her life .
tr	NNS	Nick quickly mentally catalogued their assets , refining his plans in the process .
tr	NNS	He felt a hollow emptiness in his chest , a void of hope , but he took a deep breath and tried to ignore it .
tr	NN	" Have you met the new owner of the Ponderosa Pines Ranch ? "
tr	NN	Ben ignored his interruption .
tr	NNS	" How many versions of us have you met ?
tr	NN	He selected a soft lead pencil from his shirt pocket .
tr	NNS	We 've got five houses going , and they 're a mess .
tr	NN	I felt a quiver of anticipation , but I knew I couldn 't commit to anything at this point .
tr	NNS	That girl has her sites locked in tight .
tr	NN	The outburst cracked any remaining sweet demeanor from the face of Miss Ryan .
tr	NNS	" This morning when I was working , I found my clients .
tr	NNS	She loves your designs , and would love to meet you .
tr	NNS	Medusa did her usual actions and I sat back down on my table and started to eat .
tr	NN	" Tony would have appreciated that detail .
tr	NNS	He scoured the tapes and poured through eyewitness reports and evidence that supposedly showed our friend 's guilt .
tr	NN	You invaded my privacy and now I feel as if I do not really know my husband .
tr	NN	Just thinking about it made my fists clench .
tr	NNS	The liquid filled the emptiness in her stomach and fanned warmth through her body .
tr	NN	If I go back and try to tell the others , I have no proof .
tr	NNS	A large treeless field surrounded the two shabby buildings .
tr	NN	" I will not be attending the pyre with you .
tr	NN	- took up a new instrument and went to Jenny 's table .
tr	NNS	" I was wracking my brains trying to work out what you might do , but I didn 't even consider the candles . "
tr	NNS	But Valentina , he now realized , knew his crew members even better than he did .
tr	NN	Although I wanted to , I fought the urge to jump because I wasn 't sure I could trust my instincts at the moment .
tr	NN	I mean the dragon .
tr	NNS	" We 're working out our issues . "
tr	NN	I ain 't heard no hollering . "
tr	NNS	' You take too many chances . '
tr	NN	She had amazing potential .
tr	NNS	From then on , Ashley and Dr. Keller had meals away from the hospital once a week .
tr	NN	The dress , of dark mauve , had a velvet bodice and a long satin skirt .
tr	NNS	He confirmed his suspicions and confronted Hawthorne , threatening to reveal his treasonous intent for joining the agency . "
tr	NNS	Arie shrugged then turned her palms up like she was already accepting defeat .
tr	NNS	" Max has the mechanics working on it now .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to race downstairs and hurry him out the door as quickly as possible .
tr	NN	Maybe he has an Oedipus complex , and Marcie 's mom is his mom and his wife ! "
tr	NN	Perry rolled out of the way and fired several more times , one shot grazing John 's thigh .
tr	NN	' You gave me your hunger .
tr	NN	" What ingredients do you need ? "
tr	NNS	George Walker High School in Scottsdale , Arizona , had no interior hallways .
tr	NNS	They could be cal ed very humanlike instincts .
tr	NNS	It would bring horrible punishments down on the old woman were she found out .
tr	NN	Rory pulled up a bolt and swung the gate open .
tr	NNS	Maybe you 'll chase away the nightmares . "
tr	NN	" Would you recognize this technology ? "
tr	NNS	" You have the supplies right there .
tr	NNS	Standing there , he opened his senses , inhaling the fragrance of damp earth and trees .
tr	NN	Michele had found a safe haven for her baby son and then run off in another direction .
tr	NNS	" Get yourselves out of sight until you hear the explosions , then run ! "
tr	NNS	He spotted Marlowe 's sandwiches .
tr	NNS	Frantic , I shoved the covers away from her , tugging them free from her legs .
tr	NNS	For the first time in his life , a woman filled up his senses exactly as Denver had described in the song .
tr	NN	" I didn 't have an appointment with Tana . "
tr	NN	I was thinking maybe a rug .
tr	NNS	Even now they were creating green fruits for me .
tr	NNS	Usually they would overrun buildings if they smelled human flesh , but not this time .
tr	NNS	I could no longer see auras either , and although I 'd made no healing attempts , I could guess those results too .
tr	NNS	It was about time they learnt the errors of their ways .
tr	NN	Nothing about this girl had signaled defeat .
tr	NNS	Several squid angrily squirted clouds of ink .
tr	NNS	Ronan , the taller of the pair , with long , curly , flowing hair , has two curved knives .
tr	NN	She put up minimal resistance , quickly relaxing into his kiss .
tr	NN	One of Jax 's big hands gripped her thigh just above her knee and pushed it sideways .
tr	NN	He stifled a yawn .
tr	NN	" The regiment also did a quick collection overnight .
tr	NNS	He sent his messengers out to search for him , but when they couldn 't find him , he told me to send for you . "
tr	NN	He snatched the menu from my hands and tucked it behind the ketchup .
tr	NNS	LUCKY Amelia Broadway and I were painting each other 's toenails when my insurance agent knocked at the front door .
tr	NN	I just - " With those words , I experienced a tide of relief .
tr	NN	When he got to their news van he jerked the ignition wire out of their portable generator .
tr	NNS	We had rehearsals that night , but Kade didn 't show up .
tr	NNS	Tegan handed me her supplies and I crept over to where Fade sat , propped against the wall .
tr	NN	When Jace wasn 't around , I 'd watched her hungrily , like my last breath depended on it .
tr	NN	Homeland Security had claimed its turf and had both the psychological and political pull with Congress .
tr	NN	While he washed off the stickiness , he admired his medal in the mirror .
tr	NNS	The fairy godmother thanked the bears and the frog and turned the little girl into a wasp .
tr	NN	Quentin pinched her butt , making her squeal .
tr	NNS	I was just calibrating the engines .
tr	NN	I have no patience with that attitude .
tr	NNS	During this time every week , I usually run errands and pay bills .
tr	NN	Daniel grabs his backpack and helps Bobby out of the car .
tr	NNS	' And they haven 't widened the roads or fixed those potholes ? '
tr	NNS	Collin grabbed up the dinner dishes and cleared the table .
tr	NNS	It left tracks in the cement of the interstate , tracks so deep I could not see the bottoms .
tr	NN	Applause filled the stadium again .
tr	NNS	I 'd taken at least two hundred dollars from their money box , promising I 'd pay them back when I could .
tr	NN	Fin finished his ale .
tr	NNS	They sent detectives to Cermak 's house this morning . "
tr	NN	He lay tensed , rasping , " At least tell me your name , creature . "
tr	NNS	Trevin pointed out the ruins of the old farm where they 'd stashed their packs .
tr	NNS	He accesses all his input ports .
tr	NNS	Me and Pa only had four pairs of trousers and five shirts between us .
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to go on the defensive .
tr	NN	Chloe misses u too .
tr	NNS	" They tore our families away from us ! "
tr	NN	His underworld dealings gave him a well-earned reputation of being vicious .
tr	NNS	' I love birds ' you think to yourself , ' and eagles ' .
tr	NNS	As I was saying , we have experts specializing in diverse strategies to fit your goals .
tr	NNS	They 'll also be allowed two members of their immediate family to accompany them with the remainder on the lottery system . "
tr	NNS	The syringe injected something sinister into his bloodstream , immediately numbing him .
tr	NN	And just like that , she jerks the rug out from under me .
tr	NN	We need new seed in our population , so let your troops know that they may give freely , without need of protection . "
tr	NNS	Along with immortality we were given special abilities . "
tr	NNS	Alix examined the nearly completed blanket , unsure what she 'd do if Laurel had caused her to drop stitches or worse , pulled out the needles .
tr	NNS	" She will have her sisters . "
tr	NNS	He misses the TV news vans .
tr	NNS	He could see his father 's land , could see the crumbling remains of the old keep .
tr	NNS	I check my other pockets .
tr	NN	The threshold put up a faintly detectable resistance as my own aura of power met it - and could not cross it .
tr	NNS	This limited any armed gangs from wandering around the state and confined them to known areas .
tr	NNS	The Jaycee set his chairs down and squinted his eyes at the determined little man .
tr	NNS	" Or Ko will have our hides . "
tr	NNS	" Quite a rise through the ranks , Mr. Gillespie , and so quickly . "
tr	NNS	He 'd find other wolves with the same problem to see how they coped .
tr	NN	He brought his teacup to his lips and drank .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , without Logan 's team of hairdresser 's , it wasn 't having quite the same effect .
tr	NN	She had been preparing an argument against such a possibility ; she saw it now as an argument to be used in favour of moving to Scotland .
tr	NNS	She had graced front sport pages of nearly every newspaper in Tennessee and the surrounding area .
tr	NNS	Duke might go over specifics later .
tr	NNS	And she writes trashy novels , too ?
tr	NNS	She also has earned 7 more PEARL awards .
tr	NN	And they would figure one long block plus a crosswalk was safely distant .
tr	NN	He felt her willingness to trade her own life for his .
tr	NNS	Heal their hearts , and they will fight for you ... " And for the last of her companions , she grinned .
tr	NN	Your mind cannot process an input , which it does not already have in its memory of experiences .
tr	NNS	You have hurt my sentiments " The two continued their work in silence for a minute .
tr	NNS	She wore green slacks , a white silk blouse and taupe flats .
tr	NN	No one knows the depth of it .
tr	NN	He opened his leather briefcase and pulled out three large envelopes .
tr	NNS	I know your methods better than you do .
tr	NNS	Trees didn 't have underground tunnels .
tr	NNS	You 've trapped yourselves into an endless formal dance with fixed postures and ... Christ !
tr	NN	Linda let the photo flutter to the floor .
tr	NN	Now find the damned airport and come see me . "
tr	NN	Then I took a glass vial from my sleeve and poured the contents into the tankard .
tr	NN	I felt a brief gleam of satisfaction knowing that my uncle had done that to this man 's face with that very sword .
tr	NN	" Not your favorite customer ? "
tr	NN	She folds a towel .
tr	NN	Finally , he added the gun powder to the mix , sprinkling it on top of the flask near the flint .
tr	NNS	She could see the gaping mouths and vacant eyes , clouded , like the breath of the mist .
tr	NNS	We were alone , only occasionally pitting our skills against an enemy .
tr	NN	" I 'll give the two of you some privacy . "
tr	NNS	Tink and Nathan took positions standing at our flanks as Benjamin and Elizabeth strolled to the entrance of the parlor .
tr	NNS	He had already softened her defenses , but truly winning her affections would require a different kind of dance than he was used to .
tr	NN	" I have an itch by my nose .
tr	NN	A distinct sense of unease crawled up his spine .
tr	NN	I 'm having my goddam morning bath .
tr	NNS	Now he saw shelves of books , rooms full of them .
tr	NN	" You actually want pizza ?
tr	NN	Together we found the joy of Eden , before the sins of men .
tr	NN	I told nobody to come with me , and not to call me .
tr	NN	" Okay , I 'm either having a serious mental breakdown or I 'm being haunted .
tr	NN	" Do you see anybody else here ?
tr	NN	SOS had obtained photographic proof of Selena and Paul .
tr	NNS	" If you go against Lucien , with that signed contract , he 'll have certain rights , Leah .
tr	NNS	He gathered up all the bits and pieces , replaced the clues back into the Pharaoh 's head , and headed off home .
tr	NNS	I have meetings coming up in D.C. with Matt Michaels .
tr	NN	The Dark Army could travel the Gate , but only the Oneness could power a pod .
tr	NN	He had the height and build to really make the suit sexy .
tr	NNS	They quickly fled those lands , beating speed from their poor , braying animal with an unmerciful stick .
tr	NN	Ben lowered his shoe toward the next foothold .
tr	NN	We 've a litter for you , if you 're too weak to ride . "
tr	NN	If the machine didn 't work , he had no other option available to him , and so he would be caught by the inspectors .
tr	NN	Then he would unhook the rack , bring over the pickup or the old Farmall M , and take the full rack down to the barn .
tr	NNS	I 'd ruined our chances at a happy ending .
tr	NNS	" It gives freaks like me hope . "
tr	NN	Miss Glory crossed the threshold .
tr	NNS	When it 's finished cooking , I put our plates on the bar and make another drink .
tr	NN	Only I and three of you in this room have the code for it .
tr	NN	Turning a corner , he spotted a cracked open doorway aglow with lamplight .
tr	NNS	He piled four triangle shaped sandwiches on to a plate .
tr	NNS	Whatever he saw there silenced any further complaints .
tr	NNS	" I ... see , " she nodded and looked back at Kai , " The deliveries ? "
tr	NNS	" But , we don 't have mirror selves . "
tr	NN	She 's wearing a Catholic school uniform , long blond hair behind her ears .
tr	NNS	" Then forged metals : bronze and iron .
tr	NNS	We have received numerous hostile attempts from that facility to gain access to our network . "
tr	NNS	Splashing through water nearly a foot deep in places I approached the dogs .
tr	NN	I 'll send another Agency detail to remove him at sunset . "
tr	NNS	" We all love our pets ; they 're like family . "
tr	NNS	The smoke blurred Abraham 's senses as he tried to calm his nerves .
tr	NN	I drop my fork to the half-empty plate with a clatter , dinner forgotten .
tr	NN	As I bent down to dip my hands into the cold water , I felt mud splatter against my back .
tr	NN	It brought a measure of peace to both of them .
tr	NNS	She had a few FBI contacts in South Africa who could do the job for her , but this business was beginning to intrigue her .
tr	NN	It has a tinted visor that covers his face .
tr	NNS	As I walk , peeking into the rooms beneath the earth , I find cavernous chambers with few furnishings .
tr	NNS	Now , I have two more sisters . "
tr	NN	I opened the e-mail slowly , not really wanting to read what he had to say .
tr	NN	" Why do you need a shrink ? "
tr	NN	" Hey , I didn 't escape from custody , I called a lawyer . "
tr	NN	The college board sent out an email , saying there would be a replacement lecturer for his classes .
tr	NN	" I 've had a similar ' epiphany . '
tr	NN	Over her lifeless body would she obey her husband 's dictate to wait in their chamber for him to take her apart for some imagined slight .
tr	NNS	They carefully counted seventy paces , heading back the way they had just come .
tr	NN	I unhooked the snag and pulled my shirt back into place .
tr	NN	I would accept my destiny , but it would be the destiny that I chose .
tr	NN	It has ruptured the hull and the reinforced tank is leaking slowly into space . "
tr	NN	My best friend had lost his virginity .
tr	NN	An " Oh my god ! "
tr	NNS	I don 't want any apologies .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " I swallowed the lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	He sent runners all through the village , seeking volunteers to host a soldier or two .
tr	NN	Antonietta went down the long , sweeping staircase with total confidence .
tr	NN	" Don 't worry , " he muttered , " you have my vote for the Most Wicked Woman of the Year award .
tr	NN	he asked the uniform .
tr	NN	Once inside , Terrance took off his backpack , plopped down on the living room sofa , and dropped his hat to the floor .
tr	NNS	He had four blades , but I had forgotten one of his weapons .
tr	NN	Gideon blew out a sharp exhalation .
tr	NNS	We don 't leave team members behind ! "
tr	NNS	" What happened Rufus ? "
tr	NNS	And she couldn 't drag Chess into that .
tr	NNS	She repeated the caress twice more before he released an explosive sigh .
tr	NNS	" Did you have any issues ? "
tr	NNS	They had mixed notions about what to do since they were not getting any orders .
tr	NNS	You read all those diaries and still didn 't understand that they are not people ?
tr	NNS	She 's delegated several other weddings to her subordinates in order to help us get something together quickly . "
tr	NNS	He untied the knots at my wrists ; the rope slithered to the floor .
tr	NNS	The TT pushes travelers to the past and pulls them back to the present .
tr	NN	She swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	A band screamed lyrics from a lifted stage and a mass of bodies danced vigorously on the small dance floor .
tr	NN	He set the pen down and handed the map over to Aiden .
tr	NNS	The only place where he could freely access Old Haven was in one of the many trash dump sites .
tr	NN	Patrick hands me a napkin , ever the knight in shining armor .
tr	NNS	In digging wisdom , we all face such troubles .
tr	NNS	But leave us some supplies .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to tell him then and there .
tr	NN	You get your law school tuition , and you 'll have a credit card for expenses while we 're married .
tr	NN	You couldn 't slay a dragon if you had not yet learned to slay a bear .
tr	NNS	He picked bugs off of his clothes as he casually walked off the stage .
tr	NNS	He made no apologies for his behavior or his profession .
tr	NNS	Not quantum physics or theories of evolution or the paintings of Picasso or the process by which children were inoculated with germs to protect them from disease .
tr	NN	" Gus is a partner , he 'd be filing the claim against himself if he did that . "
tr	NNS	" He 's bothering my senses .
tr	NNS	He flipped through the pages , not reading any of the words and thinking .
tr	NN	Frustrated , I bit out a groan .
tr	NNS	Her face bore the marks of intense thoughtfulness .
tr	NNS	I have serious doubts as to its accuracy .
tr	NNS	We can 't possibly be having twins . "
tr	NN	She carried a small plastic tray with a bottle of Powerade , Z 's mug of beer and Quinn 's mixed drink into her living room .
tr	NNS	Laurent must have simply outrun the wolves , but why ?
tr	NN	he asked the bird .
tr	NN	But it has had the opposite effect .
tr	NNS	A rush of knowing stirred Gwen 's senses .
tr	NNS	You can use your contacts for that . "
tr	NN	He didn 't have a bulky physique like her father , but was lean and trim .
tr	NN	Lee had an otherworldly physique , toughened beyond imagination by his savage trek .
tr	NNS	He still had nightmares about how he 'd gotten into the wheelchair in the first place .
tr	NN	She hated the publicity , but she couldn 't live without it .
tr	NNS	You won 't get any more hugs from me if you do . "
tr	NNS	My knee , that I hurt a few months ago , was giving me fits .
tr	NNS	If you were to peek inside these buildings , they had 10-foot chandeliers , elaborate crown molding , marble floors and walls .
tr	NN	They had been taught a lesson .
tr	NNS	A few feet away , I heard squeaks and the sound of sheets rustling .
tr	NNS	Then she added some strawberries and a couple of slices of cantaloupe .
tr	NNS	Didn 't most employees take mental breaks throughout their workday ?
tr	NN	Hey , they even did a feature in Country Houses .
tr	NNS	They raised spears and blades , and their gazes shot throughout the room .
tr	NNS	I don 't need labels . "
tr	NN	No one had ever bought her jewelry .
tr	NNS	" They took my blood , " Eve said importantly .
tr	NN	We still have our witch to melt . "
tr	NNS	With a long , rapid stride , Simon quit his chambers and descended to the lower floor .
tr	NNS	" We set up road blocks and organized a search , of course .
tr	NNS	The only change I felt was the quakes below my feet worsening , causing scientists to stumble and machinery to spark .
tr	NNS	" I love your tits .
tr	NNS	We didn 't have many supplies left , if we couldn 't get out ... My gaze slid to Cade .
tr	NNS	Darius and the GP have undertaken the rituals they believe in .
tr	NNS	' Typically people who don 't like alcohol have voracious appetites for sugar . '
tr	NN	Of course , he wore a uniform because it was an elite private school , not that Noah cared anything about that .
tr	NN	Harry gave him the file .
tr	NNS	He had no doubts that the sun was still high .
tr	NNS	Oh , God , just looking at her caused his insides to ache .
tr	NNS	Have you taken classes , analyzed people like Robin Williams and Richard Pryor and Jerry Seinfeld ?
tr	NNS	" For you and me and the babies .
tr	NNS	When he looked in the mirror he saw gray hairs and wrinkles along the sides of his lips and eyes .
tr	NN	I have a strange hunch .
tr	NNS	We have sandwiches , and cakes , and jelly , and everything Philip likes .
tr	NN	He 's reworking the spell detector so this type of thing won 't happen again .
tr	NN	He did a little digging and discovered the accident report with your dad 's name as a witness .
tr	NNS	Although we work in the same office , my husband usually keeps his suspicions to himself .
tr	NN	Rosa made a sweeping gesture with her hand .
tr	NNS	It took just two cans for her to turn playful .
tr	NN	" You just have a stomach ache .
tr	NNS	They played cards , stood watch , sparred , and showed no sign they knew how great the danger .
tr	NNS	It 'd taken two rescue crews to subdue him and bring him in .
tr	NNS	Johnny turned his cards over and neither looked at Leonard 's cards nor responded to the outburst that followed .
tr	NNS	" I could never eat an octopus now , knowing what I do about them .
tr	NNS	I just don 't want the students to be worked up into some kind of panic . "
tr	NNS	Connor faced the charred remains of the cabin .
tr	NN	She swallowed hard , the lump rising in her throat because she wanted that last one to be true .
tr	NN	Moss detected discernable discomfort in Marion Wentworth for the first time .
tr	NNS	They already have expectations about how our relationship 's going to develop .
tr	NN	" Between wisdom and loyalty , Choo , I pick loyalty and truth .
tr	NNS	" We 're following all the leads we can to find him . "
tr	NNS	Did she like tall , skinny gorillas ?
tr	NN	Paul looked down at the boy with such compassion it made her chest ache .
tr	NN	" Stay the fuck there . "
tr	NNS	She lifted her skirt slowly , her stripped stockings showing , crouched on knee and shoved the broomstick up the chimney .
tr	NNS	" Thank heavens for that !
tr	NN	Lauren dug her fork into the cake again .
tr	NN	" About a dozen . "
tr	NNS	" The public misunderstood the motives of the baron .
tr	NNS	" I spilled the food trays too early into the trash and one of the trays flipped back on me .
tr	NN	Chapter 2 He hadn 't packed protection for this TDY .
tr	NNS	The small fleet moved onward , coming nearer until they were on the system 's outskirts , and then inside it .
tr	NN	As he watched the trailer draw nearer , I studied his revolver and holster , eager to grill him .
tr	NN	Zella dropped her pen .
tr	NNS	He saw three dolphins move elegantly through the marina waters , and then head back out to the open sea .
tr	NN	From where he stood , the road rose up a slight hill to where wooden gates stood closed at the crest .
tr	NN	Melody flashed a glare at Joe that could have melted glass and tried to yell something through the duct tape that covered her mouth .
tr	NNS	She 'd practically raised her sisters , and now these two men wanted to take control of everything , even her .
tr	NN	Tony squirmed uncomfortably , clearly getting the point of Seth 's questioning .
tr	NNS	He 'd begun his AA meetings again , keeping the anchor token with him at all times .
tr	NN	A sob wracked her frame .
tr	NN	I was getting the impression she was popular , not that it surprised me .
tr	NN	" Bankers won 't let ' em , " Grady said , " that 'd bring down their economy . "
tr	NNS	I wouldn 't want the twins to get what I have , so it 's best that I stay home . "
tr	NNS	Ashe slipped two pairs of cargo pants into the pile .
tr	NNS	Chapter 7 Present Day Meg I quickly ran down the hallways .
tr	NNS	She took a few more bites , but he could tell that her appetite had vanished beneath her apprehension .
tr	NN	Though his words and thoughts wouldn 't surprise her , he saw her obvious dismay .
tr	NNS	Lightning briefly lit heavy clouds to the west .
tr	NN	I hear the rattle of the short chains I 'm attached to .
tr	NN	At least Eloise would get the best treatment at Creed Valley Hospital .
tr	NN	Give him credit for some intelligence . "
tr	NNS	I slapped the covers .
tr	NN	Dark clouds and lightning bolts , which seem as large as the sky , spread their electricity from one end of the world to the other .
tr	NNS	Hywel hadn 't brought his knives , but Gareth wasn 't going to test his luck by asking for them .
tr	NN	Maybe some day your dad will have the dishwasher fixed . "
tr	NNS	" Change stations now . "
tr	NN	Too bad doctors everywhere didn 't have that talent .
tr	NN	She grabbed her backpack -- just in case she found time to finish her trigonometry homework on her dinner break -- and left the apartment .
tr	NN	Jason hadn 't considered that possibility .
tr	NNS	You said two hundred dollars ? "
tr	NNS	She 'd seen Lycan packs before and this wasn 't a pack .
tr	NN	" Like a leech or a flea .
tr	NN	Matt grabbed a large blue beach towel and shook the sand off of it .
tr	NNS	I do not I do not question Jesus or even God 's existence , I question their methods .
tr	NN	But you 'll take the pick-up with the furniture .
tr	NN	He didn 't need to scan for Savannah ; his body would always find her , his mind would always know her location .
tr	NN	I let the words spill out , my voice low .
tr	NN	Her heart gave a renegade flutter .
tr	NNS	" Here , " Jaden handed me five bucks .
tr	NNS	He walked down the halls of school like he owned them and to tell the truth he did .
tr	NNS	* * * Herr 'D on mustered his armies , but the advancing shadow was swift .
tr	NN	Something that held her captive .
tr	NNS	This includes ships , outposts , mining colonies , and deep-space stations .
tr	NN	she asked , a scowl on her face .
tr	NN	She passed out the Coral from her grandmother .
tr	NNS	She took several shots from multiple angles .
tr	NN	Shaking her head , she chided her imagination that would place a body out at midnight .
tr	NN	His hesitation kept gunfire from coming into play , but didn 't prevent the mayhem that was going to happen .
tr	NNS	I played my suspicions off with cluelessness though .
tr	NNS	I have heard the tales of the dark one , a bogeyman the elders made up to frighten small children .
tr	NN	Glen needed the physical release of movement .
tr	NNS	If it 's possible , Ashley has teams suiting up for repair works .
tr	NNS	His hands slide up without warning , his thumbs grazing my stomach and then making a quick swipe along the underside of my bra .
tr	NN	He followed this introduction up with his customary second line , " Chief Tracey sends his regrets as he is out of town on business . "
tr	NNS	Whatever tension , anger , or pain was holding her together fragments .
tr	NNS	The new workers did not wear any uniforms , favoring baggy T-shirts and jeans , showing their underwear almost to their buttocks .
tr	NNS	I enjoy the strolls .
tr	NN	Brooke had regained consciousness quickly enough in the car , but stayed groggy during the interminable drive to the E.R. to meet up with her obstetrician .
tr	NNS	At least Celeste knew the mechanics of serving and cleaning up a meal .
tr	NNS	No open cans of lye .
tr	NNS	The sunset gilded their spears and helmets , and glinted in their pale flowing hair .
tr	NNS	" Maybe we should tell the others no fires for now .
tr	NNS	She didn 't see any snakes , but they were tricky , weren 't they ?
tr	NNS	He made deliveries in his own van .
tr	NN	I 've got her location , and she 's requested us to wait .
tr	NNS	" She 's doing drugs .
tr	NN	Elec well remembered the first demonstration of its magic and he nodded in satisfaction at that .
tr	NNS	Interestingly , not a single book lined his book shelves .
tr	NN	I needed a haircut .
tr	NN	And fell back , elated , the big fish wriggling frantically in his grasp but unable to slide out .
tr	NN	Give me a yell when you 're done . "
tr	NNS	I blow out the candles , and Emerson sits down next to me on the bed , his own coffee and muffin hand .
tr	NN	Though fresh from a beating , the cuts and bruises left no greater impression than the sights of my horrors .
tr	NN	Bypassing the chair as she was covered in sweat , she hovered over the dashboard , lightly touching it .
tr	NNS	Sandra saw more giant butterflies and other large insects flying over the meadow .
tr	NN	" I 'll make up a basket of fruit .
tr	NNS	If I 'm going to be a commander , I need good subordinate leaders .
tr	NN	He untied the rope , and Lawson pulled it back toward us .
tr	NN	There never existed a real attraction to William .
tr	NN	" Why else would he be given that much protection ? "
tr	NNS	I see more access panels leading to other apartments on the third floor .
tr	NNS	They found drugs , arrested the driver , and impounded the car .
tr	NNS	The next morning Jennifer was washing the breakfast dishes when she heard them loading the car .
tr	NNS	Its tail was making little splashes in the water .
tr	NN	" You 've a visitor . "
tr	NNS	She was walking blindly , and she hated it .
tr	NNS	He had a good six inches on the man as he stared down at the tip of his nose .
tr	NNS	He had talents and he knew it .
tr	NN	He opened the drawer in his hat and took out his pipe .
tr	NN	Mark looked up from the bar , and was it her imagination , but did his glance seem a shade more furtive , a hint ashamed ?
tr	NN	" Oh you mean the constant bickering and fighting ?
tr	NN	" I have faith . "
tr	NN	Eventually , someone will give the military their tool . "
tr	NNS	Rising , she drew the drapes across the window , shutting out the light .
tr	NN	The black tuxedo -- one of Ferrero 's own , if I had to guess -- fit his frame perfectly .
tr	NN	We continued our playful banter over pancakes and orange juice at a local IHOP .
tr	NN	I 've dispatched the ambulance and rescue squad .
tr	NNS	I don 't see any dents either .
tr	NNS	I point directions , guiding him to the Victorian house located on the bad side of town .
tr	NN	Another time I was giving a concert in Indiana , and the piano was locked away in a closet and no one had a key .
tr	NN	Thank goodness I talked him into taking written copy rather than a recorded demo tape .
tr	NN	I found a white wood-paneled drawer that held utensils .
tr	NNS	He studied the hairs like they might contain the secrets of Grace in their dull blonde strands .
tr	NNS	" I 've had two centuries to perfect my moves .
tr	NNS	The teachers along with their aides led their students to their respective classrooms .
tr	NN	Not even all my apprehension and anxiety could dim my joy in this moment .
tr	NNS	Halfway through the book , I found our pages .
tr	NNS	I 've heard all sorts of stories from him over the years .
tr	NNS	Grant sat down several chairs removed and found himself able , in looking at Carter , - to contemplate Cora 's face in profile .
tr	NNS	The rats scooted around the twists and turns .
tr	NNS	A lot of 'em have got guitars , too .
tr	NNS	Most of my business associates have charities that they support wholeheartedly .
tr	NNS	My father had just hired two bodyguards who would likely cost more than I made in two years .
tr	NN	He found success in the art of seduction .
tr	NNS	Technically the building didn 't allow dogs , but somehow the dog was still there .
tr	NNS	I just make my excuses and go to bed .
tr	NN	" Should we expect a skirmish on the other side then ? "
tr	NNS	The waitress tipped the hourglass above his head , and the race was on .
tr	NNS	She made endless trays of food for ravenous boys and set out bowls of chocolate-covered dried cherries for the girls .
tr	NNS	I wiped my palms on my shorts , and paced in the loft .
tr	NNS	Suddenly ill at ease , Jace muttered his apologies and stared at his feet .
tr	NNS	I rubbed the palms of my hands against my eyes as I rounded a corner on the tiny path and ran smack into someone .
tr	NN	What if Sydney starts digging into Cassidy 's life ?
tr	NNS	" I will make arrangements .
tr	NNS	The passion melted my insides and turned my muscles to liquid .
tr	NN	" You could always take up horseback riding . "
tr	NN	The Militia Warriors , known among the ranks as Thunder God Warriors , had their HQ in Apache Junction Two , near the Superstition Mountain range .
tr	NNS	Crushing sweet-smelling herbs into several small pots of water , he lit candles beneath each container .
tr	NN	" They didn 't like the prayer he said ! "
tr	NN	Once he got bigger than her , however , he 'd had his revenge through multiple practical jokes over the years .
tr	NNS	When they arrived back at the logging camp , the pair unloaded the supplies then Scott hurried into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	She needs our prayers . "
tr	NNS	" Any solutions until then ? "
tr	NNS	We had two competitors compete in weapons , while some of the other clans only had one student to compete .
tr	NN	Leslie eyed the basket .
tr	NNS	He could already exercise powers at least as great as that .
tr	NNS	Before I sat down to write this , I took my glass slippers out and put them on my bed .
tr	NNS	" A little birdy tells me Robb claims to have information about a nuclear war ?
tr	NNS	I rested my palms on the back of the chair .
tr	NN	I cannot , with any rational sense of confidence , continue my quest if I do not believe this .
tr	NNS	She had a vampire 's senses .
tr	NNS	She almost missed the black figures as they slipped silently around the corner .
tr	NNS	She could discard all the social inhibitions tying her down to the ground and dive head first into him .
tr	NN	Maybe you haven 't found a flavor you like .
tr	NNS	Tara mimicked Duncan 's actions when he tied his horse to a pole .
tr	NN	Terri 's quick report on Nadia had revealed a dedication to her job and to raising money for an assortment of charities .
tr	NNS	She saw smaller buildings clustered around them .
tr	NN	" I go to hell , " she whispered this confession as she stared into his eyes .
tr	NN	He 'd threatened even worse punishment if she were to ever tell anyone about the abuse .
tr	NN	Her friends might give her advice , but there isn 't a steady stream of money coming from anywhere but her business . "
tr	NNS	He must have made millions over the years .
tr	NN	Many a time he had witnessed this black denial of life in mortals .
tr	NNS	Why waste forty-three dollars to take the test ?
tr	NN	What David witnessed at that moment bore little resemblance to his childhood memories .
tr	NNS	The fear in her tone gave him the balls to stuff the gun into the back of his gray pajama pants .
tr	NNS	A bit on impulse , Charlie called DeVries .
tr	NNS	And her fat bottom lip stares at me .
tr	NN	For a moment , I got a glimpse of what it meant to be the Destructor .
tr	NN	That left only one other option : to trap it .
tr	NNS	In his panic , his eyes had played tricks , seeing what had been forefront in his mind .
tr	NNS	I batted my eyelashes and gave the cutest confused look I imagined I was capable of .
tr	NN	I knew the extent of my training and the breadth of my skill .
tr	NN	I feel the color drain from my face .
tr	NNS	She felt the hardened bands of muscle underneath the velvety cover of skin .
tr	NN	It took an enormous quantity of alcohol to get a werewolf that inebriated .
tr	NN	Audrey made a dismissive gesture with exquisitely polished nails .
tr	NN	" I got the impression , " said Mark , " that you and Steele hit it off together rather well . "
tr	NN	Skye , emerging from the shower , nearly dropped her towel , and I could see the wet strands of her hair freezing into icy points .
tr	NNS	I 'm not making excuses for myself , just letting you know the context of the time period when I became a vampire . "
tr	NNS	Most of those guardians had guard dogs with them .
tr	NNS	Everyone will get their assignments today .
tr	NNS	Her family didn 't do hugs or kisses anymore .
tr	NNS	He patted his thighs .
tr	NNS	" These will prevent dizziness and fainting spells . "
tr	NN	" Have a shower and put those on Andrew , then give me your uniform and I 'll wash it .
tr	NN	The clockmaker had a short gray beard and wore a long apron .
tr	NNS	" You have four floors ? "
tr	NN	Her peripheral vision caught the ripple and flex of muscles along Tanner 's legs as his feet worked the floorboards again .
tr	NNS	She mocks my efforts , reclining like a sunbathing lady of leisure at the edge of the work site .
tr	NN	He had one goal .
tr	NNS	Mr. Sinclair , We 've already discussed the terms of our agreement , and this was not part of that verbal contract .
tr	NNS	He rolled up his deer hide blanket then fetched the sack he had made to carry food .
tr	NNS	If they did manage to get their ship off the ground , he had ships in space ready to track them back to their home world .
tr	NNS	I run down the corridors until I get to my room because if I don 't I 'll never leave them .
tr	NN	She handed him the package and smiled at him .
tr	NNS	They spread the candles around the room , merely functional again .
tr	NN	He still gripped the pistol in his hand , but the two remaining warlocks had raised powerful shields .
tr	NNS	But now ; some advanced techniques .
tr	NN	" Would you give me a quick lesson if I paid you double ? "
tr	NNS	She was also wearing the silver sandals that gave great definition to her legs .
tr	NNS	She had twins and she had protected this one , this beautiful , beautiful baby .
tr	NNS	Gan called his dogs .
tr	NNS	Some required qualified workers .
tr	NNS	I felt my insides heating up , reacting to the doctor 's eyes , and my lost love .
tr	NN	Two red velvet ribbons were wrapped wrap around his body .
tr	NN	Harry steadily climbed the hill casting around for any likely spot for the fungus he 'd come so far to find .
tr	NN	" If you involve the police , it will lead the ... Cumberland Mountain Mages to our door ! "
tr	NN	His gaze ravaged a path of almost frightening hunger over her , sending her heart flailing with trepidation , almost had her howling with anticipation .
tr	NNS	But his partner driving the car had equally good credentials , and the vehicle bore an authentic government license plate .
tr	NNS	We share a few quiet breaths .
tr	NN	You still have some paint on the back of your neck , by the way . "
tr	NN	Noel gathered his remaining ammo for the rifle and placed it in the edge of the log .
tr	NN	What my dad calls a " good starter " .
tr	NN	And makes the adrenaline addict nearly fall into a state of euphoria .
tr	NNS	" I 'll have the nurse order extras .
tr	NN	I take my hot cocoa and find a dry place to sit .
tr	NN	She understood the timing of everything .
tr	NN	What has this madman told you in error so far , besides everything ? "
tr	NN	" Couldn 't she have put the portal nearer to where she lives ? "
tr	NN	I would show the auction people Sir Horace 's deed , which proves that he still owns his castle .
tr	NN	I looked down the large sloping hill .
tr	NN	Parnell fought the urge to stand , his nerves making him want to pace the floor but it would show weakness and he couldn 't afford it .
tr	NN	He couldn 't see anything overt .
tr	NNS	He loved her unfettered reactions .
tr	NNS	We can have hamburgers during the weekend . "
tr	NN	In that case , they all had a vote .
tr	NN	Grace had given it fleeting consideration .
tr	NNS	Knew she was making excuses to hide the real reason she was here in his bed : because she just couldn 't resist him .
tr	NNS	One little fight and you ' l be cleaning toilets for the rest of your life . "
tr	NNS	With that he dropped a few envelopes on the bedside table next to the respirator machine and hurriedly backed out of the room .
tr	NN	Sensing that this would be the last time they were offered such a reprieve .
tr	NN	It 's just about me doing my duty . "
tr	NNS	Day by day I noticed small changes in her physical appearance and I learned to love her curves .
tr	NN	The Lee Enfield had a clip-on magazine that held ten bullets , eleven including a bullet in the breech .
tr	NN	' Two years ago Abbas staged his coup .
tr	NN	He gave her a playful pout .
tr	NNS	You found the numbers in that library .
tr	NNS	Looking in the trash pile , he noted other items which struck him with familiarity .
tr	NNS	Voices floated down all the halls and the place was a beehive of activity .
tr	NN	Out of necessity I get no credit , but I was instrumental in his rise to power .
tr	NN	Closing her eyes Avery said a silent prayer of thanks .
tr	NNS	The desk clerk scratched his whiskers .
tr	NNS	Yet here sat forlornly the remains of one of the most famous pirate vessels ever afloat .
tr	NNS	I slammed my clubs down and the caddie quickly grabbed them which was a good thing .
tr	NN	Beyond the parking lot and beyond the launch point , across the bay rose a ridge of land .
tr	NN	" She 's gone , madam . "
tr	NNS	I hadn 't even noticed the ship 's engines come to life , although they hummed steadily , vibrating the floor beneath me .
tr	NNS	I 'm not making excuses .
tr	NN	Her eyes follow the strange bird as it flies by .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen fireflies once or twice before , in Germany , but never in such abundance .
tr	NN	While running his fingers through my long hair , I kissed the knuckles of his hand .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless Trudie 's American secondment sparked growing desires to throw everything in and fly stateside .
tr	NN	Without the key , Coulter couldn 't access the vault .
tr	NNS	You changed the terms of our deal when I was under duress !
tr	NN	York assumed a serious demeanor .
tr	NNS	She gave him directions and he excused himself .
tr	NNS	We explored little islands and then came back .
tr	NNS	Glorious and terrible , the beast shook off centuries of slumber .
tr	NNS	What if we have families who are worried sick at home ?
tr	NNS	Genetically altered vegetables ? "
tr	NN	Elijah 's eyes tracked our every movement hungrily .
tr	NNS	And that was before taking the changes to his face into account .
tr	NN	Adult language and content .
tr	NNS	He offered them some refreshments , which they kindly refused .
tr	NN	" I had some heroin for him .
tr	NN	We 've had great success with total brain rehabilitation . "
tr	NN	One of the footmen reached the Queen first , and , after a brief hesitation , began pounding on the choking woman 's back .
tr	NNS	" I am having some gowns delivered to you .
tr	NN	Ponder brushed aside a beetle that had landed on his cheek and stared at the shape right in front of him .
tr	NN	Each of them immediately opened an umbrella and raised it , sheltering themselves from the rain .
tr	NNS	When she steps away from the bulletin board she leaves scorched marks in her wake .
tr	NN	I was watching the spectacle of the confident and regal Eric babbling away , actually sinking down on one knee .
tr	NN	On it he saw a heaped tangle of paper strips .
tr	NN	She enjoyed the lure of the bright lights and handsome men .
tr	NNS	Please be reckoned , all ye who enter here , in this story dead men do tell tales , and so do their steeds .
tr	NN	I could feel the fatigue weighing me down , slowing my system .
tr	NNS	who was fastidiously clearing away the remains of her meal .
tr	NN	If he started to walk toward town , he might get reception before he found a gas station .
tr	NN	I pushed the curtain to the side and gazed at the view of the mountains .
tr	NNS	Move it , thick thighs ! "
tr	NNS	She raised one arm a few inches , only to let it fall back to the floor of the barn , apparently completely sapped of strength .
tr	NN	And as always , those dreadful feelings of fear and worry are creeping up my spine , paralysing me , chilling me until I 'm shivering inside .
tr	NN	Do not change any aspect of who you are , Natalie .
tr	NN	He rapped his knuckles on the sign once more .
tr	NNS	I 've never seen wolves up close .
tr	NN	Agents 1 , 2 and 3 continued pacing around the ping pong table with increasing displeasure as they clutched take-away coffees .
tr	NN	She dropped her pizza back on her plate , frustration chasing away her first sign of hunger in days .
tr	NN	He picked up a handful of mud and walked over to her .
tr	NN	From behind us charged the first onslaught , and there were so many .
tr	NNS	Paste free , freedom paste .
tr	NN	At ten after seven , he sneaked the cat carrier into the hall , causing Henry to panic .
tr	NNS	This place gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	When I was living from place to place after college I needed supplies I could rely on , things that wouldn 't break down .
tr	NNS	" I can put measured doses into gelatin capsules .
tr	NNS	I must have made ten trips before I heard the call to stop for breakfast .
tr	NN	I pulled back the quilt and got out of bed .
tr	NNS	Again Jon watched the numbers of the floors light up on the indicator above the door .
tr	NN	I dig my boot into the dirt , wishing I had cleats .
tr	NNS	I have other Keepers behind me .
tr	NNS	I took long walks with Aunt Sarah .
tr	NNS	She spends almost six dollars .
tr	NN	Stephen 's older brother did not remember the bathtub incident , but it was ingrained in him to obey his brother .
tr	NN	He touched his temple .
tr	NN	He flashed his ID to the guard on the science building , knowing his rank would gain him entrance .
tr	NN	He was also saying a prayer as he cried .
tr	NNS	The judge admitted the photographs into evidence and the prosecution moved for the conviction to be vacated . "
tr	NNS	You 'll have nasty nightmares tonight though . "
tr	NN	Jolie moved his killer glare to the reporter .
tr	NNS	I choked down my biscuits and ran outside .
tr	NN	When a shadow passed over Jessica 's features , he realized his error .
tr	NN	said the dispatcher over her microphone .
tr	NNS	The amused twinkle in his emerald green eyes melted my insides .
tr	NNS	" You have two peripheral females . "
tr	NNS	She knows the dates and amounts of the wire transfers .
tr	NNS	She noticed the two empty racks where the missiles had launched from .
tr	NN	Hell hath no fury - Her eyes widened , her mind jumping to the conversation she 'd had with Mariel .
tr	NN	Della heard her father mutter .
tr	NN	Shema growled playfully up at her .
tr	NN	His fellow took the candle from the middle of the table and held it underneath the wood table .
tr	NN	We reached the marker outside the Glen ; I made several attempts , but it was too shallow to get the Hunter in .
tr	NNS	I could have several more sons and daughters by her before I die . "
tr	NN	Marwan dodged left and swung the branch he had picked up minutes earlier around at her feet , knocking her to the ground .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods .
tr	NN	Reyes swore a vile oath , annoyed by the turn of his thoughts .
tr	NNS	That it dampens their talents , leaving them virtually powerless if enough is injected .
tr	NN	I told the litter if we were going to earn a mountain climbing badge should actually climb a mountain .
tr	NN	He picked up his own pillow and threw it at Neil 's face .
tr	NNS	Is this human boy actually reading my movements , predicting my actions ?
tr	NN	I worked the material of my dress high , until I was exposed enough to shove his hand just where I wanted it .
tr	NNS	'D ' ye see snakes in your dreams , Colonel ? '
tr	NN	You will write your confession out , in detail , and deliver it in the morning . "
tr	NN	" I got the impression she 's not seeing anyone . "
tr	NN	She heard someone yawn as they stepped onto the camper 's steps .
tr	NN	Instead , I held up the hem like a basket and dropped in the fruit .
tr	NNS	" We could use cables from the solar farm as guy lines . "
tr	NNS	I couldn 't see the students walking past us in the hall .
tr	NNS	The three men were still holding their positions when Jeff decided to make his move .
tr	NNS	Unable to stop himself , Royce moved nearer to the woman .
tr	NNS	Despite her intent to return to her normal life , the disturbing events of the night before had somewhat changed her priorities .
tr	NNS	" It takes three blood exchanges if they are not already Carpathian . "
tr	NNS	" Deal the cards . "
tr	NN	I can feel my face growing hotter at the sting of his rebuke .
tr	NNS	I checked the patrols scheduled for that day and I thought it was strange that all patrols were cancelled .
tr	NNS	Just one cat pawing the litter could make clouds of the stuff , dropping sediment on her bookshelves and dresser tops .
tr	NNS	His chance to face the fires of hell .
tr	NNS	We 'll want more protective suits .
tr	NN	She caught its hilt .
tr	NNS	Shop keepers and maids , young and old all stopped their day 's chores to come out and see what all the commotion was about .
tr	NNS	Your mama should 've updated ya , sweetheart .
tr	NN	If you hear a horse heading towards the bridge , you give me a shout .
tr	NN	" Perhaps I 'll eat his whip .
tr	NNS	I took my meals alone , and I had classes with Irene nearly every day .
tr	NNS	" Can we have two beers ? "
tr	NN	" Okay , " Rich said absently , more concerned about the designs he was reviewing than the conversation with his brother .
tr	NN	Instead , he had the physique of someone that 'd worked manual labor his entire life .
tr	NNS	Did you see yourselves carrying an old lady while running towards the Anvil ? "
tr	NN	I could feel something warm trickle down the side and into the collar of my shirt .
tr	NN	Dad grabbed his rifle and stood up , facing in the direction the horse was looking which was south of us .
tr	NNS	They pulled out chairs at one of the small tables in the supermarket 's deli section .
tr	NNS	Sitting in Teleport 's salon , Albert was studying several systems reports on an electronic tablet .
tr	NN	Would Jenny have had a decent stepfather to look after her ?
tr	NNS	You don 't like coin tricks ? "
tr	NNS	You break hearts just walking by in those jeans . "
tr	NN	Want a nursery ? "
tr	NN	I heard gravel crunch behind me and knew Danny 's jeep was following close behind .
tr	NNS	We want our sons to know exactly how it came about , so we turn Wilmer loose on every class of our children . '
tr	NN	So was trying to double-cross said assassin somewhere along the way .
tr	NNS	We have the targets isolated in one of the campus buildings with all access points watched .
tr	NNS	In this particular regard I soon even outstripped the twins .
tr	NNS	Even the hospital was destroyed , the top three floors sheared off .
tr	NNS	At night , we 'd pour over the financial pages of the paper , and we 'd decide what to buy and what to sell .
tr	NNS	I needed improbable car chases and ridiculously implausible getaways .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	Verena and Catherine lit the old candles and gave them to the orphans .
tr	NNS	" I can fit , " Brent added encouragingly .
tr	NN	" Did you just look into your crystal ball and see ... " TJ stopped mid-sentence and scrutinized Dave .
tr	NN	And yet , a little curl had escaped her hair clip .
tr	NN	He grazed her temple with his lips .
tr	NNS	We had many acquaintances , other wolf packs , and if any of those had daughters they competed for a wife .
tr	NNS	They drive the cattle to it deliberately ? "
tr	NNS	Garrett crouched behind a boulder about five yards in from the canyon 's entrance .
tr	NN	I put my duffel on the floor and climbed up into it , spreading out the sheets the guy at the front desk gave me .
tr	NNS	He took up his reins .
tr	NNS	They all had their burdens to bear , and that guilt motivated them to make amends now .
tr	NN	I felt my hand throbbing in pain and I wanted to go and wash off the blood from my hands and put on Band-Aids .
tr	NN	Sirena , and now Jamila , knew its location .
tr	NN	Though , I did put a little lemon into it .
tr	NN	" I just read an article the other day that said the police found some of that date rape drug on the floor of her car .
tr	NNS	He 'd always thought babies all looked the same , like tiny old men .
tr	NN	Everyone in that courtroom had an agenda that didn 't include what was in Hannah 's best interests . "
tr	NNS	" Cuz she had huge tits . "
tr	NN	You had a threesome ?
tr	NNS	" I 'm not taking any chances . "
tr	NN	We will not be telling Anthony the location of the hive .
tr	NNS	And I won 't eat your brains . "
tr	NN	And if they 've been violated , or if any harm has come to them at all , I will exact vengeance . "
tr	NN	Asher scuffed a shoe against the floor and looked away .
tr	NN	Her touch , though frantic , still sent a bolt of arousal through him .
tr	NN	Most of the time the information clicked , like a collection of puzzle pieces falling into place . "
tr	NNS	His father 's words a distant memory , Link 's suffering presses down upon him like a thousand chains of consequence and duty .
tr	NNS	In the distance I could see the tall buildings of Denver rising above a line of trees along the horizon line .
tr	NNS	" She signed away her rights . "
tr	NNS	The man added a few drops of a clear solution in a plastic bottle .
tr	NNS	She has many broken ribs , both of her legs are broken and her right arm is broken in two places .
tr	NNS	Hand the cameras to the ambassador personally with a warning not to place them in my room again , or not mention them at all .
tr	NN	I rewound back the diner .
tr	NN	Kelly had received the travel package on her 19th birthday three months ago .
tr	NNS	Surely her brain was playing tricks on her .
tr	NN	I opened the cage .
tr	NN	I can feel the attraction between you .
tr	NN	A high-altitude nuclear EMP , or HEMP , deployed at nearly 100,000 feet , could have incredible range .
tr	NN	On her way out the door , Susannah made an appointment with the nurse .
tr	NN	" In fact , I have a package of chicken breast in the refrigerator .
tr	NN	Jeremy opened another drawer and emptied it into another box , knowing that Alvin had a point but not wanting to admit it .
tr	NNS	Stripes of late-afternoon sunlight seeped though the blinds , creating golden bands across her skin .
tr	NN	Otherwise , we 'd have no leverage to use to free the hostages .
tr	NN	" On the impossible task ? "
tr	NNS	" It didn 't bring up any shops or clubs . "
tr	NN	The light touch immediately sent up a clamoring in her body that was alarming in its strength .
tr	NNS	She had talents that usually only belonged to werewolves and shapeshifters .
tr	NNS	I needed my wits about me for what I was about to do .
tr	NN	Jax slapped some turkey on two pieces of bread .
tr	NN	The set-up would make a professional drool .
tr	NNS	He had no arguments to pose against her nightmare scheme , but he knew with a certainty past argument that she was wrong .
tr	NNS	In a scouting party they should have no fears .
tr	NN	" Nothing beats Ragu Old World style . "
tr	NNS	He knew his wizards . '
tr	NN	As his lips moved over hers , he snatched the condom out of her hand and ripped it open , rolling it onto his dick .
tr	NN	In fact , I got the distinct impression that the two of them were related . "
tr	NNS	People had filled their plates and were standing around chatting and , above all , Being There .
tr	NN	At least he knew how she would be feeling , they both shared the same fate yet he was willing to sacrifice himself for her .
tr	NN	Blood would have no effect on that raging mass .
tr	NN	If she doesn 't care for him , she simply selects a contest at which he is unlikely to prevail .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to kiss her until he 'd at least brushed his teeth .
tr	NN	And Gavin learned his lesson .
tr	NNS	Then she flipped her snow goggles down , shielding even more of her face from sight .
tr	NNS	They were sitting ducks .
tr	NNS	It held grief , and anger , and betrayal .
tr	NN	After stirring for a couple of minutes , he grabbed the tin and brought it over to the table .
tr	NNS	Married doctors who erred and strayed .
tr	NN	I stifle a moan as desire jolts through my body .
tr	NN	When checked , it was a message from Wayne , " I luv u ! "
tr	NN	Hart opened the tripod with one yank and set it on the floor .
tr	NNS	Then he came down the slopes and when he reached the woods they all went up in fire .
tr	NN	He was feeling that same intense attraction now .
tr	NN	She follows my brother 's example and listens for sounds of life from the inside .
tr	NNS	Paul gave directions to John as they climbed the hill through homes of ever-increasing size and opulence .
tr	NN	" Thanks , but I don 't need your pity ! "
tr	NN	A girl my age gave me a full body massage fully worth the cost .
tr	NNS	Then we sample the many delicious deep-fried foods , including a battered , deep-fried Mars bar .
tr	NNS	He adjusted the mirrors , and then looked at me .
tr	NNS	Pauling should have been cracking cans of beer and Kate should have been making toast and heating beans .
tr	NNS	So that had ruined dad 's chances .
tr	NN	Perennial joy or passing pleasure ?
tr	NN	The screen showed the electronic tally of offices and the votes each candidate for that office received .
tr	NN	Have you got a pen ? '
tr	NNS	The band of the fox slid down the wooden floors and then leaped to the third fortress from a balcony .
tr	NNS	We have cognitive faculties which have a tendency to generalise , delete and distort the data .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you understand even the basics of self-preservation ?
tr	NN	They always have protection from the overhead ... the overhead ... " His voice stammered , trailed off , but then he got his strength back .
tr	NNS	As I watched , my eyes played tricks and I imagined the ceiling was shimmering , like sea water in a light breeze .
tr	NN	I take the vial of memory serum from my pocket .
tr	NNS	Ayanna saw ramshackle houses and an endless amount of abandoned vehicles alongside of the road .
tr	NNS	The terriers followed Rhys like a small army of fur .
tr	NNS	Lodge reassembled the dungeon tiles and set the table back to rights .
tr	NN	Above the roar of the machines , Chuck heard a familiar shout .
tr	NNS	I admired the hand-blown glass ornaments , the crystal candy canes , and the shiny glass balls .
tr	NNS	And they would need servants who would have to be fed that cover story , and who would swallow it .
tr	NN	Rei lifted up the camouflage netting at the end nearest him .
tr	NN	She didn 't want the Assassins pretending to be gargoyles again .
tr	NNS	Steve added two clubs made of white oak to the pile .
tr	NNS	Who built those houses , Mattel ? "
tr	NNS	Through his heart , she felt his emptiness , his need for true companionship .
tr	NNS	So consider the texts , who is good ? "
tr	NN	Or maybe it was just that the job was so tough , she had lost her faith in humanity .
tr	NNS	Auntie has no issues with personal space , and I have to smother a laugh when I see his face pressed against her considerable bosom .
tr	NN	It would not only end her existence , it would also bear the responsibility for the end of many others as well .
tr	NN	Taking the gun from the seat beside him , he checked the magazine while he called Laurel .
tr	NN	Walter opened the drawer of the bedside table and took out a revolver .
tr	NN	He slowly climbed down a rocky hill along the water and when I got there , I panicked .
tr	NN	I give a light massage to the back of his neck .
tr	NN	He cautiously approached the highway , but no one was coming or going .
tr	NN	Mitch nodded and picked up a magazine .
tr	NN	She caught the amused gleam in his eyes .
tr	NN	So , Dr. Matthews , heard you have cancer ?
tr	NN	Even if he 'd programmed his phone number into her cell phone , she sensed the finality in the kiss .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes .
tr	NN	" I don 't want pity .
tr	NN	You 're using a password , Professor ?
tr	NN	Gar would make the worst father-in-law ever .
tr	NN	Far below him a vast plain rolled into the distance and beyond it blue cliffs rose , made ethereal by the ocean of air .
tr	NN	" Why on earth would I expect discretion from you ? "
tr	NNS	It may take centuries , eons - " " You 'd do that to her ? "
tr	NNS	With a sharp burst of pleasure , I dug my fingernails into his shoulder and groaned into his mouth .
tr	NNS	" No one can create new runes - " " Maybe she can , Jace . "
tr	NNS	You have some big balls . "
tr	NNS	" Not all of us have witches for moms . "
tr	NNS	" I didn 't use the proper rituals to let it out , so I don 't have any control .
tr	NN	" I 'm attending the reception with you ? "
tr	NN	Vlad had ordered Aden 's execution while remaining in the shadows .
tr	NNS	The district attorney will draw his own conclusions .
tr	NNS	Once a week she baked scones instead of muffins .
tr	NN	She felt his shudder and it sent her body into another rolling orgasm along with him , her h * ps spasming with his .
tr	NNS	Giving Kaitlyn his blood , drinking hers , had enhanced his powers , sharpened his senses .
tr	NNS	" We can get eleven if we can bump somebody and pick up Shine Royce , right ? "
tr	NN	We have other fish to fry my friend .
tr	NN	You might be getting a nasty cold , honey . "
tr	NN	I said a silent prayer and immediately thought of the Name Game I recently played , giving me a sense of protection .
tr	NNS	" Specific numbers ? "
tr	NNS	But people talk ... servants , the priests who hardly see her at temple . "
tr	NN	Kent 's sign was covered , the paint fueling the fire .
tr	NN	Some great forces brought the universe into existence .
tr	NN	I 've got the blue ribbon ! '
tr	NN	I put the deed on the table .
tr	NNS	And the group also includes diseases which are specific to certain subsets of the human population , particularly unfit subsets of the human population " .
tr	NN	They even cut apart the cardboard moving boxes in the closet .
tr	NN	Blake ripped the pillow from my grip .
tr	NN	I 'm not taking her virginity .
tr	NNS	Just exactly how many twins do you think there are in England , Beth ?
tr	NNS	Instead he touched the emeralds dangling from her ear .
tr	NNS	Not only that , he taught mathematics .
tr	NNS	Eyes worried , she knelt in the dirt beside me , heedless of her skirt .
tr	NN	He dropped the towel and went to her , sliding one arm around her as he took the cup and lifted it to his own lips .
tr	NN	His nearness made her heart flutter .
tr	NNS	Pack millions of them together and they do what letters are meant to do .
tr	NNS	Kings do not give up their crowns easily , sometimes they must be forced . "
tr	NN	He folded the bat across his knees like a samurai with his sword .
tr	NNS	" Again , they have witches here who can do that .
tr	NN	He silently offered up a quick prayer for strength .
tr	NNS	And she had the ribbons from the county fair to prove it .
tr	NN	Butterflies with wings the size of dragons filled her belly .
tr	NNS	How many millions does one need , anyways ?
tr	NN	I 'm not marrying anybody . "
tr	NNS	I waited a few beats .
tr	NN	She caught the undertone of amusement , as if her parents ' murder was nothing but a game .
tr	NN	Father 's last parting gift to me had given me a glimpse of the truth .
tr	NN	So I pushed the metal cart into the stacks , grabbed the books , and started putting them back where they belonged .
tr	NN	It also made it air proof , which Winter had clearly used to his advantage .
tr	NNS	You play cards ? "
tr	NNS	I see the TV crews from the West come to film documentaries .
tr	NN	I told the sales clerk that I wanted two dozen red roses .
tr	NNS	In others she was accepting her awards on the court or at fancy dinners .
tr	NNS	I extended my magical senses as best I could , tasting the air to see what had given me the shivers .
tr	NN	he praised the burger , meanwhile lettuce from it sprouted out of the corners of his mouth .
tr	NN	" You have the misfortune of living on the cutting edge of a totally different society .
tr	NNS	Everybody stopped their activities when Nomi went by .
tr	NNS	" I 've been getting some great shots . "
tr	NN	" And instant double promotion . "
tr	NN	I hold the football in my hands .
tr	NN	Then she laid down her fork , and leaned towards me .
tr	NN	You couldn 't feel a lump or bump or anything .
tr	NN	At the same time , I held my lit butt way out so it wouldn 't set her hair on fire .
tr	NN	Apart from his magical bag and 5,000 gold pieces of loot he also has magical fairy powder ( 1 round invisible as per the power ) .
tr	NNS	Around him he could see the other team members come to alert , their shoulders tensing , their hands flexing .
tr	NNS	She took deep calming breaths .
tr	NNS	The ship clove the clear waters .
tr	NNS	I had roses and her favorite champagne .
tr	NN	" I gave away my crystal collection !
tr	NNS	He heard and noticed Baby Huey 's twin rotors starting to turn .
tr	NNS	My parents certainly never had political discussions with me and Sebastian was ... he is a good older brother .
tr	NNS	She poured two steaming cups , adding milk generously to both .
tr	NN	In the rear view mirror I saw a tower of smoke rising from burning wreckage .
tr	NN	You nailed the landing .
tr	NN	For a brief moment , Dylan felt the urge to light up but pushed the desire away and finished his wine .
tr	NN	Everything in life has its own timing .
tr	NN	It made his teeth ache and vibrated his bones .
tr	NNS	She made little fluttery motions with her hands , and with one final glance at me , the man scuttled away .
tr	NN	They rolled up the bloodied rug and threw it in the van .
tr	NN	I haven 't seen a menu . "
tr	NN	She moves clumsily , weighted down by the backpack she carries .
tr	NNS	In the drug trade , you don 't expect happy endings .
tr	NNS	But I never took any honors classes or anything like that . "
tr	NN	Pari knows the owner .
tr	NNS	BETWEEN THEM IN their previous lives and afterward Reacher and Pauling had approached probably a thousand buildings that may or may not have contained hostile suspects .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances . "
tr	NN	The feelings I felt came rushing back , I felt my stomach knot .
tr	NN	Dr. Rosen pulled back the cloth covering a series of sharp needles and three vials of liquid .
tr	NN	She tucks a strand of dark hair behind her ear , and acts like she doesn 't believe that I 'm fine .
tr	NN	Daniel pondered the timing with his drive down to the area , and Rachel returned while he was away .
tr	NNS	I smiled and admired the puffy , red clouds as they floated on by .
tr	NN	We have the technology .
tr	NNS	At the top of the stairs , my feet met warm wool floors , the softness causing my feet to be buried .
tr	NN	I sipped the soda while looking at Kennan dubiously , afraid that he would revert back to the distance policy .
tr	NN	You shouldn 't have put that crap in my head if you didn 't want it to take . "
tr	NN	It quenched my thirst and it wasn 't water .
tr	NN	A twinkle cast in my direction showed his unfailing good humor .
tr	NN	He could feel her tremble .
tr	NN	He still had her pen .
tr	NNS	Lindy felt strangely breathless and dizzy with joy .
tr	NNS	" Aye , Glory has some interesting tastes . "
tr	NN	I heard my sharp intake of breath and then the slicing sound of metal meeting flesh .
tr	NNS	' Living with my parents has benefits .
tr	NN	Lizzie touched the lump in the bed , prodded when she didn 't feel anything solid , and then tore back the sheets .
tr	NN	If he parted the fur , or the coarser outer hair , gently with his claw , he felt a rippling , dazzling sensation .
tr	NNS	Wolf suggests ( p. 176 ) that this might account for certain " psychic phenomenon , altered states of awareness " , even ghosts and spirits !
tr	NNS	" I paid three hundred bucks for these .
tr	NNS	I then saw the quick and effective actions taken by the Secret Service . "
tr	NN	I hitched my backpack and headed to the street .
tr	NN	I didn 't have your faith .
tr	NN	He now had a nephew , and soon another niece or nephew .
tr	NNS	" Well , I added a few extras on there to be safe .
tr	NNS	They placed their palms against each other .
tr	NNS	Within the hour , they would turn those engines toward Mars and begin to decelerate until they reached the edge of the engagement zone .
tr	NNS	I have some great shots . "
tr	NNS	She held up her empty wineglass .
tr	NN	He even embraced his Ancestral status in order to gain enough power to accomplish his goal . "
tr	NNS	By then he didn 't need the sandals anyway since the sun was down and we were supposed to have dinner in a black tie restaurant .
tr	NN	I shift my huge hockey duffel higher on my shoulder , sending another wave of pain through my left side .
tr	NN	She watched the doorknob , but it never moved .
tr	NNS	" She 's had a few too many accidents lately for my comfort level . "
tr	NN	I know intelligence and it 's not spoken from the mouths of any welfare line or student loan free loader I tell you that truth .
tr	NNS	They wore necklaces made of candy .
tr	NNS	Her body heat penetrated the layers of their clothing , burning him clear to his bones .
tr	NN	Wolves needed structure and hated change .
tr	NNS	Dirt stains and all .
tr	NNS	" With the Last Battle impending , I can 't see any other issues of importance . "
tr	NNS	Dr. Carmichael signed the forms and handed them to Mom .
tr	NNS	" I 've never had aspirations of saving the world , but obviously I am not going to turn my back and pretend nothing is happening . "
tr	NN	Obviously they had organization in common too .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't have the powers to create things like that .
tr	NNS	Sarah dropped the biscuits and bolted for the front door and the source of the noise .
tr	NNS	he asked slyly . "
tr	NN	" I don 't want anybody to be maternal with me .
tr	NN	The morning ritual gave her a measure of comfort .
tr	NNS	She chose four business suits , two with skirts , two with pants , and a pair of shiny black patent leather pumps .
tr	NN	Catcher pulled a chunk of meat from his drumstick .
tr	NNS	No different from when captains controlled their own ships , and another captain 's opinion was relevant only when companies grouped together .
tr	NN	Someone had just knocked a whole rack of scarves over .
tr	NNS	I 've got my supplies and a place in the settlement , but I can tell there are folks here who frown upon a woman travelling alone .
tr	NNS	I step outside and Adam stares at me for a small second .
tr	NNS	" Maybe we should change sitting positions .
tr	NN	Pain had long since lost any meaning to her .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't see the buildings , the perfectly spaced lines , or the road .
tr	NNS	He took several deep breaths , then pulled out .
tr	NNS	The sun threw broken bits of light across her face .
tr	NNS	I get the benefits to me , Kevin .
tr	NN	On the phone with Travis that morning , his brother had mentioned a barbeque .
tr	NNS	Beethoven doubled her efforts .
tr	NNS	You 've called all the shots , but this time it 's my turn .
tr	NN	I grabbed a soda , planted myself on a chair , and looked at the others having fun in the water .
tr	NN	He gently placed the kitten in his bed .
tr	NN	" And I have an appointment to keep .
tr	NN	He gathered his briefcase and I followed him as he left the hotel .
tr	NNS	Within months of meeting her Alvin had ditched the cigarettes and was no longer a regular at the nearby casino .
tr	NN	It reached such a crescendo that the already agitated puffin was thoroughly unnerved .
tr	NN	" Wait you stubborn witch !
tr	NN	Cindy had her pistol trained on Eustace and began to pull the trigger .
tr	NN	Well , hopefully she 'll take my advice .
tr	NNS	" You mean , like those rags we threw away ?
tr	NN	A plume of blood and concrete filled the stairwell .
tr	NN	Tracy found a refrigerator in a lunchroom that had cold pizza .
tr	NN	I was eating the butter and the honey .
tr	NN	" No running around at Barbara 's , ok honey ?
tr	NN	I turn to see him watching me , his reptilian gaze a cold stroke down my spine .
tr	NNS	Both had given it a thumbs up .
tr	NN	As Thorne plucked open the plastic and picked the card out , I gave an unpleasant shudder .
tr	NNS	She wasn 't condoning his actions , just trying to smooth things out between them .
tr	NNS	" We 're consenting adults , Samantha .
tr	NN	He moved up the ramp , still glancing around the room in spite of himself .
tr	NNS	Maddie brought her fingernails to her teeth , and then chastised herself silently .
tr	NN	Good thing someone bagged up all this candy on the counter . "
tr	NN	" ' Take your crossbow and shoot it ! '
tr	NN	" Instead , " he continued , " Ike will pilot this rocket to the mother ship .
tr	NNS	Hunger growing inside him , he cupped her breasts and lavished them with attention .
tr	NN	Annie had used Wong 's interruption to cover her stealthy movement from the sitting room into Mrs. Voss 's bedroom .
tr	NNS	I 'm checking a few items . "
tr	NN	Over the millennia , the glacier had gouged a valley through the mountains .
tr	NNS	Except they weren 't kissing , just sharing the same few inches of air .
tr	NNS	All the new electric cars needed effective storage batteries to be practical , as well .
tr	NNS	Seldon inspected his surroundings .
tr	NN	Every surface sported ivy , holly , and greenery .
tr	NN	Today we are celebrating your engagement and upcoming marriage .
tr	NNS	Plus I also reduced the numbers in our favour .
tr	NNS	And I don 't mean fancy illusions .
tr	NNS	" We were just practicing some spells and I became a little tired . "
tr	NN	Dissolving into mist , he drifted down the staircase .
tr	NNS	Nana had left two million dollars to Smithson Pierpont Hastings , Jonathan Barnard Hastings , and Melissa Josephine Hastings .
tr	NN	Yet , inside , I felt disgust at the way I was feeling about this young man .
tr	NN	Only those in the wrong deserved punishment .
tr	NNS	and ethics ( If we didn 't bite , would they have screwed us over yesterday ? )
tr	NNS	The setting sun is lighting the buildings of downtown in gold .
tr	NNS	Quickly dashing to the center of the torches , Rift carefully scans his surroundings , waiting for the assassin to make her move .
tr	NNS	" Well , whatever it is , you now owe me a thousand bucks . "
tr	NNS	Said Lea , which made the kids cheer and take their positions in the field .
tr	NN	" Try the ice cream .
tr	NNS	Kill a few group members and make yourself feel better ? "
tr	NN	I didn 't have a bath , just hobbled into bed .
tr	NN	Clementine picked an errant feather from Grady 's down vest and blew it gently down the aisle .
tr	NN	" So , the guards buried the pilot and started cleaning up the containment area .
tr	NN	He had given her a glimpse of the darkness in him , the violence .
tr	NN	Charlotte had taken a liking to the photographer and was pleased to hear those two would soon be married .
tr	NN	" I always carry a painting by one of the Old Masters .
tr	NN	" Did he attend the funeral ? "
tr	NN	A moment later , he poured shampoo onto his hand before massaging it into her hair .
tr	NN	He called his nephew , Roland Thompson , into the office .
tr	NN	I let out a moan at his powerful sucking and nipping that ignited the fire between my legs .
tr	NN	I should slip into the sept and ask the Seven to make that knight my first opponent , Dunk thought , but that would have been impious .
tr	NN	Four boys were tossing a football back and forth in the center of the lot when they arrived .
tr	NNS	He played cards with us in Seth 's place last night .
tr	NNS	No need to hide the camp , just hide our tracks from here . "
tr	NN	' For who can challenge Death and live ? '
tr	NN	Jemima shook her head playfully , having heard it all before from him .
tr	NN	You were calling a truce .
tr	NN	" Mademoiselle , " he said sarcastically , his tongue flicking out over the end of his cigarette like a snake 's .
tr	NN	Alonzo took exception to her saying that .
tr	NNS	" If we can crowd five hundred men on each ship , we 'll need a hundred ships . "
tr	NN	She was studying human sexuality with some douchebag named Phillip . "
tr	NNS	Thankfully , she remembered only bits and pieces , but what she remembered was enough to make her break out in a cold sweat .
tr	NNS	He looked down at his hand again , his eyelashes hiding his eyes .
tr	NNS	You were continually making excuses for us to be together . "
tr	NN	McBride couldn 't speak the language .
tr	NN	Her mouth goes non-stop and I want to take an eraser to her .
tr	NN	Every case I had the proof to lead me to the person .
tr	NNS	Ronan didn 't need physics .
tr	NN	Once on the ground , the commando slapped a box magazine into his rifle and lifted the rifle to his shoulder , adjusting the sight .
tr	NN	We don 't realise the extent to which false light has taken over our lives .
tr	NNS	A great fold of grey flesh , shaped like a sail , briefly parted the waters .
tr	NN	His mouth fastened on hers , took possession .
tr	NN	Cassandra was examining the candle when Medea , standing in front of a cabinet with glass doors , quietly called her and Hector .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes , exhaling .
tr	NNS	You 'll need your wits about you . "
tr	NNS	He had already missed several classes .
tr	NN	Gabriel licked my earlobe .
tr	NNS	Today I have important classes , but I have to bunk my classes for Raj .
tr	NN	I gave Betty an update and promised to call her when I had more news .
tr	NN	He had a muscular frame that suited his six-foot height .
tr	NNS	" I like the monkeys , too . "
tr	NN	Some people had very light resistance and agreed readily with every suggestion , no matter how subtle .
tr	NNS	I drew my knives , calculating the odds .
tr	NN	She 'd never confessed the full extent of her past to anyone .
tr	NN	She could feel resentment rising up within her .
tr	NN	Do you have an appointment ?
tr	NN	Long ago , when you were trigger happy brats and Frank showed some potential .
tr	NNS	But my new associate has very deep pockets and is willing to finance a first-class lab for me . "
tr	NN	" Lead on , friend Longbow . "
tr	NNS	" Eden and Avalon 's twin connection should enable the teams to keep a safe , undetected distance while still maintaining contact .
tr	NNS	They needed to book more gigs given that next day 's Water Rats would be their last .
tr	NNS	We need your skills , Renna .
tr	NNS	" We have cameras for that sort of thing .
tr	NN	Iona touched his Collar .
tr	NN	I throw the pen across the room and ball my hands into fists .
tr	NN	And Peter felt a compelling urge to answer every question in them .
tr	NNS	When his kind and their masters first arrived , all had worn the forms The Cursed One had placed upon them .
tr	NNS	They have talents that can help . "
tr	NNS	He 'd killed dragons before .
tr	NN	I also saw a shapeshifter in what looked to be a gown made entirely of white fur .
tr	NN	" Get wet umbrella down ! "
tr	NN	Want 's got nothin to do with it .
tr	NNS	You have such extraordinary powers , and you don 't do a thing to exploit the rest of us .
tr	NN	In addition , your family has a reputation for being good at marriage .
tr	NN	" I found a disturbing CD , too . "
tr	NNS	I pushed aside cups and bottles and lay her down .
tr	NN	I need ... a bath . "
tr	NN	I can understand your reluctance to having me around . "
tr	NNS	" From what I remember , the worst thing that ever happened was stolen lawn ornaments from time to time .
tr	NNS	Grasping her hips , he pressed his pelvis to hers .
tr	NN	Guy measured her sincerity .
tr	NN	I 've never seen that style of blade before . "
tr	NN	I have only seen a demonstration of fishing mastery like that once before .
tr	NNS	Use any leftover funds to pay for a general feed for all elves over the age of say 10 years .
tr	NN	' We have a pilot ? '
tr	NNS	She has talons instead of a knife .
tr	NNS	" How can we search all these houses ? "
tr	NNS	Christ , did I wear marks there too ?
tr	NN	He had a lure in his back . "
tr	NN	" Yeah , I got an umbrella . "
tr	NNS	They took photographs of the stake and the surrounding area , and then , their business done , they returned to the ' copter .
tr	NN	He snatched up the receiver .
tr	NN	You cannot put a butterfly under captivity or he will die .
tr	NN	At least she was sharing her jump rope with them .
tr	NNS	" Mr. Crabtree , begin hauling anchor and prepare to set sail for that storm ! "
tr	NN	I eyed the jewelry .
tr	NN	He had the talent .
tr	NNS	Cruising out of the depths like the demon ships of dark , boyhood dreams .
tr	NN	" I broke curfew earlier in the week . "
tr	NN	Beside me , Mother sits up a little taller , a modest grin gracing her lovely face .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , Aaron was not feeling any compulsion to share .
tr	NN	After a moment of hesitation , Neil continued the climb .
tr	NN	" Let the king volunteer first ! "
tr	NN	You lose your humanity . "
tr	NN	I owe him that much respect . '
tr	NNS	The dark mage lifted down an hourglass from the cluttered shelf .
tr	NN	Ratty clothes dripped off her frame like fallen tears , and her face was a valley of cracks and fissures .
tr	NNS	I slap the bugs off the fur and my face .
tr	NN	Recognizing that hard truth , he holstered his pistol .
tr	NN	" I can get a towel , but I don 't own a swimsuit .
tr	NN	" So the jury should believe your version of the conversation and not Mrs. Garnet 's ? "
tr	NN	No one ever defeated a god .
tr	NNS	He grinned , a sudden whiteness in the dark .
tr	NNS	Oh they 'd mention the killings but not in any great detail .
tr	NN	The fact that she wore metal armour , though , signified an elite status that was undeniable .
tr	NN	Once we were there , we laid siege to the cities , sometimes for years .
tr	NN	Arms hugging her waist , Maryanne continued pacing .
tr	NNS	I 'd tell you some jokes and show you some magic tricks . "
tr	NN	She walked around the dragon and wrapped her arms as far around his neck as she could .
tr	NN	' She has the power o ' the land in her , ' said Rob Anybody stoutly . ' '
tr	NNS	And now Gladys was walking the same halls she longed to walk and talking to the same people to whom she wished she might speak .
tr	NNS	Nothing attracts faeries more than fear .
tr	NN	Before Gray could respond to the new danger , he heard the blast of a pistol .
tr	NN	I need your input .
tr	NNS	Then , suddenly , she lost Steve 's tracks .
tr	NNS	" Put out the lamps ! "
tr	NN	" Oh , that got ta suck . "
tr	NN	Diana had gotten a distinctly maternal gleam in her eye as she 'd gazed at the tiny packages of newborn humanity .
tr	NN	" If you can say that without smiling you might make a copper after all .
tr	NN	The town only had a handful of streetlights , and those were dim .
tr	NNS	" I have three meetings . "
tr	NN	" Open my cage . "
tr	NN	" You know , Andy loves figure skating .
tr	NN	I blow out the candle , and a plume of smoke rises between us , spirals up soft as a dream .
tr	NN	Emma set her napkin on the table , stood up and carried their plates to the sink .
tr	NN	She didn 't put any real venom into it .
tr	NNS	I slide my palms along his toned body , feeling the warm skin on his back .
tr	NN	He heard the growl of an engine .
tr	NN	She caressed her belly carefully not knowing whether to love or hate the little person inside of her .
tr	NN	I hold the sole responsibility in all decisions . "
tr	NNS	I see bright clouds , moving across the blue sky .
tr	NN	It took the most expensive divorce lawyer in Canada and two long years to settle that matter .
tr	NNS	" How 's your serving skills ? "
tr	NNS	" It is time , " she sang encouragingly .
tr	NN	In a fright I lifted up my rifle , pointing it at them .
tr	NN	" Listen , jerk , you can shove that attitude of yours where the sun doesn 't shine !
tr	NNS	I search the beaches as my feet sink into the cool sand .
tr	NN	Teeth grinding together against the anguish in his muscles , John hurled the wooden bat through one of the windows .
tr	NNS	" In our business , we make some enemies , " Forte told the microphones .
tr	NN	I wouldn 't give them that much credit .
tr	NN	He picked off the dryer lint and tossed it across the room .
tr	NNS	Your family had reserves ? "
tr	NNS	Before I could head for my house , he gave me directions to his .
tr	NN	Painter didn 't understand the language , but from the tones it sounded like a command to stay alert .
tr	NNS	Behind the walls of these long , carpeted hallways lay offices and consulting rooms where patients were given good news .
tr	NNS	" Forget arguments I am ready to lose anything that she wants me to lose " .
tr	NNS	See those roofs ? "
tr	NN	" Want a slice of pizza ? "
tr	NNS	The bedsheet didn 't cover the livid welts across his shoulders .
tr	NN	Several other of the McDonalds voiced their displeasure and soon the hall vibrated with angry shouts .
tr	NNS	" I mentioned my sisters ; they live here as well .
tr	NN	I had enough self-control to keep from punching the police .
tr	NN	And yet I get a bad reputation . '
tr	NN	" If his plan had worked , Mr. Binns would have collected money equivalent to the value of the car that was written off . "
tr	NN	Allan walked up saluted and shook hands , " George , seems you wound up running the damned show after all . "
tr	NN	The judge turns the icy glare of the judicial system on me .
tr	NNS	An attendant takes our coats , and Shelby gives me another once-over , shaking her head in admiration .
tr	NN	Mom stood over the stove wearing her favorite bright pink apron , stirring eggs in a saucepan .
tr	NNS	" I admit , the whole Vegas wedding thing gets points for romance .
tr	NN	" I must have missed that lesson . "
tr	NN	My suite had a nice bath plus a small sitting area , and I was betting I had the best bedroom inside the safe house .
tr	NN	I threw a shoe at your face and nearly kissed you .
tr	NNS	I set up the numbers of the power cards I had been able to buy , in such a way that they constitute the next nine twitches .
tr	NN	The voiceover says , " The flag of the former United States of America .
tr	NN	Even in bear form , she still had attitude .
tr	NNS	Maybe he had more allies in the locker room , and just didn 't know who they were .
tr	NNS	If I wasn 't in Calliope 's palace in twenty minutes , Cronus would kill millions more .
tr	NN	He checked the caller ID and apologized to me before he turned his back and answered .
tr	NN	Anne considered the option and saw the sound reasoning in it .
tr	NNS	He had night goggles and led us out .
tr	NNS	" Rubi , I can 't go over the changes she wants now , and you have someone waiting - " " What are these ? "
tr	NNS	Nick sent more fireballs to the demons .
tr	NN	She twirled a strand of hair around her finger , a gesture that reminded him of Elise .
tr	NN	You must have had quite an effect on him to get him into such a state . "
tr	NN	They had just topped the hill when a car passed them by .
tr	NN	He kept her stable so the friction generated by her own body didn 't tear her into pieces .
tr	NN	" Maybe they used some accelerating substance ? "
tr	NNS	Water cascaded over the deep scratches and gouges in Eric 's body , cleansing him , but unable to ease his pain .
tr	NNS	I just take a few bucks here or there to get by .
tr	NNS	He could feel the roughness of the gloves on his cheeks , his forehead , his lips , his chin .
tr	NN	Buddhism , particularly as it is popularly practiced , promises improvement through karma .
tr	NNS	He has powers you don 't know about .
tr	NNS	We followed the gems through the living room and kitchen .
tr	NNS	It bore the marks of some obscure private courier service .
tr	NN	' Quite so , ' said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NN	I swallow the hard lump that 's grown in my throat .
tr	NN	Brody had never recovered his full health , and Sadie was ever frustrating him being gone all of the time in her quest for revenge .
tr	NNS	Scott slammed the breaks , sending Lily smashing into the back of the cab .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you do the plates and I 'll do the flames .
tr	NN	The spark of hope in her burned away any residual fatigue .
tr	NN	She only wanted a bath !
tr	NNS	He had always had my best interests at heart , and I never imagined this would be any different . "
tr	NN	I needed the safe sanity of his homemade garage and his warm hand around my cold fingers .
tr	NN	Tom , bless him , had brought Grey 's pistol , shot bag , and powder , as well as his coat and stockings .
tr	NNS	The frigid water slowed his movements and lack of air disconnected his mind from his flailing limbs .
tr	NNS	The African guard had begun his prayers and was not watching them closely .
tr	NN	He had correspondence from the hills and valleys to the west that went far past the territorial lines of the Sovereigns .
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths .
tr	NNS	" I 'd lose my clients .
tr	NNS	We take blood and tissue samples here and send them away to be studied .
tr	NN	I was fighting the urge to cry .
tr	NN	I had all the closure I could handle for the moment .
tr	NNS	" My parents had issues with me coming over here . "
tr	NNS	And they even took off the helmets !
tr	NNS	The near-total blackness , dramatic and inexplicable changes to the landscape , the sense of lurking danger ... no , it was definitely not natural .
tr	NNS	I leaned about six inches from her but kept her restrained with my arms on either side of her face .
tr	NNS	So save your apologies for someone else . "
tr	NNS	He whispered a few more spells to them , arranging them around so that he had a clear view of the forest below .
tr	NN	He gave it a shove , trying to push it down the slope and out of their way .
tr	NN	I could feel the gulf between us , the simmering hurt and anger , and swallowed the last of my damn pride .
tr	NNS	I stopped listening and doodled basketball defenses on the back of my hand , covering up the red X with little circles and smaller Xs .
tr	NNS	They 'll defend the rights of their ships to go anywhere on the high seas with any cargo , whether or not they approve of this one .
tr	NNS	" My wife shaped bowls and cups with her hands , too .
tr	NNS	Like I mentioned last night , we mainly do cattle here . "
tr	NN	The men were drinking ale and discussing warfare and alliances and , of course , their most hated enemy , Duncan Cameron .
tr	NN	" But according to what we got off of Garrett 's computer , the patent office has a bogus design on file for the Genesis plans .
tr	NNS	" Well , you see , people now want full , human-sized versions of the clothes !
tr	NNS	The creature didn 't share any visions with me , so I was a bit suspicious at first .
tr	NN	Alex could hear the quiver in her own voice and hated herself for it .
tr	NN	' Quite an int ' resting long vacation , really , ' said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NNS	I liked the crowds of strangers , hill people who would be gone before long .
tr	NN	I had no conception that vessels ever came so far north and was astounded at the sight .
tr	NNS	When I walk into the kitchen , my father is pouring two cups of coffee .
tr	NN	" So you 'll give him the right dagger ? "
tr	NNS	" You have contracts for three planes in the air . "
tr	NN	I couldn 't fight off the smirk as his head leaned over to the spoon and dipped out a bit to taste .
tr	NN	He saw a farmhouse surrounded by trees and acres of rolling cornfields .
tr	NN	She put her fork down too .
tr	NNS	For the first time , he left the confines of his trial period of blindness and entered a wider , uncontrolled environment .
tr	NN	Tell the universe it is safe once more .
tr	NNS	She 's practicing her powers , using them , mastering them .
tr	NN	Then I went owl - in part because it was easier - and in part because no carnival charlatan could ever hope to duplicate the feat .
tr	NNS	" Those your mules ? "
tr	NNS	Once again he turned his attentions to the surface , searching nigh and far .
tr	NNS	I collect my painting supplies .
tr	NN	She began a chant in her ancient tongue , and soon flames covered her body .
tr	NN	He gave her a gentle squeeze .
tr	NNS	I remembered my suspicions that she was being ridiculed more than she let me see and walked over to her , placing a hand on her arm .
tr	NN	The others had sought revenge and remained in Greece to continue the fight .
tr	NN	I must accept destiny for what it is .
tr	NN	" I got my elephant in Sri Lanka . "
tr	NN	When she reappeared , she was dragging her backpack behind her as if it weighed fifty pounds .
tr	NN	" Hello honey . "
tr	NNS	King had connections in Crete .
tr	NNS	For now we put the cans to the left side of the front entry .
tr	NNS	" Well , maybe we should do that , " he smiled encouragingly .
tr	NN	The beauty house was split into an east and west wing , they chose the west wing .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't like dogs . "
tr	NN	" We got a shopping cart full of stuff back there . "
tr	NNS	I have extra classes , and with my internship , it 's probably just stress . "
tr	NN	" Not a huge chunk of it .
tr	NNS	Some skeletons wore the remains of burial wrappings .
tr	NN	In the manner of one who is going to try all possibilities , he took the remnant of spoon out of his pocket and let it drop .
tr	NNS	" All right , give us our packs and we will go . "
tr	NN	" The police are already investigating the disappearance of your father .
tr	NNS	His touch zaps my senses , and a jolt runs up my arm and down through my body to my toes and between my legs .
tr	NN	They would have steak .
tr	NN	She gripped the doorknob and froze .
tr	NNS	" I want to go with you , " the novice said fervently .
tr	NN	Reece ignored their discomfort .
tr	NNS	Get coats , a flashlight .
tr	NN	I looked around the bustling cafe and knew I needed to get back to work .
tr	NNS	But she 'd dropped her shields , all of them , and he knew the effect he was having on her .
tr	NNS	Those bodies could have bite marks and that would be disastrous if they 're found . "
tr	NN	Alice 's wrinkled face formed a scowl of annoyance as Helen continued shuffling the deck after several long moments .
tr	NN	You give me command of the scouts and accept that I 'm not answerable to you .
tr	NNS	' Well , I won 't make so many arrangements in future .
tr	NN	He kisses my temple and smiles before disappearing back into the crowd of people .
tr	NNS	All other assassins blindfolded their victims , but the nameless warrior looked them in the eye when he took their lives .
tr	NN	It would keep the stern of the boat into the waves and help prevent any broaching .
tr	NN	Nate heard the fence rattle as the man reached it , heard the man crunch onto the wood chips on the far side .
tr	NN	He stroked her temple with one finger , but that was all it took to give her a thin thread of calm to grasp on to .
tr	NNS	He gave me a thumbs up and looked about to speak when a pair of hands encircled his head .
tr	NN	I have enjoyed our correspondence immensely and it seems you have as well .
tr	NN	Thousands didn 't even have electricity .
tr	NNS	Liza pulled the covers back and I placed Michael into his toddler bed .
tr	NN	Get some fresh material and get back to me . "
tr	NN	Slightly embarrassed , she swallowed the lump in her throat and smiled at Sebastian .
tr	NN	He opened a drawer in his desk ; his gun lay next to a small Taser device .
tr	NNS	He picked up the reins and looked down at her with a stony face .
tr	NN	She craved her independence too much .
tr	NNS	I traded weekends with a friend so I can come to you in February .
tr	NN	" I just want a hot bath and a very large glass of wine . "
tr	NN	Jeremy recalled his expose of Timothy Clausen , a man who claimed to be able to speak to spirits from beyond the grave .
tr	NN	Ser Glendon did not have a visor to lower .
tr	NN	" May I approach the bench ? "
tr	NN	Mary set aside the pen she was using and scuttled down the hall .
tr	NN	You could shut lust up by giving it what it wanted .
tr	NN	came a dazed groan .
tr	NNS	Really she was following the two plates of omelet , not Jake ; he just happened to be carrying them .
tr	NN	I was just doing a favor .
tr	NN	" The bank president ? "
tr	NN	Above the mantle , which was strewn with magazines , there hung a painting of a man and a woman .
tr	NNS	I let my thighs spread open as he slid a finger between my legs and snagged the edge of my panties .
tr	NNS	Don 't take chances .
tr	NN	She set her pizza slice down and curled up next to me , holding my hand tightly .
tr	NNS	" Have you noticed changes in her crest , neck or shoulders ? "
tr	NNS	At most , if we were conservative , we had enough supplies for a week .
tr	NNS	" It would only take out two Architect ships at best . "
tr	NNS	He walked a few yards to the tent and glanced back to his negligent parents before he entered .
tr	NN	Carmine spotted a baseball bat hidden near the register for protection and grabbed it .
tr	NN	" Bob has just had a hex placed upon him by an evil sorcerer . "
tr	NN	Remembering Vincent 's reaction , or lack thereof , to Ariel 's flirtations brought a fresh bubble of nausea to my stomach .
tr	NN	Pizza in the room appears both cheapest and tastiest option .
tr	NN	Taylor had used a label maker to mark each section .
tr	NNS	Dreadlocks and Baldy made noises that sounded like relieved whoops .
tr	NN	Jonah 's experience with Lori had altered his outlook on relationships , made it difficult for him to trust .
tr	NNS	I don 't need any more rides .
tr	NNS	" A soul item , " Haze continued , " will take many forms .
tr	NNS	She rinsed out the cups and turned to Jeanette .
tr	NN	The dome of the mausoleum glinted dully in the moonlight several blocks away .
tr	NN	Her blonde hair invited intelligence based mockery , her flame riddled eyes threatened retaliation for any that showed up .
tr	NNS	He cast the reports aside .
tr	NNS	Of course Gentiles had their own temples , their own merchants selling animals for sacrifice .
tr	NNS	Something beyond his own body dominated his actions as Mike propelled customer after customer aside to make his way to Garcia .
tr	NNS	Without his support , she almost felt dizzy .
tr	NNS	But he had no cigarettes and no pockets : nor indeed did he feel himself alone .
tr	NN	Summary of Surveillance The Operatives undertook a high-risk operation that could lead to answers ... or expulsion ... or both .
tr	NN	You don 't just let anybody into the bush with a weapon like that or accidents will happen . "
tr	NN	Then softly , slowly he gives the same treatment to the other side of my neck .
tr	NN	" I have no clue , " Mike gave a shrug of his own .
tr	NN	The thought of the cure once again made my heart leap .
tr	NNS	" And I must tender my apologies for my earlier behavior , when I , ah , hid from you .
tr	NNS	Whoever the backers of this project were , they certainly had deep pockets .
tr	NN	Her comments startled um , who lost its focus and allowed the milk to splash on the floor , subject to gravity again .
tr	NN	He still had that same knowing smirk .
tr	NN	She unwound some fine thin wire holding the remaining loops until they too hung down .
tr	NN	He claimed every waltz !
tr	NN	The intruder let out a groan and fell back , letting go of the cord .
tr	NNS	I quickly pull the covers over us .
tr	NN	What harm could there possibly be in giving it a shot ?
tr	NN	He tore off her gag .
tr	NNS	I 'm just getting restless holed up here .
tr	NNS	" Which systems ? "
tr	NN	I saw a Swastika scrawled across the side of one of the huts . '
tr	NNS	" Who knows what kind of lunatic may be roaming the halls .
tr	NNS	Simon slipped past Vlad and said nothing .
tr	NN	Lexi stopped pacing and looked at her lawyer .
tr	NN	Then , I saw a flood of light that flooded the universe , and could see a boat sailing over the light .
tr	NN	I heard the gunfire . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll happily pay you for it , I 'll make some enquiries about its worth .
tr	NN	Jana sat cross legged on the plush carpet of the pledge room .
tr	NNS	As family members come to visit patients , they even contribute small funds to the cause .
tr	NNS	He liked wizards and magic .
tr	NNS	" You know , Rob , you really should obtain some servants of your own to do that work for you .
tr	NNS	He 's holding my best friends captive .
tr	NNS	His hands pushed her thighs apart ; his hips took their place between hers .
tr	NNS	Using their letters of marque , together they fattened their pockets .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods I didn 't go that far .
tr	NN	And I don 't want the wonderful flavor to go away . "
tr	NNS	Even I couldn 't find your fingerprints when I looked into it . "
tr	NN	He has a small moustache -- also neatly kept .
tr	NN	Surprisingly , they obeyed the command .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths and looked over at my sleeping sister .
tr	NNS	Owen eyed the torches and the Fire , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	NNS	I almost believed the lies I told myself .
tr	NN	Michael laid down his menu on the table , folded his hands and looked at her .
tr	NN	' She 's got a spatial Talent , one that changes how things are in space with relation to other things .
tr	NN	We were had a rally stating we didn 't like the new school lunches .
tr	NN	You 've got your cream .
tr	NNS	He had grass stains on his chest and arms .
tr	NNS	I don 't see any complicated wires sticking out of it ; neither do I see anything else on its surface .
tr	NN	There was only one organization harboring such a vendetta against Sigma .
tr	NNS	" Bring us back some more mouths to feed . "
tr	NN	I untied my apron , pulled it off , and tossed it onto the counter .
tr	NNS	He finally answered everyone 's continuous stares at us .
tr	NN	When he turned , the light streaming in behind him created a halo effect that vanished the moment he walked toward Sean .
tr	NNS	My sweater has a few dark stains that I know could be either mud or blood or a mixture of both .
tr	NN	Feeling as if she could use some herself , she offered the little guy some affection .
tr	NNS	Draining him completely , I withdrew my fangs and growled .
tr	NNS	She hid these reactions and her thoughts under a falsely bright smile as Regan tucked her arm through Sonia 's and led her to the door .
tr	NN	He opened a drawer , withdrawing a notepad and pen .
tr	NNS	He heard noises from his right and he pushed himself to his knees and began to crawl backward toward the hall .
tr	NN	" Can we try the fudge too ? "
tr	NNS	He was cleaning an elk carcass in the yard and he came in and stuck his big bloody hand right in my popcorn bowl ! "
tr	NNS	All ten of the soldiers quickly level their spears at the three of them in response .
tr	NN	Claire felt the shudder through her hand as the little shoulders began to shake with sobs .
tr	NNS	" Use the spears . "
tr	NN	He walked his bicycle out of the gate .
tr	NN	I lost the towel .
tr	NN	Tearing his mouth from her own , he ignored her pleading little moan and the desperate clutching of her fingers at his back .
tr	NNS	Take some classes or something . "
tr	NN	Afterwards , I get a three-day vacation package thrown in for good measure . "
tr	NNS	Of course , the man could use all his connections and vast resources .
tr	NNS	Many have heard the ghosts moaning and wailing and making a terrible noise . "
tr	NN	On my word of honor , I will always place Corinne 's health and happiness above my own .
tr	NN	" He had a visitor last night .
tr	NN	But even a stupid cur could sense the sincerity of her angry words .
tr	NN	They could get a pod out that evening , so they were going .
tr	NNS	Within moments , Tasha had recovered her wits and realized that she was fervently clutching Hal .
tr	NN	And for one moment , one very brief moment , I catch a glimpse of the boy I once knew .
tr	NN	She twirled a strand of dark hair around her index finger .
tr	NN	Lina inadvertently shoved the crackled vase full of lilies out of the way .
tr	NN	I 'll set up an appointment for you . "
tr	NN	" I will take your proposal under consideration , Nikolaus .
tr	NNS	But it presents the gods in a less favourable light .
tr	NNS	" We can always sip our coffees . "
tr	NNS	" Not for us , Miss. " He flipped the pages to an empty spot .
tr	NN	Red lights filled the belly of the plane with a hellish glow .
tr	NNS	We should test your powers .
tr	NN	The jasmine woman took out a black canister , rolled the tablet into her hand and knocked it back and swallowed and exhaled .
tr	NN	You took that leap of faith and pulled me up the mountain right behind you . "
tr	NNS	" This gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	Larry grabbed three stools and set them down .
tr	NN	" My mother has that effect on me .
tr	NNS	According to their daughter , earlier that day , her father came home smelling of booze and started a huge fight with his wife .
tr	NNS	They were writing new layers of heroics without even trying .
tr	NN	Andy gave a bored , dismissive groan .
tr	NNS	Nicolas sprinted the last few yards to reach them .
tr	NN	Beast gave chase , a streak of black and white .
tr	NN	She 'd pictured their reunion often over the years , sometimes in wistful daydreams , more recently since Trevor had become her assignment .
tr	NNS	" So you got your own pans ? "
tr	NNS	She didn 't usually like human scents , but this man smelled of coffee , outdoors , soap , and a musk all his own .
tr	NN	He can stew by himself for a little longer -- won 't do him any harm ... " Four distinct voices laughed .
tr	NN	We were exploring the first option . "
tr	NNS	Ward handled the more masculine designs , making a name for himself as the decorator for sports stars across the Southeast .
tr	NN	He looked up and down the hill ; no pedestrians and no cars .
tr	NNS	" You would prefer wolves to sheep ? "
tr	NN	Tench heard the pilot trying to restart the engine .
tr	NN	" What grade are you in ? "
tr	NNS	They weren 't giving Tess up without a fight .
tr	NN	I picked up the pen , looked at the pad , and questioned my next move .
tr	NNS	James held the birds , and he bowed his head as the priest came down the line towards us . "
tr	NNS	Only now and then did I see the babies , the murdered innocent ones , and I cried .
tr	NNS	The light of the moon brightened the clouds outside the window .
tr	NN	If I can save him and help us achieve our goal at the same time ... well , then .
tr	NN	He caressed her cl * t watching her cry out as he coated his fingers with her essence .
tr	NNS	Echo felt all her blood drain from her face .
tr	NN	She would never live down that nickname .
tr	NN	He contacted his informant and was given bad news .
tr	NN	As I walk and gaze at the rolling hills in the distance , I fight the urge to just keep walking , to step over the line .
tr	NNS	See terms and restrictions on Red Thumb 's website .
tr	NNS	I quickly grab a few items of Bob 's clothes that will swim on Tomas , but it 's the best I can do right now .
tr	NNS	His hands caressed my thighs as I willingly complied .
tr	NNS	I 've got teams of my deputies flying in right now .
tr	NNS	It always makes my insides hurt to hear her talk of her life before Mom and Dad took her in .
tr	NN	For a split second , she felt the overwhelming terror of being left alone again .
tr	NN	The stones they were hurling into the Mongol ranks were wreaking havoc .
tr	NN	She held a throw pillow to her breast .
tr	NN	This earned her a glare from Dottie Cox , the proprietor and chief bartender .
tr	NNS	We have some weather fronts moving in . "
tr	NNS	Well , he 'd met the other two members of the family .
tr	NN	She preferred indifferent mockery .
tr	NN	" I could try an experiment with a nice guy .
tr	NNS	After over an hour on the phone she had requested samples of boot carpets from each manufacturer .
tr	NN	Then I unbuttoned my shrug , shimmied out of it , and dropped it out of sight behind the seat .
tr	NN	We farmed wheat and grew vegetables .
tr	NNS	I gave a little hiss of shock , and Marshall , who 'd been staring after the departing lawman , helped me straighten .
tr	NNS	She rubs my back in slow circular motions as a cold sweat breaks out over my body .
tr	NN	" Try the lower drawer on the left .
tr	NNS	Eventually we had two distinct factions , and all too frequently , disturbances occurred between the two groups .
tr	NN	They have a pump to push the water up into the great hall .
tr	NN	Will Iris marry her mail-order cowboy ?
tr	NNS	When they looked around the square they could see German sentries posted at each entrance .
tr	NN	He was wearing the local uniform - white pants and white shirt , but he had an American tie with red white and blue stripes .
tr	NNS	Evidently your time in the military has dulled a few skills . "
tr	NNS	" My mom liked candles .
tr	NN	" You need a punishment you won 't soon forget . "
tr	NNS	She 'd pictured the possible scenarios over and over , in an array of bloody , violent ends .
tr	NNS	So I just left the trays outside the door . "
tr	NNS	It also hovered only a few inches from her skin , same as with Kingsley .
tr	NNS	And you froze my investments .
tr	NN	Her response gave her attraction away , though .
tr	NN	She grabbed a lighter from the kitchen junk drawer , ripped up some papers , and lit the flame .
tr	NNS	He braced his palms on his knees as he panted , trying to catch his breath .
tr	NNS	Technology allowed armies to kill more people and granted governments the means to monitor and control their people .
tr	NN	If he 's Declan 's brother , he must have some kink in him somewhere . "
tr	NNS	We have the same skills . "
tr	NN	He only knows hunger .
tr	NNS	The man placed hard plastic safety helmets on their heads and allowed them to watch from behind a billowing sheet of plastic .
tr	NNS	I 've got some sandwiches in my handbag . "
tr	NN	He pulled off the spy backpack that I 'd made fun of when I first saw it .
tr	NNS	After a final careful look around , he followed his tracks back toward the garden .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods for modern technology .
tr	NN	A deep , long kiss , as he savored the sweetness that was his Claire .
tr	NN	Pulling myself upright , I can 't even meet their sorrow filled glances .
tr	NNS	She swam backwards ; he kept pace until she slowed down , granite sweeping across the bottom of her feet .
tr	NN	On the next push , the cart emitted a soft growl .
tr	NNS	No one was driving the roads , but he chose to walk the length despite the cold , dreary flurries .
tr	NNS	Got too many cats around here already .
tr	NNS	" They were just following their instincts .
tr	NNS	Barclay put down his untouched sandwiches .
tr	NN	' Now we have a Plan , all we got tae do is work out what tae do .
tr	NNS	Where did the staff keep all the supplies ?
tr	NNS	' They hate all forms of glass . '
tr	NN	She made a mad dash for the door , but he caught her .
tr	NN	I placed a towel on my chair and sat down waiting for my turn to shower .
tr	NNS	' No , ' said Legolas . '
tr	NNS	" You see these plugs ? "
tr	NN	My pa initiated the festival to be on Christmas Day because he figured it was an easy way to get everyone to church beforehand .
tr	NNS	The entrance hallway was grand and echoey , no rugs to muffle the sound of their boots across the polished wooden floor .
tr	NN	" And while I am at it , I will grab a mop and some gloves for picking up glass fragment too , oh lucky me ! "
tr	NN	And in fact , the courts will not recognize a confession unless it has been obtained through torture .
tr	NNS	But Nik has other obligations and you 'll need to be prepared for any eventuality . "
tr	NN	" I don 't have any fondness for the bitch myself . "
tr	NN	He left his entire estate to Leslie .
tr	NN	He silently summoned his uncle , needing someone who could help him understand .
tr	NNS	Or cheap imported versions .
tr	NN	He now had a roster of merely three , and they were the meek and boot licking three at that .
tr	NN	This catapulted the old pirate into loud laughter for a long time and in a hard , guttural manner .
tr	NN	Michaels sighed wearily , " If you 're worried about blindness , forget it .
tr	NN	Instead , she doubled her usual contribution of groceries to the food cupboard .
tr	NN	I missed my sanity .
tr	NN	She had given him enough advice to earn his trust and hopefully he would jump on the information she provided in this letter .
tr	NN	It caught her off-guard , but she admitted it was .
tr	NN	" Indeed , Uncle , I share your dismay .
tr	NN	" You have caused Jaxon much sorrow in her life , Mr. Drake , " Lucian said quietly , his voice gentle .
tr	NNS	He kicked the boxers aside , molding their bodies flush against each other .
tr	NN	Although he could have done so , he didn 't pull rank to impede or further an official investigation .
tr	NNS	It took them several attempts to make it to the bedroom .
tr	NNS	You had 20 experts working for 12 hours on this .
tr	NNS	" I want the other Houses to know that you 're mine . "
tr	NN	She felt pity for Lori , angry with Ryan , sad that she 'd never known this , regret for not being there for her friend .
tr	NN	Brick weighed up a nearby umbrella as a weapon before realising the spider could just as easily be that .
tr	NN	Soon they were loosing shaft after shaft at the milling horsemen within .
tr	NN	Then we can pick a more specific location .
tr	NN	After only a short search , he found an abundance of wild plums , and he also found ripe blackberries .
tr	NNS	You can control dragons like you controlled your pet spider . "
tr	NNS	I heard whistles and people scrambling around me from all angles .
tr	NNS	" Thank heavens , that at least is one small mercy .
tr	NN	Coach Julian makes consideration for us girls , since his wife had breast cancer ; he made sure we were protected in areas that were easily targeted .
tr	NN	" Put a pinch of that in the bowl and stand back . "
tr	NN	The preacher felt a knot in his belly .
tr	NNS	Jessica could see paper cups and a sheet of newspaper suspended in the vortex .
tr	NN	She placed a large platter of pancakes in the center of the circular table .
tr	NNS	I crushed our mouths together , mingling our breath , taking claim on exactly what I wanted .
tr	NN	A commoner steals the Queen away in the night and returns with her half dead .
tr	NNS	Maybe you can even get the fires started in your sanctum again .
tr	NN	To have a steady supply of strong fresh blood ?
tr	NN	Death picked up the Death of Rats by his cowl and held him up for inspection .
tr	NN	He plopped the remaining brownie into his mouth as he grinned , standing there motionless , only his mouth moving as he tasted the magnificent dessert .
tr	NN	He met each outfit with a nod of approval or a shake of the head .
tr	NN	' So don 't kill your ancestor , ' I say smugly , even though I know what Pat means and I agree with him .
tr	NNS	I 'd run a few deals , earned a few dollars , but mostly I tried to stay out of his way .
tr	NNS	" I was seeing the ghosts of war past and war future .
tr	NN	He put his fork back in its recess .
tr	NN	I 'd recognize that thicket of dark , shiny hair anywhere .
tr	NNS	" So did the doctors .
tr	NNS	" I gave the innkeeper the silver buckles from my shoe . "
tr	NNS	Helen , on the other hand , missed several possibly pertinent issues when his hands kneaded her tense muscles .
tr	NNS	Next to this , another shot of the two men smoking cigarettes , this time overlooking a crumbled London .
tr	NN	Cal - " He cut her off yet again , informing her , " We 're planning a victory celebration first .
tr	NNS	Michael and Charles have their offices on this floor as well .
tr	NNS	" You put illusion spells of gifts around your tree ? "
tr	NNS	" If you fall , or cut yourselves ... . "
tr	NN	" It 'll ruin the furniture . "
tr	NNS	" If I 'm getting my power from you , " said Haven , " then where do the others get their abilities ? "
tr	NN	I swallow the lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	They 've spent centuries watching the wrong people . '
tr	NNS	" Sophie loves dogs .
tr	NN	" Well , we can still set up the trap . "
tr	NN	While Alonso checked on Lea , Fergus was cleaning the bloodied mouthpiece that Lea dropped when leaning on the ropes .
tr	NN	They quickly pull the cub down below and close the door , as the cub cries out for help .
tr	NNS	What do you mean texts ? "
tr	NN	They too deserved revenge .
tr	NNS	Toby and Jared had fancy apartments , but this was something else altogether .
tr	NN	Most of them saw every oddity as a mark of beauty , or power .
tr	NN	She packed up the hut after filling it and the drinking container with cold lake water .
tr	NN	Aiden 's voice made her stiffen , " Don 't you want it to end ? "
tr	NNS	Then she heard more loud noises , different from the booming sound , in that the house didn 't shake .
tr	NNS	Tell me your terms and I 'll have the money in your account by this afternoon . "
tr	NN	And I feel her fingers wrap around my own .
tr	NNS	An evening when she could wear fun , funky clothing , put her troubles behind her and just have a good time .
tr	NNS	Since there were so many soldiers , they 'd make multiple trips .
tr	NN	" We saw your location from some height and somehow managed to reach you . "
tr	NN	Valerie put down her fork , her appetite having fled .
tr	NN	I hung up an old boot . '
tr	NNS	Thankful for the darkness , she shoved the covers aside and started to rise from the bed .
tr	NNS	Oh , and the dogs like you .
tr	NNS	As the designated trainer and the eldest of their breed , his presence didn 't drain their powers , but everyone else 's did .
tr	NN	I leave the restroom and head for the elevator .
tr	NN	Noelle handed me a rough napkin , and I dabbed my cheeks , flinching .
tr	NN	But the violence and the threat issued by the ghost didn 't leave Kylie any option .
tr	NNS	I only had animal desires .
tr	NNS	Even though I know the horses , the sound instinctively makes the hairs on my arms rise .
tr	NNS	I saw several gangs of youths walking together along these squalid streets .
tr	NN	" And you take your lumps like a woman .
tr	NNS	I had watched her graceful movements , as she negotiated her way amongst the outcropping rocks .
tr	NNS	" Figured you had connections and channels above the law .
tr	NNS	I 've never had any serious issues with power control .
tr	NNS	You have many contacts , and I understand you have talked with reporters and were a kind of celebrity last summer .
tr	NN	Odd that as little as she thinks of me , she did not see this defiance coming .
tr	NN	Its limbs dripped slime onto the deck as it rolled toward sleeping Kate .
tr	NNS	Ellie could hear soft murmurs behind the heavy wood .
tr	NNS	A few times I have even seen wolves and coyotes .
tr	NNS	" Lily can give you all the technical data if you want it .
tr	NNS	I could feel several dozen pairs of eyes upon me as we made our way across the room .
tr	NN	Lips sealing in resolve , she located her oil jar and hurriedly began to smear its contents across her face in preparation for makeup .
tr	NN	I was losing oxygen too quickly to think straight .
tr	NN	" You 've been helping my previous assistant for the past six months , is that correct ? "
tr	NN	He opened the jar and poured some liquid onto the towel .
tr	NN	He checked the clock in Dragos 's lab and scowled to see that it was just past one in the afternoon .
tr	NN	The central issue revolved around the question Irene 's attorney posed to the agency 's lawyer .
tr	NN	Seriously , he already killed my whole clan .
tr	NNS	" You can take people 's powers ? "
tr	NNS	She gave the dog hugs and kisses , which made him jump out of bed and let out just a few happy barks .
tr	NNS	Apparently , they had built huge IP assets over the past few years .
tr	NNS	He picks up the items , individually priced and one by one punches each number carefully into the register .
tr	NN	' Give away the whole estate ? '
tr	NNS	And he 'd get benefits , as well , lightening the burden more .
tr	NN	" I 've tried , but - - " " I know the owner .
tr	NN	Gabriel had also bought a litter tray , a bag of kitty litter and assorted cat toys .
tr	NNS	Most of them have seen her track bandits or dangerous animals , and live rough in the wild for weeks on end .
tr	NN	Grace let the memories flow as she drove .
tr	NNS	All characters depicted in this fictional work are consenting adults , of at least eighteen years of age .
tr	NN	You gave me a first edition of The Outsiders and all I gave you was one of my mom 's shitty beers . "
tr	NNS	' It had some good arguments , but you need to watch your structure .
tr	NN	Hailey , at three , bore a strong resemblance to her father and to her brother , David .
tr	NN	And suddenly , that strange , terrible woman with her sickening smile had delivered defeat to his door .
tr	NNS	He pulled out some colored teddy bears .
tr	NN	She 'd hit the nail on the head and he didn 't know what to say .
tr	NNS	" Evil powers of darkness ?
tr	NN	He carried the wooden bench from its location near the door over to the couch .
tr	NNS	They fear the losses such a struggle would incur .
tr	NNS	Bubba and I saw no other pedestrians , and the sense of ominous isolation grew .
tr	NN	Abigail picked up her menu .
tr	NN	I have the urge to rest my head on James 's shoulder , but I don 't think I should .
tr	NN	Sam snatched her pencil and studied the drawings in front of her .
tr	NN	I opened the package and couldn 't understand what was happening .
tr	NNS	Remember the yoga classes we take ?
tr	NN	She saw my brow furrow as I studied her .
tr	NNS	Pictures of Rocky Mountain streams adorned the halls , and alternated with paintings of butterflies , frogs , and quiet ponds full of lilies .
tr	NNS	He followed those telltale marks .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , Your Majesty , " the royal tailor said , " but the wild Americans are not known to use emeralds . "
tr	NN	We 'll face a firing squad . "
tr	NNS	He had a few cracked ribs , numerous cuts on his face , and he 'd have a doozy of a black eye .
tr	NN	I noticed a clump of paper napkins in his right hand , which he 'd obviously used to wipe off his shirt .
tr	NN	She hid the pistol out of sight .
tr	NN	But when everyone else is paid , then Dale gets a quarter of what 's left . "
tr	NN	" I missed the bacon-wrapped turkey . "
tr	NNS	And then you have the balls to bring her here ?
tr	NN	The man in black carried a Winchester rifle , which rested against his shoulder , and his shuffling gait scraped his boots across the pavement .
tr	NN	Frodo smashed the butt of Moon 's gun against his head .
tr	NNS	You know , with advertisements from the paper , you would earn millions !
tr	NNS	But then he raised his head and looked at me , our faces inches apart .
tr	NNS	I 'd also blocked his senses with my shield and he hadn 't suspected that dawn was so close .
tr	NN	She wasn 't getting any special treatment .
tr	NN	I read your review . "
tr	NNS	Don 't expect old sentiments to keep you safe .
tr	NN	" Nice comparison . "
tr	NNS	Guy 's got skills . "
tr	NNS	My housekeeper cooks meals and freezes them .
tr	NN	Yes , she acted much the same outwardly , but she wasn 't happy .
tr	NN	I yell , fear mingling with anger , hot in my veins .
tr	NNS	He would leave fingerprints in her house .
tr	NN	" If we want the talisman . "
tr	NN	In the hall she grabbed her handbag , reached in and pulled her address book out .
tr	NN	" He doesn 't handle rejection well . "
tr	NNS	Isaac was off in the distance , testing out his new-found abilities , making his sword fly up into the air and dance .
tr	NN	" How did you get such a hottie ?
tr	NNS	" Your belt buckle bites . "
tr	NNS	They held up their spears .
tr	NN	Forte felt a little dizzy .
tr	NN	Bride set her menu down .
tr	NN	She had this big honking diamond on a certain finger .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of his scarred hand before he placed a small velvet box in front of me .
tr	NN	She did not receive a scholarship to the educational institution and her parental units do not have enough money to send her . "
tr	NNS	The three of them made the points of an equilateral triangle .
tr	NNS	I plug the wires from the pack into their connectors on the shoulder of the suit .
tr	NN	A broken glass cut my toe and I whimpered at the sight of blood .
tr	NN	I had hung up the pump and was almost at the door when those two got out of the truck and just tossed a net over me .
tr	NN	I grab a shove , too .
tr	NNS	" Yes , gave directions .
tr	NN	I forced a smirk .
tr	NN	He aimed the pistol at John 's heart .
tr	NN	" You paid the lawyer in cash ? "
tr	NN	Quickly , he put the boot away along with his remaining memories of the past .
tr	NN	Because those lungs would require oxygen every day until I died .
tr	NNS	God had killed the dragons millions of years ago but their evil deeds survived in the consciousness of the world .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , it had the opposite effect on her focus .
tr	NNS	I don 't have many chances to talk to you when you might actually listen to what I have to say .
tr	NNS	I did have ghostly powers that were useful in combat , but I 'd only ever tried them on vampires .
tr	NNS	Goodness rubbed her palms back and forth several times .
tr	NN	She didn 't close the privacy curtain .
tr	NNS	But she couldn 't shove aside the doubts that they were simply replaying the past .
tr	NN	" I felt the bugger squirming in my mouth . "
tr	NNS	Dressed in black , both of them wore long leather coats that swirled around their biker boots .
tr	NNS	" You gave Joe the concrete bids the next day at Louie 's , when you had dinner ? "
tr	NN	I gripped the railing in front of me .
tr	NN	Kali felt her blood trickle and went limp with fear .
tr	NN	" I can take some punishment . "
tr	NN	I pick the basket up and hand it over to Onyx .
tr	NNS	She 'd had two mind-blowing orgasms and hadn 't really seen much other than his chest .
tr	NNS	Even being a vampire , this guy gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	It apparently has a very high case fatality rate and also appears to have a basic reproduction number exceeding 50 .
tr	NN	" Take the basket , " the queen commanded , " and help the sergeant with that . "
tr	NNS	" So the goo keeps the globes from smacking together and cracking ? "
tr	NN	I saw a bench on a cobblestone walk and I couldn 't keep moving , so I sat down .
tr	NN	Kirstie risked a quick peek at her mama .
tr	NNS	She crossed those scant inches , settling her mouth on his , opening her mind to his , allowing him to slip into her .
tr	NNS	Then bared her own fangs .
tr	NNS	" We put two cans of stewed tomatoes under that corner .
tr	NN	She gently set down her needle and prepared to display her work to its intended owner .
tr	NNS	We never had servants .
tr	NNS	" We 're talking about billions of dollars in revenue .
tr	NNS	Karou noted the coolness in her voice .
tr	NN	We 'll be toasting your engagement before dark . "
tr	NNS	He had probably a billion dollars and hotels around the world and blah , blah , blah .
tr	NN	He had the resolve to get up there ; that was what mattered .
tr	NN	They have no treasure but they fight viciously .
tr	NNS	" After the florist on Saturday we 'll do wedding bands .
tr	NN	She handed me the lead rope that was attached to Cupcake 's halter .
tr	NN	He wore the same green apron as the girl behind the counter had worn .
tr	NNS	And we forbid outsiders inside the town after sunset .
tr	NNS	William had forbade any further meetings in the guesthouse .
tr	NN	If I had a control button , I 'd hit the override .
tr	NNS	" I followed her tracks in their tracks till they led off into the brush .
tr	NNS	" No , I 'll take my chances with the fit .
tr	NNS	Cameras follow my clients into the shop ; reporters dog me for the inside scoop .
tr	NNS	Besides , only nerds take college classes in high school . "
tr	NN	How can I defeat the god without them ? "
tr	NNS	He leaned his face inches from hers .
tr	NN	I 've tolerated your attitude because I needed your help .
tr	NNS	Everywhere I see bliss , from which I alone am irrevocably excluded .
tr	NNS	She won 't take her drugs because they make it hard for her to wake up from them , so she 's in constant pain .
tr	NN	" Your mother never actually had the jewelry in her possession .
tr	NN	" No , I head the terminal department . "
tr	NNS	He could barely imagine multiple generations of his family marching back beyond truly modern time .
tr	NN	She heard her own moan , a soft whisper of need that spread from her aching breasts inside her body , thickening her blood .
tr	NNS	Jacques released the third deer and inhaled sharply .
tr	NN	For now , I have a duty to perform . "
tr	NN	I need this document .
tr	NN	' Couldn 't you have had a bath , or a dip or something ?
tr	NN	The idea put a lump in Emma 's throat .
tr	NN	Trying hard not to think about us being alone together in an empty room , I close the drawer and take a step toward the dresser .
tr	NN	Grahame Coats picked up a pen from his desk , then he put it down again .
tr	NN	" He 's em 'n ince , do 'n wan ' slime like you bein ' able t ' touch ' im .
tr	NNS	Ivy and I took the empty chairs by the tea service and observed .
tr	NNS	Anyway , last night I read the pages where the book stopped .
tr	NN	She untied her apron while moving toward the kitchen in the back .
tr	NN	Hirsch had used a sloppy cursive style , no doubt designed to portray a lack of education .
tr	NNS	Using both his hands , he cupped my naked breasts , weighing them in his palms and tweaking the rock-hard nipples that puckered in the center .
tr	NN	" If you want the truth , I can 't taste chocolate without thinking of you . "
tr	NN	I have an announcement . "
tr	NNS	Reacher scanned the targets , one more time .
tr	NNS	I don 't have issues . "
tr	NN	Why should I risk the inadvertent introduction of my waste into my mouth while eating ?
tr	NNS	" Who would take these photographs ? "
tr	NNS	But I 'll spend weekends here with you . "
tr	NNS	They destroy our apartments , don 't pay any rent and leave the mess for us to clean up . "
tr	NN	Willow had only met the great witch once , when she was very young and was blessed with the witches of Southwick Manor .
tr	NNS	I pulled the covers up around me and it smelled like his scent and mine mingled together .
tr	NN	He 'd been wearing a blue t-shirt .
tr	NN	" She 's baking the wedding cake , too . "
tr	NN	Mairi shook her head , her gaze trained at Damen , the cold fury in his face worrying her .
tr	NN	And shaking her hair back , lifted the fiddle .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you trust Aileen 's capabilities ? "
tr	NNS	" I 've eaten tastier bugs . "
tr	NN	Annie asked , a welcome interruption from Kelly 's troubling thoughts .
tr	NN	She threw down the dust cloth and crossed her arms .
tr	NNS	There were two large looking members of the Brotherhood behind him .
tr	NN	Liza felt a pang .
tr	NN	Now that he wasn 't wearing his shades , I saw the full meaning of that expression in his face .
tr	NN	" Oh crap ! "
tr	NNS	" We have no targets on intercept courses .
tr	NNS	We 've been working our butts off ; now it 's time to play .
tr	NN	They gambled away their last , most precious possession on hopes of finding mercy amid the coals of cruelty .
tr	NN	If one feels pain , the other will feel an echo of that pain .
tr	NNS	No Kinetic may intentionally reveal his or her powers to those who are not Kinetics .
tr	NN	Pleasure sang down his spine , and his back arched , pushing his cock deeper into her mouth .
tr	NNS	Please , he begged the gods , please let her leave .
tr	NNS	After this visit she 'd have exact coordinates for both her own house and Rex 's .
tr	NNS	You wanted billions of people to be powerless ... and you did it !
tr	NNS	Beth shall love her gowns ; after all , she chose them .
tr	NNS	Graeme pulled her to him so she was sprawled against his chest , her face just inches from his .
tr	NN	The wind created a whispering effect as it carried the demonic cackles , making it seem like the devil was chanting right into one 's ear .
tr	NNS	" I fired his sorry little buttocks .
tr	NNS	One by one , he empties the chambers of bullets .
tr	NN	The music was making her head dizzy .
tr	NNS	I had no more doubts about being worthy .
tr	NN	Suddenly I had no reasonable argument not to ride .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths .
tr	NN	John sensed his friend 's discomfort and said ' have you considered that you may not have been followed at all Graham ? '
tr	NN	You have already have a reputation as a trouble maker with the aliens . "
tr	NNS	" Watch your assets , bro . "
tr	NN	He didn 't have much occasion to practice the skill without demon thrall involved .
tr	NN	But I was trapped , I had signed a document when I had joined the yard .
tr	NNS	Two stories tall and designed like a Mediterranean villa , it graced the covers of countless local and architectural magazines .
tr	NNS	And with a shadow of his sister 's ability , his senses extended a few yards beyond even that .
tr	NN	She opened the fridge and pulled out a glass bowl that I vaguely recognized .
tr	NN	Harry covered a yawn .
tr	NN	" Or you could just have an escort . "
tr	NN	" Cancel the landing and direct our ship to that area . "
tr	NN	They offered us fellowship ; they offered Ethan consent , faith .
tr	NN	I never got the impression that Bob appreciated it . "
tr	NNS	" I hear his fingernails on metal .
tr	NNS	Through its open door , Monk spotted a few dark monitors , a keyboard , and rows of switches .
tr	NN	She smiled and resisted the urge to roll her eyes .
tr	NN	He shows a silly smirk .
tr	NN	" Got a pizza for you .
tr	NNS	Their headlights caught simpler buildings in the back , white with red tile roofs , more humble and austere .
tr	NNS	" I don 't see any allergic reactions .
tr	NNS	He congratulated Bugs on an expert enactment , laughing as hard as he could without bursting his stitches .
tr	NNS	She drove her thumbs hard into the pressure points just above his groin .
tr	NN	But three years ago I found the old witch .
tr	NNS	She remembered how chilly the sea air had been that evening on the yacht so this time she wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	The sand slid off the strange material as if it was perfectly smooth .
tr	NNS	Of course in his dissertation he left out some key elements he knew his professors would neither catch nor miss .
tr	NNS	He enjoyed these trips to the track with the professor because when the professor rode along it meant they held a winning ticket .
tr	NNS	I scanned our surroundings .
tr	NNS	Line up his allies and eliminate the obstacles .
tr	NN	Eric and I have a History .
tr	NNS	Three comm systems , actually .
tr	NN	And I freaking loved butter .
tr	NNS	If he knows one of the equity partners at Little Bell , he probably has other connections too . "
tr	NNS	That facility is still blocking all signals coming and going .
tr	NNS	Jax noticed grimaces on the face of many in the pack .
tr	NNS	In the past week alone , he 'd made four trips to the Kitsap Peninsula to see his sister and the baby .
tr	NN	One pacing step at a time , he steadied his heart rate and his focus .
tr	NNS	I won 't have my students failing their lessons . "
tr	NNS	" Not to mention he has the hots for you . "
tr	NNS	I understood attempts to track them were unsuccessful ?
tr	NNS	Oh thank the gods .
tr	NNS	" It confirms our suspicions . "
tr	NNS	He still bore the marks .
tr	NN	She sensed a hidden trap .
tr	NN	Nathan grabbed his pen from behind his ear and opened his notepad .
tr	NNS	" They tortured innocents .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of him , pressed against the bus ' windshield like a bug , his eyes wild .
tr	NNS	The man had other clients to deal with , other more pressing business .
tr	NN	I felt pure terror .
tr	NN	And I don 't need your protection . "
tr	NN	Call your nurse or something , before I decide to charge you with wasting our time . "
tr	NNS	" All attack vessels ready sir . "
tr	NN	He held the cloth with a pinch at a corner because it was so disgusting .
tr	NN	That brought joy to me . "
tr	NNS	" Nicole , your father made his own troubles -- he shouldn 't look to you to bail him out . "
tr	NN	His body felt feverish , heat pouring through his clothes , and I ripped open his shirt .
tr	NNS	He further condensed the main concepts into five tenets : 1 .
tr	NNS	The police had made multiple trips to the compound because Ethan refused to take her out where they 'd be mobbed by media .
tr	NNS	Each word came more ragged than the one before it .
tr	NN	I set my backpack down on the floor as I place the schedule between my lips and pull the rubber band off of my wrist .
tr	NNS	They wired explosives to it .
tr	NNS	I mimic his movements perfectly .
tr	NN	" Wait a sec .
tr	NN	She pressed her mouthpiece to her lips and said to the pilot , " Take me to the largest scrap metal source in Nairobi . "
tr	NNS	They ran those deer into exhaustion before they felled them and all twenty-six werewolves fed .
tr	NN	I dialed my pilot and told him to have the plane ready to fly to California .
tr	NN	Now they would exact their revenge .
tr	NNS	A long row of car racing games used steering wheels to put the player in the driver 's seat .
tr	NNS	I spread my senses out , seeking something out of place .
tr	NN	She experienced opulence at a level well beyond her imagination .
tr	NN	Devon gave her arm a brief squeeze before slowly releasing her .
tr	NNS	While I waited , still clutching Sawyer 's hand , I felt the stares around me .
tr	NNS	He was moving the bits of furniture nearby .
tr	NNS	She dismissed his objections with an airy wave of her hand .
tr	NNS	And maybe , somehow , he had missed all the news reports of the accident the rest of the day .
tr	NN	Sky asked his peer .
tr	NN	After first swearing her to secrecy , I explained the plan Roland and I had concocted .
tr	NN	I have never seen a talking bird before . "
tr	NNS	Perry pulled out the wires and tubes attached to Cinder .
tr	NN	She didn 't need much imagination because she 'd seen him in all his naked glory .
tr	NNS	" Mrs. Mayhew will scold something rotten if you get paint all over the floor . "
tr	NN	By now the sun had completed its disappearance and the moon had begun its ascent , lighting Abel 's large , powerful figure .
tr	NN	He inserted a tape in the player .
tr	NNS	But they had their gods .
tr	NN	I 'm calling to tell you I put a package in the mail for your birthday .
tr	NN	They no longer needed his protection .
tr	NNS	Hopefully next time I 'll make more than five dollars in tips .
tr	NN	Give her the protection she needs .
tr	NNS	He kept his goggles up .
tr	NN	But before a minute or so passed , Ion could feel the effect of whatever spell Mantra was working on take place .
tr	NNS	" He got bigger pops ? "
tr	NN	And I suddenly felt a new responsibility to represent America accurately to these foreigners .
tr	NNS	He examined the descriptions of unidentified patients who had been treated since the collapse of the Regime .
tr	NNS	He could almost see the internal wheels of morality spinning inside of her head .
tr	NN	" Why is orange juice called orange juice ?
tr	NNS	We take deep breaths , filling our lungs with air .
tr	NNS	As much as I admire your talent and wish to see it increase , I must take measures to protect myself .
tr	NNS	" We were just telling these outsiders that they are not welcome here . "
tr	NN	We all have one distinguishing feature ; our eyes .
tr	NNS	' Why 'd you give those bastards just those middle pages ? '
tr	NNS	He wanted her skills .
tr	NN	I took out the scroll and looked at it .
tr	NNS	" Perimeter patrols on both sides of the Belts detected no hostile ships in the area .
tr	NNS	" Unless ... of course ... " Rachel saw the wheels turning behind the director 's eyes .
tr	NNS	We have great powers at our disposal .
tr	NNS	I don 't do drugs or drink , if that 's what you 're asking . "
tr	NNS	Even if I were , I 'd need supplies .
tr	NNS	Taking train trips through the Napa Valley .
tr	NNS	At noon , Maddie turned down offers to go to lunch with the others .
tr	NN	She would save the chick flick for tomorrow when he was at work and not make him suffer through it .
tr	NNS	The noise was drawing more onlookers and his cheeks , which were already a flush crimson , were growing redder by the second .
tr	NNS	Did that confirm my suspicions or not ?
tr	NNS	But ... ' ' I 've already made arrangements for a special licence to be pushed through .
tr	NNS	She shifted her buttocks and he stirred back to life .
tr	NNS	Apparently , in this dark world , the louder you shouted , the bigger your balls .
tr	NN	" Or maybe I could do Morse code on the ceiling with my feet ? "
tr	NNS	The State of Michigan during that time treated families harshly if they refused to drug their hyperactive kids .
tr	NN	It takes a block before I breathe normally again .
tr	NN	Then she heard a crunch under her foot .
tr	NN	They gave her Jell-O instead .
tr	NNS	Operatives abandoned rights to personal privacy when they signed on with ARIES .
tr	NNS	Why would I change my methods ?
tr	NNS	His assertion melted her insides until she could barely hold herself upright .
tr	NNS	At school , the other boys had pretty noses , or noses that were still too big for their faces .
tr	NNS	But these bastards gain numbers after every battle .
tr	NN	Ever so slowly , his fingers trailed down my spine and began to lift up my dress .
tr	NN	While the women went to the cafeteria for a cup of coffee , they had an escort .
tr	NNS	" That my son liked apples . "
tr	NNS	He baptized the ribs with more beer before rewarding himself with a long pull .
tr	NNS	We brought the computer equipment from the boat up here , so we can have , you know , meetings , without coming up here . "
tr	NN	" What would throw a wrench in our marriage ? "
tr	NNS	The forensics team is combing the apartments for clues . "
tr	NN	Sell the farm now , while you can still get a good price .
tr	NN	I began a whispered chant to reverse the spell , a chant that only I knew , for a spell that responded to only my voice .
tr	NN	I 'd never had the urge to do that in the notebooks I 'd filled with songs as a child .
tr	NNS	Her voice was soft in his head , almost tender , brushing along nerve endings that felt almost raw .
tr	NNS	I fanned my cards out in my hand and put them in front of my face , grateful for the barrier to Jack 's searching eyes .
tr	NNS	All three of the skate zombies were still carrying their boards with them .
tr	NNS	" You learned several forms of martial arts . "
tr	NNS	The gap drew nearer .
tr	NNS	They moved down the parallel stacks of shelves quietly , Anders leading with his gun .
tr	NNS	I didn 't have any marks against me except I was single .
tr	NN	He shoved the candy back in his pocket .
tr	NN	At times he was nearly riding Isaac 's bumper .
tr	NNS	Instead he was handing out insults .
tr	NN	" I 've got some cream for the sore skin . "
tr	NN	As they came up , he raised the hem of her dress with them , bunching it around her waist .
tr	NNS	And if that 's still not enough , then we take our chances .
tr	NN	asked the female cop .
tr	NN	She heard Declan snort behind her and Willow huffed .
tr	NNS	She had nightmares for a week and never touched another doll for the rest of her life .
tr	NN	I shed the oversized outfit .
tr	NNS	She orchestrated the pebbles perfectly , controlling each one to keep her like a thief in the night .
tr	NNS	We study witches . "
tr	NN	Still , her words unsettled Case .
tr	NN	And cited Ben 's trial to back it up .
tr	NNS	That knowledge confirms to us all the suspicions we already had .
tr	NN	An aberrant occurrence that has the ability to produce fear or cause physical harm .
tr	NNS	She imagined warm , sunny beaches as she turned toward the river bottoms .
tr	NN	She shuts the drawer and clutches the edge of the tile countertop , her knuckles whitening .
tr	NNS	The two friends drank their beers , played some pool , and chatted with Matt .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples .
tr	NN	The park occupied a single city block .
tr	NNS	The crest builds then breaks against the rock .
tr	NNS	They both selected veal dishes which turned out to be delicious .
tr	NN	It took all my willpower not to try and gasp for air .
tr	NN	" You have a measure of defiance in you , my prince .
tr	NN	" My friends I ask a favor of you .
tr	NNS	She 'd taken enough statistics classes to know the chances of that happening were almost as bad as her chances of winning the lottery .
tr	NNS	The monitor came on and after some audio-visual static , he could make out the forms of two women speaking .
tr	NNS	As a result , Annie had found few opportunities for exploring .
tr	NN	27 August 1843 Nothing we do stems the bleeding .
tr	NNS	A moment later and I saw tall buildings rising on both sides of the street .
tr	NNS	The shouts slowly grew more distant behind her .
tr	NNS	I follow her down several halls until she comes to a stop in front of a set of double oak doors .
tr	NNS	" Nice wheels . "
tr	NN	" Then I must humbly beg your pardon . "
tr	NN	I grab my backpack and walk out of the store .
tr	NNS	" Two guys are out walking their dogs .
tr	NN	Jeremy felt his shoulders sag .
tr	NN	We have a key rack . "
tr	NNS	Napoleon tolerated the close confines of being clutched in her hands for a moment then struggled to be free so she let him go .
tr	NNS	Not like someone she could have relations with . "
tr	NN	" What airline are we taking ?
tr	NN	I give her a sheepish shrug .
tr	NNS	Give or take a few centuries .
tr	NNS	However , your mind must let its defenses down in order for that to happen . "
tr	NNS	He was guaranteed at least ten thousand dollars for performing at Apocalypse .
tr	NN	Was your ex-boyfriend right about you having a cauldron in the basement back in Montana or is this soulless you a newer addition ? "
tr	NNS	* Yet despite its enduring fame , Johnson could find few detailed descriptions of the city .
tr	NN	She didn 't have a trust fund to fall back on .
tr	NNS	Teleport was reporting all systems as green and alarms fully engaged .
tr	NN	I felt the urge to slap her , but kept my hands to myself .
tr	NNS	Stacy would have no complaints .
tr	NNS	Given that he had pursued me so hard in the beginning , his lack of effort now spoke volumes .
tr	NN	I 'd only met Cash once when he 'd stopped by the apartment during the summer .
tr	NNS	Good thing that dead men tell no tales .
tr	NN	She licked ice cream off the back of her spoon and watched his eyes grow dark .
tr	NNS	They simply killed bandits or slavers and used their bodies to scare people off .
tr	NNS	" We needed to stop the killer from taking more innocent lives , " Jennifer said passionately .
tr	NNS	But though it had finally subdued her , the serum had incorporated her immune system defenses .
tr	NN	Nathan placed Walter 's backpack on the table and pulled out the satellite phone .
tr	NN	And if what Lindy said was true , the sooner he saw the chaplain , the better .
tr	NN	" Addison , drop the garbage . "
tr	NNS	Somehow , someway , that thing could kill gods , and this time there wouldn 't be an afterlife .
tr	NN	He has a certain reputation - a myth , you know - but he likes people to believe he is the bogeyman .
tr	NNS	Chris and Duff continued their classes and hoped that the police would arrest someone soon .
tr	NN	He has increased the efficiency of the Legions remarkably .
tr	NNS	Ben practised his berthing skills .
tr	NNS	Still wearing her black bra and panties , she straddled his thighs while she caressed his pride and joy .
tr	NN	" Of course you can , " Valerie insisted , railing against discouragement and defeat .
tr	NN	He looked back a half block later , and the kids were shambling along , following his footprints in the new snow .
tr	NN	Along with columns in the corners , the room had the effect of a church , but one devoted to warfare rather than prayer .
tr	NNS	I open my eyelashes , fingering and giggle .
tr	NN	" I don 't see anybody . "
tr	NNS	He refilled her wineglass and extended the offering , but as their fingers brushed , Nick instantly withdrew .
tr	NN	We allowed the experiment , hoping for gifted vampires .
tr	NN	Slowly , he lifts the lid before embracing me .
tr	NN	His cousin had sunk his dagger deep into Ceara 's heart .
tr	NN	While I was supposed to be working , I 'd instead searched the internet , googling bugs , glitches , and quantum physics .
tr	NNS	I will love Christians when they are good , like you .
tr	NNS	The screen showed the two bombs on opposite sides of the planet , slowly falling toward the planet .
tr	NN	We both get hotter and hotter , until he grabs for one of the packets and gets ready .
tr	NNS	She wouldn 't give me the passwords , so I took them .
tr	NN	She heard the phone slam down , and turned .
tr	NN	" Where do you keep your liquor for now and your whipped cream , for later . "
tr	NN	When she nodded , Gideon waved the waitress over .
tr	NN	The 98 pound sophomore who just returned from a year of study abroad would make a fine addition to his exclusive club of victims .
tr	NNS	She also had powers .
tr	NNS	Let 's go and enjoy the fires . '
tr	NNS	He found many references that dated their civilization to have started about 2000 years ago .
tr	NNS	When Cromwell 's New Model Army landed in Ireland , they faced only small Irish War bands instead of large , organized armies .
tr	NNS	They had baked ginger bread houses during Advent time together with the children of the orphanage .
tr	NN	After a few minutes of checking out the gardens , I gratefully found a stone bench to sit on .
tr	NN	I could have relented and accepted her claim of lateness , but why should I ?
tr	NNS	What explained the visions of blood on the rocks , Cassie yelling at me , and then the feeling of falling ?
tr	NNS	But I got skills .
tr	NNS	" Did you build more restaurants ? "
tr	NN	She placed the dark chocolate on a chopping board and pulled out a knife , when her phone rang .
tr	NN	She knew nobody here ; all she could do was think about the time she had felt so happy and then so devastated .
tr	NN	Tension gripped his big frame , and I regretted bringing it up .
tr	NN	" You said a fortnight ! "
tr	NN	I should have started the email after she dressed .
tr	NNS	She had small breasts , but they were lovely .
tr	NNS	It took two coats to completely cover the black .
tr	NN	He flips his visor to talk to me .
tr	NNS	The streets gave you at least a few good instincts .
tr	NN	" We have the framework set up to begin working on the general solution . "
tr	NN	He had a stocky build , muscular but not ripped .
tr	NN	" Recall the festival of death ?
tr	NNS	She couldn 't waste her few remaining breaths on requesting such trifles of Kane because all remaining breaths must be spent educating her lover .
tr	NNS	Callie folded the sundress and put it in her suitcase .
tr	NNS	" Four point one million dollars from Delilah Neri .
tr	NNS	Looking up , she found the twins in the living room , along with their father .
tr	NN	' The Brits have a civil defence set-up called the Home Guard .
tr	NNS	Fit mirror plates , and UV resistant glass .
tr	NN	I didn 't bring my swimsuit . "
tr	NN	Being the last one down , I had the softest landing and was the least stunned .
tr	NN	She would want a collection of her own to take with her when she was ready to establish her own household .
tr	NNS	" Most trailers have two pack members . "
tr	NN	Memories of his life fill his consciousness as he watches the continual ebb and flow of the ocean waves in silence .
tr	NNS	Apparently we can have points deducted during the competition if our instruments are dirty .
tr	NNS	" Have a seat , " Sen instructed the new members .
tr	NNS	I hate short forms .
tr	NNS	He wouldn 't be doing those complicated numbers , yet , though , until he learned more .
tr	NNS	Caleb swept up the three hearts his victim wore and went on his way .
tr	NN	" You ever shot anybody before ? "
tr	NN	I grabbed my belly and started to rub it .
tr	NNS	Another deep breath as she collected her wits , belatedly plucking her hands off his shoulders and spreading out her palms in an appeal for understanding .
tr	NNS	We 'd hit three clubs so far and my feet were starting to put up a protest .
tr	NNS	We picked up trays and headed to the food .
tr	NNS	Look , they have cables coming out of it .
tr	NN	" We 'll make an exception .
tr	NNS	Even though A wasn 't Naomi , A had still sent texts that she should stay away from Reefer .
tr	NN	" I need a pen , knife and alcohol , now . "
tr	NNS	I could feel the stares of Gran and my mother behind me .
tr	NNS	We had several drop points around Bluefield , but this was the main one .
tr	NNS	His shop had extra sensors that he didn 't expect it to have .
tr	NN	He poured soda into wine glasses for both of us , then sat down with me .
tr	NN	Steven pulled out a magazine that was stowed away in compartment in front of him .
tr	NNS	" He didn 't turn his dogs on - " " No !
tr	NN	The person brought out a rifle from a pack on his back .
tr	NNS	A chill went up my thighs , to my belly , where the heat I 'd been tamping for weeks raged .
tr	NN	Six " I don 't care how hard it is to get , " Lucas told his lawyer over the phone .
tr	NN	In the distance she can hear a moan .
tr	NNS	" He has some issues with authority . "
tr	NNS	" I mean Kylie 's ghosts . "
tr	NNS	" Am I right in thinking you will be making arrangements , for the funeral , and so on ? "
tr	NN	She suppressed the urge to give a bitter laugh .
tr	NN	Or called a coworker to help her home after some outpatient surgery to help her ankle just before Halloween ?
tr	NNS	" Follow my instincts .
tr	NN	Nolan grabbed his mop and walked over to retrieve the discarded bucket .
tr	NN	The last three speakers each gave a prayer .
tr	NN	The rest didn 't have good speech , so we made them do other things .
tr	NN	He gave a tremendous yank on the boy 's arm and shot the mutant in the belly .
tr	NN	Mom gripped the podium in front of her and looked out at the hundred girls who sat ready for a new semester .
tr	NN	Love shifted the receiver to his other ear .
tr	NNS	How did you find the carriage 's accommodations ? "
tr	NN	She had a beautiful new gown to wear and she knew she could meet several eligible bachelors .
tr	NN	Then he pulled the computer cart over to the bedside and sat down .
tr	NNS	He had bought the news magazines on the way home .
tr	NNS	We can 't waste her abilities now . "
tr	NNS	From the window above the couch , he could see the treetops bending in the mounting breeze .
tr	NN	I picked up a silver picture frame to bash them with .
tr	NNS	Only then can you enter into a relationship without the believing you need to change your spouse , to meet your expectations . "
tr	NN	So don 't make a sweet little cartoon character beat the tar out of you and drag you along the miserable walkway . "
tr	NN	She could see a moist patch of saliva on his cheek and a light wine snore was rasping from his lips .
tr	NN	He unleashed a hail of arrows upon them .
tr	NNS	She had known twelve winters when his pickaxe bit into a vein of gold .
tr	NN	Standing there , she had an inkling of how he must feel when he was among mortals .
tr	NN	Dead silence filled the atrium and I could feel their hateful eyes boring into my head .
tr	NN	He 'd created massive success in business by figuring out what people wanted and giving it to them .
tr	NNS	We pressed our palms against the cool , smooth mirror and felt the glass grow warm beneath our skin .
tr	NNS	I count twelve needles in all .
tr	NNS	With each step I counted and took deep breaths , trying to focus on not falling .
tr	NN	About some people having a talent for reading expressions and minor shifts in peoples ' pulses or coloration and so on .
tr	NNS	She heard noises in the apartment , footsteps outside her door , and loud bangs that sent her heart wildly racing .
tr	NN	" I acknowledge and respect the claim . "
tr	NN	White had his proof .
tr	NN	Hugh passed the receiver back to the Brazilian sergeant .
tr	NNS	Ann placed the pool designs , which were amazing , on easels around the room for the clients to study .
tr	NN	She craved that sensation in her ears , something to break the endless , suffocating silence she lived in .
tr	NN	" Of course I am not offended , takes more than the rejection of a perfectly good pair of shoes to upset me " .
tr	NN	He nips my earlobe and drops his mouth to my neck .
tr	NN	I 'd heard this speech several times before , actually .
tr	NN	Fictional babies equal fainting .
tr	NNS	In the building opposite , we glimpsed figures in the windows , also armed .
tr	NNS	Framed photographs of trees on the walls , all matching black frames with no frills .
tr	NN	A wheezy hiccup jarred his curtain speech .
tr	NN	And even though we have a full lab we usually have equipment free .
tr	NN	Still curious , who do I need protection from ?
tr	NN	You can give me the crown ; you can load me with wealth .
tr	NN	She gave a huff .
tr	NNS	This woman had all the same mannerisms .
tr	NNS	Those words sounded shallow , yet they kept repeating in my head .
tr	NN	He had taken a block of the explosive with him as he hunted for guerrillas and ran into the pack of dogs .
tr	NN	" I see possibility . "
tr	NN	He licked each nipple , flicked his tongue over them , and then drew one deep into his mouth .
tr	NNS	I quickly dealt the cards and so started the game .
tr	NNS	Leaning her head against the back of the chair , she took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	The skids touched the pavement , and he was led out at gunpoint , his wrists cuffed behind him .
tr	NNS	I followed the scents .
tr	NNS	Malcolm rubbed his thumbs under my eyes .
tr	NNS	They had magical defenses , and size didn 't matter .
tr	NN	For now he had the deadline of finishing her house and solving the mystery of who 'd deliberately set the fire .
tr	NN	He simply let her kneel , those eyes of his watching and dissecting her .
tr	NN	I ripped open the package and sat on the toilet .
tr	NNS	We both finish our sandwiches and I put the trash back in the bag and place it in the backseat .
tr	NN	With a roar that would have made most predators envious , Drake grabbed the enemy knight by the wrist , hauling him from the saddle .
tr	NNS	This sack contains twenty thousand cubic yards of fog .
tr	NN	The canvas tore even further , the tattered material flapping wildly .
tr	NN	She poisoned the port , again at Bertie 's instructions .
tr	NNS	Wetting the pencil lead on his tongue , he added the figures .
tr	NNS	" I figure once we get the power , we 'll reward our party members .
tr	NNS	" We have neither allies nor foes among the creatures of the night .
tr	NNS	We will need allies against the Lord of the Fey .
tr	NNS	Wolves tolerated the birds , even let them feed off their kills .
tr	NN	What if she had shirked her destiny ?
tr	NNS	I have laid my cards on the table .
tr	NN	I could see the resemblance in the easy smile and hazel eyes .
tr	NNS	" Nothing more than city blocks of corn and wheat .
tr	NNS	If he used the word angel , she might have certain expectations he would be unable to meet .
tr	NN	Now of course , I see the idiocy of my ideals .
tr	NN	" Why are you wearing a uniform ? "
tr	NN	I had the impression there were other vehicles for the other raiders hidden on the property .
tr	NN	Listening intently , he detected nobody else in the room .
tr	NN	Shock radiated down her spine .
tr	NN	A hard shudder shook his frame .
tr	NNS	Why did women ever need drugs ?
tr	NNS	He threw back the covers and got out of bed , stumbling toward the bathroom .
tr	NN	How such neatly hung clothes could end up wrinkled within seconds of hitting his body defied logic .
tr	NNS	" And yet you have no clients . "
tr	NN	Cael whispered a prayer for strength and courage .
tr	NNS	I can pay my credit cards off and put some money away . "
tr	NNS	As she stared she held out the sandwiches to Robert .
tr	NN	All she has to do is earn a scholarship .
tr	NN	" You want my advice ? "
tr	NNS	" So , what , he had drugs or something ? "
tr	NN	She examined the padlock that secured the chains .
tr	NNS	Not her own doubts and misgivings or her fears over revealing the truth to Graeme .
tr	NNS	I could see the small wheels of thought turn inside each tiny head .
tr	NN	" So , now you see my own design .
tr	NN	Mercer tapped his temple .
tr	NN	" We set up the frame and then braced it with quartz blocks .
tr	NNS	He tore loose the wires than ran under his skin , his tongue , into his armpits and ears .
tr	NN	Sal ignored her protest and continued to massage the second foot , concentrating on the arch and working his way to the stocking encased toes .
tr	NNS	" He won 't know you beyond this month , so save yourself the care , " I spat blindly .
tr	NN	Now how 'd I have a hunch on that ?
tr	NN	Maybe it 'll have a placebo effect , having someone you trust , taking some action against what 's going on here . "
tr	NNS	But other than for a few people , I didn 't memorize phone numbers .
tr	NN	Not since Pontius Pilate had someone so completely passed the buck .
tr	NN	Once he got inside , he found a cavern that opened into a room about twenty feet long and ten feet wide .
tr	NNS	Use your remarkable talents to do good for others .
tr	NN	Where did you get the uniform ? "
tr	NNS	I 'd recovered my senses and took hold of my magic .
tr	NNS	Of course , every other room in the school gets plastic chairs .
tr	NN	" My brother sees your claim on this land as an invasion and he will not stop attacking you until you leave the Celtic realm .
tr	NN	" I don 't want your pity . "
tr	NNS	A little less stress would do her wonders .
tr	NN	He wanted payback for every cruel thing she had ever said or done to him .
tr	NN	" I can feel winter hovering . "
tr	NN	" I paid a young and hubristic warlock to summon it for me .
tr	NN	The glasses simply added a scholarly twist to the sexy package .
tr	NN	Behind me , I hear a shout , and a body thudding to the ground .
tr	NN	Once the Brutes had been distracted , Collins would infiltrate the temple and retrieve the Scroll .
tr	NN	The king had read the scroll so many times that he had it memorized .
tr	NN	But it needs more substance . '
tr	NNS	The wind rocked the treetops till the whole forest looked as if it was going to shake apart .
tr	NNS	They can 't possibly turn starving families out of their very homes ? ' '
tr	NNS	He folded the frames and slid them into his shirt pocket .
tr	NN	" Yolanda , we haven 't captured a single man my age in all the time we 've been guarding this stretch of the border .
tr	NN	However , if we do everything together , then we 'll have a better overall presentation . "
tr	NN	Aran gripped the doorknob and slowly turned it until he heard the small latch release and the door move slightly in his hand .
tr	NN	Blaming him would give him too much credit .
tr	NNS	Her throat felt scratched raw .
tr	NN	A heartbeat later he was grabbing up the ale she had set on the table nearby .
tr	NNS	" Got ' em noses on , inside one thousand miles ! "
tr	NN	Eric drove a sleek Corvette , which was simply Eric .
tr	NNS	Reading my mind , he cupped my bare breasts and lowered his head to them , twirling his tongue around my sensitive nipples .
tr	NN	Thank goodness for Addy .
tr	NN	She didn 't enjoy opera , but her parents loved taking her so she 'd never said a word about it .
tr	NN	Too bad he has no talent . "
tr	NN	She had given Jake the medal and couldn 't believe he 'd shown it to Sharon .
tr	NN	Nicola 's perfume created a soft sweetness in the air , but that sweetness couldn 't cover the taint of sulfur .
tr	NNS	Her students love her methods .
tr	NN	Well , but at least I have a talent , an ambition -- I don 't waste my days hammering out miserable rhymes ! '
tr	NN	I could hear the red tape from the other side of the Atlantic when the email arrived .
tr	NN	It scared the crap out of me .
tr	NNS	" If this turns out to be true , how might this affect shark conservation efforts ?
tr	NN	David had his vest , too .
tr	NN	The shotgun hard against the shoulder muscle , the barrel exploded and sent a blazing hail of snake shot spraying toward Sonny .
tr	NN	" How do you worship a god of the moon ? "
tr	NN	Each short , staccato beat of my knuckles rapping creates a sharp , blunt echo over the gentle hum of the fluorescent lights in the hallway .
tr	NN	Altair couldn 't keep the disgust from his voice .
tr	NN	In essence , the closer to the city you live the higher status you hold .
tr	NNS	" I left my condoms in the Bug . "
tr	NN	You will no longer contaminate my temple . "
tr	NN	She felt the flute Ko vibrating warmly at her side .
tr	NN	" Aunt Al , I want ice cream . "
tr	NN	The sudden panic in his voice indicated the depth of his attachment to his granny .
tr	NNS	I flip the pages to my sixth-grade growth spurt .
tr	NNS	The two men removed the waterproofed top layers of their clothing and got comfortable .
tr	NN	" That 's what I 'm doing now , " I raised the rifle .
tr	NNS	I lead and manage their activities . "
tr	NNS	" If you play your cards right . "
tr	NNS	The nurses slowly called the patients back to see a doctor .
tr	NN	" We are being watched , honey .
tr	NN	I manage , " he said , spitting into the grass to his left .
tr	NN	" I will uphold Kate 's ruling no matter what the council decides . "
tr	NNS	He made several painful attempts to position a pen between his thumb and forefinger before succeeding .
tr	NN	" You hot chocolate , my lady . "
tr	NN	I give a quick blink .
tr	NNS	" The guy kicking the lockers from one end of the hall to the other ? "
tr	NNS	Random good news was pushing prices up , and his options were nearly worthless .
tr	NNS	He spread some crowns on the table to everyone 's applause .
tr	NN	Any mission not sanctioned by official diplomacy could trigger an international incident of the most dire proportions .
tr	NN	Then I saw a narrow ramp leading down .
tr	NN	I can feel your agitation like it 's rubbing against my skin .
tr	NNS	He likes his chances .
tr	NN	" So they 're opening the Portal back up to bring everyone through ?
tr	NN	Zoey : " Yeah , I 've learned my lesson ! "
tr	NN	I stopped pacing in front of Caden .
tr	NN	He didn 't offer cream or sugar since most Shifters drank it black , and Eric didn 't ask for anything .
tr	NNS	I 've seen balls recovered from ancient sites that were over twenty thousand years old made like that .
tr	NN	The leader examines the crossbow and stands up .
tr	NN	Have you forgotten that small little detail ?
tr	NN	You still have a castle full of gold and silver at your disposal , though you will never see it .
tr	NNS	Old buildings make all sorts of strange noises .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the cups and carried them over to the table .
tr	NNS	You can 't take any chances . "
tr	NN	Even if he cannot reach Alice , he will get his revenge on you ! "
tr	NNS	They made armies of their own ... .
tr	NN	She wrote the rune for " Follow . "
tr	NN	" But Lola scared off the intruder . "
tr	NN	He heard the outrage in her voice and couldn 't blame her for it .
tr	NN	I hear the groaning , the moving around , everything you hear when your listening to someone sleep .
tr	NN	I saw a bat !
tr	NN	" So you told him you would leave the Country with him ?
tr	NNS	He held both hands palms out , as if the defensive gesture might actually get rid of me .
tr	NNS	Breaking plates and screeching if I don 't get them ?
tr	NNS	I heard levers , wheels , ropes and pulleys creaking to life and I grabbed onto the bars as we jerked downward at an alarming pace .
tr	NN	Adam heard the reluctance in her voice , a reluctance he shared .
tr	NNS	Chapter 9 Dawson didn 't need directions to Beth 's house , but he went through the motions of asking for them anyway .
tr	NN	Sheila opened her desk drawer and got out a miniature Hershey 's bar .
tr	NNS	" Oh , but you haven 't jacked my ships before ... and that 's why you were lucky , until now . "
tr	NNS	" And now you have issues with Dare .
tr	NN	You don 't give yourself enough credit . "
tr	NNS	Looking up , he saw Wallis , struggling to release a sheep from down near the river .
tr	NNS	But just in case it did I want to say , for the record , I have absolutely no skills or understanding when it comes to ghosts .
tr	NN	You took her virginity so you could control her . "
tr	NN	The southeastern moon is called Mm ' tang .
tr	NN	Lifting his hand , he rubbed his knuckles along her heated cheek .
tr	NNS	I attacked his ribs .
tr	NN	I got a whole collection and gave it to the owner .
tr	NNS	The birds around her were singing their hearts out in a kind of ecstatic adoration .
tr	NNS	It held several Turkey sandwiches on dark wheat buns , with some sort of white cheese that I couldn 't have named , and loaded with vegetables .
tr	NNS	None of them had titles on their spine , and I picked one out , opening it .
tr	NN	Anyway , if you can point to one word of what the rest of us said that isn 't true , I 'll beg your pardon . "
tr	NN	Chewy dropped his backpack instantly , running to her side , and helped her to the couch .
tr	NN	Outside , we walked single file toward the parked cars .
tr	NNS	" He can send us reports on her activities . "
tr	NN	He places the pasta into his mouth and a smile spreads across his face as he quietly eats .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't met the fey queens , of course , but the stories I 'd heard about them told me everything I needed to know .
tr	NN	He saw the words flow through the man 's mouth and down into his chest , like a breath of air full of letters .
tr	NNS	He ate a few bites in silence .
tr	NNS	When I was finally alone , I said my prayers .
tr	NNS	Whether I 'm in a lighthouse on the coast or in the New Mexican desert , the darkness still gives me the creeps .
tr	NNS	" Hello students . "
tr	NN	She had the fleeting impression of a predator just waiting for his prey to foolishly walk by .
tr	NN	" You mean ... tennis ? "
tr	NNS	Why does the order fear the witches so much ?
tr	NN	Funny that Jenny could remember that outfit so exactly .
tr	NN	And I couldn 't fault that irrefutable logic .
tr	NN	The nurse injected the needle into my skin .
tr	NN	Under his fingertips , he felt her pulse quicken as something loud crashed off in the direction of the stairwell , echoing down the corridors .
tr	NNS	" I have searched the archives and have found nothing that would prevent you from staying , if you consented .
tr	NNS	The One That Got Away .
tr	NN	Edwin exhaled a derisory snort .
tr	NNS	Tristan held two cans in his hands like guns .
tr	NNS	Shivering , he tossed back the covers , pulled on his robe , and pushed open the curtains to look outside .
tr	NN	Being a smart keen child , he made his contribution to the family budget devoting himself to the humblest work with great care .
tr	NNS	They dragged the carcass farther out , making sure that no one would see it from the beach .
tr	NNS	" But why would our backpack have explosives in it ? "
tr	NN	Sommer had his cap pulled over his eyes .
tr	NNS	At their stations the dark uniformed bridge operators , mirrored faceplates in place , monitor their systems silently and obediently .
tr	NN	He could even grow a rhino horn and moose antlers .
tr	NNS	We chopped up some bell peppers and a few mushrooms .
tr	NNS	You and Sinead torture yourselves , not me !
tr	NN	But he held back his own release , giving her hers .
tr	NN	I had the definite impression that he 'd rather be anyplace than here .
tr	NNS	She could not stop the splashes of color that flared on her sharp cheekbones .
tr	NN	While he was in the middle of speaking , Cassie had thrown the dagger at him .
tr	NNS	He was getting butterflies over seeing his parents .
tr	NNS	You can make clever remarks later .
tr	NN	Most strangers would allow a personal space bubble , but he seemed frozen in place , forcing me to compensate with a step back .
tr	NN	The site had great potential to serve as a guerrilla base or a bandit hideout .
tr	NN	You must have made a big impression on him . "
tr	NNS	" Won 't we lose points for dramatic effect ? "
tr	NNS	Even wounded , the males would rip the witches to pieces .
tr	NN	Michaels caught a glimpse of Claudia , marching along very much like everyone else as though this event was commonplace .
tr	NN	Bryce twisted the doorknob to the garage .
tr	NN	He leaned a hip casually against the front fender .
tr	NN	As much as she liked him , long-distance love affairs had a gigantic built in roadblock .
tr	NNS	See the doctors every night .
tr	NNS	And if they don 't , I 've fielded a dozen other requests , with more coming in daily . "
tr	NN	Agent Locke held out a thick legal file , the accordion bottom stretched to capacity and then some .
tr	NNS	He was obviously implementing some pretty serious punishments .
tr	NN	For a second , I could see the potential to be a keeper within you .
tr	NN	The faucet in the shower has a leak , something my dad didn 't fix before leaving , and a drop of water lands on my foot .
tr	NNS	The tram was travelling backwards .
tr	NNS	She was patiently refuting Hempel 's bizarre claims .
tr	NN	" Hand me another bat ? "
tr	NN	" While Helen and Amber make their necklaces , they should make a dagger as well . "
tr	NN	" Maybe you haven 't ordered enough pizza . "
tr	NNS	He removed two helmets from the snowmobile 's seat and handed her one , then put on his own .
tr	NN	With his parting words , he had sealed my fate .
tr	NNS	Guilt fluttered along the fringes of my consciousness .
tr	NN	And he had seen the hilt of it protruding from Valentine 's shoulder sheath , but he 'd never really examined it up close .
tr	NNS	When your father died -- Mother sent requests to the ... wealthier recipients .
tr	NNS	Ah the joys of starting a new job .
tr	NNS	They 'd ridden bikes since Max was in his teens .
tr	NNS	Or three sports heroes .
tr	NN	Removing it could trigger a miscarriage .
tr	NN	She was abandoning her clan without any hope of getting a release statement .
tr	NNS	She quickly administered more drugs through the IV drip that went into the girl 's arm .
tr	NNS	" I 've got bites in places I can 't even show you .
tr	NNS	' Otherwise I would make suitable arrangements for thy comfort .
tr	NN	I bet nobody expected that , but you worked so hard for them .
tr	NNS	The other two men picked up their guitars , strumming a few chords , talking quietly .
tr	NN	" Decades ago , before they were killed , our parents made a stunning breakthrough .
tr	NN	" I understand your dedication to your friend .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to gag as the man 's breath wafts towards my nostrils , smelling just as bad as a walker .
tr	NN	He handed her a towel after wrapping one around his hips .
tr	NN	She shrugged her backpack off and placed it by his desk .
tr	NN	He favored his left hip as he sat .
tr	NNS	I had noticed his silent movements , his careful grace .
tr	NN	Thank goodness you saved yourself .
tr	NN	She said a silent prayer as the two of them lay there silently together .
tr	NN	A quick look around the dining area revealed a collection of New York 's wealthiest and visiting famous .
tr	NNS	Maggie cleared away the sandwich dishes and carried them into the kitchen .
tr	NN	Maybe I 'd actually get full disclosure on what he told me .
tr	NNS	They picked up the packs .
tr	NNS	She had a few dollars in savings .
tr	NNS	Carrying me into my room , he pulls the covers up around me .
tr	NN	He keyed up his mic - The last pallet bucked off the tracks .
tr	NN	She recovered the jar and smiled at the boy .
tr	NNS	The action brought her breasts firmly against him and encased her within his arms .
tr	NN	He picks up the pistol and adjusts the setting to semi-automatic .
tr	NNS	She remembered long corridors stretching out to infinity and a huge grandfather clock whose ticks had sounded like the beats of a dying heart .
tr	NNS	Provided she played her cards right .
tr	NNS	On this day however , slight aggravation caused his iris to flood with deep storm clouds .
tr	NN	I 've ordered an evaluation and intervention , and I will report back with the results next month . "
tr	NN	" Oh , I - " I start to say as I stand , but Realm catches my thigh and eases me back down .
tr	NNS	He saw two houses as they drove along and would likely see more , but they didn 't appear until the truck was nearly past them .
tr	NNS	We even took side roads out of the city .
tr	NN	Buck , let me remind you once again , you have an unsigned fax as a letter of intent that isn 't worth a fiddler 's fart .
tr	NNS	Maybe I 'd text Rob for a booty call on my way home .
tr	NN	" You , I have faith in .
tr	NNS	He mixes lies with truth and cares for neither .
tr	NNS	Angels hide visions only by our physical touch of the one dreamed about .
tr	NNS	Her feet dangled several inches off the ground , but by this point Chrissie wasn 't about to let a little thing like suspended animation distract her .
tr	NNS	While Alison got out extra silverware , Shana took the dinner and salad plates from the cupboard , along with two extra water glasses .
tr	NNS	I turned and saw two dark , twisted silhouettes on the far side of the building , seeing new prey in sight .
tr	NN	Chapter Three HOW DID ONE hold a funeral for a person whose body was gone ?
tr	NN	Dave happily gave up that distinction to leave his plastic life to be just one of the guys again .
tr	NNS	" You 've got tits ! "
tr	NN	* * * Dawn fought off the urge to call Randy .
tr	NNS	He 'd be using the low settings .
tr	NN	Instead , he 'd simply demanded respect and affection and Sage had refused to give either .
tr	NNS	We 'll have sandwiches when you get back . "
tr	NNS	That she , too , had daddy issues ?
tr	NNS	I grudgingly gave him points for effort .
tr	NNS	Oh ... it 's got no numbers .
tr	NN	And he made a sculpture of what he thought the ideal woman would be like .
tr	NN	They 'd only be prolonging the worst misery a person could imagine .
tr	NN	Says if I don 't come , he 'll turn over the proof of your guilt to that D.C. cop , Gwen Lazlo . "
tr	NN	I skipped protocol and traveled to the Oak Land by myself .
tr	NNS	She understood the issues , and she was very clever .
tr	NNS	" We must avoid the video cameras of the fuel replenishment station . "
tr	NNS	" Thank you , Sir Jeremy , " Catherine accepted the items from the tall knight .
tr	NN	I had a hunch the records might be in the Caymans .
tr	NN	I 'd never seen a man bolt up and discard his weapons so quickly in my life .
tr	NN	That he couldn 't do justice to both .
tr	NNS	I didn 't undervalue her healing skills , but defensive ability made a person feel powerful , and she needed that .
tr	NN	Ernesto , with his hands established on the steer wheel , would snatch a glimpse of her every once in a while .
tr	NN	" I read an article in the paper the other day , the Gazette .
tr	NNS	" ... Oscar didn 't take drugs either .
tr	NNS	Thompson had backed up Russel 's lies , no doubt .
tr	NNS	Most ships had electrical panels at regular intervals to access the guts of the electrical systems .
tr	NN	She gave my hand a squeeze .
tr	NN	Wow , you scared the crap out of me .
tr	NNS	We walk a few more blocks until we reach the street I was sure he 'd said to take a right onto .
tr	NN	Amalia hastily tossed her cloth napkin on the table and responded , " Where do you wan na take me ? "
tr	NNS	Crouching again , she peeled back a couple layers of tissue paper and emerged with a set of silk gloves in rich sapphire blue .
tr	NNS	The man wanted many low cards printed -- sixes , sevens , eights -- but hardly any face cards made .
tr	NN	I can give you speculation , however . "
tr	NN	" As you can see , she 's had a promotion . "
tr	NN	As soon as I arrived , I noticed a throng of people crowded in front of one particular display and felt drawn to investigate .
tr	NNS	' We confirmed these arrangements last week .
tr	NN	He steals the pepperoni .
tr	NNS	She took quick short breaths , nausea setting in .
tr	NNS	Should we bring her meals ?
tr	NNS	I repeat my movements of elevating her and helping her drink .
tr	NNS	Warning , you have a serious malfunction ... " " Who 's doing it ? "
tr	NNS	It also allowed professors to easily check student 's excuses as to why they didn 't finish homework projects , as thousands of student have found out .
tr	NNS	I can 't stand drugs .
tr	NN	The older woman stepped briskly after her , her tailored pantsuit , sleek leather purse , and neat shoes a sharp contrast to the permanently disheveled Fiji .
tr	NN	He gives my knee a fatherly pat .
tr	NNS	They might give some idea about what powers they have and how to fight them .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't forgotten the similarities in our rituals or how the Warriors had wanted our groups to merge .
tr	NN	She felt along his thigh carefully , pressing his skin harder as she gained in confidence .
tr	NN	A funeral might provide closure .
tr	NNS	Above the crackling flames , I could hear sharp , excited murmurs echoing back and forth through the alley , although the gunshots had stopped .
tr	NNS	Rasputin smacked both palms against the gate blocking them .
tr	NNS	Thank gods for small favors .
tr	NN	That black , shiny hair that was twisted on the back of her head highlighted her delicate bone structure .
tr	NN	' Grab the crowbar and come help us pry this post out . '
tr	NN	He fixed his glare on Stanton .
tr	NN	" Well -- " Helen flicked a clump of oily hair over her shoulder .
tr	NNS	" I have trust issues . "
tr	NNS	" I don 't like crowds . "
tr	NNS	Overcome by the need to eat , Serenity grabbed the closest items .
tr	NNS	" Some babies , even after they 're born , have premature digestive systems .
tr	NNS	Sure , it had dangers as she 'd found out first thing , but her fad ' ra could teach her the light .
tr	NN	Bob stopped the scanning and set the radio on channel eighteen .
tr	NNS	Four cops ran mirrors under the car and looked in all the windows .
tr	NN	His workers wrestled the basin onto the fountain 's rim .
tr	NN	To use such promising technology for this narrow preservationist agenda .
tr	NN	Anything you say could shake up the economy or have an impact on a hundred other countries around the globe .
tr	NNS	" She doesn 't do drugs anymore .
tr	NN	He said , " I didn 't want to miss this , got your speech all written out ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll comb the residential areas , see if I run into any humans . "
tr	NNS	He gathered up his packs as the apprentice returned , and the two moved up the stairs .
tr	NN	She took an instant liking to him and not the puppy love kind either .
tr	NNS	Elena turned her pats into gentle pushes .
tr	NN	Dagger flight is withdrawing and seeking protection from Hammer .
tr	NN	Waters hefted her rifle but didn 't aim .
tr	NN	Suddenly I heard the rattle of the latch and the door opening , and turned to see two cloaked figures coming in .
tr	NNS	And they must have had some good connections too .
tr	NNS	In fact , I have photographs to pore over if necessary . "
tr	NN	Then beside the handle of his knife , he felt a soft square package of baking .
tr	NN	The slow , calm marshy surface gave the impression that it was one giant rainforest , bounding with life .
tr	NNS	" Well , kid , you have my apologies . "
tr	NNS	" People have dogs .
tr	NNS	" We 've got other priorities here . "
tr	NN	" I do not need rescuing , Mother , as you well know . "
tr	NNS	She picked up the plates and bowls and reached for the poker to steady herself .
tr	NNS	Joe kicked the helicopter 's blades up a notch and they soon spotted a fire blazing at the base of the hill beside a stream .
tr	NN	The Navarre will complement the pigeon beautifully .
tr	NN	They weathered another hard winter -- relying largely on food and fellowship from Mike 's growing community -- and replanted their fields after all .
tr	NNS	He had redoubled his efforts to infiltrate The Brotherhood .
tr	NN	At ground level a visual explosion of red and yellow tulips dots the campus landscape .
tr	NN	Already he was losing patience with that sentence .
tr	NN	Then with his other hand , he clapped a condom into her palm .
tr	NN	I can promise you privacy for three , so you better take advantage while you can . "
tr	NNS	" Insects have three pairs of legs , not seven . "
tr	NNS	Moving to the controls , he checks his settings and connections to the batteries , then puts his hand on the lever .
tr	NNS	" No one 's seen any wolves , " Leigh continued , " but the forest is full of crows . "
tr	NN	Please God say no , how could anyone love that whore ?
tr	NNS	But you can control your actions .
tr	NN	What the fuck do you know about family life , priest ?
tr	NNS	" Ok so I kind of understand the mining thing , but if you aren 't a miner how do you get the coins ? "
tr	NN	The sound of my name on his lips made my stomach flutter .
tr	NN	I needed a release .
tr	NNS	Once inside they lit torches to see the way .
tr	NN	I wouldn 't understand the menu .
tr	NN	Piper hadn 't heard Klaus ' speech so she just sat there watching us talk about things she didn 't understand .
tr	NN	She slung her backpack onto her shoulders .
tr	NNS	Sure , he 'd experienced some wicked nightmares , but his uneasiness and secrecy had nothing to do with his military past .
tr	NN	The little boy needed a haircut ; she 'd try to remember to bring a comb and scissors tomorrow .
tr	NN	Once there , she pulled the comforter back and stretched out , throwing her arms above her head .
tr	NNS	I followed her movements , and my eyes tracked the long , black streak her mascara left on her hand .
tr	NN	He scooped a handful of gas onto the grass .
tr	NN	After escaping them my insides turned dingy and my exterior as black as an evil glove on the dark side of a moon at night .
tr	NN	" You scared the crap out of me . "
tr	NN	Whose counsel had her father been swallowing ?
tr	NNS	Thankfully , I recognized my surroundings almost immediately .
tr	NNS	To show weakness during this negotiation would only invite future atrocities .
tr	NNS	He just couldn 't deny the benefits he might reap as a result .
tr	NNS	How did you get your abilities ?
tr	NNS	As Cory looked out from his spot , he could see all the balls evenly spaced around the edge of the rectangular goalie box .
tr	NN	Gru pulled open a drawer with a terrible creaking sound and after a brief rummaging held up a finger .
tr	NN	Or perhaps it had some other , deadlier talent .
tr	NN	Around here we don 't have much patience for long-term commitments .
tr	NNS	I picked up my sandals , and we walked down toward the water .
tr	NNS	Pol and I spent the next few centuries in the Vale , quietly pursuing our studies .
tr	NN	I pulled back the thick comforter and scooted toward the edge of the bed , dislodging pillows and driving them to the floor .
tr	NN	It had taken a little digging , but she should have found this .
tr	NN	He curled a strand of her hair around his finger and tugged lightly .
tr	NN	One neat toss had the rope and hook over the balcony wall .
tr	NNS	" At all costs , the men must hold their positions . "
tr	NN	With a sinking feeling in his gut , he recognized the location .
tr	NNS	Can I leave 10 cents on the counter ? "
tr	NNS	" He killed his clan members ? "
tr	NNS	Then , the Army people would check over their cards and discover the discrepancy .
tr	NNS	I began spitting knives , going for killing blows .
tr	NNS	Lights didn 't use guns or bombs in fighting , they weakened our powers .
tr	NNS	Sarah accepted warm hugs from Jack and Bethany , promising to return soon for a visit .
tr	NNS	The incense symbolized prayers rising to God .
tr	NN	" I shouldn 't have even considered a parachute .
tr	NN	He gave a low groan , the sensation of her satin hair brushing over his skin nearly sending him over the edge .
tr	NN	Why must I attend a funeral of a man that tried to freeze me for a thousand years ?
tr	NNS	Cara touches her palms together in front of her .
tr	NN	As always , I had done a small prayer of protection and guidance , letting my intentions be known .
tr	NNS	Lonely and bored , the boy quickly learned his numbers and his letters .
tr	NN	asked the bartender with a smile a minute later as he handed over a large milkshake glass to VIN .
tr	NN	" What the devil is he doing at Shirley 's house ? "
tr	NN	With the first contact , Fin let loose a long-winded moan .
tr	NNS	His expression resumed its usual brightness .
tr	NNS	We can disrupt security systems .
tr	NNS	At night he could sense millions of stars sparkling in pure infinite space .
tr	NNS	I didn 't like the daggers I felt from her gaze .
tr	NN	I had a moral code to follow , even if she 'd grown into a body that took my breath away .
tr	NN	I shrug a shoulder playfully .
tr	NNS	Panicked , I staggered backwards .
tr	NNS	Last time I 'd seen her , she 'd offered me biscuits .
tr	NN	Only because of Hart had the verdict of the inquest been suicide .
tr	NN	" Do not toy with me ! "
tr	NN	" I understand your reluctance , Mr. Lord .
tr	NN	They crossed the packed foyer on their way to the glass tube elevators .
tr	NN	Mia pushed her ponytail over her shoulder and hunched over the laptop again .
tr	NN	You have my admiration .
tr	NNS	He took short , ragged breaths .
tr	NNS	If he was running the Swarm , he 'd have teams stationed on all routes leading into those locations .
tr	NNS	" Where the hell did you get these cloths ? "
tr	NNS	Ryan rushes up on him , his palms ramming Doug 's chest .
tr	NNS	Blake nods and finishes his chronometer settings .
tr	NNS	She passed huge naturally formed chambers .
tr	NN	On the monitor behind Beth , he could clearly see the gleaming sphere .
tr	NN	Perhaps he deserved his fate .
tr	NNS	Namely , rip out his friend 's eyeballs .
tr	NNS	She had not really noticed the changes that had taken place in the man over time .
tr	NN	Hey , not to be rude , but how do you ' gently ' use a motorcycle ? "
tr	NN	The man can 't hold his liquor , apparently .
tr	NNS	" He cost the business millions before my brother and I took over negotiations and acquisitions .
tr	NNS	Another door that could only be for a bathroom stood open a few inches , just as he 'd promised .
tr	NN	Give her the worst almost proposal of her life .
tr	NN	He then takes out a vial of liquid and punctures it with a syringe .
tr	NNS	Then I used the diner 's toilets to freshen up .
tr	NN	The company will declare bankruptcy sometime this week , but they 're still liable for criminal charges .
tr	NN	The sea monster spat the water noisily into the pool .
tr	NNS	Clary could see the brightness of his hair even from a distance .
tr	NN	A chill traveled slowly up Jessica 's spine .
tr	NN	However , with these abilities comes great responsibility . "
tr	NN	As he bent down to pick up the rolled newspaper , he noticed a sky-blue pick-up parked in the driveway next door .
tr	NN	The car was a standard white four door rental , Steve was expecting a blacked out Suburban like the CIA usually used in the movies .
tr	NNS	In seconds , he had the buckles snapped securely .
tr	NN	" I can 't rule anybody out .
tr	NN	One of my destroyers picked up a small carrier with a Marine Expeditionary Force still at Diego Garcia .
tr	NN	In retaliation , I grab a handful of his fries and stuff them in my mouth .
tr	NNS	She 'd handled the smoking pans in the kitchen and they hadn 't started a fire .
tr	NNS	I expected sneers or glimmers of eagerness , even open excitement , but there was none of that .
tr	NN	I lift her gown , and am shocked to see her entire stomach bruised like she has an internal bleed .
tr	NN	Hart tried the scowl , the Mackenzie glare , the little growl .
tr	NNS	Rand slammed his palms on the table and shot out of his chair .
tr	NN	The pier wall and the small fishing village added the perfect frame to this small region of space-time .
tr	NN	I swallow the ache in my throat .
tr	NN	I can hear her yawn .
tr	NNS	It provides nourishment and transmits appropriate data and learning techniques to selected infants , until they are complete and ready to start connection functions . "
tr	NN	The shiver it had sent down his spine .
tr	NN	As Lucy and Dinah scoured the shelves , Jessie espied a mouldering trunk in the far corner .
tr	NN	We share the Blood , the most potent part of life , with Air . "
tr	NN	She turned the knob behind her , and Sean forced himself to let her go .
tr	NN	" You worked your butt off and got your degree in computer technology . "
tr	NNS	Marching bands and cheerleaders . "
tr	NNS	I 'm heading all enquiries into untimely deaths in Cambridge " .
tr	NNS	Shaking her water flasks she noticed their emptiness , so she wandered towards the river to fill them up .
tr	NNS	I 'd rather not get my balls yanked off from scaring the junk out of her .
tr	NN	He heard a far-off bird , and was comforted .
tr	NNS	So where does that leave your ethics ? "
tr	NNS	" Craig had four sons .
tr	NNS	He was just playing tricks .
tr	NN	While Burke rambled on about his hard luck in getting steady employment , Dan took the lad 's measure .
tr	NN	She got an appointment in an hour 's time .
tr	NN	She dismissed the topic with a wave of her hand .
tr	NNS	" I 've always liked bats .
tr	NN	" I can understand your resistance to trusting anyone after being caught in this trap .
tr	NNS	" I have drawn a few conclusions from this fact . "
tr	NN	" It raised a flag all right .
tr	NN	Dan had a belly full of butterflies , and Raj knew their cover was blown .
tr	NNS	If he had a suit , I would understand pockets , but since that is his actual skin , where are the pockets ? ) .
tr	NNS	I find my sweats and tank and put them on quickly .
tr	NNS	" I had three sisters and three brothers . "
tr	NNS	So all five of us spent the next four weekends in the library cranking out reports on various subjects . "
tr	NNS	They had seen all the tricks before and knew how to deal with them .
tr	NNS	And a very old British professor had said , The world turns out its pockets for you , boy .
tr	NNS	Find all the secret areas .
tr	NN	" We have some equipment that can help with winter fires , but not enough . "
tr	NNS	Also , the water would have dragged rock and soil samples from thousands of kilometers away .
tr	NNS	She had several pairs of his socks , a blanket from his bed , and his winter gloves .
tr	NN	At least he could feed one hunger .
tr	NNS	Charles laughed , " She doesn 't count , she has more male hormones in her than half of the men in Palm Springs . "
tr	NNS	For a restaurant in a town that was only a speck on the map , the Sea Crest had big-city prices .
tr	NNS	I was wearing sweats and sneakers and so was Asher .
tr	NN	And Cohen wanted the full package .
tr	NNS	" Where would we hold our meetings ? "
tr	NNS	She had changed the concepts of self , of others , of the city .
tr	NNS	She let her defenses down and chatted with him as the wine loosened her tongue and the food sated her stomach .
tr	NNS	He soon regained his senses and they were back to cruising as fast as possible .
tr	NNS	" Well then , let 's have those vegetables .
tr	NNS	Pirates plague our routes .
tr	NNS	Maybe some soldiers could fulfill their job assignments with one leg .
tr	NN	He plunged his shaft deep within her again , taking advantage of how her mouth opened wider when she gasped by claiming it even more deeply .
tr	NNS	They have great instincts . "
tr	NN	I had simply felt an attraction , when I was seldom attracted .
tr	NN	She was still clutching the picture frame , but she knew there was no chance of fighting them both off at once .
tr	NN	She sighed and let out a soft moan .
tr	NNS	And , Sara had also cut all ties to Missy .
tr	NN	She cleaned out her closet and separated her clothes , constantly forcing her mind to make decisions .
tr	NN	" I have more magic candy , but we must reach an agreement before I can share it with you .
tr	NN	Mad Dog didn 't feel a stitch of discomfort .
tr	NNS	That mouth had great yellow fangs and ran from the top to the bottom of the head , opening vertically instead of horizontally .
tr	NNS	He fashioned tight rabbit 's - ear knots in the corners to make a pocket .
tr	NNS	Four sconces held four more burning torches .
tr	NN	" Oh , I can tell you what era , Charlotte .
tr	NNS	" I 'm taking no chances . "
tr	NNS	Charlie had been counting the targets as they fell .
tr	NNS	They ´ re almost like an army as they swarm or approach each vehicle that lands .
tr	NNS	" Simple hiring agreements .
tr	NNS	She stroked his back , curving her palms over his ass , then traced her fingernails back up his skin .
tr	NN	It took the meaning of saving lives to a whole new level .
tr	NN	He gave me an exasperated smirk , like I wasn 't making sense , which I guess I wasn 't .
tr	NNS	He added drops of water and oil into the herb mixture turning into an orange paste .
tr	NN	She put the pillow aside and waited , listening .
tr	NNS	So I 'll just keep those three points . '
tr	NN	He looked good grinning or I should say , even better , so I sighed .
tr	NN	He didn 't have a beard like I imagined a sorcerer should .
tr	NNS	And lucky for me , I had the balls to do it that day . "
tr	NNS	They went down separate aisles , and kept each other in sight while Tony used his flashlight to shine a quick flash on shadowed areas .
tr	NNS	I usually don 't make jokes about sex and toilet paper on a second date .
tr	NNS	Two of the men were wearing suits but even they did some work .
tr	NNS	She was learning boldness as she went along .
tr	NNS	The lawyer confirmed Morton 's suspicions , forcing him to conceal a thin smile .
tr	NN	Or will you undo the bolt , throw wide the door , and say , " Come and see " ?
tr	NN	But , try as he might , he couldn 't muster more than mild annoyance at the angel for being one step ahead .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , she wanted his advice .
tr	NN	He started pacing around the room .
tr	NNS	Quickly Emma cut her wheels to the left and then took the opportunity to look back over her shoulder to insure everyone else was accounted for .
tr	NN	She had reached the unemployment slump .
tr	NN	Before meeting Liz , Selma thought herself a witch , hence Jake 's catty comments about flying brooms and green faces .
tr	NN	In truth , she feared the rejection .
tr	NNS	" They wouldn 't need explosives with it , nor would they blow anything up .
tr	NNS	Shane could feel her breasts softly brushing across his thighs as she moved downward on him .
tr	NNS	Finally , I shoved the pages into my backpack and hustled back to his apartment .
tr	NN	I checked the whole apparatus yesterday . "
tr	NN	And not with you , so stop this charade or whatever you want to call it .
tr	NN	I deserved at least a pat on the back for finding them .
tr	NNS	Two young men sat playing cards at a kitchen table in the middle of a room that had recently been stripped bare of its original fittings .
tr	NNS	The sisters admonished the students to reserve their love for God .
tr	NNS	The one being flirted with actually batted her eyelashes in response .
tr	NNS	He consciously lowered his shields a little more .
tr	NNS	" How did so much red rain penetrate your shields ? "
tr	NN	A tall , perfectly made-up blonde in a pale tank top and matching white capris tucked a magazine under her arm .
tr	NN	He handed her another banana clip .
tr	NNS	For a man of his age , Don Fisher could cover a hundred yards surprisingly quickly .
tr	NNS	Also , Prince Sadi has set aside some funds as a Queen 's gift . "
tr	NNS	For a few moments she watched her thumbs as if they might surprise her .
tr	NNS	We cannot authorize more than twenty-five thousand dollars for repairs this year . '
tr	NN	King Lowen slid an artifact toward the old man .
tr	NN	Nicole caught a glimpse of him and headed over to his side .
tr	NNS	The poison had eaten up his insides , and it was starting to play with his mind . "
tr	NN	I exchange my candle for Toby 's little silver cup , and I wedge myself into the windowsill , bumping my head on the eave .
tr	NNS	Sure , I could throw some telekinesis at a unique attacker , but it seemed they were a little bit sturdier than what I was used to .
tr	NN	She took that responsibility very seriously .
tr	NNS	Before she spawns young queens of her own . "
tr	NNS	Therefore they loved the waters , and their hearts were stirred , but they understood not the messages .
tr	NN	He handed me an old mobile that felt warm and sticky in my hand .
tr	NNS	" He had doubts about this plot from the beginning , doubts that were inflamed when he learned that the boy did not bear the sword .
tr	NNS	" So you are seeing ghosts and reliving memories in your dreams ? "
tr	NN	Tatiana placed her pillow behind her brother and made the boy comfortable .
tr	NN	" We have a farm in North Carolina that I 'm going to turn into a civilian air force base .
tr	NN	A reading that far off would send any pilot immediately into visual mode .
tr	NN	She left the escalator and headed back through the mall .
tr	NN	Now he could perform his duty to his god and country in a big way .
tr	NN	At the back of the long column came the supply wagons , with them , the Elders and the young .
tr	NN	Wynter ran her long red fingernail down his jawbone .
tr	NN	Covered in sweat , I threw a pillow over my head and tried to fall back asleep .
tr	NN	The squeezing gives me joy .
tr	NN	He flung his lifeline around an outcropping and held on just barely .
tr	NN	The videographer had submitted his recording claiming he 'd witnessed a vampire fight , but no one gave it much credibility .
tr	NN	Altair regarded the enthusiastic young pup .
tr	NN	" All of you have seen my painting ' Fear To Live For ' right ? "
tr	NNS	He gripped my breasts as he continued moving in and out of me , and I moaned as his touch sent shockwaves through my skin .
tr	NNS	" Did he dump enough data to brief us ? "
tr	NN	Even in the early morning , floats and heavy work horses dragged cargo over the grey concourse .
tr	NNS	' Do you like oils ?
tr	NNS	The estate went back generations , to the first Ransom to set roots here shortly after the signing of the Declaration of Independence .
tr	NNS	" We just caught four ships on our system scanners .
tr	NN	Afterward , I help her climb into the wheelbarrow .
tr	NN	And this time he gave her an old magazine , a nineteenth-century journal , the I kind with narrow columns of tiny print and ink illustrations .
tr	NN	Do you remember the female surgeon William told you about ?
tr	NNS	I had difficulties getting up .
tr	NNS	The teens examined the necklaces .
tr	NNS	" How many signals are there ? "
tr	NN	And the one they called the Duck Man had a duck on his head .
tr	NN	A bird that could barely fly and had only one good eye needed protection by those still strong .
tr	NN	I swallow the massive lump lodged in my throat .
tr	NN	In which case , I 'm opening the possibility of living on actual ground .
tr	NNS	Then she grabbed two coffees from the bar that had been set up next to a large statue of Mary and led Emily toward the stage .
tr	NN	This was somewhat ten times more fun than rolling down the hill .
tr	NN	A little shiver ran down her spine .
tr	NN	The ladies surrendered their wraps to a footman , and the articles of clothing were whisked away .
tr	NNS	Eighteen more accurate shots .
tr	NN	" You have a talent , Jason .
tr	NNS	" I 'll have reinforcements .
tr	NN	It 's like wearing the framework of a horizontal skyscraper .
tr	NN	" I want a little sum -- just to go on with .
tr	NNS	" They 'll flood your senses with confusion .
tr	NN	" Recommend sonic cleansing and immediate application of liquid skin , type four .
tr	NNS	She heard noises outside .
tr	NNS	The red haired woman 's father expanded operations , planning for our missions to be farther away and more difficult than before .
tr	NN	Then Cassie heard a crunching beneath her shoes .
tr	NN	Trying to find a way to mirror her actions , he cleaned the abundance of mail from the overflowing basket .
tr	NN	Seeing an opportunity to quell the piercing tone she quickly set a weave and drew out more sap .
tr	NNS	Liam cocked his head , mere inches from his face .
tr	NNS	As long as her health held out , she would have other opportunities .
tr	NN	I 've got nausea . "
tr	NN	I will say goodnight now , unless there is anything else ? '
tr	NN	He caressed a fingertip along her bruised jaw .
tr	NN	It had the effect she had hoped for .
tr	NN	She felt the blood drain from her face but somehow managed to keep her chin up as she glared at him .
tr	NNS	" Well , about six years ago , I have all the dates in a wee book there - came his first disappearance .
tr	NNS	Plus , he likes dawn raids .
tr	NNS	She had her tubes tied at that time .
tr	NNS	They didn 't notice the two new arrivals until General Armstrong swept several aside with one great arm to inspect the problem he was brought there for .
tr	NN	He turned the magazine around so everyone could see the cover .
tr	NNS	He could smash those cameras when he chose , but what he really needed to do was to stop the RAB working .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods !
tr	NN	If he thinks Titus has died , then he will see no other option .
tr	NN	He filled a cart at the bulk store with items from Wilma 's list , groceries , and a prepaid phone for himself .
tr	NN	* * * * Grace laid her History of Game Design book on her desk and walked over to her large flip presentation board .
tr	NN	" Thank you , Your Lordship . "
tr	NN	I want Dallin , " a tiny redhead said , a quiver in her voice .
tr	NN	She understood those visits would resume when he returned from Chicago , however , she desperately needed a temporary reprieve .
tr	NNS	She scooped up several sandwiches and covered them with paper napkins .
tr	NN	Gio punched his thigh in frustration .
tr	NN	I heard his breath flutter uncontrollably .
tr	NNS	You have shared with me your deepest fears .
tr	NNS	I had arrangements to make , and he had guests to greet .
tr	NN	" She has the Sight .
tr	NNS	" I will send out the quilts and stained-glass pieces I have been working on .
tr	NNS	' I 'll draw those devils out of the forest and then drive them into the Gathering .
tr	NN	" But these videos also have a good aspect . "
tr	NNS	I caught his movements from the corner of my eyes and then countered them .
tr	NN	" Don 't look so surprised , young magic caster .
tr	NN	The first bite almost made her vomit .
tr	NNS	How to use Hid powers to harm others .
tr	NN	When he was a block down the road , I turned the ignition and drove forward to where Catcher stood .
tr	NNS	Samara looked both directions and saw the massive machines converging in on them .
tr	NN	He let hot water flow over him and lost himself in the chorus of voices lacing through the steam .
tr	NN	" After all , I have the painting now . "
tr	NN	I appreciate the lesson .
tr	NNS	She 'd paid forty bucks ; she might as well enjoy them .
tr	NNS	" Did she say tits ? "
tr	NNS	The young boys and girls celebrating confirmation later this year served the meals .
tr	NN	What if she hadn 't latched the cage correctly last night ?
tr	NNS	" Seven hundred dollars .
tr	NN	What harm would a couple of minutes with Nate do ?
tr	NNS	Barton Limited had scores of competitors .
tr	NN	Chapter Four The Red Line gave new meaning to the word Lilliputian .
tr	NN	She 'll plead no contest to arson and reckless endangerment in the death of my father . "
tr	NNS	I know his body shudders in pain like a knife blade ripping his skin .
tr	NN	Sofie was asking Viggo 's arch nemesis to bind herself to her for eternity ?
tr	NN	Carol noticed a sharpness in her husband 's voice and glanced over to find him frowning .
tr	NN	They show no more resistance or aggression .
tr	NNS	" Did you get any data ? "
tr	NNS	I felt small fragments of his energy whenever I followed the sudden air anomalies .
tr	NN	He rapped his knuckles on the stained wood .
tr	NN	She faced the small crater , her shoulders lifting with her deep breath .
tr	NNS	He already has his paints set up on the balcony , and he looks stylish in his beret .
tr	NNS	That includes the new systems between the new house and the barns .
tr	NNS	They traveled down corridors , turning several times .
tr	NN	" If his killer were known , it would cause outrage among the makers , who do not clearly see how he has betrayed them .
tr	NN	They 're anticipating a trap .
tr	NN	Felt another dizzying sweep of heat .
tr	NNS	This man knew his drugs .
tr	NN	" And I know a good ice cream when I eat one .
tr	NN	God , I 've missed her attitude .
tr	NN	I 've just received a video from an anonymous source that was addressed directly to me .
tr	NN	" You resisted the witches command to capture her , and instead allowed yourself to be beaten nearly to death for your refusal to assist them .
tr	NN	She should trust her own judgement .
tr	NNS	" My men are breaking all your passwords as we speak .
tr	NNS	Much to her relief , she navigated the winding halls that led to her room without seeing or speaking to anyone .
tr	NN	He could keep packing and I wouldn 't be very long .
tr	NNS	We can make sandwiches , maybe a soup .
tr	NN	Leslie grabbed a nearby menu and scanned its contents .
tr	NNS	She 'd said a few prayers , hoping they wouldn 't end up in a fiery pile of metal .
tr	NNS	Adam caught bits and pieces : his father and Ronan rolling , dragging , punching .
tr	NN	The US would be deploying almost a quarter of a million troops in the coming months as part of the Stability Assistance Program .
tr	NN	she emphasized the nickname she 'd given him .
tr	NNS	Then she saw two more items and jumped into Boone 's arms .
tr	NNS	It raised the hairs on the back of my neck .
tr	NNS	He dropped a couple more coins in the begging bowl .
tr	NNS	I grazed my fangs over her jugular , and she made a small squeak .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you want your porridge chunks ? "
tr	NNS	Or actually , chauffeuring your sisters while I pick up a few things myself .
tr	NN	Next , she drew out a hairbrush and went to work on her smooth , golden locks .
tr	NN	" I do not like crap . "
tr	NN	I reached my pattern altitude of sixty-one hundred feet and went through my routine maneuvers .
tr	NNS	Letting your patient call the shots . "
tr	NN	I called the spa and told them we 'd be a few minutes late . "
tr	NN	Do you have any proof ?
tr	NN	I stop pacing and sit down next to her .
tr	NNS	Both had daggers in their hands .
tr	NN	Thank goodness they 'd been dressed or things might 've ended much differently .
tr	NN	" Everything I 've done coaching you comes from him .
tr	NNS	I collect the plates from her hand and set them in the sink .
tr	NNS	They take chunks out of your skin .
tr	NN	The specks of blood kept landing on her feet and then they started forming letters and then a word .
tr	NNS	Several of them had their noses in a bowl of cream .
tr	NNS	If you hadn 't noticed , you didn 't have fangs before you died .
tr	NNS	Gabby had saved these cards in a tiny bundle held together by a rubber band .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't understand roads and it can 't be good for him to live in a place that 's surrounded by one . '
tr	NN	Only a few weak overhead electric lights illuminated the central spine that ran all the way from tail fin to front .
tr	NN	He rolled her nipple between this thumb and forefinger , making it even harder .
tr	NN	In the light of the fire Norman saw another extinguisher , grabbed it , but the metal was burning hot and he dropped it to the floor .
tr	NN	A slight chill ran down Terrance 's spine as he considered the potential ramifications of this unexpected information .
tr	NN	Lizzie suddenly felt an ache in her stomach as she listened to the old man .
tr	NNS	He probably wanted his students to see what the entire object would look like once recovered .
tr	NNS	He was flunking all his classes . "
tr	NNS	She pulled out the scores and shoved them at her father .
tr	NN	I heard a yell recognizing it as Webb .
tr	NNS	Yet , that very same night I heard noises and I knew somebody was trying to get in .
tr	NN	Shocked by this revelation , Tucker felt a sickening twist in his gut .
tr	NNS	Even the opera program looked limp and tattered already .
tr	NN	He saw the nurse bleeding from her side .
tr	NN	Put a feather in my cap and more money into my pension .
tr	NN	Instantly , almost before I even heard it , a cold shiver ran up my spine .
tr	NNS	By the time they were outside , Carol had bridled her fears .
tr	NNS	Dorian could see several large envelopes nestled on the bottom .
tr	NN	She gave her sister a squeeze .
tr	NNS	Her panties were only halfway down her thighs when he bent his head down to run his tongue over her .
tr	NNS	Along with healing , she can work all sorts of other medical magic . "
tr	NN	His memory makes my heart ache , Anna .
tr	NNS	She was studying his Spiderman models .
tr	NNS	At this time police have no other leads .
tr	NN	She looked the attorney up and down .
tr	NNS	As my speed increased , I could see icicles beginning to form at the ends of his hair and beard .
tr	NN	I kind of got the impression he was a bit shy .
tr	NN	After a few seconds , she slammed her juice down and groaned .
tr	NNS	" And say your prayers that we actually walk out of here .
tr	NN	" Ah why yoo wun janitor ? "
tr	NNS	They 'd all seen wolves like that .
tr	NN	Aria caught only a brief glimpse of pale dirty feet appearing at the top of the steps before Ashby slid the door silently closed .
tr	NNS	Why does he keep evading enquiries about his blog ?
tr	NNS	She squeezed her thighs together , experiencing the same rush of pleasure .
tr	NNS	James Silver kept his suspicions and his thoughts about the Captain to himself .
tr	NN	" The Dream mentioned a ' plague that was not a plague , ' and that has me a bit confused . "
tr	NNS	We 'll also be setting up neighborhood Homeland Security offices where people can visit and discuss their concerns in person .
tr	NN	The thought sent such a bolt of panic through her that she felt as if she might faint .
tr	NNS	I 'd retain my existing clients , take over for some of Jillian 's , and be responsible for bringing in new clients .
tr	NNS	' They ate the deer ... ' she said uncertainly , looking at him .
tr	NN	He held a long cardboard cylinder -- the kind people used to carry rolled up maps and posters .
tr	NN	He did not even see the grate covering .
tr	NNS	The girls ' reluctance spoke volumes and before the first song 's chorus the arrangement fell apart .
tr	NNS	The old man put twenty-five coins on my palm .
tr	NNS	I took my chances and I grabbed what I wanted from the table .
tr	NN	However , we will not suffer the same fate as Germany !
tr	NN	Going into that psychic corridor always has this effect on both of us . "
tr	NNS	He confirms my suspicions .
tr	NN	I 'd received the follow-up e-mail from Georgia while we were on the road .
tr	NNS	But don 't take his accomplishments away from him .
tr	NN	She opened up a side drawer of the desk and pulled out a phone .
tr	NNS	China blames US , US blames terrorists .
tr	NN	I drink the apple juice , anything to mask the flavors lingering in my mouth .
tr	NN	Liz jumped off the mare and ran to the women , gasping for air .
tr	NN	Nicole held up one shoe , cradling it in her hands .
tr	NN	The second message by contrast was masterfully organised , a document that might even have put Beth to shame .
tr	NN	Ada raised her soda with a dry expression , though I could see the tiniest hint of sisterly affection .
tr	NNS	She turned several more pages , until her vision settled upon a specific concoction .
tr	NN	He removed the man 's gag , daring him to speak .
tr	NN	I 've never felt that sensation before .
tr	NN	" She gave me the loyalty of all dragons . "
tr	NNS	Her sister really had some balls .
tr	NN	" You 've received my dossier ? "
tr	NN	He stroked his graying beard and pushed himself up in the bed .
tr	NN	Seth grabbed a large green dish towel off the counter and wrapped it around his waist .
tr	NNS	Also the ship does have its own systems to help you thru your tasks . "
tr	NNS	I can 't give excuses .
tr	NN	Ryan eyed the butler with a large degree of suspicion as he peeled off his calfskin gloves and handed them to Hutchins together with his hat .
tr	NN	Up degree by degree , the fire would burn hotter and hotter , till thick , black smoke poured out the smokestack near the cab .
tr	NNS	The boy allegedly inhaled several large gulps of the chemical agent and survived .
tr	NNS	" Take me back to that pub , " Dickie said to George , " maybe I can find those two coins . "
tr	NNS	Please make the arrangements and let me know when it would be best for us to call on you . "
tr	NNS	They touched noses , both of them with mouths slightly open .
tr	NNS	Two of the three glass touch screens were displaying real time weather conditions .
tr	NNS	She read and dismissed half a dozen titles before something caught her eye .
tr	NN	" You using a razor yet ? "
tr	NNS	I could feel the hairs on the back of my neck stand up and the adrenaline shoot through me .
tr	NNS	" No , they 'll see fangs .
tr	NN	I wrapped the towel around my waist , spraying on some cologne .
tr	NN	Sighing , he took a carrot chunk and nibbled on it .
tr	NNS	Tim could see the small tiny bubbles popping out of the bottle and then the stubby forefinger extended toward him from the neck of the bottle .
tr	NN	" Can you expand the scale ? "
tr	NN	Allie forced a shrug .
tr	NNS	Another glance at the group confirmed her suspicions .
tr	NN	" When Lily and I launched Kimball Technologies , we struck a bargain .
tr	NNS	As a category six wizard , she could use telekinesis without a premade enchantment .
tr	NN	He could see the logic in Phoenix 's reasoning , but if he went that path , he would lose any chance with her .
tr	NNS	My pulse rate jumped several notches .
tr	NN	After the Christmas holidays , they began their evaluation .
tr	NNS	" The inspector has the contracts proving our involvement in the construction of some of the faulty skyscrapers . "
tr	NN	He slid one fingertip inside her , spreading her sexy juices over her thick , dewy folds .
tr	NNS	It hung a few inches from her lips .
tr	NN	Trystan steps toward me , pulls the pillow from my hands , and slides his palms up my cheeks and then tangles his fingers in my hair .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my suddenly sweaty palms together and tried channeling Sarah .
tr	NN	Monique pulled the file from her handbag , set it on the table , and pointed to the top of the first page .
tr	NN	I folded my pillow over my head .
tr	NNS	And we also have a few heroes scattered about .
tr	NN	He pulled his dagger out and turned to kill the Daimon .
tr	NN	" The chaos behind us will last a handful of minutes at most .
tr	NNS	A small window glowed a few inches above the shelf .
tr	NN	I set an anchor as far back as I could while still leaving enough rope to get down to the bottom .
tr	NN	Her uncle had built this fine one-and-a-half story frame and clapboard house of a moderate size and furnished it with good , solid English furniture .
tr	NN	I started pacing beside the bed again , roughly brushing past where he was standing .
tr	NNS	" You people form ranks . "
tr	NNS	" Did you fill out your application forms in their entirety ? "
tr	NN	He gave me protection , food , shelter , and saved my brother more than a few times .
tr	NNS	I took long breaths trying to calm my nerves and walked around the center divan waving my arms and willing myself not to start sweating .
tr	NN	" I don 't need your protection , Jason .
tr	NNS	They give him their room numbers , and we suspect he sneaks around and tries to play the big stud , just like Elvis .
tr	NNS	I had visions of the young man sitting astride the equally young lady , punching her repeatedly in the face .
tr	NN	His words struck a chord , an unpleasant one , for weren 't those Jack 's own sentiments about Duncan ?
tr	NN	' You had a dummy , did you ? '
tr	NN	Maxim gauged the depth of the hole .
tr	NN	" You have no cage , no cell , no dungeon that can hold me ! "
tr	NN	The image had no depth .
tr	NN	Olive spun the dial back and forth , then tried the lock .
tr	NNS	' Therefore what you believe changes what you would do . '
tr	NN	So I made a leap of faith and convinced myself that I had reached the bottom and that slowly , ever so slowly things would improve .
tr	NN	But since he is not me , that perilous word can have no effect on either of us .
tr	NN	Under the bed I found one aluminum bat , one baseball mitt , and one potted plant .
tr	NN	He added pasta into the water .
tr	NNS	A kid learns the basics damn fast on a ranch .
tr	NNS	Brittany bats her eyelashes at us .
tr	NN	" Here , seek God 's forgiveness for your sins , whatever they are . "
tr	NNS	A couple of minutes later , Kelly brought out the two hot cups of coffee and sat next to Mike .
tr	NN	Scott grabbed the extra rake I 'd propped against the front porch and came over to help .
tr	NNS	Now he has students of his own at a local high school .
tr	NNS	We should probably cut our losses and disappear . "
tr	NN	" By placing those dishes and this letter in the box , she turned the task over to God , and quietly slipped away . "
tr	NNS	Jax 's voice lowered dangerously .
tr	NN	You have a visitor . "
tr	NN	I don 't remember a shovel .
tr	NN	He watched the large gold pendant swing by the silver chain .
tr	NN	Underneath , his skin was whole , the only thing left of the wound a patch of dried blood .
tr	NNS	Don 't make any radical changes for a while .
tr	NNS	Elena saw the burnt-out houses and the blackened trees through tears .
tr	NN	So , no , I have no browser .
tr	NNS	They just grabbed their dates and followed your lead , kind of like sheep following their shepherd . "
tr	NNS	It drew scholars from around the known world .
tr	NNS	The librarians had made many justified complaints about the heating and cooling , and the electrical wiring left a lot to be desired .
tr	NNS	The glove rose several inches , straight up , coming loose of the nail that had supported it moments before .
tr	NNS	I could hear the bugs and crickets and the chirps of the birds as they played in the gutter and over the grass .
tr	NN	The Doctor gave him a little vial of the juice to make me sleep .
tr	NN	On the countertop near the sink , sat a basket with a note that read , ' To Mr. and Mrs. Tate ' .
tr	NN	She was enjoying his squirming ... he could tell .
tr	NNS	" Daemon wrote the terms ?
tr	NNS	He reaches for his wallet and hands the driver fifty dollars and tells him to keep the change .
tr	NNS	The doctor had partially regained his wits , what was left of them , and switched to his reverend manner .
tr	NNS	I put out my candles , lay back , and tried to sleep .
tr	NN	The nervousness of his grin sent a desperate flutter to Kylie 's gut .
tr	NNS	As you may know , in the Bible , Christ performs no miracles early in his life .
tr	NN	He had no goal in mind , but he was too restless to sit and do nothing .
tr	NNS	Some of the moon folks have birthed second , third , fourth and fifth surrogates babies since young married couples .
tr	NNS	He rotated his pelvis against hers and forced a moan from her lips .
tr	NN	I want proof that his bills were covered in full and that the rest is for his future care . "
tr	NNS	She pulled the sandwiches and chips out and they settled on the wooden floor .
tr	NNS	" Your sorry doesn 't bring my cattle back to life .
tr	NNS	Many of them either turned their noses up at him or simply didn 't look at him , pretending he didn 't exist .
tr	NN	She 'd offered him the possibility of reconciliation , but their getting back together hinged on coming to terms with the things that divided them .
tr	NNS	I smelled roses , and the words that came from my mouth were not my words .
tr	NN	He hadn 't regained consciousness since being dragged into her cottage .
tr	NNS	Hope I don 't lose my fingernails . "
tr	NN	I heard the car door slam .
tr	NNS	Write down the three most important numbers that you don 't have memorized . "
tr	NN	Halen tore the wire away from his throat and stoically ignored the fact that he was bleeding as he too fought for air .
tr	NN	She felt a pang of regret .
tr	NNS	I brushed my fears aside .
tr	NN	I had the foresight to get the nails out of the front door before the police got there .
tr	NNS	It all looks marvellous . "
tr	NN	I shrug a small shrug .
tr	NN	After staring wordlessly at his plate , he finally laid the fork aside and combed his fingers through the snowy brush on his upper lip .
tr	NN	The tiger had touched the cub only once before it was taken away from him .
tr	NNS	Jordan hooked his thumbs into the waistband of his jeans and looked at the ground .
tr	NN	He whispered a prayer , hoping for the Lord 's protection .
tr	NN	It was a set and never sprung mouse trap .
tr	NNS	Her roommate , by contrast , had two shelves filled with expensive textbooks and a third shelf holding a music system and CDs .
tr	NNS	She studied her fingernails and bit at one .
tr	NN	The pilot had executed a textbook emergency landing ; no passengers were injured .
tr	NNS	The idea of the elevator in the middle of the night gave him the creeps for some strange reason .
tr	NN	He choked and dropped his dagger , raising his hand to tear at the rope being tightened on his windpipe .
tr	NN	" You mean counsel with regards the blue crystal ? "
tr	NN	Grinning cheekily at him I make a dash for the door .
tr	NNS	Yeah , they have all sorts of rules .
tr	NN	She swallowed back a lump of gratitude along with the sudden threat of tears as he finished with the dressing .
tr	NNS	If you want more proof , check the brambles at the top of the hill .
tr	NN	Jack did not notice this interaction .
tr	NN	" Who has the file for the last victim ? "
tr	NN	" Unfortunately , we didn 't find the video of the match , but we found one thing about it .
tr	NN	He could feel her unease in both the tentative way she moved and the sudden spike of her adrenaline , which echoed in his own veins .
tr	NN	Within their half-circle , against the dark ground , blazed a blue-white pentagram .
tr	NN	" You give the worst damn advice . "
tr	NN	He did breathe , then , a long shaky intake of air .
tr	NN	This time we held back to let the men and women of the First Precinct have front row to honor their own .
tr	NNS	Cael checked Jake 's bindings , making sure there was enough circulation .
tr	NNS	" Now they have the same nightmares we do . "
tr	NNS	His hands buffed her biceps , warming her cold flesh through her sweater .
tr	NN	Something about this boy struck a chord with her , though she wasn 't sure what it was .
tr	NNS	" A guy was selling roses on the street so I got you some .
tr	NN	Jordan politely placed his napkin back in his lap , but she could have sworn his eyes gleamed with laughter .
tr	NNS	People learnt new skills and put them into practice .
tr	NNS	You could still gain more abilities .
tr	NN	Besides , the boomerang was having a strange effect on her , like she was meant to have it .
tr	NNS	I accept the pretty pink roses , complimenting my green gown , elegantly strolling towards Prewitt .
tr	NNS	Prior to the development of W.D. Royals had no expansionist policies .
tr	NN	Dormer fit a metal lid over the exposed side of the small box and looked up at Colton .
tr	NN	Alexandra restrained the cowardly impulse to back away .
tr	NNS	I only received bits and pieces and then not much after that .
tr	NNS	I even heard reports that people were burning dollar bills in Boston last month for heat ! "
tr	NNS	He had the brains , the ambition , the good looks .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't give the war cry points for originality , but for sheer enthusiasm it won my heart .
tr	NN	Looking up at him , Jenny felt her lip twitch , not quite a smile .
tr	NNS	She had no complaints about this .
tr	NN	As I passed the kitchen I saw the stove encased by an old encrusted lava flow of brown spaghetti sauce .
tr	NNS	" They must have cameras and spy devices planted .
tr	NN	" Surely a dragon would have only one rider ?
tr	NNS	He removed two dinner plates from her cupboard and set them on the table .
tr	NN	Of course he has talent .
tr	NN	They dusted and rechecked each item and placed it near the front door of the townhouse .
tr	NNS	They left the marginal lands to locals who struggled to survive on subsistence farming . "
tr	NNS	That only makes eleven ( plus one mislaid ) and not fourteen , unless wizards count differently to other people .
tr	NN	Besides , he ain 't hurt nobody and we got a good shot of scotch off of the kid . "
tr	NN	But unlike the rest of this town , you can trust my discretion . "
tr	NN	He brought down his pen to write some more .
tr	NNS	In the back , he found two cubs , alone .
tr	NNS	" What other tricks did you learn on the other side ? "
tr	NNS	Except the man didn 't head towards an office , he went fifty yards along the street to the nearest kiosk to make a call .
tr	NN	However , he did not question his command .
tr	NNS	" Sure buddy , I jack ships like that all the time .
tr	NN	She pulled free a vial , then poured the liquid into his mouth .
tr	NN	He ignored the equipment and began rapidly packing all the flash drives that held his data .
tr	NNS	Mikhail took the old photographs and the bundle of papers without even glancing at them .
tr	NNS	He wiped crumbs off the counter with a cloth and dumped them in the trash .
tr	NN	Time to appreciate the splendor of the life I had not squandered , and to comprehend the magic of the sea , the earth , and sky .
tr	NN	' Well , maybe ... I do find her both interesting and frustrating in equal measure . '
tr	NN	Lydia 's frown showed her dismay .
tr	NNS	She took several deep breaths , wishing there was some way to escape from this .
tr	NNS	There 's nothing to worry about , I sent mentally .
tr	NNS	This allowed their ships to not only conquer the harbor , but also to begin attacking the city walls with their machines of war .
tr	NNS	Plus he had skills , mad crazy wolf skills .
tr	NNS	Gray had expected cobwebs and wall torches , but the passage merely wound down to basement levels .
tr	NN	Her anger burned hotter than any fire .
tr	NNS	Even the sheriff and his deputy had moved their main offices to Level 5 .
tr	NN	Perhaps drafting an article for a scientific magazine .
tr	NN	When I finish , I give him the soap and he does the same to me , carefully washing me with gentle touches .
tr	NN	I heard Bryce mutter .
tr	NNS	Second , they had avoided the mines -- at least for a few more months .
tr	NN	Could you have prevented the disappearance ? "
tr	NN	" Hey , you 're getting paler by the second .
tr	NN	Graham left the disaster of his kitchen and went out of the house again .
tr	NNS	And then the men opened their mouths and spoke .
tr	NN	Did he need a release or something ?
tr	NN	This cannot bring any good karma to any of us . "
tr	NNS	I don 't usually do two interviews at the same time , but we 're so pressed to get new employees in here .
tr	NN	Then they started up the rocky hill bathed in sunlight , moving slowly so that Bethany could get a feel for the terrain .
tr	NNS	He can make his sandwiches exactly how he likes them . "
tr	NNS	The moment he released her she put several yards between them .
tr	NNS	You have so gifted your particular pets that I have no chance in opposing them !
tr	NNS	I was learning all sorts of new things .
tr	NN	She jabbed the cluster with her forefinger and pushed until the tip of her finger turned red .
tr	NN	He 'd done some modeling when he was younger and it showed in his chiseled physique and turquoise green eyes .
tr	NN	We each grabbed a metal cart and headed into the stacks .
tr	NNS	I could hear the news interviews now ... " He was always the most cheerful , friendly neighbor .
tr	NNS	" No , he 's keeping tabs on me . "
tr	NN	I could see his discomfort .
tr	NN	But Jake had noticed the slight tremble to Kady 's hands when she 'd first looked at the brochure .
tr	NN	The master bedroom would accommodate Marie 's equipment , and Joe B. and his wife could squeeze into the small bedroom .
tr	NN	Then , Wells had his first encounter with the guards .
tr	NN	He pulled out a handful of plastic cards .
tr	NNS	Everyone had such high expectations of her , and she hadn 't even graduated high school yet .
tr	NN	I got another towel and covered him with it .
tr	NNS	I wrote certain numbers and letters , even words , backwards .
tr	NN	His eyes roamed the landscape .
tr	NNS	How could they share his notions of tolerance and compassion if all they had ever known was hardship and injustice ?
tr	NN	But such raw emotion from total strangers moves even her strong personality .
tr	NNS	I now pulled loose the boards on either side , leaving just enough room for the sword , wrapped up again securely .
tr	NN	Grant held a second crown as Craig escorted Ruth to the small stage .
tr	NNS	I 've been following tracks from a dirt bike .
tr	NN	It took dedication and a constant effort to keep his edge against the local competition .
tr	NNS	" Why did you put tubes in my leg ? "
tr	NN	I couldn 't keep back my snort .
tr	NN	He began his speech , talking not so much about his credentials , but promising something for everyone .
tr	NN	He gave her a playful squeeze and led the way to his place .
tr	NNS	We also run errands for them sometimes - " " Human blood .
tr	NNS	George caught two birds the next day and brought them into the house as offerings , Henry trotting behind on both occasions .
tr	NN	" Back up the hill . "
tr	NN	Lyssa felt her head spin and bile rise in her throat .
tr	NNS	Given this fact , Hawk simply confirmed the suspicions of the soldiers .
tr	NNS	They 're all at the tavern , exchanging phone numbers and catching up on supernatural affairs . "
tr	NN	He wore his usual smirk , and his face told me that he knew I was caught .
tr	NNS	We had long discussions about directors .
tr	NNS	I 've been gathering soil and rock samples from each place I camp .
tr	NNS	I have other obligations at the castle . "
tr	NN	I opened the file .
tr	NN	My dad turned the ignition on and prepared to reverse .
tr	NN	And the marble floor before the figures had a photographic perfection to it .
tr	NN	We don 't know the extent of your powers , and many witches can effect their desires with a mere thought . "
tr	NN	You take the credit if it works . "
tr	NNS	His thoughts never left the coming missions .
tr	NN	Jack tapped his toe against the clear surface .
tr	NN	Anton 's stubbornness tried the patience of even the infinitely patient Vasile , who told him , " Our time is limited .
tr	NNS	Albert finally got out some fast responses .
tr	NN	You must do this task alone . "
tr	NNS	At the top of the gravestone , a delicate angel with outstretched hands was holding a compass .
tr	NN	" I don 't want protection , Byron .
tr	NN	He picked up his briefcase and headed toward the door .
tr	NNS	He must have planted bugs in the rafters , in my bedroom , in the kitchen ; or slipped trackers in my shoes .
tr	NN	Celestino found the truth unspeakable .
tr	NN	I don 't want you , " she snapped , though , the breathless quality of her voice betrayed the tone she 'd been going for .
tr	NNS	They will kick around the chairs , ask some questions , maybe drink some of Sutter 's mead , and then be on their way . "
tr	NNS	" Hey , I had only discovered my powers a month before that .
tr	NN	I could feel the electricity between us , a heat that melds things together rather than blows them apart .
tr	NN	But did his clan ?
tr	NN	Knowing Mason , who never stressed about anything , he 'd probably written the speech last night .
tr	NNS	Sitting up , he opened his senses , relaxing only when he determined that she was nearby .
tr	NNS	I quickly scan along the other buildings .
tr	NN	Maybe stage a coup ... that 's a longshot , certainly .
tr	NN	" I need a haircut .
tr	NNS	He might wear wrinkled flight suits and inside-out T-shirts , but he had reasons .
tr	NN	" He cannot take responsibility for what he doesn 't know . "
tr	NNS	The boys were now just worrying about their families and their homes and blind panic had set in .
tr	NN	He could forget his earlier observation , for there was no security in this citadel .
tr	NNS	Northern New York , even in the summer months , rarely reached the high seventies , low eighties , on the hottest days .
tr	NNS	He had his thumbs hooked into his belt and was looking around with casual interest .
tr	NNS	" Defend yourselves and others against what ? "
tr	NN	' I have good intelligence that tells me you and your friends here are part of a special squad .
tr	NNS	Even those in smaller towns only made trips outside their respective areas for special occasions or emergencies .
tr	NN	Give me the menu and I 'll call in an order now . '
tr	NNS	When treading water in a circle of sharks , a wizard will always consider other wizards to be the most immediate danger .
tr	NNS	As I walked down the hallway , I saw many professors I recognized at their desks , some in meetings with students .
tr	NN	As in , if it ended well , he would get a huge promotion .
tr	NNS	When they reached the clearing of the trees , they noticed three large houses , each around four thousand square feet covering three floors .
tr	NNS	She handed him the gift cards and wrote down the grocery store and pizzeria phone numbers . "
tr	NNS	Lining up the last bits of the strategy and I 'll be ready to present soon . "
tr	NNS	You don 't get any points for being adorable .
tr	NN	Byron dropped the body carelessly , allowing the empty carcass to crumple to the ground .
tr	NN	Do you have no respect for women ?
tr	NN	If anyone from Forrest Sanctuary finds out about this , I can 't imagine the grief the church will give my family .
tr	NN	I 'll be reducing hydrazine and burning hydrogen in the Hab , every 10 hours , for another 10 days .
tr	NN	Its impact had raked a shallow crater about three hundred yards wide .
tr	NNS	Vane didn 't need his psychic powers .
tr	NNS	I remembered my own doubts about why my biological father would give me up .
tr	NN	They won 't consider that God 's punishment .
tr	NNS	" I assure you he doesn 't have the hots for me .
tr	NNS	She was adjusting a dozen monitors with her usual calm .
tr	NN	She left him alone , a pout on her full lips .
tr	NN	I simply love her porridge . "
tr	NNS	Hanging up the mic , Dalton fully anticipated members of his own bridge to revolt .
tr	NN	" Want some advice ? "
tr	NN	So close , his fingertips brushed the nipple , making fire rip through her veins .
tr	NNS	Rolling their bikes outside , Preston set the packs down at the corner of the building .
tr	NNS	I took a few more deep , calming breaths , and concentrated on controlling the trembling of my hands .
tr	NNS	And you 're still doing drugs ? "
tr	NN	My guys and team twelve do the heavy lifting and protocol for logistical supply drops as I realize who the Civ .
tr	NN	Would you like a short presentation on the origins and meaning of the Sword Dance ?
tr	NNS	" I guess the terrorists ?
tr	NNS	I love playing cards , Katie .
tr	NN	As he spun around and stormed out , Kelly bit back the urge to tell him to go easy on Florence Rossman .
tr	NN	They 're writing a musical for me called Redhead , and they would like to know whether you would be interested in working on it with them .
tr	NN	She wore a light-blue silk gown which complemented her complexion to perfection .
tr	NN	Now do the deed we came for and we will be gone ! "
tr	NN	" The God King does not need ceremonial justification .
tr	NNS	He wasn 't simply making up pretty lies for himself .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to look at herself in the strange mirror again .
tr	NN	What if he failed not only his new clan , but his brother and his king ?
tr	NNS	I loved his hugs , especially in this warm shower .
tr	NNS	I have plenty more bullets and at least three more victims . "
tr	NNS	As the Nomads came up over a rise , the King could see a large green area , it had tall grasses and small trees .
tr	NNS	Robby jiggled the coins in his pocket and cleared his throat .
tr	NNS	" I wasn 't doing drugs . "
tr	NNS	I 've always had nightmares of my friends being taken .
tr	NN	I felt a pang of heat as I watched him undo the top few buttons , exposing the skin at the top of his neck .
tr	NNS	Take my sons and ride back to Oxford .
tr	NN	Travis took the backpack from Eve and curled his hand around the handle of one of the suitcases .
tr	NNS	THREE The last bitter dregs of it .
tr	NN	I had built some digital audio conversion hardware and turned it on so it could work on the radio reception from just above the eastern horizon .
tr	NN	dropping the lid to the cobblestones .
tr	NNS	Carson , Francesca and I clean up our dishes and join Blake in his bedroom .
tr	NNS	He tallied the numbers in his head quickly .
tr	NN	I used the peephole and nearly had a stroke .
tr	NN	He shut out the blinding glare of the sun immediately .
tr	NN	Let our combined faith heal her , too .
tr	NN	He 'll make a good roast . "
tr	NN	Then she turned and started on back down the hill again .
tr	NNS	The TAFE Courses only half interested him , they taught manual skills , things like woodwork and metal work .
tr	NN	" I don 't need some scientist to tell me what I know in my soul .
tr	NNS	Cassiopeia chose the accommodations and , since she was also paying for them , he hadn 't protested .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths , trying to calm down .
tr	NNS	I did not like him , he give to me the big creeps , make my hair stand up on neck . "
tr	NNS	In all , it took four such trips to re-supply the ship .
tr	NN	No words can do justice to such a noble and brave man .
tr	NNS	They murmured polite greetings and regarded me with curiosity before they dismissed me , turning their attention back to the others .
tr	NNS	" More shots ? "
tr	NNS	" I haven 't been eating biscuits , but that does sound damn good .
tr	NN	I do not want a repeat of last night .
tr	NNS	" It still is , " Regina replied , a forced brightness in her voice .
tr	NN	He found the balcony with ease .
tr	NN	He bought an eight thousand dollar pedigree bull that dropped dead five months later . "
tr	NNS	And , fine , he scored major points for being easy to talk to and fun to spend the day with .
tr	NNS	She gathered up the countless layers of her veil dress and climbed into the back seat that was lavishly covered in red crushed velvet .
tr	NNS	Time had spared strange elements and taken others : the watch was there , but the hand was not .
tr	NNS	Bryn sniffs and wipes delicately beneath her eyes with the tips of her fingers .
tr	NN	Poking various objects quickly revealed a theme to the room .
tr	NNS	Andres drew labored , irregular breaths .
tr	NNS	" Didn 't have the balls to do it in range of Olivier 's mana . "
tr	NN	They were scaring the crap out of her .
tr	NNS	It had three fins on its head and one going down its long back .
tr	NN	From behind his back , Gavin produced a gilded vase covered in floating cherubs and swirling ivy .
tr	NNS	TAYLOR " You want powers like me ? "
tr	NNS	I stomp the stiffness out of my legs .
tr	NNS	The three women silently dropped their jaws .
tr	NNS	The Cretan navy could inflict terrible losses on Agamemnon 's fleet , but not enough to stop them .
tr	NN	I set down the muffin and glared at him .
tr	NN	It had depth to it , like the picture in Persephone 's room .
tr	NNS	In confined waters or waters close to a coast , they 'll be sitting ducks for missiles .
tr	NN	I heard her sniffle as she held me tighter .
tr	NNS	Over the subsequent months , Anderson used the skills honed over a career to establish a defensible border and an almost competent military force .
tr	NNS	Tantalizing kisses explored her thighs .
tr	NNS	Silence again blanketed the vastness , raging inside her .
tr	NNS	He also shared tales of that lost continent , of great beasts and strange treasures , of mountains on fire and lands of infinite ice .
tr	NN	He could not believe his good fortune .
tr	NN	Cutting the last thread upon the hem , Simone held up the shimmering lilac gown that she had just completed .
tr	NNS	Others had borne even greater losses .
tr	NNS	She welcomed the numbness that settled over her , because she had no doubt that when the numbness vanished , the pain would be unbearable .
tr	NN	" We don 't use that language in this house . "
tr	NNS	To test her motives ?
tr	NN	She even kicked my butt in quite a few of the games . "
tr	NN	But familiar labels don 't do Foucault justice .
tr	NNS	" More airplanes ? "
tr	NN	She 'd already called the small Ford dealership across town .
tr	NN	What if he had some convincing proof ?
tr	NNS	" Five dollars ? "
tr	NN	Firefighters raced down the pier to greet the inferno .
tr	NNS	We might need the extras just to make sure everyone gets their own warlock . "
tr	NN	Tasha accepted the proffered handshake .
tr	NNS	Brick , apparently , didn 't like her efforts .
tr	NNS	Can you feel your metal reserves ? "
tr	NNS	I 've got three classes with Allison , two with Lucy , and one with Brian , so that 's good . "
tr	NNS	Friday holds up forty bucks .
tr	NNS	You have read these reports and you know what I say is true .
tr	NNS	He had followed the directions that were meant for him .
tr	NN	He clutched the rifle , and pointed again .
tr	NNS	The road had so many twists and turns that he began to get nauseated .
tr	NN	She clutched the table ferociously , her nails digging into the wood .
tr	NN	And check the knot on the back of his hood again . "
tr	NN	I fight the urge to touch her hair and feel it fall through my fingers .
tr	NNS	" He 'd better not be , because he and I share some similar techniques . "
tr	NNS	And although she hadn 't seen or spoken to him in days , the thought of him leaving turned her insides .
tr	NN	This man had the daunting task of collecting all the intelligence reports and providing the information to Ethan .
tr	NNS	She also wore slippers and an ill-fitting bra and a pair of panties .
tr	NN	Sally had developed a genuine liking for Franca , but they didn 't have a great deal in common .
tr	NNS	He gave me more than a few mental shudders .
tr	NNS	His father had made millions in the stock market , then later in smart real-estate investments .
tr	NNS	" I don 't do shots . "
tr	NNS	Terra had farm crops , but they weren 't needed on such a massive scale .
tr	NN	I would need a crowbar just to learn the Marshal 's name .
tr	NNS	Perhaps he 'd suit the sales teams though , where someone with native charm and the gift of the gab might excel ?
tr	NNS	Straight on , the trees that would save him stood fifty yards away .
tr	NN	I paid out the rope as he worked his way lower toward the cliff 's edge .
tr	NNS	They kicked off their sandals when they reached the beach entrance and carried them as they walked through the sand .
tr	NN	As much as she wanted to , she 'd never ruin her reputation or sink to the woman 's level .
tr	NN	But maybe I have misplaced faith in your humanity . "
tr	NN	I just needed some proof .
tr	NN	With that , he stood , and he looked down at her with such confidence , she felt her own convictions waver .
tr	NNS	His estate was undergoing some changes for the big bash .
tr	NNS	I could give you a thousand excuses for what I did , but none of them mean shit .
tr	NNS	She had several packs .
tr	NN	" Can you show us which plant , Linc ? "
tr	NN	My graduate student , Jackie Swanson , actually discovered the artifact last summer while assisting me at an archeological dig near St. Peter 's Monastery in Egypt .
tr	NN	If she was willing to offer him the gift of her innocence , then he would offer her the respect she deserved .
tr	NN	I wadded the towel and tossed it to the floor .
tr	NNS	Finally , we were handed ID clips that stuck right to our clothing .
tr	NN	She folded the napkin in half , then in half again , and pressed it back against her lip .
tr	NNS	How many hearts do you think he 's already broken ? "
tr	NNS	" This uniform doesn 't have enough pockets .
tr	NNS	" That only stops the wheels spinning , sir ! "
tr	NN	" Fortunately , they had built the new nursery by the time I was born .
tr	NNS	" Did he cover his tracks ?
tr	NNS	We 've got factions throughout the Miami area already in training , planning well-orchestrated moves at the first sign of civil uprising in Cuba . "
tr	NN	He bit her earlobe gently .
tr	NNS	Say your prayers , Amy . "
tr	NNS	It will do two hundred million operations a second .
tr	NNS	It might remove the final illusions I cling to about my own courtship , all those years ago . "
tr	NN	" I have a favor to ask . "
tr	NNS	I had nightmares for weeks .
tr	NN	Then Riva took the Orb and sailed with his people to the Isle of the Winds .
tr	NNS	Katie gathered our wrappers and stuff .
tr	NNS	' My home have been set apart , it have been made ruins ' I cried as I hit heavily on him .
tr	NN	A guilty blush colored his neck and face as he admitted the depth of his desire for her .
tr	NN	One of the men handed him a briefcase .
tr	NNS	" What sorts of things does he write about ? "
tr	NNS	They said a million bucks .
tr	NNS	He pulled open the drapes and slid the big door open .
tr	NNS	" Nobody I talked to would describe his jokes in detail .
tr	NN	" Lisa , put your uncle on ; I need to speak to him . "
tr	NN	She got sushi , I had a turkey burger . "
tr	NNS	Just go apologize . "
tr	NNS	Jane had only counted a few crates in one corner and a collection of covered furniture in another when she had first entered days ago .
tr	NNS	Angelina couldn 't digest his complaints .
tr	NNS	We don 't want your damned germs and your smelly grass and your dull blue sky and your dull white clouds .
tr	NN	Flipping the protective casing , she pressed the function on her wrist and assumed a taut position .
tr	NNS	I could feel my palms clamming up and my forehead starting to burn up .
tr	NNS	He heard noises from outside the door , so he got up to investigate .
tr	NN	It struck a chord with Savannah , " Of course I don 't want that .
tr	NNS	We get a couple buckets and throw the stuff at them as we run ?
tr	NNS	Let his actions speak for him .
tr	NN	She threw her briefcase in after .
tr	NNS	God didn 't want the prideful peasants ruining His order .
tr	NN	Defeated , she stared sullenly out at the misty forest .
tr	NNS	She reaches the battlements and turns round .
tr	NN	Then he heard the echo of a big splash .
tr	NNS	He had counted the fast beats of her pulse in her delicate throat .
tr	NN	" No , live theatre .
tr	NN	" I can read a uniform .
tr	NN	Afterwards , Mandy gave him a quick sponge bath to help relax his tired muscles .
tr	NNS	She took several deep breaths and then rose gracefully to her feet .
tr	NNS	But something about him gave me butterflies .
tr	NNS	Veronica wasn 't sacrificing victims with knives and stone altars .
tr	NN	Robert put the file on his desk and stood .
tr	NNS	I also like Lois .
tr	NNS	" You brought seeds as well ? "
tr	NN	He opened the drawer and saw within , still sitting behind the pile of paper , that bottle from the old woman .
tr	NNS	" None of them had the powers I have . "
tr	NNS	Judging by the warning signs emblazoned on the crates , they contain powerful explosives .
tr	NNS	I had connections by that time , and I could go anywhere I wanted , do whatever I wanted .
tr	NNS	Some opened new hotels and restaurants .
tr	NN	Hunter lost his rifle as it slid down into the monster 's rampage .
tr	NN	More specifically , she had what Kate wanted , and promptly trundled him out of the cafe before he 'd finished his meal , poor bloke .
tr	NN	Shutting his eyes he could almost see his dad grinning .
tr	NNS	The dead do not have auras . "
tr	NN	Seems I cramped her style .
tr	NN	" Who are you calling a clot ? "
tr	NNS	Finally footsteps and voices drew nearer .
tr	NN	After Miles wipes sweat from his brow and catches his breath , we perform a sweep of the stadium , checking the various traps around the stands .
tr	NNS	As Jake struggled to figure it out , he grew dizzy looking up into the heart of the twirling machinery .
tr	NN	If he hears of you complaining against him , surely we will know his vengeance . "
tr	NNS	Statues , paintings and musical instruments lined the corridors ; some of them vibrated softly as I passed , faint shivers of music hanging on the air .
tr	NNS	" You guys can see yourselves out , right ? "
tr	NNS	I don 't want any hysterical public confessions , and I absolutely forbid you to kill yourself .
tr	NNS	It had divided her ancestors and his , but she couldn 't let that happen again .
tr	NNS	They wanted no accidents where she was concerned .
tr	NN	She released her pent up breath .
tr	NN	Sybil had never suspected his locked trunk held velvets and gold brocade .
tr	NN	My family and I respected your privacy then .
tr	NN	He slid the lid off the box and peered inside where he espied a shining black simple Waterman fountain pen and a small bottle of black ink .
tr	NNS	However , I turned over two or three trinkets , wondering whether Agnes would like a pendant or a necklace .
tr	NNS	He might have some suspicions that I was with Harlin after seeing him in the bakery today .
tr	NN	From her place at the corner of the sofa , legs curled under her , Shannon stifled a snicker .
tr	NN	He gave her an absent pat on her hand .
tr	NNS	She could smell lotus blossoms and a bit of nutmeg .
tr	NN	He and William Hunter owned the plant Ed Browning had been working at since it first opened eight years earlier .
tr	NNS	Didn 't you see my texts ? "
tr	NN	Catching up her hand , he gave it a squeeze .
tr	NNS	She gave him a few quick strokes and pulled him onto the bed .
tr	NNS	" But they can 't make engines that small .
tr	NNS	Before we discovered your planet , we mined some frozen planets .
tr	NN	He wouldn 't take rejection lightly and he had means to make someone disappear by his own admission .
tr	NN	" I got a nice supply , courtesy of my friends in Austin .
tr	NNS	" The layers ... the currents ... " " Later , " Lucia promised him .
tr	NN	I felt the blood drain from my face .
tr	NN	And I 've skipped every hangout since Owen got back into town . "
tr	NNS	His thumbs were hanging off his pockets and he had a foot resting on the surface behind him .
tr	NN	Out of the corner of my eye , I could see his smirk fading away as his face became serious again .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes .
tr	NNS	Savoring each bite , she enjoyed the birds chirping somewhere in the trees and the sound of the ocean waves crashing against the beach .
tr	NNS	We adjusted our frequencies accordingly .
tr	NNS	I have my issues , trust me . "
tr	NN	Elec climbed the spiral stairwell to take his place in the rear section of the hall .
tr	NNS	" No burns or anything ? "
tr	NN	It probably entered a contingency mode and started circling the Lander , trying to communicate .
tr	NNS	She stroked the braids at his temples , pulling when he stopped sucking .
tr	NN	I stifle a groan .
tr	NN	At the far end , a narrow road followed along the ridge to the antenna towers a couple miles further along the ridge .
tr	NNS	" Millions or perhaps billions of them . "
tr	NNS	" So you have fangs ?
tr	NN	Raven felt his swift intake of breath , the tensing of every muscle .
tr	NNS	Increase your chances of winning by addressing the monthly theme .
tr	NNS	" Did he have dogs ? "
tr	NNS	Maybe even use different cameras to film the first one and this one .
tr	NNS	" We had certain common interests in cards and drink .
tr	NN	She had a live-in sitter , but as he knew well , caring for Andrea was a full-time job in itself .
tr	NN	Pulling at her top she fought down the urge to tear it away from her .
tr	NNS	She approached the students .
tr	NN	She ripped open the tape closing the two flaps together and peered into the box then looked up at Carson in horror .
tr	NNS	The map showed the latest known positions of the Coalition forces , as well as the enemy forces .
tr	NN	He lightly tapped her temple .
tr	NN	Earlier , at her apartment , she 'd opened the briefcase .
tr	NNS	To her surprise , Kyle took the pages and quickly laid them on the table .
tr	NN	Just when it seemed everything was going wrong , she 'd been thrown this lifeline by Peter .
tr	NNS	Then he blew out the candles and left the library , carefully closing the door behind him .
tr	NNS	It had never been like this with Matt , she thought dimly .
tr	NNS	Sure , I might have major issues , but insomnia isn 't one of them .
tr	NN	So we 'll get this stew on the simmer , have more wine , and we 'll talk of it . "
tr	NN	Then Cash put his rifle back on the floor just as silently as he had picked it up .
tr	NNS	I have some rights , Aunt Pol . '
tr	NNS	I searched Ray 's data for graphics and I found the scans of the original film photos .
tr	NN	Wishing I hadn 't committed to going , I put my pen down .
tr	NN	When the haggling was over and the bargains met , they smiled and told themselves , they had made the best trade .
tr	NN	My parents own a nursery . "
tr	NN	Onyx picked up a feather dipped in ink and wrote her name , as beautiful as calligraphy .
tr	NNS	His mind , though , created excuses for not being able .
tr	NN	Didn 't Rory say some cost $ 35 ?
tr	NNS	" At least I don 't see any knives .
tr	NNS	" To romance novels ! "
tr	NN	" No , but we do have a rack , and a small wine chiller in the kitchen .
tr	NN	Her waxy features heightened the comparison .
tr	NNS	Ed pulled his cigarettes from his shirt pocket and then removed a piece of paper from inside the pack .
tr	NN	While you sat in council with us , pretending you were interested in peace , behind our backs you broke the Law and mocked our power .
tr	NNS	You 're totally not wearing sweats in public with me . "
tr	NNS	" You shouldn 't downplay your baking abilities . "
tr	NN	He shoved the jar on his pocket and dug another cigarette .
tr	NN	Words cannot convey my sincere admiration and gratitude .
tr	NNS	I heard loud crashes or something . "
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat .
tr	NN	And consequently , I didn 't get the impression that Hayes was new to my abilities or much of the information at all .
tr	NN	The first toad held a whip ; the second , a sword ; the third , a balance ; and the fourth , a measuring rod .
tr	NN	Gregori gave the mental equivalent of a shrug .
tr	NN	He 'd left his single shot rifle nearby when there was a crunching footstep from behind .
tr	NN	I 've got a casserole in the oven now .
tr	NNS	The mountains promised his three sons , two daughters , and handful of grandchildren priceless safety .
tr	NN	The deer ignored the peace offering and instead butted into my stomach again .
tr	NNS	Now I had visions of some kind of tribunal , with me in the spotlight .
tr	NN	She still didn 't know anybody here .
tr	NN	Now do me a favor and call 911 . "
tr	NNS	The next forty-eight hours will give us more data on which to base our prognosis . "
tr	NN	First Bryce heard a single snicker from somewhere out in the crowd .
tr	NNS	Tris and Christina get the explosives from Reggie and teach Caleb how to use them .
tr	NNS	Long enough to find a few good shipments to take to some of the company outposts I 'll be hitting later . "
tr	NN	I finished the cake and tea and said I had better get on with the job .
tr	NN	The next forty-eight hours would decide the fate of her father .
tr	NNS	He 's already made provisions for her in his will . "
tr	NNS	Cyril had stashed several oranges in several places .
tr	NN	As he turned , he felt a telltale tremble in the sandstone trusses of the span as someone 's feet pounded onto the bridge .
tr	NN	" I would not risk our green knight .
tr	NNS	I don 't like funerals , any funeral , even when I 'm there out of respect and don 't know the deceased .
tr	NN	He dipped the pen into the ink several times and wished for his smartphone .
tr	NNS	" You owe me five dollars plus interest . "
tr	NNS	The middle aged man lay resting in his bedchamber , a mere shadow of his former self .
tr	NNS	Case watched Scores respectfully , taking his cues from the expert in this venue .
tr	NN	Brandon showed no overt devotion to his wife , but it was inside him , burning and deep .
tr	NNS	By evening , Celeste had changed the terms of her agreement slightly .
tr	NNS	Angels don 't have hormones like men , so we shouldn 't be tempted . "
tr	NNS	The first order of business for the newcomers was getting their uniforms made up .
tr	NN	She did not need a jock in her life .
tr	NNS	" You have been sending me the photographs ? "
tr	NN	She set the parking brake .
tr	NN	" Think what you like , " I shrugged off his annoyance .
tr	NN	I have little enough privacy .
tr	NNS	Then the Noldor drew away their white ships and manned their oars as best they might , and rowed them north along the coast .
tr	NN	" We have an appointment with Ruth . "
tr	NN	He ignored the pang of guilt for stooping to threats , but he needed to protect his sister at all costs .
tr	NN	Smelling him while hearing his voice caused her resolve to deteriorate .
tr	NN	He felt his fists clench and closed his eyes to regain control over himself .
tr	NN	Inhaling the faint flower scent of Lindy 's perfume , he released a groan that came from deep within his chest .
tr	NN	His dark sensuality triggered a like hunger in her .
tr	NNS	I 've read the reports on him .
tr	NN	What had today 's intruder expected to find in Caroline 's workshop besides a bag of old clothes ?
tr	NN	I couldn 't reach the rope around my wrists so I searched the cell for something to cut it with .
tr	NNS	Found some dead citizens .
tr	NN	Argyll replied , a smirk on his face .
tr	NN	He snatched up a bouquet of roses , tossed a twenty to the half-asleep vendor , then traced to Daniela .
tr	NNS	" Fighter pilots have keen eyesight and fast reactions .
tr	NN	He started pacing on through the scrub .
tr	NN	I felt all the blood drain from my face and watched his eyes take in my sudden paleness .
tr	NN	She turned the package over and read the description on the back , then smiled .
tr	NN	He saved my butt so many times .
tr	NN	The masuk snarled a command , but the child 's crying rendered it inaudible .
tr	NN	They each filled a horn of wine and sampled the offered provisions while they got comfortable .
tr	NNS	The phrase sounded strangely innocuous in her gentle , faraway tone .
tr	NN	She must have some affinity to trees or wood in general .
tr	NN	I returned her glare as I gestured to the papers in my lap .
tr	NNS	It 's like handling bridge cables .
tr	NN	The bird continued feeding ... In one astonishingly quick and agile movement , the lad grabbed the stone and dispatched it towards the harmless creature .
tr	NN	I had a fish to catch .
tr	NN	He lowered the pup to the floor , and Chance bounded toward Connie , barking excitedly .
tr	NN	At first light , a light fog covered the Sabine River valley .
tr	NN	Her few friends always gave her grief that they didn 't think she could hold a rock 's attention with her off-putting demeanor .
tr	NNS	He brushed his palms on his sides and took hold of Justus ' hand with both of his , shaking it wildly .
tr	NN	" What reputation would that be , my dear ? "
tr	NNS	I start classes the day after tomorrow .
tr	NN	" Why would a spirit have email ? "
tr	NN	Vern dropped his cigarette butt into the bucket of sand that squats in the corner , and immediately stuck a fresh one in his kisser .
tr	NNS	Dante revs the engines again and it roars , then purrs quietly .
tr	NNS	The Colonel dispensed the cigarettes .
tr	NNS	" Leave them alone and maybe , " I replied , more than a little breathless at the prospect .
tr	NN	I suppress an impulse to laugh at this image of myself as dangerous .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs at the wolves .
tr	NN	We planted the package and the money . "
tr	NN	He 'd always thought the assumption that pregnancy would lead to marriage and then love was absurd .
tr	NNS	are , it is true , represented pictorially , and in Scriptural terms .
tr	NN	As soon as her feet touched the deck she launched a vicious head butt into the former Peer 's face .
tr	NN	" Don 't give me too much credit .
tr	NNS	" But I 've just got boy troubles . "
tr	NNS	Well , we have warm , shallow waters , so they gather here in the summer to give birth .
tr	NN	Instead , they had scared the crap out of her , talking about mysterious causes and blood pressure medications .
tr	NN	" I plead the fifth . "
tr	NNS	Likewise , he could have killed her companions , yet he spared them as well .
tr	NN	I released a frustrated growl .
tr	NNS	Trust me , she needs the coins now . "
tr	NN	You want true proof , Christian ?
tr	NN	After each failure , ask forgiveness , pick yourself up and try again .
tr	NN	Google earth wouldn 't even expose my location , thanks to the natural camouflage of gigantic tree cover and earth colors of the concrete shingled roof .
tr	NN	He pointed the pistol at her face .
tr	NNS	And one should always know the strengths and weaknesses of the allies they have surrounding them .
tr	NN	He inspected the empty teacup .
tr	NNS	Linking them in a way that would dissolve any doubts .
tr	NN	" When you 've finished that , start digging .
tr	NNS	After almost ten full minutes of all-out sparring , both men had bloody noses and bruised ribs .
tr	NNS	To show his extra bits in anger to horrify .
tr	NN	He gives my shoulder a reassuring squeeze .
tr	NNS	" I don 't take bribes , Bria .
tr	NN	He didn 't have a condom .
tr	NNS	Just for full disclosure , I am also taking two experimental drugs . "
tr	NN	She 'd gotten a short and shaggy haircut over the break .
tr	NNS	And he 's inadvertently broken a few hearts , but he didn 't mean to .
tr	NNS	" You ... you 're having nightmares or something .
tr	NNS	He tucked her breasts inside her dress , straightening her neck clasp .
tr	NNS	" Well , I haven 't had any better offers today .
tr	NNS	" It will drain our powers too quickly .
tr	NNS	The author has published four novels and four collections of poetry .
tr	NN	With one word , I would ratify the execution of my own child .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't think faeries liked shopping and buying stuff .
tr	NN	So I walked down the neighborhood to see if I would bump into Dean .
tr	NNS	He made jokes at my expense and I ignored him .
tr	NNS	I piled the ammo cans into three separate but equal stacks and placed the sheet metal on them .
tr	NN	He had proved his manhood , had shown no fear , and had come within two seconds of winning twenty bucks .
tr	NN	He held the rag tight so Dan wouldn 't be upset by the sight of the blood .
tr	NN	Go climb in bed and pick out a book .
tr	NN	As Dr. Warner prepared paddles , Dr. Stadler scanned the young patient 's belly with ultrasound .
tr	NNS	She loves dogs . "
tr	NNS	He put his precious supplies in the fridge in his bedroom and made sure to lock the outside door , using the new padlock .
tr	NN	I can smell her cunt .
tr	NN	Someone should have given her the option to choose who , or what , she spent her time with .
tr	NN	What would happen , who would get the throne ?
tr	NNS	" As soon as I can get these leathers on .
tr	NN	He does his own financing as well , so if your credit sucks , he can hook you up . "
tr	NN	A heavy touch , however , made the brain a permanent playground for madness .
tr	NN	" Not yet , but have patience in my process . "
tr	NNS	Something that might very well give her nightmares .
tr	NNS	She had new aspirations , and an opportunity she would not let slip .
tr	NN	He returned the clip to his weapon and set it beside his bed .
tr	NN	The goblins do not inherit their throne .
tr	NNS	I press the palms of my hands into my eye sockets .
tr	NN	" I put a towel in the bathroom for you .
tr	NNS	Two Praetorian Guards entered two paces , saluted and moved to either side of the doors .
tr	NN	But Roman had thrown down the verbal gauntlet .
tr	NNS	A couple of pieces , probably from Val , had food stains on them .
tr	NN	She likely did not notice this oddity of movement , however , as her gaze remained fixed on the hospital bed , and hence its ghoulish occupant .
tr	NN	He slowly trailed his knuckles down her neck and then his palms over her shoulders , her arms .
tr	NNS	West barked requests to ratings around him and they raced off in haste .
tr	NNS	" Should you call your folks ? "
tr	NNS	we hope both the good time , they would deserve both burdens happiness ! ) . "
tr	NNS	" Thirty-seven hundred dollars . "
tr	NN	Reaching out , she grabbed the hem of his shirt and tugged it over his head .
tr	NNS	Lena took long blinks with her eyes and nodded her head as Connor asked if she needed water .
tr	NN	She sized up the ambush potential .
tr	NN	" You 've got more chocolate on your mouth than ever .
tr	NN	For once , take my advice . "
tr	NNS	Overhead the storm clouds were gathering , a dark ominous portent of things to come .
tr	NNS	He untied the tapes that held her drawers closed and slid his hands inside them .
tr	NN	Because the next time we had an argument ... " She stopped .
tr	NNS	He liked disgustingly healthy foods and ate a plain chicken breast and broccoli when the rest of us snacked on hot dogs and potato chips .
tr	NN	Forte had the sensation that he was being watched by the drug dealer in the front seat .
tr	NN	He threw the hem of my shirt up so more of my bottom was exposed and gripped my hips .
tr	NNS	He would rather not use his newly acquired archangel powers , if he could help it .
tr	NNS	He could almost hear the wheels of her scheme grinding away .
tr	NN	And someone had stabbed a pen or something through her face . "
tr	NNS	He cured hides and used them for shelter and bedding .
tr	NN	" And if you pul a weapon on us again , I 'll blow your knee cap . "
tr	NNS	They won eleven to eight , and for the fifth year in a row Pappy had led the Baptists to defeat .
tr	NN	I opened up the fridge and it greeted me with its cold chill .
tr	NN	To her right was a plastic container of large fish , bass or trout , I don 't really know fish .
tr	NNS	I 'm happy at the school , helping students while I get past ... things . "
tr	NNS	" I 'm glad you 're here , " she said a little breathless .
tr	NN	A human being could commit the latter easily , but would find difficulty in doing the former .
tr	NNS	" I scouted the various halls and took note of all the entrances .
tr	NN	" Pop the lid on that and let me have a swig .
tr	NNS	Her eyes were skating over the trappings and decor of this castle , which had been her home for ten years .
tr	NNS	Jagged yet graceful his movements , lips seductive , voice full of carefully modulated pain .
tr	NNS	You just lost all visiting rights and consider this notice that I am no longer paying your rent .
tr	NN	I didn 't drop my pencil for a moment .
tr	NN	" You want butter ? "
tr	NN	I 've noticed their rife increasing since her daughter married . "
tr	NN	She has been playing tennis since her father gave her a racket .
tr	NNS	He knew figures off the top of his head and challenged everything she suggested .
tr	NN	He hoists his crossbow with one arm and points it right in front of my good eye .
tr	NN	She held a pencil instead of a hairpin .
tr	NNS	" Only you would have multiple high-level contracts out on you , Hollis . "
tr	NN	The old man held out a fountain pen in his hand , proffering it to Thomas .
tr	NNS	You could see his biceps bulging underneath that thin little suit .
tr	NN	He handed Rachel the other crossbow .
tr	NNS	" I have exactly 10,000 business cards printed on a thick , cotton paper with a distinctive watermark . "
tr	NNS	" I take back my apologies ! "
tr	NNS	Several students stood around the entrance , a few of them taking drags off cigarettes or something stronger when they thought no one was looking .
tr	NNS	He would meet their conditions and bring them in secretly , without consulting with anyone else .
tr	NN	I did not refute this claim .
tr	NNS	How many hearts will he break ?
tr	NNS	You Spacers always ignore robots .
tr	NN	Only the easy amusement sparkling in his green eyes softened that impression .
tr	NNS	The menu offered four or five varieties of hamburger , in addition to sandwiches and a wide range of ice-cream desserts .
tr	NN	A tall , lanky elf with long hair and dark clothes slid a tankard over to her .
tr	NN	Killing me won 't stop the flood even now washing against the gates of your castle . "
tr	NN	With judicious use of our limited supplies , we employed twine , vines , and resin to fix the logs in place .
tr	NN	Should he be the victor , he will take possession of all your lands and holdings , both here and in Italy .
tr	NNS	You don 't get any points for being adorable .
tr	NNS	Do not show yourselves . "
tr	NN	" So you gained his undying loyalty because you rescued him from six attackers ? "
tr	NN	" We really don 't have any other option . "
tr	NNS	I notice a few more gray hairs at his temples than last I 'd seen .
tr	NN	I gave a shout of surprise and buried my hands deeper into his feathers , trying to swallow everything in my stomach threatening to come up .
tr	NNS	She found coins , jewelry , household items , plumbing , and even a few weapons that looked eerily like modern bomb casings .
tr	NNS	He walks along the shelves on the right side of the room , running his fingers over the book spines .
tr	NN	Downstairs , I set the pillow on one side of the couch and the blanket on the other and tossed the book in the center .
tr	NNS	To attract ships and lead them to the Disc . "
tr	NNS	Willow began pricing cans of delicacies .
tr	NNS	He had the delivery routes I needed and Hector Christophe came in and mess everything up .
tr	NNS	Feed the bacteria into the system .
tr	NNS	My God , Karen , the kid had enough drugs in there to get him on intent to sell .
tr	NN	' From the old master whose name we do not utter , she received the echo of immortality .
tr	NNS	From the backseat , David gave directions to the apartment .
tr	NN	But she sent up a silent prayer that her mom agreed to it .
tr	NNS	His vest had some markings on it , similar in type to what Doc had put on his chest .
tr	NNS	Jeremy handed Heather the reins , saying , " You drive and I 'll see if I can lighten the load . "
tr	NNS	Not like this , not like this , I prayed fervently .
tr	NNS	Maybe we should check out the other sites , just in case ? "
tr	NNS	At least her coven was stepping up to the plate , witches motivating like crazy .
tr	NNS	He throws down his cards .
tr	NNS	Complex bindings held his sandals in place and were partly hidden beneath his metal shin guards .
tr	NNS	Was he overestimating his abilities ?
tr	NN	" I was thinking justice of the peace . "
tr	NN	When we were almost up to the castle my ears picked up the tremble in the ground of galloping horses .
tr	NNS	" She wouldn 't have left the cubs alone .
tr	NNS	He looked all ribs , elbows , and knees , but she took no chances , centering her pistol on his bare chest .
tr	NNS	They had the family snakes out in big tubs of water and were carefully scrubbing them down .
tr	NNS	Maybe the gods heard the prayers of the wealthy better because they were closer to the sky ?
tr	NN	On the last rep , he feigned fatigue and struggled with the bar only halfway back up .
tr	NN	I must have inherited the talent through my mother .
tr	NNS	Clay ditched his drinking pals .
tr	NN	He found a corkscrew , opened the bottle and poured himself a pale glass of wine .
tr	NN	I could feel joy running through my body and goose bumps rising on my arms and legs .
tr	NN	Amanda let out a low moan and sat down on the bed next to McKenna .
tr	NN	So let 's not start that crap again . "
tr	NN	" Aren 't family get-togethers a joy ? "
tr	NN	" I learned my lesson all right .
tr	NN	Perrin has been using Two Rivers folk ? "
tr	NN	Breedlove picked up a large vase on the window sill and smashed it on the floor , followed by several decorative ceramic plates .
tr	NN	But I got an email from Reece this morning .
tr	NNS	The knuckles on one hand had numbers that read 1990 .
tr	NNS	" She just left the verse numbers , " he said , glancing at me , " so I don 't even know what the scriptures say .
tr	NN	I had imagined your involvement and that of Quest would have finished now that the picture has been recovered . '
tr	NN	He had a patch over his left eye , which was probably just as well since his other eye alone seemed to peer straight through me .
tr	NNS	Not that I 'd had any doubts , but Jeff Christopher was a marvel .
tr	NN	Eventually , though , she would do her duty .
tr	NN	Suddenly he heard the echo of footfalls against his marble floors .
tr	NN	Richard scanned the wreckage for a moment , then found Sophia 's body , which had become exposed by daylight , beneath a metal beam .
tr	NNS	I saw brightness around him .
tr	NN	They 'd keep digging . "
tr	NNS	Her chef still comes fer supplies , an ' he ain 't said anythin ' about her bein ' unwell . "
tr	NN	" Do you have a condom , or should I go get one ? "
tr	NN	" What dangers are there out here ? "
tr	NNS	" Damn drugs . "
tr	NNS	Half of them didn 't even have their coats buttoned all the way .
tr	NNS	Meaning , the central street of the town holds houses and behind each house sits a large field for farming .
tr	NNS	But that little bit hadn 't dulled Wallis and he was almost as quick as ever .
tr	NN	What better way to ensure custody of your kid than to marry the mother ?
tr	NN	To the horror of everyone looking on he took a shovel and began digging at the earth like a butcher gutting an animal .
tr	NN	Like his father before him , he would carry a rifle and see death .
tr	NNS	None had left an aching emptiness when they were gone .
tr	NN	" I mean properly , " I clarified my meaning , but I was sure they understood that from the beginning .
tr	NN	She grabbed a small bed pillow and held it tightly to her chest .
tr	NN	Get your butt up !
tr	NN	He 'd laid his briefcase on his desk and had the phone in his hand .
tr	NN	Instead , she experienced an unmistakable reluctance to give up her hope of seeing Mark again .
tr	NN	They are giving me a nickname .
tr	NN	Eventually , the crime scene technicians completed the tedious task of cataloguing and itemizing every detail .
tr	NNS	I felt dizzy , then found myself emerging from molecular transport into some dark place .
tr	NNS	Jehovah has many titles , and one of them is Protector .
tr	NNS	In the mound , they mostly used the old coins and plates to reflect candlelight and give the place a nice glow .
tr	NN	" I just don 't see the attraction . "
tr	NN	Suddenly there came an uproar from outside .
tr	NNS	He just picks up little bits and pieces of what I say .
tr	NN	" You get the full treatment .
tr	NNS	He even took me to my new school and walked me up and down the hallways .
tr	NNS	" Well , they 've got the skills and the know how .
tr	NNS	I had fixed our plates from all the leftovers she 'd brought home and listened to her tell me about her evening .
tr	NNS	Cadmus stated with frustration , " I will honor your preventive measures , but please hurry if possible .
tr	NN	We hike up and down the massive hill that separates my street from the park .
tr	NN	" I won 't accept responsibility for his death in the prison though .
tr	NNS	Now that I think about it , I do recall your objections to certain aspects of the wedding .
tr	NNS	Or should I say swims in ? "
tr	NN	And could you return the beautiful puppet to me next time you come into the city ? " " '
tr	NNS	In the common room , the same men were still quietly playing cards .
tr	NN	She put the cap back on the container and shoved it into her pack .
tr	NNS	Her mother wiped the markings away with the rough back of a sponge .
tr	NNS	The humans would be like sitting ducks there .
tr	NNS	Emma placed her palms against the smooth white walls .
tr	NNS	The Chinese and Polish moderate groups had forged closer ties and their banners were to reflect the name Enigma .
tr	NN	I hadn 't had a bath or a change of clothes and I didn 't have time to do anything about it now .
tr	NNS	If it hadn 't been caught the body could easily have turned up many miles downstream .
tr	NN	" I was just making an observation . "
tr	NN	Clapping his hand over my shoulder , he gave it a squeeze .
tr	NN	Just simply press the buzzer , " stated the nurse as she walked towards the door with thermometer in hand .
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to bare her teeth back .
tr	NNS	Moisture dampened her thighs and sent an electrical current spiraling through her body .
tr	NNS	They don 't have meetings , pass messages or recruit .
tr	NN	" Digital audio recording on three separate hard discs , plus two analog tapes as backup .
tr	NNS	My mind had been playing tricks on me , creating a mirage of a beach , a mirage of freedom .
tr	NN	I had a responsibility to my brothers and to my family .
tr	NNS	I pulled the covers up to my chin .
tr	NNS	The driver nodded , cracked his reins , and Ernest watched them pull away and head for Princess Street .
tr	NN	They were all back on flying status and up to speed when captivity could have screwed with their heads for life .
tr	NNS	" Lysander , " she said , voice husky from her rest .
tr	NN	Carrie had the sensation that something was troubling him , but now wasn 't the time to ask .
tr	NN	I restrain a snicker from my vivid imagination , being in better humor , now .
tr	NNS	I said no students .
tr	NNS	" Emma 's having some issues . "
tr	NNS	I 've heard bits of what life has been like for everyone , but not enough I could answer any questions if anyone asked . "
tr	NN	Someone who spoke her language ?
tr	NNS	He picked up the remains of the tee .
tr	NN	It has little effect , except a possible inhibitory effect , on our behavior .
tr	NNS	Even as he said it , he was pushing more pressure points .
tr	NN	I only got a little dizzy .
tr	NNS	His eyes threw daggers .
tr	NNS	The slave catchers have dogs that would 've found them in short order .
tr	NNS	She didn 't do drugs .
tr	NN	Dee threw a handful of popcorn at her .
tr	NNS	" This place gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	Deckard had underestimated the serpent 's abilities to inflict fear and distraction .
tr	NN	It was like stepping off a spaceship , or perhaps it was like walking into one .
tr	NN	He walked up the ramp and found the security camera 's lens .
tr	NNS	" I don 't do diapers . "
tr	NN	Gia considered the possibility .
tr	NN	Mairi didn 't bother answering , being used to Velvet 's rather twisted sense of humor .
tr	NN	" Yea , and now you win the cruise to Jamaica .
tr	NN	I trudged down the elaborate staircase and once I was at the bottom , I stared at the nak * d woman statue for several seconds .
tr	NNS	Below , Serena streamlines her fins , preparing to jump .
tr	NNS	" I haven 't heard so many complaints about wayward husbands as I 'm hearing now !
tr	NN	I 've known the owner for years and he 's always taken pride in his secret recipe for frying the rings . "
tr	NNS	Marcus ' father had three sisters and one brother .
tr	NNS	Chad pulled zip ties out of his back pocket and they bound the men 's hands behind their backs .
tr	NN	But she gave me one star that isn 't in the vase .
tr	NN	Daniel pulled out a pencil and paper from the inside of his cloak .
tr	NN	She hadn 't had a relaxing bath in a very long time .
tr	NN	It made my stomach twist when I thought about Ryder .
tr	NNS	Some warlocks could hide their marks under their clothes , but Jocelyn could look at as much of Tessa as she wished and never find a mark .
tr	NN	Saber had the sudden urge to laugh .
tr	NN	Juliette ignored the implication .
tr	NNS	" Should I call the paramedics ? "
tr	NN	I pick up a hand towel off the bar and throw it at him .
tr	NNS	I have nightmares , little red hair .
tr	NNS	Still , he had his wits and knew that even with so little money he might still manage some sort of meal .
tr	NN	The guard ignored the charade and walked away .
tr	NNS	Percival padded his pockets , looking for his cell phone .
tr	NNS	If students chose not to learn , then professors will fail those students .
tr	NNS	" you could also do three teams , the launch team and two spotters .
tr	NN	This pre-order campaign gives us leverage .
tr	NNS	She wore black stockings and high heels .
tr	NN	I give you credit for sticking your neck out but , then , you don 't have all that much to lose , do you ?
tr	NNS	You will also breed new Shifters for us .
tr	NNS	" But even superheroes need good folks at their backs .
tr	NN	He took this task on and his family approved it .
tr	NNS	" We heard some loud noises . "
tr	NNS	By way of reminder I don 't accept any excuses for delay .
tr	NNS	" She couldn 't stand chemicals .
tr	NN	The heat of his body was wreaking havoc on mine .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon .
tr	NN	You promised Stalker you 'd see this through .
tr	NNS	He 's failed classes so many times that it could be considered illegal for him to even show up at school , but no one says anything .
tr	NNS	I blink my eyelashes with wet tears .
tr	NN	He dodged the horn before it impaled him .
tr	NNS	" We need reinforcements !
tr	NN	Frozen in place , she felt his fingers whisk past her cheek .
tr	NNS	You and the other doctors there .
tr	NNS	" No facilities ! "
tr	NNS	Doctors kill patients because their hands slip .
tr	NN	She had a reputation at work for thinking fast on her feet and being good in a crisis .
tr	NNS	" I do have some leads , or at least I 've succeeded in crossing out some dead-end possibilities . "
tr	NNS	There were matching cups .
tr	NN	" Want some brew ? "
tr	NN	She looked sheepish as she answered , ' I used the internet , of course . '
tr	NNS	They ordered hamburgers and french fries and sodas and talked nonstop for two hours .
tr	NN	He picked up a menu .
tr	NNS	Maybe Joanie had her shortcomings , but he didn 't think anyone deserved to be married to Vince .
tr	NNS	How could they possibly have any ties to the ones out back ? "
tr	NN	I put a patch on the situation anyway . "
tr	NNS	" Any responses ? "
tr	NN	I can only imagine what manner of torture he is being put through while he guards us and the Seminary .
tr	NN	As I walked down the stairs , I had the distinct sensation that I was watching someone else .
tr	NN	Preston let the disgust he felt every time he thought of Emma 's burn show on his face .
tr	NN	Hell , I 've never had any pure intent with Skyla .
tr	NNS	The scent , yes , catch the scent , my dear , my darling newborn woman , and closing his eyes , he staggered backwards .
tr	NNS	The movement pushed her breasts up and made Tuck 's mouth water .
tr	NNS	" Did you do something Eris ? "
tr	NNS	His eyes roamed over her breasts and stomach before finally landing on her sex , which was still glistening with the orgasm he 'd given her .
tr	NNS	Later that night , at the after-party , Timmy told Bugs what he had seen .
tr	NNS	He called together his squad leaders for a quick conference .
tr	NN	He fought the downtown traffic and managed to glance in the mirror for one last look at the Cleveland skyline .
tr	NNS	His lips stopped inches from hers , and his breath rushed warmly against her mouth .
tr	NNS	We were lying in our swimming suits on the sundeck , cold drinks at hand .
tr	NN	He wanted a celebration for her , a moment in her life that transcended every traumatic event .
tr	NNS	Coming into a corridor , she found thirteen Girls in Red standing over a sprawled mass of tentacles .
tr	NN	" With a bionic leap or something ? "
tr	NN	She added a squeeze of her favorite cologne and inspected herself in the mirror .
tr	NNS	We 'd learned all their tricks .
tr	NNS	I received many sympathy cards from friends and family , and they were all deeply appreciated during that very dark time .
tr	NNS	She set the apples beside the drinks and the clerk added two Styrofoam tubs of chili and waxed paper packages of corn bread .
tr	NNS	I 'll make contacts with some savings and loan companies and some real estate brokers . "
tr	NNS	He keeps tabs on them and makes sure no one gets involved in drugs or is lured into gang activities .
tr	NN	His jibe crushed her resistance .
tr	NN	I reviewed the telemetry data , and we were within fifty feet of the planned altitude and only a tenth of a Mach under speed . "
tr	NNS	You made two pies , after all .
tr	NN	" Man , I 'd give up my favorite rifle for a chance with her . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't need super senses to hear the leashed fury in his voice , or to guess the reason behind it .
tr	NN	Her hand clutched his soft shirt , but other than a small , ' oh , ' she didn 't offer a single protest .
tr	NNS	Most units locked up their buildings , put everyone on extended leave , and went home , wherever that was . "
tr	NN	The idea of having a baby with Carlo made her stomach clench .
tr	NNS	Her arms have track marks , so she was likely a junkie at some point .
tr	NNS	She spotted two silhouettes moving , two people .
tr	NN	She waited a handful of heartbeats , but Amira did not say anything .
tr	NN	" Okay , I 'm sorry , I must of got the wrong impression . "
tr	NNS	Yes , I had mad psychic skills , but could I always trust them on a moment 's notice ?
tr	NN	At the moment the young man stood stiffly , hands behind his back , staring at a spinning map of the globe .
tr	NNS	I do have office supplies in my desk if you 'd like to see them . "
tr	NN	Alejo resisted the urge to sink back down onto the bed , depressed .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any copy cats muddying the waters . "
tr	NN	As if the actual links aren 't beautiful and elaborate enough , one end of the chain sports a cascade of clear stones .
tr	NNS	I 've got centuries on you .
tr	NNS	A yawn the size of Texas cracked my jaws .
tr	NN	Frail , wrinkled fingers touched the backside of Helen 's hand and fiddled with the watch surrounding her wrist .
tr	NNS	" Lissa has talents that the rest of us lack . "
tr	NN	Shut the fuck up .
tr	NN	" If you doubt my charm , perhaps I could give you a demonstration . "
tr	NN	" I do not know Mage Gabriel 's location , but Aisling may have remembered something since last we spoke .
tr	NNS	With sharpened branches , they stabbed African bush babies out of holes in trunks .
tr	NNS	It has your fingerprints all over it . "
tr	NN	I take my wheelbarrow out back to dump , and on the way into the barn , I can hear Griffin talking to Karen .
tr	NN	You made a pact with a human and her child turned out to be a healer .
tr	NNS	" Could he use his powers to dig an escape tunnel ? "
tr	NN	Like I said , I mean no harm here , and we do share an enemy that will soon gain power if we let her . "
tr	NN	He gave no argument , becoming a flash of color that darted past my eyes and out the door .
tr	NNS	It has three beats .
tr	NNS	" No , Connor , just give our apologies and have a nice time . "
tr	NNS	Tim and Matt returned the helmets to the counter , while Jason went to the parking lot and claimed his bicycle from the rack .
tr	NN	Jane drove the wagon confidently with Lord Lodge and Maddie sitting on the bench beside her .
tr	NNS	I take several deep breaths before I knock , three distinct raps against the door .
tr	NNS	But it definitely had its areas , and I was one to soon find that out .
tr	NN	Tasha considered the guard shack and decided it would definitely be warmer in there than outside .
tr	NNS	How I handled your loneliness .
tr	NN	John palmed a fork from the table as a cold metal chain whipped across his throat .
tr	NN	He picked up the file , opened it and the silence quickly fell again as he browsed through the contents .
tr	NNS	' Now , don 't put up a fight , please , it releases unpleasant chemicals into the bloodstream . '
tr	NNS	She had two bodyguards who restrained the most aggressive men trying to push against the woman , to touch her , to be part of her body .
tr	NN	She 'd even murmured a caution to Eve to get as low as she could .
tr	NNS	Use condoms and all that . '
tr	NNS	He 'd almost lost Jessica that night when their hands had slipped apart and she 'd fallen to the ground .
tr	NNS	Everyone in this room is carrying such heavy burdens .
tr	NN	' Why should a Russian spy own a Turner painting ? '
tr	NN	She fought off the trance , keeping her mind focused on her goal , not the repetitive motions of her body .
tr	NNS	Farmers to sow crops and raise livestock .
tr	NN	The surrounding darkness looked even blacker now .
tr	NNS	They fixed their clubs and bows so they would not be in their way .
tr	NN	Thrills ran through me , both at the suggestion and the way his hand slid up my hip and played with the edge of my shirt .
tr	NN	Grayson touched the cover in the space between Brian Hall and Jake Hall , then swept his fingertip down the page .
tr	NNS	I felt my insides turning to stone , my heart slowing , my breath taking longer and longer to go into my lungs and out .
tr	NN	The visibly angered man halted his advance when she leveled her aim at him .
tr	NN	They ate a steak with potatoes and vegetables and a dark , creamy sauce .
tr	NN	" These armies ... the siege ... they 're just tests .
tr	NN	" It 's not an actual horse , it represents a knight . "
tr	NN	" He pushed Miranda , " Perry said , fury in his tone .
tr	NN	Rika sneaked a peek at him .
tr	NN	" Of course you must give chase .
tr	NN	But there was more to his expression , I sensed a hidden agenda disguised behind an unattractive attempt at a smile .
tr	NN	And the morning after one of the most traumatic nights of my life also probably terrible timing .
tr	NNS	Dried peas , taters , carrots , sausage , bacon , salted pork and other necessities filled their stores .
tr	NNS	He spread her thighs and surged over her and with one , fierce , beautiful , fluid movement he filled her .
tr	NN	He said this triumphantly .
tr	NN	Lee assessed Jill 's uniform in a dismissive up-and-down sweep .
tr	NNS	Ruth pulled down the covers and sat on the edge of the bed .
tr	NN	Don 't give me a hard time babe . '
tr	NNS	As I think , I can remember bits and pieces of things .
tr	NN	I stretched out a fake yawn , hoping that my acting skills were good enough to convince Georgia .
tr	NNS	Rattling off the unfamiliar names of the ingredients , Clay read the labels and Gumshoe updated his notes .
tr	NN	Detective Constable Roger Right walked along the shoreline to meet the two men approaching .
tr	NNS	She flipped the covers off her body .
tr	NNS	Nip gave Jack a thumbs up .
tr	NN	Helen laughed , genuine humor for the first time today .
tr	NNS	" Then again , I do feel dizzy . "
tr	NNS	Buying the other products again would cost more than two hundred dollars .
tr	NN	He studied the menu and looked up at the waiter .
tr	NN	Got a big bull on the port side ! "
tr	NN	He told another clerk to take over , and then went to the back door .
tr	NN	But , those who are , I give them their due respect and title . "
tr	NNS	Daniel reached deep into his pants pockets .
tr	NN	" Yeah , but apparently you have the problem Subject # 30 . "
tr	NNS	They found human figures sculpted from clay .
tr	NN	Neither of them was having much success .
tr	NNS	Then they bought supplies for the trip .
tr	NN	" I don 't have a condom . "
tr	NN	He drove a block , turned a corner , and engaged the autopilot .
tr	NNS	She wiggles her thumbs under the waistband and shimmies her hips back and forth .
tr	NNS	" I 've gotten reports that a lot of the kingpins on some of those worlds have met with an untimely demise . "
tr	NNS	Why , he could even see the blood vessels beneath her skin !
tr	NNS	In truth , he 'd made a lot more trips to Myrtle Beach in the last year than had really been necessary .
tr	NN	All I had to do was show my ID .
tr	NNS	Me appearing panicked and harried would fit in perfectly with my persona .
tr	NNS	What other bits of useful information could she share ?
tr	NN	Jones was lugging around the briefcase Eve had come to dread .
tr	NNS	With a shrug she plopped the four plates down on the table and walked away without saying a word .
tr	NN	Rhiannon readied her speech .
tr	NN	" Will do doc , thanks . "
tr	NNS	The naturalists were reintroducing wolves to the park , weren 't they ?
tr	NNS	Now , its reach barely exceeded the workshop confines .
tr	NNS	The woman replenished both their cups and left .
tr	NNS	I 've set explosives on a building knowing that as soon as I pushed the button everyone inside was going to be blown to hell .
tr	NNS	" If the others come , you being in here already will explain the candles being lit . "
tr	NN	The electrolysis separated the hydrogen and oxygen from each other .
tr	NN	He didn 't take the cylinder .
tr	NN	As I began to get back into busy mode , I caught a glimpse of Trenton leading the girl outside by the hand .
tr	NNS	Noah had always followed his instincts , whether with family or friends or business .
tr	NNS	" An ' what needs doing first is getting supplies in so we can eat decent for the first time since you arrived . "
tr	NN	Finding an administrative assistant who could schedule and bill supernatural appointments wasn 't that easy .
tr	NN	Hiding in the shadows left his joints ache from the hours of staying still , and the constant fear of discovery left his nerves broken .
tr	NN	Carefully , I hand Anthony the pistol , fling my glasses and ear guards into the dirt , and sprint up to the target .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't believe his senses , couldn 't believe his eyes , couldn 't believe the incessantly beeping device that told him she wasn 't dead .
tr	NN	Its peak obscured the entire desert beyond .
tr	NN	" To Deep status ? "
tr	NN	Anyone that can domesticate Sean Ferro deserves a statue and a holiday named after them . "
tr	NNS	You braved great dangers , for what purpose I know not , but this helm was one of your rewards . '
tr	NNS	During those exhausting months while they worked away at Threshold , my nights were all stifling nightmares .
tr	NN	Not to mention her little scheme to get him in the water today .
tr	NNS	The furnishings include three mattresses , one of which they had to scrounge themselves and a few wooden orange crates .
tr	NNS	He put his doubts aside for the time being .
tr	NNS	I largely ignored those petty restrictions and actually began to enjoy the business of creeping about in search of food or whatever else might fall to hand .
tr	NN	When asked about the name of the new baby boy , Sherry and Dallas told the nurse he would be called Shawn .
tr	NN	" Nobody trusts anybody these days .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the scene of a crime spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	" I hate delays . "
tr	NNS	She pulled out a few chairs around the small kitchen table .
tr	NN	He was actually considering Phoebe 's proposal .
tr	NN	Through the shock , through the horror and fear , she felt the resolve .
tr	NNS	You can find original covers and ancient copies .
tr	NNS	Without looking at her sister she pulled the covers over her body and put her head down .
tr	NNS	They threw spears at it and shot arrows in its direction , but the monster 's scaly hide deflected all assaults .
tr	NNS	I was drumming my thumbs nervously on my thighs .
tr	NN	My assailant picks up the crossbow and backs away a few steps .
tr	NNS	That pain boosted his powers as he cried out and rage took hold of him .
tr	NNS	" I don 't like funerals .
tr	NNS	Someone who did not judge her upon who she was , or care if she possessed unblemished bloodlines .
tr	NN	Vast green fields flank us -- the most fertile farmland on earth .
tr	NN	A few minutes after sensing them , I catch my first glimpse of the car .
tr	NN	I gave her a big squeeze .
tr	NN	Daniel had no option .
tr	NN	I carry a seed of darkness , even with Destiny as my anchor , and the toxins sense it and feed as if in a frenzy . "
tr	NNS	The interior of the house still carried the scents of the generations that had come and gone .
tr	NN	I sat unmoving , except for drumming my fingers on the table ... yeah , I could already tell that sleep would not come easy tonight .
tr	NNS	He had no inhibitions .
tr	NN	A knock at the door broke our staring contest and I went to open the door , grateful for the interruption .
tr	NNS	We killed the motors to prevent misdirected navigation .
tr	NN	She got cancer . "
tr	NN	But as I mulled it over , I could not deny its logic and the facts before me .
tr	NN	The heavy weight of him moving so feverishly between her thighs renewed the ache within her .
tr	NNS	Then fifty bucks for a new dress or one hundred to pay the electric bill .
tr	NNS	The strong musky scent that was pure Neil invaded her senses .
tr	NNS	He heard the rapid footfalls on the steps .
tr	NNS	For the first time , he could understand his brother 's issues with his wife running the place alone , always distracted by one thing or another .
tr	NN	Judging by a radio , a water jug and a cast-off sweatshirt , someone used the equipment on a regular basis .
tr	NNS	With the IV in your arm we can administer drugs immediately in case of anything sudden , like a seizure .
tr	NNS	' All in good time , ' said Legolas .
tr	NN	" Burn the jaguar I killed .
tr	NNS	" When I come for you , tomorrow night , wear something feminine . "
tr	NN	She lifted her saddle and threw it on Snow .
tr	NNS	He wiped crumbs from Laura 's dress .
tr	NNS	I have more chances of explaining to galactic chickens the cycle of stars then to make you understand the subtleties of time travel " " Oooh !
tr	NNS	Can you make our apologies for your cousin at school , please , Gwyneth ? "
tr	NNS	I pick up the recipe cards and start re-organizing them back into piles .
tr	NN	I wouldn 't suggest email . "
tr	NN	Strolling with Lexie as she explored FAO Schwarz the next day , he still had trouble answering that question .
tr	NN	He 'd been disgusted and disheartened , convinced women didn 't know the meaning of the word faithful .
tr	NN	The thought instantly brought vomit to my throat ; not able to hold it , I ran to the toilet .
tr	NNS	" He found your coins . "
tr	NN	Added weight tightened the noose .
tr	NN	" And we are leaving the transport marker here ? "
tr	NNS	Brock examined the crates and found a few more candles , which he promptly set ablaze .
tr	NN	" The glasses translate written language , and display it on the lenses .
tr	NNS	Surprised , Chance caught the reins , grinning when Adam swiveled toward him with a bright wink then shifted his attention forward again .
tr	NN	I heard a sharp intake of breath , and glanced over at him .
tr	NN	She hadn 't caught a glimpse of him since he left the field .
tr	NN	Fearing she was going to lose Ruby completely , Jo offered the candy jar again .
tr	NN	Manfred , who had turned to Fiji , saw all the color drain from her face and then flood back .
tr	NNS	She must have heard the goings on , who couldn 't .
tr	NNS	As we moved through the musty and rank smelling passageway , I noticed greasy marks on both sides .
tr	NNS	I feel ... grief .
tr	NN	Bat , to Maia 's surprise and amusement , cracked his knuckles loudly in the silence .
tr	NNS	She put down her cards .
tr	NN	He smelled the sweetness before he saw the blood .
tr	NNS	" I hate Hand . "
tr	NNS	' Very good wheels .
tr	NN	Thelma straightened her apron .
tr	NNS	A chill feathered her senses .
tr	NN	He has also , somehow , regained favor with the Caesar and has been in regular contact with many of the other Titans . "
tr	NN	You need a dishwasher .
tr	NN	The hunter picked up a pen and drew a black mark against the location for me .
tr	NN	Walking through that would break the bubble and end our conversation when I needed so much more info .
tr	NN	The firehouse had fresh paint , the only building to have such in the whole town .
tr	NNS	The council wants reports and all that stuff .
tr	NN	He slid his gaze absently on her and then over the door .
tr	NN	But we 're talking a much larger scale .
tr	NNS	I told my priests that I was leaving .
tr	NNS	Nina put the machine suits , armories and logistics on all three battleships while the submarine followed .
tr	NNS	I certainly liked his tastes better than the stuffy , overdone opulence of the rest of the house .
tr	NN	She continued pacing around the front of the room .
tr	NNS	Your new client owns a zillion auto shops .
tr	NNS	Not that an army would make effective reinforcements .
tr	NN	" I 'm not choosing anybody . "
tr	NN	Ever heard of a thing called forgiveness ? "
tr	NNS	The air around Mason and the other guard went palpably tense , both males waiting for the situation to either explode or dissolve .
tr	NN	Sometime ahead , I pass the Smith 's remembrance shrine near the site of the accident and I once again wonder if I should drop this habit .
tr	NNS	But these guys have family ties that go way , way back .
tr	NNS	The more I struggled , the more I imagined my tendons ripping .
tr	NNS	" These will protect your more vulnerable points .
tr	NNS	" I was not baring my fangs . "
tr	NN	She lifted the price tag .
tr	NN	" Now get your bony butt down here before I come up there and knock you down .
tr	NN	For the most part , Helen overlooked her father 's solitude and other negative methods of coping .
tr	NN	You have the element of surprise if you don 't botch that somehow .
tr	NN	She kissed his temple and then released him when a knock sounded at the door .
tr	NNS	" I cannot rob Maximus ; you will be on active duty . "
tr	NNS	Why is he visiting Shifters ? "
tr	NN	He set his napkin aside and walked over to Rebecca , who 'd risen as well , and offered her his arm .
tr	NNS	" Animals have keener senses .
tr	NNS	She was watching the wipers as they went back and forth , fearing the condition she was going to find her mother in .
tr	NNS	All though it wasn 't very long , it tickled his temples and made him feel itchy .
tr	NNS	" I hate coffee shops . "
tr	NN	Jake stopped pacing to look at Alethea .
tr	NNS	Maybe Jael has endless reserves , thanks to his Bred heritage .
tr	NNS	Reporters raised their cameras to get a shot of the new arrivals , just in case they turned out to be important figures in the kidnapping .
tr	NNS	" It 's got its pros and cons .
tr	NNS	She rearranged the cleaning supplies in the closet , and then she closed the door with a satisfied grunt .
tr	NN	Steamed air escaped the package , giving my hands a breath of sickly warmth .
tr	NNS	The large sum of money would do wonders for her precarious finances while she set up her psychic investigation business .
tr	NN	Please ignore my proposal . "
tr	NNS	Chapter Twenty-One Will examined his surroundings for the tenth time .
tr	NNS	He had modified some Overland jokes for her .
tr	NNS	" Lissa , the authorities don 't have any leads .
tr	NNS	She wore a sleeveless yellow sundress that had a few ruffles around the bottom and a pair of matching yellow sandals .
tr	NNS	Or an added torment , depending on how he looked at it .
tr	NN	Maybe I just hadn 't regained consciousness yet .
tr	NN	Liz absorbed the quiet serenity generously offered by the late hour .
tr	NN	I glimpsed the backseat through the rearview mirror .
tr	NN	A chill comes down my spine .
tr	NN	Jack noticed my skepticism .
tr	NNS	He searched the waters around the raft .
tr	NNS	Could they have been harboring motivations that endured within the rivaling and not often amalgamated temporal planes of history ?
tr	NNS	" But they 've already had six million dollars .
tr	NN	I felt a smirk pulling at the corner of my mouth .
tr	NN	The wet clothing left a puddle of water at the bottom of an already damp floor .
tr	NNS	How do you manipulate elements ? "
tr	NNS	We have some errands to run .
tr	NN	The one who yelled pulls a dagger from his belt with a very strange curved blade , an even stranger looking handle and is heading toward Cassandra .
tr	NN	After my sire was murdered , lovers gave me the protection other vampires took for granted .
tr	NNS	We have a few more sites to locate .
tr	NN	She bought the CD for Philip 's photograph on the back of the case .
tr	NNS	We could trade confessions that no one should ever have to make .
tr	NN	Nonetheless , she left quite an impression on him during their first encounter .
tr	NN	So here she was , on her one free day of the week , wearing an old swimsuit , a cheap hat and sunglasses .
tr	NN	" Save your precious pity . "
tr	NNS	So you can smoke cigarettes and watch trains go by ? '
tr	NNS	Chapter 8 Willow brought home strawberries and made a shortcake .
tr	NNS	I maneuver the crowds as fast as I can .
tr	NN	" Yeah , well I filed her bankruptcy today but I didn 't have time to call the bank and advise them about it .
tr	NNS	He took his thumbs and wiped them away .
tr	NNS	Immortality had its benefits .
tr	NN	" I could go pizza for lunch .
tr	NNS	She continued her caress , smoothing her fingers down my cheek , across my jaw , and touching the center of my lips .
tr	NNS	I grab the knobs and start moving my wooden men to hit the bal .
tr	NN	The yelling voice had an echo as though it was coming from inside a sports stadium .
tr	NNS	The ship stretched several city blocks , and there were more circular portholes on each level than she could count .
tr	NNS	Clay heard no roaring diesel engines in the background , no blasting .
tr	NNS	His hand , gentle in her hair , sent butterflies rising in her stomach .
tr	NNS	Grey scooped up half a dozen samples and departed before anybody could find words to hurl after him .
tr	NN	" I have every faith in your ability to survive , pet .
tr	NNS	The lizard fluffed up his scales excitedly .
tr	NNS	We 've had three surveillance teams on that place for months , and no one has been able to crack it . "
tr	NN	Will this cover your fee and closing expenses ? "
tr	NN	I flipped open the cylinder on the gun .
tr	NNS	I still appreciated his attempts to argue with Gavin over my treatment , however .
tr	NN	" What gave you that impression of me ? "
tr	NN	But , ' I added , ' if I were you I 'd paint the cart in different colours .
tr	NNS	Why not use our skills ?
tr	NNS	He pulled his covers back and motioned with his head to get in .
tr	NNS	" If you remember , Luanne and I were having marital difficulties at the time .
tr	NNS	Keep your wits about you if you deal with them and mention that grandmother sent you .
tr	NNS	" Surely your sister and your parents have other connections , after a year preparing for her freaking album and Grand Ole Opry debut ! "
tr	NN	" What the fuck do you think you 're doing ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll drop off these stupid uniforms tomorrow . "
tr	NN	In the distance , Vasile and Anton saw another troop of vampires approaching .
tr	NNS	They have been taking back the lands from the French that you had won .
tr	NNS	" Well , I can chop off your balls and feed them to you .
tr	NN	" Dad , here , take the sofa . "
tr	NNS	I edited bits and pieces .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't fight off all the wolves alone but I was thinking about making a run for it .
tr	NNS	The kinsmen strictly control their numbers and their loyalty to their families is absolute .
tr	NN	She gives her finger a yank and pulls free a small piece of her nail .
tr	NNS	I 'd been picking up the signals ( shaking legs , increased sweating , a desperately determined set to his mouth ) but had ignored them ruthlessly .
tr	NNS	I study wolves and she 's a member of a pack from another world .
tr	NN	You had a row with the missus ? "
tr	NN	A line extended down the block , around the corner , and out of sight .
tr	NN	I felt a lump rising , and I closed my eyes for just a moment and breathed deeply .
tr	NNS	" I need directions to the nearest ship station there is . "
tr	NNS	* * * * * Once the pub had been decorated and Town Hall desecrated , Deb focussed her efforts on beautifying the town .
tr	NN	I 'm even wearing a strand of my mom 's pearls .
tr	NN	She tossed a pillow at me .
tr	NNS	I hear someone yell .
tr	NNS	His silence spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	She shouldn 't have doubted her instincts .
tr	NN	She felt her fingers stroke over the package tenderly ; this was her last and greatest hope .
tr	NNS	They ate cheese sandwiches and talked very little .
tr	NNS	Ben held two cups of beer , one in each hand .
tr	NN	She said another short prayer for her husband 's rapid recovery .
tr	NNS	" I will show you some techniques to maintain control . "
tr	NNS	The agency had instant meals for a time such as this .
tr	NNS	She 's out rounding up supplies with Charlie right now .
tr	NNS	Caleb points out houses where there used to be farms , and suggests we turn back toward the highway .
tr	NNS	" And take our chances hitchhiking into Wells ? "
tr	NNS	No matter how sore she was , it didn 't stop the cravings to feel him over her , beneath her , behind her .
tr	NN	By the time he arrived in Stone Canyon , he had amassed a sizable fortune .
tr	NNS	She didn 't need his superhuman powers to hear him snickering on the other side as he walked away .
tr	NNS	" He mentioned fourth and fifth generations .
tr	NN	His fingertips brushed the silky V between her legs , touched a tight curl .
tr	NNS	" He had great instincts .
tr	NN	She ignored her friend 's astute observation and decided not to listen to any more cracks about her love life .
tr	NNS	Clearing its jaws for a clean swipe , turning into an even darker abyss .
tr	NN	Manners provided structure and a sense of order in situations that might otherwise have been difficult for him .
tr	NN	As Fiona , you could have had anybody !
tr	NN	She heard the skepticism in her brother 's voice and quickly moved to squelch it .
tr	NNS	" I don 't eat olives . "
tr	NNS	In fact , the Upanishads -- the mystical treatises continuous with the Vedas -- foretell many Buddhist teachings .
tr	NNS	They asked all sorts of questions about the United States , and related stories about friends and relatives who had immigrated to America .
tr	NNS	Nor did he ever mention coins .
tr	NNS	John instructed his two team members to stay with him and administer some first aid to try and bring him around .
tr	NNS	Andrea walked a few more paces in silence , hands digging farther into her pockets .
tr	NNS	" But we have some supplies to get from the store before we leave . "
tr	NN	" My dear Francesco , in order to unite Italy I must have every institution under my control .
tr	NN	Any way she looked at it , he 'd won this little skirmish .
tr	NNS	She looked down at her hand ; he has given me his ax , I can battle the Black Soldiers with it and save my world .
tr	NNS	" Use all your senses to fight .
tr	NNS	They stifled their giggles as they stepped over the energy snakes , and into the inner ring .
tr	NN	In private , she survived an uneasy truce with her new husband .
tr	NN	They pulled up to the house with all the lights burning bright , a welcoming gesture from Rafe 's efficient staff .
tr	NNS	Battered cardboard boxes bear labels like " Kitchen utensils " and " Dining room . "
tr	NNS	" Five thousand dollars . "
tr	NNS	Celaena slammed six gold coins onto the step beside the tiny crone .
tr	NNS	And hey , I 've got newfound anger issues .
tr	NN	Five makes a disgusted snort .
tr	NNS	As I explained to you earlier , I have already made other arrangements .
tr	NN	She had no proof that Jimmy had bribed anyone .
tr	NNS	as they found two folding chairs and dragged them behind the circle for us .
tr	NN	One of the men punched a code into a keypad , and an adjoining door slid open .
tr	NNS	" They might get wrecked . "
tr	NNS	" He offered me a hundred dollars for anything else I might have in my safe that Ann would like to have . "
tr	NNS	' I 've heard tales , but never quite believed them . '
tr	NNS	I have sons and brothers .
tr	NNS	The Draft has turned millions against Tiber .
tr	NN	For a moment he couldn 't place the personality ; it was familiar but obscured by the immediacy of the situation .
tr	NNS	The hunter in the rear carried other items that may be needed such as sinews for tying , tobacco for spiritual and pleasurable uses .
tr	NNS	He brushes his thumbs back and forth along my cheekbones and I can feel the rapid rise and fall of his chest against mine .
tr	NNS	Gil knew these dances as well as he knew everything else .
tr	NN	" I have had success with this method . "
tr	NN	I touch the hinge of his mandible in the dark , wondering how I can feel so safe down here among the ancient dead .
tr	NN	He sat down his pizza and reached over the table .
tr	NNS	' And we left the dogs behind , too !
tr	NNS	They picked up their packs , donned the rest of their gear and as they had done many times before removed any evidence of their campsite .
tr	NN	She heard the rasp of the zipper and felt her dress slither downward , exposing to his gaze that she wasn 't wearing a bra .
tr	NN	He sent a strand of his power downward , curling it around the phone to float it up to his hand .
tr	NN	I had Alyssa 's murder weapon stowed in a toolbox in Kate and Harold 's shed .
tr	NN	Fade kissed my temple .
tr	NN	" I chaired the committee and I have a lot of loose ends to tie up before the game starts Friday night . "
tr	NNS	Some wore the pressure suits and oxygen packs of Damage Control , others the helmets and heat vests of gunners .
tr	NNS	" We find some gnomes -- our enemies -- and it 's words .
tr	NNS	I hold all the cards , Grace .
tr	NN	" Urgent traffic from Colonel Masque , Sir . "
tr	NN	Painter turned the jar over in his hands .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples .
tr	NN	" So you used a trap to set a trap .
tr	NNS	" No , what we 'll have to do is bring more explosives and dump them down in there to open up the place more .
tr	NNS	He does not have his abilities yet .
tr	NN	Put a dagger in my heart .
tr	NN	When his mouth circled her core and he swiped his tongue across her painfully swollen bud , she felt her release coming .
tr	NN	You 'd need a passport , a document saying your nationality , which tends to assume you are from this actual world . "
tr	NN	" I asked your uncle to come because today is going to be my wedding day and I wanted him to do the honors . "
tr	NN	Had he invaded her privacy ?
tr	NN	She discarded the towel and climbed between the sheets .
tr	NNS	They wore dark uniforms with patches at their shoulders .
tr	NNS	Echo drew her daggers and then laid herself against Shimmer , giving her horse less wind resistance .
tr	NN	He had a notepad and pen .
tr	NN	The sound had emanated from Arnold the scientist : clearly , whatever Reg had been whispering in his ear had amused him greatly .
tr	NNS	She had three growing sons and her husband 's harvest hadn 't done well .
tr	NNS	They word their ribbons in things seen on a much deeper level .
tr	NN	" He has a sinister reputation in our circles .
tr	NN	His wife has got a Country Squire wagon .
tr	NN	Jennifer 's company supplies an organic diet juice that I saw in Ryan 's refrigerator , which means he was drinking it before his death .
tr	NNS	Rick added some meaningless numbers to his tally and pretended as if he heard nothing .
tr	NN	" Cold soup or wolf jerky , " said Nicolas digging through the backpack .
tr	NNS	I also see the boldness of both in your eyes .
tr	NNS	" Meara doesn 't like Ferris wheels . "
tr	NN	Oh , no , the government wouldn 't sell info on their top-secret soldiers ; what was the world coming to ?
tr	NN	She dipped a wooden comb into a pot of grease and ash and scraped it through her tresses , wincing in discomfort .
tr	NNS	He wiped away the smears of blood , leaving whole , smooth skin .
tr	NNS	' Shall I take out the workers ? '
tr	NNS	Thick plush carpets divided the dark mahogany floors .
tr	NN	Sara released a frustrated groan , so I assumed she 'd hung up .
tr	NN	He pulled leftover turkey out to make a sandwich .
tr	NNS	With a heaving sigh I shoved the covers off anyway and rolled out of bed .
tr	NNS	" They use bugs . "
tr	NNS	Frank will give me voting rights on his share . "
tr	NNS	By the way , contrary to popular opinion pyramids don 't sharpen razor blades .
tr	NN	It made a small dimple in the fabric of the wall , which popped back as she removed it .
tr	NN	I remove my cap as I go , letting my hair tumble down my back .
tr	NN	One of Ellen 's shots had nearly severed the snake in two .
tr	NN	" We 'll schedule an appointment for a full synaptic evaluation , along with a few other tests .
tr	NNS	She silenced her complaints and nodded demurely in submission to his wishes , " Yes , father . "
tr	NNS	Mike listed the items on his fingers .
tr	NNS	A groom on a dun cob held the reins of Count Lucien 's grey Arabian and a splendid bay of the same breed .
tr	NN	" You can have my sworn oath .
tr	NN	Paige swiped the mop along the floor , ammonia radiating up and watering her eyes .
tr	NN	A chill went down his spine , and Jenny smiled knowingly .
tr	NNS	I have your release forms and , as soon as you 're ready , you can go . "
tr	NNS	At closer inspection , one could see dull metallic plating resting just beneath the thin , fine layer of soil .
tr	NN	I walked around the cart and was trying to shove it back from the other side when a wink of silver caught my eye .
tr	NN	They threaten our continued operation .
tr	NNS	Take off the first layers of topsoil .
tr	NN	" Get the rifle . "
tr	NNS	He squeezed his thighs against Ty 's hips , loving the way it felt when Ty thrust against him .
tr	NNS	Sliding from the bed , I found my slippers and then a robe , which I wore .
tr	NNS	" How many broken hearts did you leave back in Ohio ? "
tr	NN	We get down the hill and back by the river .
tr	NN	Paul unscrewed the cap and gave the contents a cursory sniff .
tr	NN	I felt my pulse quicken , and I knew he could tell , too .
tr	NN	Roth caught the wild strand of hair again .
tr	NNS	" You 're feeling your oats , Jonas , because I 'm stuck in this bed . "
tr	NNS	Donovan was quietly running accounting figures in his head .
tr	NNS	Claudia dropped her daggers .
tr	NN	" No , I must defeat and win this quest on my own .
tr	NN	It replaced an older oath whose language was very martial in tone and that focused mostly on the fact that Shadowhunters are good at killing things .
tr	NN	I put the package down and walked over to a plain sky-blue cover .
tr	NN	He stroked my temple and shook his head .
tr	NN	" I accept your claim . "
tr	NN	Jael has lost my loyalty , so I don 't hesitate to explain .
tr	NN	I was expecting pizza . "
tr	NN	You two " - she looked between us - " have a blast . "
tr	NNS	" Leave coins behind where ?
tr	NNS	He lit fires in winter and roasted the chestnuts from an old chestnut tree on the hill .
tr	NN	Anthony Hancock had discovered Ashe 's dictionary in the rubble left from the beach house fire .
tr	NNS	She 's using her witch powers on you , right now .
tr	NNS	The boys shouted greetings to Adam and shared their bottle rockets with him .
tr	NN	I dropped the pillow and scrambled to sit up .
tr	NN	He unhooked the velvet rope .
tr	NNS	A whiff of power does wonders for some .
tr	NN	The left wall displayed a shorter , wider dresser with a dusty mirror attached to it .
tr	NN	Opened the fridge and stared at the dismal contents before slamming the door shut and turning back to her .
tr	NNS	The weather could take out his crops overnight .
tr	NNS	" It throws off consumption figures and inventory estimates .
tr	NNS	" My brother has arranged accommodations at a guesthouse not far from here . "
tr	NN	Thank goodness for the darkness .
tr	NNS	How could he crumble her defenses with just one touch of his mouth to hers ?
tr	NN	I pull my jeep up to the curb and don 't even bother pulling into the driveway .
tr	NN	The engine 's aluminum has a shine that only comes with reverence .
tr	NN	Katherine pushed the medallion toward the back of the countertop .
tr	NN	Joe knew the drill .
tr	NNS	I 'm getting complaints that food shipments are beginning to be interrupted .
tr	NN	Sonny hooked up the ice maker while Evie and Becky hurriedly transferred what food had survived from the old refrigerator into the new one .
tr	NNS	I drew the runes out .
tr	NNS	I don 't see any track marks on her arm or signs of chronic drug use .
tr	NNS	Some selfish instinct dominated my actions .
tr	NN	" I take full responsibility for this , and I want you to know , it won 't happen again . "
tr	NNS	For this affront she has brought her armies hither , wrought great damage against your lands , and stands before you , victor of this battle field .
tr	NN	He took my flute from my hand , putting it down on the table along with his .
tr	NN	A sharp tingle of suspicion ran down his spine .
tr	NNS	She had left the goggles in the cell !
tr	NN	That 's like winning the lottery . '
tr	NN	" We 're ending this farce right now . "
tr	NN	The move created havoc on his senses .
tr	NN	Opening the door , I hold the cake out before stepping inside .
tr	NN	Pandora cuddled her bunny , Alice saying " What about yours ? "
tr	NNS	But if they flatten Shrewsbury or Middlesbrough everything changes .
tr	NN	Kyle opened a desk drawer and began rummaging through it .
tr	NNS	To engage him in conversation , merely ask him about something that interests him . "
tr	NN	I caught the artifact and as it passed through the air , nearly dropping it because it suddenly grew two more feet in length .
tr	NN	Sirens flood the air as leaves sweep through the kitchen , swirling around with no other purpose than to go wherever the wind carries them .
tr	NNS	He relished my failed attempts to pry his hands off me before my back fell on the bed and he finally stopped the playful torment .
tr	NN	She 'll follow his advice . "
tr	NN	The kitchen would offer the most protection , with its array of metal appliances .
tr	NNS	Northern New York , even in the summer months , rarely reached the high seventies , low eighties , on the hottest days .
tr	NNS	But he couldn 't quite overcome his doubts .
tr	NN	" But I 've never had much faith in God myself . "
tr	NN	" Noah gave him a file before he died and in the file was the contact information for your mom . "
tr	NNS	" Did they see our tracks and timed the distance ? "
tr	NNS	He has all sorts of hobbies , from sketching , to writing , and even some engineering projects .
tr	NN	He looked out the cockpit and found the white dot that the computer said was Terra .
tr	NN	She set the soap on the ledge and unhooked the front catch of her bra , pulling the soaked garment off her body .
tr	NNS	Michael tracked Dean 's movements , then glanced back at me .
tr	NN	He may have initiated the rally but it had been for a good cause .
tr	NN	Now , with your opposite arm , you give yourself leverage , and you remove his already precarious balance .
tr	NN	About a year and a half ago , I saw a large crow perched outside my window .
tr	NN	" Want to kil some vampires , hunter ?
tr	NNS	" Many old European churches keep artifacts in their churches as shrines .
tr	NN	Dozens of people have checked that equation .
tr	NNS	" We 've already launched our missiles you stupid shits ! "
tr	NNS	They all had perfect figures and knew a lot more about seducing a man than she did .
tr	NNS	We wore uniforms to classes and then most of the rest of my wardrobe was jeans and pajamas .
tr	NN	We have seen the proof .
tr	NNS	Oh and stupid , stupid heart-shaped balloons .
tr	NNS	Backing out of the room , they cleaned up their tracks , and left .
tr	NNS	He enjoyed the performances and the music .
tr	NNS	Well , I 'll pick up some supplies after I talk to Henry . "
tr	NN	They appeared cordial with one another .
tr	NNS	" You have earned your coins .
tr	NNS	I could practically see the wheels turning in his head .
tr	NN	She stood average height for a girl her age , but her build was slim , and she always seemed a little too skinny .
tr	NNS	She pulled back the covers on the big brass bed , beckoning Nettie to get some rest .
tr	NNS	And we 've got extra patrols on the beaches ; nobody is out at night like they used to be . "
tr	NNS	Oh ... I shall require several dozen swamp dragons , too .
tr	NNS	Then I lifted all the pots and felt inside them , but only found dirt .
tr	NN	He tried the knob .
tr	NN	Alexander pulled out a wad of dollars , stuck it into the clerk 's hand , and placed the bear at his feet .
tr	NNS	But we can 't make other complicated creations like sculptures without effort .
tr	NNS	On Sunday morning , she brought the twins back to the palace for the weekend .
tr	NN	He carefully poured shampoo into his hand , clicked the top shut , and moved in next to me .
tr	NN	She affected a casual shrug .
tr	NNS	You 're wasting opportunities . "
tr	NNS	The man was badly injured - broken ribs at least , and perhaps a punctured lung .
tr	NNS	I stop and hear noises .
tr	NNS	Daemon poured two cups of tea .
tr	NN	They reached the cockpit and without a single spoken word .
tr	NN	" Oh my god ! "
tr	NN	For 3 months I have rounded up ammo for this puppy , and now I can 't think of a better time to use it .
tr	NNS	The government here guards its mineral reserves jealously .
tr	NN	Heather hired a lawyer , but we knew she wasn 't going to get off easy .
tr	NN	She grasped the hilt with both hands .
tr	NNS	The same sense of wrongness was permeating her senses as she had experienced when she had kicked the blue reptilian carcass out of die protected circle .
tr	NNS	They take some deep breaths to regain their composure .
tr	NNS	Jeff and the others shifted their positions to make room at the table as the Captain waved over a small group of old men .
tr	NN	The dogs gave a soft growl like music in unison .
tr	NN	Chills swept up her spine and coiled around her stomach as he rubbed the gooey gel over her finger .
tr	NN	Jared used his fork to attempt to cut a piece of cake from my slice , but I stuck out my elbow to defend my plate .
tr	NN	She picked up the razor , opened it , and handed it to Meg .
tr	NN	He grabbed the railing of the ladder .
tr	NNS	Like , marrying and making babies ? "
tr	NN	It had a silver hilt , and like the Mortal Sword it glowed with a dull dark light .
tr	NNS	You and Luke just do your normal activities .
tr	NN	" I should watch more film ... " " Woods , you promised ! "
tr	NNS	I nervously pick blades of grass .
tr	NN	" The hex can tell a false steward from a true one . "
tr	NNS	Just a squabble , but the sound of those teeth snapping makes Dove flinch .
tr	NNS	" You seriously overestimate your abilities . "
tr	NNS	" Jagger needs these crates returned to the dock .
tr	NN	Love , Jax CHAPTER 11 " Have you reached a verdict ? "
tr	NN	Because of me , he broke an oath . "
tr	NNS	I had instant visions of this and had to fight the involuntary urge to take a step back from the menacing woman .
tr	NN	We quietly unload her trunk and toss the backpacks on one of the beds .
tr	NN	He pressed a code into the control panel .
tr	NN	She nipped his earlobe .
tr	NNS	I never usually do formal gowns twice , but this one is Gucci and gorgeous and took three weeks of begging the stepfather before he buckled .
tr	NN	The very idea of her in another man 's arms ignited such a fury within him that he became momentarily oblivious to the pain he was in .
tr	NN	A chill ran up my spine .
tr	NN	Brick took the podium next to him , still checking the bottom of his shoe as an excuse for slipping .
tr	NNS	She had always wanted her patients ambulatory as soon as possible .
tr	NNS	" Don 't make excuses .
tr	NN	" I own this fine establishment and I also want to help my family improve a potential major corporation like Freeze N Bake .
tr	NNS	Thomas , and one or two others , nodded greetings , but the rest either ignored me or scowled pointedly before turning away .
tr	NNS	" You 're wearing my favorite sweats and I 'd like to collect them in person . "
tr	NNS	Now , however , she was recovering her senses , and as he hoisted her onto the back of his horse , another opportunity did arrive .
tr	NN	He kept watching the 4x4 , not surprised when he heard the tires squeal , certain the truck was making a U-turn back to him .
tr	NNS	Yet , we still didn 't commit , the anticipation growing , butterflies taking residence in both our stomachs .
tr	NNS	The force of the grenades scattered the clouds .
tr	NN	After all this time , perhaps they just needed an organ donor or wanted to write me out of the will .
tr	NNS	The lobby had several comfortable seating areas , and she chose one that was close to the middle .
tr	NN	To complicate everything , she hadn 't even brought her towel out from the locker room .
tr	NNS	" So , you didn 't get any leads ? "
tr	NNS	You eat cats here ? '
tr	NN	Shelby likes hot cocoa with lots of whipped cream , so make sure she has enough . "
tr	NNS	They searched out three cold metal chairs in the corner and sat , waiting .
tr	NN	He 'd somehow removed the tape over his mouth .
tr	NN	Rand took the condom from her , leaving her hands free to map his taut frame as he dealt with the protection .
tr	NNS	Next time , leave directions . "
tr	NNS	Why can 't you have other Legion members , more experienced than us , take them out ?
tr	NN	Despite the pending storm , she felt a measure of peace .
tr	NN	She spread her napkin in her lap , her expression thoughtful .
tr	NN	Daniel couldn 't take the suspense any more .
tr	NN	Remembering the time she was from , he removed a chunk of bread and placed it on her plate .
tr	NNS	He felt the spasms in the tiny nerves .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't have her daggers any more , but I 'd imagine that her beak and talons sort of make up for that .
tr	NN	Buy me a coffin ?
tr	NN	Tightening her arms around her , she met his glare .
tr	NNS	Leaning down , I skim the pebbles for a few small stones .
tr	NN	She replaced the receiver .
tr	NN	All of them meant her harm .
tr	NN	I ordered the execution of so many witches , but I always knew some fled , and they came back when the Hunters were gone .
tr	NN	He dropped the curtain and turned fully to her .
tr	NN	He 'd lost his accomplice -- the person he 'd have had to split the take with .
tr	NN	A determined glint in his eyes sent her heart hammering against her ribs in anticipation .
tr	NNS	He wouldn 't teach himself his powers to serve his own interests .
tr	NN	She uttered a humorous snort .
tr	NNS	The tumult around them frightened Tess .
tr	NNS	" How about we leave politics outside the house , eh ? "
tr	NNS	Eleanor felt the hardness of him through layers of fabric , his wanting obvious .
tr	NNS	We need only our predatory instincts and natural abilities .
tr	NNS	And I felt this heaviness , Milton , deep and hurting , in my chest and in my stomach .
tr	NN	She opened the file and flipped through photocopies of several letters , all written in the blocky print so typical of males .
tr	NNS	Joni lifted the covers and he slid in beside her .
tr	NNS	He shot two balls with one shoot .
tr	NNS	For once I kind of liked his cryptic responses .
tr	NN	So not only did she believe us , she 'd foreseen the progression .
tr	NN	He had no proof , after his irrevocable proof had been proven to be revocable .
tr	NNS	Just the name turned her blood vessels to icicles .
tr	NN	He had received a strange e-mail , one from someone who 'd taken great pains to hide who he or she was .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't lose both families .
tr	NNS	I 'll make arrangements for a pilot and a plane .
tr	NN	" But why soap ? "
tr	NNS	Thirty minutes later , after having listened to Lori sneeze practically the entire time , he had two plates of spaghetti ready for both of them .
tr	NN	I have a new nickname for you , by the way . "
tr	NNS	Lovely women , a rarity in men 's clubs at least in London , offered trays of drink and slender ivory wrists or shoulders .
tr	NN	She tugged Geoffrey playfully by the arm and pulled him across the entrance hall .
tr	NNS	However I 'm not seeing any blasting pieces only shredded metal bits .
tr	NNS	He 's been taking only the smallest doses as he needs them . "
tr	NNS	After all , he always put his two cents in when it came to Ellery .
tr	NNS	They had no mirrors here that I knew of but there was no doubt about it .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths to calm myself .
tr	NN	His fingers traced her spine , and she gasped .
tr	NN	" Torture me , kill me , I shall not betray my Queen . "
tr	NN	But you want my version of what happened ?
tr	NNS	Danny should hone his own instincts in dealing with the boys .
tr	NN	David Bloomfield was working out his grief the same way she was .
tr	NNS	' And it 's left ghosts in my head ? '
tr	NN	A nurse handed him a towel .
tr	NNS	Somehow , untrained , you understand more than the students who 've had twelve years here .
tr	NNS	His gray t-shirt that was just a little too tight , stretched over his biceps deliciously .
tr	NN	" Even an inanimate object which has given us good service has a claim on our consideration .
tr	NN	" I watched her fade , but I loved her always .
tr	NN	Today I have a task for you .
tr	NNS	I felt breathless , shocked , and excited all at once .
tr	NN	" Remember , Cadet Pry , you can never reveal any aspect of a raid to anyone out of the Military .
tr	NN	The tie , tickling across my forehead like a feather .
tr	NN	" I 've still got my equipment .
tr	NNS	Her shoes made hissing noises on the carpet as she moved across the empty room .
tr	NN	Trying not to burn my mouth I chewed the potato , swallowing and wincing as it burnt my throat instead .
tr	NN	I loved the snot out of him .
tr	NNS	" Which one of us can have more fun sober ? "
tr	NNS	" Two hundred dollars !
tr	NNS	But I wasn 't making excuses for him .
tr	NNS	Duncan lifted his wineglass and took a long drink , wondering if he had just ruined his chances of seeing Bobbie Sue again .
tr	NN	She laid the magazine down and stood , watching Stephan 's reaction and hoping .
tr	NN	Don gave me the thumbs-up and then giggled like a child .
tr	NNS	Those are the eyes that have watched over me for the past seven years , the eyes I thought held no surprises .
tr	NN	Her cleavage showed a swooping valley of promising pale flesh , where my eyes lingered for just a moment too long .
tr	NNS	Plus we could no longer afford the extras .
tr	NN	He replaced the lid on the Crockpot .
tr	NN	I also have some apologizing to do to Helen ... " Georgina looked off .
tr	NNS	" Both of our chips had microphones .
tr	NNS	Wow , now she was bestowing titles on herself .
tr	NNS	By helping his dad , he had learned servers backwards and forwards .
tr	NNS	The small and rather strange move sent shots of heat coursing through her entire body .
tr	NN	And with that teasing hint of a sight came an unwelcome realization .
tr	NN	Mom never suspected my involvement .
tr	NN	" Where did you get the steak ? "
tr	NN	She hurried down the staircase .
tr	NNS	The team searched the offices , but found nothing .
tr	NNS	They had oversized fangs and sharp talons , and they weren 't like the regular vamps ... .
tr	NNS	Should he critique her combat skills ?
tr	NN	She finally bought a drying rack .
tr	NN	Not only did I screw up my reputation at a new school , but I managed to insult the angel of death , too .
tr	NNS	" Did you finish your assignments today , or do you need to continue to work ? "
tr	NNS	I 'd used invisibility spells in the past , once even to break into an Alchemist facility , which seemed ironic in my current situation .
tr	NNS	They had their twins a couple of years later .
tr	NNS	They would bleed patients in an attempt to restore balance and fight off disease .
tr	NN	Have you got a pencil and paper ?
tr	NNS	He 'd already hired some staff members who 'd let them into the new home .
tr	NNS	" Did the agents use any other tricks that I don 't know about ? "
tr	NNS	As soon as he 'd made the necessary arrangements .
tr	NNS	Even during her horrible sickness , she stole the hearts of many and set an example for others .
tr	NNS	" I 've already made arrangements ; all we have to do now is inform the community that they 'll be hosting humans during the summer . "
tr	NNS	As he pulled the remains of her blouse , from his pocket and waved it about in front of his face .
tr	NN	Mikhail lazily reached across the board to make his move , saw the dawning comprehension in her eyes .
tr	NN	She could hear Damien 's zipper coming undone and it nearly undid her .
tr	NNS	She could remember the horrible , awful bits .
tr	NN	( I 'm making an assumption , again . )
tr	NN	Did she pull the Myers file for you ? "
tr	NN	" Perhaps , " rejoined the scientist seeming deeply in thoughts .
tr	NNS	I do not fully understand all the powers Death has bestowed upon me .
tr	NNS	He scanned their surroundings .
tr	NNS	I ran my palms down the front of my pants and adjusted my sweater .
tr	NNS	Piss off any witches lately ? "
tr	NN	She swiveled her monitor around to face me , revealing two very different women .
tr	NN	" And then we saw the shooting star . "
tr	NN	You 'll get your diamond and I 'll work for you .
tr	NNS	Rowan points both his thumbs down in disapproval .
tr	NN	Mage picked up an enormous platter as if it were an empty paper plate .
tr	NNS	Cain smiled encouragingly and began to hoist himself up , pointing out the best handholds as he did .
tr	NN	A sharp slice of pain shot up my spine .
tr	NNS	He never steals more than four dollars fifty . "
tr	NNS	Jack could see distant silhouettes moving and shifting .
tr	NN	Ryan handed the boy a smaller , lighter package for him to open .
tr	NNS	The stranger was facing her , had surely seen her pathetic attempts to escape her bonds and now it seemed he agreed with Kris .
tr	NNS	" How long have you hated dinosaurs ? "
tr	NNS	Apparently the fact that he hadn 't Claimed Rhiannon caught their interests as well .
tr	NNS	The void has the three dimensions of space and because the speck of light is moving there is a concept of time .
tr	NN	She picked up her basket and moved gracefully to the door .
tr	NNS	" She should be doing chores . "
tr	NN	" Perhaps if you can tell me what this is about , I can make an appointment for you later in the week . "
tr	NN	He caught her earlobe between his teeth and gave it a little nip .
tr	NNS	They selected chairs opposing one another so they could talk face to face .
tr	NN	Finally , Deputy Blake replaced the receiver a turned to Ashley , embarrassed .
tr	NN	Varg donned the sash , belting it on with practiced movements .
tr	NN	Both used the technology like professionals .
tr	NNS	I also noticed the runes covering every visible part of their bodies .
tr	NNS	" He 's loving the bragging rights .
tr	NN	Even from where I was standing , I could see his abs and arms working with the strength needed to push him through the water .
tr	NNS	Hold on ... ' She flicked some pages back and forth .
tr	NN	Ella made a flourishing gesture at Xavier .
tr	NNS	" Of course I love Cass .
tr	NNS	The destroyer fired its first two medium range missiles .
tr	NNS	Obviously , Blake had some very serious contacts if he was able to get hold of these .
tr	NNS	Bill wants the actors to think about slippery stuff , about slime beneath the city streets . "
tr	NN	Ugh , rummaging through my linen closet , I pulled out a quilt and pillow .
tr	NN	My parents might not have given a crap about me , but they never hurt me physically or verbally .
tr	NNS	As we entered the kitchen through the garage , I heard childish giggles and shrieks .
tr	NNS	Pappy and my father had borrowed fourteen thousand dollars in March from the owner of the gin .
tr	NN	" I don 't have an appointment , or anything , but I 'm going to Derry because abortion is legal in the North . '
tr	NNS	We lost many trading ships around the black holes .
tr	NN	Soon , she was stroking his beard of her own accord , mesmerized by her actions .
tr	NN	In the email , he outlined the expectation for me to sign it " upon arrival . "
tr	NNS	" I don 't follow local politics .
tr	NN	Bret crept into my head then , a slithering snake of a voice , dripping with anger and sarcasm , pulling my vision back to him .
tr	NNS	Your blood controls its actions .
tr	NNS	Our Pack needs numbers .
tr	NNS	Lacking any confirmation from the doctors who work at the burn center , most people are taking these claims with a grain of salt .
tr	NN	No one had ever taken so much consideration of me .
tr	NNS	Do Wardens get degenerative eye diseases ? "
tr	NN	" I have a confession to make . "
tr	NN	" We saw a video , yes , but it still remains unproven whether or not the time and date stamp on it had been altered . "
tr	NNS	" The second column gives the current counts by location . "
tr	NN	The General let out a huff , " I could use your help .
tr	NNS	Esme had stacks of books on either side of the bed , including several of Lauren 's novels .
tr	NN	The Queen grabbed the scroll from my hand , looking at both sides and then gave it back to me .
tr	NNS	With a wave of his hand and some words in Russian , the NKVD officer directed his two companions to conduct a search .
tr	NN	Riley slid the gown over her knee , and for a moment , he didn 't move .
tr	NN	Seven hours later Bob Mathews began his descent into a small commercial airport in eastern Turkey .
tr	NN	Your mother left a toy at our home .
tr	NN	" The McCabe warriors have a reputation for being fair .
tr	NNS	But I made no connections there , and the public scene was too much for me .
tr	NNS	I hooked my thumbs into the strings of my bikini bottom , looking up at him coyly .
tr	NNS	I 'll disarm the bombs and , in return , you will let me just walk away . "
tr	NNS	Veron needed a much bigger production facilities in a secretive area .
tr	NN	" I can either marry my uncle , marry Drake , or run away again , although I don 't know where I 'd go from here .
tr	NNS	" I actually have the tabs sitting at home on my microwave .
tr	NNS	She lost all her powers and strength to stand and open her eyes .
tr	NNS	She only used her powers when it was absolutely necessary and listened before attempting anything .
tr	NNS	No matter what he did , it wouldn 't change Coyote 's actions or Choo 's fate .
tr	NN	And Mom doesn 't give a crap about painting , so he stopped doing it .
tr	NNS	He spent 142 dollars for a kiss he already owned in more ways than one .
tr	NNS	And with it , perhaps , had dissolved her chances of discovering the truth behind the legend .
tr	NN	Tucker noted the slight tremble in the man 's grip .
tr	NN	St. George had a brief afterlife in the guise of an international version ( " This week : St. George in Rio !
tr	NN	Maybe I 'm not giving him enough credit .
tr	NN	Dobson let out a low groan , and I had to press my lips together to hold back my snickers .
tr	NN	Luther won 't let any harm come to her .
tr	NNS	Chase gripped the firm globes of her ass , kneading the flesh through the thin , skintight fabric of her knee-length yoga pants .
tr	NNS	Star held up two power cell torches .
tr	NN	If I could write one song that a major publisher wanted , I could write a dozen .
tr	NN	Shock slid the suppressed M4 rifle to the side and produced a small digital camera .
tr	NN	Gavin brought the wagon into the forecourt but his horses panicked at the proximity of the fire and he fought to keep them calm .
tr	NNS	Don 't need any distractions . "
tr	NN	This section had the task of analysing the pictures and passing on the resulting information to the relevant authorities .
tr	NN	" Now I 'm buying her jewelry just for blowing off when she wasn 't even meant to be there ?
tr	NNS	You 've got more titles than you can count , and there 's not a king in the world who doesn 't bow to you automatically .
tr	NN	Sally climbed the hill .
tr	NNS	How could one town have so many cats ?
tr	NNS	Ray gave me a few more rapid blinks .
tr	NNS	The laughter that followed the erroneous statement made Alyssa nauseous .
tr	NNS	The dance hall always has fruit trays and cupcakes .
tr	NN	" Wait , " Cole said , the realization of what I 'd said sinking in .
tr	NNS	You will have the rights and protections of any man with proven honor . "
tr	NNS	The sound sent birds scattering from night perches into the air so that for a moment the flutter of wings was loud .
tr	NN	In the end , she would have her revenge .
tr	NNS	He set the chairs in place .
tr	NNS	These Reboots really didn 't take any chances .
tr	NNS	Taking their positions on the dais , Fr .
tr	NN	I had a strong , almost irresistible urge to make up some bullshit .
tr	NNS	The bullets could penetrate concrete blocks .
tr	NNS	Your church in ancient times had great powers of its own .
tr	NNS	" Your village has the shields , not the buildings .
tr	NN	Our regulars love every item . "
tr	NN	After that they headed down another iron staircase , which wound several stories into his and Isis ' private underground chambers .
tr	NNS	The NKVD man was carefully turning the pages of the passport .
tr	NN	And then , goaded on - the goad invisible but real , not to be challenged - he resumed his climb .
tr	NNS	They had no mouths , ears , or noses .
tr	NNS	Her mind focused on what he 'd said at the beginning : " enough food stores for years . "
tr	NNS	He bellowed obscenities in his brother 's bloody face and then drew him up by his neck .
tr	NNS	The rash of recent killings could have destroyed many other packs , but as Alpha he wasn 't going to let that happen .
tr	NN	" You know the exhibit on sea monsters that we saw at the museum ? "
tr	NNS	Abby almost dropped the biscuits on the floor she felt so flustered .
tr	NN	I made a U-turn in the middle of the road .
tr	NN	" Just because the king and his son have taken a liking to you , doesn 't mean crap to me .
tr	NNS	They must be stacking crates here .
tr	NN	His dark , almost black eyes held intelligence and something even an alpha Shifter would acknowledge .
tr	NN	She had no specific prayer in her mind , but she examined her reasons for wanting to help the foreigner .
tr	NNS	" Sam has absolutely no social skills .
tr	NNS	They had families , people who loved them .
tr	NN	Did she take cream or sugar ?
tr	NN	So maybe they 're going a little overboard in the opposite direction , you know ? "
tr	NN	" My other roommate had a nervous breakdown .
tr	NN	You have an expectation of privacy with your diary .
tr	NN	And considering her current situation , that itself was enough to make Noelle question her sanity .
tr	NNS	But I wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	Took out her treasured dagger and walked it back to her .
tr	NNS	Sighing , he took his blueprints and hurried off to the waiting carriage .
tr	NNS	We already have some teams like this stationed at various places around the world .
tr	NN	" It brings me such joy . "
tr	NN	I straddle the saddle with ease in my split skirt while cradling my arms around his chest .
tr	NNS	We have kept some science labs and libraries , but that is all .
tr	NNS	Jack had surely left tracks on the wet ground , but it was beyond my power to obliterate them .
tr	NNS	" Styx would never allow witches in these caves .
tr	NN	The only sounds the crackle of flames and the steady pop , pop , pop as bullets exploded inside the burning vehicles .
tr	NNS	She wore no bindings .
tr	NNS	We have sold only nineteen pairs in the last three years .
tr	NN	She not so subtly changed the topic .
tr	NN	He had a task to complete within the next couple of minutes .
tr	NNS	" One of them has some broken ribs .
tr	NNS	" Trust me , the pleated sweetheart neckline will look better on you with your ... accentuated assets than it does on my flat chest .
tr	NNS	I noticed my teammates slowing their jog as they made another lap around the court , all eyes watching Coach 's face with anticipation .
tr	NN	The sisters sat on a small sofa by the hearth , their heads together in contented reunion .
tr	NN	Industry sponsored the new technology , assuming it to be a farsighted policy .
tr	NN	Singer received Mike 's affection with a friendly bark .
tr	NN	This made my hands clench into fists .
tr	NN	" You make a very impassioned but weighted argument , but that 's all intellectual .
tr	NN	Sandbag took Sid 's verbal offering as a sign of freedom to ask questions .
tr	NNS	I just can 't control my feminine desires .
tr	NNS	" Who would eat pies that could take over your life ?
tr	NN	Crow adjusted his beak .
tr	NNS	They were facing down three whole ships .
tr	NNS	Anyway , Sam 's calling the shots , not me . "
tr	NN	He opened the package .
tr	NNS	Whoever it was fired a second time , but this time a beautiful yellow flower of energy formed inches from Clint 's middle .
tr	NNS	I could see the rafters right at the top of the turret , where Uncle Drac 's sleeping bag usually hangs .
tr	NNS	Nine ... " Prewitt frowns then swings to the time element .
tr	NN	* * * * Leo pulled his motorcycle out in front of the store .
tr	NN	He said goodnight and drove around for a while .
tr	NN	Don 't you have any respect ? "
tr	NN	He continued on , the roots parting in his presence , leaving a path for the others to follow .
tr	NN	The moon was at half , dully lighting the pond at the edge of the grounds .
tr	NN	I gave her neck another quick squeeze , kissed her on the temple , and returned to my chair .
tr	NN	" I got a promotion today , thanks to you . "
tr	NN	Knowing Pappy , he might get the sudden urge to pull up in the front yard and start a brawl .
tr	NNS	I yawn and pull the covers up over my head .
tr	NNS	But he didn 't like the conclusions he came to .
tr	NNS	Another picture of Deni showed her holding two wolf cubs , the pair bright-eyed .
tr	NN	Steve opened his email .
tr	NNS	Hector , who was the biggest developer in Texas , knew some folks on Wall Street , but most of his contacts were in the Southwest .
tr	NN	" Since I work now , I 'm using a breast pump . "
tr	NN	He hated the nickname , which referred to his tendency toward silence .
tr	NNS	John junior walked the caverns and tunnels of the lair shouting commands .
tr	NNS	" I wouldn 't call it foul-smelling rags , your honour . "
tr	NN	She slaps her thigh , beckoning Felix to follow .
tr	NN	She 'd kicked off the stiff , starchy comforter and had propped herself against the headboard .
tr	NNS	I dumped all the stew ingredients into the slow cooker and got out my wok .
tr	NN	They breathe , they love each other , they find joy in the world around them for no other reason than because they are children .
tr	NNS	Xavier approached the remains of the front entrance .
tr	NN	" Ryerson has a physics department ? "
tr	NN	Maddie walked weakly back to her office and sat down .
tr	NNS	Mira spread her thighs to accommodate him , ready for him again .
tr	NN	I will make the trade . "
tr	NN	He would hug the plaintiff and say something gracious to the defense counsel , and Jarrett Carter would leave another courtroom with another trophy .
tr	NNS	I gathered together the filthy rags , brushes , and cans and tossed everything into the trash .
tr	NN	" Ryan 's company was conducting a raid to extract two contractors that had been missing for a few days .
tr	NN	In all honesty , I had no grand scheme , but I didn 't care to disappoint them .
tr	NN	Both men appreciated the interruption .
tr	NN	Give you both some privacy . "
tr	NN	" Do you enjoy interior design ?
tr	NN	" Get the squad together .
tr	NN	How , on the vampire 's first Hie - on his very first task - had he scored the maximum ?
tr	NN	I catch the inside wing of one , causing it to burst into flames .
tr	NNS	I returned the thumbs up and continued to battle the hordes upon hordes of demons .
tr	NNS	She had made few changes since her aunt died over a year ago , but the first additions had been an automatic coffee maker and cordless phone .
tr	NNS	He made wet kissy noises .
tr	NNS	She had big round breasts and flabby arms where the triceps would be .
tr	NN	She had no inkling of what was happening or what she should do .
tr	NNS	But peace did not come instead the religious leaders of that age , the Jews , rejected my peaceful presence .
tr	NNS	One side of the room held shelves of books , as in Dr. Lansing 's office .
tr	NNS	If they had escaped they were all sitting ducks without power to see or protect them .
tr	NNS	She 'd had no illusions that she could continue on as she had been .
tr	NN	I hate that video .
tr	NN	But you look fey .
tr	NN	Kali 's eyes widened in confusion and then dread .
tr	NNS	We 'd never used terms like that before .
tr	NN	" I beg pardon , sir . "
tr	NN	" I had the impression that was a backwater . "
tr	NNS	She could feel his aching loneliness and it ate at her .
tr	NN	She let out a low moan , feeling as though she were so relaxed she might melt into the granite and disappear .
tr	NNS	" I saw foreign lands when I touched him .
tr	NN	But of course he knew the code .
tr	NNS	Alonso refilled both coffees .
tr	NN	He turned his glare back on the witch .
tr	NN	She barely noticed the congested traffic .
tr	NN	He kissed her protest away .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples .
tr	NNS	He then spread all nine scrolls on the table for us to study , not noticing that Wanita was looking at him as if he was crazy .
tr	NN	At once he removed the compulsion for her to feed , certain he had given her enough blood for a true exchange .
tr	NN	You would murder an entire nation of people ? "
tr	NN	I returned his salute and said something , but my concentration was fixed on the eccentric fire at the tent 's edge .
tr	NNS	Who would make payments on this car ?
tr	NNS	" But I don 't do bodyguards - " He put a finger to her lips , cutting her off .
tr	NN	I didn 't dare chase whoever it was .
tr	NNS	' Hospitals have security cameras . '
tr	NN	Until then Jonas has wired a quarter of a million pounds to your account .
tr	NNS	We 've raked their brains so thoroughly trying to extract information about the Garde that all but one of them have perished .
tr	NNS	" She will also have bowel and bladder complications .
tr	NN	Confusion formed a deep V between his eyebrows .
tr	NNS	We sure aren 't ruling many folks out .
tr	NNS	Some of the issues he had found would have caused some serious delays .
tr	NN	" Fellow heroes , you have heard the quest before us .
tr	NNS	It required all his reserves to keep from trembling .
tr	NN	Alistair 's brainchild needed some chemical intervention and I was someone he could trust .
tr	NN	" Nate might be acquiring important intelligence .
tr	NNS	I move the dishes off the tray and set it up as a desk .
tr	NN	That part of the description always had that effect .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths .
tr	NNS	He hates antiques . "
tr	NNS	He saw the twins in the dream .
tr	NNS	She should have had all the scales out before she put on the armor .
tr	NNS	Trial lawyers keep their runners to themselves .
tr	NN	Phillip stood and dusted off his frame .
tr	NNS	No professors at ISE may date students , period . "
tr	NN	Get the football . "
tr	NNS	The other members made no objections and it only made me angrier .
tr	NN	But when someone tapped me on the shoulder , my heart did give a little leap , and I turned expectantly .
tr	NN	Bill gave Fred a good-natured shove .
tr	NN	With dubious genius , she substituted sour cream , clumping it on the top in big scoops .
tr	NN	It had the desired effect of putting the man at ease .
tr	NN	She could feel a strange tingling in her bloodstream .
tr	NN	Although Juliet substituted for me , apprehension played havoc with my gut as I instructed Eric where to place his hands and what to do .
tr	NN	As she marched back into the Luxor , she couldn 't help but feel blind fury .
tr	NN	Then he set his pulse rifle on the lowest power setting and shot a large boulder several times until it started to glow .
tr	NNS	While making his way toward the hangar , Cole heard footfalls behind him .
tr	NN	I pick up my napkin , hearing .
tr	NN	Hayden leaned his hip against my desk and crossed his arms as he gazed at the board .
tr	NNS	The artifact has two different carbon dates . "
tr	NN	" You tanked an exam ? "
tr	NNS	He flipped open the pages and started to read .
tr	NNS	I am really cranking these babies out .
tr	NN	He pushed her backwards , the weight of him pinning her to the floor .
tr	NNS	Pointing his tongue , he traced the delicate folds and crevices before circling the distended tip of her clitoris .
tr	NN	Paul spotted a small diner and said , " How 's that place look ? "
tr	NNS	He laid out all his cards on the table , uncaring that it made him appear like he was desperate to be caught .
tr	NNS	He admires the attributes of other ladies , but he grows quite upset when I display mine .
tr	NNS	His father had hired the best surgeons and doctors , but they had been unable to stop the infection .
tr	NNS	The car crept up the floors , and when Julie took Ethan 's hand , he rested his head against hers .
tr	NN	Roll the tape . "
tr	NNS	I 've got some issues .
tr	NNS	She had dark ringlets that fell down her back to her waist , and had the same colour of eyes as the prince .
tr	NNS	The eyes had seen too many centuries .
tr	NNS	We spent centuries here soaking in the beauty of our Dream .
tr	NN	I hear the material ripping .
tr	NNS	And once the hapless new boy 's wallet had been drained , a cheerful Meghan would bat her red silky eyelashes and move on .
tr	NNS	" I still owe seven dollars for you ! "
tr	NN	He would have made a fine hero . "
tr	NNS	I 'm painting mountain landscapes now . "
tr	NNS	Wine and champagne flowed , families mixed and mingled ; it was a festive mood .
tr	NN	The guy with the mask pours a dark red liquid inside it , and starts scrubbing it down .
tr	NNS	They clashed cups and drank .
tr	NN	' Okay , I 'm shut up , ' he made a zip gesture with his hand .
tr	NNS	Occasionally , there came distant pops of small arms fire .
tr	NN	Nikolai had read her case file , but a case file didn 't tell you the real stuff .
tr	NN	From her podium , Mrs. Portman begins her lesson as if there 's no interruption .
tr	NNS	You have skills that would be valuable to any people .
tr	NNS	" If they catch the vampire they 're after , they need to ask a specific question , " Ashe sounded breathless .
tr	NNS	The Core houses the primary control boards and it is from here that I begin the lengthy process of trying to establish a satellite uplink .
tr	NN	Green slime covered my boot .
tr	NNS	" Me , I got chores to do , so I 'll be sayin ' good day to you . "
tr	NN	Yet when he 'd blinked for a fraction of a second , he 'd seen an entirely different landscape .
tr	NNS	" I can wear my Jewels again . "
tr	NN	" Does he play basketball ? "
tr	NN	Daniel gave the sheriff a condensed update on his latest adventures .
tr	NN	Da 'n ea asked , her voice like the trickling of a river .
tr	NN	Hekate wouldn 't give her talisman to her ?
tr	NNS	The wolf had its jaws clamped around a faery 's leg , and Sage pressed it unmercifully with his sword .
tr	NNS	Seems they 've got our numbers ! "
tr	NNS	The tone of his voice lifted the short hairs along my nape .
tr	NN	He shook out the cloth , revealing two pairs of crosses embroidered in silver thread upon it .
tr	NNS	She threw four ID cards on the ground .
tr	NNS	" I know all the downtown restaurants that have private rooms , and the places that are open after midnight .
tr	NNS	They 're keeping his remains there for now , and we can go up when the semester 's over if you 'd like . "
tr	NN	Ec pulled open a wooden trapdoor in the corner , hidden behind a barrel .
tr	NN	At his feet , next to a cold , lifeless hand , laid a rod .
tr	NNS	The brain can play funny tricks when you 're tired .
tr	NNS	Something in what I said stoked the fires in him .
tr	NN	Dizziness joined Blake 's nausea and they had a party in his stomach .
tr	NNS	Some light cigarettes - no smoking on board ; by the way ... " " I don 't smoke . "
tr	NN	Hell , I 'm probably cramping your style ! "
tr	NNS	If he didn 't have proof of her perfidy , the agony she simulated would have torn down his defenses .
tr	NN	Once again , her courage struck a chord in him .
tr	NNS	In the distance , interrupting the constant sway of the breeze through the trees came the low , guttural wails of several large dogs .
tr	NN	" Good evening my fellow normal folk . "
tr	NN	Either you want the promotion or you don 't . "
tr	NN	" He says his name 's Ramsay and Krause has him penned in the shuttle at gun point .
tr	NN	Eleanor understood Hart 's reluctance to leave .
tr	NNS	" Just a day back , I found signals of the gravest type possible ... I could feel that something very dark was stirring around us .
tr	NN	Inside the auditorium , she heard a piano , then someone singing , probably a late choir practice .
tr	NN	With a slight smile on her face , she repeated the gesture with the other side .
tr	NNS	You don 't have classes Friday morning , do you ? "
tr	NN	Still , she felt a little conspicuous because it was strapless and floor-length with a beaded bodice .
tr	NNS	" I can perform magic tricks , as I did when I first joined the Cirque Du Freak , and you can be my assistant .
tr	NNS	I had two daggers , engraved and gorgeous , tucked inside my boots .
tr	NNS	I left all my fears , that doesn 't include the bathrobe , and ran straight to Diane 's room .
tr	NNS	She 'd expected visions of creeping shadows and her family fighting .
tr	NN	I gave a soft shrug .
tr	NN	The gate at the bottom hardly looked any nearer .
tr	NNS	No , her eyes weren 't playing tricks on her .
tr	NN	" And they want a lawyer on the other end of the phone , not some frantic paralegal on an assembly line .
tr	NNS	You may diminish their numbers , but as long as these Scoundrels exist among men , harmony will always be disrupted .
tr	NNS	According to Vivian , he just ran little errands for her .
tr	NNS	" He 's researching leads . "
tr	NN	Craig took pity on the crying , little one .
tr	NNS	But she could never have captured the innate wilderness wariness that he wore .
tr	NNS	Kennedy used her talents as the main social events coordinator .
tr	NN	The hollow point bullet tore away a large chunk from the side of the zombie 's neck .
tr	NN	Because only a few gifted ones among men can actually know the treasure within . "
tr	NN	Another African climbed up the stair in the open bomb bay door .
tr	NNS	You keep closer tabs on her than anyone so you know she hasn 't dated anyone in the past month . "
tr	NNS	He read all the reports , reviewed the latest blood chemistries .
tr	NNS	" This is giving me the creeps . "
tr	NN	Yes , that made her a slight tease , but she wasn 't feeling at all good about herself at the moment .
tr	NNS	She was traveling roads now the rest of them couldn 't even imagine .
tr	NNS	He nodded encouragingly , and her frown deepened .
tr	NN	He deviated half a millimeter .
tr	NN	Vane felt a strange urge to dip down until his face was in her line of sight .
tr	NNS	Kathleen rapped two knuckles on the door just beneath a miniature Christmas wreath .
tr	NN	Commissioner Winston requested the Governor to send a small military unit with trucks and other means to remove them .
tr	NNS	The women wore brightly colored gowns , amber yellow and blue were very popular , with white lace collars and long , flowing skirts .
tr	NN	You scared the crap out of me !
tr	NNS	" Jacqui will give you your medications before you leave this evening .
tr	NNS	I was carrying a million dollars in personal insurance .
tr	NN	He had a hunch that her career might be a bit off track , too , so he felt comfortable being completely honest .
tr	NN	Cool water drips on my hand , Grant must have secured a cold cloth to put on Ken 's neck .
tr	NNS	It was covered by what looked to be cuts , scratches and ... bite marks ?
tr	NNS	I love free trips . "
tr	NN	He had applied some industrial-strength denial to his experiences with SI despite freak encounters with monsters , magic , and human kindness .
tr	NN	Did I eat all the barbecue ? "
tr	NN	But with Ian comes responsibility .
tr	NNS	" I loathe surprises ! "
tr	NNS	Louie rubbed his palms together as if to warm his hands .
tr	NN	She met his gaze , surprise etched in her features .
tr	NNS	She regretted her petty remarks and was shaken by the accusation of being pretentious .
tr	NNS	After sleeping on the couch last night , she craved her mattress and pillow .
tr	NN	But you do have design talent , and I have the experience to guide you .
tr	NNS	The grass on the lawn still bore the fading whiteness of an overnight frost and the chill in the air hinted at the approaching winter .
tr	NNS	He had rights no man other than her brother ever had and he could hurt her , kill her even , if he wanted .
tr	NN	We can easily offer the latter as an inducement to abandon the former .
tr	NNS	I squeezed my thighs together , but instead of easing , the ache only grew .
tr	NN	What the crap is a powder room ?
tr	NNS	I don 't understand adults .
tr	NN	Eventually he produced a dark blue glass cube .
tr	NNS	" How do you kids put out these fires ? "
tr	NNS	" You value those birds because they talk , yet the one I have here is far better . "
tr	NNS	He heard the muted noises of distant traffic .
tr	NNS	They don 't send Reboots to their hometown .
tr	NNS	Until now he 's been ignoring our late payments . "
tr	NNS	I hit my captors almost immediately .
tr	NN	" Has anyone claimed responsibility ?
tr	NNS	The gardeners probably made those marks .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	THE FOLLOWING MORNING , Caleb started packing .
tr	NNS	We are still working the bugs out of the game and sincerely want no untoward experiences to happen in the future .
tr	NN	Fear crept up Duncan 's spine .
tr	NN	The wind took the cap to the very edge .
tr	NN	As the rest of the cast drifted in , I covered my confused jealousy by handing out phone lists that I 'd printed that morning .
tr	NN	He jerked the cruiser into gear and stomped the gas .
tr	NN	Sunlight touched her spill of yellow gold hair and the lashes that lay against her skin .
tr	NNS	She walked the aisles again looking for anything that needed her attention but found nothing .
tr	NNS	I noticed dark clouds blowing over the city .
tr	NN	Well , she apparently took a video of me and ... a friend ... in a dark corner .
tr	NN	She let out a strangled groan .
tr	NN	Here she is giving us advice of gold and you repay that girl with a handful of awkward moments . "
tr	NNS	She had the ties loosened in a few seconds .
tr	NNS	We are different , we have powers , most advanced compared to the natives we share this beautiful country with .
tr	NN	He considered that possibility , turning it over in his mind .
tr	NNS	He stroked her thighs apart and savored the sight of her glistening sex , then moved into position .
tr	NNS	Moonlight glinted off the blades .
tr	NNS	Taking up pursuit again , he could hear dogs suddenly barking excitedly .
tr	NN	He pictured the man bleeding to death on the beach , sacrificing himself to save them , the same people who had falsely accused and condemned him .
tr	NNS	Mark eyed the deep fried chunks in their small , paper container suspiciously .
tr	NNS	" And I didn 't make the knives for her . "
tr	NN	" We speak the same language . "
tr	NNS	" I 'm sorry , I do not know the specifics .
tr	NN	Most likely people are taking pity on her and bringing the strays to her brother , instead .
tr	NNS	The first guy to grow crops on Mars .
tr	NN	He caught the hem of her shirt and simply pulled it over her head before she had a chance to stop him .
tr	NNS	You have the same mannerisms when you work the weapon .
tr	NN	Everyone loved a good father-in-law who killed their parents or murdered their brothers .
tr	NN	He must have faith that Feng would eliminate him .
tr	NN	Haq always had his own agenda but once he worked out that he was behind Terminus in the queue he went rogue .
tr	NNS	Each time I heard the incoherent voice of someone speaking far below , my stomach would do back flips , making me lurch .
tr	NN	He heard her breath hitch in her chest , felt the frantic slide of her hands , the sharp edge of her nails raking his skin .
tr	NN	" Meredith , is Stefan a suspect ? "
tr	NN	The crew chief made a helpless gesture with both hands and rose , too .
tr	NN	We 're shooting a music video for this song next week and it 's off the record ' New Beginnings . '
tr	NN	A single vent in the ceiling provided the only breeze , and a frigid one at that .
tr	NN	Behind them , in the dappled shadows of the airport parking place , Bond vaguely heard the crackle of a motor scooter starting up .
tr	NN	I owe you a debt for this , and I will pay it as well as circumstances will allow . "
tr	NN	From the topmost shelf , which I never would have been able to reach , he pulled down a pillow and a fleece blanket .
tr	NNS	He can handle the Society 's politics from here on in .
tr	NNS	A servant had just taken our coats when I heard the president coming up a hallway .
tr	NNS	Desmond and Tony were standing a few yards away , their heads bent together as they spoke .
tr	NN	Torres held his pen over his pad and without moving his head , looked up at me .
tr	NN	Not that I haven 't always had complete faith in my father .
tr	NN	I want a good long bath and I want someone to talk to . "
tr	NNS	We were waiting behind the moms , about to go down for the last time , when I heard snickering .
tr	NN	He turned a scowl on Jax .
tr	NNS	So you 've got butterflies ?
tr	NNS	The giant got off two shots at me .
tr	NN	" Yep , " muttered Jack gloomily to himself as he walked .
tr	NNS	No other way could describe her private chambers .
tr	NNS	" We do have many regular clients here in the Phoenix area .
tr	NN	" The director has approved your involvement on this case , but you 're allowed to say no . "
tr	NN	He was living proof that the man makes the clothes , rather than the reverse .
tr	NNS	I 'll expect apologies from each and every one of you . "
tr	NN	I checked my condom supply and found an unopened box . "
tr	NN	Fortunately , he resisted the urge to give voice to what she could read on his face .
tr	NN	I turned the cube over in my hand .
tr	NNS	Crew chiefs and pilots exchanged hand signals ; engines fired up one by one .
tr	NNS	" With your patience , we will get all your baggage loaded quickly . "
tr	NN	The second , with two hearts , also a female was missing a toe .
tr	NNS	She was wearing flats and she had her makeup lightly applied , so that her eyes shined in a way that they hadn 't in weeks .
tr	NN	I raise the infrared to her , slowly , as if she is a skittish cat , and show her the screen , flicking it on .
tr	NN	Generally , she rested a hip or thigh against the table , sort of connecting in a way to the diners .
tr	NNS	Then the agents handed them cups of water and backed out of the room .
tr	NNS	She filled their plates with food .
tr	NNS	Jeff watched the crews on all three ships scurrying around to try to get as much speed as possible to try to outrun the Spanish .
tr	NNS	After an hour 's worth of calling I had garnered nine disconnected numbers , eleven voicemails and three actual people .
tr	NNS	Antonietta felt Tasha 's sudden stillness .
tr	NN	A chill went up her spine .
tr	NNS	I took no breaths as I reached out to shake his hand .
tr	NN	Jasmine put her fork down .
tr	NN	One of the family throws a sphere so we can take the shortcut .
tr	NNS	Fluffy squeezed her biceps affectionately .
tr	NN	Bitterness has replaced the good humor in her voice , and her eyes have lost their warmth .
tr	NNS	She gave Matthew five dollars .
tr	NN	He tossed his shirt off himself then unbuttoned the snap on her slacks .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the reins and I told her to hold on .
tr	NNS	So much so , she trampled her escalating doubts and tried on five outfits before choosing the silvery blue silk .
tr	NNS	I tugged the covers up around me .
tr	NNS	If the pay is attractive , then we can discuss families and marriages and football and churches .
tr	NN	" I owe Eric a favor . "
tr	NN	Trembling , she had only the option of hitting him in hopes to escape .
tr	NN	She liked her solitude , never felt the need to justify herself .
tr	NN	He failed and slipped off the saddle .
tr	NNS	They did not light any fires and tried to be as quiet as possible .
tr	NNS	' We 'll have enough supplies for the journey back ? '
tr	NNS	Seismic activity detected 700 yards east of perimeter .
tr	NN	He called her Danika when he wanted to keep distance between them .
tr	NNS	I followed his gaze and noticed Jess flirting with Dave again .
tr	NN	He chose the latter hoping he 'd made the right decision , and anyway he was feeling quite tired after the nights excitement .
tr	NN	You should have gotten hazardous duty credit on top of the agreed-upon fee . "
tr	NN	He slowly lifted the lid .
tr	NNS	Poor Tom , she thought dimly .
tr	NN	I snatched a small cluster loose and headed for the door .
tr	NNS	" And exclusive rights ? "
tr	NNS	He did two complete tours of the market periodically stopping to say hello and chat to people who were , in fact , suppliers to the base .
tr	NN	She fought the urge .
tr	NN	" Can I get a slice of pie ? "
tr	NN	" And love the Cady ? "
tr	NN	I do not despise his goal .
tr	NN	Hutchinson , the miller , was asking a small fortune , but a lot for him was not necessarily a lot for Myron and son .
tr	NNS	" I saw reports of people who had traveled from up north and crossed the presumably deserted mountain regions of Sector XXI .
tr	NNS	After all , none of the other teachers turned their unruly students into hamsters .
tr	NN	Did she detect a slight emotional tremble in his voice ?
tr	NN	I was just rejecting the package in which it was being sold to me .
tr	NNS	She could feel his fangs against her mouth , pressing against her as his excitement grew .
tr	NNS	They want the deeds , the legal deeds done .
tr	NN	With his feet tied , he couldn 't get any leverage .
tr	NNS	He almost dropped his reins from the pain of the blow and immediately turned his attention from the clearing .
tr	NNS	Even if none of the above were true , I had serious issues to work out with Vlad .
tr	NNS	He had long fingernails and a sharp face .
tr	NN	He can smell bacon frying in the kitchen .
tr	NN	Mitch attacked a thigh .
tr	NN	Damien felt his heart clench as he watched the sweet smile disappear as reality set in .
tr	NN	He gave her head a little pat .
tr	NNS	His growing smile showed more than a few gaps .
tr	NNS	You shaved off nine bucks . "
tr	NNS	They held levers , valves , and cranks , pushing and pulling in a backbreaking rhythm , but they weren 't really holding the machinery .
tr	NNS	She had rarely used her healing abilities on anyone else in the last few years .
tr	NN	-------------------- Sunday 8.30 p.m. .
tr	NNS	" So what classes do we have together ? "
tr	NNS	That 's right , even here in Parma , Dockery can 't escape the ghosts of his past .
tr	NN	" It is what I want , " Ashe handed his menu to the waitress .
tr	NNS	Before long , I was getting offers to work with high-profile horses .
tr	NNS	The older gentlemen followed his helpers inside and took his time becoming seated , eyes fixed on the group across the room .
tr	NNS	" Some of the staff take their smoking breaks down there . "
tr	NN	Tell your boy toy that you 'll be back and will remain unharmed .
tr	NN	He wore a baseball cap on his head , his white t-shirt tucked in the back pocket of his cargo pants .
tr	NN	At fourteen , he 'd traded his virginity for a bowl of cold porridge and a cup of soured milk .
tr	NN	Braden gave my hand a squeeze .
tr	NNS	Just because of one episode , that didn 't mean she was fulfilling her father 's expectations of her morals .
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	We 've had reports that the planet they held Myka at prior to Hesperia has been attacked . "
tr	NNS	Everybody watched the sisters as they moved along the table , hoping to find two empty seats .
tr	NNS	She proves her superior memorization abilities when she has the information stowed away in only a few minutes .
tr	NN	If you succeed you join the coven .
tr	NNS	His fingers could completely lap her upper biceps .
tr	NNS	He had missed no fewer than five clean blocks against the Bandits .
tr	NN	The woman scowled her displeasure at him .
tr	NN	I can hear the disgust with himself in his voice .
tr	NN	As realisation dawned , Claire felt the blood drain from her own face .
tr	NN	Rock and roll attitude .
tr	NNS	Just now , only one other man stalked the aisles .
tr	NN	Get your little butt in the house right now ! "
tr	NNS	Liz would pay us a thousand dollars when I brought her the proof .
tr	NN	" You can review the material in the private section of the library .
tr	NNS	Normally , it took category five wizards a couple of days to finish this particular enchantment but it looked like she 'd finish it in moments .
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths , looking away , his rage deflating out of him , and I could see the reason flowing back in .
tr	NN	They also didn 't have an unplanned pregnancy confining their moves this time .
tr	NNS	Offered me one hundred thousand dollars to stay out of any further investigations . "
tr	NN	Then I grabbed my backpack and left the smell of Nuala behind me .
tr	NNS	I tried a few different seductive positions , but couldn 't figure out one that I felt was both comfortable and sexy .
tr	NN	" You 'd better get your furry little butt back here ! "
tr	NNS	His fast moving fist sent a rush of air just inches past my face .
tr	NNS	By then , he 'd drawn several conclusions .
tr	NN	You could have used fashion tape to hold the hair in place , but we don 't want to do anything we don 't have to .
tr	NN	He was carrying a bouquet of flowers , which he thrust in Laura 's direction .
tr	NN	His mouth took possession where his hand had been .
tr	NN	He could accept the physical attraction , even though the intensity might be disastrous .
tr	NN	" Well , as they say , ' the early bird gets the worm . '
tr	NNS	I 'll never forget my sisters from college . "
tr	NN	As great as the meeting had gone , the added support didn 't guarantee success .
tr	NNS	She took her knives down and tucked them in various hidden sheaths .
tr	NNS	She searched the rags with her nose .
tr	NN	" I have a hairbrush in my purse . "
tr	NNS	He eyes my roses curiously and looks down at his own offering of a small bunch of carnations .
tr	NNS	With great restraint and sense of will , Tasha took graceful , little bites .
tr	NNS	Straightening couch cushions and throwing out mail .
tr	NNS	I love the twins , but wish the circumstances were different .
tr	NN	" Oh fuck ... fuck , fuck .
tr	NN	" Did you use protection ? "
tr	NN	Claire quickly loaded her email and clicked open .
tr	NNS	Wayne said in-between bites of his pancakes .
tr	NNS	The pains of guilt then overwhelmed the aches of his battered body .
tr	NN	Remember , only you are allowed this privilege .
tr	NNS	" Fuck his brains out , man . "
tr	NNS	The pawnbroker tapped his fingernails against the carved leaves .
tr	NNS	We have about a hundred cameras in there , but you can 't watch them all at once , so they scroll through .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to press my body against his and run my hands through his hair .
tr	NN	He doesn 't wear an insignia .
tr	NNS	Sunday morning , before driving across the bay to church , Joni trashed the dead roses .
tr	NNS	James opened her thighs , locked her hands above her head , and stared into her eyes .
tr	NNS	He hooked his thumbs beneath the elastic of her cotton panties so he could remove them at the same time as her jeans .
tr	NNS	Saul snapped his reins .
tr	NNS	" It takes loneliness in oneself to recognize it in another . "
tr	NNS	They washed away the scorched rags of the burnt ones .
tr	NN	Human illnesses do not have any effect on us .
tr	NN	She heard some feet padding about , and the bedroom door close .
tr	NNS	David and I resumed our positions on either side of the bed .
tr	NN	She folded up the towel .
tr	NNS	And , " he admitted under his breath as he let them in the house , " I don 't actually have any other patients . "
tr	NN	" May I at least ask what item you 're talking about ? "
tr	NN	The first taste of her made his head spin .
tr	NN	I came up spitting and sputtering .
tr	NN	She managed a shrug .
tr	NN	We can resist our duty with logic , we can find reasons to turn aside , but the prophecy will not be fulfilled because we almost obeyed .
tr	NN	She barely stamped down the urge to shove him in anger .
tr	NN	If you threaten me again , I 'll change your threat status to definite , and I 'll act on it . "
tr	NNS	Now I could hear the fire engines , and I blessed every person who was coming to help .
tr	NN	Several tourists were holding up traffic as they stood in the street ahead , taking pictures of the Freedom Tower .
tr	NN	I 'll get your info in case Maddox wants to take you up on that . "
tr	NNS	Nothing in the world mattered to her except her own will , her own desires .
tr	NN	He heard the lock 's tumblers release .
tr	NNS	" I told Jess not to get all worked up over you .
tr	NNS	He was laughing and biting back jokes .
tr	NN	The duke had ordered a bath drawn for her , and her hair was still wet , chilled in the night air .
tr	NNS	Where did she get those numbers , anyway ?
tr	NN	A male Reboot held open a shower curtain and one of the girls slipped behind it with him .
tr	NN	Marcus , the oldest Sullivan , took a silent vote from his siblings before turning to Smith and saying , " Go meet Smith Junior and Jackie .
tr	NNS	He 'd explained the basics of this program no fewer than five times and she still didn 't get it .
tr	NNS	They sent enough ships to battle one-on-one against the human fleet .
tr	NNS	" I heard noises . "
tr	NN	On one wall hang a painting of Mary , the mother of Jesus Christ .
tr	NN	Then he rounded the hill , saw what lay past it , and breathed in sharply : a school .
tr	NNS	He rubbed the short hairs , and she could almost feel the scratch of his beard against the curve of her shoulder .
tr	NN	I placed the empty fire extinguisher back in its case and sat at the desk in my office .
tr	NNS	Her friends were inside , all wearing the same matching T-shirts .
tr	NNS	I know my own capabilities . "
tr	NNS	" They have the most amazing rides here .
tr	NN	Pia had thrown down the gauntlet .
tr	NN	Asked the magistrate in surprise .
tr	NN	Theo had no option but to take it .
tr	NNS	The man doesn 't take cheap shots at the woman .
tr	NNS	He adjusted mirrors , the seat , the seat belt , and for a good five minutes went through the preflight as the Fiat warmed itself .
tr	NN	He had the whole drill down .
tr	NN	Laughing , Jolene opened the fridge .
tr	NN	" I don 't want an exam !
tr	NN	In this case , I asked the lab to use uranium dating .
tr	NN	They had abandoned the goose chase and were calling from the real list of volunteers .
tr	NNS	To ensure that didn 't happen , Tessa also bought more writing supplies whenever she could .
tr	NNS	She threw the cards on the table .
tr	NN	A guy knew lust when he saw it .
tr	NN	It made my head spin .
tr	NNS	Scanning through the windshield , he could see his father 's cattle gathered together in a huddle .
tr	NN	Jenny 's nimble fingers removed the red ribbon and carefully placed it on the coffee table .
tr	NN	Evie zips up her backpack slowly .
tr	NN	Barret absorbed the mockery .
tr	NN	He wore his soldier 's uniform , and had saddlebags slung over his shoulder .
tr	NN	She raised the rifle slowly , but deliberately .
tr	NN	He held the pen out to her .
tr	NNS	They told students to arrive around ten A.M. " " I 've never been very good at playing by the rules . "
tr	NNS	' -- eat nothing but toasted sandwiches in plastic bags , and boast about something called The Big Turnip that looks like a small pumpkin . '
tr	NNS	Alec 's voice could turn driving directions into foreplay .
tr	NNS	He loved her breasts .
tr	NNS	The reference to the great Battle of Vicksburg during the Civil War stirred the delegates .
tr	NN	You could feed a small nation with what was left .
tr	NNS	" In my homeland , we decorate the pillars and make them pleasing to the eye with flutes and carvings .
tr	NNS	He donned his heat-sensitive goggles and scanned the area .
tr	NNS	She could feel their hearts beating together again .
tr	NNS	I am contacting the rescue ships .
tr	NNS	I 'd get the PR folks cranking out the propaganda .
tr	NNS	I recognized his tone , I recognized his movements .
tr	NN	As her body tensed , she gripped his manhood , still hard within her , and caused another groan to escape him .
tr	NNS	Then JFK pressed both palms into the arms of his chair and said " Well !
tr	NN	She could barely read the menu , so petrified of what was going to happen between the two of them .
tr	NN	Remember , I really don 't have solid proof , just a whole bunch of coincidences and hunches .
tr	NNS	Michael read all the items , raising his eyebrows at some , smiling slightly at others .
tr	NNS	Forward thinking scientists and researchers have made discoveries which have shaped and altered the course of human history .
tr	NNS	He moved back a few inches to tear open the robe so they could touch - flesh to flesh .
tr	NNS	" Who in her right mind would spend more than three hundred dollars to make a sweater set ? "
tr	NN	She had such vivid coloring , he wouldn 't expect her to blush prettily , but she did .
tr	NN	" They 're collecting material .
tr	NN	Growling , he rolled her panther over onto her belly and covered her body with his .
tr	NNS	They didn 't leave fingerprints .
tr	NN	I played hockey last night and my legs are beat . "
tr	NN	With hybrids , we never know the extent of your abilities . "
tr	NN	He kissed her temple and said , " It 's a surprise , " for the millionth time .
tr	NNS	He took the stairs three at a time , heedless of any possible threats .
tr	NNS	And then we can sort out union issues and get him up there . "
tr	NN	As he closed the door the draught blew out the candle .
tr	NN	" Including the terrace ? "
tr	NNS	" You can 't trace addresses through them .
tr	NN	He begged the Fat Man to leave his daughter alone , to let them settle the affair as men .
tr	NNS	Gabrielle had connections she was not sharing .
tr	NN	Setting the ruminations aside , she studied the menu .
tr	NNS	And don 't blow out the candles the way you always do .
tr	NN	Zander enjoys the chase .
tr	NNS	I 'm presenting closing arguments in court this morning . "
tr	NNS	Jon took off his goggles and stared down at the top of Feng 's head .
tr	NN	Her taste ... so sweet , like a snowstorm after a millennium of fire .
tr	NN	Here , " she said , gripping a bedpost .
tr	NN	As an afterthought , she checked her mother 's closet .
tr	NN	I 'd expected a bouncy Katy Perry tune , or even some hair metal from the 80s like Poison .
tr	NN	And don 't say I should take my own advice . "
tr	NN	He steps down another stair and then another , closing in on me like the damn walls always do .
tr	NN	She stripped the gown off him and helped him back into his clothes .
tr	NNS	The entrance opened its jaws .
tr	NN	Saber swallowed her protest and slid from the desk .
tr	NN	Mari and Tutu shouted advice at him as he pulled me to the door .
tr	NN	I don 't want any bloodshed before the ceremony .
tr	NNS	However , maybe seeing their leaders in uniform would help give the men a sense of cohesion .
tr	NN	He still doesn 't say anything , just walks back and forth as if he 's plotting an attack .
tr	NNS	Then we put the vegetables in .
tr	NN	One of them had a long needle in his hands and was going around poking the guards in their foot and in their behind .
tr	NN	She carried the briefcase past it all to a small back room .
tr	NN	When he went out to their house , he found the rifle in the barn with residue still fresh on the barrel .
tr	NNS	We can 't lead a dozen spears up the Mountain .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any special powers .
tr	NNS	This time the twins met twins .
tr	NNS	He had tried chemicals , laser probes , tiny implants but the person who had been Alyssa Marsh survived them all .
tr	NNS	We 're having twins .
tr	NN	" Crap , I need a cloth . "
tr	NNS	Stage managers always have extra napkins .
tr	NN	And you 've damaged his reputation . "
tr	NNS	The center had three floors aboveground and five underneath .
tr	NN	Then he remembered Adrian 's advice to make sure he left it behind when the time came .
tr	NN	As soon as Johnny unchained Sam , Joshua gave Mister the command to attack with the clicking sound of his tongue .
tr	NN	It took bitter willpower , as she had plenty to say , but she refused to give him the satisfaction .
tr	NNS	" Animals have no rights to the land .
tr	NNS	Her arms and legs bore harsh red marks against her pale skin .
tr	NNS	Danny and Calvin resumed their positions before Calvin prowled his way to the drums sharing a moment with Raphael .
tr	NN	It gave off a pleasant , woodsy aroma .
tr	NN	Carter and Mendoza got a glimpse of the goon in the hallway and exchanged glances before the door closed .
tr	NN	The moon pulls the tide , and her grief pulls me .
tr	NN	Carrying an assault rifle ?
tr	NN	I found a rock resting next to a small trickling creek .
tr	NN	Roses of all colors with soft , inviting petals and beautiful fragrance to please her .
tr	NN	You broke the Law in coming here like you did , and the Clave won 't overlook that , or be generous about letting you leave . "
tr	NNS	" It certainly raises doubts as to the sincerity of your confession . "
tr	NNS	The estate itself now consisted of one point seven million dollars , excluding the house and real estate .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Caldwell placed several dishes into the sink .
tr	NNS	Then he understood the reactions , or lack of reactions , that he saw around him .
tr	NNS	Leaning forward , he scraped his fangs over the skin alongside her neck .
tr	NNS	" I have certain abilities .
tr	NN	They finally had proof that it was causing harmful side effects on some of the employees .
tr	NN	His palm cupped her bare thigh , then slid upward .
tr	NN	If so , I was signing my own death warrant .
tr	NN	" Little illusion worker . "
tr	NN	Josh kept digging around under the sink as he talked .
tr	NN	She saw his jaw clench for a brief moment as if biting down his frustration .
tr	NN	I appreciated his caution even as I longed for his touch .
tr	NNS	For the most part , Eva ignored Owen 's attempts to talk to her .
tr	NN	Someone is registering the man and woman bickering .
tr	NNS	The office grunt had probably printed out driving directions from the internet and clipped them to her itinerary .
tr	NN	" So how much longer do you think grandpa ? "
tr	NNS	We loaded up everybody 's plates and sat down at one of many picnic tables that had been set up for the party .
tr	NN	The newcomer had a grimy patch over his eye , a decided limp , and a stench like putrid flesh .
tr	NN	Coffee prevents cancer ! "
tr	NN	At its peak , the old Martian culture had occupied a fifth of the planet 's surface , leaving the rest as it had found it .
tr	NNS	" We offer classes , Ms. Hollis .
tr	NNS	SEALs have teams , which are organized into warfare groups .
tr	NNS	So far she had completed two novels and was midway through the third .
tr	NNS	" You have squandered centuries of Le Coeur heritage in less than a decade .
tr	NNS	She had put two plates of food beside me .
tr	NNS	From where he was standing Magnus could see three apartments formerly occupied by friends and lovers .
tr	NN	She would make just the right impression on his editor and his agent .
tr	NN	Huff stirred more cream into his coffee .
tr	NN	He has the latest instruction to wrap it up fast as he had to report to his original duties shortly .
tr	NNS	Leah , you 'll plant the sunflower seeds along the edges . "
tr	NN	" Kasey , my name means honey .
tr	NNS	" That guy gives me the creeps ! "
tr	NNS	They still had no leads .
tr	NN	While they were growing up , Tamsin had been just like an angry lioness protecting her cub , albeit she was a powerless one .
tr	NN	Funny how both the McGill and Mary had a collection of these coins .
tr	NNS	She dropped the waffles on the sofa and sat down .
tr	NN	Henrietta pulled the receiver from her ear again , twisting her lips into a pronounced grimace as she did .
tr	NNS	Leaving me to it , Sally produced cheerful noises at the sink .
tr	NN	He gave a thumbs-up and reported , " Doors show open , thirty seconds to release . "
tr	NNS	They let out shrieking whistles and dashed mindlessly around the room .
tr	NN	" Why the loyalty to the Vampire Council ? "
tr	NN	She knocked my fork away with hers to defend the potatoes from me , but I got a fork in anyway .
tr	NN	I pushed the old , rickety furniture out of the way and hopped over the rest .
tr	NN	She had won a small fortune .
tr	NN	And he just left the rock star without giving him some answers .
tr	NN	" You got that nightgown ? "
tr	NNS	She traced the numbers carefully .
tr	NNS	' All the rooms have themes . '
tr	NN	An unnamed terrorist group has claimed responsibility .
tr	NNS	Laura made half-hearted efforts at small talk , but she had never been good at chit-chat and it was an awkward and nerve wracking situation .
tr	NN	" Not one damned detail .
tr	NNS	Despite his sore muscles and exhaustion , he could gradually feel his skills coming back .
tr	NN	Ali bumped Spencer 's hip .
tr	NN	He is waving a scroll . "
tr	NN	" You 're not taking a squad ? "
tr	NNS	A chorus of screams assaulted his aural senses as smoke and fire toyed with the rest of them .
tr	NNS	Small green , red and brown warts covered her breasts and thighs .
tr	NN	Once he was on the ocean , time had no meaning .
tr	NNS	" I understand your restrictions . "
tr	NN	' Natasha has your aircraft got a make-up mirror ? '
tr	NNS	You 're using physical capabilities to heal , but not mental .
tr	NN	Gage let out a whoop of delight .
tr	NN	What manner of diabolical beast is he ? "
tr	NNS	" For five dollars ? "
tr	NN	Kiernan 's voice had a slight rasp , which always made her want to clear her throat .
tr	NN	You can see a steel railway leading up into a nearby mountain .
tr	NN	She opened the drawer where she 'd found the stationery the day before , but it was gone .
tr	NN	I started digging in my purse again , this time looking for an elastic band to pull my hair back .
tr	NN	Instead of sharing her thoughts , she simply nodded and followed the nurse back out to the emergency room entrance .
tr	NN	Neil played the tape Hunter had given him .
tr	NN	Instead , he walked home along the highway -- alone -- his mind in a muddle of confusion and his heart in pain .
tr	NN	In small groups , the sheriff , his deputies , their prisoners , and the persons of interest all started down the hill .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down my spine .
tr	NN	The document even had a color diagram depicting the three-inch long , eight gauge cranial injection needle , and the proper placement for larval injection .
tr	NN	" You can cancel the doctor 's appointment . "
tr	NNS	He regretted the ruthlessness he needed to rely on , but right now his life depended on it .
tr	NN	Jane knew that gesture , and she softened .
tr	NNS	In my true form , I have beautiful blue scales , sharp golden eyes , and powerful horns that spiral from my head .
tr	NN	Holding it up for us , her finger touches the low branch on the right-hand side .
tr	NN	I downed the soda I brought in Angel 's gigantic purse , while she asked , " Joey , what family is he from ? "
tr	NNS	I fell backwards , through the coffee table .
tr	NNS	" Ten thousand dollars . "
tr	NNS	We must stop these diseases now , and reclaim our home .
tr	NNS	I brought an extra round of Tequila shots for you - on the house . "
tr	NNS	You squeezed the last drops out of the ketchup bottle and the last dab of toothpaste out of the tube .
tr	NNS	I 've explained to you the dangers of catching Lyme disease from the ticks in the woods .
tr	NNS	" I have many assets outside of New York , my lovely .
tr	NNS	" Before the Christians ? "
tr	NNS	Anyway , Mrs. Perkins was wearing white slacks and a red blouse that highlighted her trim figure .
tr	NNS	For you , Mr. Peterman , a nominal fee of ten thousand dollars . "
tr	NNS	It took him three trips .
tr	NN	The resulting noise made her cringe .
tr	NN	Walter took his umbrella from Jenna and lifted it up .
tr	NNS	William took a few quick paces around the room , blood lust no longer a concern , the look of comprehension dawning in his emerald green eyes .
tr	NNS	Timmy ushered Bugs and Gabriel aboard a carriage .
tr	NNS	" Because he thinks you gave Sam closer to three pints .
tr	NNS	He set out the supplies on a wide table .
tr	NNS	Bert and Ned had gotten their pet boxers trained to do manual chores of a low caliber , and not to eat each other .
tr	NNS	We appreciate their little joys in our shop . '
tr	NNS	Her eyes looked mystical .
tr	NN	" Tell me the code phrase , " he said firmly . "
tr	NNS	Chapter Thirteen : Holy Matrimony ; Together Forever Elizabeth was walking the dogs down the path to the river , enjoying this early morning time to herself .
tr	NN	" I 've missed hot chocolate .
tr	NNS	Or maybe you 're just making excuses for him . "
tr	NN	I had the sudden and gripping realization that she was scared .
tr	NN	In fact , he would have a stroke if that fact were brought to his attention .
tr	NN	I resist the urge to gloat and move into the dressing room , my skin tingly and my pulse pounding .
tr	NNS	You bear his twins . "
tr	NN	Rubi had pinpointed the design that had landed Lexi the spread in American Bride , which had in turn led to the partnership offer .
tr	NN	I lifted the material between pinched fingers .
tr	NN	His voice had a quality to it that made me weak in the knees .
tr	NN	On my way , I grabbed up my own soda , popped the top , and took a healthy swig .
tr	NN	Connor propped the mop against the wall and grinned at them , happy to be interrupted .
tr	NNS	Ask your fathers if they show their courage by stoning women . "
tr	NNS	As they visit with Nicholas and Kayla , Andrew makes arrangements for us to travel in a private jet .
tr	NN	He should command more respect than that .
tr	NN	He wore a heather gray tee and deep blue jeans that fit him perfectly .
tr	NNS	I made your favorite dishes -- minestrone , rigatoni , and fresh panini . "
tr	NN	The story it reminded her of , had made a huge impression on her young mind .
tr	NN	He needed a bawling out , but I gave him a big hug instead .
tr	NNS	I 've always looked eleven .
tr	NN	" Besides the damn desert . "
tr	NNS	They had families , friends , futures , dreams .
tr	NNS	Japanese cuisine with its slithers of fish and vegetables required the sharpest knives in the world , so he knew he would be spoilt for choice .
tr	NNS	They made better companions . "
tr	NNS	Our parenting plan spells out my visitation rights and I have them for two weeks every summer , spring break and a week at Christmas .
tr	NN	Rena gave his hands a squeeze and said , " It 's just me .
tr	NN	I picked up my fork .
tr	NN	I 'd already given my fire demonstration , so I thought it was time for a levitation show .
tr	NN	If the butterfly 's wings were bigger would it have a greater effect ?
tr	NN	" How can I take credit for my appearance ?
tr	NN	The first world has lost a quarter of their population already .
tr	NN	She covered a yawn , but didn 't go back to sleep .
tr	NN	She was helping another customer by the time the other salesgirl returned with my purchase .
tr	NN	It pronounced the last " t " with emphasis .
tr	NN	He plunged the sponge into the water , squeezed it almost dry , and started cleaning up his mess .
tr	NNS	I ask , clueless to what he 's talking about .
tr	NN	When it passed , she poured over the scroll once more .
tr	NNS	" I thought white roses and baby 's breath , since it was a moon ceremony . "
tr	NNS	Command received reports that the Canadians and Europeans used metallic covers to protect themselves from the Patriot missiles .
tr	NNS	He took my goggles off .
tr	NN	He 's done no harm to anyone .
tr	NN	" I got ta confess , I can 't take credit for the sensitivity .
tr	NN	Julia had a hunch he 'd be the one to beat .
tr	NNS	Our friends ... are taking practical jokes too far sometimes , " Selena nervously grinned .
tr	NNS	and took a few deep breaths .
tr	NNS	Naturally , Sally quickly checked her instincts .
tr	NNS	Tonight , shortly after nightfall , I will let the servants out through the supply gate to return home to the village .
tr	NNS	The others nodded greetings .
tr	NNS	Ali carefully studied his credentials , " She 's upstairs in my room .
tr	NNS	" You 've met my half sisters .
tr	NNS	" The man see his rivals !
tr	NN	My group liberated this clan back on Pandora 2 and I 've kept them with me ever since . "
tr	NNS	Then he pulled the covers back and crawled into the bed .
tr	NNS	Besides , I 've defiled enough future historical sites for now .
tr	NNS	Her coat covered their shivering figures .
tr	NNS	He must have helpers . "
tr	NNS	" Seven hundred dollars .
tr	NNS	He released the blades and I caught them .
tr	NNS	" I 've been practicing my folding skills .
tr	NNS	Either way , they both know the dangers of it and keep moving in the path of a boxer .
tr	NNS	She may have even batted her eyelashes , but my anger had returned , so I couldn 't be sure .
tr	NN	The painter hadn 't done her justice , but who could ?
tr	NN	I watched a little college football on television , but avoided any news especially the local news .
tr	NNS	James washed the dishes and handed them to me to dry .
tr	NN	The dark and murky water looked foreboding , as though it had secrets buried far beneath its surface .
tr	NNS	He reappeared just inches in front of Abraham and wrapped his hand around the old Incubus ' throat .
tr	NN	He cupped my butt , lifting me higher against his hot mouth , and increased the pressure .
tr	NN	He pulled a marker out of his pocket and tossed it to her .
tr	NN	" I have a proposition for you . "
tr	NNS	He put his palms on my cheeks and drew me close to him .
tr	NN	I shoved Rigel forcibly from my mind , and by the time the bell rang I 'd remembered most of my French from last year .
tr	NN	We 'll move the furniture into the Beauchamp 's new Habitat for Humanity house Monday morning .
tr	NNS	As her casket passed each man , they held up their blades and crossed them at the tip as her pall bearers walked underneath .
tr	NN	Then shall the lame man leap as a hart , and the tongue of the dumb shall sing .
tr	NNS	The old take positions close to the cave entrance for expediency .
tr	NNS	Her eager response to lovemaking only fed the fires inside him , pushing at him to take more , to give more .
tr	NN	Then , a split-second later , the dark red burst struck their hull and damaged it greatly .
tr	NN	And if I was with my love I 'd do my duty .
tr	NN	She 'd thought the introduction of that superpower this early would disrupt a balance that hadn 't yet been found .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her pounding temples , massaged her tight neck .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to gag .
tr	NNS	She only understood bits and pieces , most of it exclamations , oaths , and speculation as to why the king would do such a dastardly thing .
tr	NNS	Inside the gym , we run all sorts of sprints and shooting drills and practice free throws .
tr	NNS	She imitated his motions as best she could .
tr	NN	Tim rubbed his beard .
tr	NNS	Russ reads directions off a piece of paper and his grandfather makes the necessary turns .
tr	NNS	I cast my troubles to the floor As I pass through the golden door , Forgetting every trial and fear For there is only comfort here .
tr	NN	Rebecca sees the annoyance on Matt 's face before he can hide it .
tr	NN	I 've got a reputation as a liar at my old work and I 'd like to clear my name . "
tr	NN	I expect a full recovery .
tr	NN	The roof held a great skylight that covered nearly a full third of the ceiling .
tr	NN	I twirled the pen around in my fingers .
tr	NN	I have a landscape of flowers , not trees .
tr	NN	She too knew the misery of loss , having bereaved two husbands and two children in their infancy .
tr	NN	And was everything getting dimmer because the flashlight was dying , or was it my eyes that had stopped working ?
tr	NN	" We 'll shorten sail now while we 've chance . "
tr	NNS	Mr. Melamed placed several coins on the table .
tr	NNS	I will not make excuses for all the ways they treat the people around them like garbage .
tr	NNS	A few were wearing business suits and carrying briefcases .
tr	NNS	That revelation gave the statues , frozen in time and given wavering shadows by the flickering light of the torches , a new , unsettling light .
tr	NNS	Please send Mab and Oberon my apologies .
tr	NNS	When he reached the end of the pool , he stopped and pulled off his goggles .
tr	NN	We passed the cafe .
tr	NNS	Kate added her apologies and the detectives left after cautioning them to stay home and not to open the door to strangers .
tr	NNS	She maneuvered the handlebars back and forth as each gust of wind jostled her from behind and bounced the airship off course .
tr	NNS	I followed directions mutely , and soon the room had stilled , although I was still shaking and terrified .
tr	NNS	I took out two plates and dished the potatoes onto them .
tr	NN	She felt the blood drain from her face , leaving her dizzy and weary .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to the same .
tr	NN	She handed me the info .
tr	NNS	Which leaves the doctors and the surgeons involved . '
tr	NN	He took a mouthful and stared at John Paul , then paused from chewing .
tr	NNS	Several others have reported sightings of the beautiful dark-haired man instead . "
tr	NNS	I 'll make the arrangements right now .
tr	NN	Her fingers gave my elbow a squeeze .
tr	NNS	I like politics , so I especially enjoy political humor and the late-night guys are the best . "
tr	NN	I resist the urge to stare at Jael , knowing he probably expects it .
tr	NN	Percival watched the knight as he stared at the gate of the city .
tr	NN	Kowalski hit a ridge at full speed and jumped the buggy into the air .
tr	NNS	It 's covering its tracks very well , something that younger vampires are not so discreet about , and tend not to do .
tr	NNS	The boy handed the reins to Levi , " Sir , I didn 't know you rode a Guardian horse .
tr	NN	" I don 't have a condom on me . "
tr	NN	Understandably , they get the wrong impression about the service we 're providing for their loved ones .
tr	NNS	The onyx didn 't block his healing powers .
tr	NNS	Henderson starts the engines .
tr	NNS	Creeping and crawling beneath the surface of his skin lay parasites .
tr	NN	" Viggo brought back a supply yesterday . "
tr	NN	Damn small-town police department ... " Piper , it 's not as bad as it sounds . "
tr	NNS	" And we don 't want these folks to be found .
tr	NNS	I have some interviews this week . "
tr	NN	His smile held no humor , nor did it light his eyes , but was a mere flash of strong white teeth .
tr	NN	We reached the shed ; Nic inspected the place with typical FBI precision .
tr	NN	" You made a roast ? "
tr	NNS	So , she sent her sons and daughters to the distant corners of the world , telling them to recruit as many as they could .
tr	NN	As you know , we have detected a weakened kidney and have grown another one for him .
tr	NN	" Get out , please , " my yell turning into a whisper , as the energy in my voice drained .
tr	NN	I was tucking a brand new white blouse into the waistband of my jeans .
tr	NNS	I pressed my thighs together for no reason whatsoever and ignored the building warmth in my lower belly .
tr	NN	Caius pointed up the hill .
tr	NNS	President Davis knew the capabilities of Mexico because he studied them for years .
tr	NNS	You also have increased body temperature , body aches and hallucinations to look forward to .
tr	NN	I stifle a yawn with the back of my hand .
tr	NN	" She has arrived your majesty . "
tr	NNS	And he was checking out my C cups .
tr	NNS	He grasped her thighs and found her slick , damp folds with his tongue , drawing her into his mouth the same way she was taking him .
tr	NNS	" I likely deserve your wariness and suspicion .
tr	NN	He picked a handful of purple blossoms and carried them to Ann 's Deli .
tr	NN	You have the option of dying peacefully right there on the floor and passing away to one of those other planes .
tr	NN	I feel the crushing grief when he realizes that I 'm gone .
tr	NNS	He had amazing camouflage skills .
tr	NNS	Yet we that remain cannot forsake our companions while we have strength left .
tr	NN	She takes the manuscript .
tr	NNS	She ran her long fingernails over him .
tr	NNS	He gave her all the right signals to only push her away .
tr	NNS	And , as one , they opened their mouths and spoke .
tr	NNS	Josie batted her eyelashes .
tr	NNS	They rehearse their own illusions , until reality takes a turn and they are asked to rehearse for other things .
tr	NNS	" You will need numbers if you want this protest to work .
tr	NN	His thumb and forefinger gripped the nipple , applying pressure and twisting lightly .
tr	NNS	He 'd gotten offers , of course , to lecture at prestigious universities and give talks at mathematical conferences .
tr	NNS	Seth didn 't like her chances .
tr	NN	" He can use some hard-core spirit compulsion to make her forget everything later . "
tr	NNS	" Call off the dogs ! "
tr	NNS	And since they 're not dead ... yet ... we have zero issues with heirs or probate .
tr	NN	She let the frequency flow , of instincts and calculation .
tr	NNS	I shuddered at the eerie image and sat down on one of the uncomfortably firm red sofas that filled the family Cinema .
tr	NN	They trust your timing . "
tr	NNS	I never had sisters . "
tr	NN	Sexton felt his body stiffen .
tr	NNS	I love dogs . "
tr	NNS	" I would prescribe medications for depression .
tr	NN	She finally pushed open the umbrella and she crossed their front lawn .
tr	NNS	Nadiya took several slow deep breaths .
tr	NNS	He 'd passed medical ethics 101 .
tr	NN	" And slowly take out your ID .
tr	NN	Roman saw the humor in the situation even if Rick didn 't .
tr	NNS	Walking toward the back bedroom , he notices a few drops of blood on the floor .
tr	NNS	Werewolves don 't need superhuman abilities when just being a wolf makes them more than a man , or in my case , a woman .
tr	NN	Which left only one option .
tr	NNS	She had chores to do and none of them involved an argument .
tr	NN	And she topped off the outfit with a pair of hip hugging jeans that almost made me groan .
tr	NN	He shook off the nagging ache around his eyes and walked out onto the concourse and towards the taxi rank .
tr	NNS	" You didn 't hear the hoof beats ? "
tr	NNS	We will be discussing grave issues after dinner , but for now , let 's enjoy together !
tr	NN	He gave her a brief handshake and slipped his hand off hers .
tr	NNS	" Promise me you won 't kill Maximus and I 'll tell you what I know of my location . "
tr	NNS	She hoarded dogs . "
tr	NN	Then he tosses out almost all Jarvis 's treasure to reduce the weight .
tr	NNS	I dug my fingernails into his shoulder one final time , my favorite new trick , and his h * ps snapped forward .
tr	NNS	She heard the shots of the rifle and then the horrible sound of jaguars fighting .
tr	NN	Her fingertips deepened the massage , never faltering from their purpose .
tr	NN	All races used strike craft : they were small , single or double pilot ships .
tr	NN	If you 're going to fight with us , you 'll need some instruction . "
tr	NNS	My dad had finished chores in the barn and was coming towards me when it happened .
tr	NN	She spread out a napkin and peeled the wrap from around the sandwich while Paul scanned the loan application .
tr	NN	" Have you used this code recently ? "
tr	NN	Pulling back the curtain to look outside even though it was pitch black and you could see nothing .
tr	NNS	I gave the camera a thumbs up .
tr	NNS	Somebody tipped off the feds because they were waiting on that truck for a couple of days . "
tr	NNS	" Yes , but our esteemed Grand Leader has experts working night and day to block out Frank .
tr	NNS	As a cop he 'd been here before , had brought victims in , dealt with the doctors .
tr	NNS	She sounded breathless by the time she 'd finished .
tr	NNS	She inspected her surroundings .
tr	NN	Yawning again , Michaels nodded and departed the lab , hoping that he wouldn 't need to return before it was put back together .
tr	NNS	then back came my loneliness .
tr	NN	I think the best option for you is to return to Turkey . "
tr	NN	He had a secret , makeshift shack in the woods where he stockpiled a collection of homemade napalm in old mason jars .
tr	NN	She also tried the contraption that Sera had designed to keep Emma 's pacifier on .
tr	NN	She found a large bolder and eased down onto the cold surface .
tr	NN	He handed his rifle to his partner .
tr	NNS	He shifted up another few inches .
tr	NNS	I studied the rich red colored roses .
tr	NNS	Kell 's covered his tracks quite well , but the less the authorities hear , the better , eh ?
tr	NN	She set up an entire lab out at the old lodge near the falls .
tr	NN	For the first time , I noticed the familial resemblance among the three of them .
tr	NN	Gran did not normally keep store-bought ice cream in her freezer .
tr	NNS	They depicted designs of swords , bows , suits of armor , gloves , spears , and other weapons for customization .
tr	NNS	In fact , I have never seen any buildings out here .
tr	NNS	" We have complaints .
tr	NNS	We had no shovels , nothing except our claws .
tr	NN	I sold the Mustang .
tr	NNS	I quite rightly question his motives .
tr	NNS	She hooked her thumbs into the corners of her rain slicker pockets .
tr	NNS	Since when do you take assignments so literally ?
tr	NN	He carefully examined her rounded belly .
tr	NNS	It would take all our combined efforts to do this quickly .
tr	NN	Like you , she possesses an inexplicable fondness for mortals .
tr	NN	I snuck pizza into the bedroom once Jeremy was asleep .
tr	NN	As the fog cleared more he could make out the extent of the damage to his metal army .
tr	NN	Earlier this year , however , a band of foraging rebels laid siege to the castle .
tr	NN	He pinched one nipple between his left thumb and index finger until the pain was as sharp as a blade , piercing my insides .
tr	NNS	When we get there , you 'll need all your wits about you .
tr	NNS	When he was done , I gathered up the dirty plates and stuck them into one of the sinks to wash in the morning .
tr	NN	Disappointing for me as I was seeking discretion .
tr	NNS	I waited a few counts .
tr	NNS	Perfection takes many forms .
tr	NN	She had the unenviable task of calling people to tell them of my accident .
tr	NN	Any one of them could reach success without being suspect . "
tr	NNS	Obviously he had powers .
tr	NN	You killed the hero and took his place .
tr	NNS	If you will provide the funds and a small salary . "
tr	NN	The mottled purple spikes my hunger to the point that nothing else matters .
tr	NNS	I 'll give you directions . "
tr	NN	Maybe the opposite would have more success .
tr	NNS	" I 'll have your hides if you so much as nock an arrow ! "
tr	NN	Or would they see a falling star ?
tr	NNS	They took off their sandals and waded barefoot through the water which was almost ice-cold .
tr	NN	Winkler must have gotten a substantial quantity discount on those things .
tr	NNS	Long before any crashes , he often told the mechanics what he subconsciously felt about the aircraft he had just flown .
tr	NNS	Stellan pressed his temples and turned to her .
tr	NN	" Oh , she would have killed your dog 's owner anyway .
tr	NNS	His head went backwards , but he kept his balance .
tr	NNS	It still shows the settings from my last jump .
tr	NNS	I took a couple breaths , giving her the time to speak .
tr	NNS	Matthew made several attempts at trying to phone Maureen , but all he could get was her answer phone .
tr	NNS	Modern science has made some intriguing discoveries during the last century .
tr	NN	Claire would ride the family cash flow with the best of ' em . "
tr	NN	I sent no coordinates for the caverns we currently occupy .
tr	NNS	Snake instantly drew his daggers , and the boat stopped .
tr	NNS	She still mourns her many losses .
tr	NNS	As he watched , the dragon on the wall began to pop out , first one clawed foot , stretching and reaching , the talons curling sharply .
tr	NN	Sophia felt the gravel crunching beneath her boots .
tr	NNS	I could hear dogs howling in the distance , and a loud bang , like a garbage can toppling over , echoed through the air .
tr	NNS	I have no illusions about the fact that my aunt enjoys stirring up this particular gossip topic .
tr	NNS	I finally say , my mouths on a roll .
tr	NN	I will not pour any scorn on his dreams ; just point out that they are not mine . '
tr	NNS	I could hear some noises from inside the house and I felt like I was going to throw up .
tr	NN	" Lori has grade four , primary CNS lymphoma . "
tr	NNS	The headline reads , " Two Dead in Mystery Crash . "
tr	NNS	" How many sisters do you have ? "
tr	NNS	Ella shudders and lunges away from the wall , into my arms .
tr	NNS	Chasing butterflies and Blackbeard in the front yard .
tr	NN	For the sake of its occupants , I needed the landscape to remain unchanged .
tr	NNS	" How kind of you to accept my invitation , " said the duchess as she rose to her feet and came to greet her guests .
tr	NN	During her career as a beauty queen ( and before her career as a convicted felon ) , Kennedy had mastered sincerity .
tr	NN	You deserve the promotion , and so much more . "
tr	NNS	I matched speeds with the Luton box truck and fired .
tr	NN	Lara saw the memo in Kathy 's hand .
tr	NNS	" Why not free the remaining Reboots and leave ? "
tr	NN	He did indeed have a pistol , which he thrust into his belt .
tr	NN	She knew the drill .
tr	NN	That last thought had her moaning , but she stilled again quickly .
tr	NNS	The vampire must have planted the seeds among us .
tr	NNS	We exchange soft moans of passion , kisses that map out the landscape of one another 's mouths .
tr	NNS	The Cardinal held out his gloved hands palms up .
tr	NNS	He took a few bites and ate some garlic bread as well .
tr	NNS	Deep down , I have some doubts about him as a jumper because he doesn 't understand this life .
tr	NN	In the great distance , she heard another blast but the wreckers were too late .
tr	NNS	They have excellent tutors and their workshops are really cool . "
tr	NN	Always he drove into her , velvet over steel , between her thighs , riding her hard , penetrating so deep .
tr	NNS	" There 'll be no working at the mine today , " Juanita told the local miners .
tr	NNS	" Twenty dollars . "
tr	NN	He put the tranquilizer rifle to his shoulder , in case he needed it , and came up behind Koda .
tr	NNS	' That won 't even cover our losses for the last two months ! '
tr	NN	Gia removed the phone receiver from its cradle , and reassured there was still a dial tone , placed it back .
tr	NN	" You have a long ancestry with the enchanted community , and don 't even know the power you 're capable of .
tr	NN	He kick-started the motorcycle to life .
tr	NN	Henry stifled a yawn .
tr	NN	Suddenly , he felt a warm sensation on his chest by his heart .
tr	NNS	" 1,100 knots and accelerating . "
tr	NN	" Never touch the rifle , Robin , unless you know you can kill a man with it . "
tr	NN	" Maybe she can 't give you the closure you need . "
tr	NNS	In one quick move , he sank his fangs deep in her .
tr	NN	One man holds up a boot and another holds up a sleeping bag , and they all burst out laughing .
tr	NNS	" But shouldn 't you trust the medical experts ? "
tr	NNS	Good thing the spell book said only four shots .
tr	NN	He felt her clench around him , heard her choked scream and felt the ripples of her release .
tr	NNS	I sunk my fast growing fangs into her trachea , the spot of transformation .
tr	NNS	He lifted his palms and spread them open , sighing as he did .
tr	NNS	She had taken her sandals off and was now sitting on an overturned tree trunk that made a perfect bench .
tr	NNS	He did not see his attackers .
tr	NNS	They 'd each already earned forty points , fairly easily , but then they had not encountered Bowen - who might frown on their growing tally .
tr	NN	If he really did love me , why didn 't he attended mom 's funeral , my graduation , or all the tournaments that I won ?
tr	NN	" One more question Imhotep , how did you make a sphere out of a fissure ? "
tr	NNS	To date he has written eight novels , four novellas , and fifty odd short stories .
tr	NN	They exited the gun closet , and headed into one of the hotel buildings .
tr	NNS	Seeming as if I was dead had its benefits . "
tr	NN	" I have an appointment - " " I want to help her .
tr	NN	His voice held such fierce loyalty .
tr	NN	Once I was out of reach of both men , I replaced the mop and stood back to the wall , facing them .
tr	NNS	He had knowledge and survival skills .
tr	NNS	Maybe she was just sowing her wild oats .
tr	NNS	This damned case presented communication difficulties at every turn !
tr	NN	I tossed some pepperoni on the pizza .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen the reports and the stock price of her father 's company had rebounded after the influx of the cash .
tr	NNS	Maybe they still have the hots for each other , and they 've just never admitted it . "
tr	NNS	She handed him some coins , though he hadn 't asked for payment .
tr	NN	This theory is directed solely at answering an all-important question yet it may also give a measure of hope to the human race .
tr	NN	Philo leads a Jewish delegation to Rome to protest the anti-Jewish conditions in Alexandria .
tr	NNS	" At age fifteen , she killed fifteen gang members with a nail from a steel shop .
tr	NN	" You 've taped off the concourse ; rumor will have hit Level 9 by now .
tr	NN	I feel his cock at my slit , pushing into me as he holds me in place .
tr	NNS	He provided the exact dimensions of the cavern , throne , and number of seats .
tr	NNS	At about the same time a wave of nausea churned my insides .
tr	NN	This chemical has an adverse effect on the brain -- specifically the part of the brain that controls behavior and rational thought .
tr	NN	He stifled a groan .
tr	NNS	Her cheery friend was wearing a skimpy sundress and sat before a huge plate of eggs , bacon , and sausage .
tr	NN	He shifted his cock between her folds , and she felt time stop as he entered her .
tr	NNS	I found tracks , mostly filled in now , coming from the direction of our customer parking lot .
tr	NN	We had a slight disagreement over our holiday gift to Dr. Godsend .
tr	NN	During their progression to this point , his people had eliminated more than two dozen of Miguel 's men on patrol , quietly and without incident .
tr	NNS	JT rubs his palms on his pant legs .
tr	NNS	I don 't take drugs , never have .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of a metallic flash underneath the Cardinal 's robe .
tr	NNS	I hated knives , but I didn 't see how I had a choice .
tr	NN	After putting on my apron , I pulled out a skillet and turned the stove on .
tr	NNS	" I can see their torches . "
tr	NN	" William , dear , remember your claiming of me .
tr	NN	What had provoked this outburst ?
tr	NNS	Sean was making noises too , panting like a crazy man , grunting and groaning .
tr	NN	As Raoul helped her into the carriage , she couldn 't restrain an exclamation of surprise at the splendor of the carriage 's interior .
tr	NNS	I 'm not making excuses for him ; I 'm just explaining things as I see them .
tr	NNS	And even for them , booking a room would require references .
tr	NNS	" And destroy my chances with her ? "
tr	NN	I can 't imagine nobody doing something like this .
tr	NNS	Rann will lose all the points and the match .
tr	NNS	He had no special skills , no talents , nothing ; he was doomed to the life his parents led and like their parents did before them .
tr	NNS	He pushed the students towards thinking , which now days was difficult .
tr	NNS	Frank ran down the contacts but none stood out , and his initial excitement began to fade .
tr	NN	He moved his c * ck in circles , rubbing her cl * t with his crown .
tr	NNS	Then I noticed two figures coming out of the tall black doors that made up the entrance to the palace .
tr	NNS	Only a few hours after he was back , Anders felt the benefits of his holiday in Ireland slipping away from him .
tr	NN	I 'd rear-ended a police cruiser .
tr	NNS	" I have a few errands to run . "
tr	NN	His startling presence had turned the safe haven of her home into a place she feared .
tr	NNS	The guy stepped backwards and gave her a little wave .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is he on ? "
tr	NN	They had a herbalism lab .
tr	NNS	" I love you , " he said fervently .
tr	NNS	Her next words cemented my fears and made it clear that there was no escaping my doom .
tr	NNS	" Your men have full bellies , full pockets , and they just won a great victory .
tr	NNS	It takes three taxis to haul everything , and as we load up we wave good-bye to the steward and the captain .
tr	NN	A chill ran up Emily 's spine .
tr	NN	Going on six months old , Alec had already perfected the Mackenzie glare .
tr	NN	He ignored my outburst and responded to my statement .
tr	NN	Neil only got his racquet shoulder height before he dropped it again .
tr	NNS	Next , The Scholar 's man cut the bindings from her ankles and she was free to step away from the pyre .
tr	NNS	Who found fertile lands to feed in ?
tr	NN	Jace drew Isabelle 's dagger from his belt .
tr	NN	I wore that clip in my hair every day for two months and my mother never once mentioned it .
tr	NN	For some reason she couldn 't even begin to understand , she actually felt a pang of compassion for him .
tr	NN	He heads the department . "
tr	NNS	They rumbled the cans as they crossed them and laughed to themselves .
tr	NNS	The three of us picked out helmets to match our head sizes and headed toward the section where the bikes were parked .
tr	NN	As they went through the crowds , the Ryder in front of her gave Ash a guide rope to hold onto between his teeth .
tr	NNS	I pull the covers out from beneath her and slide on top of her , then pull the covers back on top of us .
tr	NNS	" Name the terms . "
tr	NNS	The only thing she was sternly focused on was rubbing her pink fingernails over a nail file .
tr	NNS	" I know about the seven wonders of the world , but seven sacred sites ? "
tr	NN	In one dream , he took her horseback riding , and afterwords ate her out under an apple tree , only to have her push him away .
tr	NNS	Andrew pushed the doubts to the back of his mind and decided to do what he had taught that morning .
tr	NNS	For a long moment I wracked my brains , but I couldn 't remember if I 'd locked my room when I left .
tr	NNS	Hailey got beers for all of us .
tr	NNS	He had no other interests .
tr	NNS	So we grabbed our coats and ran and escaped .
tr	NNS	" Have the roses delivered to this address first thing tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	He heard mechanical clicking noises from the steering column and little else .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to put my hand out to start a rallying cry or football cheer .
tr	NN	I can find another editor and cover artist .
tr	NNS	At last , however , the sheer weight of the heavily weighted practise sword wore down the last reserves of Ambrose 's strength .
tr	NNS	Munro positioned the sentries .
tr	NNS	Gorilla shoved his teammates out of the way as he chased Matt across the court .
tr	NN	I grabbed a wooden strut as it suddenly listed and , somewhere , the drip of water became a constant flow .
tr	NN	Near Cuba they had a run-in with pirates .
tr	NNS	Within six months , as the hot weather at the end of the year came round , he had pretty much mastered his HSC subjects .
tr	NNS	He emptied out the coins onto his palm and counted them .
tr	NN	Or more precisely , two of the girls were swinging the rope and Keely was jumping over it .
tr	NN	Should I be expecting the possibility of unpleasant occurrences between here and the outpost ? "
tr	NNS	We can always teach you the skills you will need .
tr	NN	I threw a hostile glare over his shoulder at the crowd .
tr	NNS	Drew , hand her your blades . "
tr	NNS	I 've seen the blue seas from the station , but never down on the ground like this . "
tr	NNS	" If you 're worried about having to fight me , you can put your fears aside .
tr	NN	I took a few deep , steadying breaths , wondering what to do .
tr	NNS	" I have my doubts .
tr	NNS	" I 'll go apologize . "
tr	NN	A tall , dark haired boy retrieves the dagger and turns to face the survivors .
tr	NNS	" You have classes tomorrow , right ? "
tr	NNS	All that mattered was Kellan 's hands on her , his breath warm and moist on her throat , fangs pressing deliciously against her willing flesh .
tr	NNS	" Don 't we have meetings this morning ? "
tr	NNS	You can kiss those billions of yours goodbye ! "
tr	NN	I will swear allegiance to Owain Gwynedd ! "
tr	NNS	His dark eyes were scanning my surroundings .
tr	NNS	The train slowly shifted down the tracks , sparking with electricity .
tr	NNS	Before he gave me shots .
tr	NNS	At least that explained her coldness toward Mina .
tr	NN	She offered a disdainful glare at the mere mention of the book , shaking back thick , brown hair to indicate her displeasure .
tr	NN	Daniel thrust a handful of oats over the stall door , and Ainsley caught them in her bare palm and offered them to Jasmine .
tr	NN	Carefully , he brushed aside a now sweat soaked strand of hair that clung to my clammy forehead .
tr	NNS	He had better social skills . "
tr	NN	Sadly , he could sense Samantha 's unease and did everything in his power to distract her .
tr	NNS	" I 've read your last few reports , but you 'll have to bring me up to speed a little .
tr	NNS	I 'd lit candles all around the room , so it was softly glowing in the fading afternoon light and I was sitting on the bottom bunk .
tr	NN	" You didn 't like your stepfather ? "
tr	NNS	She sniffs the door and repeatedly paces around it , wondering what just happened .
tr	NNS	" Wouldn 't your subordinates have sent reinforcements by now ? "
tr	NN	Preston couldn 't see any harm in letting Max talk to him .
tr	NNS	We were silent a few more beats and I eventually turned the Land Rover into the circular drive of Kingsley .
tr	NNS	She kept one hand gripping the door handle , the other flat on the door , and tried to slow her breathing .
tr	NNS	We packed our big travelling backpacks -- with everything we owned -- and walked to work .
tr	NN	" Have they removed the fourth oath from you ? "
tr	NNS	Others had alarm clocks .
tr	NNS	The image of Thayer in prison , staring at cinder block for the rest of his life , knotted my insides .
tr	NNS	" You can blow bubbles with it and make a loud popping sound , too .
tr	NN	" He shook the bicycle . "
tr	NNS	We sometimes get the bits the body shops get rid of .
tr	NN	He flipped the visor back up and closed his eyes .
tr	NNS	With Rachel 's life on the line , Dylan wouldn 't take any chances .
tr	NNS	I had my doubts .
tr	NN	' You have spirit elf . '
tr	NN	Douglas ignored her bizarre behaviour , figuring she was going to try to score a point by rubbing his face in her relationship with this Tony .
tr	NNS	Sunday , August 31st to Saturday , September 6th 2014 New unemployment figures this week .
tr	NNS	The beasts ' tails made several more connections , slicing through her clothes and skin .
tr	NN	This time Sloane took pity on her .
tr	NN	Then she took the strand back from me and put it back on her wrist .
tr	NN	Her eyes were guarded , no betrayal of her thoughts .
tr	NNS	We 'll block off a few floors of rooms for your guests , and have a two-day celebration .
tr	NNS	Windle brushed mortar fragments off the remains of his robe .
tr	NNS	Her arms and legs had numerous scratches and bruises , but none of these things detracted from her natural radiance .
tr	NN	She needed privacy to figure this out .
tr	NN	With Ma and Xiao translating , the older of the two leaders explained the etiquette of the yurt and what it was that we were being served .
tr	NNS	Another deep , scorching kiss lit up my insides .
tr	NNS	" Next time make two trips .
tr	NNS	With one hand he sent warning shots while with his other he stuffed Alita 's sandwich into his face .
tr	NN	In just the walk to our rooms , I already had a rough estimate of hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of antiques .
tr	NNS	The casualties of fighting a war with immortal creatures , the Unnatural as they called us , left their ranks depleted of willing soldiers .
tr	NN	I won an argument ? "
tr	NNS	" Don 't foist your body image issues on me , mate .
tr	NN	He twisted off the cap and handed the bottle to the Irishman .
tr	NNS	But as you will soon learn , Stephanie had all sorts of erroneous beliefs and distorted perceptions .
tr	NNS	" And I 've since had eleven thousand years of moving from place to place to know just how right I was .
tr	NN	Within a few seconds , the sound of a loud electrical engine drowned the bustle in the room .
tr	NNS	I 've heard all sorts of shrieks and cries during my years in the demon universe .
tr	NNS	And if I lose the bet , I 'll win the million dollars .
tr	NNS	I could see the wheels turning in my mother 's head .
tr	NNS	I slammed my palms down onto the steering wheel several times and let out a deep , guttural scream .
tr	NNS	Its light bounced off the powdery clouds and sent dappled shadows flowing across the stone walled fields .
tr	NN	Love you always , Mase With trembling hands , I opened the package , anxious to see what was inside but scared at the same time .
tr	NNS	She made him two sandwiches and left them in the refrigerator , adding the salsa in a bowl to the side .
tr	NN	He pressed the receiver in his ear .
tr	NN	And tied a pink ribbon .
tr	NN	A vicious laugh follows the childlike mockery .
tr	NNS	We sipped our beers and danced until we decided to take a break and sit out on the patio .
tr	NNS	That was the thing with Special Deputies , they raised mixed reactions .
tr	NN	" Maybe before we leave Vegas , we can get a couple 's massage . "
tr	NN	I noticed a tremble in his hands and he seemed not to be his normal self .
tr	NNS	The please had so much emptiness in it , so many years of loneliness , that it wrenched Iona 's heart .
tr	NN	Then he unrolled the condom and stretched it over the outside knob of Lando 's bedroom door .
tr	NN	He wiped his temple .
tr	NNS	All cleaned up , he then prepared a couple sandwiches for the day .
tr	NNS	" She gives me the creeps .
tr	NNS	Over the next two days I left the confines of our home only to fetch water or else sneak up to the rooftop for fresh air .
tr	NN	A small , discordant note invaded his consciousness .
tr	NNS	He 's had a few too many beers , so it 's probably not a good idea for him to do it anyway .
tr	NN	Was that deadpan humor or was he serious ?
tr	NN	" No matter how adept they become , we use every tool we can to give ourselves the advantage .
tr	NNS	We both have a good six inches of height over Stenger and probably twenty pounds .
tr	NNS	" Oh my , yes , Arik and I brought back all sorts of them today .
tr	NNS	I collected the reports , kept track of the agents , their assignments , while I tried to find a cure .
tr	NN	You never got the full treatment .
tr	NN	Didn 't they see the perfection ?
tr	NN	But at least she 'd stopped digging .
tr	NN	When he finished the checkout , the man gave him a thumbs-up and limped clear .
tr	NNS	A woman has the same rights as a man here to take her pleasure where she pleases , and change her mind when she pleases . "
tr	NNS	I was feeling a little weirdly breathless about it , too .
tr	NNS	You will have reports and manifests , comparing how the people were before the Return and after it .
tr	NNS	With that means we can use brains instead of brawn .
tr	NN	In a few minutes we had downloaded a tool , installed it , and set it loose .
tr	NN	We would revisit the topic again , no doubt .
tr	NN	They couldn 't destroy such a creation if they tried , which they often do .
tr	NNS	So each time he changed the kiss , she mimicked his movements .
tr	NN	Who knows , maybe I 'll even get another promotion . "
tr	NNS	In fact , none of the Evernight types were looking down their noses at me like they used to .
tr	NNS	I 'll explain the basics while Molly sets up . "
tr	NNS	Or do you see billions of separate molecules of water ?
tr	NNS	' Sixty thousand dollars ? '
tr	NN	" No , I joined a secret organization to watch the bad guys who were undermining - and who continue to undermine - your vampires . "
tr	NN	She had a thirst for knowledge , and art .
tr	NNS	The man had cleared the chairs , and was now lurching slowly across the open floor .
tr	NNS	The scent of Nate 's shampoo and soap filled her senses , and she pushed the pillow off the bed .
tr	NN	One of the remaining men is reloading his crossbow , which is aimed right for me .
tr	NN	" Do not forget the love oath you made to each other this evening .
tr	NNS	Nathan and Jackson had grilled steaks , as well as some potatoes and asparagus .
tr	NN	Perched sideways , with her arms held straight out , she slid down the first railing .
tr	NNS	He hated rudeness , but now was not the time to call young Dean on his lack of manners .
tr	NNS	" Every adult person you have seen no longer has an hourglass .
tr	NN	It 's got a cloth wrapped around its head and dried blood all over its face .
tr	NNS	We slid off the stools , and walked out the door .
tr	NN	Eventually , the President must choose a successor to his Empire .
tr	NN	There aren " t enough of us .
tr	NN	What woman in her right mind would turn down all that yummy goodness ?
tr	NNS	She 'd had servants and a cow and a number of sheep .
tr	NNS	The owners had always been wonderful to her ; not only that , she couldn 't abandon Lois during the busiest time of the year .
tr	NN	Grinning , he took the package , set it on his desk and tore off the paper .
tr	NN	The first bite unleashed the full extent of my hunger and I started to eat voraciously .
tr	NNS	They put the babies into the double stroller and pushed them out the door .
tr	NN	" I have now amassed a very considerable fortune , Sir . "
tr	NNS	Folks around town are already dredging up all the old tales about who saw what when .
tr	NN	He had heard a rumor that The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles were all but extinct .
tr	NN	It 's going full blast . "
tr	NN	After you left she filed a lawsuit against me , claiming public defamation for Satan 's Blues .
tr	NNS	You gave up your positions !
tr	NNS	Rhona had trained her sisters to move with methodical precision from the day they 'd fought their way out of the egg .
tr	NN	If I try to push , it could have a negative effect .
tr	NNS	Roxanne should have denounced his doubts as ludicrous .
tr	NNS	And the Elder Council had made arrangements for the start of Janelle 's rule .
tr	NNS	Terrance 's ambitions wouldn 't allow such idle notions to remain for long .
tr	NNS	A Jewel that had , somehow , retained those distinct layers ?
tr	NN	Thomas caught the other man 's meaning .
tr	NN	He wore an outfit similar to the black man 's , but in twinkling red .
tr	NN	Brady lifted the dark blood-red Franz Kafka pen from its tray and unscrewed the top .
tr	NN	I had one more vial of phage .
tr	NNS	So did her kitchen activities .
tr	NNS	I brought you the twenty bucks I owed you . "
tr	NN	The troubadour had lifted his instrument and began to play .
tr	NN	" We still have the marker in San Francisco 1895 , and trains are available to cross the continent .
tr	NNS	Dulcie stood and refilled everyone 's wineglass .
tr	NN	Zane suppressed a groan .
tr	NNS	The second email was offering prescription drugs from Canada at half the price of United States pharmacies .
tr	NN	Miranda shouted out a new command to her brother " Milton act like a pigeon . "
tr	NN	" I 'd still be moving furniture and boxes if he and Bobo hadn 't shown up .
tr	NN	She gave a graceful little shrug .
tr	NN	Humanity must expand its range somehow if it is to continue to flourish .
tr	NNS	Get some reinforcements out here ! "
tr	NNS	Fortunately , I wasn 't planning any extended trips during the next month . "
tr	NN	She doesn 't see a single item she wants to eat .
tr	NNS	" Because Yin and Yang are like , Asian action figures or something .
tr	NN	Asking what the usual tipple of choice was they 'd been given a rack of test tubes filled with brightly coloured liquids .
tr	NN	" Oh no , did I just lose my zombie hunter ? "
tr	NNS	He crossed the yards to the three ships in three or four strides .
tr	NNS	There were crackling noises behind him .
tr	NN	I f ind little joy in showing affection to someone who does not return it . "
tr	NNS	In the days since their last meeting , she 'd had repeated nightmares about him .
tr	NN	She let out another agitated growl and he grinned in response .
tr	NNS	They spread their supplies across Danni 's living room floor and stared at the blank poster boards .
tr	NNS	I will not take any chances that involve a return to her after sunset .
tr	NNS	She clutched the drapes .
tr	NN	People walking became people running , their phones already out as their boots pounded the pavement toward us .
tr	NN	When there was a chance , the others would get the same treatment .
tr	NN	" Prepare a containment pod . "
tr	NNS	I love little stores like this because the people are amazingly friendly .
tr	NN	' Friends again , right babe ? '
tr	NNS	" Where did you get the steroids ? "
tr	NNS	He opened his senses , searching for Kay .
tr	NN	He used a fork from the drawer to scoop the cake onto a shining plate rimmed with the light blue spittle of blossoms .
tr	NN	The fact that he could talk raised the possibility of a peaceful solution here .
tr	NNS	He earned forty thousand dollars a year , with health insurance and an average pension plan , and was due for a raise in three months .
tr	NNS	The cold water from the sink slowly drowned out the splashes from the tub .
tr	NN	To cover it up from my dad , we 'd moved the recliner over it .
tr	NNS	" Hey , you putrid filth rags , what are you doing ? "
tr	NN	He offered my faded cloth towards me , and I raised him back to standing height .
tr	NN	He was taking a practice exam online for the GED .
tr	NNS	Over the period of the next six months Lara bought out the stores , then hired people to come in and run the different operations .
tr	NNS	I could see security cameras at regular intervals as well .
tr	NNS	Who could have foreseen the changes in Pandora , the changes in Flattery then ?
tr	NNS	Had she allowed his caress so she could pretend it belonged to another ?
tr	NNS	Perhaps one of those bookmark ribbons with the peace symbol on it .
tr	NNS	" On whether the Tome will use its powers for good or evil . "
tr	NN	Three stories of open hallways crowning a beautiful winding staircase .
tr	NN	They 're giving us some privacy . "
tr	NNS	| | | | | The ghosts of our past faded into memory .
tr	NNS	By tomorrow , enough people would prove their psychic abilities to convince the overall public of the transformation .
tr	NNS	I 'm making arrangements for him to be flight that 's bound for the United States .
tr	NN	Melville a specialty of yours ? "
tr	NN	She 'd lost her sanity that night and never regained it .
tr	NNS	She tucked the wires back in and shrugged .
tr	NN	Rose got the distinct impression that this wasn 't a thing she was supposed to hear .
tr	NNS	" Did you get the sector reports done ? "
tr	NN	" It caused another huge argument between me and Melissa .
tr	NNS	Luna , a maddening combination of innocence and bravado , brought out his primitive instincts .
tr	NN	" As you know , we have a suspect in custody who has confessed fully to the crime . "
tr	NNS	" But I don 't think Moore 's book addresses Browning except from the aspect of his so-called suicide .
tr	NNS	He brought these wires down to a level with his waist and slightly in front of his body .
tr	NNS	Don 't want students getting used to success .
tr	NN	She felt a little dizzy with the knowledge that so much was riding on her not making any mistakes .
tr	NN	" How can I resist a menu like this ? "
tr	NNS	I watch the houses as I sweep by them : Nine , Eight , Seven , Six , Five .
tr	NNS	They had cats and dogs .
tr	NNS	Most of their males took human lovers from time to time .
tr	NNS	" Celina has always believed relations between humans and vampires were going to come to a cataclysmic end .
tr	NNS	He scooped some pebbles of Brain Feed into his pocket , replaced the shoe box , and hustled downstairs .
tr	NN	She rolled the bloodiest towel in the other two and put them all in the wastebasket .
tr	NN	My poor words cannot possibly convey the depth of my God 's longing for - ' He broke off suddenly , staring at me in astonishment .
tr	NNS	They knocked out both facilities ? "
tr	NN	He took the keyboard with shaky hands .
tr	NNS	I would control my water powers .
tr	NN	" And risk your sterling reputation ?
tr	NN	I take the vase out of her hands and walk it to the dresser and set it down .
tr	NNS	Lucas asked Cass as he collapsed onto the sand beside the large dragon .
tr	NN	On the other hand , everything had its price , by seeing something differently he had ultimately lost another life philosophy .
tr	NN	We have no such technology .
tr	NNS	Off to the left , a spate of gunfire shredded needles and branches from a spruce tree .
tr	NNS	The U-turn had confirmed his suspicions .
tr	NN	Seth kept his head resting against the back of the couch as though they were discussing something of little importance rather than his life .
tr	NNS	As far as the engagement goes , I was having a few doubts anyway .
tr	NNS	" During my tours , and then ... after .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't help but notice the two purple bite marks on her neck .
tr	NN	Finally I heard a shout .
tr	NNS	With a nod to Chewie , I asked , " Find any ghosts yet ? "
tr	NN	He leaned down and gave his partner 's nape a fast ruffle .
tr	NN	Her pictures don 't do her justice .
tr	NNS	He still watched the monitors like a hawk and checked my vitals more than necessary .
tr	NN	She had a wild impulse to giggle , but as they reached the office the urge disappeared in a flood of sheer dread and anxiety .
tr	NNS	That did not even include the fragile scrolls that were kept protected in his vault .
tr	NN	The idea he 'd do it in the privacy of the bedroom cranked her lust to a whole new level .
tr	NNS	The wind carried fragments of laughter over to the balcony .
tr	NNS	" We haven 't many novels . "
tr	NNS	Even after I thought I was done , I found a few damp pockets that needed a little extra hot air .
tr	NN	You could show a little respect for this ritual , David . '
tr	NN	She swallowed the lump in her throat , fighting against the tears that wanted to fall .
tr	NNS	Tucker looked little comforted by this logic , and stared at the door .
tr	NN	Kelly pushed the menu towards the stranger ; she failed to mention the specials , leaving to prepare the coffee .
tr	NN	While the other men in the room stopped digging and stood around him , gawking at the chest , James Silver slowly opened the lid .
tr	NNS	We drank coffees and munched on exotic pastries under the curved domed ceiling of the food court .
tr	NNS	Creamy desire coated her thighs .
tr	NN	I did it fair justice , but a real Broadway singer would have cringed . "
tr	NN	He brushed a stray curl from her forehead and smiled .
tr	NN	He 'd wanted closure .
tr	NNS	" We signed the contracts , so we are stuck with each other for another year .
tr	NNS	Elissa noticed several rocking chairs at one end of the porch and walked down to them , stopping in awe as she looked up .
tr	NNS	When the symptoms returned the following week , she was taking no excuses .
tr	NN	As she turns to run down the stairs , she runs smack dab into another guard standing just behind her .
tr	NN	" I 'm not seeing a shrink , if that 's where you 're going . "
tr	NN	Roxy follows the flick of my gaze .
tr	NN	She glanced down the row of women , then said , " There is one more thing .
tr	NN	The sight of a teenage couple holding hands struck a chord in him .
tr	NNS	Those recesses had surprises inside , very nasty surprises .
tr	NNS	" So far this day I have discovered several disturbing and redefining elements of my soul which are slowly restructuring the very nature of my existence . "
tr	NN	I played the bench . "
tr	NNS	They had used all tracking spells known to wizards and had failed to find him .
tr	NN	As he holds me , I feel a tingling in my middle .
tr	NN	They shared a manly handshake .
tr	NNS	Rourke stood fifty paces from me , watching me intently .
tr	NNS	" The stuff hurts my arm hairs , and this shit is getting old . "
tr	NN	' I spent one winter working my way through Grandad 's stories . '
tr	NN	When they advanced to a curving staircase , the king grasped the banister .
tr	NN	My genetic material holds the code for the missing parts of my face . "
tr	NN	Neither noticed the large leopard as it made its slow , patient approach in imperceptible silence .
tr	NN	I gave an involuntary shudder and turned the page .
tr	NN	He patted the backseat of his bike .
tr	NNS	Garfield made the adjustments .
tr	NN	He took off his backpack and rummaged through it .
tr	NNS	He 'd pay the death benefits , shrug , then come up with some other asinine strategy in the never-ending war games .
tr	NN	Get the man 's height based on the length between his steps and the size of the shoe .
tr	NNS	Like a prism scattered light into different colors , everyone in the organization had different talents , brought the light in different ways .
tr	NNS	Jun made several slicing motions across her palm .
tr	NNS	Since Elias had just lost the bet , the guy owed him a hundred bucks .
tr	NN	I ask the nurse , my voice raspy and thick with sleep .
tr	NNS	" So you hunt escaped criminals , right ? "
tr	NNS	But , I admit the fire torches .
tr	NN	He paid the fee , several hundred credits , and pocketed the handful of tickets .
tr	NNS	" When I lived in England our neighbors in St. Wenn had several packs of beagles .
tr	NNS	The sparrow hawk takes birds from the air .
tr	NN	We next discussed a retainer fee , and she paid it without blinking , writing me a company check .
tr	NN	He rubbed his throbbing bicep .
tr	NNS	By his estimation , he took enough drugs to kill five healthy Green Beret soldiers , two cows and a full-grown , gray elephant .
tr	NN	For sixty dollars you could get a haircut and shave , with straight razor : by appointment only .
tr	NNS	In the darkness of the night , they heard and saw shadowy figures riding around moving the cattle into the loading pen .
tr	NNS	" When I was advised you were final y located , I requested your reports to be sent to me . "
tr	NN	The rescue squad has a rope .
tr	NNS	Devon grumbled something incoherent before standing .
tr	NNS	Prostitutes don 't usually befriend secretaries or executives .
tr	NNS	Dozens of bouquets and wreaths made bright splashes of color in the front of the church .
tr	NN	The trod keeper shouted a protest and tried shutting the door again , but Puck wasn 't going anywhere .
tr	NN	I need a conductor of sorts . '
tr	NN	The Air Traffic Controlling Center gave your approximate last location , but it was a large search area .
tr	NNS	She took small bites , relishing the taste of the beautifully cooked omelette .
tr	NNS	I could see the wheels in her mind turning .
tr	NNS	Uncle , you must give me the coins ! "
tr	NNS	' Of course , ' said Amy , smiling , ' he soon used up all the gold coins . '
tr	NNS	Huck was throwing lightning balls at them and Faye was struggling to use her power to move them .
tr	NN	He grabbed his pen , notepad , his scarf , took one last look at Heinrich lying in bed , and left .
tr	NN	He chuckles and twists my nipple slowly between his thumb and forefinger .
tr	NNS	Now that she was lying limp on the ground , however , he couldn 't miss the dogs .
tr	NNS	We cannot take chances .
tr	NNS	It was like seeing two different versions of it , one on top of the other . "
tr	NNS	Otherwise , Franklin entertained clients and other business associates at restaurants .
tr	NN	As we walked , I felt a burning question bubble up inside of me .
tr	NNS	Two years ago , she threw away two pairs of shoes for her dolls by accident and never forgave herself for the carelessness of it .
tr	NN	He needs a haircut . "
tr	NNS	I climbed the ranks , but I was forbidden to have my carapace imprinted with my achievements for twenty turns . "
tr	NN	Terrified citizens were clawing over each other , spilling over the sides of the theater .
tr	NNS	Brittany and I made two trips up the stairs : the first was to carry our bags .
tr	NN	By the time they had transferred to their Secondary School , they had aquired a reputation that worried Frank 's parents immensely .
tr	NN	Xi hooked the clasp to the dog 's nylon collar and went outside .
tr	NNS	As soon as he opened the door , the fresh scent that he 'd been missing filled his senses .
tr	NNS	She made their excuses and scooped up Prudence , despite her daughter 's protestations .
tr	NN	No , they offered the scholarship .
tr	NN	She held the cool cloth to his brow and gently stroked his face .
tr	NNS	I have a few suspicions but what 's the point in making unfounded accusations ? "
tr	NN	These crime syndicates often have their own strict code of behaviour .
tr	NNS	I could almost hear the wheels grinding in his head as he thought .
tr	NNS	Word of what had happened tonight could provoke some strong reactions , and she 'd always been a sucker when it came to the underdog .
tr	NNS	I paled , my nightmares of drowning coming back to me .
tr	NNS	But I have priorities so we need to go about this properly . "
tr	NNS	" Like he brings all his dates to stay with his aunt ?
tr	NN	See u in Social Studies .
tr	NNS	Even though he 's not technically cheating anymore , he still loses points for being a creep .
tr	NN	I took the candle and placed the Tupperware container on the floor .
tr	NN	He never kept equipment he didn 't like using .
tr	NNS	Before the 2008 Financial Crisis , we used illegal Mexican workers to build our houses and to cut our grass .
tr	NN	Jack took her advice and went upstairs in search of Todd 's room .
tr	NNS	His hands cupped her full breasts , taking the weight in his palms , his fingers gently massaging her almost without thought .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't really expect miracles .
tr	NN	They ran a battery of tests on her but drew a blank .
tr	NN	Rimmer gave his location and waited thirty seconds for the first patrol car to arrive with blue lights flashing .
tr	NNS	This should better suit your talents than the city guard . "
tr	NN	Apart from the screaming the instrumental balance had superb depth and colour .
tr	NNS	He rested his palms on the edge of the chassis and closed his eyes .
tr	NN	Everyone , it seemed , appreciated a close contest .
tr	NNS	Our mystics learn its basics before learning internal control . "
tr	NN	That had the effect it always did .
tr	NNS	Except these kids weren 't munching sandwiches .
tr	NNS	Monks used the same techniques to conceal their own identities or those of characters in their stories .
tr	NNS	We 're sitting ducks here . "
tr	NN	I could feel my heart rate going faster through the veins in my forehead , giving me a massive headache .
tr	NN	Realizing that I forgot the children are in the other room , I begin pacing wildly .
tr	NNS	" I know these lands intimately , as you do not .
tr	NNS	Gregori took no chances with her stubborn ways .
tr	NN	I heard that strange snorting that was Max 's laughter .
tr	NN	He read the article twice .
tr	NN	It has been declared fool proof to the highest statistical levels our mathematics understands .
tr	NN	They would recognize her achievement and appreciate what she - " Dr. Ross ... " He started to get up , wincing in pain .
tr	NNS	After it 's allowed to cool , I break the pots and make weapons from the steel inside .
tr	NN	I couldn 't fight back the urge to scoff at him .
tr	NNS	They have obligations , obligations that every man in our family has always honored ... until John met Harriet , that is .
tr	NN	" You would accept this fate ? "
tr	NN	Words couldn 't do the lust , the aching need , she inspired in me justice .
tr	NNS	Titus had several opportunities after that first day to take me out and he didn 't !
tr	NN	Adrian 's low voice interrupts my solitude and I turn to find him standing behind me .
tr	NNS	I checked my pockets .
tr	NN	I saw the hunger in their eyes .
tr	NN	She wore a crown of woven pink and green ribbons that cascaded down her back .
tr	NNS	Sabrina wiped her damp palms on her jeans and swallowed the lump of nerves rising to block her throat .
tr	NNS	" Some guys hit speeds of 120 mph in an eighth mile . "
tr	NN	He quickly shoulders his rifle .
tr	NN	Richard straightened his uniform .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to put his fist through a wall .
tr	NNS	I turn the pages slowly , seeing each detail of the uniform .
tr	NNS	Maria gave two quick squeezes to Connors hand .
tr	NNS	The waitress set our plates in front of us and I finished up the last of my cosmopolitan .
tr	NN	I lifted my napkin to my forehead and patted .
tr	NNS	A cold , merciless hand squeezed the beats from my heart .
tr	NN	She would have the gown as a reminder of all that she had lost with her impetuous decision to follow Dean .
tr	NN	Bring the fury to your chest , hold it there a moment and then allow your love for her to reach the rest of the way .
tr	NN	One glance into his pebbly eyes , seeing the frenzied rage directed at her , decided her fate in a flash .
tr	NNS	We honour our heroes here . "
tr	NN	His young bride , Lillian , loved the landscape here on the shoreline of the lake , but abhorred the cold winters .
tr	NNS	A fountain drowned out the exterior noises with a tranquil gurgle .
tr	NN	" Stick a fork in me .
tr	NN	" Thanks for coming over John , " Mayor Tolson placed his napkin in his lap and began buttering a role .
tr	NN	I patted my vacant belly .
tr	NN	Jason points the pistol at us .
tr	NN	Following instructions , he entered the rear wagon 's cage .
tr	NNS	She 'd choke down a few bites , sip her coffee , and count the seconds until Kim 's car showed up .
tr	NN	He pulls out a pistol from his pocket .
tr	NNS	I 'll see my doctors at home and - " Laci turned to me .
tr	NNS	In the long term , though , we 'll need more females to safely repopulate .
tr	NN	He connected the nozzle and began filling the tire with the foam and compressed air .
tr	NNS	And you and your family made the pyramids ?
tr	NN	Monti has a pistol that can be used , so Dane asks Cole if he can handle a gun .
tr	NN	Licked melted chocolate off her fingers .
tr	NN	" We finally have a working railway to the mountains .
tr	NNS	Beth has three cracked ribs .
tr	NNS	" Upload will be completed in approximately ten minutes , " Hannah 's implant informed her senses .
tr	NN	He calls the waiter : " Two more beers . "
tr	NN	I don 't see any harm in a quick stroll in the warm . '
tr	NN	Your great-grandmother made a whore of herself to an Englishman so they 'd drop a title on her get .
tr	NNS	" Doesn 't Hot Crust make deliveries ? "
tr	NNS	Or more accurately Jas got stares .
tr	NNS	I 'll make biscuits tomorrow .
tr	NN	In my bedroom , I scooted the dresser in front of the door , effectively blocking it .
tr	NNS	Those are Mayan numbers .
tr	NNS	And by survive , she didn 't mean just mental y. Vampires and werewolves kil ed people .
tr	NNS	I fled down the dark , twisted corridors of Baruch 's mind , planting one explosion after another .
tr	NNS	The three women pulled up chairs and looked expectantly at Katherine , who looked at the five women before her .
tr	NN	He rubs my butt and says , " Be a good girl .
tr	NN	" I have had some good fortune with my time , and I thought perhaps you would like to speak with me now . "
tr	NNS	Casey , whose soft groans and frantic whispers fed the fires inside him until they burned brighter than he would have thought possible .
tr	NNS	" Fine , " Pris said remotely .
tr	NN	I was losing consciousness , struggling to stay awake .
tr	NNS	If you could reach out of it you could touch the gas clouds that formed our galaxy as easily as touching the robes of Jesus .
tr	NN	How could she possibly have had a stroke ?
tr	NN	That left the second location , the blowhole site .
tr	NN	I considered the possibility that perhaps her body never made it to the grave site .
tr	NNS	She followed the directions on her GPS through town and turned off into a parking lot in front of Hayden 's building .
tr	NN	I felt my shoulders sag under the weight of his despair .
tr	NN	Then they started up the hill again .
tr	NNS	We followed Jess into the house , and the scene that greeted me was very much what I had expected it to be .
tr	NN	She wanted his confession to be to her , not to Heather and Elliott .
tr	NNS	Announce the changes in a family gathering !
tr	NNS	He intently studied his palms .
tr	NNS	She turned off her engines , continuing to move forward through momentum and the gravitational pull .
tr	NNS	When I 'd suggested this to Ralston , he had enthusiastically sent requests to every trailer manufacture in the country .
tr	NNS	He 's making jokes , but none of this is funny .
tr	NNS	Impossible situations required impossible solutions .
tr	NNS	Hill and the other tractor driver hid their rides deep in the grove .
tr	NN	Inside the circle he scratched a pentagram , using a rowan stick freshly cut by faerie hands .
tr	NNS	Josh had his man , Mike drop the carcass off at the Vet for an examination .
tr	NN	Dustin would probably flip his lid if I went behind his back .
tr	NNS	So much for his insistence they forgo discussions about sex .
tr	NN	Really , you should be given a medal . "
tr	NNS	I had issues with that if I was going to continue this quest to ruin his father .
tr	NNS	His fingertips brush the scales at her shoulder .
tr	NN	" I will prepare your chariot , my Queen . "
tr	NNS	" You get any addresses ? "
tr	NNS	As the boom reached the end of its arc and slammed into place , the boat leaned dangerously .
tr	NNS	The barrage of lead struck two control panels and three glass visors .
tr	NNS	By the way , I rounded up some umbrellas and left them by the front door .
tr	NNS	He took smaller bites and closed his eyes as he focused on the tasting .
tr	NNS	After F-16 training , we could put these birds down on a quarter . "
tr	NN	" Yeah , but she might call the faery and warn her we 're coming . "
tr	NN	Entering the room she 'd only just recently left , she again saw the long row of bars that stood between the vampires and the humans .
tr	NNS	" I 've been cataloguing the psychics in our network .
tr	NNS	I 'd sheathed my blades , but I 'd have to clean them when I could see properly again .
tr	NN	I yanked the dagger out and stood in one fluid motion .
tr	NN	I could recite that speech in my sleep if I had to , but never had I tried to convince anyone to walk straight toward their death .
tr	NN	" Who doesn 't have a phone charger in their car ? "
tr	NNS	Aisha added a few chunks of something yellow to the mix .
tr	NNS	" Can you get those photographs ? "
tr	NN	I liked his swing and was glad that salesman had talked him into it .
tr	NN	He 'd phoned Weldon while pacing inside his private study .
tr	NNS	We miners have more than a few tricks up our gills . "
tr	NNS	You 'll never master your abilities .
tr	NN	One little berry has the vitamin C content of two oranges .
tr	NNS	Would you prefer cowboys or Indians ?
tr	NNS	The cycle 's passengers had abandoned the bikes and now followed through the crowd behind them .
tr	NNS	Robert has designs upon the land .
tr	NN	If she had been honest with herself , she could have anticipated Travis 's agenda and headed off the situation .
tr	NNS	He had supplies of normal food , tinned ; water , bottled .
tr	NNS	" They are killing deer . "
tr	NNS	He will fulfill my desires for world domination .
tr	NNS	After dinner she quickly washed up the dishes , refusing his help .
tr	NNS	Sampson held up his palms to forestall objection .
tr	NNS	How many centuries ago had that been ?
tr	NNS	They 'd taken my knives and armor .
tr	NNS	In the bright light of intermittent lightning , he saw other ships across the water .
tr	NN	As he passed , she quickly slapped his butt .
tr	NNS	" I don 't like surprises . "
tr	NNS	Several contain large metal blocks that could be altars .
tr	NN	You can cage a Great Beast , but not forever .
tr	NN	Both men had a compulsion to restore old boats and keep them around .
tr	NN	I cover the receiver with my hand .
tr	NN	Nothing else would elicit that much resolve from her .
tr	NNS	He stored the data for your product inside his own cells . "
tr	NNS	He had reviewed all the data stored inside its ancient banks , and slowly and carefully analyzed it all .
tr	NNS	It would disrupt all the electrical signals .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't found any taxis or other means of public transportation for the entire journey .
tr	NN	He had exercised extreme caution in skirting the mine .
tr	NNS	The next time both of you laugh , I 'll rip your hearts in pieces . "
tr	NN	You showed true quality when you flew the shuttle . "
tr	NNS	Elena 's mind switched tracks as suddenly and smoothly as a train .
tr	NN	" I guess , you could say Family duty . "
tr	NN	Another possessed a rack of muskets , pistols , and rifles , with powder and shot to accompany them .
tr	NN	Perhaps he had lost the capacity to feel .
tr	NNS	I 've never seen a deer come from the sky .
tr	NNS	I 'd have wrapped my own gauzy layers around it and convinced myself that it was right .
tr	NN	Loud hoots and hollers followed her brazen announcement , Murphy laughing the loudest .
tr	NN	Oh , I had my revenge , Master Owens , and it was a terrible one .
tr	NNS	The man staggered backwards and pulled a knife out of a forearm sheath .
tr	NNS	I contain all the desired extras one could ever want and can manage universal travel almost in ones sleep .
tr	NN	Henrietta gave a shrug , which was probably the wrong thing to do .
tr	NNS	William has connections in the pentagon who will believe whatever he tells them to .
tr	NNS	Get yourselves back through that door .
tr	NN	He stroked his beard .
tr	NN	She had a wonderful painting of a halfway house by a river in what looked to be the old south .
tr	NNS	" We ask the powers that be , what the future holds in store for Ski ... err ... what 's your name ? "
tr	NNS	His thumbs stroked my thighs , urging my knees wider , so he could travel deeper with every thrust .
tr	NN	One by one they gathered any dirty linen , food scraps , and miscellaneous regalia ; each according to their function .
tr	NN	" My undying loyalty .
tr	NNS	Now people all over the country buy her quilts . "
tr	NNS	" Earlier data ? "
tr	NNS	I 'd have nightmares for awhile , I suspected , but I could deal with that .
tr	NN	Just sign this marker for our records . "
tr	NNS	He had senses like a dog , a bloodhound at that .
tr	NNS	The president sends his greetings .
tr	NNS	Their paws left dark stains in the snow around her boots .
tr	NNS	' When did they switch teams ? '
tr	NNS	I sort of had my suspicions up by now .
tr	NNS	You 've got the best detectives in Cook County in charge , and a task force is already being organized .
tr	NN	Sand definitely had a thirst to it .
tr	NN	I kept my eyes off his face in case he needed some privacy .
tr	NN	They entered the vault and found the manager who had been monitoring them .
tr	NNS	Nowadays , they wear helmets just to take a shit .
tr	NN	She just got messed up , being around Chad .
tr	NNS	If she needed to meet her grandfather in the future , she 'd need allies .
tr	NN	The man had exchanged his black leather duster for a porter 's outfit .
tr	NNS	Sylvia and Earl had many arguments over their daughter 's welfare .
tr	NNS	I 've been exploring the tunnels by day , hoping to trail him to his base .
tr	NNS	I 'm wearing four layers .
tr	NN	" I had a mare when I was twelve .
tr	NNS	The rover still has ample supplies for me .
tr	NNS	It lit up the dark clouds , everything glowing a bright burning red .
tr	NN	It had that effect on its readers .
tr	NNS	" For washing the dishes ?
tr	NNS	I haven 't joined any teams - There 's going to be the melee now , the free-for-all .
tr	NN	The boy had a responsibility to himself and to his community .
tr	NNS	Law enforcement officials have no apparent leads , and the missing person search for Samantha Henning , the sister of Captain Arden Jones , continues .
tr	NNS	First , I counted brains .
tr	NN	I caught a single glimpse of Tony 's shocked face as it fell and then he vanished .
tr	NN	Shorty picked his cap up off the table to make room for the balls .
tr	NN	Please pick up the receiver at the hall table when the phone rings over there . "
tr	NN	The common listener would feel some measure of this discomfort .
tr	NN	Then she donned her armour .
tr	NN	" Oh my god . "
tr	NN	The funeral attendants lifted the coffin from the trolley to carry it down the steps to the waiting hearse .
tr	NNS	But the Forest Gentry can see all ghosts , all souls , all spirits , and the Forest Gentry can communicate with them . "
tr	NN	" No , I don 't want your God 's forgiveness .
tr	NN	You had quite a good effect on the little girl 's spirits . "
tr	NNS	The intruder must have found the passwords and logged on .
tr	NN	I want venom back so I can create friends and family .
tr	NN	Surely , nothing I have done or could possibly do deserves the punishment of being made Emperor . "
tr	NNS	Soaring back into the air Rift lands upon a particularly long colony of bats , feverishly flying against him as he runs atop the bulk of them .
tr	NN	My stomach gave an involuntary flutter as he leaned closer and his head neared mine .
tr	NNS	Maximilian Hart did not take losses on any project he engineered .
tr	NNS	" No , but he 'd already siphoned off hundreds of millions to untraceable accounts .
tr	NN	I can 't give a speech .
tr	NN	Do not test my resolve . "
tr	NNS	I know your strengths and your weaknesses .
tr	NN	Every couple of months he filed a feature article about a local person or place , usually one whose existence or livelihood was threatened by progress .
tr	NN	" Ships , guardians and protectors of our people , we have asked much counsel of you , and we have come away the wiser .
tr	NN	With resignation , she put enough pasta on both plates , then spooned the sauce on top , adding a generous amount of cheese to both .
tr	NN	' Then this will , ' Anabel held up a large lump of wood .
tr	NN	He got a pen from the cup .
tr	NNS	" Next time we 're slow , we 'll put gauges in your ears . "
tr	NN	She didn 't envy anyone the task of lifting her suitcase , let alone hurling it eight feet off the ground .
tr	NNS	How many stock market crashes have we had in the last few years -- savings and loans , internet tech bubble , subprime mortgage crisis ?
tr	NNS	His stocky frame didn 't show the stiffness of an older man , like his taller partner 's did .
tr	NNS	Its jaws dropped open , revealing chunks of bloody skin and ragged swatches of blue jeans between its teeth .
tr	NN	We got special treatment down the lane usually reserved for pilots and flight crews .
tr	NN	Meredith lay stil , her eyes closed , unconscious .
tr	NN	I didn 't mean any harm .
tr	NN	Sitting back down on the sofa , he fisted his cock .
tr	NN	We can build a lab for them here , or extend Lily 's laboratory .
tr	NN	The orchestra will never reach its potential under Hauptmann .
tr	NN	Tabitha suddenly felt another sensation , one she had felt only once before .
tr	NNS	You have supplies for four days and a small tent .
tr	NN	Besides , I already had a peek inside his head and know that his intentions are pure .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness for that . "
tr	NN	You 've just made a grave error in judgment . "
tr	NN	He pointed out the tower each group was responsible for .
tr	NN	The stories and jokes that were told that night had a common theme though .
tr	NNS	Gumshoe rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	Sparrows eat seeds , but owls prefer mice .
tr	NN	Gabe gripped the railing and said nothing .
tr	NN	" Pay off my debt ? "
tr	NNS	Claire and Connor each slam their trays down and display a look of annoyance .
tr	NN	It had the calculated effect .
tr	NN	Then , shutting my eyes , I picture the grey stone castle , its peaking towers , the green grass , the sand beside the rippling lake .
tr	NNS	I 've already set the wheels in motion so the D.A. won 't be pursuing this .
tr	NN	Because , billions of people didn 't possess any respect for law or man .
tr	NNS	We 'll be selling pies , preserves , and kisses . "
tr	NNS	It took a few attempts , but one finally hit something and I heard him whine , " Ow , Scar ! "
tr	NN	He has such a sweet tooth . "
tr	NN	" Hell , Caleb would hand over the deed to the property if he thought you needed it .
tr	NNS	' Yes , TJ , I 'll make waffles . '
tr	NNS	That you hold all the cards and know exactly what will happen , but I 'm in the dark .
tr	NN	But I had caught a glimpse of them .
tr	NN	The core blew the hydrogen in the cells apart .
tr	NNS	He needed all his wits about him .
tr	NN	" It has no effect .
tr	NNS	" She won 't be receiving benefits for being my foster mother any longer since I 've turned eighteen .
tr	NNS	They have their own families to consider . "
tr	NN	He dropped the cap on the floor and took a long pull from the bottle .
tr	NNS	Some actions have so many repercussions . "
tr	NN	Angelina 's head probably hadn 't graced the pillow .
tr	NN	He could feel the paint dribbling down his neck , into the collar of his jacket , and curling along his palms and fingers .
tr	NN	She retrieved the clump and placed it in front of us .
tr	NNS	I 'll break her ribs if - " " Fuck her ribs !
tr	NN	" And that will close out last week 's Scrabble debt in full . "
tr	NN	Would she leave the pup to get hurt or be taken because she couldn 't face going out into the forest ?
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to close her eyes and groan , and she was careful not to look at Sawyer .
tr	NN	After a long period of time the figure finally reached an imposing throne .
tr	NN	Thor recognized this knight .
tr	NNS	He 'd been doing drugs for months .
tr	NNS	No wonder the rural folk around here feared this Romani clan , told tales of spirits and monsters .
tr	NNS	They kept the engines running but chocked the wheels .
tr	NN	Unlike the land horses , Corr doesn 't loiter over hay all night or sigh through his lips .
tr	NNS	She was quietly adding twenty five hundred dollars to her savings account total .
tr	NN	Risa heard the blonde rooting about in the fridge , then watched her pull out a small bowl and pour a water bottle into it .
tr	NNS	Teaching pays thirty-five cents an hour , but I am not tempted by the higher wages .
tr	NNS	" The time right after we ate the dinosaurs . "
tr	NN	" And have voted myself president .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness it didn 't break . "
tr	NN	" What the fuck was that ? "
tr	NNS	After which , hell , he 'd have probably hit the slopes .
tr	NNS	He counted off dates in his head .
tr	NNS	I 've got the supplies we need right here . "
tr	NNS	The sisters recited huge numbers of holy texts and prayers and remembered all sorts of saints and holy men in their prayers .
tr	NNS	" You clear our planets in exchange for the right to keep what you kill ?
tr	NN	Bill heated up his tuna casserole and then joined Kathy and Margie for lunch , thinking he 'd been ignoring them too much this week .
tr	NN	Remember the earthquake that destroyed New City ?
tr	NNS	And I don 't like gods using our kin to get what they want . "
tr	NN	Let me assure you , he has a persona as well .
tr	NNS	They raced along the abandoned tracks in a great blaze .
tr	NNS	Everyone glued their noses to the right window , watching and waiting .
tr	NN	I sneaked a peek at the reception hall , and it 's going to look great . "
tr	NNS	Vashon security sent regular patrols through refugee areas .
tr	NNS	" We fill up balloons .
tr	NN	Meagan yanked the rope from one of the backpacks and she and Ali quickly tied it around Grandpa so he was secured onto the stretcher .
tr	NN	Pierce observed sarcastically , the tension of the moment getting to him .
tr	NN	I never gave him , the real Column a chance !
tr	NNS	He was traversing the haunted corridors of Castle Dracula -- he was hearing the hotel come to life , as in The Shining .
tr	NN	They pick up the simple phrase and bounce it back and forth between them in sweet harmony .
tr	NNS	Some nights , the four of them played cards .
tr	NN	They sang " Happy Birthday , " cut the cake , and lounged around the massive kitchen , sipping cappuccino and espresso .
tr	NNS	Gretchen counted three purse dogs waiting patiently in their uniquely customized bags .
tr	NNS	He raised his palms in surrender .
tr	NNS	" Cindy , how many shots did you fire ? "
tr	NNS	At the first touch of those electrifying hands on her breasts , she scraped her fingernails across his scalp .
tr	NN	Their undulating rings had a hypnotic effect and the water glistened like crystal .
tr	NN	Shivers raced up my spine and a calm heat spread over my entire body .
tr	NN	" By all means the short version . "
tr	NN	" We 're having a private family reception here .
tr	NNS	" And you have sown the seeds of your ultimate demise .
tr	NN	I have some small talent in this area - certainly not like Gregori 's , but I believe I can do some good .
tr	NNS	They are known terrorists and will be punished within the full letter of the law . "
tr	NNS	Twice he 'd flown rescue missions out here , once for stranded fishermen , and another time to save capsized kayakers .
tr	NNS	He had killed dragons for me .
tr	NN	Colwell gave me a mock salute .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , ladies .
tr	NN	He has no chivalry . "
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you offer them some peanuts ? "
tr	NNS	We 'll open the efficiency apartments and bring food for you .
tr	NNS	Plus , Rule needed supplies .
tr	NN	Her fur looks a little misty . "
tr	NNS	He 'd already eaten two buckets of fried chicken since dinner , and the remnants were still on his face .
tr	NN	Starr waved aside that possibility , thank God .
tr	NNS	" Well , we 've had failed meetings before .
tr	NN	His heart must still be beating -- too faint for the hospitals equipment to see .
tr	NN	" Can I make a confession ? "
tr	NN	The human let out a yell , scrambling to his feet .
tr	NNS	" I 'll just make my own adjustments to these specs . "
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths .
tr	NNS	" You 're the Siren , just shake your cans or something and he 'll follow you anywhere . "
tr	NN	Major McCabe had even given her a personal update to let her know the raid on Jocelyn 's place had been a success .
tr	NNS	Selena shuffled her cards .
tr	NN	When none came , he risked a peek .
tr	NNS	" I meant cats " " Yeah .
tr	NNS	I have returned your senses to you for a short break , before I remove them once more .
tr	NN	Silence followed her admission .
tr	NNS	McBride got directions to Central Station from the bus driver .
tr	NN	I heard gunfire , the more swearing over the buzzing wings .
tr	NNS	And I don 't allow dogs in here .
tr	NN	Sometimes , when something bad would happen , he would get a funny sensation .
tr	NNS	We 'll have two methods of determining if they 're in danger from the fallout . "
tr	NN	" Not their style . "
tr	NNS	" We need supplies .
tr	NN	Most women love my cock .
tr	NNS	The echo of her voice caused the bats to screech again and fly .
tr	NN	It was like receiving his advice when I needed it most .
tr	NN	He has a reputation .
tr	NNS	The floating darkness came nearer but was still unrecognizable .
tr	NN	Hear my plea for help my fellow citizens ! "
tr	NNS	To show me her hacking skills .
tr	NNS	one hundred English or UK citizens .
tr	NN	I guard my privacy closely .
tr	NN	She padded barefoot across the room and put on the safety lock .
tr	NN	I call this change in government a new era , a new beginning .
tr	NN	The floor was clean , spotless , the air absent of dust .
tr	NN	How soon can we sell off the factory and recoup our losses ? "
tr	NNS	It 's in spotting connections , in bringing things together in new ways .
tr	NN	He didn 't even summon a healer for her .
tr	NN	He halted his pacing , stood with his hands on his head , gripping it .
tr	NNS	The warriors handed their plates to the boys without even looking toward them and walked off without another word .
tr	NN	The subtle insult had its effect .
tr	NNS	" We have talents that make it easier for us to do some things , so it make sense for us to help out . "
tr	NNS	" My daughter kills their attackers and herself in the process and they 're worried about everything else .
tr	NN	Remember the falcon at Renaissance Times ? "
tr	NNS	This time he donned his battle leathers , which could house several daggers and two different lengths of fighting chains .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods they 're alright . "
tr	NN	Remembering the arrogance of the doctor , Dominic didn 't regret his outburst .
tr	NNS	It caused earthquakes first , then floods . "
tr	NN	" They would love a recording to analyze my translation of the conversation . "
tr	NNS	Plenty of places don 't allow Shifters . "
tr	NNS	My thong slid down my thighs and joined my gown on the floor .
tr	NN	Has the wicked Cornelia extracted her revenge ?
tr	NN	I tied the mare loosely by the water -- which she drank , a little warm too -- while I returned to the tree .
tr	NNS	Does it really need five brains or are some merely glorified nerve clusters and redundant systems ?
tr	NNS	Everyone shut their mouths awkwardly , and for a few long beats , the only sounds were the sizzling grill and the calling birds .
tr	NNS	" He doesn 't drink , or take drugs either . "
tr	NNS	He was snapping his jaws so heavily that they made his own tongue bleed .
tr	NN	My hands slid down the rope as I attempted to secure my grip .
tr	NNS	He still had two dollars he had brought from home .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at him and ran the tip of one finger slowly down his cheek in a deliberately provocative move .
tr	NN	She 'd gotten Del a up and to the dining hal in record time .
tr	NNS	he asked Tess in an effort to distract himself from the sight of Kelly , bent over , back to him , pulling her boots on .
tr	NNS	Greg calls the shots where you 're concerned .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon . "
tr	NN	Day , unit of time , allotted linearity , normal extent of existence - you hang this ? "
tr	NN	He let out a soft and sad snort .
tr	NN	He , in turn , demanded partial custody of the girls .
tr	NNS	The guys circle around us like wolves priming for a kill .
tr	NN	The moment I felt her body against me , I began a chant in my head : You love Jessica .
tr	NN	They were headed up a wide ramp , which led to an entrance aboard ship .
tr	NN	No one 's spoken a different language there for a thousand years . "
tr	NNS	I had employed some crews to reroute power from many of the factories near it in order to keep the field alive for as long as possible .
tr	NN	Just in case , I picked up another cream .
tr	NNS	" Obscure references for a while longer .
tr	NNS	Van has always had much bloodier tastes than I have .
tr	NN	He added a small squeeze .
tr	NN	His picture is there in the entry , he wrote the nicest dedication to Harrison on it . "
tr	NN	Sliding her hands in the pockets of her loose-fitting jeans , she smoothed the rug on the floor with one foot .
tr	NNS	They wore coats and ties and looked inconspicuous .
tr	NN	Andy mentioned revenge , and Lord knows she was tempted , especially after the stunt Gavin pulled tonight .
tr	NN	He tries some humor , adding , " A security nightmare , but certainly not a burden . "
tr	NN	' The Arab League will also back the proposal with a letter of intent to support any and all parties engaging in the peace process . '
tr	NNS	But that wouldn 't cause hallucinations ... right ?
tr	NN	" Just my hip .
tr	NNS	" We 've made our arrangements to attend the service -- luckily their church is close by .
tr	NN	He headed southeast toward Chicago and then cut up north .
tr	NNS	The tone in her voice matched the coldness of her stare .
tr	NNS	He could see the wheels turning furiously in her mind .
tr	NNS	She means mentally , right ?
tr	NNS	He pulled the items from her hands and tossed them on the table .
tr	NN	They enjoyed the breeze and the quietness and the still water much more than they enjoyed the occasional fish that ventured by and hit a hook .
tr	NNS	Closing my eyes , I took deep breaths and forcibly put it all away .
tr	NNS	I can experience another species ' customs and culture .
tr	NN	" Watching this silly duck in the pond . "
tr	NN	The look of fierce concern on his gorgeous face made her every misgiving fade .
tr	NNS	You certainly didn 't have a crazy lioness charging you down .
tr	NN	" I didn 't read your file and see your aunt , Cassie . "
tr	NNS	The knot in my stomach squeezes my insides and reminds me of an unknown detail .
tr	NNS	She had millions of them .
tr	NN	I had the urge to lean back against his chest so he would wrap his arms around me .
tr	NNS	* Donoghue had his new carpet samples and they all looked exactly the same under the electron microscope .
tr	NNS	I revealed the troubles that have transpired ever since Taylor and I moved in together .
tr	NNS	Claire dug her fingernails into his arm in warning , but he wasn 't paying attention .
tr	NN	Kaitlyn felt a ripple in the web and was turning even as Gabriel said , " Beats a campfire . "
tr	NN	Drank like a fish too . "
tr	NN	You 'll go off duty in pairs , understand ? "
tr	NN	Dan ' r stopped the wagon when Marmot 's hooves started to clatter against the wooden dock .
tr	NNS	Only he made a few modifications ... Cassandra gasped as she pulled back slightly and looked around .
tr	NNS	A brisk shake of her head removed the cobwebs that had gathered as she reached for the phone .
tr	NN	She felt the massive body shudder beneath her hand , and continuing her gentle strokes , she waited patiently until the ancient magic filled the air .
tr	NN	I turned the knob as slowly as I could with shaking hands and opened the door .
tr	NN	" He 's got a nice physique .
tr	NNS	But he easily warded off my puny human efforts and tackled me to the ground . "
tr	NN	Birdsong filled the valley .
tr	NNS	" We 're checking the tapes now .
tr	NN	" Tales of breach of courtesy within these walls would have a very bad effect just now .
tr	NNS	She almost feverishly turned back the pages , trying to find it again .
tr	NNS	They read the contracts .
tr	NNS	We found a couple stragglers out there but the kid just kept shaking his head .
tr	NNS	I touched the finely carved scales and then slipped the little dragon into the tote bag with the other magical items .
tr	NNS	I stuffed cotton balls in my ears until there was nothing left to hear .
tr	NNS	He was already dumping the remains of my meal down the disposal .
tr	NNS	I 'm holding up the cliffs .
tr	NNS	Instead , she hovered a few inches above it , propelled forward by some unseen power .
tr	NNS	" Well , your brother gave me roses like that once upon a time .
tr	NNS	Jason 's head rocked backwards , and he blinked , his eyes coming to rest on her face .
tr	NNS	Try these memory association tricks .
tr	NN	I can also smell the soap from here .
tr	NNS	We took off our coats and placed them on the porch of one of the houses and stepped inside .
tr	NNS	His T-shirt was ripped a few inches at the collar , and his neck and cheek were spattered with blood .
tr	NN	That 's called depression .
tr	NN	I found a random cluster that had a damaged tip .
tr	NNS	I 'll make arrangements for Alea to send , uh , Spots here when we go in to rescue Dorian .
tr	NNS	She inhaled the fresh scents of the morning to clear the heavy odor of yeast from her nose .
tr	NNS	I feel an emptiness at times .
tr	NN	The god already had a half-finished beetle in one hand .
tr	NN	When she finished and raised an eyebrow , he quickly scooped up more honey and held it out .
tr	NN	Through the night-vision goggles , he spotted the rope .
tr	NN	" Why do you know that language ? "
tr	NNS	" Have you noticed any other odd changes ? "
tr	NNS	Higher handicap golfers hit more bad shots , and end up with sevens and eights .
tr	NN	Missy yelped and clutched her handbag tighter , making her knuckles turn white .
tr	NN	You have quite a collection of things to juggle and keep straight as we bump along down the road . "
tr	NN	" Reducing your god to a figurehead . "
tr	NNS	Yuri was given specific directions and clearance to the location of the rendezvous .
tr	NNS	She had excuses for Dad , she had the house clean and the table ready , even though she worked all day .
tr	NNS	Michael had anger management issues and a father who 'd traded him to the FBI for immunity from prosecution on white-collar crimes .
tr	NNS	And he didn 't play politics , more than he had to in order to get the job done .
tr	NNS	He lovingly surveyed his surroundings , happily studying the stuffed animals and quilts draped over crude furniture , making sure everything sat correctly in place .
tr	NNS	Your woman can 't talk and play cards at the same time ? "
tr	NN	But it revealed the depth of his pain .
tr	NNS	But that didn 't stop my breasts from providing milk .
tr	NN	Chapter 25 Daniel made U-turn on Ash to avoid driving by the white bungalow .
tr	NN	" The Toad knows no pity .
tr	NN	Take care of yourself , and be careful on the streets , " Jim picked up his briefcase and walked out the door of the station .
tr	NNS	Gabe waits a few more beats and then says , " Finn , enough , okay ? "
tr	NN	He especially admired that one star , glistening more strongly than the rest .
tr	NNS	She bat her eyelashes at him .
tr	NN	Seeing the pain in his eyes made my heart ache and I took a deep breath so I wouldn 't cry .
tr	NNS	God this couldn 't be anymore ... Before he could even finish internalizing what he was experiencing Scorpion 's mothership launched her missiles .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers and hurried into the bathroom .
tr	NNS	They were putting expiration dates on beer nowadays .
tr	NNS	" To the house he 's been chucking bricks at ?
tr	NN	His brother was making a spectacle of himself .
tr	NNS	He 'd already made assumptions once and had nearly lost her .
tr	NN	The vault had a statue of a boy with an old man in tattered wings couching beside him .
tr	NN	17 " I 'll have the chocolate shake , " Colt tells the waitress .
tr	NNS	Rush made the arrangements with a navy chaplain , and Jeff and Susan Dwyer stood up for them .
tr	NN	For that , Haylie deserved a whole row of gold stars .
tr	NN	But if it 's a soul , trapped there , then we have the same effect on it as we do on other supernatural creatures .
tr	NN	I watched the clock .
tr	NN	I 'd performed all the foreplay on him , and received none for myself .
tr	NNS	He held my thighs wide apart with his hands , lining himself up at my entrance , his eyes intense and hungry .
tr	NN	" How could we get proof ? "
tr	NNS	If my nose hasn 't betrayed me , she 's been baking cherry pies today and I know they 're your favorite . "
tr	NN	Twelve years of blaming and self-hate , of wishing I could turn back the clock and do things differently .
tr	NN	Perhaps I should have found a gown for this occasion as well .
tr	NNS	You have seen all our troubles , our miseries , all the ways we have failed .
tr	NN	" We have anybody who knows something to say ? "
tr	NNS	Someone brought candles from the kitchen .
tr	NN	Just like the good cop from Veronica Mars .
tr	NNS	They need production facilities .
tr	NNS	He watched the fine blades blowing in the wind , and drew a few trembling breaths before he continued .
tr	NNS	He picked up the pens and examined them carefully before placing them back on the tray .
tr	NN	He grabbed the towel from me and held it in front of himself , where his thick erection strained against the swim shorts .
tr	NNS	Will knew his own strengths and his weaknesses .
tr	NNS	She could barely make out the huddled forms of the Assassins forming a perfect circle around them .
tr	NN	" My watch says nine thirty-eight . "
tr	NNS	Allie threw off the covers and sat up .
tr	NNS	She 'd had no inhibitions with him , no reservations or hesitation .
tr	NNS	The captain of this vessel has a few issues of his own , so he 's in agreement .
tr	NNS	As of this afternoon , I have several hot leads and appointments for showings booked solid through Friday .
tr	NN	When she ran out of chocolate and plastic spatulas , Dee finally admitted defeat .
tr	NN	I noticed his hand clench at his side , and then he brought it to my face and closed his eyes momentarily .
tr	NN	He let the cold air soak into him , permeating his body , mixing with the cold he felt inside .
tr	NNS	Instead , silver highlights their temples and boredom lines their faces .
tr	NNS	Cain lit the torches and sat beside her on the big rock .
tr	NN	' You have intelligence on the weapon Erebus , have you not ? '
tr	NNS	" The military is setting up their rescue stations across the ridge .
tr	NN	He retrieved his pistol from where it had landed on the other side of the table and shoved it into a shoulder holster .
tr	NN	I kept pacing the floor , tormented by worst case scenarios regarding what the vampire could possibly be doing to my daughter .
tr	NNS	He braced her temples with both hands as she began to settle .
tr	NNS	Travis had mentioned bits and pieces about his brother on slow nights at the Red , but I hadn 't heard much more about Trenton .
tr	NNS	" But even amazing love stories can have bad endings . "
tr	NNS	But because I don 't want any accidents with Taylor .
tr	NNS	All of the sheets had been ripped off the mattress and tossed carelessly on the floor .
tr	NN	Was I having a stroke ?
tr	NN	He keeps swearing he 's going to get you into the kitchen . "
tr	NNS	Like the chunks of cleanser in the shower . "
tr	NN	Alexandra tucked a wayward curl beneath the brim of her sky-blue bonnet and did not argue the issue .
tr	NN	" The British army learned a lo ' from tribes in the Amazon basin .
tr	NN	But I was already getting a cold sensation of possibility .
tr	NNS	Soon she heard noises overhead .
tr	NNS	They detached their fangs and Nathan quickly stopped the bleeding before wrapping her against him .
tr	NN	We have a deadline to meet . "
tr	NN	" Did you hire the lawyer ? "
tr	NN	He tucked the treasure in his purse and made his way to Kerner .
tr	NNS	" You 've done the whole chivalrous routine , okay ?
tr	NNS	They have markings on the material that is sent us sometimes and they say that it is perfectly possible to communicate by such markings .
tr	NNS	I walked a few more blocks until I spotted something suspicious .
tr	NNS	She didn 't understand my motives or my behavior , but she would .
tr	NN	Julie gave a playful pout on her face and lightly slapped Lea 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	We grabbed two beers and planted ourselves in some nearby chairs , silently watching everyone mill about in the backyard .
tr	NN	Chapter Two Impatient , Sable tapped her boot in rapid staccato against the floor .
tr	NN	The words bring a lump to my throat , a sudden surge of wild hope .
tr	NNS	He did not press any more servants on her , although he privately thought that she really should have at least one more girl and a butler .
tr	NN	You 've built a quick reputation .
tr	NNS	After all , we didn 't bring provisions up with us so there 's plenty of room . "
tr	NN	She switched off the burner .
tr	NNS	She took five shots with her left hand and five more with her right hand before each game .
tr	NNS	He wiped away a few tear drops that reluctantly escaped from his eyes .
tr	NN	" Then you understand the debt I owe you . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't step backwards ! "
tr	NN	I strap my backpack on .
tr	NNS	He turns a few more pages .
tr	NNS	" Cut off my balls ? "
tr	NNS	He heard familiar noises .
tr	NNS	When Kylie stopped at the door , Holiday swept her palms over her cheeks .
tr	NN	You no longer have any claim on my time , Jake . '
tr	NN	He brushed a strand of wet hair from my cheek .
tr	NN	I gripped my fork so tightly , color drained from my knuckles .
tr	NN	He had a beard neatly trimmed into sharp pointed aggressiveness and a serious expression .
tr	NN	She had a visitor -- Orlando Kinsley .
tr	NNS	That machine gives me nightmares just thinking about it sometimes . "
tr	NN	Whatever Ella 's touch did to John , apparently it doesn 't have the same effect on humans because Sarah is unaffected .
tr	NN	" Did you sign the document ? "
tr	NNS	At least Susan had students with personalities , who laughed at her jokes , who visited in her office , whom she could enlighten .
tr	NNS	It was burping out the last few drops .
tr	NNS	Only a few paintings decorated the walls , most of them mountainous landscapes , once again giving everything a rustic Western vibe .
tr	NNS	I get a hundred bucks a pop . "
tr	NN	He coasted down the hill , gathering speed .
tr	NNS	Then she recalled suddenly the palms of her hands with small red flecks adhering .
tr	NN	With a snarl , he yanked a dagger out of his boot and pinned the card against the side of the gallows .
tr	NNS	He already got used to the teen girls ' and bigger fans ' reactions like this .
tr	NN	She vanished the vial and rose .
tr	NN	In that time take counsel with thyself , and remember who and what thou art .
tr	NN	I let the conversation recede and turned my head away , staring at the waves .
tr	NN	" Can you give me an advance on the salary ? "
tr	NN	It smelled faintly of jasmine and carnation from a perfume oil I 'd recently gotten Sydney .
tr	NN	" So they wouldn 't test your Collar . "
tr	NN	What harm could it have done to give a sixteen-year-old , paralyzed girl a long-distance boyfriend ?
tr	NN	For the first time she saw the depth of his concern , and an alarm rang somewhere in the back of her mind .
tr	NN	" Now , can I have an advance on my allowance ? "
tr	NNS	When a full hour has passed , I dress and collect the supplies I have selected .
tr	NNS	I know your tricks .
tr	NNS	Dangling between the restraints , he hangs just high enough to prevent resting on his knees , too exhausted to find the strength to stand .
tr	NN	This incident has diminished the faith the rest of the world has in the United States .
tr	NN	He was losing patience with Jake .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of Gregori before she closed her eyes and let herself cry for the loss of her two friends .
tr	NN	He heard the howling of the pack as they sensed the shift inside him .
tr	NNS	She had enjoyed their exchanges , although she wouldn 't have admitted that earlier .
tr	NN	I don 't have the option to say no .
tr	NNS	I heard his labored breaths as he stepped out of his jeans and removed his shirt .
tr	NN	Touching her so intimately had an immediate effect upon him .
tr	NN	It gave her a measure of satisfaction to see him blanch .
tr	NN	In fact , I had a whole collection of them . "
tr	NNS	' Old enough to die in battle , ' said Rufus gruffly as he looked Eben up and down and gave a tight smile .
tr	NN	She opened her closet .
tr	NN	Allie had never seen a more beautiful example of the male body .
tr	NN	He 'd only been shooting the breeze with Yost when he 'd realized she was looking at him with a new intensity .
tr	NN	He lifted a strand of her hair .
tr	NNS	The artist had even captured his dark eyelashes .
tr	NN	Mankind no longer deserves protection and must pay for what they have done to us .
tr	NN	" Do you not mean funeral ? "
tr	NN	" What the fuck is that stuff ? "
tr	NN	We need a part-time research assistant on the show .
tr	NN	So why did his withdrawal have the opposite effect ?
tr	NNS	" We are sitting ducks for god 's sake . "
tr	NN	I opened her walk-in closet .
tr	NN	Victoria felt the doorknob under her hand and turned it silently .
tr	NN	Thus , I want every major department of government to be prepared with its own police force that we can call out if needed .
tr	NNS	Instead , he stepped backwards and gave her space .
tr	NN	Julie grabbed a napkin and covered her face .
tr	NN	He gave a small shrug .
tr	NN	Gregori shifted , a rippling of muscle .
tr	NN	Slowly , she lifted her fork .
tr	NN	" Have your tantrum .
tr	NNS	And various girls had written the usual sentiments .
tr	NNS	We do not bear tales to the humans . "
tr	NNS	He does have certain powers to come here and do that , but he cannot stay .
tr	NN	Every person in each province wears the uniform of the corporation they were indebted to when their parents filed for a new birth permit .
tr	NNS	Two cornerbacks made halfhearted attempts to stick their helmets into his churning legs , but they bounced off like flies .
tr	NN	He pulled off his gauntlet and used his bare hand to reach under the breastplate of his armour .
tr	NN	Someone punched a code into the access panel on the side of the transport chamber .
tr	NNS	I hurriedly erase the texts up to Holly 's last one and drop the phone back in its place .
tr	NN	Luckily they provided her a small fridge filled with cold drinks that kept her hydrated .
tr	NNS	" We 'll need some supplies and most of all , discretion . "
tr	NNS	She searched the second and third floors and found them to be the same as the first : dimly lit , full of confused wanderers .
tr	NN	The idea that I 've wounded the brute 's tiny cat feelings just invites further taunting .
tr	NNS	Sir James made enemies in Scotland , they cost him such lands as his family still had .
tr	NNS	He 'll make big changes and save many souls .
tr	NN	Sick , I felt an ache all through my body .
tr	NN	We finally reached a hidden alcove in the south facing wall of a tower , where a metal door stood framed by a pair of heavy drapes .
tr	NNS	Widen your shoulder blades slightly .
tr	NN	She felt her heart bleeding .
tr	NNS	Using a thumb and forefinger , I rolled the little knobs around , tugging on them until she groaned deeply in her throat .
tr	NNS	He had caught fragments of hushed conversation and heard muffled giggles .
tr	NNS	He took long , deep breaths and closed his eyes , focusing on his breath to keep himself calm .
tr	NNS	But in their city the inhabitants knew the dangers of being out after dark .
tr	NN	The liquid was having an immediate and startling effect on her .
tr	NN	" Fire and sun can always do it , " Killer answered just a touch impatient .
tr	NNS	It only requires the right methods . "
tr	NN	" We definitely need ice cream . "
tr	NN	We 'll get some more comfortable furniture in here as soon as we can . "
tr	NNS	" Dead bodies don 't have auras , so I don 't understand how she could pick up much at a crime scene . "
tr	NNS	Wolves could recognize scents , even years later .
tr	NNS	" I have some pots and pans - I can make dinner over the fire - " " That sounds lovely ! "
tr	NNS	" Well then , I will suggest Johnny 's two blocks over .
tr	NN	Blake hadn 't eaten a bagel in what felt like years .
tr	NN	Jake closed the drawer and stepped out of the office into the conference area and looked over the blackboard again .
tr	NNS	I know your folks .
tr	NNS	The Convention moderator called the delegates to order .
tr	NN	We left the bench and moved discreetly toward the entrance .
tr	NNS	" You fancy your chances against her ? "
tr	NNS	He had cast-iron balls to come into Rossi 's after the way he 'd broken my heart .
tr	NN	I may be signing my own death warrant but why the hell not . "
tr	NNS	But he brushed aside those niceties , not least because it had been tempting to touch her .
tr	NNS	It snapped its jaws together with an audible crunch that the Red Lady heard above the din of the ringing sword against armor .
tr	NNS	Again I had my selfish motives .
tr	NN	He built a fortune and passed it to your father who built this business and the wealth that we have .
tr	NNS	" And suddenly you 're falling backwards .
tr	NNS	They were constantly moving back ... their numbers constantly shrinking .
tr	NNS	" Honored members of the Council , honored members of the Court , and honored guests .
tr	NN	Ben got out his gold-plated pen .
tr	NNS	You overestimate your own powers , JC .
tr	NN	He caught the subtle undertone of sarcasm , and his black eyebrows lifted .
tr	NN	The Amazons rotated the helm throughout their numbers until everyone had healed up and then Aphrodite and I passed it back and forth as our strength waned .
tr	NNS	But I don 't like his methods .
tr	NN	Your mother will call and schedule the appointment .
tr	NN	Max 's amber eyes glare at me , and the scent of cigarettes is strong .
tr	NNS	A place to hide away all the troublesome patients .
tr	NN	He stroked his cock as he smirked .
tr	NNS	Sean puts the reins and a bunch of fabric in my fist , whether or not I 'm ready .
tr	NNS	Command had its prices , and one of those was a nearly complete loss of solitude .
tr	NNS	We followed his directions .
tr	NN	One of the Inquisitors holding her now wraps the red sash around her upper right arm .
tr	NN	Will pushed the needle into the side of my neck .
tr	NN	No , she didn 't need any more ammo .
tr	NN	We 'd walked maybe a quarter of a mile southwest from the fallen tree , and I jotted that down .
tr	NNS	He patted his pockets with a wink .
tr	NNS	" I don 't know enough about these subjects to comment . "
tr	NNS	I scanned my surroundings .
tr	NN	I 'll even put the autopilot on altitude hold for you .
tr	NNS	" Why can 't you guys combine your strengths ? "
tr	NNS	" If either of you boys want to stay around for dinner , you 'd better watch your mouths .
tr	NN	It 's in accepting your destiny rather than denying it . "
tr	NN	It had no conception of time whatever .
tr	NNS	" We handle investments for trusts and individuals .
tr	NN	No matter what happened , he owed Robert a debt .
tr	NNS	Ben paused , his dark eyes in this dim light like pools of blackness .
tr	NN	asked the somber knight , who stood a foot taller than his kind-hearted savior .
tr	NNS	" I haven 't got my credit cards with me .
tr	NN	" If I were you I would have taken justice into my own hands today .
tr	NN	I grasped the knob and turned it .
tr	NN	Piers 's filmy blue eyes searched the landscape of the shore .
tr	NN	The barman mopped around his feet , The wasted bard did low repeat : " Suffer the tide , lest you turn meek ! "
tr	NNS	She had added different ingredients all through the day .
tr	NN	And why exactly did I develop a sudden urge to throw some of that fountain water on both of them ?
tr	NNS	He dumped two AAA batteries out into his palm .
tr	NNS	I would love his whiskers off , love him until he turned gray , until he lost shape .
tr	NN	As Layton tracks the group of guys from the corner of his eye , I can see the distaste in his expression .
tr	NNS	" He 's been asking me all sorts of things about you .
tr	NNS	" Ron Howard " and his sidekick hadn 't been sporting any scratches or gouges .
tr	NNS	" Dylan might have his issues , but ... he 's definitely talented in bed . "
tr	NN	I expect more respect from you as a man who was close to my father . "
tr	NNS	I 've told you before , you 've got new priorities now .
tr	NN	" They did not mean any harm to the poor and needy . "
tr	NN	He let out a loud huff and politely thanked Vane for his time while hustling Donaldson away from the stand .
tr	NN	then caused the rope to fall back and coil itself ready for the next job .
tr	NN	The table has the cleanest white tablecloth I 've ever seen , and the plates and silverware - don 't even get me started on those .
tr	NN	That she chose now to talk to me had the world spinning and my stomach curling into knots .
tr	NNS	She 'd eaten only half of her cheeseburger , and she slipped it into the bag , then added the remains of mine as well .
tr	NN	She swallowed the lump rising in her throat .
tr	NN	He tapped the coordinates in .
tr	NN	In a panic she whipped the rod the other way .
tr	NN	He could give his mother this little bouquet .
tr	NN	I retrieve a menu from the stack on the table near the napkin dispenser and begin reading it over .
tr	NNS	She rinsed the cups and pot as she spoke .
tr	NN	Listen , I took the language in high school because I thought it would give me a good foundation vocabulary for my intended college major . "
tr	NNS	They finished their camp chores and went to bed .
tr	NN	Her lips matched her wrap , and as she approached him her hips swayed seductively .
tr	NNS	Dottie and Ryan used the chairs .
tr	NNS	His left arm had been hacked off two or three inches above the wrist .
tr	NN	Tell your damn sermon .
tr	NN	Hunter could feel her dread like a chill as he continued speaking with Lucan .
tr	NN	Just the feel of his fingers on her caused a ripple of intense pleasure , a rush of dampness .
tr	NNS	After all , they had failed all these centuries .
tr	NN	* * * DYLAN BURST INTO the pub .
tr	NN	Nevertheless , he took the towel and soap , staggered to the brook and did as he was told .
tr	NN	He squeezed her butt .
tr	NNS	Thankfully he had had centuries to gain control of his hungers .
tr	NNS	He made special fresh juices for the difficult movie star .
tr	NN	" I have no objection to telling you .
tr	NN	They have no proof that you did this , and yet they are determined to bring you down .
tr	NN	Way to make a great second impression .
tr	NN	I don 't like this jealousy I feel , but I can 't deny it either .
tr	NN	" I can sense something 's troubling you Sharon . "
tr	NN	" But you have talent . "
tr	NNS	" I love roses , and romance novels , and pizza with everything , except anchovies .
tr	NN	Parents just don 't understand the code that kids follow .
tr	NN	The receiver has a range of about a mile so get yourselves into a small hotel within range and keep an eye on her that way .
tr	NNS	He never answered unknown numbers .
tr	NNS	I could see the torches that the soldiers carried flickering in the night even from here .
tr	NN	Vimes prodded a short illustrated article on page four , his finger stabbing at the page .
tr	NNS	Only way we know it is counterfeit is when we destroy our old money , we register the serial numbers .
tr	NNS	" You know , where the blood comes from , hearts and stuff . "
tr	NNS	Then again , he could always simply fill those silences with kissing .
tr	NNS	As we drove off we could see vast numbers of police arriving at the scene .
tr	NNS	I have had some sisters ask this child about her experience with them , which has been extensive .
tr	NNS	I realized your abilities when your hands lit up earlier , back when you were approaching the house . "
tr	NN	The boat strained at her lines as the rising wind roared down the harbour and buffeted the boat in her slip .
tr	NNS	" We buy supplies from them . "
tr	NN	He gave her a quick squeeze and was out the door .
tr	NN	He heard a desk drawer slam .
tr	NNS	I flip through a few more pages and come across experiment # 39 .
tr	NNS	He grazed his pelvis against her thigh and felt himself growing hard .
tr	NNS	" Literally , I 'd gone three blocks when it started pouring .
tr	NN	" I like that phrase .
tr	NNS	You idiots , we don 't have facilities on this ship .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs , threatening us .
tr	NNS	Throw drugs into the mix , and no telling what kind of havoc they would create .
tr	NNS	Still , he defended his brother 's actions .
tr	NN	She opened the boot and tried to take away my luggage .
tr	NNS	The air smelled of concession stand hot dogs and soft pretzels , and a bunch of kids were milling around the gates .
tr	NNS	I spread my thighs a little so Reagan 's leg is touching mine , and she squeezes my hand as the movie starts .
tr	NN	She pulled the rope tight against her foot , clutching hard with both hands at the level of her stomach .
tr	NN	She wiggled her butt so it was more solidly in my lap and glared .
tr	NNS	They can call their powers from all around , not just project it from their bodies .
tr	NN	Leaning against the fridge , he gulped down the scalding liquid and waited for the java to do its thing .
tr	NN	" Watch your language ! "
tr	NN	And poor little Tara Williams - your own classmate ! "
tr	NNS	" We do not have enough provisions to feed a nameless NPC . "
tr	NNS	She shuffled the cards .
tr	NNS	They had fancy titles ( chair of this , director of that , all followed by their Heritage party title ) .
tr	NN	" I lost the throne , essentially , because I wasn 't willing to lie . "
tr	NNS	She 'd have new pots and pans , and he 'd probably get more leftovers than ever .
tr	NN	" We didn 't hire anybody .
tr	NNS	My family will have targets on their backs as soon as the killers find out I 'm alive . "
tr	NNS	I could feel the stings and burns on my back from hitting the gravel pile .
tr	NN	Miriam saw her ' aunt ' turn purple .
tr	NNS	Aunt Patrice has four sons .
tr	NN	Many of the soldiers on the approaching road stopped their advance .
tr	NN	" Stand your ground Enoch ! "
tr	NN	Can you put electricity into it or not ? "
tr	NNS	It landed several yards away and a tall , muscular guy got out first , a girl wearing a blood-soaked T-shirt in his arms .
tr	NNS	They never did understand cats .
tr	NN	Put your pencil down . "
tr	NN	Will you answer his prayer ? "
tr	NN	We just got that shipment of Pena ceiling medallions in , and I would hate for anything to come up missing . "
tr	NNS	My arms go around her thighs and spread her open farther so my tongue can go deeper .
tr	NN	I hit the brake as the light ahead changed to red .
tr	NNS	He must 've smelled different scents .
tr	NNS	" Blood can carry diseases , too , so be careful .
tr	NNS	I had counseled several grieving families during my short time in the priesthood , and real grief was less Hollywood .
tr	NN	I hear a pained yell , and sprint in the other direction with the sound of gunfire in my ears .
tr	NNS	He slipped a few more items out of sight and stood , whistling , as he closed the chest .
tr	NNS	I can feel my thumbs connecting in the sinews of his body , touch his spinal cord , feel its veins wrap around my fingers like spaghetti .
tr	NN	" From a pod ? "
tr	NN	He couldn 't help the low growl that built in his throat .
tr	NNS	Could he see the tracks of her tears ?
tr	NNS	Her sweet syrupy voice worked wonders on the captivated man 's mind .
tr	NN	I have never seen his face sag that way before .
tr	NN	She leaned a slim hip against the marble counter dividing the kitchen from the seating area .
tr	NN	He gripped her inner thigh and twisted the sensitive skin there .
tr	NN	I heard his snort of laughter but didn 't dare look at him because I was afraid I 'd kill him .
tr	NN	Who had thrown a temper tantrum when he 'd refused ?
tr	NNS	He 's not only being rude , he 's straight up telling lies about you . "
tr	NNS	After assuring her mother she 'd be careful as she went for a walk , Echo strapped her daggers to her back and headed toward the river .
tr	NN	He picks up the condom next to me and quickly rips it open and pulls it on .
tr	NN	The plane had begun its descent .
tr	NNS	His feet made suctioning noises as he pulled them free , and the water sloshed around him as he fell forward and reached out for support .
tr	NNS	They grasped her thighs , then each other .
tr	NNS	21 That makes two requests for Peeta 's death in less than an hour .
tr	NN	A chill went down Dimitri 's spine .
tr	NN	Daniel felt a lump in his throat , remembering the encounter on the bluff .
tr	NN	" I don 't wear the uniform anymore . "
tr	NN	Old Quil just about had a stroke . "
tr	NN	The dead body before her was richly adorned and a shimmer of holiness surrounded his glittering crown .
tr	NN	It makes a mockery of scholarship .
tr	NN	Alec gave Magnus the condensed version of what had happened in the faerie court .
tr	NN	They might feel the subtle flow of power or even hear what was said .
tr	NN	He 'd already circled the complex in his van to get a sense of the layout .
tr	NN	Usually the bright white of newly fallen snow brought a peaceful serenity to the landscape .
tr	NNS	Her heart did several little flips as she searched through the diaper bag one-handed .
tr	NN	You practically have your owl . "
tr	NN	And now Theo Hanlon was playing the very same venue !
tr	NNS	Milton chucked outwardly causing him to choke on a bit of food still in his mouth .
tr	NN	His eyes reflected the ache I felt , and I knew I could trust him on that .
tr	NN	But if you want me to , I 'll get custody of you again just as soon as I can .
tr	NN	But Liz didn 't really take credit for it .
tr	NN	Before Amelia could reply the waiter returned with a brand new entree , hidden by a silver dish cover .
tr	NN	They didn 't spot her til she was close .
tr	NN	He had a white groomed beard .
tr	NNS	Because of its location in between the tropic and temperate zones by the Mediterranean , Israel experienced vast climate changes within its borders .
tr	NNS	We had no arguments about it ; Will even added a few that I hadn 't thought about .
tr	NN	I kept my katana at heart height .
tr	NN	He wanted his own version the Huntington Beach pier installed on the Monterey coastline , and he was struggling with the permits .
tr	NNS	" Hmm ... " Demetri threw off my covers , I looked down .
tr	NNS	They always want equal rights . "
tr	NNS	" You can borrow my study guides if you want .
tr	NNS	Little shops offering sandwiches , and sweet meats flashed past .
tr	NN	Aimee gave her a knowing smirk .
tr	NN	" I said a prayer last night too . "
tr	NNS	Nightingale smiled thinly and raised his bottle in salute at the television set .
tr	NN	I stop pacing , pick up a hollowed-out ballpoint pen , and do another line off the cracked coffee table .
tr	NN	He is conveying to me the extent of his injuries .
tr	NNS	" Yeah ... I wonder when I 'll actually sleep through the night again , " Aran said dimly .
tr	NNS	His father ran errands for Big Simon .
tr	NNS	Although the Canadian side of the bridge appeared to be deserted , the sounds of machine fire erupted the quietness of the woods .
tr	NNS	Who had a million dollars to spend at a bachelor auction ?
tr	NN	" Eric owes a debt . "
tr	NN	' I am , I 've written an article for Sounds about you today .
tr	NN	" I appreciate your advice , Marie .
tr	NN	And one of those generals would have a particular Italian pop star on his arm during social hour .
tr	NN	It has potential to get ugly . "
tr	NNS	" You 're pimping your models . "
tr	NNS	I blow out the candles , and the four of us dig into Mom 's red velvet cake with cream cheese icing .
tr	NN	Did I miss the proposal ? "
tr	NNS	He used his thumbs to wipe her tears .
tr	NN	The guards let down the drawbridge .
tr	NN	Riding a motorcycle . "
tr	NNS	" I like labels .
tr	NN	Her heart gave a small leap as she glanced into the pale face of the vampire at her side .
tr	NNS	He felt little Mortimer twitch at the memory and shook his head .
tr	NNS	That kept almost all witches in line .
tr	NNS	She was trying his patients , for when he dismounted and took her by the hand his grip was almost bruising .
tr	NNS	I grabbed two cans of Coca-Cola , opened them both , and took one to Susan .
tr	NN	Well , at least my physical depth will match the depth of my misery .
tr	NNS	" I warm up two giant bowls of soup and head upstairs and hand one to Claire .
tr	NN	He extended his wing , and Paul helped Skyler climb up onto the dragon 's back .
tr	NN	Now you just rest honey and I 'll spread the word . "
tr	NNS	And he couldn 't change positions .
tr	NN	A wave of nostalgia struck Ice and he stood frozen in place .
tr	NNS	" People have nightmares .
tr	NN	And Ben had a responsibility to Calvin Leeson and to the dead teen 's mother .
tr	NN	Even the thought of leaving her with that man who called himself her father caused an ache in Damien 's chest .
tr	NNS	Hardened parts of the male anatomy can be called " rocket ships " that explode into space .
tr	NN	Until then I just needed a bath .
tr	NN	Lord Della 's aye decided the vote .
tr	NNS	Another person made a quieting hiss .
tr	NN	Watching the battle , Kata very nearly missed the second phantom that rose from the lava behind her .
tr	NNS	She removed her slippers .
tr	NN	I don 't need a crown to know you 're a queen .
tr	NN	Bugs could hear Smith 's call growing fainter .
tr	NNS	It was probably about how best to use my abilities , so you 'd think I should at least be privy to it .
tr	NNS	He gave me a thumbs up .
tr	NNS	She flips forward a few pages , then opens a window in the glass and slides the book out to me .
tr	NN	I find our stove , smashed .
tr	NN	Teddy , on the other hand , had a completely different personality .
tr	NN	The CEO waved a hand impatiently through the air .
tr	NN	He 'd dip his toe into violence first , see if the Ox could really do it .
tr	NNS	Bea threw tiny balls of flames as Piper flicked her blue flames at them .
tr	NNS	They studied the front license plates , then the rear .
tr	NN	Diana watched the darkness flow past the window .
tr	NNS	The synergy level at the ICS exceeded all expectations .
tr	NNS	Many candidates have pros and cons that weigh each other out .
tr	NNS	We pass shops that I haven 't seen since this all kicked off , ones we hadn 't got as far as whilst scavenging .
tr	NN	He sipped his martini , winced .
tr	NNS	Intelligence reports showed the Chinese farming vast areas of the San Joaquin Valley .
tr	NNS	Cats have ten sharpened daggers and can call them into action in a split second with just a tightening of the muscles in their toes .
tr	NNS	Your dad doesn 't have powers anymore .
tr	NNS	" We don 't have enough leads at present to form robust ideas of motive Sir .
tr	NNS	Never , " Luther said fervently .
tr	NN	" About the same rank as an angel . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't you remember our dates ? "
tr	NN	About me possibly being made Omega president after I was inducted and everyone went against Zach .
tr	NN	Jake stopped the motorcycle in front of his door .
tr	NNS	They situated the items they were taking into the coffin .
tr	NNS	God performed many miracles in order to win their freedom .
tr	NNS	The Prince surveyed the council members .
tr	NNS	He switched the plates back to their original positions .
tr	NNS	Helping her sort blocks .
tr	NN	One native carried a flag , a swastika -- no , it was the mirror reflection of a swastika .
tr	NNS	The boy is drawing the buildings that will be here .
tr	NN	I just can 't begin that treatment until this infection goes away .
tr	NNS	Funny how one 's mind plays tricks on them when so close to dying .
tr	NNS	Air formed solid , spinning wheels spread out across the plain like enormous scythes .
tr	NNS	I 'll call off the dogs and tell them to give you some space .
tr	NNS	But the upstairs windows had venetian blinds with lights behind them .
tr	NN	Not by mere renunciation does one attain supreme perfection .
tr	NN	I moved up the long , sloping hill , gazing at the large homes around me , occupying land which had once been farmland .
tr	NN	They noticed Brick 's discomfort .
tr	NNS	" She said , ' I only have two sons .
tr	NNS	" I had my doubts until I got a look at you .
tr	NNS	Publishers pay authors , not the other way around .
tr	NN	Her wonderful , protective brothers considered a motorcycle too dangerous for their baby sister to ride .
tr	NN	She needed their respect if she was going to work with them .
tr	NN	This law was called the Law of Nature because people thought that every one knew it by nature and did not need to be taught it .
tr	NNS	I kneaded her breasts in my hands again and she let out a pleading whimper .
tr	NNS	Alexis and Patrick kiss like lovers who 've been burning for each other .
tr	NN	His regular patients had seen the article and didn 't want to be anywhere near an ongoing investigation .
tr	NNS	" You going to make me play Twenty Questions ? "
tr	NNS	With his mother a member of the Senate , they might draw their own conclusions .
tr	NN	As soon as she touched the painting , she had total clarity of thought .
tr	NN	Show us the way , " Jayden broke up the argument .
tr	NNS	Della recalled the gang members doing - " Someone knows . "
tr	NNS	" Some SOB in a black vehicle just took shots at her . "
tr	NNS	Most of these people , being noncombatants , had developed skills for keeping silent and out of sight .
tr	NNS	She had no illusions as to Wall 's trustworthiness ; she would have kept a sample herself if she 'd been in his position .
tr	NNS	The were , a good three inches shorter than Burnett , didn 't show fear , nor did his posture provoke aggressiveness .
tr	NNS	This realization totally reversed Sally 's assumptions about Franca 's relationship with Paolo , and sent her into an emotional tailspin .
tr	NNS	My father adjusted the items on his desk so they lined up just so .
tr	NN	And Della and I made a pact yesterday . "
tr	NN	With such a powerful artifact they could not only destroy the Veil , but it would give them dominion over the other vampires . "
tr	NN	The eleven stood vigilant , side by side .
tr	NNS	To step away , smile and make her excuses .
tr	NN	She had the impression he ate there regularly .
tr	NN	All the talk of kissing and intimacy started an ache in Keeley 's chest .
tr	NN	She can make anybody like her , including other vampires . "
tr	NNS	He loses his senses .
tr	NN	But he wanted proof .
tr	NNS	He wasn 't just selling the drugs .
tr	NN	Really someone should do an intervention .
tr	NNS	Grabbing an old shirt , he cleaned the white drops of cum from his stomach before walking into the bathroom .
tr	NN	Can I keep the pistol too ? "
tr	NN	Pie à la mode .
tr	NNS	She 's got silver hoops in her ears and pale pink blush on her cheeks .
tr	NN	For that , you 'd need a search warrant . "
tr	NNS	He followed their directions on how to prepare it , by making a type of soup with it .
tr	NNS	Familiar concrete edged the platforms .
tr	NN	She pulled up her quilt from the end of the bed to ward off the chill .
tr	NN	He felt her little blue claws digging into him as well .
tr	NN	Not a cloud mars its perfection .
tr	NNS	They 've got some major mental influence skills , so keep focused and make sure your head is clear . "
tr	NN	From memory , he gave the quick and dirty review of Ackerman Labs - sales , profits , cash , competitors , other legal problems .
tr	NN	Eric assumed the mantle of peacekeeper and steered us back on topic .
tr	NN	He stopped and held the net up to examine i. . .
tr	NN	I 'll ask the nurse to bring me another vase . "
tr	NNS	She 'd had serious doubts about how long her desirability would last for Fletcher .
tr	NNS	From a small , multi-tiered carousel on a side table , he selected two mechanical pencils , and they both began to draw .
tr	NN	My mom took his ribbon and held it up .
tr	NN	His eyes , as if mesmerized , never left the needle in her hand .
tr	NN	She put the pen down and waited .
tr	NN	" Oh , they 'll give you input on that .
tr	NNS	We 'll get the blocks in and cap it first ! '
tr	NNS	The king expected assassination attempts .
tr	NNS	" And killed my unborn sons in the process ? "
tr	NN	I have made a wager with our brother Death . "
tr	NN	" Whoever likes unsolicited advice ? "
tr	NNS	She worked the two foot pedals , finding the delicate balance between the tail and main rotors .
tr	NN	The females will use the front stairwell . "
tr	NN	And if he would meet the same fate .
tr	NN	" Apparently , he was on the Gold Coast watching a surfing championship , though it 's more likely he was ogling the bikini girls . "
tr	NN	Hoping I 'd proven myself , I removed the crown .
tr	NN	When Lisa 's soft voice filtered through the receiver , harried and frantic , I signaled the bartender and mouthed ' check please ' .
tr	NNS	The rich have so few useful skills . "
tr	NN	A failed experiment . " "
tr	NNS	I have seen wonders only poets can imagine .
tr	NN	Eleanor resisted the urge to run straight to Hart and stopped to hug Isabella and Mac .
tr	NN	The girl has talent .
tr	NN	A glowing orb over her head gave a faint halo to the few couples that were loitering on the ramp .
tr	NN	Delilah checked the monitor and smiled .
tr	NN	But she dropped umbrella and basket too , and yelled a frightful yell .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down my spine as my stomach clenched in dread .
tr	NNS	It took twenty bucks from my little beaded purse . "
tr	NN	When we got back on the bus Jess was back into tutoring mode and asked me a gazillion questions for the test .
tr	NNS	She didn 't use her powers to influence them to do it , rather she left the decision to help or not up to them .
tr	NN	I could feel my exhaustion all the way to my bones .
tr	NN	That stopped the banter .
tr	NN	On his feet , the man gives me a scowl .
tr	NN	Catriona Whittier was watching their interaction with the same interest .
tr	NN	In a quieter section of the hall , a tailor and his assistants were measuring a rather large lawyer for an Italian suit .
tr	NN	I stood confounded , my sword in my hand , hardly knowing what to make of it .
tr	NN	The Fugitive scientists would pay a fortune for this information .
tr	NNS	The tribe defends a circle , clans defend directions .
tr	NNS	I start my classes this Monday .
tr	NN	Shaw laid a wristwatch on the counter .
tr	NNS	Torn , faded drapes clung against the windows .
tr	NNS	The boys took the two empty chairs in front of Jack 's desk and waited for Jack to finish what he was working on .
tr	NNS	And some could control the actions of humans with but a stray thought .
tr	NNS	Amy grabs the supplies and hands Chest the bag .
tr	NN	He never lost faith , that one . "
tr	NN	This time , her laugh had humor , and he couldn 't help joining in .
tr	NN	I pushed my plate and its half a bagel across the table .
tr	NNS	" Even though we 're standing here watching them peel incinerated bits of the Governor off the wall . "
tr	NN	When she was inside , I closed the curtain .
tr	NN	In his haste , he broke the fragile clasp .
tr	NN	You didn 't even give me crap about it .
tr	NNS	Turning her to the bed , he opened her thighs .
tr	NN	The two ladies strolled down the ramp , the ship calling after them .
tr	NN	To do the deed at hand .
tr	NN	The Academy would pay a fortune for this . "
tr	NN	She could no longer take the torment from him and moved forward , pushing the perfectly tailored material off his broad shoulders .
tr	NN	He set the pizza down and leaned forward .
tr	NNS	There was a sign back there advertising free samples . "
tr	NNS	Leaning against one another , weaving from side to side , they approached the wizards .
tr	NNS	" Energize the missiles . "
tr	NNS	Clothes jam-packed the racks , and there was a large wall of heels and boots on the back wall .
tr	NNS	I was just scanning blueprints of the Sheraton Park Lane Hotel , and some buildings I found peculiar on Google Earth when we arrived .
tr	NNS	He flung the drops against the far wall .
tr	NNS	To keep his mind from those traps , he scanned his surroundings .
tr	NN	Reese gave a loud whoop of delight .
tr	NN	You 'll get a 10 % discount on your first order and I will make $ 100 . "
tr	NNS	" Did you see their thighs ? "
tr	NNS	He would have rather stuck needles in his eyes , but he wouldn 't be able to reasonably justify another delay .
tr	NNS	I curled around the emptiness and pulled a yellow quilt around my shaking shoulders .
tr	NNS	Together they pulled the drug runners away from the wreckage , and Diego handcuffed them .
tr	NN	Why have you moved all the furniture around ? "
tr	NNS	" How many human beings have no household robots at all ? "
tr	NN	Johnny set up a mic for her and soon she sang along to Christine 's voice .
tr	NNS	Sighing , he laid out my blades on the cloth and got up .
tr	NN	Jonas took the dagger down from the wall .
tr	NN	Having all four women in the same room must have heightened his bloodlust to another degree , giving him all the vigor he needed .
tr	NN	She read the file twice more , but nothing new popped out at her .
tr	NNS	He teased her breasts , feathering touches over the taut peaks , circling them before rolling her nipples between his thumb and forefinger .
tr	NNS	Would it reveal unknown miracles ?
tr	NN	' The best way we 've found of taking people out of the ARC is by using the method we 've applied to you .
tr	NN	The instructor turned the aircraft onto the runway , gunned the engine , and they began to surge forward .
tr	NN	She had the sensation of being torn from her safe haven .
tr	NN	Robin copied his uncle , clapping his small hands together .
tr	NNS	He absently patted his pockets .
tr	NNS	The very strength of the British fleet left the ships on the blockade in strangely isolated circumstances .
tr	NNS	Rolling relieves stress and hones skills for both of the fighting friends .
tr	NN	" I placed the gown in your office for the benefit .
tr	NN	" I have heard that groan before .
tr	NN	Thinking like that jeopardizes not only your well-being , but that of your team as well .
tr	NN	Lucian could feel her rising nausea as she realized she was in the ground , not in the sleeping chamber .
tr	NNS	He shot three members of your meeting , apparently sent to assassinate you .
tr	NN	In the bottom-right one , I found an interesting manila dossier full of pictures , old-fashioned black and whites that would 've required a dark room .
tr	NN	The Order may have disrupted his operation , but he was far from defeated .
tr	NNS	I 'd be accidentally starting fires all over the place . "
tr	NN	He cut a slice of meat and tasted his steak , then looked up and smiled at her stricken expression .
tr	NNS	Might hurt babies . '
tr	NN	Laura knew the drill .
tr	NN	Lara replaced the receiver .
tr	NN	It belonged to his landlady , Mrs. Clark , a fellow Scot whose name had been recommended to him by an acquaintance back home .
tr	NNS	They had sent Melissa up with two dollars and seventy five cents worth of quarters , plenty to keep her occupied for a little while .
tr	NNS	He checked his pockets and he had enough for another pint .
tr	NNS	" They 're always selling food items on special .
tr	NN	She grabbed the nickel-plated door knob .
tr	NNS	The device lowered just inches above Adelle 's face and stopped .
tr	NNS	I 'd taken many walks in these woods and Miranda had grown up on this property , but it didn 't really help at night time .
tr	NNS	As they entered the tunnel someone dropped coins into the guitar case .
tr	NN	The root word meant close ally , but it was conjugated in a way I had not seen before .
tr	NNS	She did not need her other senses to perceive the tension prowling through him .
tr	NNS	It licked the last few fragments from the grimy patio .
tr	NNS	When they open their mouths they have razor sharp fangs , and they try to devour the vigilantes .
tr	NNS	I throw the covers off and change into my running clothes .
tr	NN	In a minute that is followed by a large bowl of steaming , fragrant stew .
tr	NN	Enjoy the barbecue ! "
tr	NN	He felt the effect almost instantly .
tr	NN	The man across the table , sitting a chair away from Isaac , had a reputation quite opposite .
tr	NNS	" Of course not , " he said around a mouthful , " you ate all those sandwiches . "
tr	NN	I should 've accepted my fate and let my parents talk to me .
tr	NN	She snagged the towel with one hand while her other still clutched tightly to the shower curtain .
tr	NNS	We have used up our medical supplies on three of our own who were wounded .
tr	NN	Jayden slammed a body block into his inner elbow and knocked the professor 's grasp away before he punched him solidly in the solar plexus .
tr	NNS	He and I have seen some troubles since he first tracked me to New Terra , but this caps them all .
tr	NNS	I have zero complaints about the sex .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you have sensors ? "
tr	NNS	She walked down the aisles , touching the various hardware that was on display .
tr	NN	Thompson had fought the urge to speak those words to her .
tr	NNS	One by one they picked up their chairs and moved to the front of the classroom .
tr	NN	It even had a rotund belly and felt warm in his hands .
tr	NN	Seems we 're just doing wrap-up banter at this point . "
tr	NN	Some men of the village offered us resistance , armed with scythes and other implements .
tr	NNS	I must know my disciples , and those who fail me .
tr	NN	And you can 't buy loyalty .
tr	NNS	" Can we get our coats ? "
tr	NN	" I know who you are , cowboy .
tr	NNS	" Marlo set explosives .
tr	NN	Sir Max picked up his whisky and sank it in one gulp before he stood .
tr	NN	I put my ID back in my purse and return my attention to him .
tr	NN	" If only she had taken this last sip , " Jennie touches the napkin on the table .
tr	NN	I had a parasite .
tr	NNS	It left her breathless .
tr	NN	Otherwise , I will make it my life goal to give you the most painful death you ever imagined .
tr	NNS	And she smiled viciously .
tr	NN	His hand lifted , the urge to possess her born from a need that came from his heart .
tr	NN	" Check out the magic crap . "
tr	NN	I have my own cubs to look after , and I. Just .
tr	NN	Even so , they may not accept a substitute without my presence , but it 's the best I can do at short notice .
tr	NN	Tim 's hand hovered over the receiver and looked at the blinking light .
tr	NNS	Because if you don 't , the embarrassment would not only destroy both our families , but the stocks for your father 's company would plummet . "
tr	NN	Iris blocked the dagger and got stuck in the heart .
tr	NNS	He harboured bacteria that Clara would have known the names for .
tr	NNS	The assassin demanded one million dollars per successful hit , and always ensured that payment was made .
tr	NNS	Leslie pulled two chicken breasts out of the freezer and stuck them in the microwave .
tr	NN	" Maybe we should get a cop .
tr	NN	With the changing colors of leaves came Homecoming .
tr	NNS	" And you 'll make beautiful babies . "
tr	NN	Sara held the shoe up to the light and squinted at it -- all sides .
tr	NNS	You need serious provisions if you 're headed that way .
tr	NN	said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NN	Sofia smiled and rubbed the phoenix 's beak .
tr	NNS	" We don 't have earthquakes where I 'm from .
tr	NNS	Light flooded the tunnels like a monsoon .
tr	NNS	My tongue dips out of my mouth to caress the bite marks of days gone by on my chapped bottom lip .
tr	NN	The other kids around him nodded their heads fervently , agreeing with the comments .
tr	NN	His tongue gave hers a possessive stroke in response before she broke the kiss , letting her know that he was very much interested in her .
tr	NNS	I grabbed napkins and forks and placed them on the table as well .
tr	NNS	Bringing Danny to speed the band decided on their next busking trip they 'd visit some small independent labels .
tr	NNS	The knights quickly brought their shields and laid four of them on the ground in a line .
tr	NNS	The other ships had all taken up anchoring positions around the large green bridge that towered over the river .
tr	NN	She grabbed the receiver .
tr	NN	I don 't want any special treatment . "
tr	NNS	I can sense their movements in the ground and hear the whispers in the dark .
tr	NNS	" I 've heard the arguments against privatizing space , " Gabrielle said , " and I understand your concerns . "
tr	NNS	Soon I will have over two hundred and ninety thousand dollars in the bank .
tr	NNS	A rush of desire swamped his senses as his arms tightened around her .
tr	NN	' Did I release my seed ? '
tr	NN	When they realize we 're gone , they 'll raise a shout , but it means nothing to us , Brenna .
tr	NN	He could see a squad of four guards heading toward the room they were in .
tr	NN	Finally , she scanned the woman 's last item , a carton of toothbrushes , and pushed the Total button .
tr	NN	I beg your patience , for now I was as bemused by this little girl as you might be .
tr	NNS	With a wave to Gerald , one of the band 's security guards , he ducked backstage .
tr	NN	She 'd chosen her assistant well .
tr	NNS	I should 've followed my instincts .
tr	NNS	They pitch pigeons and have shooters guarding the top of the buildings 24 hours a day . "
tr	NN	" I called the dance and cheer squad . "
tr	NNS	Then I retrieved two plastic patio chairs from the corner and set them on the floor in the corner .
tr	NNS	They 'd never had awkward silences between them .
tr	NN	" He fell off the tire swing . "
tr	NNS	You can 't carry metals for me now . "
tr	NN	Even expected a confrontation .
tr	NNS	He 'll herd the deer when he 's bigger . "
tr	NN	Eleanor slid off her camisole and twined her arms around Hart 's neck .
tr	NNS	What special abilities might she have ?
tr	NNS	That evening , I clipped my toenails .
tr	NN	" Bagels , " Ice announced , then snapped a plastic lid on his coffee .
tr	NN	She really believed the male whore I lived with was going to call her right up as soon as he got her message .
tr	NNS	Cobblestone roads connected the busy shops .
tr	NNS	After three quarters , the Broncos have eighty-one yards in total offense , and three , count 'em , three first downs .
tr	NN	Stone handled that task with a skill born of practice , and Thimble leaned forward to watch .
tr	NN	Brows drawn , he drove the shovel deeper .
tr	NNS	" Over here we have the outdoor chairs . "
tr	NNS	Caroline 's eyes followed the movements of Elena 's hands as if compelled , but it was clear from her snarling that she hated it .
tr	NN	She picked up a chicken wing .
tr	NN	" You have really bad timing . "
tr	NN	Moments she 'd treasure for the rest of her life , even when he was gone .
tr	NNS	" Just be careful you don 't get snuffed like the other cigarette butts ! "
tr	NN	Richard clutched his pulse rifle as unseen nocturnal animals , and faint unidentifiable sounds played tricks on his weary mind .
tr	NN	Celaena rushed down a staircase , then strode along a hallway lined with books .
tr	NNS	" Unfortunately we have not built up our reserves yet .
tr	NN	The ovoid begins the descent towards the Security Headquarters .
tr	NNS	" I followed the directions . "
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples waiting for the pain to ebb and fought threatening depression .
tr	NNS	I felt the hardness of a very different body part before realizing who all the parts belonged to .
tr	NN	" I don 't know what it is exactly they do , " Mortimer admitted wearily , suddenly sure she would balk at the procedure .
tr	NNS	And now he commanded Jess to the back deck to look at stars .
tr	NNS	The trailer also had two wheels and it made loud creaking noises from the bar that connected it to the vehicle .
tr	NN	Evan shifted uncomfortably , a small frown wrinkling his forehead .
tr	NN	" But you didn 't tell anybody . "
tr	NNS	She gave me nearly a dozen knives , most of them long and thin and easily concealed .
tr	NN	A woman 's voice let out a ringing , defiant shout .
tr	NNS	" Haven 't the twins been doing their chores ? "
tr	NN	I can hear the outrage in his voice .
tr	NNS	" Too bad you don 't still own the boxing clubs that you were so fascinated by in Victoria 's time .
tr	NN	For a moment , Steven had an incredible urge to hit something , preferably Howard Williams ' face .
tr	NNS	I smell the strawberries , growing wild along the cracks of the rock .
tr	NN	" In America we have an identity crisis .
tr	NNS	Unlike many , rather than use the two-bit emission tester at Capitol Drugs , he 'd take his suspicious tubes to Scott .
tr	NNS	She looked backwards and turned forward again , constantly moving the light .
tr	NNS	Luther had great instincts .
tr	NNS	My father has his interests and I have mine .
tr	NNS	She cried buckets and then threatened to beat us all over again . "
tr	NNS	Tavi found his paces quickening .
tr	NN	She held a rifle with a long banana clip that slammed into the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Barefoot and shirtless , Derek paced the confines of his prison .
tr	NNS	He 'd had several meetings with the President , with specific discussions over this particular alien invasion .
tr	NN	As a man of his own means , Lucien had little respect for anyone who allowed his pride to get in the way of survival .
tr	NNS	He 'd given her explosive orgasms and foreplay to die for .
tr	NN	Now , let 's finish this circuit before - " She didn 't finish her sentence .
tr	NNS	Her unending wants and needs had automatically generated errands , chores , and duties .
tr	NNS	We split the packs and remaining water , and soon she and Grady are heading slowly back down the trail .
tr	NN	What contacts did she have ?
tr	NNS	She tucked the coins into the back pocket of her jeans and waved as she ran out of the tent .
tr	NNS	As the teacher made his notation on his book , I avoided the scrutinizing stares of the other students .
tr	NN	Moses once again met the masked guitarist on the bridge between their stages .
tr	NN	Sandbag 's words couldn 't escape the pillow his face was buried in .
tr	NNS	" He can tell all sorts of things just by touching a person . "
tr	NN	" Then Stephanie came over and , Lucien , you should have seen her outfit .
tr	NNS	They can 't even bring Para security systems here .
tr	NNS	" What 's the matter , did you use up all your powers of communication on that marvelous little note you left me ?
tr	NNS	In the distance , I could see the silhouettes of the Mexicans walking into the fields .
tr	NN	Maybe Josh didn 't have enough faith or use the right words .
tr	NN	She could already taste vomit in her throat .
tr	NNS	He wouldn 't have any citizens left to run Sanctuary . "
tr	NN	" I played college football for one season . "
tr	NN	Hammer finished the deed , and then stood , wiped off his hands , and said , " Good night , Little Rabbit . "
tr	NN	Elaina studied the dew .
tr	NN	Microscopic analysis of the metal revealed an unusually dense atomic structure , made up of macromolecular structures of gold atoms fitted tightly together like a jigsaw puzzle .
tr	NNS	Sally was wearing slacks , which she seldom did on weekdays , but her bronze curls and careful makeup were unchanging .
tr	NNS	You hunt ghosts ? "
tr	NNS	I squeezed off two shots in rapid succession , and then the room fell into absolute silence .
tr	NNS	Something that caught the brightness of the sun and reflected it .
tr	NNS	I can see houses ! "
tr	NNS	The scent of blood and lust filled my senses and then , as if someone had turned off a light , the images disappeared .
tr	NNS	Many hear faint noises , they note the wind blowing , but they go no further .
tr	NNS	" I 've taken some measures to limit the risks .
tr	NNS	They 'll have a few department stores , gift shops , even a pet store . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances . "
tr	NN	Both dogs gave blind chase , barking uncontrollably .
tr	NNS	I 've got 2 full batteries , all systems are go and I 've got 45 sols of driving ahead of me .
tr	NN	I thank the universe that you have such good friends in Paul and Josef .
tr	NN	A deep look into her reflection would ignite another onslaught of suppressed memories .
tr	NN	Kellen let out a groan .
tr	NNS	It is a very long game , " she added importantly .
tr	NNS	Before we sat down to eat , I set out Butch 's portable dishes .
tr	NN	Then he kissed her temple and went out to see about the animals .
tr	NNS	A deep frown carved creases into his marble forehead .
tr	NNS	I must say that surprises me in a house this size , though .
tr	NNS	I saw younger versions of the two of them .
tr	NNS	Norse gods like Odin and Thor .
tr	NN	We have a duty at Regents Preparatory Academy to mold our young students into productive citizens and future leaders who are responsible for their community and environment .
tr	NNS	" I can 't get the nightmares out of my head and I know they 're going to come back .
tr	NNS	But such a settlement left only nine thousand dollars for the client after JCC lopped his one-third off the top .
tr	NNS	Sometimes she scooped up the tiles and let them fall , clicking into a slippery heap .
tr	NN	Douglas said a curt goodnight , already preoccupied with something else , and went straight to his study .
tr	NN	Outside the gate , Sunday formed a tower of five pebbles .
tr	NNS	The Volvo followed inches behind me .
tr	NN	Most of all , his face lacked the command his clothes required .
tr	NNS	" She had both breasts removed , but it 's moved into her lymph nodes .
tr	NNS	" His grace has enough servants . "
tr	NNS	I take slow , deep breaths and try to quell the wild arguments that run rampant through my mind .
tr	NN	He dragged his knuckles along her arm .
tr	NNS	" Some of those God Kings lasted centuries .
tr	NN	The night wind has swept away the haze , revealing the mountain range in details , with its sides covered by patches of snow .
tr	NNS	The second gave one last twitch and died as George dropped it at my feet .
tr	NNS	Even more heroic , he 'd taken its remains and given it a burial at sea in the boys ' bathroom .
tr	NN	" We 'll all have a vote , since it 's a family pet .
tr	NN	No one was leaving the harbor .
tr	NN	Or skip a grade ? "
tr	NN	Zoe lifted the silver pistol and smiled .
tr	NNS	And now , as new information surfaces suggesting deep financial troubles plaguing the senator - " A knock on the door drew Rachel 's attention .
tr	NN	" How long do you mean for us to remain here , my lord ? "
tr	NNS	They both have strength runes carved into them , so I can pack a hell of a kick . "
tr	NN	Nana added a pat of butter to the bowl of shrimp and grits before her .
tr	NN	They don ´ t climb on ... ceilings and walls .
tr	NN	She rubbed the hilt , her fingers contracting on the cool surface .
tr	NNS	Matt had been busting zone defenses since he played for his dad as a ten year-old in a local league .
tr	NNS	Over his shoulder , she could see television stations flashing across the screen as he deftly wielded the remote .
tr	NN	Would you stop pacing for one minute ? "
tr	NNS	" Thank heavens . "
tr	NN	He muffled a groan against her neck and Carol felt the soft puffs of warm air as he chuckled .
tr	NNS	Unlike my lovely soul mate , I had no restrictions on caffeine and ordered the biggest cup of drip they could manage .
tr	NN	Maybe Keith regretted his outburst from yesterday .
tr	NNS	But he has the fears anyway , whether he admits them or not .
tr	NNS	I also had my doubts the snare would work .
tr	NN	" He also played football for four years , starting as quarterback his junior year . "
tr	NNS	He 's got houses everywhere . "
tr	NN	" It had a laser rifle .
tr	NNS	The rhythmic protests of the wood battered Jess from all sides .
tr	NN	I see a possible ally in Dory 's vice .
tr	NNS	" Come on , you overgrown gnomes .
tr	NN	Conlan squeezed her thigh .
tr	NNS	I had my suspicions Jeff was ' On the square ' .
tr	NN	You always pay the pilot on your way down , for good luck . "
tr	NNS	In a moment the search program analyzes millions of opportunities , identifies the most suitable for the girl and activates the transfer .
tr	NN	I used your terminal to check with the House .
tr	NNS	Why don 't you like labels ? "
tr	NN	I needed the proof that I was special and gifted , that they had told me the truth .
tr	NNS	He took the plates to the sink .
tr	NN	" I meant no ill omen . "
tr	NN	" Where did you study piano ? "
tr	NNS	Both hit their marks with admirable precision , Elvin directing the light for optimal dramatic effect , and Leland rolling the backdrops in and out with ease .
tr	NN	She stopped pacing and went to the unconscious boy .
tr	NN	I licked around the ridge and then sucked just the head in my mouth .
tr	NNS	I need runners , Schultz , to go to each cohort 's Tribune and bear my personal command to break camp .
tr	NN	All of it didn 't hold a candle to what had just been delivered .
tr	NN	Emma picked up another handful of the mystifying fuzz .
tr	NN	Just check out my closet .
tr	NN	At last I find a linen cloth .
tr	NN	" We 're discussing natural justice , Your Lordship , there 's no place for sentiment . "
tr	NN	' Haul down the sail !
tr	NN	They must have some proof to make them believe that .
tr	NNS	He circled my nipples with his thumbs , firm strokes that sent a shiver deep beneath my skin .
tr	NN	" What the fuck do you want ? "
tr	NNS	Each body got three members on the Commission , as well as three appointed by the President .
tr	NN	" I had an argument with Eden about it all . "
tr	NNS	She moved up and down the aisles , quickly picking up the items on her list .
tr	NN	With her dark good looks , curvy body , and sweet personality , she had the whole package .
tr	NNS	Actually , she had more than ten thousand dollars in her account .
tr	NNS	I 'd need all my wits about me if I was to survive this .
tr	NN	" Sophie Candy , the gal in the next cottage . "
tr	NN	Elizabeth returned the survey .
tr	NNS	Lack of food , sanitation , and disease are only compounding the potential dangers . "
tr	NN	She gave Kincaid the barest of nods .
tr	NNS	We walked several more yards when he stopped abruptly and pulled at my collar to where I ended up on my butt on the ground .
tr	NNS	Wagons of food clogged the roads .
tr	NNS	We gave her halfhearted grins and she directed us to some open seats .
tr	NNS	He had exhausted all his efforts .
tr	NN	The vines felt inert .
tr	NNS	The blood trail lead him to some trees and shrubs that grew tightly together , he saw the blood stains leading into the bush .
tr	NNS	I am at home cleaning dirty diapers and wiping snotty noses and you 're off sailing Corpus Christi Bay with a beautiful , naked woman . "
tr	NN	Yet despite his casual appearance , I can still see the executive .
tr	NNS	He had acquaintances across all classes and held prejudice only against a man who would not think for himself .
tr	NN	She needed the fork only because she needed something to do with her hands as well as an excuse to avoid looking at him .
tr	NNS	" Has he had any nightmares the past few nights ?
tr	NN	What if I broke my hip and was lying here on the floor dying ? "
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any issues . "
tr	NNS	Jordan leaned nearer to the mirror , inspecting the closeness of his shave .
tr	NNS	I threw the covers aside and started downstairs , combing knots of sleep from my short blond hair .
tr	NNS	Then he saw the braids hanging from the chandelier , and he knew that they 'd fled .
tr	NN	She had terminal cancer and wanted to die in her homeland .
tr	NN	After traveling several blocks , they left the main avenue , soon veering to continue south beyond the enormous domed structure .
tr	NN	Crossing the finish line , A.J. felt a measure of relief .
tr	NN	The mic amplified his speech , and the big speakers broadcasted it .
tr	NN	We saw a film , we talked about you , and then he took me to your house !
tr	NN	" I don 't have patience to argue with that fool .
tr	NNS	Besides , even if this mysterious scribe didn 't buy my story , I still had a few trump cards up my sleeve .
tr	NN	He bore the responsibility of it all -- their escape , the future repercussions .
tr	NN	She unrolled her cloth napkin and placed her silverware beside her plate even though the idea of eating repulsed her at the moment .
tr	NN	Steep cliffs surrounded the valley in a continuous circular ridge .
tr	NNS	You didn 't make any conditions . "
tr	NNS	Aeron tossed his blades , end over end , and both embedded to the hilt in the man 's chest .
tr	NN	Callie sipped her juice .
tr	NNS	They only allow ships to come down for handing over goods , picking up goods , and getting repairs .
tr	NNS	My heart wasn 't skipping beats for him .
tr	NN	He gave me a gentle shove forward and I was enveloped by the people who loved me .
tr	NN	I had an uphill climb with her , every step of the way . "
tr	NN	" Cleo , hand me a towel . "
tr	NN	" You stole your brother 's ID ? "
tr	NNS	They secured their lockers and walked briskly to their bikes .
tr	NN	He removed the rifle from his back and placed the butt of it on the ground before him .
tr	NNS	The very thought sent shudders through her body .
tr	NNS	Only this one had four monitors above it , attached to the wall .
tr	NNS	He chose his actions , and that sealed his fate .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 9 Meg bobbled the jar of sweet pickles when something thumped on her kitchen door .
tr	NNS	He really should have T-shirts made or something .
tr	NN	These trivial rules can , surprisingly , generate quite complex behaviour when repeated billions of times .
tr	NN	Then I had lost my sister Cameron ; literally , lost her .
tr	NN	Normal had the most bizarre definition in Settler .
tr	NN	But yes , with my limited intellect I do entertain the possibility that there is a true Maker .
tr	NN	She abhorred theft of any kind , so she hoped simple human compassion might sustain her .
tr	NNS	Even though he ran as fast as he could , the man could feel the hot breaths of his predator upon his neck .
tr	NN	We need a keyboard and bass player . '
tr	NN	Joanna hid a smirk .
tr	NN	She ran up the hill with wind blowing her hair .
tr	NN	And that was when I fully grasped the old cliché of , " You can 't have your cake and eat it too . "
tr	NNS	My wife and kids were visiting her folks .
tr	NNS	I can smell the roses . "
tr	NNS	She quickly donned her undergarments , then slipped the lavender silk dress over her head and smoothed it over her hips .
tr	NN	She tore a slice out of the plastic , and scrunched up the middle of it .
tr	NN	What a pity he did not complete the task .
tr	NNS	As a local celebrity , he drew stares wherever he went .
tr	NNS	She could smell both Beowulf 's and Roxie 's scents .
tr	NNS	" Then why didn 't we find any human remains ? "
tr	NN	Before his departure , he had successfully avenged the deaths of his parents -- undoubtedly , the most important goal in his life .
tr	NNS	At state , we usually have two relay teams , the main team and subs .
tr	NNS	She had no illusions about herself .
tr	NN	I switched a dial on my new helmet , turning on a microphone .
tr	NN	Jane met Edward 's glare with unwavering eyes .
tr	NNS	Put all distractions out of your mind .
tr	NN	Thank goodness it actually matched and it wasn 't her old stuff .
tr	NNS	Many of our antecedents wed titled members of European aristocracy .
tr	NN	He did have faith in me .
tr	NN	I 've smelt enough harm for one day . "
tr	NN	Thomas waved his fork .
tr	NNS	As she jumped the stream , I fell backwards , and as I fell , my ankle twisted underneath me .
tr	NN	He pulled his revolver and fired .
tr	NN	Anyway , I wouldn 't let anybody to hurt you .
tr	NNS	Puzzling over it , he continued his enquiries .
tr	NN	But Ebi had faith in me .
tr	NNS	I 'm earning you a million bucks .
tr	NNS	We 're revising the data accordingly .
tr	NNS	You want the masses to keep their distance from you as you travel through their part of town ?
tr	NN	She 'd never had a hangover , never drank enough to experience one .
tr	NN	He would bend all his ingenuity to the matter on hand .
tr	NN	We will hopefully have the statue erected by the centennial anniversary of the First World War in 1914 . '
tr	NNS	Nicolae parted her thighs , his finger pushing slowly , gently , into the hot , wet core of her .
tr	NN	So my father stole the antidote supply and kept it safe until he died .
tr	NNS	" I like houses .
tr	NNS	" Okay , that 's great , I know some good restaurants that we should go to while we 're there . "
tr	NNS	I have meetings to attend and reports to review . "
tr	NN	I had an impressive spy gear collection . "
tr	NNS	Carl was feeding me opportunities and I 'd been snapping them up , which made me busier and busier .
tr	NNS	Elena saw the dogs first as different breeds .
tr	NNS	I could sing the lyrics in my head , find solitude in music , like I 've done many times .
tr	NNS	They also took up positions in the House of Representatives , better known as the House of Commons .
tr	NN	He didn 't spout any poetry .
tr	NN	She wore a black crown .
tr	NNS	" Please , accept my apologies .
tr	NNS	Faint red spots on his face suggested radiation burns .
tr	NN	All that talk about wolves and sheep had aroused her hunger .
tr	NN	I grabbed my cart and made my way to the front of the store , vowing never to do that again .
tr	NNS	" If we stop by the vendors last , we 'll have worked up our appetites .
tr	NNS	At least on the outside they had no illusions .
tr	NNS	Daniel didn 't wipe the juices from his chin .
tr	NNS	The mirror did in fact conduct her powers , steering them , almost like a ground wire for electricity .
tr	NNS	I even heard tales of it giving immortality . "
tr	NNS	Her anxiety levels didn 't slow down her efforts to find alternative funding though .
tr	NN	We can 't have you fainting in the halls . "
tr	NNS	Many of the professors and researchers here on staff have developed experimental drugs which are being tested on patients .
tr	NNS	" You couldn 't love Chess .
tr	NN	Summer has shiny sunshine blonde hair , I have chocolate brown .
tr	NN	A thrill of power bypassed her suit 's resistance , surging through her body and she felt herself impelled onwards and upwards .
tr	NNS	Leta held up the envelopes , addressed to the church elders , that contained his letter of registration .
tr	NNS	" I 'm going down the apples for a spell .
tr	NN	" Just keeps gettin ' better . "
tr	NN	Asked the magistrate in surprise , " why do you continue to wear them if they 're so bad , sir ? "
tr	NNS	I need some ingredients from the storeroom , and now I 'm down a waiter since the new guy just took off . "
tr	NNS	Pressing my hands against my face , I take deep breaths and then slide my fingers down to my wrists , snapping the rubber band .
tr	NN	Emptiness clawed her belly , and it was not because she 'd had nothing to eat .
tr	NN	You could charge admission .
tr	NN	The view gave an immediate impression of economic vitality -- that the country had rebounded since 2015 in a big way .
tr	NNS	He 's keeping tabs on you . "
tr	NN	He hit the asphalt at full speed , and he bounced as his shield slapped the pavement .
tr	NN	Jason let out a strangled groan and gripped the wooden headboard above him with both hands .
tr	NNS	She found his thighs with her nails , raking lightly , driving him wild , wanting him crazy for her , wanting him mindless with passion .
tr	NN	So she could savor his kiss , memorize every detail .
tr	NN	It was hard work : stone floors and wooden tables to scrub , old furniture to polish .
tr	NN	They made my sister Claudia inside his cell .
tr	NNS	Every time he flipped the switch , Alan remembered the currents of electricity that it sent flowing through his body .
tr	NNS	She knew his biceps well ; they were fit for holding on to when he drove into her .
tr	NN	He 's probably killed any proof there was . "
tr	NN	You have a task before you .
tr	NNS	You know , they hardly ever prefer the buildings of the white people to their own mud walls .
tr	NNS	If and when you release this CD to a House in Chains , I expect hourly briefs from that point on . "
tr	NNS	Usually he could control his desires .
tr	NN	His perspiration dampened the pillow and sheets .
tr	NNS	" Thee shall abet thy efforts because of thy sinful ways of thy pastor .
tr	NN	To tear someone apart that way requires demonic fury and incredible strength .
tr	NNS	" So I have more powers ? "
tr	NN	From this moment , Woodpecker had no real opposition as General in Charge once powerful Bird -- De Peacock was gone .
tr	NN	I printed out the article and phoned Ed .
tr	NN	He was carrying a vial of blood and hurrying on .
tr	NN	" You have an obligation . "
tr	NNS	Later that week , Jo and Drew had a few folks over for New Year 's Eve .
tr	NN	" You 've got a fortune here .
tr	NNS	" I mean , boards creak , plumbing makes noises ; even rodents could be in the attic skittering around .
tr	NNS	I 've had classes with the same thirty kids year after year .
tr	NNS	My employers will make a few changes and everything will square . "
tr	NNS	It had cost him a little more than a hundred dollars .
tr	NNS	And then , without a break in his step , he shifted two inches sideways and was on the adjoining strip .
tr	NNS	Then she took a few shallow breaths .
tr	NN	" I cannot make that oath , my king . "
tr	NN	Blue Cloud feels a tightening around his upper arm and quietly says , " Snow Flower , Daniel is calling . "
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , later that day she haunted the shops on Rodeo Drive looking for just the right outfit .
tr	NN	I craved independence and admit I was looking for some type of adventure .
tr	NN	He opens my refrigerator and takes out some eggs , tomatoes and cheese .
tr	NN	Through a haze of red , I caught a glimpse of Shrapnel .
tr	NNS	I 'll brook no more arguments from you . "
tr	NN	I fight back the urge to flee as my fingers brush against his .
tr	NN	When we were both dressed - and still partly splattered with mud - we resumed our duty .
tr	NNS	Their father had made his excuses , claiming to be especially tired , and with Norah 's help retired to his room almost immediately after dinner .
tr	NN	When the ball did finally drop out of sight , McDougal threw his baseball cap onto the table and did a little circular jig .
tr	NNS	Kowalski rubbed his palms together in happy anticipation .
tr	NN	The women took over the task of using bedclothes and blankets from the limousine to provide places for everyone to sleep .
tr	NNS	He was fighting his nightmares and his own hatred of Morganville .
tr	NNS	I looked up and down the shelves .
tr	NNS	Now I need your translating skills over here , so that we can ask this character a few questions .
tr	NNS	Give me all your passwords and how you contact Mr. Clause .
tr	NNS	" I will make arrangements for you to speak with her tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	" They didn 't have seraph blades ; they hadn 't developed them .
tr	NNS	But good timing should improve your chances . "
tr	NN	' We choose The Way so we may be Saved . '
tr	NN	He couldn , t begin to explain how his thinking had changed , even when he wasn , t under the power of the transformation .
tr	NN	I lift the lid off the present as seldom as possible .
tr	NNS	Maybe we would have other classes together .
tr	NNS	" I do have rights . "
tr	NN	Everyone shifted uncomfortably , unsure how they should react to a telling argument presented by someone they all knew was gradually retreating from reality .
tr	NNS	She could see the leaders waiting inside .
tr	NNS	The grand duke will do the honors . "
tr	NNS	" His Five Shadows -- fragments of the Fallen One that have escaped from his tomb under the mountain . "
tr	NNS	Her hands still had faint red marks on the palms , and she had a bruise on the hand the slither had bitten .
tr	NNS	I consumed great volumes due to the heat of the tropics .
tr	NN	Wear your uniform . "
tr	NNS	" Apartment buildings ? "
tr	NN	I give him an awkward pat on his back .
tr	NNS	The tunnels spewed black figures , a horde of gibbering claws and teeth .
tr	NNS	That would have his senses working on overtime alright . '
tr	NN	I also possessed a cunning talent for sports of all kinds .
tr	NNS	" I gave her my mother 's powers . "
tr	NN	His fingers find the hem of my shirt , then slip under it , warm and insistent .
tr	NN	Shortly after , the Captain issued another broadcast requesting all passengers to assemble in the main atrium .
tr	NN	Lucky for me , Sienna didn 't have my patience .
tr	NN	Drake had purchased the castle and the surrounding acreage from Thomas Wolfram , the last of the Wolfram line , over four hundred years ago .
tr	NNS	They always bathed the babies first and any girl who could properly wash herself was told to do so .
tr	NNS	I saw two yards that bordered each other here in Los Angeles .
tr	NNS	I wiggled my shorts up a few more inches to keep them from getting wet .
tr	NN	I didn 't want her pity .
tr	NNS	" I take it , then , you 've only met members of our Elder families .
tr	NNS	Perhaps this place is playing tricks on me , I take out the new underwear and try it on , perfect fit , weird !
tr	NN	I got a mouthful of water .
tr	NNS	Instead of retreating back toward the stateroom , the man wandered the corridors , his eyes reflecting the dull brass and iridescent silver adorning the walls .
tr	NN	Each has submitted an estimate .
tr	NNS	They lined shelves , rested in a couple of small stacks on the coffee table .
tr	NN	And tonight he 'd smell the jasmine again .
tr	NN	What artifacts had Ashlyn meant ?
tr	NN	But , she never reached her full potential .
tr	NNS	He 's got the dogs .
tr	NN	" Political unrest plagued our nation in the year prior to the bill being ratified .
tr	NNS	Shaking her head , she took several deep breaths , needing her man to calm the beast within her .
tr	NN	Eventually , they might even get his dry humor .
tr	NN	They had the technology to propel their ships for long distances .
tr	NNS	They had no provisions , and they were stuck in some stinking little room on the edge of the city .
tr	NN	This insignificant Burg and its impertinent Lady would soon feel the yoke of the Order and cower in fear at the merest hint of his wrath .
tr	NN	" We could greatly increase its range by making a shorter and lighter spear .
tr	NNS	He touched the ignition wires together and the little car buzzed to life .
tr	NNS	But I never believed these tales .
tr	NNS	He fought those instincts .
tr	NNS	" Then that might explain the delays .
tr	NNS	Dean threw back the covers and got to his feet .
tr	NN	Huge flares engulfed the star .
tr	NNS	I surreptitiously swipe my palms against the sides of the stupid gold robe .
tr	NN	He had picked up a vial of holy water as he moved toward the couch .
tr	NNS	I press my palms to her forehead , ignoring the heat of her flesh and the burning drops of liquid which strike my skin .
tr	NNS	" I have seven families who are willing to bring food each day . "
tr	NNS	The walls had a heaviness that seemed to soak up the sound so that their footsteps were eerily silent as they strode across it .
tr	NNS	Raiders watch the waters .
tr	NN	Naked and empty , I draped a wash cloth over the offending blemish and bowed my exhausted head under the heavy rain .
tr	NN	You have an appointment with Angel .
tr	NNS	I saw cameras in every corner , armed guards hovering by a turnstile security gate , and I locked my knees together to keep them from shaking .
tr	NN	He dare not even turn the cart , lest he gave away the direction of the new home .
tr	NNS	The four travelers had followed the remains of what was once US Highway 377 west higher into the Ozark Mountains .
tr	NNS	Just thinking about it sent fits of burning fury shooting through Trevor 's heart .
tr	NNS	Now use your other senses .
tr	NNS	They wore their school ties short , with large knots , over white blouses .
tr	NN	I kept the Saint Christopher 's medal he gave me for my thirteenth birthday , but the boy , I lost .
tr	NNS	And don 't get your brains blown out .
tr	NN	Eating like a bird .
tr	NNS	You have powers and complications none of us had , and we didn 't know if we could trust you not to turn on us . "
tr	NN	He never refused a treat .
tr	NNS	Like everyone else , she had her own battle marks from the war for survival .
tr	NNS	I 'll bet you ten dollars he has them waxed . "
tr	NN	She wears a white blouse and a black skirt , and has her hands behind her head .
tr	NNS	It started centuries ago when he would fight vampires , need blood and there you go .
tr	NNS	He patted the mattress beside him .
tr	NNS	I defeated the gods ! '
tr	NN	Once I was safely on the ground and had fully entertained Kiran , he made the climb .
tr	NNS	She scribbled possible motives onto her paper next to his name , but they seemed foolish .
tr	NNS	The two tracking transmitters sent signals to the twenty-four Department of Defense satellites orbiting the earth .
tr	NNS	Never severing the connection , I straddled his thighs , my back against his chest , and gave myself up to his desires .
tr	NN	moaned the waiter . '
tr	NN	" Did you get that Barker ? "
tr	NN	Some , like the members of his family , resisted the urge to kill their prey .
tr	NN	His horse stepped again and as if this had nudged him into action , he told the translator at his side to hail Guri one more time .
tr	NN	" Three hours ago something simultaneously took out every satellite orbiting Xavier .
tr	NNS	I 'm still having nightmares about it . "
tr	NN	That deserved a snort .
tr	NNS	The maps had shaded areas or colored lines connecting various points in a geographic region .
tr	NN	But his words had the opposite effect , since all she could think about now was that gorgeous , tanned body lying beside her in bed .
tr	NNS	They anchored their canoes off shore and slept in their seats .
tr	NN	Ben tapped the photographed .
tr	NN	I couldn 't even hear the snow crunching under the large bodies surrounding me .
tr	NNS	I could feel butterflies fluttering in my stomach .
tr	NN	This combination of gems has the same likelihood to release huge amounts of carbon monoxide and kill us in our sleep .
tr	NN	Damn , the man had a fine package .
tr	NNS	I still had three knives on me ; if they came to bother Amy or any other Cooper , they 'd have me to deal with .
tr	NN	He lowered the rifle , took a knife from his belt , and began to cut the rope into thirds .
tr	NN	A version of the same tablet reduced to one tenth its original size scale .
tr	NN	For the first time in a while Jake did not feel the urge to run in the opposite direction on hearing a police siren .
tr	NN	Earl set the gem on the dashboard , hopped out , and knocked on the door .
tr	NNS	He no longer has legal rights as guardian to the older sisters , but the youngest sister is still only 18 .
tr	NN	They had both expected the traffic to be heavier at that time of day , but this route was still quiet .
tr	NNS	She gathered their dishes and stood .
tr	NNS	" Desjardins has high aspirations .
tr	NNS	Why , he could probably hear the car crashes from his patio .
tr	NN	Good grief , when had she started accumulating junk mail ?
tr	NN	Sometimes he remembered the melted butter .
tr	NNS	How could I have not noticed new surroundings , especially since they were so different ?
tr	NNS	All things , mutually supportive and related , form a living cosmos , a single living whole .
tr	NN	I dropped the mouthpiece of my pipes from my lips and raised an eyebrow .
tr	NN	Echo swallowed the lump that threatened to form in her throat .
tr	NNS	You can generate the leads for us and we can split it three ways .
tr	NN	I felt mortification as much as gratification .
tr	NN	We found one file that might be of particular interest .
tr	NN	They have understood a logic that the rest of us have been blinded to by clever marketing .
tr	NN	Roy gave me one last glare before placing his hands in the imprints and pressed the silver ball .
tr	NNS	Both carried beers , and they grew furtive as they approached , as if intending to sneak up on the girls .
tr	NN	Every few steps , someone would give her encouraging advice , a concerned look , or offer to feed her .
tr	NN	Surveying the scene , several of his men and women in various states of calm , frenzy , and joy completed similar vandalism .
tr	NN	That certainly wouldn 't help my status at school .
tr	NN	" What the fuck are you doing ? "
tr	NNS	I Google map directions , and I 'm on my bike and pedaling down the road in less than a minute .
tr	NN	But when I 'd stepped into the hangar , I 'd entered an alternate universe where other people were thinking exactly like me .
tr	NN	My blood and dried vomit pigment the water then wash down the drain .
tr	NNS	He 's giving you no more chances .
tr	NNS	It only contains four contact numbers I don 't feel like calling right now .
tr	NN	Sarah heard James groan , but he didn 't say anything more .
tr	NN	He pulled down his cap and nodded to Pyotr .
tr	NNS	It turns monotonous rather quickly . "
tr	NN	Her smile didn 't have the same effect .
tr	NN	Like taking candy from a baby .
tr	NN	And she took a pinch of ash from a pouch and flung it in his face .
tr	NNS	My head went dizzy again .
tr	NNS	I only wanted twenty bucks to put some gas in my car .
tr	NNS	" Stuff your excuses in a hat , Sophie Iris , and get on with it . "
tr	NNS	Corporations would sometimes buy entire systems to house their corporate headquarters and employees , even schools and universities would claim planets for their students .
tr	NN	Kelly said a silent prayer of thanks that the two men had no plan to harm her .
tr	NNS	I have no special powers , no augmentation , no brilliant scientific mind , only a well organised one .
tr	NN	" Yes , like a fox , or maybe a wolf .
tr	NN	Each second , his shaft was getting hotter , even as the temperature dropped .
tr	NN	Usually the doors bang and make a loud echo when they close .
tr	NN	He fingered his caster , and sent his location to Shotgun .
tr	NN	He was overseeing the restoration of the lighthouse .
tr	NN	I hate tennis . "
tr	NN	The awareness encompassed both the ache in her body that his touch induced and the terrible fear her mind had no hope of overcoming .
tr	NN	She stifled a yawn and wondered where Robert was .
tr	NN	If we had a mind to , we could easily defeat any clan now that we have a larger combined army than even the king .
tr	NN	They wanted a hero , and he was elected .
tr	NN	" You check the battery ? "
tr	NN	3 I tapped my pencil against my thigh and looked out the window into the parking lot beside the Rose Heights office building .
tr	NN	I picked up a couch pillow and fluffed it , replacing it automatically in the correct corner of the couch , which could easily seat four .
tr	NNS	They are taking no chances with you . "
tr	NNS	Didn 't even hit the slopes or get any work done , which is what I usually do when I need to think .
tr	NN	" Not long after I arrived in Germany , I had my first run-in with one of the Breed .
tr	NNS	" We have supplies here at the airport for all of us for about two months , maybe three .
tr	NN	You have absolutely no respect for your family .
tr	NNS	Everything about Derek Novak was overwhelming my senses .
tr	NNS	He collected the remains of his lunch .
tr	NNS	He dumps the cans on the counter , sending some of them clattering onto the floor .
tr	NNS	Freeman 's took up three floors of a townhouse that was sandwiched between a gentlemen 's outfitter and a small publishers .
tr	NNS	" My fatigue must be clouding my wits .
tr	NNS	I walked up four more floors , violent muscle spasms twisting my guts .
tr	NN	" So you haven 't really had closure . "
tr	NN	" Just turn on the television , " he told his assistant .
tr	NNS	" I need the plugs , maybe a few other things .
tr	NN	It knocked the crossbow aside , snapping her arm back , but she still did not release the crossbow .
tr	NNS	They communicated volumes through their eyes and their touch as he led her rest of the way and thanked Corinne for her help .
tr	NN	How long have you hated your big red bum ? "
tr	NNS	Sure , human kids had hormonal issues and zits , but they didn 't periodically shift into a creature with fangs and fur .
tr	NN	James has custody . "
tr	NN	He patted the trunk of the Caddy .
tr	NNS	Then he dropped the pages onto a small stack of them and bound them with a large rubber band .
tr	NN	Stuart 's body language showed his disgust with any public affection .
tr	NN	" I wouldn 't call it good fortune .
tr	NNS	He embraces me tightly and all my fears evaporate .
tr	NNS	Connie followed the examples set by Fred and Herbert .
tr	NNS	" We need coats .
tr	NN	He was playing basketball for your beloved team , and loving every minute of it .
tr	NNS	That he was paid fifty thousand dollars to ... to do what he did . "
tr	NNS	The county south of here contains backcountry roads that are flat for several miles .
tr	NNS	Under the straight dark hair conservatively cut , under the plain dress , Melanie was definitely feeling her oats .
tr	NNS	He had so many fragments of good and bad memories , all among the swings and climbing frames .
tr	NN	" We won the talent quest !
tr	NNS	You take drugs that keep you from aging . '
tr	NNS	She 's having complications and I 've put her on bed rest .
tr	NNS	I delivered babies by the score and aided mares in difficult foaling .
tr	NN	I remembered every single detail , even though I prayed I could forget .
tr	NNS	Some wore Hazmat suits , but you can 't eat or crap in a Hazmat suit , so that gets old quick .
tr	NN	The question made his brow furrow , which made my stomach turn uncomfortably .
tr	NN	I kissed Bethany 's temple as I nuzzled her hair .
tr	NNS	No , raising her voice in this place would only alert her captors .
tr	NNS	Do you have any prior obligations ?
tr	NN	Their similar appearances gave the impression that one was the father of the other two men .
tr	NNS	That way lay dragons .
tr	NNS	He held both palms toward her , trying to calm her .
tr	NN	Somehow , growing up in the house he did , with the father he had , Spencer had the unbelievable potential to become a very great man .
tr	NN	Madeline draped the quilt over her brother and crawled onto the pallet beside him .
tr	NN	Why does life always give me the burnt slice of toast ? "
tr	NNS	They have their own live-in apartments on the top floor .
tr	NNS	He checked out her claims and she was right . "
tr	NNS	" She probably shelled out millions of dollars to look the way she does . "
tr	NNS	" Your wife is having contractions one on top of the other . "
tr	NNS	A vast assortment of candy both familiar and exotic crowded the shelves behind the long , L-shaped counter .
tr	NNS	They wore rags and suckled on bottles in brown paper bags .
tr	NNS	During the train ride , I confirmed a few leads concerning the auction house Christie 's .
tr	NNS	" We need reserves ! "
tr	NN	Rose removed a slice of the vegetarian pizza and gave it to Hector .
tr	NN	She stole a peek at me and her cheeks went all pink .
tr	NN	He thrust a cloth over her nose and mouth .
tr	NN	I heard the boar behind me .
tr	NNS	Rosa , will you do the honors ? "
tr	NN	We need a timetable , instructions , and the location . "
tr	NNS	Thomas put the palms of his hands on the ceiling .
tr	NN	Mac took off his ball cap to wipe his brow .
tr	NNS	Our chaplain took divinity classes , but that was about it . '
tr	NNS	Between forced blinks , Toby could see two figures loomed over him .
tr	NN	Acheron had very little patience .
tr	NN	I took pity on the man and answered his question - kind of .
tr	NNS	Shaking his head , Jace regarded the heavens as if they were about to open up and reveal the secrets of the universe .
tr	NNS	" Or at least import your meals from farther away . "
tr	NNS	" How many high schools put freshmen 's lockers next to seniors ' ? "
tr	NN	He threw a handful of tools into the wooden shed , crashing against the back wall , with much disdain .
tr	NNS	I washed up my dishes and wondered what to do .
tr	NNS	Greg had taken three breaths after the ventilator was shut off , each slower than the last until there were no more .
tr	NN	And suffer the same fate .
tr	NNS	We don 't use subtle tonal techniques back home . "
tr	NNS	Whether Tiffany is sick or not , she still has designs on my son .
tr	NN	" Sel , you 've got no imagination .
tr	NNS	I get his peanuts and that on the airplane , don 't forget .
tr	NN	Burly had a hunch that Jake was onto something , and he wasn 't willing to leave Jake 's input completely out of the planning process .
tr	NN	" Father in Heaven , I can only express my deep sorrow for being a part of this horrible catastrophe that is coming to this earth .
tr	NN	I heard my stomach growl and figured that 's why he had stopped .
tr	NN	His wife always had a calming effect on him .
tr	NNS	She kept tabs on the two guards , confident their activity was not what was being reflected two screens down .
tr	NNS	He has broken ribs , one of which punctured his lung .
tr	NN	At his car , he popped open the trunk and fished out the rifle he kept next to his shotgun and spare tire .
tr	NN	I just had cake . "
tr	NN	Harald ran into Sarah 's waiting arms , he smelt all salty but it was good to have a hug .
tr	NN	Had Grace really put a shovel in her trunk ?
tr	NN	Even from outside , the peace presiding over the house steadied the erratic flutter of my heart .
tr	NN	I was guessing the latter .
tr	NNS	" You must accept my apologies .
tr	NNS	No otherworldly skills that had been kept dormant until now .
tr	NN	' Right , ' Shaun and Johnny agreed , ' we need another pub like this to play . '
tr	NN	She 'd drag her dresser in front of the door to keep the drunk next door from making good on his promise to join her at night .
tr	NN	On Sol 65 , he took the battery from the other rover and attached it with a homemade sling .
tr	NN	Bending his head , he took one perfect nipple into his mouth .
tr	NNS	Don 't worry , I 've blocked his recent attempts to empty my bank account .
tr	NNS	" Now , I had heard these complaints among the evil ones before ; but I had never thought much about them .
tr	NN	Came the dark command and pushed him back down the hallway they had just come from .
tr	NN	He had run a small battery of psychological tests , including a genetic study for some of the typical markers for autism .
tr	NN	She could still have the fairy-tale reunion she 'd imagined .
tr	NN	The area had a run-down aspect to it , with many tacky , old-fashioned buildings and vacant lots .
tr	NNS	" Well , I have my doubts ! "
tr	NNS	Don 't you have teacher meetings next week ? "
tr	NNS	' Well , then ... ' He removed his boots , unbuckled the knee bands of his breeches , and peeled off his stockings .
tr	NNS	When one wants to marry a Holland , one must learn a few tricks to keep her on her toes .
tr	NN	I am wearing a white cotton gown and my legs are covered with a clean , starched white sheet .
tr	NNS	Can 't stand wizards .
tr	NNS	" So far I got ten bucks . "
tr	NNS	Lauren threw the covers back and ran for the bathroom .
tr	NNS	You got a few matted bits going on . "
tr	NN	He had a new spice rack that twirled on a chrome stand .
tr	NN	When she had everyone 's attention , Fiji proclaimed , " This ends the celebration of the season at the Witch 's House ! "
tr	NNS	" Those who consume it retain their language abilities , but lose all the specifics of their identity .
tr	NNS	After he was freed , he hunted his captors down and slaughtered them to a man . "
tr	NN	" Scans and analyzes the carbon material for chemical signatures . "
tr	NNS	" So now we must decide , " Alexander told him , " do we try other methods ?
tr	NNS	And you brought butterflies ? "
tr	NN	Thank goodness the church is on higher ground . "
tr	NNS	Although expensive , because of the air plane ride into the lodge , rafters could usually purchase items like ice and cold beer .
tr	NNS	Her voice sounded breathless as if she 'd been running .
tr	NN	The news cast a heavy pall upon the whole covert .
tr	NNS	Spell out the terms -- her wages and responsibilities .
tr	NN	Screw this evasive crap .
tr	NNS	I take deep breaths to calm myself , but they are of little help .
tr	NN	Hampshire shifted a little uncomfortably .
tr	NNS	" See those dust marks ? "
tr	NNS	Not low like the roar but high and squealing , a sound like icicles driving into her ears .
tr	NN	Hart brushed a fingertip over her lashes .
tr	NNS	I will fund your operations and send you potential Dread related clients . "
tr	NN	I didn 't have a pen .
tr	NNS	Maybe he had vicious relations .
tr	NN	I just released my seed .
tr	NNS	And by now he knows us all , knows our weak points .
tr	NN	The words just kept spilling out of me .
tr	NN	" I dyed a paralytic serum purple and switched it out with the death serum .
tr	NN	Deni touched her own Collar .
tr	NN	I continued my questioning .
tr	NNS	The sunset was vibrant amidst the clouds , colors flaring , beautiful reds and oranges painting the trees .
tr	NN	I 'm investigating the disappearance of your father . "
tr	NN	You will find the dagger ... " she watched his lips twitch .
tr	NN	Her springy dark hair escaped her ponytail and curled wildly around her heart-shaped face .
tr	NNS	He heard no murmurs of conversation .
tr	NNS	I flip through the pages , unable to tell if it 's a romance or not .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately for her , Mitchell Wyatt hadn 't overlooked her attributes and neither had that manipulative , two-faced schmuck Evan Bartlett .
tr	NNS	" If you win the race , you can bring back your sisters . "
tr	NNS	They not only had their provisions and camp goods , but all their trading goods and gifts as well .
tr	NN	Besides , I wouldn 't do you the favor of getting myself killed before I claim my prize . "
tr	NNS	We traded email addresses and kept in touch .
tr	NNS	He expressed similar reactions to the next five outfits I tried on ; four of which also struck a chord of awe in my slightly dazzled psyche .
tr	NNS	And now all these other innocent victims .
tr	NN	" I spent half my fortune on it before giving the rest to the local orphanage .
tr	NN	Belinda regarded her uncle from where she was sitting on the sofa and had to agree .
tr	NN	He stopped pacing to face her .
tr	NNS	As the GM you should doodle 10 encounter areas on your own piece of scrap paper of the dungeon below and assign the areas as you wish .
tr	NNS	She walked several blocks until she found a dark doorway .
tr	NN	Did you bring the sage incense and the white candles ? "
tr	NN	Of course , Boone could sense her sexual attraction , her heightened pheromones .
tr	NN	He stopped pacing , and his lips thinned .
tr	NNS	We exchanged greetings and then got down to business .
tr	NNS	And she thought , She has fat thighs .
tr	NN	Finan cleared his throat uncomfortably , sliding the weapon back into its sheath .
tr	NNS	We 're sitting ducks .
tr	NNS	" Snow shovels don 't leave two inches of ice behind .
tr	NN	She 'd gotten revenge on Melissa just once , a few weeks before the end of seventh grade .
tr	NN	The state wouldn 't allow full custody until he took courses in first aid and anger management .
tr	NNS	" During the last few days I had many opportunities to quit .
tr	NN	His already ghost white face turned paler .
tr	NN	But the familiar words didn 't ease this ache spreading through her chest .
tr	NN	" You know , nobody who knows you expected you to write such interesting articles for the Observer and you should be writing right now .
tr	NNS	Brother George lit the seven candles on the altar symbolizing the seven spirits of God saying : " Praise the Lord , all nations !
tr	NN	Only Alicia Whitmore could turn a snort into a slap across the face .
tr	NNS	Though she understood that he was gone , she set two place settings at the dinner table just the same .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , Thomas didn 't protest the flying arrangements .
tr	NNS	" They have different motives .
tr	NNS	" A person 's hands speak volumes about them . "
tr	NN	I tossed the talisman into the corner and kissed him .
tr	NNS	" I have some contacts in the Huguenot Business League .
tr	NN	What silly comparison had Adrian made ?
tr	NN	Longbow held out the dead bat .
tr	NNS	They ignored the stares of the passersby .
tr	NN	When I got off work at two in the afternoon , I rode my motorcycle to the city park .
tr	NNS	" I can 't have any further delays . "
tr	NN	He turned the ignition on , waited until the green light came on , pressed the starter and the engine kicked in .
tr	NN	" Uh-huh , stops the bickering right away . "
tr	NNS	He kissed her breasts and stomach .
tr	NN	Slashing his wrist , he gave the command to drink , and Luiz , submerged so deeply , didn 't fight .
tr	NN	" If you like mush pizza , then sure .
tr	NN	We 're talking retirement , benefits , advance in rank and pay ... " I ran up to my door .
tr	NN	If so , she would die content .
tr	NNS	Newton read the labels beneath the buttons .
tr	NNS	Take no chances . "
tr	NNS	I loved my two sisters .
tr	NN	She tapped her head knowingly as she spoke .
tr	NN	But you were also selling your fish without a permit . "
tr	NN	Amjad 's lethal smile acknowledged her third-person payback .
tr	NN	We didn 't need her bleeding out in the cockpit .
tr	NNS	We had sandwiches from the coffee bar .
tr	NNS	Her wet feet left small pools on the bare hardwood floor .
tr	NNS	He missed all three shots .
tr	NNS	Then we take down the sons of bitches . "
tr	NN	" Sheriff , we 've heard testimony in this courtroom that a bloody knife was found in Miss Patterson 's kitchen . "
tr	NN	Colby found the zipper tag and started to ease it down cautiously .
tr	NN	And I 've developed very good duck and jab instincts . "
tr	NN	Beyond your stellar medical reputation , you have an unmatched social reputation , an excellent pedigree , if you will . "
tr	NNS	I haven 't seen numbers like that in years ! '
tr	NN	Clary resisted the urge to scream .
tr	NN	He tossed the file into the termination pile and she snatched it back out .
tr	NN	She nervously fingered a strand of her hair .
tr	NNS	I love our babies , but I love you more than anything .
tr	NN	Not that it would garner him special treatment from her .
tr	NN	I wasn 't so practiced a rider that I could ride like that without consequences .
tr	NN	When she placed a comforting hand on his arm , Justin seized the offering .
tr	NN	" Then why the silent treatment ? "
tr	NN	" I better check email to see if there are any urgent messages from the administration .
tr	NNS	Their lord has sent forth mouths to give his terms to my king and those kings of the other northern lands .
tr	NN	Instant pain , creeping down the back of my head and blossoming , like a bouquet of torture throughout my whole body .
tr	NNS	I do not do dishes . "
tr	NNS	But she had drawn very different conclusions from the story .
tr	NN	As he rounded the corner he noticed the tall steel structure of the bridge , arching in the middle so that the other end was obscured .
tr	NNS	I gave him a " thumbs up . "
tr	NNS	They were discussing the marks that the boys had on their chests and wondering what kind of animal could have done that .
tr	NNS	But , according to the maps , they 'd soon be entering more populated lands .
tr	NN	As the Guardians deep voice reached the count of nine , Jake operated the blue knob .
tr	NNS	He 'd be sucking meals through a straw and mumbling incoherently inside of a week .
tr	NNS	We do not have ranks , promotions , " belts , " levels , merit badges , or anything of the kind .
tr	NNS	I changed his diapers and breast-fed him .
tr	NNS	Vin Pushed the coins away , then reached out and Pulled on the ones in the bag at the man 's waist .
tr	NNS	" She must have heard the servants waking up Breeze and Clubs , so she got up .
tr	NNS	He made several further attempts to round them up , but before he knew it the entire kitchen was crawling with arachnids .
tr	NN	At this point I received a hard shove to the centre of my chest .
tr	NNS	Kenny was still hanging just inches below the cliff 's ledge .
tr	NN	What Ian said always had deeper meaning than his listener first supposed .
tr	NNS	" How can I change diapers ?
tr	NNS	I can taste their wariness as it hovers on the verge of full out fear .
tr	NNS	Ethan preferred Italian suits , vintage wine , and expensive cars .
tr	NNS	The stuff enhances psychic talents but it 's badly flawed .
tr	NNS	She wore bead necklaces , a tight gray jersey , and a wrap around red and orange Indian print skirt .
tr	NNS	Zach joined the other nine students gathered around Becca .
tr	NN	A few loud knocks at the front door sent a burning sensation through my cheeks and ears .
tr	NN	" We could conquer the galaxy . "
tr	NNS	You 'll see witches everywhere you go . "
tr	NN	After we get our revenge on the gnomes , of course . "
tr	NN	Caroline pouted her best model pout .
tr	NNS	We simply haven 't found all the missing bits of it yet . "
tr	NN	Olivier looked a bit pensive .
tr	NNS	I gathered some candles from all over the house and brought them to the round dining table .
tr	NN	Now that I was where I wanted to be , I could afford a little reluctance .
tr	NN	" You missed the demonstration , but you can still take notes . "
tr	NNS	He had his doubts .
tr	NN	Nevertheless , I took a handful , just to be sociable , and I ate the kernels one by one .
tr	NN	Kenzie carefully turned the knob and cracked it open to peer through .
tr	NNS	Did she really win five coins at the district games ? "
tr	NNS	We didn 't like the same foods or the same music .
tr	NNS	He felt the singular instincts of the beast .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes we spent the winters in Taos or Santa Fe , and sometimes we spent them with the Indians .
tr	NN	Has a range of about a thousand miles .
tr	NNS	The bright rays glinted off the men 's clubs .
tr	NNS	All the shifters I know can trace their animal ancestry back centuries . "
tr	NN	A flood of silence deafened the hilltop .
tr	NNS	" Pewter Gate needs reinforcements immediately !
tr	NNS	Get a few crumbs in the confusion . "
tr	NNS	She slid the covers back and tiptoed to the door .
tr	NNS	I squeeze his biceps .
tr	NN	Yeah , uh he 's erm um a handful . "
tr	NN	Rachel had the impression that Ethan wasn 't paying as much attention to business as he used to .
tr	NN	' Sometimes siblings just want revenge . '
tr	NN	Caleb zipped up his windbreaker , wondering whether to knock again or give Madison time to cool off .
tr	NN	He gave a theatrical gesture , inviting her to precede him .
tr	NN	She watched Maverick 's face twist with pain and feared it was a reflection of her own .
tr	NN	The door and a large window faced the stern .
tr	NNS	Hot angry tears burn the insides of my lids .
tr	NN	She closed the refrigerator and went back to the stove .
tr	NNS	It hovered for a moment a few inches above the floor , and then exploded into tiny popcorn shards .
tr	NN	Ashley , after he kissed her goodnight .
tr	NN	At the very least , she would have found a coven to bring you along .
tr	NNS	" From now on you can address your requests directly to General Marcus Rand .
tr	NNS	Jetta makes hand motions along with her story , heartbreak written on her face .
tr	NN	" And I like your personality .
tr	NN	I had the urge to run back and tell him I wasn ' t helpless .
tr	NN	I revised my attitude about Lynn Liggett right then and there .
tr	NN	Julian tossed a crossbow and a few arrows to Melissa .
tr	NNS	He set the dogs upon them , and demanded Cecelia and I retreat to our rooms .
tr	NN	" Did the jury reach a verdict in that case ? "
tr	NNS	I would have rather chewed off my thumbs than have this conversation .
tr	NN	Just when the lion was about to pounce , the Piper took out his flute and played the song he 'd heard flowing through the grasses .
tr	NNS	I have patients waiting and I 'm running late as it is . "
tr	NNS	He set all systems to standby .
tr	NN	Lucien 's arms gave me a gentle squeeze .
tr	NNS	" What other subjects do you enjoy ? "
tr	NN	Raja pressed the timer on his watch .
tr	NN	" All the time , " he said , gripping her thigh harder , driving deeper .
tr	NNS	" I 'm having real difficulties controlling this thing . "
tr	NN	Barret forget a responsibility ?
tr	NNS	His fingers grazing her breasts as he unfastened the next button made it seem as if the air had suddenly been sucked right out of the room .
tr	NN	Trey smacked her hip .
tr	NN	The nondescript door did its duty and opened .
tr	NNS	He had just been offered half a million dollars and a chance to revive his career , and he had held it up over a detail .
tr	NNS	FARC planted explosives inside one of the buildings .
tr	NNS	The mind plays interesting tricks . "
tr	NNS	She had no issues this go-round and walked over to put out the cigarette she had dropped .
tr	NNS	I didn 't need Adonis .
tr	NNS	And some of them , poor dears , had their babies even though they weren 't married .
tr	NNS	The quake had caused the hologram servers to malfunction , and shaky lines maneuvered their way across the moonlit yard .
tr	NN	Finally Fellows had obtained a warrant for Waller 's arrest and had gone with his constables to Marylebone to bring him in .
tr	NNS	" Alright , today we will learn the basics of guns and , if we 're lucky , get in some target practice . "
tr	NNS	" I had pink and green rubber bands on my braces .
tr	NNS	Sour biscuits , too .
tr	NNS	Other photographs had titles such as ' his house ' , ' his toothbrush ' , and ' his middle-school crush . '
tr	NN	He gave my shoulder a playful squeeze .
tr	NN	At the cold touch , a shiver ran down her spine but a hot flush came to her cheeks , thoroughly confusing her .
tr	NNS	Someone , Julia assumed Catherine , had wiped away centuries of dust from the central panel of the door .
tr	NNS	" They don 't make contracts for this kind of deal .
tr	NN	From the moment he 'd made his magical reappearance in her world , the two of them had no other option but to end up right here .
tr	NNS	He took three quick breaths and plotted his course up and over .
tr	NNS	I was smashing ribs and breaking necks as I went through those wolves .
tr	NN	Should he ignore Lucien 's command and attack now ?
tr	NN	Wet to the bone , Carrie dragged the sodden hem of her coarse work pants out of the mud and shivered against the unrelenting downpour .
tr	NNS	Back at home , Kelly made sandwiches and soup , and then they talked about her upcoming trip as they ate .
tr	NNS	The blaze ate my journals so beginning this feels like starting anew .
tr	NN	Besides watchmaking , Eliza had an indelible talent for engineering , entirely self-taught .
tr	NN	She must have seen the objection in Adrian 's eyes .
tr	NN	They handed the radio equipment to several engineers who were standing by .
tr	NN	" Wait a sec . "
tr	NN	So I wouldn 't put it past him to protect me like that , get vengeance for me .
tr	NNS	He picked up his cards and considered them , his cold blue eyes on the hand in front of him .
tr	NNS	" As long as you 're in my arms , I 've got no complaints . "
tr	NN	She intensified her appraisal of him .
tr	NN	I had only one option .
tr	NN	Counsel After a bath came a joyous reunion with my family .
tr	NNS	You wan na wake snakes ?
tr	NNS	No one had any real expectations of me , and I was comfortable in my nonexistent clique of girls .
tr	NN	I didn 't need his advice and he didn 't need me .
tr	NNS	" Just supplies and food .
tr	NNS	" You didn 't test all your AIDS patients for the antibodies to the virus you thought caused their disease ?
tr	NN	Stacy stiffened her resolve and met his gaze in the mirror .
tr	NN	I catch a gleam in his eyes before he turns back to his body .
tr	NN	I fought down a rising tide of panic as Edna and Pearl moved around the room .
tr	NN	Catching sight of Rose and Dimitri chatting near Trey , Inez gave a small snort of amusement .
tr	NNS	They 've probably encountered scores of species in the hunt for food .
tr	NN	We slithered down the hill on our bellies , staying to the tall grass that yielded to swampy ground heralding thicker undergrowth .
tr	NN	We lifted the coffin and carried it to the other side of the starting line .
tr	NNS	" Very well but I do not want excuses , I want their heads and if I cannot have theirs , I will have yours . "
tr	NNS	He briefly studied the trailing apprentices , raised an eyebrow in question , and asked , " and with these kids in tow besides ? "
tr	NN	I left my dorm and walked across the campus quad .
tr	NN	Most people wouldn 't see a goblin if it sauntered up and bit them on the nose .
tr	NNS	It might have recorded all the reports that flew around you at the crash site . "
tr	NNS	I had no doubts that he would do what he said .
tr	NNS	Don 't contradict your superiors .
tr	NNS	Pain or no pain , he didn 't like needles .
tr	NN	Leslie 's stomach let out an unbidden growl .
tr	NN	Crying would just egg the drill sergeant on .
tr	NNS	The sound of our feet slapping the wet bricks echoed endlessly up and down the passage .
tr	NN	He placed the dagger in it , closing my fingers around the hilt .
tr	NN	Tornadoes are crossing the Midwest , leaving destruction and death in their wake .
tr	NNS	" I 've left stains I liked better than you more recently than six years ago . "
tr	NNS	" Practice sounds good , " I said breathless .
tr	NNS	We didn 't want mining rights to particular worlds ; we wanted the rights for whole systems .
tr	NN	She dampened a paper towel with cold water and pressed it against her cheeks .
tr	NN	She raised her pistol and shot wildly .
tr	NNS	From out of the shadows of the fortress 's ruined gate slithered two figures .
tr	NNS	He 'd concentrated his efforts on Nicola .
tr	NN	" Like brand new . "
tr	NN	" So you would rather have a basket of raspberries than a box of chocolates ?
tr	NNS	" Eden , " Kiran responded slyly .
tr	NNS	Tell no tales and you will yet survive the encounter .
tr	NNS	But St. Denis trusted his instincts .
tr	NN	I read your manuscript , and I thought it was fantastique , so I put it on the new fiction editor 's desk .
tr	NNS	Dr. Z scratched his whiskers , and his eyes squinted at the control panel .
tr	NN	" The regent has recognized your claim ? "
tr	NN	Miranda twirled her ponytail .
tr	NN	And then he was pouring his seed into her , hot and strong and deep .
tr	NN	Daphne gave me a shove , careful not to hurt me with her Valkyrie strength .
tr	NN	I had accepted a partial scholarship to the University of Chicago and Sean was staying behind in Maryland to attend the local university .
tr	NNS	In our state , we looked more like stoned students than guests .
tr	NN	His tone communicated fervent hope and desire her status was not Mrs. She squeezed back .
tr	NNS	That Year By M.J. Fontana Published by M.J. Fontana © 2014 M.J. Fontana All rights Reserved .
tr	NNS	Pausing in the doorway , I took a few deep breaths and stepped through .
tr	NNS	We didn 't find no wolves .
tr	NNS	Then she pulls the sundress over her head and tosses it into the backseat .
tr	NN	Twice , Bird One dropped his fork and needed her to fetch him a new one .
tr	NN	Crossing the street , she found a bus stop bench in the shade , and sat down .
tr	NN	Overhead , in the canopy , monkeys used the highway of tangled vines to converge and follow the woman as she made her way through the forest .
tr	NNS	" I believe your actions .
tr	NNS	Nikolas held up his palms to Brandy .
tr	NN	All active duty military accepted the possibility of death on the job .
tr	NNS	" Lower your torches !
tr	NNS	We may have thinned his ranks , but the man is clever .
tr	NN	Shapiro 's face grew gaunt and pebbly with beard shadow .
tr	NNS	" Now , when can I see these coins ? "
tr	NNS	The others were having more troubles however , and a lot of them were calling for help .
tr	NN	That meant the removal of those iniquitous Penal Laws .
tr	NNS	James wiped sweaty palms on his jeans and put one boot in front of the other .
tr	NNS	And this way you achieved endless grief .
tr	NNS	Let 's get some photographs first . "
tr	NN	" So , girls , don 't forget your spelling and vocab homework ... oh and your math worksheet .
tr	NNS	I had five sharpened pencils in the front pocket of my bag .
tr	NN	She fought back a shudder when she imagined his hand coasting just a few inches downward .
tr	NN	" And said a special prayer to St. Rita . "
tr	NN	I have a dirty deed I got ta take care of . "
tr	NNS	He 's holding two long , bloodied knives in his hand .
tr	NNS	* * * We parked several blocks from Roth 's apartment , and Zayne waited at a small park a block down .
tr	NN	He set down the chunk of machinery and crossed his arms .
tr	NNS	Jacob loaded the bikes into the bed of the truck with ease , laying them carefully on their sides so they didn 't show .
tr	NN	Surprising enough , only a few Americans sought sanctuary in the safe zone .
tr	NNS	I thought my worst fears of losing him had come true . "
tr	NNS	It could also have underground rail stations inside it .
tr	NNS	She peeled back the covers and wrapped a black bandage around my arm , inflating it until it hurt while pressing her cool fingers to my wrist .
tr	NNS	She had meetings set up with two different people .
tr	NN	" Bigger fish ? "
tr	NN	He kissed her soundly .
tr	NNS	What could Sofie have ... My loneliness .
tr	NN	He brought the jar over and stood it on the desk in front of Emeline , watching as she bent to examine it .
tr	NNS	" Very well Harry , go and get a few biscuits from the barrel in the kitchen , but we can 't stay long today . "
tr	NN	Cool air dusted her spine .
tr	NNS	She pointed out small movements that he would miss or helped , him with the correct pronunciation of difficult words .
tr	NN	Jace gave up his inert rope .
tr	NN	She noted the small white refrigerator located beside the desk .
tr	NN	She 'd thrown down a proverbial gauntlet to a man who made a profession out of competition .
tr	NNS	And they don 't take pets . "
tr	NN	It wasn 't as though he 'd discovered any shortage of " old-fashioned " girls , either .
tr	NN	Dave handed the candle to Rob and reminded him to hold his hand in front of it so it wouldn 't blow out .
tr	NNS	" Please accept my deepest apologies .
tr	NNS	Dorothea refilled her wineglass .
tr	NN	" I appreciate the history lesson , but we got a situation going on here .
tr	NN	Bodies littered the landscape .
tr	NNS	Teams like that play other top teams .
tr	NN	Reed gave her a mock scowl .
tr	NNS	She did the breakfast dishes .
tr	NN	Next day Ben put the freshly laundered bathroom mat back in place .
tr	NNS	Jeff stopped five yards from them and put a hand on my arm to stop me , too .
tr	NN	I slipped off the blood rag and slipped on the clean shirt .
tr	NNS	She quickened the strokes , and he bit down on her lip .
tr	NNS	My father 's shoulders dropped a few inches .
tr	NNS	" She does have some mental issues , hence the stay at Lake View .
tr	NN	Jane grabbed Grant 's discarded pistol .
tr	NN	Each evening , the agony inside him burned hotter , brighter , like a fire that could not be quenched .
tr	NNS	He sketched out the houses basic outlines and turned the sketches over to architectural illustrators to transform his preliminary work into final full color illustrations .
tr	NN	He passed the mic to my mother .
tr	NN	Jared 's words sent my mind spinning .
tr	NNS	I know my rights ! "
tr	NNS	He rubs his temples for a long moment .
tr	NNS	We 've had quite a few maintenance issues lately so the garden has gone to the bottom of my to do list . "
tr	NNS	The remaining guard poured two cups of a blood red wine , and handed them to the Seeker , who then offered one to the Prince .
tr	NN	" It has a scanner . "
tr	NNS	In a flash , Lilly stood inches from me .
tr	NN	" Just get the witch out here , ok ?
tr	NN	" You want a resident Healer ?
tr	NN	" Tell me about Nathan and his family , " she said , the ache still in her voice .
tr	NN	He wanted oral acknowledgment .
tr	NNS	I have certain interests in the city who indicate that is true .
tr	NN	Through the haze she caught a glimpse of kind eyes .
tr	NNS	The trip for Emma 's wedding had taken four shots of whiskey just to get me okay with the idea of the plane taking off .
tr	NNS	After tucking her into bed , he opened his senses , then summoned the doctor to his room .
tr	NN	" From what I 've seen , she 's got a spine of steel . "
tr	NN	When she buries her face in my shoulder , when I pull her as close as I can without bruising her , I feel her chest shuddering .
tr	NN	He shouldered the backpack and stalked toward me .
tr	NN	I would rather have done payroll .
tr	NN	" Last summer , I really wanted this scholarship to go to a science camp .
tr	NNS	Faith had clearly taken the reins on this one .
tr	NN	They 'd been driving southeast for most of the day when Andra lost the trail .
tr	NN	" I don 't want revenge anymore .
tr	NNS	After they exchanged greetings , they all gathered chairs around Anna 's desk and began to eat .
tr	NNS	Simon kept the starting eleven , making no substitutions .
tr	NN	Roger turned his umbrella on and concentrated .
tr	NNS	Rif entered the tepid waters with his net and harpoon , the undertow pulling at his ankles .
tr	NNS	I echoed his sentiments , my breath catching as my nipples hardened and the heart beneath began to pound .
tr	NN	" They hadn " t even known about the painting ? "
tr	NN	" I don 't need protection from her .
tr	NNS	She 'd already lashed out , the blades she 'd forgotten about aimed at his jugular , ready to cut into his spine .
tr	NN	- If you would like to , we can bake a cake .
tr	NNS	Every other vampire surrounding us bared their fangs and extended their claws .
tr	NN	The cloaked men had taken chase and were right on their tail .
tr	NN	" You have located the American scientist ? "
tr	NN	" You 've always lived this sham ? "
tr	NNS	Steve grabbed her buttocks and heaved her up .
tr	NNS	I 've already got a dozen ships in that sector , ready to go on our command . "
tr	NN	Gladstone 's internal pressure valve was approaching meltdown , but he caught sight of Olivia arriving and waved her over .
tr	NNS	Several junior officers presented for orders and each wore several blades of dried grass above the insignia of the Red Army .
tr	NNS	In the tiny bathroom Fritz found a few packs of hair gel and deodorant .
tr	NNS	" Now , hold still , " she breathed , her normally neat hair scattered and beads of sweat on her brow .
tr	NN	I don 't hit the final Mog with my Lumen .
tr	NNS	" Good , we won 7 points off the first place team .
tr	NNS	I can 't find his original data .
tr	NN	It slowed his descent , but it didn 't have time to take full effect .
tr	NN	The bruiser rubbed his knuckles .
tr	NNS	Moving now toward the heavily secured doors , Gabrielle had no illusions of getting through them .
tr	NN	Then , a scream of frustration as the guard realised his elementary error .
tr	NNS	It possessed powers beyond her , powers that made it more than a book .
tr	NNS	I have credit cards .
tr	NNS	She and Charlie had very different interests , often disagreed on departmental matters , but still managed to get on well .
tr	NNS	The Lycans fired over and over , the sound like claps of thunder , one volley running into the next .
tr	NN	" Oh , thank goodness .
tr	NN	In a whirl of dark cloak , he leapt over a row of topiary deer and disappeared into the gardens beyond .
tr	NNS	I dug my fangs into the fish .
tr	NNS	He can call up all the powers of darkness to destroy the soul of his victims .
tr	NN	Tim hauls a wad of paper napkins out of his pocket and fans them out on the table .
tr	NN	I experienced a minute pang of guilt for being so hard on him .
tr	NNS	" Excuse the glad rags .
tr	NNS	From the hallway , footsteps announced new arrivals .
tr	NN	Of the pieces that were left he made a small rope of five meters .
tr	NNS	It saved our hides from a beating .
tr	NNS	She 'd pulled such tricks on his father a couple of times .
tr	NNS	My eyes frantically scanned my surroundings , desperate to be calmed by familiarity .
tr	NN	He pushed the hem of my jeans up .
tr	NN	You do not know the ache of losing your home in the vastness of space .
tr	NN	" Here , Said the innkeeper , bending over the other .
tr	NN	His men faced the same fate when they appeared behind him .
tr	NN	His black leather pants cupped a butt so fine that it should be stamped with Grade A Prime on each cheek .
tr	NNS	She 'd rather tumble down the cliffs trying than ask Helga for help .
tr	NN	Dale put his fork down , pushing aay from the table .
tr	NN	" We do a brisk lunch trade and carry a limited dinner menu . "
tr	NNS	Many miles away Judd could see the dark clouds approaching over the horizon .
tr	NN	" I 'm wearing a ball cap for Christ 's sake .
tr	NN	He had a big responsibility and was proud of what he had achieved in his life -- up until recently ; now he wasn 't so sure .
tr	NNS	" Do you give guided tours ?
tr	NN	Some people don 't like anybody . "
tr	NNS	Dobson examined his fingernails thoughtfully .
tr	NN	She dropped her pen and leaned back , putting her hands behind her head .
tr	NN	This isn ´ t going to get any easier .
tr	NN	Kellen felt her fists clench .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of Elise , not caring , of Elise wrecking everyone 's lives that she came into contact with .
tr	NNS	Peter just left the items in the bottom of the canoe .
tr	NNS	" I don 't work weekends . "
tr	NNS	I 'll have one hundred thousand dollars wired to your account within the day .
tr	NNS	" I can see those old buildings below ... you remember the quiet ones , right ? "
tr	NNS	We need a model , " Electra said slyly .
tr	NNS	Those pink shirts he wears cost more than a hundred dollars , too .
tr	NNS	" But how could they possibly fear robots ?
tr	NN	Such a grumpy little witch . "
tr	NN	A bead of sweat ran down his temple , and his words seemed even more labored .
tr	NN	There , he could finally give full devotion to his jealous agony .
tr	NN	" Why are you still wearing that uniform ? "
tr	NN	The old man opened a drawer and took out a police flyer .
tr	NNS	I inspect the labels on everything I eat or drink to check the calories and fat content .
tr	NN	" I don 't see any yellow tape .
tr	NNS	I had no illusions that he wasn 't a maniacal control freak and that he manipulated everyone around him .
tr	NN	Prue made them both a hot chocolate before joining the other woman in the living room .
tr	NNS	They played cards , tried to cool off , and finally went to bed .
tr	NNS	We 've contacted your references and they all vouch for your hard work , dedication and reliability . "
tr	NNS	He 'd only brought two changes of clothes , thinking he wouldn 't be in Austin that long .
tr	NN	" I give you my protection , my allegiance , my mind , my heart , soul , and body .
tr	NN	We lived off their cruelty though we can no longer walk their world and inhale in it .
tr	NNS	She didn 't draw runes .
tr	NNS	Kelly took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	Crow with Muddy Waters in Chicago , playing the blues .
tr	NN	Her perfume smelled faintly of vanilla .
tr	NNS	Within what you are now lay the seeds of your destruction . "
tr	NNS	" Despite the offer to share Jaden 's POS , I want my own wheels .
tr	NNS	The driver grabbed his reins and shouted a curse at his horses .
tr	NNS	He felt dizzy but he would not give into it and look weak in front of Marianna .
tr	NN	Closing her eyes , she let the water slowly rake over her face , rush down her front , and pool at her feet .
tr	NNS	The majority of Troy 's men concentrated their efforts on William , Patrick , and Hector , although the remaining five didn 't have it easy .
tr	NNS	Besides , Henry disliked politics , and was glad to just agree with Amica and let her blow off steam .
tr	NNS	" I bet nobody messes with you . "
tr	NNS	She clenched her thighs together and tried focusing on the movie , but her vision was too foggy .
tr	NNS	" New Orleans would have masked dances around Carnival , but they rarely interested me .
tr	NNS	" I created these spells .
tr	NNS	Bad deeds reduce cumulated points .
tr	NNS	She has ripped yer families apart .
tr	NNS	Wilsonville has connections to city buses .
tr	NNS	Instead of answering , he sadly held up the remains of his kilt .
tr	NN	That it disproves enemy status or that I am not an enemy ?
tr	NN	She opened the door and bounced in the room like a young child , the smile on her lips lifted the fatigue from Amber 's heart .
tr	NN	BACK TO SCENE Jack wears a plaid kilt and continues to adjust the seat .
tr	NN	' Yes , I think ... um ... we should take Ed .
tr	NN	Liam hit the garage door opener and together they headed outside .
tr	NN	He pulled the box cutter out , and flashed it .
tr	NN	We close the gate and I peek over the fence to see that no one is watching .
tr	NNS	Then , not knowing what else to do , I dried the dishes he 'd put in the drainer and stowed them away .
tr	NNS	We have had centuries of people coming here and making problems .
tr	NN	What the fuck are we doing here ? "
tr	NNS	Charlie ignored the alpha 's taunts , focusing on his movements .
tr	NN	I know that ridiculous hair style anywhere .
tr	NNS	In a bookcase , he found mystery novels , which didn 't surprise him since the woman appeared to be an enigma herself .
tr	NNS	After he 'd sworn to hell and back , Pate had given them directions to this safe house .
tr	NN	I will take this crown off right now and give it to you . "
tr	NNS	Have your visions attested to that ? "
tr	NNS	She could hear the roughness of longing in it , longing for the physical reassurance of closeness , of any touch at all .
tr	NN	Every few months Paul raised the topic of having the car restored , but she ignored him .
tr	NN	Just after closing the front door , he heard a familiar sound emanating from the basement .
tr	NN	Maddie pushed a loose strand of hair behind her ear .
tr	NN	She is even testing Lukas ' patience .
tr	NN	Stone tucked his pistol into the back of his waistband and continued to scan the bodies .
tr	NN	Sensing no evil intent from the lonely digit and lens Bobby didn 't panic , choosing to observe the observer instead .
tr	NNS	What if she 's doing drugs ?
tr	NNS	I get my meetings at work , and whether I had realized it or not , they were actually helping me get through this . "
tr	NN	screamed the hunter while maneuvering his horse to go towards an easy prey he spotted .
tr	NN	It was like watching porn .
tr	NN	His voice had that fatherly quality that only arose when talking to one of the girls , I thought , a combination of all knowing and warm .
tr	NN	That spelled disaster for Craig when it came to his longtime crush , Anna .
tr	NNS	My mind could play tricks on itself without even realizing it .
tr	NNS	You 've derailed international relations and diplomatic negotiations .
tr	NN	No one would look askance if you were to walk away . "
tr	NNS	Nearly two weeks later , just after full dark , they boarded the ships .
tr	NNS	" You have balls .
tr	NN	" Did she take a backpack or purse with her to the mall ? "
tr	NN	Then Sigi produced a hemp rope from a wooden box near the opening of the tunnel and tied it around Harald 's waist .
tr	NNS	" Or sales , because of the chicks .
tr	NNS	After brushing his teeth he donned clean boxers and sat on the closed toilet lid .
tr	NNS	As the few snickers finally died down , Jake took two steadying breaths and prepared to resume his report .
tr	NNS	If any one of them is involved in this , then boy , have we got troubles . "
tr	NN	A tiny tickle of euphoria raced up his spine and spread across his face , curling the corners of his mouth into a smile .
tr	NNS	I checked all the old news reports and talked to friends , that sort of thing .
tr	NN	Though you pray until you 're witless You will never pierce the veil .
tr	NNS	He had the servants fill a bath with boiling water and pasta , and when it cooled down ... " He shrugged .
tr	NNS	His wild eyes scanned the shelves and hangers .
tr	NN	An old " Race for the Cure " T-shirt covered the little canister of pepper spray clipped to my pants .
tr	NN	Driving past the little neighborhood grocery , she 'd always gotten the impression that only the elderly residents of the area shopped there .
tr	NN	I felt genuine sorrow for how he snapped at me .
tr	NNS	Bill had set up two betting pools .
tr	NNS	As her eyes darted around the room , she saw the paints and canvas and paintbrushes and walked over to them .
tr	NN	" I can 't take full credit .
tr	NN	I 'd call it an improvement upon last .
tr	NNS	She laid the cards down on the table in front of her .
tr	NNS	Going down a corridor , he entered the tunnels and made it to the military compound unnoticed .
tr	NNS	It doesn 't send data back to the Hab .
tr	NN	We tried every Hobart in the book . "
tr	NNS	It tears down ceiling tiles .
tr	NN	Quickly , Stellan handed her his napkin .
tr	NNS	After the beetles emerge , collect the mushrooms , place them in the jars , and bring them to me tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	Since his childhood , Mayank had witnessed his family members stifling questions which he asked innocently .
tr	NNS	They pushed her five centuries into the future .
tr	NN	I say this as friendly advice .
tr	NNS	He only reveals fragments of his secrets to me , but he seems to draw most of his power from the stars .
tr	NN	LM I reread the email , pouting .
tr	NN	Chills crawled down my spine .
tr	NNS	Michael swallowed the remains of his second muffin , and cast his companion a questioning glance .
tr	NN	I 've been working non-stop since Negative Exposure and I think it 's time to take a break . "
tr	NN	Mackenzie let out a low groan .
tr	NNS	But to a guilty mind , apparent foreknowledge often worked wonders .
tr	NNS	Each of us suffer our burdens , and those are stones we carry until we are dead .
tr	NN	" Got a pen ? "
tr	NN	He 's got the whole package and things are going great .
tr	NN	" We had a disagreement . "
tr	NN	Amy resumed her nervous pacing .
tr	NN	He walked up the passageway at the bottom of the airship and into its belly .
tr	NNS	They both removed the necklaces at the same time with tiny squeals .
tr	NN	I still want that fish and chips .
tr	NN	Screw pure and noble scholarship .
tr	NN	Julian leveled a killing glare at Cupid .
tr	NN	We chose outdoor furniture that would create the feel of being outdoors .
tr	NN	Steal the scroll . "
tr	NN	' ... tie the knot .
tr	NNS	Chapter 4 I slipped little white silk slippers on my feet and followed the graceful Elf out of the room .
tr	NNS	He would get his clients on diversion orders and community service , or obtain orders for the treatment of their addictions , their mental illnesses .
tr	NNS	Tick forgot his aches and pains and sat up .
tr	NN	If you open yourself up to it , it will consume even a god .
tr	NN	Taking possession of her mind for minutes at a time .
tr	NNS	His men brought chairs .
tr	NNS	You escaped the gods and their island . "
tr	NNS	He slips his boxers and jeans back on while I pick up my pants and shirt from the floor .
tr	NN	Thank goodness it was getting dark because I knew I was blushing .
tr	NN	She traced the flow of it down to where it had pooled in the cushion .
tr	NNS	True , she can only use the ﬁrst four metals with any skill , but the progress she 's made is amazing . "
tr	NNS	I 'll give you directions when we get to the shop . "
tr	NN	He 'd almost faded out before the psychotic Russians came roaring into Gamma base , slaughtering anyone that moved .
tr	NN	How could they so casually accept a defeat which hadn 't occurred yet ?
tr	NNS	I studied our surroundings and tried to see beyond the wall of trees .
tr	NN	I lift the receiver to my lips .
tr	NNS	" Where on earth did you get steaks ? "
tr	NNS	I 'd never really liked bear steaks , but the way they seasoned em were fairly good eating .
tr	NNS	They represented victims , victims who deserved justice for what they 'd suffered .
tr	NNS	Zoe 's heart was giving its last few beats .
tr	NN	His body is fighting exhaustion , blood loss , hunger , a million different points of pain .
tr	NNS	She had more potential clients than she had time to work with , but how much fun is breaking into a building if you 're asked to ?
tr	NN	" What mockery is this ? "
tr	NNS	Her eyes watch the buildings around her shake ; some are swaying side to side , and others she can see are forming cracks .
tr	NN	This paper band thing you put on is keeping the cream in place .
tr	NN	" No man has too much talent to be a musician .
tr	NNS	She had no doubts where he was concerned .
tr	NNS	Also , then we don 't face any legal repercussions .
tr	NN	You could see the whole valley from up here .
tr	NN	He skirted the bumper , walking toward the shore .
tr	NNS	I was coming nearer and nearer to her and yet she ignored me .
tr	NNS	Worthy of the same shaded scales as the very first Undine , passed down through our lineage .
tr	NN	We women need to stick together , make a sisterhood pact of our own . "
tr	NN	Sam opened his briefcase and took out three envelopes .
tr	NNS	He pushed the covers back and sat up in bed .
tr	NNS	He wondered all sorts of things while he looked down at the keys .
tr	NNS	And so He created companions who could .
tr	NNS	" You got four lap dances ? "
tr	NNS	The technicians swallow their doubts and start getting me ready again .
tr	NN	He kisses my temple and whispers softly in my ear .
tr	NNS	They were still locked together , hearts pounding and lungs burning .
tr	NNS	Daniel was untying the knots , rubbing my wrists where the rope had left depressions in my skin .
tr	NN	" When things started going bad , Matt filled up the bathtub full of water and started filling up everything he could with water .
tr	NNS	In Salvation , people would already be shouting objections or support , but the room remained calm and orderly .
tr	NN	Surely she could do a friend a favor .
tr	NN	" You 've been giving me the silent treatment since last period . "
tr	NNS	" You should see the numbers they 've got before deciding that , sir . "
tr	NNS	The two armed men took positions at the door , so Kali and I walked up to the pair at the desk and stood , waiting .
tr	NNS	Years of erasing stories in the media had given him the contacts necessary to ensure that photo wouldn 't see print .
tr	NNS	" I 've been perusing the data on Dr. Lansing . "
tr	NN	Binding a Shield was like using a coupon code : it only worked once .
tr	NNS	Della let out a hiss of air .
tr	NNS	His strong and muscular body , the years he 's spent in the gym and playing baseball have done his physique wonders .
tr	NN	She swallowed the lump in her throat , " Hi . "
tr	NNS	I heard the guitars in the background playing some Johnny Cash song ... of course .
tr	NN	But in truth even unions have little recourse when a company just packs up and leaves .
tr	NNS	I could hear wails coming from within and it sent chills up my spine .
tr	NN	" I like the desert .
tr	NNS	Just how accurately , Leo wondered further , did the dynamics of their dinner seating reflect the politics of the Kimball family ?
tr	NN	" You need a dagger to eat the food ? "
tr	NN	She glanced down the row of stands and cases .
tr	NN	The ceiling lights glowed more brightly yet .
tr	NN	Gray passed his rubber package to Monk .
tr	NN	Light the dumb candle already . "
tr	NNS	Without looking back , he grasped the reins , put his heels to the horse 's sides and prodded the animal into a gallop down the drive .
tr	NN	Alma finished the mouthful she was chewing and swallowed .
tr	NN	Blushing and avoiding eye contact she flipped the cassette 's lid .
tr	NN	The face of an angel , cloaking the devil .
tr	NN	If they could see me now , they 'd give me a commendation medal for heroism .
tr	NN	" What the hel s are you doing here ? "
tr	NN	Monk fumbled his rifle around and pointed it through the door .
tr	NN	Frederic swallowed and nodded , a sheen of sweat beading his upper lip .
tr	NN	" My people use a substance that burns even under water .
tr	NN	None were full and many only had one item on them .
tr	NNS	My dad always keeps jumper cables in the toolbox in the back . "
tr	NNS	She launched accidents where ever she went .
tr	NN	Experts cited an electromagnetic anomaly in the atmosphere as the reason for this .
tr	NNS	" Will you please do the honors , Vincenzo ?
tr	NN	I loved this damn sofa .
tr	NNS	When we were out of range of windows and neighbors you lit two cigarettes and handed me one .
tr	NN	" Max just did a sweep .
tr	NNS	It can also lead messengers or new protectors to me . "
tr	NN	I say a prayer that she did , although I no longer know who I 'm praying to .
tr	NN	When the program was announced , it had an effect on attorney morale all right , just not the intended one .
tr	NN	An organ struck a chord and blasted through the TV speakers in surround sound .
tr	NN	Anna opened her desk drawer .
tr	NNS	He wriggled backwards and sat next to Mickey .
tr	NN	To escape the flood of information , he hurled away the baseball cap .
tr	NN	I flipped off the computer monitor as Hemp came into the dining room where I 'd set up to write .
tr	NNS	He stuffed the two biscuits in his pocket and put a spoonful of the soup in his mouth .
tr	NN	He usually has evenings free so Mister Abbott can entertain his guests in his own , shall we say , privacy . "
tr	NN	We 'll send your pa to fetch you .
tr	NNS	He spouted insults , and when he wasn 't mocking her , he called her Raine .
tr	NNS	No vampire or sorceress in their right mind will enter these lands .
tr	NNS	I needed the ingredients .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you hate doctor 's offices ? "
tr	NN	The first jet of sem * n made her body clench as she followed him into orgasm .
tr	NN	I opened the closet and hauled the sleeping bag and pillow from the top shelf .
tr	NN	I felt bubbles release from my mouth and nose .
tr	NN	Adelina has the potential to be very useful . "
tr	NN	" Yeah , sounds like a blast . "
tr	NNS	Being read her rights ?
tr	NN	With each step , the air grew hotter .
tr	NNS	I should have had suspicions at that point , but I was still all choked up , so I didn 't think about it .
tr	NNS	You mean skid marks ? "
tr	NN	He approached the saloon on Clark Street , the open door inviting , but it was the side door for the priests .
tr	NNS	I know the basics . "
tr	NNS	" I have no powers . "
tr	NN	Maybe I can find you some additional equipment , if you need anything .
tr	NNS	Joyce didn 't raise any objections .
tr	NNS	" Give me the dates , flights and hotel reservations .
tr	NNS	Barnes had a wrist compass ; it glowed green .
tr	NNS	The wind carried scents , stories .
tr	NN	Haidar echoed his resignation .
tr	NNS	Both drool and blood dribble from his mouth as he stares at the three frightened females before him .
tr	NN	He had a lean , fit runner 's frame .
tr	NN	As they embraced , I got my first glimpse of the Senator outside of the conference walls of my office building .
tr	NN	She demolished her first slice and chewed her way through another .
tr	NN	She heard another low growl , but decided to ignore that one .
tr	NN	A gasp followed my realization , and I whipped around while shaking my head .
tr	NNS	She moved a few stacks of books , then retrieved the sleeping bag from her fold-out bed and spread it out on the floor .
tr	NNS	After making two pots of coffee , he roamed the dark halls flipping light switches and inspecting the building .
tr	NNS	I just report the numbers . "
tr	NNS	" Because we help victims .
tr	NNS	" And after you proclaimed last night at the Council meeting that you had formed The 7 , we couldn 't take any more chances .
tr	NN	As soon as the bracelet was free from Tasha , she gave a heave and a kick and a scream .
tr	NN	I stifled a shudder and awaited his next move .
tr	NNS	" I have my doubts .
tr	NNS	My father also wore dark slacks with expensive Italian shoes and a crisp , white dress shirt .
tr	NNS	Anna heard remarks like that about her mother when she was growing up , and it really bothered her .
tr	NNS	" I do see the stretch marks here .
tr	NN	" If you married him and he took the Kirke name , your father could leave the estate to him . "
tr	NN	" I don 't know what you should do , " I said , amazed anyone would ask advice of me .
tr	NNS	Both you and my brother have big , huge brains . "
tr	NN	I checked each stall , ready for an ambush , but they were all empty .
tr	NNS	They all wore uniforms , although since no two uniforms were exactly alike they were not , in fact , uniform and therefore not technically uniforms .
tr	NN	Bones 's face twisted as one glance revealed the extent of her abuse .
tr	NNS	There they skillfully built log houses and set up tents and food stores .
tr	NN	He picked up the backpack that sat beside him .
tr	NN	" Look , cut the small talk crap .
tr	NN	Isaac turned his dagger into a pole and rode it down to the ground .
tr	NNS	We will market the nanotech cameras , the antenna , and monitor systems .
tr	NN	I felt hands clasp around my arm and turned my head to meet my brother 's eyes .
tr	NNS	As his mouth brushed over hers , her heart skipped several beats .
tr	NNS	Mike was watching the buildings .
tr	NN	When he turned back , she pulled his red cap out of her new purse .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want excuses ! "
tr	NN	" I 'll return the favor when I can . "
tr	NN	Ryan caught a glimpse of Kelly 's bared back , admiring the silkiness of her dark brown skin .
tr	NN	" Jack , there are way too many clothes there , I picked one outfit to wear tonight , but the rest need to go back .
tr	NN	Had she really thrown his entire speech back in his face ?
tr	NNS	As a prosecutor , she stared down criminals on a regular basis in prison interrogation rooms , on the witness stand .
tr	NNS	Peel away the lies , and the truth would emerge , nak * d and ashamed and with nowhere else to hide .
tr	NNS	Next thing you know , you 'll be roping cattle like a pro . "
tr	NN	I tear off another chunk and use it to dust off a circle of the mirror .
tr	NN	" All sites combined within the States have a total capacity of 80 million individuals .
tr	NNS	I 'll pay you forty bucks . "
tr	NN	She had the toughest reputation in the company and gave no quarter when people approached her charge .
tr	NNS	Troops exchange tales , and I 'm informed about what my troops hear .
tr	NNS	She 'd leave marks that I would feel later .
tr	NNS	She noticed a few dress shops on her way and stopped in .
tr	NNS	Ash 's voice raised the hairs on my neck .
tr	NNS	Soon he had ten balls going in the air , flying in a pattern so complex that I couldn 't track them .
tr	NNS	And I did make a few contacts . "
tr	NN	Gabriel kissed my temple .
tr	NN	Callum let out another long yawn and saw that the medical station hatch was left slightly open .
tr	NNS	Cain righted the fallen chairs .
tr	NN	I prepared a baked potato and vegetables when I got home , but I hardly tasted the meal .
tr	NN	She cleared her throat discreetly when two men at the bar rose and began to approach her .
tr	NN	I swallow the dry lump threatening to suffocate me .
tr	NNS	I always brought condoms .
tr	NN	" She 's using a trance .
tr	NNS	His hands held her breasts , loving the way they fit in his palms .
tr	NN	All with the glisten of oil or some reflection , matching the complete covering of the running figure .
tr	NN	She knows her location by smell alone ; it is a familiar , sickening , clean , terrifying hospital .
tr	NNS	Jackie usually had weekend assignments , and whenever she was on duty , Chrissie watered her plants and brought in her mail .
tr	NNS	You don 't have super powers , a black belt , or the money to build a billion dollar robot suit .
tr	NN	He replaced the receiver .
tr	NNS	Kara noticed balls of perspiration formed on the small of her back , and from temple to temple across forehead .
tr	NN	To my left , I could see a small branch of the trail that headed off toward the sound of the running water .
tr	NN	" A girl coaching football ? "
tr	NNS	We entered the trenches .
tr	NNS	Her voice sounded breathless .
tr	NN	I got the impression that he didn 't like me very much .
tr	NNS	She brought her fangs down on him , then got hold of his head and legs and ripped him in half .
tr	NN	" No , leave your gown on for now . "
tr	NN	An exquisite thrill of fear travelled along Ransom 's spine .
tr	NNS	Now scram , you 're scaring my birds . "
tr	NNS	His experiments required fresher subjects .
tr	NNS	It came out more judgmental than I 'd meant it .
tr	NN	Underworld , you even stood down a god !
tr	NN	She held up a clump , hopelessly knotted .
tr	NNS	Nate shifted the reins from one hand to the other and said , " I 'm not sure what you are getting at .
tr	NN	She finally told her aunts lawyer , trying forcibly to pull herself together .
tr	NNS	He takes several deep , shaky breaths .
tr	NNS	He could have just ordered his subjects to leave instead .
tr	NNS	Once it 's triggered , the web will absorb the psychic scents in the room , while the oil in the vial absorbs the physical odors .
tr	NN	As I 'm recounting my adventures , I remember the newspaper article .
tr	NNS	" You 've heard the tales .
tr	NNS	Ashe named off the other male students in his and Sali 's class .
tr	NNS	And I 've heard the maids and such talking . "
tr	NN	You didn 't regain consciousness , died in theater .
tr	NNS	" Um , please don 't tell anyone I attacked our allies . "
tr	NNS	Where was she getting all these different powers from ?
tr	NN	" When you 're trying to hide your identity , you pick an assassin from another country .
tr	NNS	At least we 'd reduced their numbers by ... Eight .
tr	NN	he asked , when he sat back , a hand resting on a brat 's head .
tr	NN	Marshall gave her a dismissive pat on the back and glided over to me .
tr	NNS	" Remember , ditch your ID cards in the tunnels .
tr	NN	The boy let out a rough groan that made Caleb 's stomach churn .
tr	NNS	Ones that had small cats with Santa hats on them .
tr	NNS	I 'll make your excuses . "
tr	NNS	This filled their hearts with joy as they embraced her in another hug .
tr	NN	" You never could hold your liquor . "
tr	NN	Joshua saw Ruth peek through the curtain for a moment .
tr	NN	As I twisted to zip it up , I distinctly heard her mutter " melon " under her breath .
tr	NN	He picked up Beau 's instrument of death .
tr	NN	I check my wristwatch and add , " It ten to , give my apologies , get a few big screens in there and show this .
tr	NN	" And what brings a scientist from North Jersey to Arizona to dig a national treasure out of an old barn ? "
tr	NN	" No , getting some aspirin . "
tr	NNS	Nola didn 't want her sisters injured , but neither did she want Zane to lose , and waiting proved difficult .
tr	NNS	I 've had enough surprises for one day . "
tr	NN	Something like admiration , or maybe respect .
tr	NNS	He moved through the crowds on the covered sidewalk , not rushing , yet not meandering , either .
tr	NN	Tears wet the soft velvet of Cameron 's dressing gown .
tr	NNS	It takes balls to own it .
tr	NNS	He lowers his handheld and points off into the distance .
tr	NNS	Her eyes adjusting to the dark , she could see the straining tendons in his neck .
tr	NN	I noticed a very large diamond perched on top of one finger , which sparkled in the light of the bonfire .
tr	NNS	I pressed my palms to the splintered wood but I could still imagine them running down a hard thigh .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't believe all the cold stares she was getting , like she was the walking dead .
tr	NN	And then he had reappeared and thrown a giant wrench into all of the hard work it had taken to try and piece herself together again .
tr	NNS	" You do the serving honors ? "
tr	NNS	" Several little surprises , in fact . "
tr	NNS	I don 't care what excuses or issues you have .
tr	NN	His arms never left the railing blocking me in .
tr	NNS	Take a few deep breaths .
tr	NN	They pull a chariot , and upon the chariot are the mother of suns and her last child .
tr	NNS	That moment when you realize your brain and your heart can play tricks on you . "
tr	NNS	On the two knights flew , heedless of the arrows from the scouts .
tr	NNS	She threw the covers back , got up , and walked to the closet .
tr	NNS	She could see the ornaments and colorful lights and the stack of presents with pretty bows and ribbons , tucked neatly beneath the lowest branches .
tr	NNS	The silence spoke volumes .
tr	NN	A chill crawled up my spine .
tr	NNS	And out of the darkness came more hooded figures .
tr	NN	Saber caught a glimpse of a shadowy figure hastily backing out of sight .
tr	NN	Once we had them cut off we tossed the shark overboard .
tr	NN	I 've got caller ID , so I can tell if a call 's the one I 'm waiting for .
tr	NNS	He retrieved the two beers from the kitchen and handed her one and eased himself into one of the oversized armchairs adjacent to the couch .
tr	NN	Thank Zeus , Acheron doesn 't have that repugnant quality .
tr	NN	" Oh , yeah , I should be busting my butt on this investigation to impress good old Nick . "
tr	NNS	As she 'd predicted , Jonathan found several inexpensive items to register for and Kelly was perfectly happy with every decision he made .
tr	NNS	I approached my sisters first .
tr	NN	Chase 's hand gave mine a squeeze and I exhaled suddenly .
tr	NN	* While I searched for a better spell , I perfected a fairly convincing impression of Reese and somehow made it through the rest of the week .
tr	NNS	Nate held up the hourglass , examining the sphere of yellow sand trapped in the central chamber .
tr	NNS	He lit the candles , spread them out throughout the church for light , and comfort .
tr	NNS	The fact that she 's presenting me with it speaks volumes about how much going to this party means to her .
tr	NN	Take both if you can , ride one whilst the other rests .
tr	NN	You know my riding style .
tr	NNS	They don 't allow woman members .
tr	NNS	" How could you bet ten cents when you haven 't even really settled your cards ? "
tr	NNS	The second one came armed with a casserole dish of cheese and onion enchiladas baked with love and seasoned with guilt .
tr	NN	When he dropped those two bombs on her , he might want a peace offering in hand .
tr	NNS	I threw off my bed covers and stood , not so much as granting the cupboard a sideways glance .
tr	NNS	I felt nauseous until I saw the Huntsman again .
tr	NNS	Slowly , they steered their suits towards the bigger ship .
tr	NNS	With the silence came no distractions and with no distractions came no excuses .
tr	NNS	They have other heroes as friends that come together in times of need , or an amusing sidekick at best , but definitely not henchmen .
tr	NNS	Clayton brought out two contracts of indenture and helped the brothers scratch their first names only on the paper .
tr	NNS	The odor of the attractant and the time of day should summon a few dusk bugs .
tr	NN	Ryan took the file , reading as he walked to his desk .
tr	NN	In the process , she tore a chunk of my skin as she tumbled with the other vampire to the floor .
tr	NNS	Metal and plastic don 't give off strong scents .
tr	NNS	" ... And sisters ! "
tr	NNS	I 'll pay you twenty bucks if you show me what those monsters look like . "
tr	NNS	She raised her torches high , the flames leaping upward .
tr	NNS	I have a couple meetings and a dinner to attend . "
tr	NNS	You won 't find any bugs in my programs , kid . "
tr	NN	I heard the Whistler swearing revenge .
tr	NNS	The dishes - " " Forget the dishes . "
tr	NN	The memory of those pale , fevered eyes made her stomach clench in disgust .
tr	NNS	I set the coffees down beside me , read no regrets written on the back of my hand , then touch my exposed scar .
tr	NNS	As the cold water splashed his face , he felt the coolness transferring from the water to his eyes and then to his brain .
tr	NN	Across the parking lot I saw an elegantly fenced in area for the garbage receptacle .
tr	NN	But we 'll have our revenge . "
tr	NN	My brother feigned dismay .
tr	NNS	I got my own troubles to deal with .
tr	NN	One jump and I cleared the railing , but before I could get fully inside , something raked my back .
tr	NN	Grace set her burger down and wiped her mouth with her napkin .
tr	NN	The others sought any purchase they could find .
tr	NN	I could see his resentment at the implication , but at the moment , that wasn 't important to me .
tr	NNS	Down the way , Monk noted shadowy branching tunnels .
tr	NN	cried the witch , clasping the girl 's arm with her long boney fingers .
tr	NN	" Don 't tell anybody , but some of my relatives are a little peculiar . "
tr	NN	Did I leave that impression ?
tr	NN	He had scanned a dozen or so when he said , " Got it ! "
tr	NNS	He plowed the funds back into his main account and then promptly ignored it .
tr	NN	Viper absently studied the dagger in his hand .
tr	NN	Last of all he checked his wristwatch .
tr	NNS	The waitress laid their sandwich plates in front of them .
tr	NN	Start your speech and I 'll get that out of here once I 'm able to hone in on where the receiver is . "
tr	NNS	Aunt Maya bound her ribs and sat at her bedside for days .
tr	NNS	They kept staring at Minos as if making sure he was real , Roach squeezed Minos 's stringy biceps about a hundred times to confirm his solidity .
tr	NN	I do not claim credit for this idea .
tr	NNS	" You know , that ice bath worked wonders .
tr	NN	My body stopped contracting ; the only remaining oxygen in my blood was shunted to my brain for a few more precious seconds of life .
tr	NNS	Verne checked his compass to make sure he was still on course when he saw a sight that brought back his guilty feeling .
tr	NNS	' Twenty-seven dollars ! '
tr	NNS	They lowered their mouths , opening wide , fusing alien and human together .
tr	NN	" It gave them more credibility , remember ? "
tr	NNS	I rack my brains , running through the possibilities .
tr	NN	Here and there , I catch a glimpse of Enzo 's crimson hair .
tr	NN	I picked up a pencil and studied it .
tr	NN	And that woman -- that vile , joyless , noble woman -- had done the deed .
tr	NNS	I had earned these marks .
tr	NN	Show some respect . "
tr	NNS	He heaved hard breaths as he tried to process what he 'd seen .
tr	NNS	We cannot defeat armies of that size with the few fighters we have , either . "
tr	NN	" I meant no harm .
tr	NN	Simon would give her credit if the thought didn 't leave him physically ill .
tr	NN	She rubbed Dean 's belly .
tr	NN	" Why don 't you try out the recliner ? "
tr	NNS	One participant shoots the targets while riding a horse through the obstacles .
tr	NN	My ear gets a blast of laughter . "
tr	NNS	He shook the pages in his hand .
tr	NNS	Jaxon tossed back the covers .
tr	NN	I called the mechanic this morning but he doesn 't appear to be open on Sundays .
tr	NN	She put her fork down and pressed the Rewind key .
tr	NN	They exchanged a mutual salute , and Cyril limped out , leaning on his cane .
tr	NN	Danni swallowed a groan .
tr	NNS	Yes , I can see the marks on your neck . "
tr	NN	She shut the fridge and moved over to the computer desk .
tr	NN	Alexia 's eyebrows made an inadvertent bid for the sky .
tr	NNS	And although I was flattered , I was also scared senseless !
tr	NNS	How many times could she go over the same conclusions in her mind ?
tr	NN	Dylan turned the ignition , frowning .
tr	NN	Daniel gave a whoop to rival Andrew 's and raced out of the room ahead of Ian .
tr	NN	" He brought the dossier ? "
tr	NN	Men don 't drool over me the way women drool over you .
tr	NN	Fetch the stew quickly from Cook , and you 'll have an excuse to pass their door . "
tr	NN	I have a brain tumor .
tr	NNS	" You have any whites ? "
tr	NN	The burgers filled my Audi with savoury aromas increasing my hunger ten-fold .
tr	NNS	You would receive a half-million dollars at closing under that assumed sales price .
tr	NN	We , on the other hand , had been conserving our battery waiting for a light so we could respond .
tr	NN	A group of scientists were assigned the task of finding new power supplies .
tr	NNS	" I have four sisters .
tr	NNS	I had two knives left , one of them already in my hand , and it seemed the magical stuff ended up leaving us at a draw .
tr	NN	I hear the slam of bodies against the metal door ; the handlers are nearly outside .
tr	NN	She tossed aside the boot and then crawled onto the bed , her hands smoothing up his chest until she got to his shoulders .
tr	NN	I want complete privacy .
tr	NN	When Hannah had been there before , the barrel had contained an injured skunk , which Seth had been nursing back to health .
tr	NNS	" And I also get 25 cents an hour picking vegetables at Ramsey 's farm .
tr	NN	Julian cracked his knuckles as his lip curled back to reveal one of his gleaming fangs .
tr	NN	She couldn 't see anybody , but there was something out there that suggested movement .
tr	NN	I push a strand of hair behind my ear again , watching him walk away .
tr	NN	Baker closes the dictionary and returns to the lectern .
tr	NNS	Eerie the stillness of this moment .
tr	NN	He lifted the hem of her floor-length gown .
tr	NN	He grasped the sword hilt with his other hand and tugged hard .
tr	NN	You don 't realize my admiration for him . "
tr	NN	Who would eat that crap ?
tr	NN	Casey picked up the glass unicorn from the night table next to her bed .
tr	NN	The other half had desired Hunter blood spilling into the streets of ancient Greece , crimson rivers of pain and terror .
tr	NNS	A young woman took requests for food ; I let Vince Howe choose mine .
tr	NNS	I wouldn 't wish that loneliness on anybody .
tr	NNS	Chris Read of Romance Junkies " Darcy handles serious subjects with heartrending humor and laugh-out-loud wit .
tr	NNS	Cook slapped his thighs , his warts jiggling with his belly as he laughed .
tr	NNS	Toward the last the Tribe was pegging missiles thick and fast .
tr	NN	Half the guards didn 't even understand our language , were happy to believe it was just grunts and roars we screamed in our agony .
tr	NNS	Inspect the next fifty yards of pipe toward the boiler .
tr	NN	He let out a yell and released my shoulder .
tr	NN	Mother doesn 't need your protection , trust me . "
tr	NNS	" I 'm not taking any chances . "
tr	NN	" You want a history lesson ?
tr	NN	We can have a little getaway and visit the bank in person . "
tr	NNS	All the schools used similar systems and had been built around the same time , so we started by studying the system in our own school .
tr	NNS	Last time he arranged some mirrors in the room and as she got there , she couldn 't locate him .
tr	NN	In mixing bowl cream together cream cheese and sugar .
tr	NN	Looking back into his eyes , Maddie found his gaze inescapable .
tr	NN	He takes the pen from my hand .
tr	NNS	Her sister had never had the same issues with their dad .
tr	NNS	" And you totally have the hots for me . "
tr	NNS	" Then why hasn 't everyone exhibited powers yet ? "
tr	NN	The patient wore a dressing gown but , again , her arms and legs were completely covered in dressings .
tr	NNS	The whole way home she checked her mirrors , expecting blue lights to burst on behind us .
tr	NNS	The DJ was dropping Rave beats to the masses ' enjoyment .
tr	NN	She tapped her fingernail against the key .
tr	NN	" Coach Blaine 's nephew ? "
tr	NNS	Four temple guards stood at each corner holding spears with tips pointed up .
tr	NN	They both had a good bath , and were fully refreshed .
tr	NN	" But I can 't abandon my clan , not until the demons have been defeated or I lie dead .
tr	NN	He 'd taken full responsibility .
tr	NNS	" But you had your suspicions . "
tr	NN	The men she served drinks to would touch her butt , and yet , you wouldn 't respond . "
tr	NNS	Twenty-five minutes later , she pulled the pans out of the oven and set them down on the cast iron trivets .
tr	NNS	She noticed bits of wood and charred ground around the foundation , where the grass did not grow back .
tr	NNS	Most didn 't share the same interests and values or simply weren 't interested in him .
tr	NN	" Oh , man , maybe I did break my butt . "
tr	NNS	Please , put the makers away .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , gentlemen .
tr	NN	She swallowed the lump of fear in her throat as she absorbed encouraging images from Shimmer .
tr	NNS	The woman eventually brought out plates of roast duck , heavily seasoned and marinated in oily gravy , with vegetables and hot bread on the side .
tr	NN	My hands are shaking so bad , I drop the pen .
tr	NNS	" Wel , it wasn 't like I had three square meals a day .
tr	NNS	Cassidy batted her eyelashes at him and put on a sugary voice .
tr	NNS	" Eighth Fleet has lost nine ships .
tr	NN	Emily nodded faintly , her eyes trained on the wood slats on the deck .
tr	NNS	The Prince , mouth open , ready to speak , closed his jaws with a snap and glared at her .
tr	NN	One of them held a dove gray tarp , folded neat and square ; this would be to wrap Sami 's body .
tr	NN	Azalea brushed a curl behind Rose 's ear .
tr	NNS	After the buyout of my first company a few years later I snatched up all his rights for a few hundred thousand bucks from him .
tr	NN	A little prickle of nervousness ran up her spine .
tr	NNS	See you later , Cass . "
tr	NNS	When we weigh it all , we tipped the scales on this one .
tr	NN	Esmeralda heard some snickering coming from the back of the room .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , " I told the doctors and nurses quietly .
tr	NNS	Just as he knew the wrong word from Will would have folks running away from his business .
tr	NNS	We 've been walking along the edge of the coast for an hour , stumbling often on the strange , flat , cracked layers of rock underfoot .
tr	NN	We used the cloth and rope from the rest of the parachute and made a tent to rest in .
tr	NN	Julie waved aside her protest .
tr	NN	Will they take the same meaning from it ?
tr	NNS	Garrett jabbed Carson 's ribs .
tr	NNS	Ships do not sail the seas in winter .
tr	NNS	" You have not lit your candles ?
tr	NN	It took all my willpower and strength to gain control of my reckless thoughts .
tr	NN	Necrosis ripped the whip from his throat and ignored him , continuing toward his prey .
tr	NNS	She takes several deep breaths , trying to calm herself down .
tr	NNS	He took the hundred dollars .
tr	NN	He freed the backpack from his shoulders .
tr	NN	He caught the dagger as it fell from paralyzed fingers .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods I have some ear plugs this time or I 'd be having the same problem again . "
tr	NNS	Hashem had raised the covers to show her the cookbook perfection below and the aromas of the haute cuisine creations had hit her salivary glands .
tr	NNS	I was having issues seeing you two together and I was definitely feeling romantic notions .
tr	NN	He was compiling a dossier on the surgeon .
tr	NNS	" Just don 't show your fangs .
tr	NN	The pounding agony in her brain would crack a blacksmith 's anvil .
tr	NNS	I flipped the cards upside down and pushed them aside , then focused my attention somewhere above everyone 's heads -- the golden rule of public speaking .
tr	NNS	I was already on the verge of crying , so thank the gods the hood hid that .
tr	NN	" You still owe me a favor you know . "
tr	NN	I checked the clock and frowned .
tr	NN	Risa gave a skeptical snort .
tr	NN	Alec asked the bald-headed bartender .
tr	NNS	As he chewed , he patted the mattress beside him .
tr	NNS	She hated these meetings .
tr	NNS	" Learned a few tricks since our last meeting ? "
tr	NN	Then she gave a quick snort .
tr	NNS	Yes , I have my knives . "
tr	NN	You have proof of this ? "
tr	NN	Albert unlocked the helm and positioned the rudders to neutral .
tr	NN	He figured when he got back from Boise , he 'd just get new furniture .
tr	NN	Putting my ear to the door , I heard " Just a Little Bit of Your Heart " by Ariana Grande playing .
tr	NNS	I ripped the covers off him and finally he seemed to shudder awake , tears streaming down his face .
tr	NN	He lowered the dagger .
tr	NNS	" How many pints did you get ? "
tr	NN	I feel a pinch in my elbow crease as she jabs the needle into my arm .
tr	NNS	She took my fingerprints and a DNA mouth swab to see if I would show up on their files to help identify me .
tr	NN	The new beard only heightened the effect .
tr	NN	" Then we 'd appreciate the escort .
tr	NN	" I can 't continue this charade any longer . "
tr	NNS	They had two more trips to make .
tr	NNS	She shoots a couple more jump shots .
tr	NN	The only evidence he 'd heard me was the higher pitch of his voice and the way his fingers gripped the pencil .
tr	NNS	He closed $ 75 Million dollars of business the first year .
tr	NN	* They could smell the thick , heady fragrance from the flowers before they entered the forest .
tr	NN	" I never read the article . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ! "
tr	NNS	Minus the D cups .
tr	NN	He was getting somewhere with Liz , he didn 't need her concentration wavering now .
tr	NN	He killed the stereo and got out , a small cloud of smoke emerging with him .
tr	NN	" I know an attorney who 'll do it .
tr	NN	He stuffed the cloth into his pocket .
tr	NN	" Marlowe , you should put a quarter in your boot . "
tr	NNS	We sucked back our energy packs , quickly , ferociously even .
tr	NN	" No , I 'll do all the apologizing .
tr	NNS	So far , he had sampled his Sub abilities only in the training facility pool .
tr	NN	Then he untied the rope , got into the plane , and in a minute or two they were gone into the sky .
tr	NNS	We don 't have any extras now , with Clara and Tiffany gone as well . "
tr	NN	" I don 't need a babysitter .
tr	NN	Then I felt a drip of water and saw James standing above me , running a towel over his hair . "
tr	NNS	I shoot daggers into him with my hardened gaze .
tr	NNS	As time went on , both brothers started families of their own along the Sabine River .
tr	NN	Marshall whips out a quiver full of arrows and straps it to his back .
tr	NN	It allowed the shark to circle around as he stared her down with his black eyes .
tr	NNS	When Cody pulled up in Ron 's truck , Ron noticed the fresh deer in the back and remembered the lions .
tr	NN	Her questing fingers found his flat , male nipple ; she smiled to see it draw to a tight point under her touch .
tr	NNS	It would draw the society members out for certain .
tr	NN	' Don 't want a reputation . '
tr	NN	Edgar didn 't exactly have the greatest reputation .
tr	NNS	" In different worlds people carry out different missions . "
tr	NN	My skewed perception , as we went over the fire , gave the impression that the flames rose with an attempt to catch us .
tr	NN	He valued his health .
tr	NN	He heard a clang , and moments later Rachel appeared in the open doorway , beaming .
tr	NNS	Thus far , the U.S. Government has resisted these requests by offering the current Guinea-Bissau regime economic and political support .
tr	NN	Ethan handed her a newspaper review of an off-Broadway play .
tr	NNS	Rapidly she reckoned the numbers of her former allies .
tr	NN	But they did their duty .
tr	NN	You have potential to be great .
tr	NN	Sarah had a much smoother transition in the classroom than her boyfriend .
tr	NNS	" Give the palms to your mother and grandmother and they will be under the illusion that you are with them . "
tr	NNS	" You don 't like my dogs ? "
tr	NNS	She slid his boxer briefs down his muscular legs and he sprung free .
tr	NN	She let out a low moan .
tr	NNS	You just can 't have bees in your room - " " I was studying them ! "
tr	NN	Radar wouldn 't do crap for them now .
tr	NN	" I 've never had alligator before .
tr	NN	" The brown-haired vampire , " Ethan said , then indicated a height .
tr	NN	He felt the tremble that shook her .
tr	NN	She tossed a fairly large chunk of bread towards it , but the black fish refused to move .
tr	NN	Small pieces of apple stuck to her tunic and juice made her face shine .
tr	NNS	He staggered backwards and clasped his hands over his ears to stop the vision .
tr	NN	He cradled the crossbow while scanning the brush ahead as each step from his hunting boots crackled dry leaves below .
tr	NN	I can see the slight smirk on her face at my discomfort .
tr	NNS	I hate new team members .
tr	NN	Conway pulled her forcibly along to the other end of the market .
tr	NN	Susi had packed a small tin of ground coffee that was brewing over the fire .
tr	NNS	She shifted a few inches to the side and away from him .
tr	NNS	We always have twins .
tr	NNS	His lips hovered inches from mine and I could feel his breath on my skin .
tr	NNS	Teddy pulled some flash cards from his pocket , then cleared his throat .
tr	NNS	I doubted my chances on that , but there was nothing else I could do .
tr	NNS	" Honey , it stinks so bad , I can 't even sort out the scents of the three workers .
tr	NN	" Our ultimate success . "
tr	NN	Suddenly , I heard a twig snap behind me .
tr	NN	He certainly had more proof of her dislike than he did of any softer emotion .
tr	NN	The man stopped his pacing and took a good , long look at the three tall matrons .
tr	NN	Chills crawled up my spine and raised the fine hairs at the back of my neck .
tr	NN	After the Blood Promise is made , Alex cuts the rope and frees Nicholas .
tr	NN	" Oh , thank god .
tr	NN	" You took her virginity ? "
tr	NNS	As he passed through the door of Roxie s bedroom , he placed aural and psychic shields around the room that would keep this conversation private .
tr	NN	I asked the bartender by the pool .
tr	NNS	The city has seen other lost travelers like her , seeking safe passage from one end of its labyrinth to the other .
tr	NN	Keno gripped the door frame and forced himself forward into the room .
tr	NNS	He pulled back a few inches to look at me , and his eyes did nothing to help my resolve .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to run like Lindsay 'd done .
tr	NNS	" I have a few errands to run this morning and I don 't know how long they 'll take . "
tr	NNS	He seems to take forever , the quiet in the museum playing tricks on me .
tr	NNS	She places the goggles on her head and then takes a sip of her water before placing it back down on the ledge .
tr	NNS	Her laughter teased his senses .
tr	NN	Go and find every detail about this human that you can . "
tr	NN	Sending him home in such a miserable state could also damage Birds ' Colony reputation and reduce the current generous donations .
tr	NN	I moved the block back and forth a few times , my hand under his .
tr	NNS	We have great powers , yes , but we are not invincible .
tr	NN	" Don 't blame me , blame your fucking uncle .
tr	NNS	I lift the heavy mattress .
tr	NN	Zook caught a glimpse of a cavernous room with a huge structure in its center before the doors closed .
tr	NNS	He 'd chosen his messengers among them and done what he could to set Astrid along the path the gods had chosen for her .
tr	NN	This second pregnancy is kicking her butt . "
tr	NN	He traced a fingertip along her warm red cheek .
tr	NN	As if ripping it to shreds hadn 't been enough for them , they 'd even spilled a foul smelling liquid on it .
tr	NNS	And discuss the latest engineering developments with her father .
tr	NNS	Wouldn 't want the data on it getting in the wrong hands . "
tr	NN	" Demons , Nazis , incurable blood lust .
tr	NNS	Finn dropped to his knees and hauled Cory up by the shirt , his face inches away from Cory 's .
tr	NNS	They ordered sandwiches and tea from the stooped waiter who came to serve them .
tr	NN	He grabbed the backpack holding their gear , including the dispersant rig .
tr	NN	His features now a steely resolve .
tr	NNS	Johnny cursed the same night 's quietness that had allowed him to hear whoever now stalked them .
tr	NN	Alexandra took one , Maria positioning the pillow she held behind her mother 's back .
tr	NN	Trust Mother to know her real estate .
tr	NNS	They called the fluffy little white clouds of summer ' Granny Aching 's little lambs ' .
tr	NNS	You could still see the marks where the boats had been dragged up onto the mud embankment ... ... more photos .
tr	NN	Upon reaching the car , Ed opened the trunk .
tr	NN	See , another task to add to your growing list of responsibilities . "
tr	NN	Dragon , Grace and the others had a sprawling villa less than a mile away .
tr	NNS	Trevor stuck his thumbs up .
tr	NN	A second shiver ran down my spine .
tr	NN	" What the devil is he doing here ? "
tr	NNS	He has enough abandonment issues without her screwing with his head . "
tr	NN	Our political and business leaders transformed our economy into a nation of consumers .
tr	NNS	We had entered Tartarus .
tr	NNS	" Several millions of dollars a year to the U.S. government , at least . "
tr	NNS	David and I resumed our positions on either side of the bed .
tr	NN	" I find it rather astonishing that my brother has grown so weak he has allowed this mortal you guard to remain alive .
tr	NNS	Unmarked ships typically meant Special Intelligence ships or ships belonging to high-ranking government officials .
tr	NN	Rachel eyed the second item on the list .
tr	NN	Can you change the security code so no one else can get in ? "
tr	NN	I 've noticed a depression in you that I haven 't seen since those first few weeks , and I really think you should get some counseling .
tr	NNS	He shackled the bikers under a wooden awning just off the dirt runway and left them to be looked after by Marlo 's friend .
tr	NN	Leave that sword hilt in here .
tr	NN	Then , when they rounded a bend , they saw a farm at the side of the road .
tr	NNS	His lack of details spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	Mistress Jane had used her powers to set this all up .
tr	NNS	His smile reveals pearly whites when he sees me .
tr	NNS	I have my own issues .
tr	NN	A massive limestone tower surmounted the structure , and niches along the front of the building held sculpted statues , each one different .
tr	NNS	I fondled her soft tits , first over her clothes , then inside , one unruly hand plunging down her shirt , palming that perfect flesh .
tr	NN	The entire battle had lasted less than a quarter of an hour .
tr	NNS	" Maya , we have all the arrangements in place .
tr	NN	Kaylee , for the most part , kept a stern glare on her face to discourage anyone from talking to her .
tr	NN	Without breaking gaze with me , he grabbed a strawberry and plopped the whole thing in his mouth .
tr	NN	And to be honest , I didn 't have any proof .
tr	NNS	I had some conferences with a professional historian .
tr	NNS	I 'll make the necessary arrangements and see you there ! "
tr	NN	She used the rag to roll the driver window down about an inch .
tr	NN	And I provide much-needed eye candy . "
tr	NNS	We can start the engines . "
tr	NNS	: Yes and I can see my failing quite clearly .
tr	NNS	I used hand motions to him as we separated and approached the vehicle from two sides .
tr	NNS	The customers would give their coats and hats to the female attendant , who handed them a numbered check .
tr	NNS	" You may 've grown six inches in a year , but I 'm still faster . "
tr	NNS	" He sweeps all the bugs out for you .
tr	NNS	It had taken two centuries for me to understand the real reason why the immortals hated me so .
tr	NN	She tried a shrug .
tr	NNS	They may now have allies in this , as well as in each other .
tr	NN	The hair on the nape of my neck rippled and a chill gripped my spine .
tr	NN	I have faith in the Shadows .
tr	NNS	Reluctant to give it up , Elaina memorized the figures at the gate .
tr	NN	But no memory does not mean no sensation .
tr	NNS	He read the witness reports .
tr	NN	The king 's army saw the giant bird like creature flapping its wide wings in the sky at the height of the castle .
tr	NNS	Ruby gathered up the necessary supplies and carried everything outside .
tr	NN	She pulls a pen out of her front pocket and slides it across the table 's surface toward me .
tr	NNS	Fires burned whole blocks where the bombs had already hit .
tr	NN	Disregarding any manner of respect , Rift vaults off the large gravestone , achieving enough momentum to access the alcove above .
tr	NNS	You will either surrender or face my martial arts skills . "
tr	NNS	" The man had many talents , but computing was not one of them .
tr	NN	Sudden infant death syndrome .
tr	NN	Once finished , he plonked the towel on Taro 's shoulder .
tr	NN	My mom graciously said goodnight and went to her room to give us a few minutes of privacy .
tr	NN	Byron had a high respect for the animals ever since that time .
tr	NNS	Pratt picked up the remains of his morning motivation and headed to Sam 's office .
tr	NNS	" I 'm overseeing the renovations for you . "
tr	NN	" Do you have any advice ?
tr	NN	" When I initiated , I took an oath .
tr	NN	Out of breath , I clenched the knob .
tr	NNS	She also wore sandals on her feet for the same reason .
tr	NNS	He has two sisters he 's trying to support and feed .
tr	NNS	But I never want train Pavel this way .
tr	NNS	Plain steel wheels ? "
tr	NNS	His wife didn 't like his extracurricular activities .
tr	NN	Chapter 34 Vann checked the clock tower that rose above the Blocks again .
tr	NN	Breakfast was served buffet style and everybody helped themselves .
tr	NNS	I even fluffed up the cushions on the sofa and collected all the garbage , empty Chinese containers and packets of cookies that were lying around .
tr	NN	" Perhaps you could give me a brief resume . "
tr	NNS	She hands them their coats reluctantly , and the three hug like dear sisters .
tr	NNS	" I just love new patients who listen , like the new boy about your age .
tr	NNS	They have all sorts of things .
tr	NN	It didn 't take much imagination to appreciate the value of the new fertile land below .
tr	NNS	Trees and branches have ribbons or strings tied to them , most often by duck hunters , or there may be notches cut into trees .
tr	NNS	Alexis put restrictions on Anthony 's appointed position .
tr	NNS	Elijah might have seen several different outcomes , but circumventing the battle altogether hadn 't been one of them .
tr	NNS	He separates the four elements into The High Priestess , The Empress , The Emperor , and The Hierophant , each one representing one of the elements .
tr	NN	She handed the menu back to him .
tr	NNS	Gaius let out a hiss of pain and clutched at his leg before going still and silent again .
tr	NN	And as Reuben glanced around at the people talking and laughing and nibbling from their plates he realized that nobody had noticed , nobody at all .
tr	NN	Thomas wiped his temple and nose .
tr	NN	As the demon arced backwards , he pressed his boot against its back and shoved it off of the blade .
tr	NNS	Addy had heard bits and pieces of their conversations and thought they 'd probably reconcile .
tr	NNS	I 've heard all the arguments .
tr	NN	" Take a deep breath , " said the nurse , and Bode had .
tr	NN	Besides , the continued waste of time was threatening his sanity .
tr	NNS	My heart kicks up its beats .
tr	NN	The pink light of dawn still held the sky captive the next morning when someone beat at his door .
tr	NN	The blow knocked out a tooth and burst the old man 's nose , and blood started to pour down his face .
tr	NN	For the first time he had less urge to get right back off to sleep .
tr	NNS	Whitlock took their coats and disappeared with them into the CID meeting room .
tr	NNS	It truly warms our hearts to see our clients happy .
tr	NN	The driver reached the front bumper of the police car .
tr	NNS	Now that I own my time , I write novels .
tr	NN	Fetch the stew quickly from Cook , and you 'll have an excuse to pass their door . "
tr	NNS	I make no apologies .
tr	NNS	I 'd know the uniforms anywhere .
tr	NN	Andrea , a woman who 'd never felt a man inside her , stifled a groan .
tr	NN	I also want to regain something I lost long ago ... my self respect . "
tr	NN	No spell she knew of could turn a talisman a color like that , anyways .
tr	NN	The faucet squirted another short blast of water .
tr	NNS	You get three coffee breaks and an hour for lunch , and you can take them whenever you need , kid .
tr	NN	He sipped the chocolate .
tr	NN	Why do I feel a pang in my stomach when I think of my father ?
tr	NN	" Get off my pier ! "
tr	NNS	' I 've brought some photographs of her from her file , take a look . '
tr	NNS	Because they could make babies .
tr	NN	He shot a skeptical scowl at Shock .
tr	NNS	" Just read the pages I marked for tomorrow .
tr	NN	The Lord will send a great flood to cover the earth and destroy all men .
tr	NNS	We bought her paints and an easel , in case she showed any inclination to be an artist .
tr	NNS	" And if they ever knew it were a girl giving them hope back , they 'd hiss at me on the way past . "
tr	NNS	Hopefully her family would provide many distractions .
tr	NNS	I opened my palms and watched the strands fall to the floor .
tr	NNS	When do you show them their new finds ? "
tr	NNS	Forensics took some samples so you will have to ask them directly about that .
tr	NNS	Send runners in my authority to any group of Yellow or Brown sisters .
tr	NN	That thought gave him a pang of regret .
tr	NNS	These two took positions in the rear on either side of the massive bay door ; I guessed they were in charge of deploying the crates .
tr	NN	Here there was almost a bowl shaped valley with steep ridges all along the north and western sides .
tr	NNS	Except with myself , but I don 't suppose that counts . "
tr	NNS	He wasn 't holding ten thousand dollars . "
tr	NN	" I own this condo , Nan .
tr	NNS	She had some doubts about that , too .
tr	NNS	He 's got his overalls down around his ankles , and boy he 's humping this thing in the moonlight .
tr	NN	Why didn 't they pick a star that pointed North ? "
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of a solid granite wall , seemingly undisturbed for centuries .
tr	NN	We have an unwelcome visitor . "
tr	NNS	I massaged my temples .
tr	NN	The spear had a wooden shaft and a diamond shaped head .
tr	NNS	Five others reluctantly put down their cups of coffee and plates of sandwiches and rushed to Betty 's side .
tr	NNS	Why open up any cans of worms if the defense doesn 't make them an issue .
tr	NN	As the leader of the pack reached out to grab Angela , William felt something strange ripple along his spine .
tr	NNS	She dropped her phone back into her clutch , then scanned the masses of kids running in every direction .
tr	NN	I read your email correspondence .
tr	NN	She plucked a scroll from a pile of them and unrolled it .
tr	NN	He kissed her roughly , desperately .
tr	NN	We 've mastered a cloning technology .
tr	NN	He let out a whispered groan .
tr	NNS	" My brother Paul shoved condoms at me as I was going out the door to come here .
tr	NNS	I blink away the nightmares and the frost and look around .
tr	NN	Feed my command with your remaining strength .
tr	NNS	She makes tracks in the beans and mixes the rice around before burrowing holes in her wet burrito .
tr	NNS	Don 't you have classes to attend ? "
tr	NN	Both the silver and stone looked high quality and there were strange markings on them .
tr	NN	" I have the powdered sedative in my ring and a knife in my boot .
tr	NNS	We can 't always sense their spells , so I doubt we 'd be able to pick up any real proof . "
tr	NNS	One could feel its coldness , see the veins in the stone .
tr	NN	Irritation shot along my spine and tightened my jaw .
tr	NNS	Two FBI agents stood next to the car a few paces , away talking in low tones and doing their best to avoid her .
tr	NNS	They were all yelling obscenities .
tr	NN	Neither Senator Lewis nor Representative Rogers would confirm or deny the rumor that joint hearings will be open to the public and nationally televised .
tr	NN	They need a treatment that counteracts the prior damage to brain chemistry without creating any new side effects . "
tr	NNS	People were out sitting on their porches in the evening the way folks used to do in River Sunday .
tr	NNS	I could hear birds chirping in the trees , but even though I searched for them , they remained hidden from me .
tr	NN	He had the talent even to derive the question from the last step of an answer .
tr	NNS	He heard heavy , sharp footfalls on the hard floor .
tr	NNS	With a steady hand , he unloaded both magazines and reloaded them in a new pattern .
tr	NNS	They have sharp noses and faces and pointed ears .
tr	NN	For putting up that veil and trying to follow you .
tr	NNS	Emelia took several slow deep breaths and rapped on the door before lifting the tray .
tr	NNS	" Tom , I couldn 't take any chances .
tr	NN	Here I was at Chanel on Madison Avenue , with a corporate credit card , buying a handbag without thinking twice about the price tag .
tr	NNS	They used water marks and shapes in the soil strata to place the parts .
tr	NN	Brick checked his subconscious to see if it had read it .
tr	NN	Why do you call him the hobbit ? "
tr	NN	But prickles tiptoed up her spine anyway .
tr	NN	" What the devil does that mean ? "
tr	NN	Its got hundreds of souls , it can 't fight single combat .
tr	NNS	The man had expensive tastes .
tr	NNS	Hi Mom , I screwed up my chances with a really rich guy you 'd probably hate .
tr	NN	We 'll see no more o ' him , " Crabtree reported as the men took their seats .
tr	NN	He then tried the stereo and the computer .
tr	NNS	In addition , she 'd recently made some important contacts , which may serve her best interest now .
tr	NNS	In a three-dimensional world , you still get figures but many figures make one solid body .
tr	NNS	He searched the barn 's rafters for the reason that eluded him .
tr	NN	It made my heart ache to watch him .
tr	NN	He raises his whip , a long chain of glowing white heat , and lashes his great and terrible horses .
tr	NNS	Entering the room of the Feeder and the Tall One , I regarded their sleeping forms .
tr	NNS	Pierre doesn 't respond and Timothy stares at him , waiting .
tr	NN	It turned out the owner and all the staff was from Madrid and Sevilla .
tr	NN	There at midnight , under the sallow yellow light of a street lamp , sat a familiar silver Audi .
tr	NNS	The doctor had his priorities , after all .
tr	NN	" Did you just see your fiance or your stepfather nearly murdered in front of your eyes ? "
tr	NNS	Louisa took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	Doug didn 't care that much about anybody .
tr	NN	" I don 't do infatuation unless his name is Sumner . "
tr	NN	With that last one , he clutched my thigh .
tr	NN	I cannot say the same , mentally .
tr	NN	Davidson pitched a marker at Ethan .
tr	NNS	The dwarves made various noises indicating joy and left , following the robot through a door on the left of the room .
tr	NNS	" Your aura is going all sorts of strange colors on me . "
tr	NNS	- a nuclear warhead in the labs ) .
tr	NN	' Jennifer , you have a visitor . '
tr	NN	" What the hell , we are looking for a pirate 's buried treasure . "
tr	NNS	They 'd drawn the drapes in case Keith returned .
tr	NN	Sebastian took the Cup from her hands .
tr	NN	Damon 's Power couldn 't detect every monster , couldn 't predict every twist of the human heart .
tr	NNS	Rema wiped her sweaty palms on her dress .
tr	NN	I studied the cop some more , but I didn 't recognize him .
tr	NN	' Why didn 't we smoke and preserve the fish when they were plentiful ? '
tr	NN	" But you don 't need to believe me , I have proof .
tr	NN	She couldn 't handle further pity or possible rejection .
tr	NNS	You could have used her descriptions somewhere in your next book . "
tr	NNS	It provided students with secondary to tertiary education , serving mainly children , aged thirteen to eighteen , of expatriates in Singapore .
tr	NN	He tapped his temple .
tr	NNS	I have no social skills .
tr	NN	The words kept spilling out in the worst case of verbal diarrhea known to humankind , angels or demons .
tr	NN	Dean stifled a yawn by stuffing a dumpling in his mouth , causing another choking spell and spray of debris from his nostrils .
tr	NNS	I later imitated God 's techniques supplying them with armor plate and beaks and fangs and stings .
tr	NNS	I 've got CCTV cameras set up around the perimeter .
tr	NNS	He left all the arrangements to me . "
tr	NN	Since they were soft T-shirts , sweaters and faded jeans like those she 'd brought with her on her vacation , she suspected the latter and gulped .
tr	NN	" How well do you trust this sergeant , Peter ? "
tr	NNS	Who can move actors around like chess pieces .
tr	NN	She hid the apron behind her back .
tr	NNS	They took more frequent breaks than usual .
tr	NNS	She heard pages flipping in the background as Rick checked his work schedule .
tr	NNS	Except that I did not have thirty-five dollars .
tr	NN	That night , when he was drying the dishes while I washed , Jack expressed disgust that we hadn 't closed the books on Beth Crider .
tr	NNS	Professor Kramer eyed Justus as they approached .
tr	NN	Returning to the street in front of the temple I found a public bench under a tree where I could lounge around inconspicuously while watching the entrance .
tr	NN	The thought of someone changing her while she slept made her shudder .
tr	NN	Kim lifted my briefcase off the floor , and held it out .
tr	NN	We have security tape of the yard where we keep our cars .
tr	NNS	Don 't want the bathroom germs to get you . "
tr	NNS	She had been having nightmares all week , the most vivid ones she had ever had in her entire life .
tr	NNS	" We can all say extra prayers for them later , if you 'd like . "
tr	NN	She 'd had a foreboding of what the note would say ; she had wanted time to absorb the message alone , unwatched .
tr	NN	She 'd cut him off , the reckless little witch !
tr	NN	It was not just about me having a visitor or , as I now was thinking , maybe more than one .
tr	NN	Evy turned a pointed glare to Brooke , who quietly shrugged in response .
tr	NNS	" I heard , he set dragons on it , sent the whole place up . "
tr	NNS	" When Dad married Mum they had six sons .
tr	NN	" What - " Suddenly the air left her lungs in a whoosh as Declan flipped her backwards and eyed her nak * d body .
tr	NN	He let out a low exclamation of alarm .
tr	NN	He throws his bolt in my direction .
tr	NN	If it 's right and good , you have patience .
tr	NN	I saw the gleam of insanity in Pearl 's eyes , the madness in Edna 's , the hatred in Travis Jackson 's .
tr	NNS	Refugees had no rights , though , no reason to expect better .
tr	NN	McKee had a confident and suave strut .
tr	NN	He was still nursing a hangover of whopping proportions .
tr	NN	A man entered the foyer from what appeared to be a library .
tr	NN	Zane resisted the urge to growl and instead stood up and stretched .
tr	NNS	Ethan wore only boxer briefs , his long and lean body exposed to my salacious glance .
tr	NNS	" I wanted no distractions from thinking about you . "
tr	NNS	You perform flips and flops inside your mind then the brain signal transmits it to the silver fabric .
tr	NNS	But of course Garrett had covered his tracks .
tr	NN	Finally , when the feelings became too overwhelming , I thrust the ribbon toward him .
tr	NNS	As little as I 've eaten over the last few days , my stomach still feels nauseous .
tr	NNS	They just saw the trappings . "
tr	NNS	" I found the condoms , Samantha .
tr	NN	The Devils continued the chase with more caution .
tr	NN	She repeated that phrase to herself several times , walking faster in the vain hope of losing him .
tr	NNS	King Viktor drained his wineglass and poured some more .
tr	NN	His kisses awoke her otherwise dormant subconscious .
tr	NNS	He had spent centuries of his life chasing demons , protecting others .
tr	NNS	Pop tells tales . "
tr	NNS	Tess put the note and fifty dollars in an envelope and sealed it , and Aaron had it sent ashore .
tr	NN	I sling my backpack over my shoulder and run my hands over the car door , looking for the handle .
tr	NN	" Deutsche Gramophone made a recording of our final rehearsal yesterday .
tr	NNS	" Not that I expect either of you have any objections , under the circumstances . "
tr	NN	" Through the air duct . "
tr	NNS	Whatever it was , it gave him the creeps .
tr	NNS	Even falling three floors and nearly drowning .
tr	NNS	" Regardless , you could still use your connections to get us an audition with the record company if you swallowed your pride and asked . "
tr	NNS	' He 's telling wicked lies ! '
tr	NNS	I take my palms away from my eyes and face her .
tr	NNS	The bartender pulled six and a half pints of best bitter and lined them up like sentries .
tr	NNS	The door across from it had two marks .
tr	NN	" I 've expressed my distaste for the Iota 's verbally ? "
tr	NNS	They followed their noses .
tr	NNS	It took three shots to eat through the tough fibers of the deceptively graceful stem .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any cups that would do the job .
tr	NN	I still sometimes can 't believe my good fortune .
tr	NN	At the moment , his newly discovered feelings for Alyssa and trying to figure out what he was going to do about them took top priority .
tr	NNS	" And you haven 't had any issues ? "
tr	NNS	He quickly changed targets and gunned down the woman .
tr	NNS	You 'd probably have nightmares too .
tr	NNS	They shouted taunts across the field , no doubt feeling arrogantly secure in their superior numbers .
tr	NN	I MAY BE SOME TIME , said Death .
tr	NNS	His father spoke passionately .
tr	NNS	" Cassie had no powers to start with so she was already an oddity amongst the Hunter line .
tr	NNS	And I 'll give you the five hundred dollars when we get back home tonight . "
tr	NN	With growing confidence and rage , a shiver of alarm still traveled down her spine .
tr	NN	" I wasn 't expecting special treatment .
tr	NNS	" I can 't refute your arguments and your kisses at the same time . "
tr	NN	Finally , the man held the towel up to my mouth and nose and then I uncontrollably lost consciousness .
tr	NNS	I had a few cups of espresso at Chelsea Market . "
tr	NNS	Nicolas felt her stillness , the instant pounding of her heart , the terror seizing her mind .
tr	NNS	The hinges resisted Madeline 's efforts .
tr	NNS	Only one of these people has telepathic abilities , and certainly no stronger than mine . "
tr	NN	Another explosion lit a nearby hill .
tr	NN	If he 'd killed April , she 'd find the proof she needed to put him away .
tr	NN	" Trend number four - " Benson began , and she clicked the tape off .
tr	NNS	The bounty hunter monitors our twists and turns .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen Smythe swindle unwitting traders at Quarry 's market before and didn 't want to fall victim to the same tricks .
tr	NN	She hadn 't had a bath since the dragon dunked her in the lake after she 'd vomited .
tr	NNS	" Uma , I feel dizzy .
tr	NNS	He struck the metals together , directing their sparks onto the tinder with a faintly doubting look on his face .
tr	NN	" Jack Griffin ran an article about it in the Chronicle over the weekend .
tr	NNS	" How many sisters does she have ? "
tr	NN	The second dark-haired man snapped off a salute .
tr	NN	You 've caused enough havoc in my life and I won 't allow you to do anymore damage . "
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps from behind made the plank boards of the porch creek .
tr	NN	Just before they set upon him , McCall saw his smile waver as he realized his folly .
tr	NN	" Maybe we do have proof , Ryland .
tr	NNS	" You 'll get the blades back after this is over .
tr	NN	Just talking to him had made my blood pump furiously through my veins .
tr	NN	Each section of the history features a summary at the outset . " "
tr	NN	Charlotte stopped her pacing in front of where Chase sat in her oversized club chair .
tr	NN	They removed his notepad from his own pocket .
tr	NN	Being reborn now won 't help your pup and your mate . "
tr	NNS	Jason studied the ships converging from all directions .
tr	NN	" For this time slot Susanna Carol has included one article of clothing -- a reflector button . "
tr	NNS	A woman in a white doctor 's coat was just entering Mr Sullivan 's offices .
tr	NNS	The pristine foyer had vases and mirrors and an elaborately woven rattan chair but not a key hung on the wall or resting in a dish .
tr	NNS	In Tara 's mind , passion and trust drove her actions , along with a deeper attachment to the man .
tr	NNS	" Like ... like he did drugs in front of me . "
tr	NNS	" I miss my folks .
tr	NNS	Thane kept tabs on all the regulars .
tr	NN	Adding four men to the bus completely changed the dynamic from the usual post-show bus ride that Sienna and I would have had alone .
tr	NN	I missed the dealership where I was able to sit in the AC when the lot was empty .
tr	NNS	" Five dollars a week .
tr	NN	Valerius took the dagger from his belt .
tr	NNS	' And Lithgow is accessing satellite data . '
tr	NN	Every so often , I get a powerful urge to return to that nameless little stream .
tr	NN	" How does everyone like their steak ? "
tr	NN	Mariners would call her a passage maker design because of size and shape to handle all types of weather and long ocean crossings .
tr	NNS	That some men have dark hearts and some women , too . "
tr	NNS	Allie had her doubts there , too .
tr	NNS	This place gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	You have too many tricks up your sleeve . "
tr	NNS	When it is necessary for him to communicate , he gives his judgments to his priests , who then reveal them to the world . "
tr	NN	Grabbing the half-empty bottle of Jack from the floor by the neck , I unscrewed the cap and lifted it to my lips .
tr	NNS	He watched the birds and digested their flight .
tr	NN	" Stacy is studying the Shroud right now for her senior report . "
tr	NNS	He inspects his fingernails .
tr	NN	That night , we received our first batch of mail in almost six weeks .
tr	NNS	Liz had skipped several classes complaining of headaches and had been reprimanded by the department head .
tr	NNS	And though deprived physically , I can use my powers to sense the wanderings of others ' around me .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't lose this coldness - otherwise he 'd have to hurt her again .
tr	NN	With the gigantic cat panting at my heels , I yank open the top drawer .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't maintain his forms and he did have extremely violent outbursts over minor things . "
tr	NNS	And she 'd known grief aplenty , especially of late .
tr	NNS	The man jiggled coins in his pocket .
tr	NN	Tate had the bird in motion quickly , rising up so fast that Hope felt as if she 'd left her stomach on the ground .
tr	NNS	The cottages had thatched roofs with large round chimneys sticking out the top of each one .
tr	NNS	He should have taken his chances , should have risked the odds and kept her with him .
tr	NNS	I 'll start the dishes . "
tr	NN	People in all parts of the lab hear Ed 's shout , as he pulls the alarm , setting off sirens .
tr	NN	Krystal had gotten the fun task of calling everybody to tell them what happened .
tr	NN	He cursed football , and Arnie , and , beginning with the Browns , every team in reverse order that had given him the pink slip .
tr	NNS	Zep , who 'd just managed to get to his feet now that his armour had restarted nodded " No complaints here Administrator .
tr	NN	I bet my neck 's bleeding a bit .
tr	NN	The day was rapidly growing hotter .
tr	NNS	She had brains and an amazing personality .
tr	NNS	His free hand cupped her breasts in his palm .
tr	NNS	Ancient store had old and worn floor tiles .
tr	NNS	The Lords Council itself crafted the security measures around the Grey Tower . "
tr	NN	Grace rubbed the condensation from her glass .
tr	NNS	" Well then , I don 't think I 'd take any chances . "
tr	NNS	Her psychic scent filled his senses like the most intoxicating perfume .
tr	NN	The nurse leaves the towel in the chair and walks back out .
tr	NNS	Before she could put another stake in me I sank my fangs into Jane 's neck and drank deeply .
tr	NN	He got the impression she was making fun of herself and Lila , as if book group was the most exciting thing they ever did .
tr	NNS	They 'd pool the gems they found and whoever was on break would try and sell them .
tr	NN	" Maybe I don 't want to be who I was , " I say , a familiar ache at my words .
tr	NNS	Strang could feel the emptiness in his own lungs , as he held his breath .
tr	NNS	" This mountain has many chambers beneath its surface .
tr	NNS	Matthew rubbed his palms together in anticipation .
tr	NNS	" Let 's get outta this place , it gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	" I would take some ear plugs .
tr	NNS	I studied his activities .
tr	NNS	I massaged my temples trying to make the world stop whirling .
tr	NNS	As she neared , I caught the unmistakable scents of smoke and sulfur .
tr	NNS	I know all the clubs , the teams , what championships we won last year , which teams are never any good .
tr	NNS	" We have laser missiles that will take care of the bigger ones .
tr	NN	" They might have used barbed wire for the fence . "
tr	NN	She 'd make a great actress .
tr	NNS	His eyes looked venomous as he bounded out of the morgue .
tr	NNS	In effect they had no serial numbers which they felt confused USAC .
tr	NNS	She felt dizzy , but finally managed to open her eyes .
tr	NNS	A cheery fire and low lights cast pools of amber on the gleaming dark wood surfaces , giving the pub an atmosphere of warmth and timelessness .
tr	NNS	The world , and the world 's ships , could use more fine doctors like yourself . "
tr	NN	Caroline eyed her uncertainly before finally giving a reluctant nod .
tr	NN	Michael rubbed his beard .
tr	NNS	She listed off the main points of my life as though they were nothing more than a simple report .
tr	NNS	" If I notify the Clave , they will send all their reinforcements .
tr	NN	" We have just crossed the Talon Pass and are on the West Mountain Road .
tr	NNS	It would require two trips to transfer Pris 's possessions to the apartment above .
tr	NN	With her arms braced on the table , she studied an open manuscript .
tr	NN	The remaining ten clan leaders and their parties followed the newly crowned Emperor into the grand ballroom where a celebration was already underway .
tr	NNS	Find the adults . "
tr	NNS	Everybody likes scented candles . "
tr	NNS	The strongest of you must take the rowing positions .
tr	NN	Or you simply don 't give a crap . "
tr	NNS	I might have ulterior motives for helping dig a little into Sam 's life .
tr	NN	Victoria watched Toby trudge off toward the study , restraining herself from disciplining him , another new part of his life .
tr	NNS	The new three shouted irreverent greetings as they began to unload their gear and set up their own tent .
tr	NNS	" What have you done Alexis ? "
tr	NN	" He loves your treatment .
tr	NNS	Matthew had gathered his assets in preparation for making Samuels an offer .
tr	NNS	" Doesn 't mean I should muddy the waters . "
tr	NN	I also caught a glimpse of a tattoo on his abdomen , and I made a mental note to ask about it later .
tr	NN	The parents saw no harm in the practice because it gave them the freedom to wander further out among the Orange trees to graze and gossip .
tr	NNS	I know a few Day Soldiers who have never learned this ability . "
tr	NN	Spoil her rotten . "
tr	NN	" But she 'll get little worship today .
tr	NNS	" Up ahead , see the mushrooms ?
tr	NNS	" Whatever we want ... do you have all your shots ... tetanus ... etcetera ? "
tr	NN	Plus , she didn 't want her reputation to become any more tainted .
tr	NNS	I softly massaged his balls with my hand and picked up the rhythm with my mouth .
tr	NN	The air didn 't have the same brisk and crispy element that infiltrated my lungs as Gavin drove me up into the mountains toward our house .
tr	NNS	You cannot hear the prayers rising everywhere , in every century , from every continent , from heart after heart .
tr	NNS	I recovered my senses as Cuthbert 's second arrow left his bow and flew towards the wounded foe .
tr	NN	Thank goodness I didn 't have to be anywhere this weekend .
tr	NNS	We resumed our natural forms and marched to the city gate .
tr	NNS	" You mean those pathetic knives ? "
tr	NN	Who the hell planned this ridiculous scheme ?
tr	NNS	He fucked my breasts , squeezing them together around his girth and sliding back and forth in the sticky passage between them .
tr	NN	Slowly Lara took off her blouse and skirt and shoes .
tr	NN	" Anyone got a vat of boiling oil ? "
tr	NNS	If we faced these guys again , I didn 't want any more surprises .
tr	NNS	Vampire politics and intrigue , indeed .
tr	NNS	" Do not throw knives at me . "
tr	NN	He felt her body ripple with life at his husky plea .
tr	NNS	He takes 3 small breaths in , holds it for a few seconds , and releases it in one long exhalation .
tr	NN	To avoid bodily harm , desist from civil disobedience and vacate the area . "
tr	NN	Thank goodness he was here .
tr	NNS	Star 's light brown skin , almond eyes , and long , dark hair referenced universal concepts of beauty .
tr	NNS	I pulled the covers up around him and made my bed on the floor beside him , listening to him wheeze and rasp .
tr	NN	She eyed the pen and paper .
tr	NN	That chance is so remote , his appearance at our party would be like winning the lottery .
tr	NNS	Snakes slithered through the leaves on the ground only inches from where Amelia was sitting .
tr	NN	Did you want a cocktail or beer , Mandy ? "
tr	NN	It must have cost a fortune , but Riley didn 't care how much she 'd spent on it .
tr	NN	She was showing more personality than most of the girls he had known back home .
tr	NN	But he put the comb away and jerked up to his full height at the sight of Phillip coming toward him .
tr	NN	she said dully , her voice barely a whisper .
tr	NNS	The demon bared his fangs before he went for Ren 's throat .
tr	NN	In one arm she held a pink dog carrier and in the other an oversized Louis Vuitton tote bag .
tr	NN	" Has he got an infinite hill ? "
tr	NN	We didn 't have a healer .
tr	NNS	A small curl of tawny chest hair escaped the confines of his tank top , matching the light dusting on his powerful forearms and thighs .
tr	NN	He watched the video of Myra walking around the island , appearing lost .
tr	NN	Maybe , between the two of us , we can control your urge to kill . "
tr	NN	He tossed aside the towel he 'd been wiping the counters off with and turned to face me .
tr	NN	Willy felt his stomach clench and then ease as Jeff turned and started cutting rope instead .
tr	NN	" Tell the seed to sprout .
tr	NNS	We 've made the arrangements for cremation and shipping .
tr	NNS	Hannah still had two blades left in her pouch .
tr	NNS	And even as she recounts and the camera purrs and Donnie moves for another angle , I can see the hardness that is learned .
tr	NN	" Time has no meaning to the heart . "
tr	NN	The sprinkled beetles left the paste and wandered toward the mushrooms , and several more took their place in the open shoe polish can .
tr	NN	He heard the front door slam .
tr	NN	Since then , I have found no suitable alternative location , and so , I can never falter .
tr	NN	Then she hit the pavement .
tr	NNS	" You 've been out setting fires ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll make the arrangements to get us off this island as quickly as possible .
tr	NN	I grabbed a handful of her silky dark hair and kissed her hard on the mouth .
tr	NN	They called the planet Saturn .
tr	NN	' Nothing wrong with the riddle , ' said the Sphinx .
tr	NN	Roberto put down the menu .
tr	NN	I fought back a lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	Anything that would bring out my freckles and clash with my red hair .
tr	NN	King Warlock , the letter read , we have your grandchild and heir .
tr	NNS	He has , after all , motives .
tr	NNS	She tried to picture the millions that would die , but they were an abstraction , a number too large to contemplate beyond cold statistics .
tr	NNS	He strode to the door like the confident male he was , heedless of his untucked shirt or disheveled hair .
tr	NNS	She did not have three hundred dollars to spare , but she forced herself to agree .
tr	NN	I gave the snake lady credit for even questioning him .
tr	NNS	After two hours , I 'm yawning so much my jaw aches , and my whole body feels as though it has been filled with wet sand .
tr	NNS	She made horrible noises and I knew better than to walk in when I heard those kinds of sounds .
tr	NN	A thousand spiders crawled up my spine .
tr	NNS	" But with Mab gone , you now run all the gambling operations in town .
tr	NN	Most Christians today owe their Christianity ultimately to the work of monks .
tr	NNS	He turned and flicked his reins , moving again .
tr	NN	He made the universal loco gesture at his temple .
tr	NNS	The attendant gave them directions to the nurse 's station closest to Grams ' room .
tr	NNS	" I 'd simply have the forms sent here for Andrew 's signature .
tr	NN	He bought this location and opened under the new name , in honor of her . "
tr	NNS	I don 't have five thousand dollars just lying around . "
tr	NNS	Not knowing what to say , she just nodded and mumbled , " Thou hath thy apologies . "
tr	NN	When I asked , she gave me the impression that your present wardrobe is more than adequate . "
tr	NNS	You have no such difficulties . "
tr	NN	Her father tossed a science magazine back to the table .
tr	NNS	Couldn 't we just ratchet up the intervals and do our training as we go ?
tr	NN	The Volvo 's bumper caught the immortal across the legs .
tr	NN	The moons lit the starry night , but not even their pale light could expose all the loose stone and uneven ground .
tr	NNS	Not allowed its due as one of the great twentieth century inventions .
tr	NN	He grunted an oath and turned away , back to the ship , holding Rand 's flask .
tr	NNS	The walls had tall gray panels and small flashing red lights .
tr	NNS	Heads lay paces from bodies .
tr	NNS	She told the doctors she would never sacrifice her child for her own life .
tr	NN	" What the fuck do you know ? "
tr	NNS	These things got spines that last for longer than you might think .
tr	NN	The following day a rider approached the castle .
tr	NN	Now she had changed her tune and said it was a really good school .
tr	NN	Even though Adrien stood just on the other side of the wall , she felt his unease about taking this step .
tr	NNS	The tips of her fingers danced over the sensitive inside of his wrist as she removed the adhesive backing then snugly secured the flaps .
tr	NN	I had forgotten my umbrella back home and I wondered how I was going to make my way out in the rain .
tr	NN	" We saw this film .
tr	NNS	" We had large forested areas similar to the one we are hiding in now scattered through out the surface of the planet .
tr	NN	She felt the laughter bubble up inside and hastily clapped a hand over her mouth .
tr	NNS	You two have some serious issues to work out . "
tr	NN	" Uh-huh , " Dave replied , eyes narrowing hopefully .
tr	NN	She lit another candle , mumbled something that I couldn 't hear .
tr	NN	Behind the riders , beyond the plain , Jason saw a geyser erupting .
tr	NN	Like 88 Fingers up there , he just plays piano forever . "
tr	NNS	And if we 're playing fair here , I 've got ta call foul on your using that against me now .
tr	NN	As her body twisted , she caught a glimpse of her reflection in the mirror .
tr	NNS	I could feel his hardness pressed against the smal of my back .
tr	NNS	I can see his pink fingernails from here .
tr	NNS	He had tiki torches lit all around the area and soothing music playing from his iPod .
tr	NN	A shiver rolled down my spine as I stared up at him .
tr	NN	I jerked a hand down my ponytail .
tr	NNS	She felt the woman 's wariness .
tr	NN	I tried the old concrete bench at the end of our row of plots .
tr	NN	" Put the pitchfork down , honey . "
tr	NN	" Yours , " I agreed on a moan , not caring about the consequences of such a vow .
tr	NN	I carefully fill the vial with the smoky substance and get the hell out of Dodge .
tr	NN	" Will monsieur be receiving his visitor in the bath ? "
tr	NNS	He grabbed a couple chairs from the pile , unfolding them both .
tr	NNS	They have good , enjoyable plots , plots you can follow , sink your teeth into .
tr	NN	He recounted his confession with his brother , Jim .
tr	NN	She stumbled to an uncertain halt , and at that moment a candle flared to life .
tr	NNS	Thus it can trace all the elements of time and keep them stable while its users are in that time .
tr	NN	We checked the complex but found no sign of human activity .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , going to the police really helped the guy 's last victims . "
tr	NN	He ignored her outburst .
tr	NNS	It has all the ingredients for success . "
tr	NNS	I 'd had endless discussions with that voice .
tr	NNS	On the networks , self-important psychologists analyzed the killings . "
tr	NN	The thought caused a sharp pang of regret .
tr	NNS	James watched his students with a mixture of amusement and caution .
tr	NNS	Ian let out several sexy moans before wrapping his arms around me and holding me .
tr	NN	" About your lesson ? "
tr	NN	I should have some info to you by morning . "
tr	NNS	The Mexicans had few opportunities to earn pesos , so their labor was cheap .
tr	NN	I stifle my derisive snort .
tr	NN	I felt his hard cock pressing against my opening and I tried to calm myself but I couldn 't .
tr	NN	She 's got such a good attitude about it .
tr	NN	We 'd stop and get ice cream afterwards before going home .
tr	NN	Here , they use vanilla powder instead of syrup ; the powder adds just enough texture to the drink to give it some added density and grit .
tr	NNS	During her first cycles as a crime reporter she had assisted several talented criminals and renegades to evade justice by tampering with evidence while on CSS property .
tr	NNS	' Oh Lord , ' I whisper fervently .
tr	NNS	His fingers found her temples with their soothing magic .
tr	NNS	They have the same rights and obligations .
tr	NN	Sure , he 'd sent the material to the trash , then deleted the trash , but ... That wasn 't good enough .
tr	NN	A wave of guilt accompanied my reluctance to race for a hug .
tr	NNS	He loads two plates of good smelling food for us .
tr	NN	He snaps a salute as if I haven 't , in fact , betrayed them all .
tr	NN	He tossed the plant onto the table and then decided he was going to call the post office and complain .
tr	NN	It catches the breeze , the white material emphasizing his athletic build and the sleek , tanned chest that my fingers itch to stroke .
tr	NN	I 've never taken a bath before .
tr	NNS	The smell of death emanating from him made her nauseous all over again .
tr	NNS	I 'm packing boogie boards in the Neon right now . "
tr	NNS	She placed the roses in them and set the vase on a white table beside her bed .
tr	NNS	The woman behind the counter was telling folks it 'd be at least another hour before Keith 's flight could take off .
tr	NNS	This education initiative would affect millions if it passed .
tr	NNS	Starting tomorrow we 'll move families into the empty buildings .
tr	NNS	They 'd shot a deer , already field dressed and cut into manageable chunks of meat .
tr	NNS	Smith tossed the pages onto the conference room table , and they slid across the glossy surface .
tr	NNS	A lot of people still didn 't lock their houses in this town .
tr	NNS	They had counted three hundred gorillas on the hillside , which meant there were probably four hundred , of which 15 percent were males .
tr	NNS	" You break some hearts before hitting the road ? "
tr	NNS	One of the boats has workers bustling along its deck .
tr	NNS	As I walked lost in thought on my way back home , I felt emptiness inside .
tr	NN	" But ... " Aria bit her fingernail .
tr	NN	She could feel the power and kindness emanating from it in waves .
tr	NNS	She likes cats . "
tr	NNS	When they were inside and partially sheltered from feathered observers , Monty pulled the napkins away from his hand .
tr	NNS	Maybe she could kill two birds with one stone if she was going to be sticking around a few hours longer .
tr	NN	Each building facing the square had a row of ten doors .
tr	NN	How could Louise mess up instant hot cocoa powder , anyway ?
tr	NNS	I have my own suspicions about it , but I want to hear it from you . "
tr	NN	He slid the dagger into the belt of his borrowed clothing and looked out at the city again , trying to hide his disappointment .
tr	NNS	Sheriff Parks ran some cattle and supplied beef to the prison for meals .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the same news media showed increasing numbers of National Guardsmen being deployed .
tr	NNS	" So far I 've sharpened enough kitchen knives for each of us . "
tr	NN	Chapter Seven Clare closed the lid of her laptop , got up from the chair and went to the balcony door .
tr	NN	I slid Raine 's pistol into my pack , into a previously vacant pouch shaped just for such contents .
tr	NN	And last I checked , Mexico has a president , not an emperor . "
tr	NNS	The project needed personal skills , hers and mine .
tr	NN	" You have an actor under contract that I need . "
tr	NNS	" Especially if ' someone ' happens to marry into nobility , " another of the maids said slyly .
tr	NN	Plus , obviously , I didn 't carry platinum , strawberries , or crescents around with me .
tr	NNS	He had several scratches on his face , mostly from running through the heavy brush .
tr	NN	He 'd anticipated a confrontation .
tr	NNS	It gave me the creeps when I read it .
tr	NN	Rising , she then offered him a large bouquet of daffodils .
tr	NNS	He would use his skills to indoctrinate and control any who resisted .
tr	NNS	The new body armour they possess will protect their other vital points . '
tr	NNS	" I know the giants attacked from within the city , at least forty of them .
tr	NNS	The captain then informed the local delegates of the magistrate 's involvement of causing many innocents to die based on the children 's involvement .
tr	NNS	She refused the repeated offers of various drugs and only spoke when spoken to .
tr	NNS	In the infirmary he had been taking rattling breaths while his third in command , Bat , had unpacked the healing kit .
tr	NN	" See any cavalry ? "
tr	NNS	She would 've noticed the condoms in my purse , the ones I bought just in case .
tr	NNS	Apprentices are given ranks from none to five stars .
tr	NNS	" True , but I hate humanity as much as I hate the gods .
tr	NNS	At last , she discarded her stubborn attempts to sleep and rose .
tr	NNS	" I have some business meetings in Boston this week .
tr	NNS	I rub my slippery palms against his chest - his smooth , bulging pectorals , so silken to touch .
tr	NNS	My mother , of course , was wearing another sundress ; that particular one was white with pink flowers .
tr	NN	She gave a small smirk .
tr	NNS	I wanted no more surprises .
tr	NNS	Ones that might not have security systems , but this was closer to his meeting point .
tr	NN	- but he knew his duty .
tr	NNS	The expression on his face spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Iseo dropped the sponge in the water and wiped her wet hands on her apron .
tr	NN	I lost many a privilege .
tr	NNS	" My apartment doesn 't allow pets . "
tr	NNS	I send two shots forward , and then go racing for the cover .
tr	NNS	You yourself have no sons , and you are the happiest man I know with your wife and the daughters she gave you .
tr	NN	Oriole flipped a condom to her mother without a word .
tr	NN	The light touch sent his groin into spasms .
tr	NN	Painted a magnificent cream .
tr	NN	I missed the walks in the park .
tr	NN	He dusted powder off his neck .
tr	NN	He hadn 't used protection .
tr	NNS	Using his ability of astral projection Zane created two identical versions of himself , each one capable of fighting just as well as the original .
tr	NN	" Now that you know how many innocent people depend on the exports from our ore veins , you must feel some compulsion to help . "
tr	NN	He set the towel aside .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of something metallic .
tr	NN	We 've been tracking your so-called giant bat for two days .
tr	NN	And tomorrow she would make her own leap of faith with no guarantees of where she 'd land .
tr	NN	I need an airplane . "
tr	NN	She smothered a yawn .
tr	NN	Steve would have still lost his pencil .
tr	NN	Going caveman on her ?
tr	NNS	You may have dizzy spells for a few months .
tr	NNS	I now enjoy my loneliness .
tr	NN	How could he have caused so much harm ?
tr	NNS	She 'd met enough marriage counselors to know that open marriages were a thing that worked for some couples .
tr	NN	Now she 'd lost faith in herself , and on top of that , everyone else was losing faith in her , too .
tr	NN	I knew the drill .
tr	NN	" So , thank you for , um , sleeping with me last night . "
tr	NN	She placed her teacup on the table .
tr	NNS	then buried his fangs in the defeated knight 's throat .
tr	NNS	His silence spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Unless you 've already exceeded your quota of liquid courage . "
tr	NN	I grabbed a fork to pick at my food .
tr	NNS	Clearly the sliding scale has done wonders for you .
tr	NN	I 've got a suspect with motive , opportunity and plenty of witnesses who saw her at the scene of the crime .
tr	NNS	She 's just got issues .
tr	NNS	Kat placed the cards in front of the woman and cut them into two uneven stacks .
tr	NN	It doesn 't take any psychic talent to predict that one particular flight might be delayed . "
tr	NN	He touched the visor of his cap in what was half a salute and said , " Thank you again , Doctor . "
tr	NNS	" Your grandmother has put many well thought provisions into her Life Plan .
tr	NN	Madeline yanked her napkin from her lap and dropped it next to her plate .
tr	NNS	That might raise suspicions .
tr	NNS	Everyone was drinking tea and eating scones .
tr	NN	He hadn 't lost consciousness until he was already inside the mouth of Diamond Bay .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't have any bites or scratches .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers back on his side of the bed .
tr	NN	I hear a door slam nearby , and I lift myself off her .
tr	NNS	The excitement of their biggest most prestigious gig had quashed their appetites .
tr	NN	" Your right foot controls the back brake .
tr	NNS	" Up one day and the agent already has multiple offers . "
tr	NN	Noel dropped his fork .
tr	NNS	" I don 't make miracles .
tr	NNS	She rubs her temples and feels warm light hit her back .
tr	NNS	Peter watched her responses .
tr	NN	I laid out my towel .
tr	NNS	" You guys got families ? "
tr	NN	My hand gripped the railing on the wall .
tr	NN	" I already have all the proof I need .
tr	NN	" With Tim no longer with us his business will need a new owner .
tr	NNS	The flashlight revealed ugly mottled marks on Seth 's throat .
tr	NN	Tell whoever picks up " red flag . "
tr	NN	The setting is pouring down the drain .
tr	NN	He gave a small nip at the lobe of her ear .
tr	NNS	We can get off at Webster and shoot across 250 straight into Fairport , and from there we have several routes to choose from .
tr	NN	She set down the statue and mouthed a sorry before answering .
tr	NN	I brushed my fingertip across one of them , and I could have sworn it shimmied on its own .
tr	NNS	Jill made no attempts at a smile .
tr	NNS	He loved the society pages .
tr	NNS	Not only had I taken self-defense classes , but I 'd learned how to fire both a rifle and a handgun .
tr	NN	We need the steward of Huron .
tr	NNS	I conjured balls of energy with more power than I ever created before .
tr	NNS	Rick finished his changes , saved them , and wandered up to the kitchen .
tr	NN	General Well 'n gone noticed the gesture and sadly shook his head .
tr	NN	Judson abruptly set the cat carrier down on the porch .
tr	NNS	He trusted his instincts and they assured him Camille was the solution to his troubles .
tr	NN	In a strange way , it magnified a sensual aspect of her personality , amplifying her natural charisma .
tr	NNS	" Probably under camouflage nets , those darker areas .
tr	NNS	The fire sent small bursts of sparks twirling into the darkness .
tr	NN	It had a balcony and looked down onto the street through two huge windows .
tr	NN	" Alright , give Xavier and Jericho the location .
tr	NN	Kiara laid down the trap .
tr	NNS	And why did that realization prick her insides so much ?
tr	NN	The crow closed its beak and brilliant yellow eyes for a moment .
tr	NNS	" So that means no classes ? "
tr	NNS	We contract deliveries , and a lot of other services .
tr	NN	They won 't plan a funeral .
tr	NNS	He was sweating bullets from his ordeal , wasting the last few drops of water left in his body .
tr	NN	Instead of a coat covered with bits of paper , she was wearing a sleeveless white gown that ended in a slight train .
tr	NNS	She knew his fears and paranoia .
tr	NNS	I do feel agitated and annoyed that someone or , more likely , several someones are abusing their abilities like this .
tr	NNS	He hooked his thumbs under the lace and tugged off her panties .
tr	NN	A cold shiver ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	I 've got two interviews tonight and an early start tomorrow . "
tr	NN	He ran off the canvas tarp laid in his backyard that he called his work space and into the house through the backdoor .
tr	NN	He left the cruiser , and darted to the barricade to watch Gumshoe 's back .
tr	NNS	This Daniel offered fewer complications .
tr	NNS	Who in their right mind would leave their teenage sons in the jungle ?
tr	NNS	" Our deepest wishes or worst fears or something . "
tr	NN	We have a chocolate cake for her . "
tr	NN	On the other hand , maybe Amy accidentally shot the fox one day while practicing with a bow .
tr	NN	He noticed the clock on the wall and it was almost an hour later .
tr	NNS	" I take my potty breaks in there . "
tr	NN	The violent force caused by the abrupt change in pressure , caused the ship 's orbit to decay , rapidly .
tr	NNS	But I took a few deep breaths , and it did help a little .
tr	NNS	" You don 't want to know , " he said and tossed down two cards .
tr	NNS	Her heart was skipping beats , jerking around in her chest as if trying to break free .
tr	NN	" And you absolutely must not hold the medallion again until you are ready .
tr	NN	Every day revealed a new aspect of him , another feature of his honor which drew her in .
tr	NNS	Well enough , and the men at the foot of the cliff held their breaths ; there was a guard post at the top of the cliff .
tr	NN	He opened the refrigerator and pulled out a small plastic bag .
tr	NNS	Some wore Chinese army uniforms .
tr	NNS	" And you can use our facilities to rehab the horse if you need to .
tr	NNS	Jude held her ridiculous balloons , staring at the image of her daughter 's face .
tr	NN	She gave him a mocking salute behind his back .
tr	NNS	People were walking their dogs .
tr	NNS	I 'm struck breathless .
tr	NN	For these minor failings he had always displayed an impressive thirst for knowledge and a willingness to share what he learned when needed .
tr	NN	Will placed a slice in front of me .
tr	NNS	Despite how you may feel about them , you see their motivations and have the compassion to understand them .
tr	NNS	" I have some forms that need your signature .
tr	NNS	Why not just turn the tugs ? "
tr	NNS	But then , Charlie had contacts everywhere , and inside men all over the country .
tr	NN	Out of the corner of my eye , I saw Patch 's gaze flick to me .
tr	NN	He was practicing the piano , and his father came storming into the room .
tr	NN	As my pajama leg eased up , I caught a glimpse of the thick dark hair coating my once cleanly shaven leg and stifled a gag .
tr	NNS	He made arrangements to stay there for a couple of months at least .
tr	NN	He began pacing back and forth before the chair .
tr	NN	When his gaze fell on Elizabeth , he touched the visor of cap in her direction .
tr	NN	Lost the cap when she was captured .
tr	NNS	He scanned the dull brass labels beside the glass door and spotted the P.I. agency .
tr	NN	His fingers gently stroked her temple , somehow soothing the tumult his words had triggered .
tr	NN	" Stop stressing babe .
tr	NN	' Thank goodness for that , ' Godard whispered hoarsely .
tr	NN	He passed the local diner .
tr	NNS	What happened next was so fast , Lily 's eyes only registered bits and pieces .
tr	NN	He accepted God 's forgiveness and asked for forgiveness from Connie .
tr	NN	Thank god the space ship was there .
tr	NN	She searched the dark countenance , wondering why she did not feel the panic or even reluctance that had plagued her since the scandal .
tr	NNS	That sort always choose weak victims .
tr	NNS	I have chores to do this afternoon . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll put up some defenses . "
tr	NNS	" After my stepfather died , my uncle secured positions at his father , the duke 's manor in the kitchen .
tr	NN	" Oh my lord .
tr	NN	He held a pistol to Sean 's back .
tr	NNS	After a person had appeared on the government 's radar , the government sent its storm troopers , tax agents , regulators , inspectors , and attorneys .
tr	NNS	The relief I felt caused my breaths to slide out of me .
tr	NN	I can hear her pray that I don 't kill her .
tr	NN	They crossed the terminal together and started down the escalator to the first floor .
tr	NN	" You 've mentioned a lawyer in vague terms , but you have not requested one .
tr	NN	Savannah let out another breathy moan and he thought his heart stopped .
tr	NN	He cradled the small rock sphere , breathing heavily with joy .
tr	NN	Behind the cab , he could see a hoist , like a small crane , its metal structure rising from the bed of the truck .
tr	NNS	We 'll send reinforcements tomorrow .
tr	NNS	He wanted no further delays .
tr	NNS	" I told my sons about this very case last night over dinner .
tr	NNS	If he 's hurt , you have only yourselves to blame . "
tr	NN	Dever quickly closed the dresser drawer and headed to where Timmons was .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	And I gave him several pints of blood .
tr	NN	He scooped up a handful of dirt , and a something sliced the side of his index finger .
tr	NN	Caleb set the coffeepot on the counter .
tr	NNS	" Kurt 's already given us the numbers on the project .
tr	NN	Jacob smiled his favor with her way of thinking .
tr	NN	He tucked his paper napkin into his shirt , ready to pick up the poor excuse for a rib , when a female voice interrupted him .
tr	NN	She gave them a chant , but told them that it had to be done in the place the curse had been originally enchanted .
tr	NNS	My shining flashlight caught the wheels of bicycles ahead and I knew I was close to my target .
tr	NN	Sometimes they have substance and sometimes they don 't .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to heave , even though she had nothing left to expel .
tr	NN	" I 'll try his language . "
tr	NNS	She massaged her temples and paced around the small room .
tr	NN	Tyrone activated auto pilot with adaptive cruise control .
tr	NN	He stood up , then began pacing the room .
tr	NNS	" Colleagues of mine were sending me blood samples from patients who had just died . "
tr	NNS	Walter was also wearing buff breeches and a course linen shirt , but his looked newer and cleaner .
tr	NN	She needed protection , but it was obvious they were thinking she may need a chastity belt as well - at least in his presence .
tr	NNS	I saw Chess as I glanced up , and he was trying to move forward , to come to me , to protect me .
tr	NNS	Kelly and Andrew set up the boards and laptop .
tr	NN	I gave her a quick pat on the back , and she released me a moment later .
tr	NN	Despite the loss of his upper teeth , he maintained the charisma of his youth , and added to it the refinement of age .
tr	NN	" A little cheesy , don ´ t you think ?
tr	NN	Matt tossed the rifle into the air and Richard dove for it .
tr	NNS	The people whose fields were spared share their crops with the ones who lost everything .
tr	NN	" Don 't get all riled up .
tr	NNS	And now he reaps the benefits . "
tr	NNS	Fear strikes their hearts as they watch a huge whale open its mouth wide enough to scoop up Blue Cloud and Gray Wolf and swim away .
tr	NN	I didn 't want that same destiny .
tr	NNS	Deuce has all the natural instincts of a wild partridge but you had a family once .
tr	NNS	We have patients in critical condition !
tr	NN	I kept um ... breaking things before I knew the truth .
tr	NNS	Warner collected all sorts of things for me to destroy , just for target practice .
tr	NNS	The wealthy Humans wanted the Superior lands and they went about acquiring it in the most ingenious way . "
tr	NNS	Pari knows her Greeks better than anyone .
tr	NNS	My mom made two more trips to New Orleans .
tr	NNS	Wilmot confirmed my fears .
tr	NN	Somebody 's burning the pizza .
tr	NNS	The burners send their apologies . '
tr	NNS	I still like the lyrics : I still imagine a face white like faith 's hue and a dimple carved there and a disdain for any attention .
tr	NNS	" I put away all those photographs so you wouldn 't see them and think you were abnormal . "
tr	NN	I replaced the compact and headed for the door .
tr	NN	I pick up my dagger .
tr	NNS	They all had their packs on their backs .
tr	NN	A frown marred Jack 's face as he twisted a pencil between his fingers .
tr	NNS	My heart banged my ribs as I smiled back at her , Colette saying " What 's that book you 've got ? "
tr	NN	" We 'll tie the rope to a tree first . "
tr	NN	He 'd craved redemption from his prior actions , but never left his comfort zone .
tr	NNS	The mere thought of the thing being anywhere near me had the hairs on my arms standing at attention .
tr	NNS	I racked the balls and got ready to start and a new game .
tr	NNS	Beautiful little white points of light that hurt my eyes .
tr	NNS	I nodded , a heaviness in my chest .
tr	NN	Had stealing Garrett made her snap ... or had it been something else ?
tr	NNS	My anti-virus inhibitors have been scanning my systems for the past two days but still can 't find this latest bug .
tr	NNS	You don 't make excuses for his inability to pay attention .
tr	NN	You can also seal his file and place it into the completed cold case archives . "
tr	NNS	Jax grabbed his reins .
tr	NNS	" Bigger children have bigger appetites , and there 's not really that much food out here in this desert , is there ? "
tr	NNS	Bring the photographer in , then we 'll run the crews through . "
tr	NN	" If you do well in them , you can receive college credit . "
tr	NNS	I need new supplies . "
tr	NN	" Yeah , she does , " Jake assured her absently , his attention on the cake .
tr	NN	I don 't feel the same urge to hide anymore . "
tr	NNS	Apparently , you can absorb some individual skills of people in this way , but I am not sure .
tr	NNS	Kat had noticed welts on the other inmate 's arms and legs .
tr	NNS	Clay didn 't perform weddings , but he took care of the paperwork and collected the fees .
tr	NNS	" By the Gods , use your brains , girl !
tr	NNS	You know gentlemen . "
tr	NN	She lifts every item .
tr	NN	" How do you do this evening , my lord ? "
tr	NN	I drove the butt of the gun into his stomach and followed it up with a smack across his head .
tr	NNS	They don 't trust my instincts .
tr	NN	Mako was rounding the opposite row of lockers , coming from the restroom .
tr	NN	" They can copy the design with the exception of one important item . "
tr	NNS	Waitress brought their meals over .
tr	NN	While she was not the fairest of maidens , he could see the femininity in her eyes .
tr	NN	Renzo accepted the motherly caressing and hugs and platitudes for a while , but suddenly batted the women away .
tr	NNS	Maybe I hid their tracks a bit or something ? '
tr	NN	I heard the faint shout as I stomped into the throne room .
tr	NNS	" Mihai , " she growled , baring her fangs , and swung around to face him .
tr	NNS	After the day 's ride Blake would regale his clients with stories of his life as a wrangler and cowboy .
tr	NN	We talked for ten damn minutes , we weren 't planning some super-secret getaway ! "
tr	NN	She checked his clock as she shoved her arms into the black silk sleeves then cinched the belt .
tr	NN	Kim took the file and left the office , smiling .
tr	NN	His face bloody , Stryker shot another blast at Ash .
tr	NNS	By the end of the negotiations Lara had won all her points .
tr	NNS	But they still had phone numbers handwritten with a black marker pen , one number for each of the participants in the abandoned project .
tr	NN	My junior high girlfriend could hold her liquor better . "
tr	NNS	And , if so , would that help or hurt her chances of getting out of this alive ?
tr	NNS	I finished the dishes and I heard the shower water running still .
tr	NNS	Or I 'll rip off your toenails ! "
tr	NN	Until you know what it is like to serve the Green Dragon , though , boy , you have never felt true joy -- only luxury . "
tr	NNS	Take a few deep breaths , Blaze .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	" Hey , and the archaeologists found little pots of milk and mummified mice with some of them when they opened the tombs .
tr	NNS	The lobby had marble floors , a big fountain in the center , and modern white couches .
tr	NNS	" She didn 't provide any dimensions .
tr	NNS	I 've packed some sandwiches in Julian 's backpack for him , and some fruit .
tr	NNS	I feel their footfalls as they run toward us .
tr	NN	Awaiting your verdict . "
tr	NNS	He 'd even demanded confessions from her .
tr	NNS	I have conquered the fires of hell , and I have saved your wretched skin ! "
tr	NNS	It has pockets . "
tr	NN	She knew the discomfort of living before air-conditioning and she hated it .
tr	NN	Hopefully he had a condom .
tr	NN	From there they could take an airship across the sea .
tr	NNS	He emptied four or five cans over the poor dog and Alex remained faithfully looking like he just did not get what all the commotion was about .
tr	NNS	" And I 'll have made sandwiches from the bread I was going to make today . "
tr	NN	I wrapped a wet paper towel around the scald on my wrist and winced .
tr	NNS	He suffered several spasms as he was rushed to theatre .
tr	NN	" I saw the news clip last night .
tr	NNS	Her knees brushed his thighs .
tr	NN	" Then get your butt back here ! "
tr	NN	He takes a glass vial out of the cabinet , filled with a clear liquid .
tr	NN	The Prince of Hell stepped over the troll and came straight at us .
tr	NN	The doctor takes a towel out of the cabinet .
tr	NN	Those of the Forest again camouflaged the wagon and rechecked that it was properly prepared for burning .
tr	NN	Waiting just a few seconds , he turned off the stove and handed Will and Sam each a spoon .
tr	NN	Nick gave a crisp salute , which Jimmy gladly returned .
tr	NNS	He 's probably screwing her brains out right now . "
tr	NN	They urged caution in this new legal arena .
tr	NNS	I considered his arguments for a few more moments before I replied .
tr	NN	" On some level , yes , and we can provide protection for them if you so choose .
tr	NNS	" I never really liked surprises . "
tr	NN	He let out a low moan .
tr	NN	She could see the gleam of his eyes in the darkness .
tr	NNS	The sensation , as if spinning slowly upside down , tickled the hairs on Kate 's neck .
tr	NNS	The shop had large stacks of seasoned lumber in it and wood shavings piled up in the corners , so my little fire had plenty to eat .
tr	NNS	" I can 't disclose the specifics .
tr	NN	" Leave the wrapping on for about four weeks , Captain .
tr	NNS	" Maybe I 'll go call Suzanne . "
tr	NNS	I gave him a few dollars for his trouble and then went on my way . "
tr	NN	I had natural talent in all things musical , but any accomplishments on the piano were achieved by hard work and tons of practice .
tr	NNS	I 'll arrange some local assets to assist you in Africa , but it 'll be far from safe . "
tr	NNS	" Remove other distractions .
tr	NN	It was called the internet .
tr	NN	I have faith in you and in God , so I 'm confident you 'll stay by my side .
tr	NN	I self-consciously tucked a long strand of my hair behind my ear .
tr	NNS	He parted the drapes and changed positions yet again , but he could no longer see her .
tr	NNS	He looked down the train tracks , which glowed faintly in the moonlight .
tr	NNS	Up on top she could barely see two figures .
tr	NNS	He told his companions , " I shall dwell on this matter . "
tr	NN	Coach grabbed the bench on either side of his legs and lowered his head , shaking it from side to side .
tr	NNS	The tires left rubber marks on the street , and the front end of the car came to rest on top of the sidewalk .
tr	NNS	Endeavour Press has asserted their rights under the Copyright , Design and Patents Act , 1988 , to be identified as the author of this work .
tr	NNS	Three planks in different spots along the railing are connecting the ships , and the same process is being used for each person that crosses a plank .
tr	NNS	The mention of his name makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end .
tr	NNS	Her blasphemy had touched his most profound doubts .
tr	NNS	Or did he have other , less savory , notions in mind ?
tr	NN	" Thanks Shiv , I appreciate your patience with me .
tr	NN	" But if you 're trying to imply that I slept around , I resent the implication .
tr	NN	She felt her knees sag and worried she 'd fall but he held her in place with his strong hands and an even stronger will .
tr	NN	" I know lust , Chelsea Brennan .
tr	NNS	So you have a few drops of rebel in your blue blood .
tr	NN	He cracked his knuckles , positioning himself between her and me .
tr	NNS	Ken was putting the dishes in the dishwasher when he heard heavy footsteps coming up the stairs .
tr	NNS	Reece shouted insults at Kyle the whole time the gorilla of a football player was kicking the two skinny kids lying on the ground .
tr	NNS	" Well , Dr. Connery , let 's take your fingerprints and you can go home .
tr	NNS	Her father , Bill Carlson , had made all the arrangements with the permission of Cindy 's and Jan 's parents .
tr	NN	Her fingertips just missed the hilt .
tr	NNS	" But they are dedicated servants of His Immortal Majesty .
tr	NNS	The woman had good instincts . "
tr	NN	Mari 's horse grunted a protest at her rough movements .
tr	NN	We quit cold turkey and composed Train of Power in four productive days .
tr	NNS	" Mason wanting more extras here .
tr	NN	Where would he put this bird down then ?
tr	NNS	The northern Saxon lands are all facing raids from the Danes , and the Norse are sweeping down the Irish coast .
tr	NNS	These talks will join two powerful planets into the family of the Collective .
tr	NNS	When you get your little boyfriend , don 't forget my other fifty bucks . "
tr	NNS	She admired blue and white cups and saucers with a Chinese pattern .
tr	NN	Amica was wearing a black trench , and a pink Burberry scarf .
tr	NN	I boarded the airplane first , and I glanced back to see Owen standing at the first step , his gaze at the horizon .
tr	NN	He stroked his knuckles along her cheekbone .
tr	NNS	" Just as well that I don 't have to rely on his contraptions to help me to the Top " he told the drapes .
tr	NN	I swallowed a hard lump in my throat and answered .
tr	NN	" Ill spawned red tide ! "
tr	NNS	They struck the turrets and buildings and triggered greater chaos .
tr	NN	She chokes a groan from her throat as if this is too much to bear .
tr	NNS	Wild animals had sharp senses , reading emotions .
tr	NNS	Though I think maybe I have more fundamental issues .
tr	NNS	He wasn 't crunching numbers or grappling with IRS regs , as usual , but instead he was drafting a letter to his colleagues .
tr	NN	" Why are you stil wearing that uniform ? "
tr	NN	' Mother drilled it into me duty first .
tr	NNS	And a bomb that literally blows your brains out with a touch of a button ... Is that it ?
tr	NNS	Brock was working those mechanisms , checking their integrity , when Benedict came in .
tr	NN	But she feared punishment from Amber when Father went away .
tr	NN	She loved the banter between these two .
tr	NNS	Perhaps she could have talked Alexis out of doing what she did , had she only known .
tr	NN	And if I obeyed , I would stop freezing .
tr	NNS	I liked photographs , as aids to memory and as art , but I was not interested in taking them myself .
tr	NNS	She touched the items inside as if they were rare treasures .
tr	NN	" Can we have pasta ? "
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes , watching him for some kind of response .
tr	NN	' And besides , I would bet my inheritance that my daddy could beat the crap out of your daddy .
tr	NNS	Already , detective Tom was carefully examining the mechanics of sealing .
tr	NN	" Wallace obtained a recording of his voice .
tr	NN	Sean checked the email .
tr	NNS	Without hesitation , I fired a few more good shots in her direction , taking advantage of the opening I had created .
tr	NN	" Oh , forget this crap .
tr	NNS	As the days grow warmer , so do our hearts and affection toward each other . "
tr	NN	I understand the sanity of you being this way . "
tr	NN	But all of this combined could not hold a candle to what was strapped around his face .
tr	NNS	She wore a bright yellow sundress that swirled at her ankles .
tr	NNS	I set the sandwiches on his desk and went to him .
tr	NN	He sees the potential in you .
tr	NNS	I could feel the heaviness of his words on my head , down to my chest .
tr	NN	The hawk took wing , glided up to a branch .
tr	NNS	Just like he did centuries ago . "
tr	NNS	Even our own " fans " turned their noses up .
tr	NNS	She stopped and drew several deep breaths , trying to ease the pain that seemed to close on her chest like a fist .
tr	NNS	She put her long red fingernails on his arm and I immediately wanted to scratch out her eyes .
tr	NN	Karou didn 't argue , but later had said to Zuzana , " The funny thing is , I didn 't even do him justice .
tr	NNS	The feet grew louder , though still no sign of life on the path .
tr	NN	We 'll give them each a Knight Ferrous escort to cover them . "
tr	NNS	It echoed around the dark pillars and arches , and was suddenly cut off .
tr	NN	He stopped and let a shudder run through him .
tr	NNS	" And Terry Pratchett Discworld novels .
tr	NN	Finally , Jolene kissed her daughter 's temple , said good night , and went downstairs .
tr	NNS	Speed no longer heard the crashes of a ship in chaos , with weapons and men flying around the cavernous chambers .
tr	NN	Ken found a good timing and asked , " do you only eat vegetables ? "
tr	NNS	His body felt a weary heaviness , and his chest ached with a dull hollowness .
tr	NNS	We shifted positions at Sarah 's side , and while they shuffled to the front door , I hustled to the security desk .
tr	NN	The snack wall made a mockery of a nutritionist 's profession .
tr	NN	When George and Ella arrived the little girl pleaded , ' Please wake my Mama .
tr	NN	She woke up flushed and feeling like a young girl .
tr	NN	Even before he entered , he heard the tumult of excited voices as the occupants considered the implications of what they already knew .
tr	NN	We 'll not let any harm come to it . "
tr	NNS	How do you get the atoms back and put them in their right places ? "
tr	NNS	That place gives me the creeps now , but I 'll come with you if you want me to . "
tr	NN	I grabbed her hip to still her .
tr	NNS	" You used runes ?
tr	NNS	People don 't get chances like this often .
tr	NNS	Or wrote romance novels ... Or told bad jokes .
tr	NNS	Once we were both equally stuffed , I returned the empty dishes to the sink and began to load them into the dishwasher .
tr	NNS	" Maybe because , by coincidence , we have the same minor subjects . "
tr	NNS	" No buildings ? "
tr	NN	Kira felt her face tingling .
tr	NNS	" Can I keep the ... apparatus , Doctor ? "
tr	NN	Anyway , Bogie has always been named the greatest actor .
tr	NN	He 'd wrapped his bandana around his left arm , which had been gashed open .
tr	NNS	It might heighten your senses for a few days , but nothing more . "
tr	NNS	Some of the drama extras blew straw wrappers at one another and chanted the witches ' lines from the beginning of the play .
tr	NNS	Before the jump , Ted had his doubts , but he needn 't have .
tr	NN	Ludwig grabbed one knocker and knocked .
tr	NNS	Sara didn 't trust his motives .
tr	NN	Give credit where it 's due . "
tr	NNS	My grandfather wiped the palms of his hands on his trousers .
tr	NN	He saw one warden pacing a path up and down one side of the cage .
tr	NN	After another silent curse , Allie tried the crowbar again and , despite the noise , finally met with success .
tr	NN	said the Queen of Hearts .
tr	NNS	After breakfast , Greasy Sae does the dishes and leaves , but she comes back up at dinnertime to make me eat again .
tr	NNS	Providence carefully lit both candles .
tr	NN	' I trust your judgement .
tr	NN	What if we encounter heavy resistance ? "
tr	NN	Even moving slowly , Isaiah possesses the prowess of a panther .
tr	NNS	I slip my flip flops on and close the door as quietly as I can behind me .
tr	NNS	I loosened his bindings as we were leaving .
tr	NNS	Eris , Eris is creating the powers of the Gods .
tr	NNS	Tim made model airplanes .
tr	NNS	It takes about two to three generations for the new genes to have an effect .
tr	NNS	I had left the toilets and was walking to my next class when the sound of my name hit me in the gut .
tr	NNS	Kids were riding bikes .
tr	NNS	We 've ran a few advertising campaigns to draw in a crowd and we 've been hearing great feedback .
tr	NNS	" How did you eliminate those targets of yours ?
tr	NN	I threw the unicorn on the bed .
tr	NNS	The flashing police lights reflected off tiny icicles , turning them into sapphires and rubies and in the distance , the palest of amber .
tr	NNS	The people cleaned their houses and made the village beautiful .
tr	NN	Martha thanked every participant profusely and jumped into her car .
tr	NN	The aroma of rice and beans and herbs made her stomach growl .
tr	NNS	Iain grabbed the reins of a horse and mounted it .
tr	NNS	London Zoo had installed web cameras in the cages to help monitor all the animals , as well as provide marketing footage .
tr	NN	Time to get some payback for Alyssa and your mother .
tr	NNS	" We have been so caught up in the momentary events , we have not addressed the larger issues .
tr	NNS	Maybe I have secret errands today . "
tr	NNS	She also has patients with stage 4 cancer who know they 're going to die soon and are willing to try anything .
tr	NN	These walks of ours are taxing my resistance . "
tr	NNS	" Sexy men make sensual , lasting lovers .
tr	NNS	" He 's already had several chances to hurt me .
tr	NNS	They were given three meals a day but never let out of the room .
tr	NNS	Prior to his death , Mary Ellen and Harrison made annual trips to Virginia .
tr	NN	Though where on earth he could have gone , she couldn 't imagine , unless he 'd felt a sudden urge to visit the feed store .
tr	NN	' What harm could a peek do ? '
tr	NNS	He had few healing skills .
tr	NNS	I popped tubes and pencils into my little makeup bag .
tr	NNS	You deal drugs ? "
tr	NNS	" I could use your particular talents . "
tr	NN	The concession made my chest ache , but I couldn 't see any way around it .
tr	NN	Networks have some automated traffic .
tr	NNS	" We 'll figure this out , Jess . "
tr	NNS	Didn 't hear the lame excuses ?
tr	NNS	" So you know his mannerisms , his ways . "
tr	NNS	" I didn 't see any bats there tonight . "
tr	NNS	Shine up the golden plates !
tr	NN	I have a higher priority . "
tr	NNS	I slid a little closer and hovered one of my hands a few inches above his bare arm .
tr	NNS	KCL had posted different excursion sites in and around the island .
tr	NNS	Franco can grunt out fifty yards a game and keep the defense honest .
tr	NN	Harry stroked his shaggy beard into a point .
tr	NN	" You have security detail on me or what , man ? "
tr	NN	" We have a protocol for just the occasion . "
tr	NNS	But she had her doubts .
tr	NN	You know the fuckin ' short of it ?
tr	NNS	" I never promised you any supplies . "
tr	NN	Sure enough , it had no outer covering .
tr	NNS	I feel nauseous as I read the woman 's claims , though slightly relieved that she isn 't accusing Pierce of any kind of violence .
tr	NN	Agent Vargas started pacing again .
tr	NN	Joy 's eyes followed the time clock .
tr	NNS	The river Styx had reappeared , its murky waters flowing swiftly , but it wasn 't the river he was staring at .
tr	NN	The sound may reach the fish , but he certainly attaches no significance to it .
tr	NNS	" Neil is doing the dishes .
tr	NNS	That required supervision and financial contracts with the outside world .
tr	NN	Vampires were filling the balcony , all dressed in black , all throwing hateful looks at me and Mallory .
tr	NN	" The Welsh invented this language to discourage the Saxons . "
tr	NNS	Bobby Blue took requests .
tr	NNS	You 'd like waffles ?
tr	NN	Everyone knew the cost of losing Gray .
tr	NNS	Claire listened in , her ears like radar dishes after that comment .
tr	NNS	Vendors sold their wares out of baskets and wooden carts ; there was food , clothing , piles of kitchen items , and used goods .
tr	NNS	Cartwright searched his pockets until he found his neat little package of power cards .
tr	NN	" Well , Dr. Colbert and I did a little experiment that your drone watching stations in that area will have to confirm .
tr	NN	" I suddenly get a promotion ? "
tr	NNS	They used those powers to cast us out of your world and ensure that we would never return .
tr	NN	I touched my belly , sending my words and all the love I had in my heart through to her .
tr	NNS	The Mayor washes the dirty dishes of those who pay them under the table while members of the city council mow the lawns outside .
tr	NN	The Forest Gentry could indeed do harm to others when they chose .
tr	NN	I can see the frame of a woman , dark hair flowing like tendrils .
tr	NNS	Good to hear you 're taking classes .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ?
tr	NNS	Please give my apologies to the other three . "
tr	NNS	" Do not touch the precious gems ! "
tr	NNS	Sandra jumped several inches out of her chair .
tr	NNS	I love babies ! "
tr	NN	He stifled a groan .
tr	NN	I yanked the cart from him and turned it over .
tr	NN	For our purposes today , we will be dissecting a frog , as you can see before you .
tr	NNS	He runs his own stunts . "
tr	NNS	I want hourly reports when you 're in the field .
tr	NN	Edwin rode his hunger hard .
tr	NN	She hadn 't eaten gravy on everything since her childhood in Oklahoma .
tr	NN	But when we did , we found a wrench by his hand .
tr	NN	Knees shaking , she met his glare .
tr	NN	Holding her immobile , he slowly fed his shaft inside her , inch by inch , making her scream with pleasure .
tr	NN	The Fae had conceded defeat and vanished into their realm behind the mists .
tr	NN	We can walk down the hill .
tr	NNS	I have 2 classes in the morning . "
tr	NNS	In fact , just that morning she had showed the seniors her passport , which had come in the mail only the day before .
tr	NNS	" During my time here , I 've been watching the local priests .
tr	NNS	Perhaps he senses my lies , or my weakness .
tr	NNS	She closed down her other senses , opened the car door , slung her pack over one shoulder and raised her umbrella .
tr	NN	I swear I 's only comin ' to help , I didn 't do nothin ' to her . "
tr	NNS	He watched the twins silently as if he had nothing to do with any of this .
tr	NNS	Although she didn 't see everything in the future , she had enough visions that her opinion and guidance were highly favored .
tr	NNS	Hendricks monitored the conditions as they sped along , tearing up the already crumbling road .
tr	NN	Luke rubbed his temple .
tr	NN	If unacceptable to you , we can send a command and turn them off and they will also dissolve .
tr	NN	His hand grabs the hem of my sundress and he pulls it down , making sure it stays in place .
tr	NNS	" Did you get a million dollars , Daddy ? "
tr	NNS	Her warm body overtook all my senses .
tr	NNS	Another gust sent needles raining down on them .
tr	NN	I , on the other hand , had a penchant for pink and all things girly .
tr	NN	For example , we have only half the natural gas supply for New England that we need .
tr	NNS	I pull back the covers on his mattress and he lies down .
tr	NN	" Did you baste the turkey ? "
tr	NNS	" I have contacts enough to know , Aliza , that you have obtained what your father asked .
tr	NNS	I 've gotten worse scratches from our rose bushes , honey .
tr	NN	She checked the dashboard to make sure that the vehicle was in park and tried again .
tr	NN	Without warning a sudden smile touched the lined countenance .
tr	NN	That childish human emotion called jealousy .
tr	NN	At that moment , Sawyer reentered the foyer , pocketing his cell phone .
tr	NN	" You take relationship advice from your assistant ? "
tr	NN	And you can 't beat a rollback bargain . "
tr	NNS	Indeed , he 'd played his cards well .
tr	NN	One doon , more powerful than any other , challenged her majesty .
tr	NNS	We 've gained at least two bends on them . "
tr	NN	He indicated the full basket of wine .
tr	NNS	Apparently she 'd been having digestive issues for years .
tr	NN	Ramon cast his wire into the flowing icy waters that surrounded them .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is this ? "
tr	NN	I 've created my own brand . "
tr	NNS	" May I keep the photographs ? "
tr	NNS	She boxed all the little items , which she 'd hung from her four-poster bed .
tr	NN	The center was offering a free aura cleansing to the first fifty people who walked through the doors .
tr	NNS	Talon summoned his powers , letting them surge and feeling just how fragmented they were .
tr	NN	Our system runs state-of-the-art voice recognition software , which pings off certain words , tones of voice .
tr	NN	" You may have missed the memo ... " She caressed up and down , again and again .
tr	NN	Besides satisfying your rapacious thirst ? "
tr	NN	" Smells like raw sewage . "
tr	NN	She was putting the rifle in last when the shots came .
tr	NNS	They had interests in the town and an estate down the hill on the plains below Laon .
tr	NNS	My cousins are already making noises about Cyrus being mentally incompetent .
tr	NNS	She 'd finally seen dragons , but the time had been too brief .
tr	NN	He had no intelligent input to offer .
tr	NNS	I didn 't note any changes in your behavior . "
tr	NN	She pulled a tiny vial out of her pocket .
tr	NNS	Bracing her arm against the wall , she took several deep breaths .
tr	NNS	" I wear contacts when I 'm not in class . "
tr	NNS	The police cannot handle so many reports of petty crime . "
tr	NNS	As the camera finished its downward sweep over Ben 's body , he heard the hydraulic hiss as the elevator doors opened in front of him .
tr	NNS	I can get the dogs off Sabine and Rhett , but Ryder 's gon na have to do something for me . "
tr	NN	" Turn around , you little snot . "
tr	NNS	But what he didn 't say spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	The police had gathered reports that at least three gunshots were fired in the vicinity but there had been no reported injuries or damages .
tr	NNS	As Weir applied more pressure to the tweezers with his fingers , I saw fountains of blue and black liquid .
tr	NN	Daniel held the railing tight .
tr	NN	Judith had hit the nail on the head .
tr	NNS	Logan puts his action figures aside and says , " Let me help you , Tabby . "
tr	NNS	I wake up remembering fragments of dreams ; Mara bending to smell a flower , watching it die under her breath .
tr	NN	She waved away the distinction .
tr	NNS	I push the covers aside and motion to sit up .
tr	NN	They did me a favor by scaring the hell out of them in an old , abandoned building .
tr	NNS	Digger scratched his cheek with the large knife , then marked the approximate areas Zane had mentioned .
tr	NN	I didn 't have a rifle of my own , but if a teammate fell , I should know what to do with his weapon .
tr	NN	Jess quelled the quiver of unease in her stomach , telling herself there was time enough to address the brutal realities of their association .
tr	NNS	I frayed the pages with my thumb , flipping it open to the first page .
tr	NN	In order to make more of a thing of it , Alexia purchased a donkey rope off an obliging , though confused , donkey boy .
tr	NN	He hung his towel on a hook in the bathroom and walked mechanically to the bedroom in search of clothes .
tr	NN	The sweet smell makes my stomach ache but I hold my resolve .
tr	NNS	I gave him directions to Beck 's and prayed he 'd make it that far .
tr	NN	I felt a blast of heat on the top of my head .
tr	NN	" Hey now , they couldn 't hang old Bessie for starting the fire . "
tr	NN	He could hold her captive for only so long .
tr	NN	Inside her apartment , she turned the dead bolt and put on the chain , shocked to see that her hand was still shaking .
tr	NN	Including your misery and your pain . "
tr	NN	Forcing the bile down my throat , I snatch the vial from the table .
tr	NN	He felt the same pang of resentment at the twisted fate that had found him ... that had found this world he lived in .
tr	NNS	But we have enormous powers , as you are beginning to understand .
tr	NNS	" We found the suits in the ... " " We found the suits , " Drew agreed , " but we didn 't find the bodies .
tr	NN	He also noticed the appraising gleam in the man 's eyes as he gave Erica a quick once-over .
tr	NNS	" How many cards do you need ? "
tr	NNS	If they die , or their return is delayed till past Three Moons ' Night , you are denied three powerful magi . "
tr	NN	Turning his head to the left , he observed a large plant in the distance with gigantic leaves .
tr	NN	His index finger circled her nipple , teasing it to a rose-colored pebble .
tr	NN	Nancy was still reading her magazine .
tr	NN	It 's of me sneezing out a mouthful of mashed potatoes last year at Thanksgiving .
tr	NN	I broke the engagement because I couldn 't be the one to tell him about your pregnancy .
tr	NN	Carmine fought the urge to roll his eyes as he picked up his glass when Corrado was called away from the table again .
tr	NNS	It only took a few strokes until he 'd reached his limit , wanting more than just my hands on him .
tr	NN	Archer returned the gesture .
tr	NN	He pushed off the frame , no longer relaxed .
tr	NN	A shiver ran up Ali 's spine .
tr	NN	Ignoring Susannah , she collected a straw basket and clippers .
tr	NN	She brought her compact to a halt in front of the sagging porch .
tr	NN	She gave a half shrug .
tr	NN	" I saw Death , " he said , " standing over you , while you were sleeping . "
tr	NN	I rubbed my snout with my claw , raising my head .
tr	NNS	I had learned spells that enabled me to do it too , but for me the preparation usually wasn 't worth the payoff .
tr	NNS	Using my famous Spy Games knots , I tied the napkins around his wrists , tightly .
tr	NNS	* * * Cadogan House had three aboveground floors , all equally posh and full of expensive furniture and lush decor .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples , fighting a growing headache .
tr	NN	No wonder Ty had a penchant for weapons , growing up in this environment .
tr	NN	She should go freshen up now .
tr	NN	Sheila dropped the anchor , shut the engine and then dove off the side of the boat toward shore .
tr	NN	Recognizing me , he dropped the Oscar Wilde impression .
tr	NNS	Emily took deep breaths and forced herself to remain focused .
tr	NNS	I must have had nightmares .
tr	NN	That more than anything placed a gulf between us .
tr	NN	He turned all his seriousness toward me .
tr	NN	His voice carried a tide of anger .
tr	NN	My small apartment on the 28th floor had an unobstructed view south .
tr	NN	Historia then made her next announcement .
tr	NNS	Then , with the smaller brush , now taken from his mouth , he was adding reflections , wet in wet .
tr	NN	" I need your apron , Erin .
tr	NNS	Eventually his fingertips touched the frames and he hooked the glasses up and slid them onto his face .
tr	NN	She gave me an extra squeeze .
tr	NN	But a person could only fake that devotion and intensity for so long .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his palms together hard enough to chafe them despite his leather driving gloves .
tr	NN	She 'd given him her virginity for goodness sake and he held a big clump of her heart in his hands .
tr	NN	she asked her mother-in-law , twirling around and modeling her new clothes .
tr	NNS	His Lordship bought your other foes with gold and promises , but Ball was not for sale . "
tr	NNS	" We could shoot some hoops . "
tr	NN	I let her soak in that information .
tr	NN	Gus hastily finished off his second muffin .
tr	NN	Frowning , Reyes opened the refrigerator again and searched inside .
tr	NNS	It had three wheels , no paint , and a spattering of rust along the bumper .
tr	NN	She looked the oh god up and down .
tr	NN	The garage door , when it opened , cut a whining , scraping hole in their silent cocoon .
tr	NNS	I promise , the kid will get trips to Disney .
tr	NNS	Remembering how she 'd insisted on doing her own running when the harpy attacked , I had no real fears that she would .
tr	NN	I opened my handbag in search of the piece of the paper that was my beacon of hope .
tr	NNS	But we follow up all leads , and we hear what you say .
tr	NN	I held my rifle out in front of me , ready to fire at any movement .
tr	NN	He felt the light rasp of her tongue on his skin .
tr	NN	He even provided his new persona with a credit card .
tr	NNS	' What pension rights ?
tr	NN	I haven 't really got any function at all . '
tr	NN	He 'd ruled his clan .
tr	NNS	His story , the first of a series , gave the basics of the issues and the specifics on the players .
tr	NN	Just as she dropped the groceries in the car , someone laid on his horn , impatient to make an order .
tr	NN	They had stolen my rifle , so I pulled a pistol from my belt and jerked back its slide .
tr	NN	I took the jacket off and started to take my shirt off when I realized , I didn 't pack a stitch of clothes .
tr	NNS	Let your hearts and souls be guided by the religion which can offer evidence of divine support .
tr	NNS	" They have the best stores ever !
tr	NNS	" More importantly I have connections .
tr	NN	I pick up the top item that Seth set down : a pair of denim shorts .
tr	NNS	Once you know your enemy and more importantly , their abilities , then you can formulate counter measures .
tr	NNS	Roar unfastened Cinder 's bindings .
tr	NNS	" You owe her nothing but a knife in your back , " he said viciously .
tr	NN	Ian got the distinct impression it was a common insult between the two of them .
tr	NN	I swallow the lump in my throat and respond .
tr	NNS	I was taking political science classes and he was in the engineering school .
tr	NNS	" By pouring bubbles in a baptismal font and spelling out hellfire with fertilizer on the lawn ? "
tr	NNS	* * * I roamed the beaches every night for a season .
tr	NN	She had an abundance of coarse , steel gray in her dark hair , lots of wrinkles on her face and a bustling but economical manner .
tr	NNS	The bar has thirteen stools at it .
tr	NNS	He held up his cup then they clicked cups and sipped .
tr	NNS	I slam my palms against his chest and push him back again .
tr	NN	I always protected humanity , safeguarded them from destruction .
tr	NNS	She mixed various ingredients for the family 's breakfast .
tr	NN	He propped his hip against my desk and began leafing through the letters and email printouts .
tr	NNS	He has his own priorities and sometimes , I think he has lost touch with human values . "
tr	NNS	Rachel and the young man accept the conditions .
tr	NN	He stifled the urge to pull her close and kiss her .
tr	NN	said the receptionist in a frightened voice in her last call .
tr	NN	He started a slow progression toward Beck as he spoke .
tr	NNS	It might cost her a few bucks , but it wasn 't as if she was buying him a sports car .
tr	NNS	He 's turned down several job offers . "
tr	NNS	But humanity lost those abilities in a battle that shook all of the Earth and its people .
tr	NN	Then someone had put the coffin in his hand ; the tiny coffin that was passed now among those who feasted ; the little reminder : Eat .
tr	NNS	I glared daggers at him .
tr	NN	It all began a long cascade , out of the shuttle , to the ground below .
tr	NN	Eventually , a yard or two out , I found the tarp .
tr	NNS	She had great aspirations for college and beyond ; dreams of becoming a world-renowned novelist .
tr	NN	He unexpectedly picked a basketball up off the floor and threw it at me .
tr	NNS	He threw the covers off his body , finding himself naked .
tr	NNS	I can 't see vampires ' auras .
tr	NNS	We can bring the real murderers to justice .
tr	NN	Kirstie dragged her other shoe , scraping the side along an angel statue with extra oomph .
tr	NN	The hungry shifts of her legs rubbed his cock , stroking him , helping him to know that all he needed would soon follow .
tr	NN	As she holed up here , she would take solace as she watched .
tr	NNS	As long as it doesn 't cost more than twenty-five dollars . "
tr	NN	She 's amassed a fortune , and it 's said that every person working for her is loyal and can 't be bribed .
tr	NNS	You 've taken emergency powers .
tr	NN	Jason made a small gesture with his hand before wrapping his arm around my shoulder .
tr	NNS	I can 't give you specifics , but in my visions I saw a woman lying in the street .
tr	NN	Her words lacked any coldness or disdain , only a calm self-assurance .
tr	NN	I gripped his backside and pulled , aiding his thrusts as I bucked forward for stronger penetration .
tr	NNS	She could feel the coldness beneath the calm .
tr	NN	Definitely needed the turtleneck .
tr	NN	The tenor of his voice indicated discomfort .
tr	NN	Shelby gave a little shrug .
tr	NNS	" Or they could be covering their tracks expertly , operating under radars that are yet to exist ? "
tr	NNS	Tucker continued his sprint across the cargo hatch , firing controlled bursts in her direction .
tr	NN	We confirm Joey Beretta 's location , wait until the night shift comes on , and we take her . "
tr	NNS	Then there is shooting the targets while standing on the ground .
tr	NN	She lifted the coffin lid .
tr	NN	She had used her inheritance to buy the Winnebago , driving it across the country as the moment struck her .
tr	NNS	" You have your business interests to occupy your daylight hours , but your private hours are mine .
tr	NNS	If this one gets turned , I 'll be breaking all sorts of laws to do it . "
tr	NN	He 'd never even considered that possibility .
tr	NN	From the slums of the Phoenix Sector to the inside of a Barbarian prison , Josh had witnessed brutality .
tr	NNS	But the speed of these events has confounded my brain 's adaptive processes .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	The rover , while descending down a seemingly ordinary slope , drove off an invisible ridge .
tr	NN	Robbie has stage fright , faced with the awkwardness of explaining our situation .
tr	NNS	Thus far he found only their Dead Worlds -- planets once full of life , now abandoned and desecrated .
tr	NN	It did not deserve punishment .
tr	NN	Privately , though , Jackson targeted his real vengeance .
tr	NNS	Long curled eyelashes bejeweled with a strand of tiny teardrops .
tr	NNS	By the end of the trip , at least two of them had scribbled their phone numbers on a cocktail napkin .
tr	NNS	She has casting skills . "
tr	NN	He let out a snort .
tr	NN	What terrible cruelty is this ? "
tr	NNS	His eyes , although closed , boasted long eyelashes .
tr	NNS	Then I took the reins of the conversation , pointing to another charm , this one a silver book with the pages open .
tr	NNS	" That death will take centuries . "
tr	NN	She fought back the flood of words bubbling on her tongue .
tr	NN	He had a psychic affinity for it .
tr	NNS	I don 't know too many folks here , so I thought it would be a way to meet people .
tr	NN	After five minutes , she saw an item with the number 456 : Midtown Bus Station .
tr	NN	He 'd taken her last rejection to heart and though it must have hurt him he hardly commented when she 'd started seeing Dwight .
tr	NN	Meanwhile , she prepared a brunch of baked eggs and ham in cassoulet dishes she found in the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Standing up and stretching , she ignored the complaints of her sore muscles .
tr	NN	Agamemnon turned a furious glare on him .
tr	NNS	Get your butts upstairs and save your wife and kid from that hot blonde . "
tr	NN	Logan gives a huff of a laugh and motions for me to take a seat next to him on a patch of pine needles .
tr	NNS	It heightened his senses , made him feel more alive .
tr	NN	Jeff made his way topside and walked over to the rain barrel .
tr	NNS	These days Grant was inventing excuses to call her .
tr	NN	It gave him a glimpse at what she must have felt the day at the cafe with Amber .
tr	NNS	" I don 't smell any chemicals at all . "
tr	NNS	An Arcadian could very easily use telekinesis to wipe them away .
tr	NNS	In this way , we control all the waters of this great sea , and our ships can travel in relative freedom where they choose . '
tr	NNS	This student will have the same rights and privileges of any student here at the Academy .
tr	NNS	' As it happens , I might have one or two items for the genuine collector . '
tr	NNS	She knew the terms .
tr	NN	As the light blinked out , she caught a glimpse of the woman they 'd saved in the street , lurching through the door .
tr	NN	I squelched the urge to laugh because Daemon was eyeballing the soldier like he wanted to snap his neck .
tr	NN	" She doesn 't want a sponge bath , she wants a standard bath .
tr	NNS	She turned his insides into crashing waves and he wanted to know if the feeling was mutual .
tr	NN	And you toss the wad into a bucket to let it dry ... before taking it somewhere many blocks from here to dispose of .
tr	NN	Gwen unlatched the lid and raised it .
tr	NN	Privately he was assessing the likelihood of a kindergarten teacher sitting on a desk with a stranger .
tr	NNS	Elizabeth had also read the declassified reports .
tr	NN	He had a messy beard that clumped together in three parts .
tr	NN	We humans sure have a talent for complicating things .
tr	NNS	He gave the cord three sharp tugs .
tr	NN	He could see her pulse thrumming incessantly in her neck , practically hear her erratic heartbeat in the weighty silence of the room .
tr	NNS	She 'd set two white candles on the table and now considered how best to light them .
tr	NNS	Perhaps she was already using spells .
tr	NNS	" You 're splitting hairs .
tr	NN	He gave her a dark scowl .
tr	NN	Caution never killed anybody , and it wasn 't going to kill me .
tr	NNS	He stopped short , just centimeters separating our lips as he stared into my eyes .
tr	NN	Jace continued down a short hill and around a bend , and found the Shifter fight club behind a slight rise that hid it from the road .
tr	NNS	I have serious doubts he will be the one to debrief me .
tr	NN	James grabbed the coiled rope from where he 'd placed it and walked out of the room .
tr	NNS	I view the ruffles on my dress .
tr	NN	Cesaro rubbed his temple , as if trying to ease a nagging headache .
tr	NN	He has lost a back tooth , too , which I think he swallowed , but he will be fine .
tr	NN	Hell , even in big cities , they could hold a suspect for up to twenty-four hours for " questioning . "
tr	NNS	His eyes stared daggers into Merrick as his breath gradually grew shallow .
tr	NNS	I 'll have those designs for you by this afternoon . "
tr	NNS	" I serve the One Beneath , not her .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps , but that doesn 't diminish your efforts , not to mention how calm you were .
tr	NN	So did the Scientist .
tr	NNS	She manages my medications .
tr	NN	" The De La Cruz family has a certain reputation and they live by their own rules . "
tr	NNS	He put his goggles back on , then drove off with one member of his team .
tr	NNS	He didn 't worry , he had a thousand excuses .
tr	NN	I winked the right row of my PRC eyelashes at Marc with a C , gathered up my paperwork and car keys and headed out the door .
tr	NNS	You must follow the customs or you will stand out , and the waiter may report it .
tr	NN	" Did you witness the confrontation between Sheila Logan and Rebekah Turner ? "
tr	NNS	All she caught were tangled fragments of meaning that together made no sense . .
tr	NN	We cannot continue the quest and leave her like this . "
tr	NN	" I 'll just take a slice , Sal . "
tr	NN	The girl picked up her pen , thought for a minute , and composed a new paragraph in her mind .
tr	NNS	" The station has cameras .
tr	NN	We 'll have the confession , and we have Malcolm Bannister .
tr	NN	I let out a tiny snort of laughter .
tr	NNS	Improved vampire senses , maybe ?
tr	NN	Lacy resisted the urge to roll her eyes .
tr	NNS	" I had three cups on my way here .
tr	NNS	Now he would say something remorseful , but I wouldn 't be able to accept his apology .
tr	NNS	He would need some allies when this was all over .
tr	NNS	Mariposa always made jokes when she was nervous .
tr	NNS	After that little passage , I made motions about leaving , but Janice asked me what I was wearing that night .
tr	NNS	I need vessels that can hold 50 times that much .
tr	NNS	What if you worked all weekend , around the clock , kept the maids away and delivered my package ?
tr	NN	I hear a crackle of static followed by silence .
tr	NN	First do no harm .
tr	NNS	TV crews in Turkey have shots of them routed and breaking for the border , many of them with dead or dying in their vehicles .
tr	NNS	He made her bold , adventurous .
tr	NNS	" I could have probably even stopped the black marks . "
tr	NN	Even in his true identity , he still had impeccable timing .
tr	NNS	" Keep your pets under control next time , lady .
tr	NN	Now get the fuck out of my face . '
tr	NNS	" My babies , " she said , " my dear sweet babies . "
tr	NN	A hand brushed her backpack .
tr	NN	" Set the timer to two minutes from the time you engage it .
tr	NN	" These humans owe allegiance to the king of Mississippi . "
tr	NNS	The Lady of the Mountains has seen dragons too .
tr	NN	Just lied and said , " No , I just fell down a small hill and hurt myself . "
tr	NNS	I hated winters in Chicago , and while November didn 't technically qualify as winter , it was still too cold and dreary for my taste .
tr	NNS	" Mark also took bribes from local developers . "
tr	NN	He found the refrigerator and made himself a drink , scotch and water .
tr	NN	" Oh , they send out a professional photographer for that . "
tr	NNS	Terri , Leigh , and Inez all wore traditional white wedding gowns in various styles .
tr	NN	She repeated the gesture on every square , but they were all firm and solid .
tr	NN	She 's got a devil .
tr	NN	Back at my desk , I open up my email , nearly afraid of what I 'm going to find .
tr	NN	The first arm inserted the pencil and grinding replaced the whirring .
tr	NNS	We walked down the hallways and made it outside to the arena .
tr	NNS	" Fifty lousy bucks .
tr	NN	He tapped his temple .
tr	NN	But all Ottoman soldiers have a special loathing for these Byzantine thugs , and that is to the advantage of the Assassins . "
tr	NN	He had an overwhelming affection for me .
tr	NN	When he lifted his eyes to the clean-shaven man who had to be Manuel , he fought the urge to let his hands curl into fists .
tr	NNS	" You gals ' sisters ? "
tr	NN	And Howell has this conviction they won 't hurt him or his family .
tr	NN	He glanced at his computer , waiting for that little window to come up to tell him he had a new email .
tr	NNS	" I 've seen miracles in cases like this .
tr	NN	After all , I had just driven nearly two hundred miles non-stop .
tr	NN	She was holding an old rifle directly at his chest .
tr	NNS	The green ring still circles my iris but it looks more pronounced .
tr	NNS	Nor did she feel the heaviness she always had in the past .
tr	NNS	I finally had my nervous giggles under control .
tr	NN	Everywhere streamed all manner of people - merchants , soldiers , dignitaries - everyone in such a rush .
tr	NN	And those nice farm ladies could donate fresh butter .
tr	NN	His lips and tongue made a slow progression down her neck , over her collar bone , then lower .
tr	NN	He denies his heritage .
tr	NN	Besides , milk persons don 't deliver honey . "
tr	NNS	I had seen enough patients come into the ER to know that this was going to be his last wedding .
tr	NN	He cleared out a small sanctuary with practiced efficiency in some heavy undergrowth , unrolled a blanket and bedded down for the night .
tr	NNS	All of my precious air , so precious , Oh gods . "
tr	NN	" Your protection . "
tr	NNS	I raised my mental shields , vowing quietly to give him nothing .
tr	NNS	Dever felt his insides burning up as he dropped back into the crown Vic and directed Timmons to the police station .
tr	NN	We can 't leave the baby bird with her when we leave .
tr	NNS	In addition to this , he had slick black slacks with shoes to match .
tr	NNS	To do so would raise grave doubts in the minds of reasonable men the world over as to the viability of your new state .
tr	NNS	Most of them gave me helpless shrugs , but Bria stepped forward , following us .
tr	NNS	Plus I 've seen the little devils . "
tr	NN	The sadness on her face made Gregor 's heart ache .
tr	NNS	Cos had doubts about the abilities of his army .
tr	NNS	He checked his compass , flipping it open and stared up at the North Star in the heavens as nightfall was upon us .
tr	NNS	I have killed many Vampires in my 80 years .
tr	NNS	" Four hundred dollars ? "
tr	NN	Captain Rob gave the command , and a cloud of fire and smoke erupted from the muskets .
tr	NNS	I can throw balls hard .
tr	NN	as he took the cloth and held it up by the elastic and as it unravelled it was obviously underwear ?
tr	NN	Freshly caught fish hanging from a spit over it .
tr	NN	Time had snapped and lost its meaning .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	Bill was really shitting bricks now , picturing Darren Ward and a bunch of other Homeland Security officials waiting on the other side of the door .
tr	NN	She asked her brother Fire to set aflame this imposition on her power .
tr	NN	And yet he didn 't want his future father-in-law to think he was the type who overreacted .
tr	NNS	Lord Biron paid little heed to these endless discussions .
tr	NN	" Just a normal towel . "
tr	NN	I flipped open the lid .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	He was no longer making efforts to resist the conviction of what he must do .
tr	NNS	Renna fired a few more shots to cover them before turning to dart into the shuttle herself .
tr	NN	The guy had dated the wicked witch of the southern coast for two years .
tr	NN	" You have cancer . "
tr	NN	He went a little caveman on me .
tr	NN	Or have you ' accidentally ' let a fox into the henhouse ? "
tr	NN	While I watched , the boys concluded their argument and Fade wheeled away to queue for some roast venison .
tr	NN	" Did you open the package ? "
tr	NN	The kid had talent .
tr	NN	But none of them stirred his hunger as this woman did .
tr	NN	She 'd already pulled a vial from the pocket of her shorts and snapped gloves onto her hands once more .
tr	NNS	' And might I offer my apologies for not attending your late grandmother 's funeral .
tr	NNS	They still had supplies to collect .
tr	NNS	Of giving her bliss .
tr	NNS	The crime scene team had laid plastic runners around the studio and taped off furniture and sections with yellow tape and warnings not to touch .
tr	NN	" Guess a flair for business runs in the family . "
tr	NNS	A cliff frowned upon their right ; to their left rose grey slopes , dim and shadowy in the late night .
tr	NNS	" Two corned beef Reuben sandwiches and raspberry iced tea . "
tr	NNS	He had five hundred dollars on the Packers , plus six points , but the bet was only for the combined score in the first half .
tr	NNS	Another blow glanced off his ribs .
tr	NNS	She was certainly picking up a few tricks from Jake and reaping the benefits of his training with the Mutant Affairs Council .
tr	NN	He pulled off the alien cloth and swam naked , the heat and blood pouring out of him .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps I don 't understand your customs .
tr	NNS	Any developments here ? "
tr	NNS	Her heart must be playing tricks on her mind .
tr	NN	He hit the mat for the tenth time , his face a barely recognizable bloody mess .
tr	NNS	As I remember , we were doing the dishes at the time .
tr	NN	I expected another refusal from Dorian , but he remained silent .
tr	NNS	" Hi , " she said , a little too breathless .
tr	NN	But some distance down the slope could be seen Paulette 's bicycle lying on the ground .
tr	NN	This time we did not alert the receptionist of whom we wanted to see .
tr	NN	Dr. Abernathy added cream and sugar to his own and stirred noisily .
tr	NNS	On the other hand , I have seen fast and courageous runners such as Jack , Steve and Brother Benedict determining the game .
tr	NN	Lloyd held a rifle out to me and Bret .
tr	NNS	Getting up , Lucie fetched some biscuits .
tr	NN	He breathes out a huff of air .
tr	NNS	" I haven 't felt nauseous for the last ten days , so I think it 's finally letting up . "
tr	NN	" Oh , sure , they owe me a debt .
tr	NN	The paper had paired the article with an old , and very unflattering , picture of her .
tr	NNS	Tara 's son moved in his sleep , his chubby cheeks made subtle sucking noises as if still attached to a breast .
tr	NN	Didn 't know this Queen .
tr	NNS	They took your lovers out on stretchers . "
tr	NNS	On the ground , We saw a lonely carcass , clothed in flies .
tr	NNS	" But only after you satisfy our conditions ! "
tr	NNS	" Yes , my fiancée has contacts in the Interior Ministry there . "
tr	NNS	The locomotive belched bouts of steam high into a dark evening sky out of two tall smokestacks and was so loud that polite conversation was impossible .
tr	NNS	After what seemed a lifetime , I took the pages that were clipped together and started reading .
tr	NN	He could smell incense and herbs , fresh vegetables , and what smelled deliciously like stew .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes coyly .
tr	NN	" Why 'd you ' ave to brain the bugger ?
tr	NNS	She stumbled backwards and found a chair , sitting down abruptly .
tr	NNS	She put the plates on their table and left .
tr	NN	" And if I do this , I ' l get my mom 's e-mail ? "
tr	NN	Last night , she 'd gotten a glimpse of what he 'd be like as a lover .
tr	NN	They had no real meaning , no story behind them .
tr	NNS	But whether she wanted to admit it or not , all Chavez 's crap would have left marks on her .
tr	NN	Or reported Valhalla 's location ? "
tr	NNS	Errol could already feel the 15 points .
tr	NN	She was wearing a golden yellow blouse showing her cleavage .
tr	NNS	Warren had her phone numbers .
tr	NN	Thought I 'd check out poetry night .
tr	NN	" Men don 't need soap . "
tr	NNS	Or did you just want bragging rights ?
tr	NNS	He had three students , one male , one female , and he wasn 't quite sure what the third was supposed to be .
tr	NN	Thank goodness for that recent ' 80s revival . "
tr	NNS	" I have classes to prepare for . "
tr	NNS	I passed a few more giants in my wanderings , but there weren 't nearly as many guards out here as there had been in the rotunda .
tr	NN	She kept the cat carrier covered with a dark cloth , and during the service she stroked him through the bars .
tr	NN	' They have a splendid stable with many mounts .
tr	NNS	She came from a big family and I could see the affection in her eyes every time she mentioned her sisters and brothers .
tr	NN	Your aunt has a basket of food waiting . "
tr	NNS	" Please give her my apologies , but as you can see , I am otherwise engaged this evening . "
tr	NN	We can drop the proposal . "
tr	NN	She wouldn 't have missed Chris 's funeral .
tr	NN	Geoff had accepted a plea bargain and was now serving a prison sentence .
tr	NN	Russell told a colleague that he would have a talk with her .
tr	NNS	" Fine , but the prehistoric ocean never had giant bugs . "
tr	NN	It had more than a passing resemblance to her fat husband and it had to go .
tr	NNS	Xavier left guardians and there were signs that the chambers are still in use at times .
tr	NNS	She forced her senses back in order .
tr	NNS	They took our best pots and made a mess out of the pantry . "
tr	NNS	A spurt of warmth moistened the folds between her legs .
tr	NN	After all , you usually pass the merchandise off to your partner the photographer to hide in his camera bag .
tr	NN	She 'd never seen furniture so - Suddenly her smile faded .
tr	NN	Did I miss the war fashion memo ?
tr	NN	I opened up the fridge and grabbed a bottle of water .
tr	NN	She took the fork from him by the handle and twirled it in front of her .
tr	NNS	I worked miracles and all you can say is good ? "
tr	NNS	Each day they have classes where they teach the apprentices to use their magick in different ways .
tr	NN	She quickly grabbed her towel , gesturing to the door leading to the pool entry .
tr	NN	Guys get jewelry for girls as a reward for putting out .
tr	NNS	Then he placed his palms over his ears and shouted , " And no more noise . "
tr	NN	With fumbling fingers , he dug the scroll from his pocket , then scanned the ten choices .
tr	NN	Love has never entered the equation , and it shouldn 't now .
tr	NN	" I don 't follow your meaning , lass . "
tr	NN	Then he took a handful of my hair and pulled my chin up and back , twisting my head to my right .
tr	NNS	He knew only the Disney versions of fairy tales , and the first image that came to mind was Ariel in her seashell bra .
tr	NN	On direct orders , he immediately found a location where he could film the events that followed .
tr	NNS	It cost my parents thousands of dollars a year .
tr	NN	" I need a haircut . "
tr	NN	Nicole and Suzy looked around the increasingly emptying hill .
tr	NNS	I counted the floors as we passed each one .
tr	NNS	Then we have some more prayers , which are powerful deep and solemn , and then some more songs .
tr	NN	" What function does it serve ? "
tr	NNS	Yun keeps the dangerous items in the back . "
tr	NN	And a lifetime debt .
tr	NNS	asked Jess to Aaron .
tr	NN	" God marks the crook , and for this man , the mark is a two of spades !
tr	NNS	I 'll take your shots if you lose ! "
tr	NNS	They walked a few blocks from the carnival as it closed , over to a park on Wesley Oaks Street .
tr	NN	So with Noah 's help , we picked out an Americana theme .
tr	NN	" Temper , Dear Sister , you 'll set a bad example for our young mistress . "
tr	NN	I grab his bicep , inspecting the space , trailing my thumb along the scars .
tr	NN	This fierce fire had delighted the dragon .
tr	NNS	I 'd consumed at least three cups of coffee and was exhausted .
tr	NNS	Mom , he carries brass knuckles in both pockets ! "
tr	NN	They 'd gone a block before either of them spoke .
tr	NN	Pictures of his still body and the blood covering the forest floor made her heart ache .
tr	NNS	They 've made assumptions based on a few anecdotal records of a handful of individuals who exhibited more than one strong talent .
tr	NN	I held the pistol in front of me , aiming straight for her forehead .
tr	NNS	Sally told her sisters , " The specimens .
tr	NN	If we have nothing else to discuss concerning our task here , I 'll say goodnight . "
tr	NNS	Meatball rammed three more biscuits into his mouth and swallowed hard .
tr	NN	We must have faith . "
tr	NN	came the shout , and then the footsteps pounded behind her , and Verlaine could only run .
tr	NNS	when I breasted the breakers over a sandbar .
tr	NNS	The simple earrings matched the studs on her gown , and now her outfit was complete .
tr	NNS	She stuffed a few dollars in her pocket and left the Winnebago as quietly as she could .
tr	NNS	I have no special talents , no admirable qualities , nothing but a pretty face and a great deal of sexual experience .
tr	NNS	At the public docks across the channel on the mainland , islanders hawked their wares to visitors from all over the world .
tr	NNS	Pandora and Marlon closed their mouths and simply looked at each other , no doubt carrying the conversation on inside their heads .
tr	NNS	Endless torrents of rain flooded the plains .
tr	NNS	He had meetings , but they didn 't begin for another hour .
tr	NN	I flipped the lid off my pressurized coffee pot and poured the grounds directly into the container .
tr	NN	" Just give it your spin .
tr	NN	" The Pale has an ample supply already , Aldred .
tr	NN	Gary spat more muck from his mouth .
tr	NNS	In fact , he had made a few enquiries , and he knew as well as Moses how things were going .
tr	NNS	He wore dirty overalls and had a big hat on his head .
tr	NN	Sitting beside her mother on one of the hospital 's hard plastic chairs , Sheree offered a silent prayer of gratitude that she had met Derek .
tr	NN	Mortality has taken a chunk out of my hide a few times too many for me to ignore it . "
tr	NNS	The sound of the beasts froze their hearts .
tr	NN	Hanna reshaped her auburn ponytail .
tr	NN	" And if word of Jill 's disappearance gets out , Lissa could lose her throne . "
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the sentry had noticed two bicycles were missing and presuming the Englishman had taken them gave chase .
tr	NN	They 're considered the norm , so I expect things to fit into that norm .
tr	NNS	Monica and Mrs. Brightman ordered the most expensive meals on the menu .
tr	NNS	Before he even got a good look , he had doubts that he could fix it .
tr	NNS	" Thompson ran the new samples you sent last week .
tr	NNS	Ken and Dave had numerous discussions about the need to take your poison and move on to the next shot .
tr	NNS	I pulled my knives out and plunged them into his body again , sawing through his thick muscles .
tr	NNS	said the octopus to Nomi .
tr	NNS	As we turned on the television we saw the reports with the government calling us a new kind of terrorist too brazen to be controlled .
tr	NNS	On the aft side , the single men took their meals , and on the forward side , the women and families ate .
tr	NN	Disappointment and frustration dragged a rough growl from his chest .
tr	NN	Clementine kept her entire scheme under wraps , which is surprising , given how many giants were involved . "
tr	NN	I set the duck down on the floor , but instead of beginning to waddle , it instead waited , completely still .
tr	NNS	They leave more tracks than a herd of stampeding cattle .
tr	NN	Drawing my knees to my chest , I let the sobs ripple through me as I tried to figure out what I had done wrong .
tr	NN	His hands swept down the black velvet of his gown .
tr	NNS	" So you 've had babies .
tr	NNS	Slave labor as some called the workers .
tr	NN	Alone again with the man she now knew was Jake , she lifted her eyes self-consciously to his .
tr	NN	I just took a swing of beer .
tr	NN	I opened the little fridge and picked out one of the chocolate covered strawberries , eating it as I wandered into the living area .
tr	NN	A sort of jet propelled motorcycle with a unique stabilizer that prevented about 90 % of crashes .
tr	NN	Somehow , in that chaos , she had made her Offering to the Darkness , too young .
tr	NN	Turning the blade one direction then another , he was feeding my terror , enjoying it .
tr	NN	" Fewer passengers in the cockpit could solve the weight adjustment ; that means that we will be short of the new motors .
tr	NN	Sam was giving him a long speech , during which Matt said , " really ? "
tr	NNS	The layout showed twelve floors of basement , quite an elaborate engineering feat , yet the drawings barely outlined any detail of the building 's superstructure .
tr	NN	She had accepted his proposal without giving it the thought she would have applied to an accounting problem ; she had to live with the consequences .
tr	NN	" Go take a bath . "
tr	NNS	" I only paid forty dollars .
tr	NN	She could feel his grief .
tr	NN	Crossing the space , we found a white foyer with blue plastic chairs shaped like squashed kidney beans .
tr	NN	And he certainly couldn 't reveal that Durrant wanted to die -- didn 't want a plea made on his behalf .
tr	NN	If she 'd stopped the car , they 'd have had solid proof . "
tr	NN	She ignored the knight .
tr	NN	They would so avoid the possibility of approaching him , since he would look so human , that they could make no reasonable use of him . "
tr	NNS	Do not count empty molecules as the measure of your journey for in that is or seems a fixed number and a fixed direction .
tr	NN	He indicated a row of books , higher up , bound in matching brown leather .
tr	NN	He opened the soap and grabbed a washcloth , then dropped down and washed my feet .
tr	NN	He gives me a nice big scowl for my performance last night .
tr	NN	Helen was exacting her verbal retribution .
tr	NN	" I 'm writing an article for the Salem News and I wanted to ask him a few questions .
tr	NN	He caught the towel , and she let him pull it away .
tr	NN	As our waitress left , Claude spread his napkin in his lap and speared a shrimp .
tr	NNS	I need your skills , not your disrespect .
tr	NN	In their shared fantasy , Dominic had always slain the dragon and set her free .
tr	NNS	We all shared them , nightmares of death and killing .
tr	NNS	Gael grabs the reins .
tr	NNS	The smile he unleashed turned all my insides to puddles and I knew he had me .
tr	NNS	Running such a large household has its difficulties , but we are weathering . "
tr	NN	" Careful sport , " Michael gave him a loving pat .
tr	NN	asked the high-strung Boy Scout , to which the McGill answered , " I 'm sending you to your reward . "
tr	NNS	" Most kinds of supernatural beings send off vibes like that .
tr	NNS	" My great-grandmother had twins , and both survived .
tr	NN	" That would explain the twitchy nurse . "
tr	NN	" Did no one see the culprit near the meat while you were gone ? "
tr	NNS	I should have taken my chances hiding behind the couch .
tr	NN	Eleanor locked the drawer and dropped the key into the top of her corset .
tr	NNS	I have my own fleas , and they are not fond of strangers .
tr	NNS	the thought that this grandiose event might have been happening at that very moment somewhere nearby , with him unaware of it , gave Pasha the creeps .
tr	NNS	I want funds for the Center .
tr	NN	Jack had chosen the shed because there was no way Ellie could see it from inside the house .
tr	NN	Roman 's family was hardly setting an example of functional relationships .
tr	NN	Almost immediately I feel a warm tingling sensation running through my broken leg and hear a crack .
tr	NN	The day that begins our eternal celebration because we live in a world of absolute bliss .
tr	NNS	I 'd rather pet him and feed him apples than ride him . "
tr	NN	Oddly , chills went down my spine after hearing it .
tr	NN	She almost dropped her fork with his words .
tr	NN	His expression as he looked at her cut through all her defenses , her fragile resolve .
tr	NN	The tower filled my consciousness .
tr	NNS	Birds chirped overhead , bees and other insects spiraled through the air , some monstrously big .
tr	NNS	However , it does not include cameras or microphones .
tr	NNS	Y ' all must have broken hearts all over this little town . "
tr	NN	She held up a cricket bat .
tr	NN	" I 'm not obsessed , " I insist , " I just admire his poetry . "
tr	NNS	He had no compass .
tr	NNS	Then , when I went to deliver the goods , I would case my clients ' houses and go back later with Phillip .
tr	NN	Every time Darius leaned toward her to whisper in her ear , she felt her heart flutter .
tr	NNS	My voice sounds breathless in my own ears .
tr	NNS	She knew too many would-be leaders and shakers of the world growing up in her father 's house .
tr	NN	For Rachel , I 'd shovel coal into the furnace in hell .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you have servants for that ? "
tr	NNS	" Not all my tricks . "
tr	NN	He licked clotted cream from his thumb and shook his head at his daughter .
tr	NN	She eyes the curtain rod , a silver colored length of metal .
tr	NN	As usual , she ignored my scowl .
tr	NNS	Nicole peered past Marguerite to the people following her .
tr	NN	It dramatically increased the coastal range for a cellular connection .
tr	NN	Louisa gave an impatient snort .
tr	NN	Either that or Stuart had given them some previous command .
tr	NNS	When she 'd hang out in the kitchen with him and drink wine while she watched him slice vegetables .
tr	NNS	The cut of her clothes , the length of her nails , and the paleness of her skin spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Raphael made his pencil spin on the table like a top .
tr	NNS	Looking and listening , he strained his senses in all directions but found no signs of pursuit .
tr	NNS	We 'll take our chances back with my family , war or no war .
tr	NNS	Not spiteful clan members .
tr	NNS	She lit the candles on the mantel , added wood to the fire .
tr	NN	My dad , too , had a sweet tooth .
tr	NNS	Her fear , her inability to communicate , spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Henry swirled the liquid in his glass , lost in his thoughts .
tr	NNS	Sawyer had bigger balls than I 'd given him credit for .
tr	NN	Last night I had my proof .
tr	NN	He has an appointment with a cardiologist tomorrow , so hopefully we 'll know more then .
tr	NNS	It keeps my skills expanding . "
tr	NNS	Meredith was feeling dizzy now , but she needed to see the entire room .
tr	NN	Lizzy 's boyfriend denied all responsibility . "
tr	NN	I took out my notepad and pen and I wrote down his order .
tr	NN	She could feel her roommate 's misery and frustration pulsing in the silence between them .
tr	NN	His friend strode down the ramp and sauntered toward the gate .
tr	NNS	He took away the utter loneliness she 'd endured for most of her life .
tr	NN	" No one deserves such cruelty .
tr	NN	Tolliver gave a shrug that couldn 't have been seen by anyone but me , and I returned an infinitesimal nod .
tr	NN	" Thieves often use the same method of entry to a robbery over and over again .
tr	NN	Anyone who spends a couple of hours a day in the lav probably finds this a full-scale catastrophe . "
tr	NN	" So you put a pillow over her face . "
tr	NNS	And his dinner jacket had some suspicious damp stains on it , from where he 'd leaned into the bath and held the woman 's hand .
tr	NNS	Anger replaced my numbness .
tr	NN	The guests welcomed the onslaught of sweets .
tr	NNS	Instantly they were in place , Berkley sent Maximus ahead at the big dragon 's top speed , right at the clustered French dragons .
tr	NNS	They don 't carry knives , except little ones to scare kids with .
tr	NNS	Surviving such atrocities and managing to continue on . "
tr	NNS	" When did I get tattoo markings ? "
tr	NNS	Would she resent Jess 's efforts to move forward with her life ?
tr	NNS	But I also had high expectations for you , and you have far surpassed them all . "
tr	NN	CHAPTER 12 SAM Kelly stood on the deck overlooking an expanse of Kentucky Lake , gripping the railing as he leaned forward .
tr	NNS	We 'll have babies . "
tr	NN	I shut out the external distractions , inner dread , and focused on my enemies .
tr	NNS	Hunter closed his drapes against the sun , now shining brightly , and decided to lie down .
tr	NNS	I draw sprit figures , but I have never seen one .
tr	NN	Finally , Arthur lost his patience and suggested , " Let 's go on a recce ! "
tr	NNS	After a quick search , I grabbed two plates from the cupboard and placed them on the counter before pouring two glasses of water .
tr	NN	Except his has a crown on it . "
tr	NN	Agnes turned the stove off and spooned some into a bowl .
tr	NNS	My wolf snapped her jaws at the thought , dismissing it .
tr	NNS	And I made a million and one excuses for his altered behavior .
tr	NN	" She found and brought to the surface the parasite threatening Raven with miscarriage .
tr	NN	We saw this landscape from above while we were flying over ; so we know exactly where we are , and where to go .
tr	NN	Feeling like a fool , I hopped down from the platform , my stomach a knot of embarrassment and shame .
tr	NNS	At five ten , she had eight inches of height on me and she was leaning over .
tr	NNS	Standing slowly , he hooked his daggers to his thighs and then motioned me forward .
tr	NN	Dip ate the keyboard anyway .
tr	NNS	If Clare and I need to duck out for a few minutes ... half an hour , you make excuses .
tr	NNS	Lisa dropped her utensils and coughed so hard into her napkin that everyone looked her way .
tr	NNS	He 'd found some old overalls hanging in the barn .
tr	NN	She shouldn 't have that sensation so soon after a cut .
tr	NN	Immediately on the alert , Becky gave Scott another cuddle .
tr	NN	As she descended the staircase her entrance certainly made exactly the impression she had hoped for .
tr	NNS	" What about your clients ? "
tr	NNS	A couple of artfully placed rugs cover the polished wood floors .
tr	NN	Sarah undid the knot keeping the bright blue scarf around her neck and walked around the bed .
tr	NNS	" You have a few centuries of clan lore to catch up on . "
tr	NNS	Once she was left with only her bikini top on , he pulled the lower ties while she untied the straps at her neck .
tr	NN	" Shut the hel up ! "
tr	NNS	As such , Painter had brought his own experts to the roundtable .
tr	NNS	Alarmed , she threw off the covers and sat up .
tr	NNS	They don 't usually accommodate takeout requests , but apparently they will for Jackson . "
tr	NNS	How would that expose the priests ?
tr	NNS	But Maia has been pacing the chambers and I found her teary-eyed in the garden two days ago . "
tr	NN	We usually haven 't the patience for occupations that involve long hours of inactivity .
tr	NN	Josh pulled another larger rope and a huge shell like sail covered the top of the boat like a parachute .
tr	NN	You secured the release of our friends , got Jacob past his fears to come to me and brought down David . "
tr	NN	Star gave a slight shrug , or as much of one as she could manage with Roark 's head on her .
tr	NN	" I don 't need saving , Ian . "
tr	NNS	Sam replaced the batteries for the 2nd time and checked the frequency again .
tr	NNS	I recognized the two EMTs , though I couldn 't recall their names .
tr	NN	He wore a simple leather vest over his burly chest and , true to report , his right hand ended in a claw like a crab 's .
tr	NNS	Plump and juicy strawberries , or even better , Miss Smith biting into said strawberries .
tr	NN	" Play much polo then ? "
tr	NN	Dunk could hear the soft crackle of the fire .
tr	NNS	Bits of silicon and copper filled our soft gray brains , and steel replaced our bones .
tr	NN	Around us , I felt the tingling of a banishing .
tr	NN	Neha noticed his discomfort and made an effort to allay his anxieties .
tr	NNS	I pick up the batteries , scrunching my forehead .
tr	NN	" Okay ... um ... Do you often force girls to invite you into their houses ? "
tr	NN	So we can cook the fish ?
tr	NNS	Future computers would utilize only light circuits , and interface with light transmission data systems .
tr	NNS	Looking down at his horse , and then up at the sky , Pierre answers , " I don 't teach commanders .
tr	NNS	They 'll respect deeds , Ethan , not words . "
tr	NNS	She 'd had such lofty expectations , such dreams .
tr	NN	I learned my lesson at his house that stormy night .
tr	NN	I wanted her respect .
tr	NNS	You make little jokes to yourself and you think no one else notices and you think you 're so smart .
tr	NN	I felt sorrow for the losses of the people I knew , and that is all . "
tr	NN	" If the men want him to stay then I ' ave broken no code .
tr	NNS	Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle noted the guards ' positions , and then they backed away and returned to the path .
tr	NNS	I have those bids on the concrete you wanted .
tr	NN	My mother had treatment once a week at the local hospital near the campus during my freshman year .
tr	NNS	" Just finding my business cards .
tr	NN	I thrust a wad of cloth in his hand .
tr	NN	She stuck the candle back in the candleholder .
tr	NN	More for defense than anything , he raised the katana .
tr	NN	She obviously held affection for the monster I was about to kill .
tr	NNS	Sand fills up my sandals and is cool against my skin .
tr	NN	My mom tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and looked at me with her warm , motherly smile .
tr	NN	It was more than just missing her uncle , though that was enough to make her chest ache like she would collapse in on herself .
tr	NN	Claire deserved the same fate .
tr	NNS	Laura takes a few more practice swings .
tr	NN	Echo could hardly stand all the suspense .
tr	NN	He closed his peephole .
tr	NNS	" Three billion dollars ! "
tr	NN	' You lack conviction and focus .
tr	NN	We heard the crackle of the fire being set , then the cries , and people started moving to the wall to see what were the matter .
tr	NN	The female sharing his mind lost consciousness , a mercy for both of them .
tr	NN	I felt the blood drain from my face .
tr	NN	It brightened my outlook considerably .
tr	NNS	She even rubbed her temples against the walls .
tr	NNS	" And you brought the cubs ? "
tr	NNS	When faced with any decision , she always weighed the pros and cons .
tr	NN	I felt a huge ache in the pit of my stomach .
tr	NNS	Moments later , the skinny guy shoves tubes into my nostrils and attaches a metal canister to the wheelchair .
tr	NN	She chose a package of shortbread cookies , cheese , and wheat crackers .
tr	NN	I cannot help the shudder that runs through me and Andrew draws me closer .
tr	NNS	Maybe one in eight will give you nightmares .
tr	NN	Her temper really fueled his lust .
tr	NNS	The look on her face spoke volumes to Mark .
tr	NNS	Would she like the studs ?
tr	NN	Her meddling had the potential to make everything worse , despite her obviously good intentions .
tr	NNS	Trey gave me several T-shirts with funny sayings and a gold chain made of delicate little interlocked hearts .
tr	NNS	Rolling my eyes , I skipped a few pages .
tr	NNS	All those rich folks down there are attracting all sorts of problems at a time like this .
tr	NN	I thought and raised my pistol , slightly .
tr	NN	Hunter looked up and down the runway and stuck his hands on his hips .
tr	NNS	Pardon my rudeness , love .
tr	NNS	Make that two points .
tr	NN	I wrapped a towel around me just as Nic appeared in the doorway .
tr	NN	" Um , I usually took a hot bath and cried my eyes out . "
tr	NN	I would call it a great favor if you would visit .
tr	NNS	" Stow your packs under my bunk for now .
tr	NNS	He was having nightly nightmares in which he finds the little girl on the bottom of the tub blowing bubbles .
tr	NN	She would not let the tall , good-looking madman see her cry .
tr	NN	I didn 't know the location , but I knew it had to be where they were keeping Kat .
tr	NNS	Jonas had his doubts about who was crazy and who wasn 't , but this wasn 't the time to explore them .
tr	NNS	She massaged her temples and groaned .
tr	NN	Even at three hundred yards , she recognized the light blue hull of the modified 747 .
tr	NNS	They do have some external connections which allow them to communicate with external computers on a limited basis .
tr	NNS	Then together , we brought our boards into shore to start the rest of our day .
tr	NNS	She had a few offers from some prestigious law firms .
tr	NN	Arthur kept the key tag and Peter 's recording ready at hand .
tr	NNS	She 'll have private rehearsals with him .
tr	NN	Slipping out of my Converse All Stars , I tossed my backpack onto my desk .
tr	NN	Then she dug her nail into his flesh .
tr	NN	Has he hired a lawyer for you ? "
tr	NNS	I won 't go blindly .
tr	NNS	asked Jess directly , as if she wanted to get straight to the point .
tr	NN	Rachel 's dreams all had a meaning , eventually leading Caroline to the journal .
tr	NN	She wanted revenge on her past and knew she had to get it , here and now .
tr	NNS	She braced her palms on the dashboard .
tr	NN	The vampire owed him a favor and , taking Jackson 's things with him , Sebastian would travel there once he had completed the cleanup .
tr	NN	He tipped the basket slightly , so she could see the contents inside of it .
tr	NNS	Why did you act clueless ? "
tr	NNS	The shine revealed three small figures slinking into his room .
tr	NNS	I had my doubts about his assessment , but I kept them to myself .
tr	NN	He had a long gray beard and burning eyes sunk deep in their sockets beneath bristling black eyebrows .
tr	NN	Perhaps she could have used the Power , but it felt right to use her hands for this .
tr	NN	Leaning in , his lips tickled my earlobe as he whispered , " Amazing .
tr	NNS	I grabbed my silver flip flops and dropped them to the floor .
tr	NNS	He could see shadowy figures moving in the darkness of the chamber , and there were more than he wanted to think about .
tr	NNS	Without instruments they only carried Little Spirit T-shirts .
tr	NN	Luc resisted the urge to slam the shaving mirror to the floor .
tr	NNS	" Mrs. Bidwell , I appreciate your efforts here , but I don 't believe I 'm going to need this after all .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	He removed the bindings on my hands , but I was still very wary . "
tr	NN	No matter who came into this room after Howard left , they faced a difficult task in trying to identify Richard Whiting .
tr	NNS	We have drugs that could cheat the pain as well as your magic , if it were not my business to bear it to the end .
tr	NN	He replaced the tape and sighed as Maya began struggling again .
tr	NNS	She 'd reap the benefits , too , in terms of taking on more vampire abilities .
tr	NN	He quickly turned the dial on the control module .
tr	NNS	" You have no rights , you damn glistening . "
tr	NNS	We can pin their mouths shut ! "
tr	NNS	We have some necklaces .
tr	NN	Another quick gust of wind tosses the rouge strand of hair over Link 's nose , bouncing off his cheek and landing on his ear lobe .
tr	NN	I caught a quick glimpse of Candy grinding on Trey in a dark corner .
tr	NN	I 'd forgone gold mining for hunting and provided deer and bear meat for the local community at Lytle Creek .
tr	NNS	But I have two conditions . "
tr	NNS	Parker walked Lucius to the door and with a slap on the shoulder , sent him on his way .
tr	NN	Clean , in jeans and a gray shirt , his washed hair a halo of damp gold .
tr	NN	She gave a pretty good speech .
tr	NN	He cut more rope , then laced the snowshoe to her right foot .
tr	NNS	As Trisha strolled down the path , she noticed the shrubs and trees , how they cast a shadowed claim on the ground she walked .
tr	NN	He swallowed a hard lump .
tr	NNS	But birds and fish had no leaders .
tr	NNS	Look , Sylvester 's starting the bids .
tr	NN	" See your folly ! "
tr	NN	The vampire stirred , a rippling of his cloak , a gnashing of his teeth .
tr	NN	" He needs a bath .
tr	NN	I upright , mouth spitting on the floor .
tr	NN	" Never marry a chef . "
tr	NNS	I passed the few houses between James 's house and mine and swung open our front gate ; nearly breaking it off .
tr	NN	Will gave the dog a quick pat .
tr	NNS	If I die in this battle , take my sons to France and put them under the care of Marie .
tr	NN	Her thumb resumed its soft massage of Hirata 's neck , smoothing out the moment 's tension .
tr	NN	He wore a green t-shirt and jeans which he 'd hitched up to his stomach .
tr	NN	He hit my uncle in the head with a war club when he was still in his bed .
tr	NN	" Yes , he has cancer .
tr	NNS	The sound of his voice worked wonders on her tired , achy muscles , especially her neck .
tr	NNS	How many victims had we 'd missed ?
tr	NNS	His tongue did a slow , silky caress along her finger , then reluctantly released her .
tr	NNS	Twenty-four The eerie music of the wind chimes rattled Gwen 's senses and sent slivers of ice across the back of her neck .
tr	NN	She did not leave her fate and flesh to the whims and whispers of others .
tr	NNS	I carefully put the items on the seat next to me and exhaled , gathering up the courage to tell him what I 'd planned on saying .
tr	NN	I put the backpack at her feet and got in the car .
tr	NN	Taylor and I wanted a romantic getaway , but also a fun place to visit .
tr	NN	Each vial contained a glowing white liquid that seemed to call out to him and have a consciousness of its own .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want your excuses .
tr	NNS	They 'd called EMTs and police .
tr	NNS	" Witness statements and traces of blood and skin on the talons of the bird lead detectives to believe the suspect has multiple lacerations across his face .
tr	NNS	" We 've got enough ingredients for one more batch .
tr	NNS	They 've got some serious issues . "
tr	NNS	It was like watching clay pigeons smashed by a sling 's stone then shatter into a million pieces .
tr	NN	... " " I don 't want your pity . "
tr	NNS	He bought two plastic cups of beer .
tr	NN	Immediately she tightened the lid and put the bottle back where she found it .
tr	NNS	A good party needs a few surprises .
tr	NN	If anything , I learned a valuable lesson that day .
tr	NNS	Drusilla told her sisters , " We are under attack and we don 't know by whom . "
tr	NN	Most of the time Sam portrayed a strong , confident persona , when in reality he was just a scared little kid .
tr	NNS	Hardly anything natural 's got wheels . "
tr	NNS	" You came close , " Trevor said encouragingly .
tr	NN	On top of the purr it gave off , it also had the deep growl of a vicious animal , warning that it was about to attack .
tr	NN	I see a small twitch in her eye and she tilts her head .
tr	NN	Jasper knew the jealousy for exactly what it was .
tr	NN	The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission .
tr	NN	Racking gasps shook his thin frame .
tr	NN	" We need an update from NASA -- " Gutierrez interrupted by diving across the table , reaching for Alexander .
tr	NNS	The Enemy also has many servants in the world who are undoubtedly working against us and against whom we must often fight .
tr	NNS	Kayla and I wash the dirty dishes over the kitchen sink .
tr	NN	In that momentary confusion , a pair of Secret Service agents who were in on the ruse hauled the president into one of the emergency vehicles .
tr	NNS	Pierce learned techniques in stalking prey ; within the forests on the manor grounds and by following unsuspecting townspeople in Rooks Bay .
tr	NN	" Why did you stay a bird ?
tr	NN	He could feel her tremble in answer .
tr	NNS	" I 'll call if anything changes in his condition .
tr	NNS	" You have full angel abilities .
tr	NN	Not too full , he amended his assessment , but full enough to fit nicely in his hands .
tr	NNS	Her grin turned sly .
tr	NN	As she continues along her trek she notices a large pier lined with elaborate wrought iron lamps .
tr	NN	I smiled weakly and shyly , dreading where our conversation was heading to .
tr	NNS	" Don 't tell me the swarms have auditory sensors , too . "
tr	NN	" You look smashing . "
tr	NNS	You have certain connections .
tr	NNS	Ours has three different-sized cogs , so you can set it to different speeds .
tr	NN	The moment her foot hit the dirt , a flash of white caught the periphery of her vision .
tr	NN	I stifled my childish jealousy .
tr	NN	Ariel gave a dismissive shrug of her shoulders .
tr	NNS	We checked out our meals .
tr	NNS	She loved the British mince pies .
tr	NN	Alexander put his backpack on and dusted himself off .
tr	NN	he said absently , his attention on getting the music he 'd dreamed onto paper .
tr	NNS	It cost a thousand dollars to play , but the winner walked away with the hotel , restaurant and bar .
tr	NNS	Filled with dread at what might 've happened or would happen to Dak , he grabbed the reins and pulled back , too much too fast .
tr	NN	Paul didn 't have the patience for this .
tr	NNS	Her mother didn 't do rituals .
tr	NNS	" You have babies , ja like your sister ? "
tr	NN	I yanked the pen out of my mouth and gave her a reassuring smile .
tr	NNS	He made some key strokes and waited .
tr	NN	I don 't see any harm in having some fun while carrying them out . "
tr	NN	She turned the gem back over as she fought her rising terror .
tr	NN	Sliding her hand across his chest she found his nipple , a taut pebble on a solid wall of muscle .
tr	NN	She was sporting a low cut green gown which clung to her curves as if the fabric was soaking wet .
tr	NNS	We harvest twenty-seven primary molecules .
tr	NNS	" Charleston has amazing beaches and barrier islands , not as mountainous as the seaside here , but no less awesome .
tr	NNS	" I promise , I won 't hurt you , " he swore fervently .
tr	NNS	" Since we 're going to be working together , why don 't we ditch the formalities ? "
tr	NNS	When not caring for his fellow soldiers , he assisted the two Polish physicians .
tr	NNS	The man landed a few inches on my face looking at his right .
tr	NN	He intercepted her pacing by putting a hand on each of her shoulders .
tr	NNS	It took me centuries to reach an impasse with them and I like our cold war a little too much to jeopardize it for you . "
tr	NNS	Since they would be moving within a matter of days , she only removed items she 'd be needing .
tr	NNS	" We can make monthly payments to him on the rest , which is actually more my bill than yours . "
tr	NNS	He cups my breasts , squeezing them until my whole body is aching with desire .
tr	NNS	The zealous threw more and more items in as it blazed , seeming to have a never ending supply .
tr	NN	Father takes a second vial from his vest pocket , and I snatch it .
tr	NN	" They preach patience while our citizens starve !
tr	NNS	" Trained attack bats ? "
tr	NNS	Well , I just didn 't have my scales handy .
tr	NN	At the same time , it delays the removal of the mucus by retarding the action of the ciliated lining of the bronchial tubes .
tr	NNS	She pulls down his boxers with one hand while she violently rips down her matching yellow and white panties with her other .
tr	NNS	They proposed all sorts of solutions , except there weren 't actually any problems . "
tr	NN	Or a good actress ?
tr	NNS	Gray wanted everybody 's fingerprints all over this case .
tr	NNS	They have families ... . "
tr	NNS	I have an octopus to investigate . "
tr	NN	He dumped some shampoo in his palm and then worked it into my hair , massaging my scalp and making me purr .
tr	NNS	As they exited the gate , a farmer hawked vegetables to passersby .
tr	NNS	The Fae will defeat your Shifters , strengthen the magic of the Collars , and settle down to breed even more captive Shifters .
tr	NN	He turned and headed back down the hill and then took the path in the opposite direction .
tr	NN	I have a good trust fund .
tr	NNS	I knew the dangers . "
tr	NNS	If I 'm right , drop your shields and you 'll see . "
tr	NNS	I caught bits and pieces .
tr	NN	" Because fear is a two edged sword , it can cause obedience or its opposite , revolution .
tr	NNS	Tori Troxel stuck her altered breasts in the direction of Ethan 's eyes and managed a smile in spite of what had to be the Botox .
tr	NN	" We 've surpassed our goal .
tr	NN	Furnace put the port on the table and took the tray instead .
tr	NNS	I don 't use credit cards , but if you want something I 'll buy it .
tr	NN	Gray risked a fast peek around the rear bumper .
tr	NNS	She wasn 't taking any chances , no matter how hot he was .
tr	NNS	After applying lip stain to my lips , I left my chambers in search of my mother .
tr	NNS	" Taking a human life , or any being of light , would cause all other wizards to have visions of the act .
tr	NNS	" Why did you start emailing Jess a month ago ? "
tr	NNS	Who wears six different pairs of shoes in a weekend ? "
tr	NN	Apparently someone blew up your neighbor 's condo and it took out half of yours as well . "
tr	NNS	Charles Babbage made several designs for this machine before he died , but it was never built .
tr	NNS	I actually know experts on this sort of thing and it sounds like a viable possibility .
tr	NN	I had a large patch of rock to work with outside as well , and over the years , I created a jeweled garden .
tr	NN	There had been razor wire between them then .
tr	NN	He took another handful of nuts then headed for the gate .
tr	NN	Past it lay a cluster of buildings .
tr	NN	Jeanne passed the Shroud to her granddaughter , Margaret , who having no suitable heir , sold It to the House of Savoy . '
tr	NN	Does 156 one of you guys have a compact ?
tr	NNS	The fact that Tamara had quickly developed a rapport with him spoke volumes .
tr	NN	I never heard the tape . "
tr	NNS	She had always made excuses about them which he tended to believe , particularly concerning her experiences with Sir George .
tr	NNS	Luckily , because he knew it would hurt Blake terribly , he had never tried drugs as a way of coping with his depression .
tr	NN	" But once faerie has chosen a spouse , then ... " Rhys began .
tr	NN	The gang of thieves , led , as it turned out , by the butler , had arranged an elaborate scheme to carry off these artworks .
tr	NN	She deserved a medal for ignoring all of it .
tr	NN	She wiggled on the sofa , completely forgetting the hunger that had driven her out of bed earlier .
tr	NN	When he nodded I put the lid back on .
tr	NNS	While out of sight from his vantage point , the glow of the fires below lit up the clouds in the sky .
tr	NNS	Please offer my apologies to Hunter for not showing up at Gerry 's , and don 't get too carried away with him . "
tr	NN	" Sure thing hon , be right back . "
tr	NN	Led by the maid , the three travellers descended a wide staircase directly into the main room of the house .
tr	NN	Using both hands , she carefully squeezed homemade whipped cream from a cone-shaped bag , unable to stop thinking about the guy at the gym .
tr	NNS	' You did not exaggerate your abilities .
tr	NN	" Come have some hot chocolate and coffee before you head out . "
tr	NN	How could they stand the brew ?
tr	NN	He shook off his trance .
tr	NNS	He could feel the ragged breaths shaking her before she said , " I 've been searching for this for so long . "
tr	NN	I let my inner dialogue take over for my lack of ability to speak aloud .
tr	NNS	" This place gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	You can make arrangements after you have arrived . "
tr	NN	" Accelerate the options purchase .
tr	NN	For piercing the veil between the worlds .
tr	NNS	But you see the difficulties . "
tr	NN	" And I 'd make people plant one rutabaga seed for every rutabaga they dug up . "
tr	NN	The automaton uttered a guttural growl .
tr	NN	" The absence of resistance has created a terrible suspense among my soldiers .
tr	NN	We left the casserole on her front porch and when I drove by later , I saw that it was gone .
tr	NN	Todd faked a sympathetic pout .
tr	NN	Surely you have equipment which can tell us more about the contents than Cartwright 's hand scanner .
tr	NNS	But in truth , the drugs had set their brains into such an altered state of reality that their spirits were distracted and had turned inward .
tr	NN	" And then he just gave you a huge chunk of money ? "
tr	NN	Take revenge for Micah 's attack .
tr	NNS	Ryan could not even reach his men 's packs and extra ammo .
tr	NN	" We have an inventor .
tr	NNS	" Please convey my apologies to the Senator that I could not act without confirming his orders .
tr	NNS	They did not have any activities in common .
tr	NN	" Don 't you see this uniform I 'm wearing ? "
tr	NN	He adjusted the brim of his hat .
tr	NN	Someone , or something , was running along the rooftop , toward the end of the roof above Bax 's head .
tr	NNS	The people who went on these foraging missions were battle hardened veterans .
tr	NNS	Since I had no hope of catching her , I tucked my knives up my sleeves and hurried back to the main deck .
tr	NN	" I adore her too , Mama . "
tr	NN	I 've learned my lesson ... one of them , anyway . "
tr	NNS	But every family had its bad apples .
tr	NN	" But now that I think of it , she couldn 't have a granddaughter .
tr	NN	The man had an overwhelming task coming up with a dead body every month .
tr	NNS	" Can I borrow fifty cents ? "
tr	NN	Both groaned their displeasure as the sun rose and the light which came with it inched its way into the room through the cracks in the drapes .
tr	NNS	" I 'm still calling the shots as much as ever , along with Ridley , Stacks and Young of course .
tr	NN	The armrest on the couch made a lousy pillow .
tr	NNS	Through his ears , she heard his heavy breaths .
tr	NN	" They complete the outfit . "
tr	NN	Jones offered a snap judgement .
tr	NN	We received a significant contribution under the government 's ' Big Society ' plan .
tr	NN	" On second thought , make that two dozen . "
tr	NN	If I let these Danes go , they 'll tell my uncle what has happened here at home .
tr	NN	She gave her trademark snort .
tr	NN	Robert held the splintered staff bravely , having no idea what to do now .
tr	NNS	In his panic , he sent messengers to all corners of the land but in vain as he already knew that his beloved companions had all disappeared .
tr	NNS	I put my cards down on the table .
tr	NN	No human had even discovered the location of one .
tr	NN	" Don 't tell anybody what I said , all right ? "
tr	NN	I didn 't realize the warrant was still active , though . "
tr	NNS	You have connections . "
tr	NNS	In the distance , etched black against the cloudy sky , he saw the buildings of St Petersburg .
tr	NNS	Not that he could conquer all his fears and anxieties but he had better control over his fears .
tr	NN	Maybe I 'll make jewelry .
tr	NNS	He bought two arrangements .
tr	NNS	I have all the skills I need to set myself up as a financial consultant to small businesses .
tr	NNS	And then it was raining bricks .
tr	NN	Without anyone knowing , he stored the painting in the attic .
tr	NNS	Did you just ruin your chances with the board ?
tr	NN	Inside they see the equipment on the floor , still securely wrapped for transit .
tr	NNS	Cassandra tucked stray hairs back into her braid .
tr	NN	I 'm crushing her small frame as the missile detonates behind us , showering the sky with light and sand in the dead of the night .
tr	NNS	He gave the jury these account numbers , and the names of the banks .
tr	NN	With expert precision , he tosses the football to me .
tr	NNS	Harvey pulled the creases up on his trousers .
tr	NNS	When she 'd twisted them in my grasp , she 'd turned her palms up to me .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to stand taller and push out my boobs .
tr	NN	His research had the potential to protect many species against the ravages to come , but his work was still in its early stages .
tr	NN	Mother found this punishment too harsh so she talked father into letting her go .
tr	NN	If it proves to be too difficult or dangerous , we have the option to abort the mission .
tr	NN	Then Neil could set his trap .
tr	NNS	Don 't think I haven 't noticed your thieving colleagues kept my daggers . "
tr	NNS	He took three deep breaths and said , ' Stay here ! '
tr	NNS	" Very well then , if that is what you wish ; let 's go , Orrick , we 've got some dragons to slay ! "
tr	NNS	He took slow , steady breaths .
tr	NNS	Daniel and Rachel took their plates and loaded up with food .
tr	NNS	" You don 't have a million bucks . "
tr	NNS	The fish warriors wore heavy metal necklaces .
tr	NN	She checked her email but no messages .
tr	NNS	So the babies stole bites from the pile of gunk in front of their mother .
tr	NN	With barely a pause to consider what he was doing , he grabbed the railing with both hands and vaulted it in one clean movement .
tr	NNS	Maya , with Sphinx in her lap , played cards with Nicolas while waiting for Dmitri to find something .
tr	NN	" Have a little more faith in me than that .
tr	NN	After enduring many lifetimes I no longer found joy in living .
tr	NNS	Instead he placed his palms on her hips , ran them up to her bra and pinched .
tr	NN	Obviously , Sam , or Cameron , possibly both , had expressed their displeasure at his tone .
tr	NN	He placed the casserole inside the microwave , his only concession to new appliances when he 'd moved in .
tr	NN	" The rooms aren 't that much different from the English ones , they just don 't have electricity .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to tuck her stray hairs behind her ear .
tr	NN	I gave a lopsided shrug .
tr	NNS	Opening it , he removed various items placing them in his coat pockets .
tr	NN	He saw Vasile sleeping soundly in a bed across the room from him and was able to recount how he 'd arrived there .
tr	NN	With Scarlett and her oversize attitude hovering in her face now , she had the urge to lash out at her .
tr	NN	" Called plant ? "
tr	NN	He gave a rousing speech and concluded with great thanks to all those who supported him .
tr	NNS	I see seven figures as they stand on the ledges of the opening in the giant spacecraft and then the enemies drop to the ground .
tr	NN	I should be sharing their grief in the office .
tr	NN	By calling ahead of time , he was showing me some respect .
tr	NNS	" I 'm betting at least fifty bucks that he does until he passes out . "
tr	NNS	His idea would save millions .
tr	NN	Cohen pulled the gag off the minstrel 's mouth .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes and fanned herself .
tr	NN	" You need a lawyer ? "
tr	NNS	Then we have identical twins , which are not so common .
tr	NNS	I grabbed his briefs and pulled them down his legs , and then he kicked them off his feet .
tr	NNS	" My liege , I appreciate thine sincerest efforts with all my heart and soul .
tr	NNS	As they rode off and for long after , Eadie regaled her companions with the wonderful tales of healing she learned from the old mother .
tr	NNS	I gave him fifty bucks for the car and they walked off .
tr	NNS	" We 'll be winding spells around the building to make the witches weak and indecisive .
tr	NNS	" And even if it 's true , even if I do have really good instincts about people , what 's it to you ? "
tr	NNS	" I could use a bath , " Liz added her own complaints .
tr	NNS	She 'd made varsity teams during her first year and won all sorts of awards .
tr	NNS	Is it true he eats large dogs ? "
tr	NN	I got the meaning and felt myself nod way , way back there on that rock dome , high above Skull Island .
tr	NN	They have amassed a fortune through mining and real estate .
tr	NNS	If we had , we would taken preventive measures . "
tr	NN	I kept up the glare but ratcheted it up as high as I could take it .
tr	NNS	" She doesn 't often let new members into her gang , and she is extremely territorial .
tr	NNS	They provided personal drivers who were really bodyguards , and closets that doubled as panic rooms .
tr	NN	Probably both , and particularly the latter , given Jon 's reputation as someone who slept with half of Hollywood 's A-List .
tr	NNS	I lifted the covers and thanked God that he was wearing boxers , then crawled in , and pulled him into an embrace .
tr	NNS	But her mind could be playing tricks on her .
tr	NN	She turned the dial , and let the water fall and wash it away .
tr	NN	So why had she given him her virginity ?
tr	NNS	" You don 't do surprises very well , do you ? "
tr	NNS	He drained his wineglass , and the ever attentive waiter came and refilled it for him .
tr	NNS	He paid Henry a few hundred dollars a month in rent , and they split most of the utilities .
tr	NNS	You make teams and then -- " One of the boys didn 't wait to hear what I had to say .
tr	NN	I could see the terror in her eyes , the indecision .
tr	NNS	The upper floor 's hall went both directions .
tr	NN	I swallowed the hard lump in my throat .
tr	NN	The metal tip struck the curtain rod overhead .
tr	NNS	They gave her psychotropic drugs at regular intervals .
tr	NNS	Did any of the other Cullens have extra talents ?
tr	NNS	I saw their reflections in the bus window .
tr	NNS	" Nice wheels . "
tr	NN	In her arms she carries some material screwed up in a tight ball .
tr	NN	Aunt Caroline was only bringing the jewelry as an excuse to come .
tr	NNS	He slung both our backpacks over one shoulder before walking to the door and holding it open for me .
tr	NN	I quickly grabbed a towel to wipe my hands , emerging from the kitchen with it still damp in my hands .
tr	NN	Get proof that she was a smuggler and thief .
tr	NN	I admired her talent .
tr	NN	" Fuck it , " Brent said , and went to apartment 310 , tried the knob .
tr	NNS	Even a touch of country air was doing wonders for Violet .
tr	NN	Abby adjusted her long gown .
tr	NN	He was speaking a language with his hands that her heart and soul seemed to know and understand .
tr	NNS	Thick oriental rugs lined the golden , highly glossed wooden floors as he passed his brothers ' offices .
tr	NN	You could strip paint with that stuff . "
tr	NNS	" Raising the dead brings up serious monkey 's paw issues , definitely .
tr	NNS	Ezio urged the citizens as they rushed into the dark maw of the tunnel .
tr	NN	" I forgot protection .
tr	NNS	Some days I fear fires .
tr	NN	" Levitate , use wind currents , make a rope of magic .
tr	NN	He obeyed my command with alacrity , and dragged me with him , speaking rapidly in English punctuated with Spanish .
tr	NNS	" But a thespian , treading the boards of the intricate saga of this life .
tr	NN	Dax summarized the standard introduction to understanding AI .
tr	NN	Her cloak covered her outfit , but Fin still saw the sway of her hips and the long length of her legs .
tr	NN	" You want some candy ? "
tr	NNS	" Starting in August you 'll have weekly meetings with me and the coaching staff .
tr	NN	" I , um ... " Scratching my head , I offered a tiny shrug .
tr	NNS	" Need provisions ? "
tr	NN	Sam tossed the towel into the laundry bin before grabbing another one to towel off his face again .
tr	NNS	These are staggering numbers .
tr	NNS	" He makes the big bucks because his arm is golden .
tr	NNS	" We can walk the dogs after we eat if we take them down the street .
tr	NN	" Yeah , I saw the dialogue .
tr	NN	Alice edges a small , flat , very dark pancake off the pan .
tr	NN	If we 'd killed him , we could have claimed credit for his demise and it would have served our purpose .
tr	NNS	We took some chances .
tr	NNS	But after a few minutes , she quickened her strokes .
tr	NNS	She blinked her eyelashes at me rapidly .
tr	NN	How long could she keep up this charade without losing herself ?
tr	NNS	Chloe raised her palms in a halting gesture .
tr	NNS	" Save your pathetic little jokes for someone else . "
tr	NN	' But all aircraft have rear view mirrors ' Sally moaned .
tr	NN	She ignored both towel and stinging .
tr	NN	My eyes caught glimpse of hers , and hers of mine .
tr	NN	Mira understood logic , but she had no words for this logic because she had never been taught .
tr	NN	But I 'd finally gotten my revenge when I shoved my knife through the bitch 's black heart back in the winter .
tr	NN	" Well , you single-handedly changed the fate of your world .
tr	NNS	" Yes , I mean the ghosts .
tr	NNS	" I have excellent time management skills .
tr	NNS	I press my palms to my eyes .
tr	NNS	The exhilaration of seeing someone -- a live person -- smashed his loneliness like an apple hitting a semi .
tr	NN	MaryAnn felt the talons digging deep ; she could even hear the sound of flesh and fur being torn from the wolf .
tr	NN	" You get more pity when you 're crippled like that . "
tr	NN	Was he going to come back and reprimand her for violating his privacy ?
tr	NNS	Jeff made some grumbling noises .
tr	NNS	I hold my palms up to her and give her as innocent of a look as I can .
tr	NNS	She could barely stem her starved hormones on a crowded flight line .
tr	NN	You 've got a wonderful set-up here .
tr	NNS	Looking up in total confusion , I saw the crowds of old human warriors pointing their waxy fingers at me scornfully while laughing their heads off .
tr	NNS	I heard the adults discussing this over coffee before sunrise , and I almost panicked .
tr	NN	Pickering , on the other hand , had an unlimited budget .
tr	NNS	We just witnessed the first shots fired in a revolution !
tr	NN	Then the president gave a speech .
tr	NN	Katherine perhaps detected his chin quiver .
tr	NNS	" At least I recognize my shortcomings .
tr	NNS	She raised her palms upward .
tr	NNS	I had a dozen responses lined up for just about anything I thought he might say .
tr	NNS	I could sense the babies in a faraway way , but it wasn 't the same as hearing from someone they were okay .
tr	NNS	They quickly stuffed their cameras into their fanny packs and started looking for a way of escape .
tr	NN	That fate awaits grandpa .
tr	NNS	" You catch more bees with honey . "
tr	NN	The cool , dim interior of the Hill Country Pizza and Pasta Parlor finally brought Grace a welcome reprieve from the heat .
tr	NN	The guy owed me a favor . "
tr	NN	He led the first crow and took careful aim .
tr	NN	The usually calm Lucien uttered a low growl .
tr	NNS	He bared fangs , two long ones in the front .
tr	NNS	It will net us an annual thirty million dollars .
tr	NNS	He applied the same concepts to the boys , efficiently organizing their activities while giving them the encouragement to keep going .
tr	NNS	He marched around the shelves , creased brow , trying to sniff it out .
tr	NN	" Such as one person buying an entire litter of puppies .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any more meetings and seeing as you 're already here ... how about I make things up to you . '
tr	NN	" But the front desk should have the info .
tr	NNS	" He 's been giving ' em hand signals .
tr	NNS	" My daughter doesn 't do drugs .
tr	NNS	I kick off my sandals and wade out .
tr	NNS	It will save our own supplies " then , checking the gauge on his left wrist " Looks good .
tr	NN	He smiled right back , no longer the least bit self-conscious about his teeth , his face , or his eyes .
tr	NN	' You don 't have a pension ? '
tr	NNS	Shay and I have our suspicions , but without proof we can 't do anything , and that is all they are right now .
tr	NN	I can 't kill the troll .
tr	NNS	On the other side of the bar a dwarf was playing cards with three humans , and winning by the sounds of his raucous peals of laughter .
tr	NNS	She wore business suits .
tr	NNS	I heard someone yell .
tr	NNS	The forest stopped a few yards from the pyramid 's bottom step .
tr	NNS	The family doesn 't exactly need a few crappy gold coins . "
tr	NNS	" You didn 't fill out the forms - that 's settled .
tr	NNS	They 're carrying cameras .
tr	NN	Kaitlyn ordered orange juice .
tr	NNS	He watched the swallows , thinking how thick the animal population was .
tr	NNS	I just promised you another fifty dates .
tr	NNS	He declined all offers of royalty and humbly begged them not to exalt him as a god .
tr	NNS	" No , I expect delays with a group this big .
tr	NNS	I would never make unsubstantiated claims . "
tr	NN	His feet smashed the pavement , and he seemed to be running faster than his shoes could keep up .
tr	NNS	He cursed his own actions .
tr	NN	Bela Lou was reading a magazine .
tr	NNS	" Then you conjured up tiny needles and threw them at us .
tr	NNS	I exited the tunnels and headed toward the wall .
tr	NNS	She loved these chairs .
tr	NN	Grant gave a yawn of his own .
tr	NN	He knew his duty .
tr	NNS	If the business were located 10 miles further west , he would easily fetch a million dollars for the place .
tr	NN	Maybe I don 't have enough faith .
tr	NNS	" Some immortals wait centuries to find one , and some never find one at all . "
tr	NN	" Thank you , Corporal . "
tr	NNS	A blue Ford Taurus and old maroon Nissan Stanza separated the two vans .
tr	NN	They exchanged a brief handshake while Hannah led the way into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	As someone who 'd created and commanded his own empire , he possessed powers of almost inhuman efficiency , of limitless and levelheaded intervention .
tr	NN	The prince wore a golden crown upon his neat hair , and she had to concede that he looked rather regal .
tr	NN	" So , is Hugo your nemesis ? "
tr	NNS	She turned her palms upward .
tr	NN	He didn 't quite pull off the nonchalant attitude .
tr	NNS	I can 't hand out extras to anyone .
tr	NNS	I heard the howls .
tr	NNS	Patterns in Religious Life Observing religion across many cultures yields certain common themes and activity patterns .
tr	NNS	" I want daily reports .
tr	NN	But it did no good to second-guess fate .
tr	NN	The events of the last few weeks had shown the depth of his feelings for me , and I returned them just as strongly .
tr	NNS	I tightened my thighs .
tr	NN	He couldn 't hold a candle to Domenico 's swoon-worthy looks as far as Misty was concerned .
tr	NNS	Everyone who tried to deny her point of view had these convenient arguments .
tr	NNS	I should have remembered those defenses .
tr	NN	He caught her yawning as he filled her cup .
tr	NN	said the Dean sarcastically .
tr	NN	Seth fished the medallion out of his emergency kit and slipped it around his neck .
tr	NN	Does he have e-mail ? "
tr	NNS	" Kick their butts ! "
tr	NNS	And he has Templar connections . "
tr	NNS	Stubbs muttered something indistinguishable , and Grey bent , grasping him by the hair , and pulled his head up .
tr	NNS	In fact ... find more babies .
tr	NNS	Mary straightened the covers .
tr	NNS	Yup , a neighbor has gnomes , and maybe a hobbit house for a mailbox .
tr	NNS	I mean , I know bits and pieces but I have big gaps .
tr	NNS	The light of the huge moon - if it was a moon - had by now illuminated his surroundings almost as clearly as if it were day .
tr	NNS	My heart was skipping beats , and I couldn 't breathe .
tr	NNS	" As you may have guessed by now , Vampires have two forms .
tr	NNS	He flipped pages and pages of documents , hitting the high points of the legalities , collecting her signatures where necessary .
tr	NN	Because she didn 't really mean it , for one thing , and because he didn 't deserve such a crushing rejection , for another .
tr	NNS	I have some extras , but you might want some different vegetables than I 've got .
tr	NNS	My eyes skim the pedestrians and the storefronts along both sides , many of which appear to be galleries .
tr	NNS	" Only bits and pieces .
tr	NNS	My ears hear slaps , grunts , and heaves over my skull .
tr	NNS	" Imagine centuries of belief , of worship , of faith from all of the people attending a church .
tr	NN	Karma met the cackling jack and took away its flight .
tr	NN	He rounds the front bumper and attacks .
tr	NNS	In the next few days Black Beard and his crew take several ships in the same manner as they did with the Dutch .
tr	NN	He heard the rattle of keys , and the door swung open , admitting a petite girl with long red hair and a brilliant smile .
tr	NN	" Fifty-five percent capacity . "
tr	NN	I keep my glare on as he gets out and walks to the passenger side and taps on the window .
tr	NNS	Yellow and white garlands wrapped around the pillars , covered the altar and filled big vases in full view of the congregation .
tr	NN	I pull out the offending item and place it on my lap .
tr	NNS	Making his meals and baking his bread . "
tr	NNS	They 'd just fired shots .
tr	NN	Like a fish in the sea . "
tr	NN	She offered a reassuring pat on my knee .
tr	NN	Although he 's not officially giving me the cold shoulder , I can definitely feel the arctic breeze .
tr	NNS	She had no doubts that the two men would tear apart the town trying to find them .
tr	NNS	She kicked her sandals and panties out of the way , and stood nak * d before him in the bright sunlight streaming through the windows .
tr	NNS	Sergeant Todd paused a few paces away , snarled , and then started forward again .
tr	NNS	Then he smiled slyly .
tr	NNS	Living heroes , not dead boys ! "
tr	NN	Along the interior walls , history 's greatest works of art stood silent vigil over the proceedings .
tr	NN	You gave him your virginity and actually experienced the touch for the first time .
tr	NNS	She liked her new apprentices very much , and if she were honest , she liked the attention they gave her too .
tr	NN	Can you find a crowbar anywhere ?
tr	NNS	He 'd given her the cards to amuse herself with .
tr	NN	He got the impression she was making her body accessible on purpose , and decided he 'd given her all the comfort he could .
tr	NNS	I 'm simply giving us all the best chances possible .
tr	NN	She noticed an old clock on the tower that had stopped sometime in history at three thirty .
tr	NN	Stepping out of the shower and quickly toweling off , I grabbed a comb off the vanity and ran in through my long hair .
tr	NN	" You do a favor for me , and I will do one for you .
tr	NNS	Friends had been lost , deeds done that I wished I 'd never had to do .
tr	NN	could scarcely hold a pencil or turn a page .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to swim , something only my brother had been able to inspire me to do as a child .
tr	NN	So empty , so much like a void .
tr	NNS	Mom and I sipped our coffees in silence , facing each other at the tiny table in our tiny kitchen .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , his brothers dissipated their powers in endless intrigues .
tr	NN	I let out a groan of desperation , my lips inches away from his .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't afford the remaining mortgage payments .
tr	NN	You have a greater destiny .
tr	NN	She tucked the blouse under her arm .
tr	NNS	By Monday morning , Ryland was regretting his actions even more .
tr	NN	Felix brushed Ian 's announcement off .
tr	NNS	Sunlight glinted off their spiked helmets and the fixed bayonets on the rifles slung over their shoulders .
tr	NN	The side of my face hits the cold pavement as I peer under the machine , searching for a glint of silver .
tr	NN	He opened his magazine and began to read .
tr	NNS	Hawthorne has broken hearts from all over England .
tr	NNS	The Turkish soldiers had dug extensive tunnels under the city 's walls during the Ottoman siege .
tr	NN	" Fuck , " I heard Tony mutter off to the side .
tr	NN	Nan gave her a pat on the rump and she trundled off across the field .
tr	NN	She rubbed her knuckles across her cheek , no doubt remembering the path her friend had licked out on the dance floor .
tr	NNS	" And I got some sweet samples for my bowl .
tr	NNS	Or at least you have your assumptions . "
tr	NN	He wet a cloth with warm water and cleaned her face gently .
tr	NN	He shrugged off her rejection .
tr	NN	But , at the very least , we could prevent further harm to our Time on Earth .
tr	NN	The most casual background check had returned a screaming verdict .
tr	NNS	We design custom weddings . "
tr	NN	Now Izzy showed true annoyance .
tr	NN	I risked a quick peek .
tr	NN	I didn 't give her enough credit , though .
tr	NN	You still haven 't given me any good reasons babe . "
tr	NNS	God hears our prayers here .
tr	NN	With a swift swing he struck the intruder in the back of the head , dropping him to his knees .
tr	NN	I dropped the rope and stood up straight .
tr	NNS	Razvan was understanding and helped me with the conversion , but both of us knew , we couldn 't keep that many wolves .
tr	NNS	I dumped the pages on the desk again and rubbed my face .
tr	NNS	I bared my fangs and hissed .
tr	NNS	Dangerous pathogens , illegal goods , wanted criminals and the whole lot ; nothing gets off until everything checks out .
tr	NNS	They could have found her fingerprints .
tr	NN	" Well , no one feels this much physical attraction without some kind of enhancement . "
tr	NNS	" They will gather all helpers and both arrive . "
tr	NNS	A lot of people were called witches and burned to death .
tr	NN	She could hear the flaming wreckage gurgling and sputtering as it sank , being dragged away from the Goya by the heavy currents .
tr	NN	Chills roll up my spine at his words and their meaning .
tr	NN	And you might have wanted bloody revenge against those people who tortured you .
tr	NNS	She scanned the pages , gasping , her pupils dilating and turning white with visions .
tr	NNS	And , yes , okay , maybe I did have some cameras set at your place , but it was just so I could watch you !
tr	NNS	They place some warm soda cans we bought from the front desk into the bucket to chill .
tr	NN	He stepped around the statue and took another swing at me , forcing me to back up .
tr	NNS	They had powers to compel a sale . "
tr	NN	I read a small article in a trade journal a while back .
tr	NNS	" I accept your terms , but don 't try to weasel out of this by finding an impossible woman .
tr	NNS	Others had brought their dogs , some of them barking and playing down near the surf .
tr	NN	He met no resistance .
tr	NN	Connie and I took the dingy , rigged the sail , and headed into the Custom 's wharf .
tr	NN	He didn 't hide his jealousy well .
tr	NN	Petty crimes and not bowing low enough to the High Priestess brought such punishment .
tr	NN	She gave his arm another pat .
tr	NN	I could see the paddock and the stables from the kitchen window .
tr	NNS	" Damn , " Liz studied the blades with increasing apprehension .
tr	NNS	They 'd left the carpet layers inside , ripping up bloodied carpet and padding .
tr	NN	Mrs Scully saw good fortune and many children and long , happy marriages ahead for everyone .
tr	NN	Della made a gesture over her heart .
tr	NNS	My feet had grown concrete blocks , and just when I thought I couldn 't go another step , I saw the chaplain .
tr	NNS	" Worm should infect all computer systems within two hours .
tr	NNS	Sighing with contentment , I pulled up the blinds letting sunlight stream into the room .
tr	NN	The feeling of his soft lips sent a warm sensation through my blood .
tr	NN	I was stealing his logic ?
tr	NNS	Girls put all sorts of weird things on their skin and in their hair .
tr	NNS	" I 've got some errands to run today .
tr	NNS	He also made some quick but costly adjustments to the passenger list , moving two additional travelers to another of his ships .
tr	NN	Tara turned her glare on him and answered , " You tried to kill me . "
tr	NNS	I felt the tiny hairs on the back of my neck raise .
tr	NN	Not that he discounted her fury .
tr	NN	Her own actions of heavy drinking throughout the evening only confirmed the trap she 'd now set for herself .
tr	NNS	I finally admitted my own doubts .
tr	NN	She unrolled some plastic wrap and stretched it out over and over to distract her thoughts .
tr	NN	Now I was wearing my school uniform , and my hair was neatly combed and hanging down my back again .
tr	NN	" I read your file .
tr	NNS	On the alert now , he scanned the surrounding areas for signs of an enemy .
tr	NNS	" Including new clients . "
tr	NNS	Within five days of his death , I 'd heard a thousand versions of the story in the school halls .
tr	NN	Unless , of course , it might cause a problematic ripple in future events . "
tr	NNS	Before we could answer , a dozen monks bustled up bearing cloths , boiled water and medical tools .
tr	NNS	With that , she jerked the reins and turned Demon , prodding him into a canter .
tr	NN	" I am sorry my lord .
tr	NN	The more intelligent a droid is the more they develop their own personality .
tr	NN	But I took his advice and pressed the cloth to my face .
tr	NNS	I can heal remotely , telepathically I suppose you 'd say . "
tr	NN	For example , I just joined a really bizarre coven with members of every supernatural race . "
tr	NNS	After they had finished eating , a porter - the first Matthew had seen since boarding the train - came and cleared away the empty dishes .
tr	NNS	Then I slowly glance around my surroundings taking in the beach spread out all around me .
tr	NN	For one reason or another , she was spared the fate that befell the three of us .
tr	NNS	I help families when they go out of town , if a neighbor can 't .
tr	NNS	He pulled the hides back over them .
tr	NN	He coughed a little hoarsely .
tr	NNS	His eyes flash dangerously and for a moment I am afraid that I went too far .
tr	NN	He felt her stiffen , then scream as the orgasm washed through her and pulled out , spilling his seed across her belly .
tr	NN	I continued my upward climb .
tr	NN	' Bad timing . '
tr	NN	But my next dinner will include a rare steak .
tr	NNS	Claudette loved the roses .
tr	NN	" Deep breaths honey .
tr	NN	But she couldn 't find the proof she needed if she never tried .
tr	NNS	Then he withdrew his fangs and began to suck .
tr	NN	Below on the house door the lock rusted , tarnish covered the brass knocker , and grass began to grow between the stone stairs .
tr	NN	" You take all the joy out of life , Beth . "
tr	NNS	Merlin lifted his haunches , his tail whipping across Trevor 's face .
tr	NNS	" But how does he find his victims ? "
tr	NNS	Guy holds his palms up and gives a small shrug .
tr	NN	The clay sat , a dead lump in his hand .
tr	NN	" I 'm not giving you fashion advice , Princess .
tr	NN	We must defend , option three it is . "
tr	NN	At the prison office , she signed one document after another and took the two hundred dollars that was her exit money from the state .
tr	NN	She wanted an update ; Dave wanted to know how her tennis match with Jill went .
tr	NNS	I could imagine the apologies and explanations to the tour director .
tr	NNS	I gave them directions to my house and told them to come at ten .
tr	NN	That question earned another shrug .
tr	NN	I can just make out a male voice hollering , " Busy ! "
tr	NNS	" I remember bits and pieces , moments that are jumbled together and shrouded in a violent , red haze that needed some kind of release .
tr	NNS	" Don 't ever have expectations ; that way you won 't be disappointed . "
tr	NN	They took out a tarp and pulled it tight over the belongings that they left behind .
tr	NN	' With a very odd-shaped beak , ' said the Lecturer in Recent Runes . '
tr	NN	She flashed her ID .
tr	NN	Seconds later , she and Darren Bell suffered the same fate .
tr	NN	We attain success and excellence , as we align our personal energy with this energy of the cosmic mechanism .
tr	NN	Finally he swallowed the lump .
tr	NNS	I scooted backwards , not wanting that creep to touch me again .
tr	NN	" So they had video proof of the arsonist ? "
tr	NNS	He heard their heavy breaths , smelled their sweat , hated them more with each jolting step .
tr	NN	With nerves on edge , she approached the shack .
tr	NNS	" Take back your powers , every soul .
tr	NN	Then she yanked the cravat off his neck , the stiff cloth raking his flesh .
tr	NN	I grab my other magazine and the hard candy from behind the counter .
tr	NN	Peddle your crap to some kindergartner . "
tr	NN	Why do you need so much protection if God is supposedly watching over you ?
tr	NN	" After all , what harm can it do ? "
tr	NNS	I only have twenty-eight dollars .
tr	NNS	George bet Joseph a thousand dollars he couldn 't get a kiss by the end of the night .
tr	NN	She set a napkin on her lap and picked up her fork .
tr	NNS	Stacy gets her eight dollars an hour for sleeping and a long ride home .
tr	NNS	James poured two cups of coffee and took them into the living room .
tr	NN	" If it 's all the same to you , I would much prefer a more environmentally-friendly material in my stocking , Bur . "
tr	NNS	It took several attempts at peering through the crowd before she was able to confirm that it was Rosie .
tr	NN	Maryellen took his advice and decided to start in the master bedroom .
tr	NN	said the automaton nurse .
tr	NN	I suppress the urge to run .
tr	NN	My foster mother lifted her fork with a satisfied smile .
tr	NNS	Claire dropped plates on the counter with a little too much force .
tr	NNS	I have a few chairs set up to the left of my cameras whenever you are ready . "
tr	NN	He 'd found his treasure , all right , and it wasn 't this book .
tr	NN	A claw gouged her thigh , dragging her closer , as its jaws opened monstrously wide .
tr	NN	" This takes year round dedication .
tr	NNS	I had my doubts , but tried anyways .
tr	NNS	My fight with Jason had stunned the other students , but their surprise had quickly worn off .
tr	NN	In The Dead Initiative , a scientist develops technology that allows us to see ghosts ... and soon regrets that breakthrough .
tr	NNS	She was taking deep , heavy breaths and appeared to be in some discomfort .
tr	NNS	It broke off billions of years ago , probably when the earth was hit by a another asteroid . "
tr	NN	We 've got a plague of winners all of a sudden . "
tr	NNS	He fingered the metal cups .
tr	NN	If Sofie was already giving Lilly orders , then she must trust her allegiance to me .
tr	NNS	They should have never sent new ranks , but there was another fight going on and those closer to the originals could not break away . "
tr	NNS	Sometimes we get powers . "
tr	NN	Colton felt warmth drain from his limbs .
tr	NN	He pressed the cloth to his head .
tr	NN	Emma felt a longing pang .
tr	NNS	This harmless little exercise could have cost us our butts , let 's tighten up our action . "
tr	NNS	More than that , I learned techniques which would help me pull visions out of my head .
tr	NN	" No , " Jeremy answered , " I just got the e-mail .
tr	NNS	Have you had any other reports from the examination of the crash ? "
tr	NN	She made no distinction of origin , each person was unique , not easily categorized .
tr	NN	Caution and pride overrode impulse to take what she wanted without weighing the cost .
tr	NNS	He will need robots and will either get them from us or build his own .
tr	NN	" Your father did mention that aspect . "
tr	NNS	Once her heart started beating again , she gathered her senses and glanced around for signs of an attack .
tr	NNS	All three hundred acres , and we give Joshua a thousand bucks a month to run it .
tr	NN	" Ladies and gentlemen , thank you so much for attending this party for State Senator Brady Maxwell III , " Heather began her speech .
tr	NNS	Peeking over the rim as I 'd done once before , I discovered nearly a dozen ghost wolves lolling on a grassy knoll .
tr	NN	" Ah yes , forgive me for forgetting that minor detail . "
tr	NN	She adjusted her beak , polishing the shining surface with a fist .
tr	NNS	With that sly sense of humor I 'd come to associate with her , she added , " Quite enough wolves to feed as it is .
tr	NNS	They each pointed out various campers , probably those they had visited , and identified two which likely still needed a visit .
tr	NNS	Persephone had eaten six pomegranate seeds , and that was why she 'd been forced to become queen of the Underworld .
tr	NNS	They raided their temples , burned their books and smashed their idols .
tr	NNS	You should not feel hallucinations in the real world .
tr	NNS	Bring out your journals !
tr	NN	We could lament the fate of cake eternally , but that would not be conducive to the continuation of our chronicle .
tr	NNS	Tony held up three ivory pages .
tr	NNS	That takes brains , sweetheart .
tr	NNS	" We do have chores to do .
tr	NNS	The noise of the launch engine kept her complaints from being overheard by their host , who was busy guiding the boat into a small cove .
tr	NNS	Silas lifted out the other rather squashed items that lay under the barley cake .
tr	NN	She took a chunk out of the chicken .
tr	NN	Regrettably , I did make the appointment , but the idea of giving up a baby was just too much for me to handle .
tr	NN	He sent us a tape so we could see you in action instead .
tr	NNS	She walked the few blocks to her shop , looking around everywhere , a bit disappointed not to see Drew .
tr	NNS	In slow motion she saw the jaws of the wolf opening wide , driving toward her .
tr	NNS	Her pale eyes glinted dangerously .
tr	NN	" You 're okay , darlin ' Oh my God , I thought I lost you .
tr	NNS	" I hate ducks .
tr	NNS	" The benefits we could receive from his information do not outweigh the dangers of us not returning .
tr	NNS	Statues flanked the first five hundred yards regarding his passage .
tr	NN	Corrugated steel siding and a sturdy front door .
tr	NNS	As her mind clocked the details , she couldn 't suppress the tremble and nightmare visions that had been threatening to overtake her since his phone call .
tr	NN	We have a rug I just know she 'll love . "
tr	NNS	I pushed the ghosts of Kimmy away from my mind and focused on the present .
tr	NNS	Thibault had no credit cards , no debit cards , no ATM cards , no official mailing address , no cell phone .
tr	NN	She wouldn 't get any argument from me .
tr	NNS	A quick stop at the lab to get the suits , and we are on our way .
tr	NNS	I remembered the targets .
tr	NNS	She obviously had some issues when it came to her attractiveness and he 'd work on that as well , he decided as his eyes slipped closed .
tr	NN	Can I turn my rental in and collect my car or is it still impounded ? "
tr	NN	Maybe better than I 'd given them credit for .
tr	NN	" But this isn 't possible , " Al continued the charade as he stepped closer .
tr	NN	A smattering of applause greeted this introduction .
tr	NNS	She felt the caress of his thumb at her most intimately guarded place .
tr	NN	" Or this ... " Her hand slid down his naked belly , eliciting a groan of pleasure from his lips .
tr	NNS	He stuck his thumbs in his belt and smirked at her .
tr	NN	Eggs , sausage , toast , " he said , when the uniformed waitress walked over , a notepad in hand .
tr	NNS	Jackson set his cards down and wrapped her small hand in his .
tr	NN	Delilah pulled the thick plastic black curtain across the curtain rod to give herself a smidgen of privacy .
tr	NN	She put the magazine in her bedroom and looked at the sunny blue sky .
tr	NNS	Should he bring her some DVDs to watch ?
tr	NN	He controlled his patience until the president finished .
tr	NN	I couldn 't believe my good fortune when I saw Bird and he told me what had happened .
tr	NN	Ice whispered down his spine , freezing nerves , turning into a cold dagger in his belly .
tr	NNS	Instead , he saw scores of beautiful women and lusted for each one of them .
tr	NN	Turning back to the girls , I said , " Any of you have reception ? "
tr	NNS	Her head felt dizzy .
tr	NN	Iris twirled a curl around her fingers , and finally she nodded .
tr	NNS	She had important protection spells and rituals to perform .
tr	NN	He had always worn the Earth Imperial Fleet insignia with pride .
tr	NNS	And now you 're putting families out on the street to boot ! '
tr	NNS	I 've seen the twins . "
tr	NN	Who would send her a package ?
tr	NN	Chris grasped the railing and held fast .
tr	NNS	' I didn 't get any numbers actually .
tr	NNS	I 've had no complaints . "
tr	NN	I wipe away the juice from my chin .
tr	NNS	He loved rides in the carriage and always looked around , snapping his head side to side , not wanting to miss a thing .
tr	NNS	I see two pairs of legs standing beside the sled .
tr	NN	They were taking over every aspect of my life , with little hope of escape .
tr	NN	Jason didn 't crave an encounter with either variety .
tr	NNS	Paige could hear wolf howls now as the beasts hunted the vampires .
tr	NNS	Why he had those magical powers !
tr	NNS	The denim hugged his thighs and h * ps as if folding to his will .
tr	NNS	Right now , this was embedded cravings finally coming to life .
tr	NN	How long has Cutter possessed this technology ?
tr	NN	The way his breath whispered over her flesh , across her cheek , her lips , her neck , made her shudder .
tr	NNS	Using his smartphone , Albert tested Teleport 's intruder monitoring systems .
tr	NNS	Amy go gorillas good gorillas .
tr	NN	Bartolomeo scratched his beard .
tr	NN	What sleeping arrangements do we have for tonight ? "
tr	NN	She drew a pistol .
tr	NNS	" Can a facial remove freckles ? "
tr	NNS	He has his troubles with his men from time to time , just as I do , but he handles them well .
tr	NN	" Practically all Enforcers visit the pub just to pick up on local gossip .
tr	NNS	" Demons spotted northwest !
tr	NN	Slaves quickly learn patience and cunning and we were no exception .
tr	NNS	They can scrape out abilities and give them to others . "
tr	NNS	And , pop , pop , so did two little white bubbles above his head , both with local phone numbers .
tr	NN	" Ma , I have a visitor .
tr	NN	" When can we do the final exam ? "
tr	NN	She had this conviction that if she stopped counting , she 'd stop moving , stop breathing .
tr	NN	Bethany gave him the quick and dirty version .
tr	NNS	Sheila 's monthly rent for a one-bedroom apartment would have placed two families in houses , as long as the houses were not in Buckhead .
tr	NNS	Alec still wore long gowns , but Eleanor had fastened a piece of Mackenzie plaid around his sturdy waist .
tr	NN	Make an appointment with you to air my grievances ? "
tr	NN	" I know the chef who caters all of the chamber events , and he 's a great guy .
tr	NN	Though they had footage of Polk collapsing in Gray 's arms , no camera caught even a glimpse of rifle flash or any sign of the shooter .
tr	NNS	" I 've kept a couple canisters of pepper spray in reserve , just in case .
tr	NNS	Brice is using drugs to counteract the pain in his head , but he does not understand what is happening to him .
tr	NNS	I have many errands to attend to . "
tr	NN	Grace opened the refrigerator and took out a small container of yogurt .
tr	NNS	" My husband and sons ? "
tr	NN	That meant a cold , damp vigil of some indeterminate time , from a few minutes to about six hours .
tr	NNS	James Day eleven ( 11 ) ( onze ) , according to the ticks on my left hand .
tr	NN	I can smell Aunt Becky 's roast . "
tr	NN	He lifted up his armpit and I noticed a faint sweat stain on the shirt fabric .
tr	NN	I did get my jewelry .
tr	NNS	When the third studio said they 'd recorded Richard 's last bands Grace put the phone down after advising them they 'd already made other arrangements .
tr	NN	They could pry the latter from my cold , dead hands .
tr	NN	" As a matter of fact , yes , but only due to the past history of watching my grandfather repair his refrigerator . "
tr	NN	But , due to the sensitive nature of the subject , I would like some privacy first and foremost . "
tr	NNS	" So do I , " Valerie said fervently .
tr	NN	I waive the pillow at him .
tr	NNS	The elevator went down several floors until it reached the first sub level , beneath the basement .
tr	NN	She would rather choose the latter of course .
tr	NNS	I 've installed carpets ... tore out old carpets and worked on hardwood floors . "
tr	NN	In nine more hours , he thought , I will begin the descent .
tr	NN	He attached the rope to Jake 's belt and then to Alaric 's belt .
tr	NN	His mom got the can opener from her husband the year before , and she was crazy about it .
tr	NNS	Someone was spreading horrific lies about him .
tr	NN	Why didn 't you wear the puffy gown ?
tr	NNS	Well , I 've got third-degree burns and there is no way in this lifetime that I will ever trust a man again . "
tr	NNS	Beside him , the Bursar was juggling coloured balls , but like a machine , his eyes staring blankly at nothing .
tr	NNS	I chose the females because there were so many more unwanted girls to choose from .
tr	NNS	We 'll all just keep our own scores and get a little practice . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't have any nightmares that night .
tr	NNS	James wore black briefs .
tr	NN	Crossing the living room to where the phone sat on a side table , she lifted the receiver and dialed 911 .
tr	NN	He heard the crunch of boots , then felt Sheriff Clancy St. Claire 's hand fall onto his shoulder .
tr	NN	We can see the cavern from our camp .
tr	NN	She pointed her fork at him .
tr	NN	I didn 't grasp logic .
tr	NN	Then he loaded a small rocket that Katy took from the box .
tr	NNS	They have lockers in the gym for us to keep our clothes and shower supplies in .
tr	NNS	Embarrassed and nervous at the same time , Dan pressed cake crumbs onto his little finger and eased them past dry lips .
tr	NNS	Her decision made , she drove a few blocks to the public lot , where she 'd already paid for a week in advance .
tr	NN	I grabbed my backpack from the car floor and gave Dorian a kiss on his hand .
tr	NNS	Chapter Six The workers from Great Lakes Packaging arrived with their supervisor that morning .
tr	NNS	I can see whites of teeth , glitters of jewelry .
tr	NNS	They have attachment issues . "
tr	NNS	They got their families out , but they stayed behind to help .
tr	NN	Thinking of how her sneaking behind my back made her the ultimate snake .
tr	NNS	A hot metal shard bursts from a hole in the car beside me .
tr	NNS	" No restaurants , hotels , or other locations . "
tr	NN	They had just passed a vendor selling flowers near the entrance to the main food hall .
tr	NN	An author who debunked the paranormal , Gabrielle had forged a mutual respect with Clara despite their differing beliefs .
tr	NN	Walking back to his desk , Stanley opened the top drawer and took out a bottle of some dark booze .
tr	NNS	He fired two shots in my direction .
tr	NNS	I have vans coming for all of you ; I just need to know who is driving . "
tr	NN	We couldn 't eat copper , of course , and had no other significant food sources .
tr	NN	And I take my responsibility very seriously . "
tr	NNS	You have no skills or relations that might benefit you in the wide world ? "
tr	NN	His eyes swept her frame before they returned to Simon .
tr	NN	" Then maybe we need to talk about that , too , " he said , the low growl of his voice half threat , half invitation .
tr	NN	" We didn 't use protection , Jesse .
tr	NNS	They anxiously studied the gaps in the pine canopy for the cause of the growing commotion .
tr	NNS	Fin noted several reactions , from dismissive to serious .
tr	NNS	Fortunately she had sandals that fit Joey .
tr	NNS	I sit and write thank-you cards in front of the television .
tr	NN	The dip in the fabric of her dress gave him a glimpse of her creamy white skin .
tr	NNS	You have the reins . "
tr	NN	I fought the urge to look back over the wall again .
tr	NNS	She brushed a few hairs off my forehead .
tr	NNS	We used our blades when the feral beasts attempted to blaze through us , suddenly desperate for an escape .
tr	NNS	Now I will call the marks out , understand ? '
tr	NNS	Nikki smiled slyly , and it was Lance who spoke again .
tr	NN	His friends didn 't have a set agenda , they only wanted to party and Amber was happy to be their tour guide .
tr	NNS	" I hate birds , Gwen .
tr	NNS	He 'd joined the other servants at the foot of the steps .
tr	NN	Coming too close to the bar would mean a blood bath .
tr	NN	" I have a scheme to get us all out of here , if you just wait . "
tr	NNS	I 've always had some suspicions about that .
tr	NNS	" Kill those sons of bitches , kill them all ! "
tr	NN	I could have a brain tumor . "
tr	NN	Lyssa felt a pang of something not right in her .
tr	NN	You present a sealed document , explaining that it represents your credentials .
tr	NNS	She could feel the vague thought signals -- this was not the rich overwhelming assortment that a full planet of inhabitants might provide .
tr	NN	Mac noted their location , checked the shuttle 's control panel .
tr	NN	She grabbed another pillow and threw it at him .
tr	NN	I rubbed his belly as he made little growling noises .
tr	NN	She had an underlying defiance in her voice that I didn 't appreciate .
tr	NN	" Mr. Giordano , I can 't run a three hundred acre farm . "
tr	NNS	Systematically , one after another , the directed energy weapons defeated the numerous missiles until there were no more .
tr	NNS	I will open all public offices to the voters .
tr	NN	Jumping on the starter produced no effect .
tr	NNS	We passed along one shaky walkway after another , past hundreds more tree houses identical to the one we had just visited .
tr	NNS	He preferred the nightmares of his feverish sleep to those of his reality .
tr	NNS	" We are da spiritual workers of the world .
tr	NNS	Soon , he made out the forms of two Templar foot soldiers , sitting by a small fire in a dark passage .
tr	NNS	She 'd made her excuses and was grateful for this time by herself .
tr	NN	Scratching at the back of his head , Hal peered back up the staircase and squinted .
tr	NNS	She stopped in another alleyway , this one dark , the surrounding buildings cutting off the sun 's rays .
tr	NNS	" Hold on Cassie , " he pleaded fervently .
tr	NN	I place another towel on as the first soaks through , and then another .
tr	NNS	" Several of the guys you tested with had the same scores , missing the same questions .
tr	NN	The key had a tiny diamond set in the center of it .
tr	NN	I was still doing door duty , though Henry was more eccentric than George or Nicky about using it .
tr	NNS	He saw the panicking crew members filing down it .
tr	NNS	I 've been up since five this morning scrubbing floors , cleaning the loos , all that rot .
tr	NNS	" Did she have any other powers ? "
tr	NNS	He made some arrangements with one of the elves concerning the mortals they employed .
tr	NNS	I recalled the operations during the past few months .
tr	NNS	Then , after a moment , he added ten more silver crowns .
tr	NN	She 'd never felt a moment 's depression , and I wondered why I was different .
tr	NNS	He pulled out the remains of a small notebook .
tr	NNS	Others she 'd helped avoid dangers creeping toward them from the past .
tr	NNS	It spoke volumes about their desperation .
tr	NNS	Apparently he threw dishes at the wall , and the neighbors didn 't appreciate the noise .
tr	NN	" Well , you missed the big announcement .
tr	NNS	He has four broken ribs , and a bruised spleen .
tr	NN	She gave a flourish of her hand .
tr	NNS	I had their remains brought here and reburied .
tr	NNS	Adele murmured her apologies , and continued to pull the comb through Eda 's hair .
tr	NNS	When it began taking the children , the elders blamed the gods but we knew it was not so .
tr	NNS	At this hour I cannot contact our guides to make those arrangements .
tr	NNS	" I have no medical skills .
tr	NN	Did Coach really just make that transition ?
tr	NN	Does Your Majesty require a healer ? "
tr	NNS	We had other issues to attend to .
tr	NN	She felt a sudden pang for him .
tr	NNS	She had other methods of communication open to her .
tr	NNS	Conscious of his equal abhorrence to my small figure , a shiver shot through my arms , I battled my instincts for flight .
tr	NNS	" I 'm cutting vegetables all day , nothing I can 't handle . "
tr	NN	Blood stained the white perfection of fur and snow .
tr	NNS	They passed increasing numbers of poor and homeless as they descended deeper into the mountain .
tr	NNS	" You need clients .
tr	NN	One of the militiamen held a small cage with a rat inside .
tr	NNS	The man -- if it made sense to refer to him as such -- clasped his palms together and leaned forwards .
tr	NNS	Apparently " love thy neighbor " changes to " judge thy neighbor " if your family doesn 't follow the church playbook .
tr	NN	Softly as phantoms they descended the stair and came to the mouth of a corridor black as night .
tr	NN	He had a hunting rifle , and he brought his servant along to carry equipment . "
tr	NNS	" Last week you had two pitch meetings and a commercial shoot .
tr	NNS	Not things that had happened , not memories , but fantasy scenarios .
tr	NN	Swallowing hard , he forced down a lump of regret that was nearly choking him .
tr	NNS	He swiped viciously , but the undead dodged and slammed Max against the iron grate .
tr	NN	' And sometimes one is made the instrument of death .
tr	NNS	Now if your work wins third place , the members of the group will get additional seven points in the fourth quarter exam . "
tr	NNS	" That 's more than tripling our assets in three years .
tr	NNS	He teased the parting folds of flesh that guarded the entrance to her warm , fragrant core .
tr	NN	I can taste the salty sweetness of myself in the kiss .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , sweet Caroline .
tr	NNS	" We 're sitting ducks .
tr	NNS	She still had over nine thousand dollars upon arriving in Miami .
tr	NN	That , my friend , depicts the perfect circumstance under which to begin a new phase in one 's own life . "
tr	NN	His fingers curled around his shaft and pumped hard .
tr	NNS	These new laws that had seemingly formed of their own volition were already guiding his actions and his life .
tr	NN	The Healer will make the brew and Lady Cassidy will have some private time to take care of personal needs .
tr	NNS	When they take your soul , they take all your psychic powers with it . "
tr	NNS	She handed the plates to them .
tr	NNS	There were cheering crowds , the Olin costumes , and then the swirl of the little birds and samplings rushing around him .
tr	NNS	I pat my empty pockets , realizing I forgot my phone .
tr	NN	In fact , if I turn in my seat a little , I can just make out the condo complex where Nicole once lived .
tr	NNS	I yank the covers back and crawl in , and Henry lies down next to me , reeking of shea butter .
tr	NN	For a moment , we just watched the water cascade like a curtain of silk and crash below .
tr	NNS	When she realized that feeling wasn 't mutual , she simply didn 't have the skills to shrug it off or act indifferent .
tr	NN	" Granted , but first use the probe to scan the ship for external damage . "
tr	NN	I made an exception that day . "
tr	NNS	I could feel her ribs when she hugged me .
tr	NNS	" I don 't like weddings . "
tr	NNS	I attend AA meetings at the rehab center every Thursday night .
tr	NNS	" Ah , you want super powers , do you ? "
tr	NNS	Orson moved the knife two inches to the left of my nipple and inserted the blade an eighth of an inch .
tr	NNS	Blast his politician skills that made her feel suddenly witchy .
tr	NNS	Probably she 's out drinking beers with her boyfriend . "
tr	NNS	Tristan has also been stealing drugs and money from Dylan , like he did the other day .
tr	NNS	She slowed her frantic movements , quieted , and stopped .
tr	NN	When everyone had calmed down a little from the baby news , I continued my speech .
tr	NN	She held a garden shovel in her hands , cocked like a baseball bat .
tr	NN	I saw his body tense , as he looked out at the field next to us .
tr	NN	If I didn 't watch out , I could drink a whole six-pack while I cooked . "
tr	NNS	The tension inside her screwed up several notches .
tr	NNS	Her naked back had a couple freckles across it .
tr	NN	Everybody who gets one of these hundred bombs has the same responsibility .
tr	NNS	Darren has some contacts down there , and so does Dad . "
tr	NNS	Draven buffed her fingernails .
tr	NNS	I 'd had these sorts of dreams before .
tr	NNS	We will double our efforts to find your brother Nomi . "
tr	NNS	Plus the flames made dark black marks on the lantern glass and it was my job to clean them every day .
tr	NN	" Please turn off all monitoring software at this time .
tr	NN	He called his pilot and had the jet readied and headed straight for the airport .
tr	NNS	Only the belief in themselves and the course they had chosen kept their hearts from sinking altogether .
tr	NNS	The two together had performed amazing bouts of healing , when both of them had been touching the sword .
tr	NNS	Back five minutes and the pair already going at it like pit dogs .
tr	NN	" You 'll solve this puzzle .
tr	NNS	Throughout middle and high school , my succession of girlfriends would laugh and wrinkle their noses .
tr	NN	I took the package he offered and set it down on the hall console table .
tr	NN	" Terminate the hologram !
tr	NN	Zane grabbed another pancake , and I rolled my eyes at him .
tr	NN	Besides , Sean had had an epiphany late last night .
tr	NNS	As a result of this unremitting darkness , its population , my ancestors , had developed certain abilities allowing them to survive and function in complete obscurity .
tr	NNS	I hear murmurs of " goodbye " and I stand .
tr	NN	The man pushed back his flat cap and looked at Reed then Golden then back to Reed .
tr	NNS	Don 't just give me these ridiculous directions with no explanation whatsoever .
tr	NNS	Some little town in South Dakota with a name I didn 't recognize , which is saying something given my many road trips through the state .
tr	NNS	" Only smouldering ruins .
tr	NN	He gave Pigeon a shove that almost knocked him over .
tr	NNS	She disabled the sensors as she went , but it seemed like it didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	I picked up the chopsticks and unscrewed the jar , grimacing as I lowered the utensil inside .
tr	NNS	The living room occupied the entire depth of the building and would have been , Darcy estimated , around four yards wide .
tr	NNS	Allow me to mention , or remind if you have been told , that Phantom swordsmen use illusions to distract you .
tr	NNS	Worried , Grace threw back the covers , tiptoed to the door , and opened it a crack .
tr	NN	The swing held a whole new meaning to her .
tr	NNS	Bash 's eyes shot daggers at Josh .
tr	NNS	She fluttered her eyelashes trying to act as if she was very coy and Sera realized they weren 't just talking landscaping here .
tr	NN	" True , " said the chaplain , without looking reassured .
tr	NN	His machine gun clattered down the ramp and went overboard as he collapsed on the catwalk .
tr	NN	I hear his breath hitch , and I 'm sure he can feel my breath against his skin .
tr	NN	If it will keep you here , if it will stop you from Fading , I will gladly pay the cost , whatever it might be . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't need my psychic abilities to figure out why Vlad wanted to know all my family 's details , either .
tr	NNS	She collected the peppers from where she had dropped them on the back steps and left Joe prowling around the house .
tr	NNS	" We can take our chances outside .
tr	NNS	" I have always trusted her more than any doctors here . "
tr	NN	The demons had attacked the temple for a reason , only he had not guessed they 'd desired his distraction and Annabelle 's solitude .
tr	NNS	Ahead , as far as they knew , lay calmer waters .
tr	NN	I quenched my thirst with tap water , before returning to Aidan 's bed .
tr	NNS	I 'd say this counts as a show of allegiance .
tr	NNS	" I have the thighs that ate Seattle . "
tr	NNS	Matthew is sitting with his nose three inches from his computer screen , his eyes narrow .
tr	NN	I don 't like your attitude .
tr	NN	He pushed his ID back into the pocket of his Austin Reed Donegal jacket .
tr	NN	I was trained for it all the time I was growing up : my destiny . "
tr	NN	Skip the red tape too .
tr	NNS	Some of those arrested were released , their marks mutilated to uselessness , but a larger number were never seen again .
tr	NN	Pack up your crap .
tr	NNS	Mercer might not like his methods , but he 'd done his job .
tr	NNS	" You 've got more clients than you can handle .
tr	NNS	The night before , her dreams had been filled with terrible visions , visions of Athena 's wrath should Medusa continue her meetings with Poseidon .
tr	NNS	They take drugs and it makes them see things .
tr	NN	He crossed the threshold into the sun .
tr	NN	" Your sea monster doesn 't like its fish . "
tr	NNS	She had ditched his boxers and undershirt .
tr	NNS	A staccato of gunfire breaks the stillness .
tr	NNS	" But we don 't know the specifics ? "
tr	NN	" I 'd make an exception for you . "
tr	NNS	Even I had my doubts , but they 'd seemed so convinced that they 'd hidden their talents .
tr	NNS	" Yep , time to rise and shine , " I maintain my put-on cheerfulness .
tr	NNS	She saw your runes at the park today . "
tr	NN	" Despite all the classes , I never had any acting talent .
tr	NNS	The woman who accused Pierce of sexual harassment rescinded her claims after it turned out she had accused two other former bosses of the same thing .
tr	NNS	God , he hated missions like this most of all .
tr	NNS	I scoured the racks of Macy 's until I found a strapless black top and a pink skirt to wear with it .
tr	NNS	We have babies born under three pounds today .
tr	NN	A shiver raced along her spine at the sensual sensations his touch sparked .
tr	NNS	I need no distractions .
tr	NNS	" Grab your tits , baby , and stroke them for me . "
tr	NN	He found a cool needle lying on the bottom of the box and picked it up .
tr	NN	The general wore his dress uniform while the gray-haired high priest was clad in his finest white robe .
tr	NN	He shook his tankard hopefully .
tr	NN	" I agree honey .
tr	NN	I picked up some fresh turkey for sandwiches .
tr	NNS	But I did not know their customs .
tr	NN	I drop a fork onto a plate , causing a clanking sound .
tr	NN	She felt his grudging acceptance stomp through their link .
tr	NN	They 'd already had one appointment to see Dr. Fullerton .
tr	NNS	Hunter hooked his thumbs in his belt loops , tugging his cutoffs dangerously low on his narrow hips .
tr	NNS	He never would have wanted these houses of death to stay open like this .
tr	NN	I pick up the magazine and try to ignore what 's going on inside of me .
tr	NNS	Apparently , just being in close proximity to a vampire also increased my psychic abilities .
tr	NN	The sight gave Roger a shudder .
tr	NN	We can 't have anybody analyzing that hypo .
tr	NN	I didn 't even see the hill in all those humongous jungle leaves . "
tr	NNS	He 'd never win awards for romance .
tr	NN	They shouldn 't meet too much opposition .
tr	NN	" I just love your color scheme .
tr	NNS	" I paid you one million dollars for your daughter .
tr	NN	Soft smacking sounds filled the receiver ; she was probably chomping on a piece of chocolate Twizzlers , her favorite candy .
tr	NN	Susan had finally reached the wealth threshold that had eluded her from being married to a college professor .
tr	NN	I recognized this phrase as boy code for We are very close friends .
tr	NN	" You play tennis ? "
tr	NN	She was wearing a short-sleeved green silk blouse and a pair of white slacks and she looked ... edible .
tr	NNS	I transfer the reins to one hand and grab Jack 's hand with the other .
tr	NNS	We did some snooping , three blocks away from the Temple of the New Dawn that was under construction .
tr	NNS	Supposedly , he signed the mattresses of the girls that he scored with just to keep track of all of them .
tr	NNS	One of her hands cupped his balls while her other clung to his muscular thigh .
tr	NN	As he passed the house , he noted the shattered partition by the entrance of the far side of the duplex .
tr	NN	Gabriel picked up the backpack and passed it over .
tr	NN	It slid down my spine like warm fingers .
tr	NN	They trade porn and are rumored to even traffic in adolescent boys between members .
tr	NNS	She remembered the numbing coldness that had swept through her body .
tr	NN	He decided the next fish he saw he would ask about a place to stay .
tr	NN	" And you know this detail how ? "
tr	NN	I shouldn 't have - " She took pity on him .
tr	NN	Some acts defied forgiveness .
tr	NN	His encased legs rattled the contraption holding them aloft .
tr	NN	Gumshoe noted the observation on his tablet .
tr	NNS	She 'd met her conditions of release .
tr	NNS	" Angie put the police reports in order for you .
tr	NNS	She removed a couple more titles from the shelf and noticed something hiding behind the books .
tr	NNS	I reach down with one hand and cup his balls .
tr	NN	But I have faith . "
tr	NNS	" The co-op alone is putting up almost a trillion dollars .
tr	NN	" I 've never told anybody about this ... sometimes I just get really angry .
tr	NN	Finally Felix had a large chunk of the lion 's mane , which I secured into the same bundle as my own .
tr	NNS	' I 've got cracked ribs and the pins in my hips are practically busting out of my legs . '
tr	NN	Once I was pretty , like my Kata . "
tr	NN	Hunter stopped pacing and shook his head .
tr	NN	" Get a pressure wrap on this woman . "
tr	NN	Because we can 't do what you did , " he admitted , though not without visible discomfort .
tr	NN	Well , at least he was observant , Linc thought a little sarcastically .
tr	NN	And no way on earth can you fire a rifle accurately with Parkinson 's disease .
tr	NN	" Thank you , my lord .
tr	NNS	Probably , she was taking drugs like all new shiny stars and thought she 's the best .
tr	NN	She grabbed a vintage Roly Burger t-shirt from one of her dad 's promo events in years past .
tr	NN	She started swearing , a muttering rant in low , even tones .
tr	NNS	" Can we just get some ice waters ? "
tr	NN	You 've got a legacy , Milton .
tr	NNS	" No , we don 't give awards that would make girls cry .
tr	NN	" You won the contest for that truck ? "
tr	NNS	" We 've exchanged a few texts since her admittance . "
tr	NN	Thor felt his heart quicken .
tr	NN	I didn 't want a natural affinity for learning ways to kill people .
tr	NNS	There are more pressing issues to consider .
tr	NNS	" You know , we should bring all the campers up here . "
tr	NNS	There were no customers , Garcia placed glass cups upside down on the tables .
tr	NNS	The supplier was severing all connections in preparation for firing up a new business arrangement . "
tr	NN	Ernie could really cut a rug back then and he spent every Saturday night down at the Playhouse Ballroom dancing away until his legs felt like jelly .
tr	NN	The fruity , yet woody aroma carried the flavor through his nostrils and over his taste buds .
tr	NN	They have no relevance to robots .
tr	NNS	He nipped pages and pretended to read .
tr	NN	Feeling like a kid again , he shook the package and her laughter at his antics wrapped around him like a blanket .
tr	NNS	We are losing more than two hundred fifty million dollars every day the plants are idle . "
tr	NNS	And she could hear his howls .
tr	NNS	He called out greetings , sent out a wave , and steered Iona to the bar .
tr	NNS	They are sending up trial balloons to test the wind . "
tr	NN	And Darren needs some rehearsing about where we 've been .
tr	NN	Gia liberally sprinkled malt vinegar on both the fish and chips .
tr	NNS	Maryann had a few items in her purse for magic , just in case , although she was not well-versed in spirit magic .
tr	NN	The hair on the back of Cassie 's neck suddenly stood up , a tingle swept down her spine that was neither pleasant nor unpleasant .
tr	NN	But the healing balm couldn 't keep the soreness from growing after having walked all morning long .
tr	NNS	But the feel and taste of Nick 's soft lips enveloped my senses .
tr	NNS	She also scours book blog sites and other author pages on Facebook for her next great read to add to her Kindle Fire .
tr	NN	She has the impression of sinking into an animal world .
tr	NN	Thank goodness I hadn 't eaten yet .
tr	NNS	" Mom , a nice family like the Nelsons would never have drugs !
tr	NN	Dark blue jeans and boots completed the outfit , and the gray Stetson he was never without was balanced on one knee .
tr	NNS	" But how do you avoid these sorts of people ? "
tr	NNS	We could hunt the ruins together for new treasures ... But somehow I can 't imagine being apart from Echo .
tr	NNS	I reckon the staff will feel so grateful to be kept on , they 'll work their butts off for you .
tr	NN	" What crawled up his butt ? "
tr	NN	From that day on , we called my brother Levi , and eventually my pa did the same .
tr	NN	It didn 't take a rocket scientist or being telepathic to figure out what was going on in her head .
tr	NNS	Kennedy ticked off the items on her mental list .
tr	NNS	" We have collected data on every language used on your planet . "
tr	NNS	The restaurant itself was a small place with dirt engrained floors .
tr	NN	The king does not return her glare , at least not with the same ferocity .
tr	NNS	The males were discussing the latest table designs whilst Karma and Irony complained to each other about mans ' obsession with tables .
tr	NN	" Yes , I do , " I say , determinedly .
tr	NNS	Claire massaged her temples .
tr	NNS	But they found only smoking ruins on the shore of a bay , littered with naked black bodies .
tr	NNS	Clutching the steering wheel , I took some calming breaths .
tr	NN	She still wanted our privacy , and the trees surrounding us had given us ample protection , but now they were gone .
tr	NNS	Amanda remembered Russ saying her family was having some troubles , and Amanda made a mental note to schedule Casey for extra hours .
tr	NNS	When I 'd walked to the five hundred block of the industrial district , I found two apartment buildings , both three stories high .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens that 's over . '
tr	NN	I stole a peek at him .
tr	NNS	John sought out his connections again .
tr	NNS	A goalie catches babies by natural instinct .
tr	NNS	He could feel his ribs creaking under the increasing pressure and could see black spots before his eyes .
tr	NN	" And let perpetual light shine upon him . "
tr	NNS	The three new pilots could fill the necessary gaps for a full C-5 flight team .
tr	NN	She found a soft t-shirt with little pink flowers and a grabbed one of my pink cardigans .
tr	NN	His servants quickly loaded the airship and climbed into the forward cab .
tr	NN	Owens said , " Quite a coup , getting him here .
tr	NN	" The primate brain , " said my uncle .
tr	NNS	I drank the dregs of my cold tea and placed it in the sink .
tr	NN	Feeling a little self-conscious , I carefully turned the knob and opened the door wide enough to slip in unnoticed .
tr	NNS	Several contractors I know made millions from illegal labor .
tr	NN	Lina gained a sizable lump in her throat , for both .
tr	NN	I had a strong handshake , but his was stronger .
tr	NNS	Start your engines . "
tr	NNS	This craziness nearly always caused his senses to spin into overload .
tr	NN	I savored the sweetness of his taste , like summer rain and carnal desires .
tr	NNS	I take a few slow breaths to steady my heart rate .
tr	NNS	They also removed all markings , insignia and serial numbers .
tr	NNS	Preston has developed his intuitive talents through several lifetimes .
tr	NNS	Laura served all his meals there , where he sat and stared at the TV .
tr	NNS	" We 've never given them this many models before and ordered this many units . "
tr	NN	" But how would he lay claim to a scabbard you say is only given to the most worthy Armstrong warriors ? "
tr	NNS	I only have twenty dollars left after the pickles . "
tr	NN	" I desire cleansing ... of this flesh . "
tr	NNS	" I already have some suits that fit more snugly ; I wear them on formal occasions . "
tr	NN	Okay , so the discussion had everyone dumbstruck or something ?
tr	NN	In the distance , they could see Solomon 's black outline etched like charcoal against the grey sky .
tr	NN	But I 've met my quota on abandonment in my life .
tr	NN	He proclaimed some poetry , stopping and taking a rhetorical pose as taught in the best academies .
tr	NN	With her back to him , she maneuvered the towel , endeavoring to dress without revealing anything .
tr	NN	It scared the crap out of her for the simple reason that nothing about the two of them fell into her neatly planned outline of her future .
tr	NNS	You will have beautiful babies . "
tr	NN	The venom in his voice made her shudder .
tr	NN	Slipping down the darkened hallway , he finally found the sanctuary he had been searching for .
tr	NNS	They 're holding the dogs in quarantine there , all the ones they could round up . "
tr	NNS	We follow directions to the Collective , a huge room that easily holds the thousands who show up .
tr	NN	Ethan jabbed the code into his lock and swung into the main room .
tr	NN	You won 't kill a god who plans to march his armies to war ?
tr	NN	He could throw the bolt from the inside whenever he was ready to leave .
tr	NNS	" I 've just received several reports .
tr	NN	she asked the receptionist who looked at her curiously and said , " Just a moment and I 'll check where he is . "
tr	NN	" Problem two : we don 't really know the meaning or import of all of those ' sedimentary layers ' , as you put it .
tr	NNS	I saw two doctors come to visit her cage afterward . "
tr	NN	Tristan observed the crewmen shuffling around in it on the ground .
tr	NNS	A bookshelf littered with dusty electronics manuals makes a sudden hydraulic hiss and slides into the ceiling .
tr	NN	Furthermore , granting General White immunity -- even partial immunity -- will prevent the U.S. Attorney General from being able to effectively prosecute the case later .
tr	NNS	Right now , your new senses are directing your actions instead of your will .
tr	NN	Instead , he pulled back the curtain and stepped into the shower with her .
tr	NNS	Gabriel had spent two centuries hunting his beloved brother , but he had never fully recovered from the shock of Lucian 's turning .
tr	NN	He scares the crap out of me . "
tr	NN	To have another like him could cripple their organization .
tr	NN	If I say ' table ' , I 'll get one speech - that I 've already heard a dozen times .
tr	NNS	Simon searched his pockets like someone who was fighting against their own clothes .
tr	NNS	" Marketing and sales . "
tr	NNS	I could feel the hairs on my arms prickling .
tr	NNS	He 'd done two tours in Iraq , and with each return , Ed said he saw less of the boy he 'd raised .
tr	NNS	If that were to happen Zero didn 't have enough data to extrapolate what possible outcome it might have .
tr	NNS	Tall trees lined the sidewalks like dark sentinels .
tr	NN	Put my spin on what someone was right in front of me saying .
tr	NNS	She made three necklaces of the remaining claws .
tr	NNS	Moving too quickly could ruin his chances forever .
tr	NNS	I know Arlo 's capabilities and James is only human .
tr	NNS	I will strongly oppose any changes to next week 's script because they will , by definition , be inferior to what we already have .
tr	NNS	The merchant snatched up the coins and turned without answering .
tr	NNS	Leon rattled off his teachings in an excited list that at first made no sense to Kane .
tr	NN	" Resist the urge , Alec . "
tr	NNS	Cassie had freckles , too , but on her cheeks .
tr	NNS	So have you resolved your difficulties with Miss Bradshaw ? "
tr	NNS	Dipping his head , I felt the softest caress of his lips against my collarbone .
tr	NN	He took over the small farm they had .
tr	NN	I had a new respect for Nikolas in that moment .
tr	NNS	I take huge bites and enjoy the feeling of swallowing .
tr	NNS	* Forensics had captured the fingerprints from the outside of the envelope and confirmed there was no saliva ; the stamp was self-adhesive and postmarked from Newcastle .
tr	NN	Stuart gave himself another sexy smirk in the mirror .
tr	NN	Owen had blown off a chunk of Dixon 's chin and peppered his throat with bullets .
tr	NNS	He grasped the loose pages of the manuscript .
tr	NN	Just do me a favor and give yourself a chance , all right ?
tr	NNS	But you better learn , because anyone who doesn 't know , messes with the wrong person .
tr	NNS	We were both grown adults and things like that happened .
tr	NNS	Together they crossed the tracks and crawled under the brush to wait for the engine to pass and slow for the warning flags .
tr	NNS	I had missed many lectures of my class .
tr	NNS	I handed out five plastic cups of ice water .
tr	NNS	Varg could probably establish his credentials in fairly short order , but Tavi 's instincts warned him not to ask the Cane to do so .
tr	NN	He was making a weak spectacle of himself before a cold and unimpressed machine that could only stare at him silently .
tr	NNS	I had small bouts of insecurity every now and then , but I did my best to keep my fears in check .
tr	NNS	Summers are fairly nice , but every now and then we get spells of bad weather .
tr	NN	" I have here a warrant for the arrest of five members of this house , .
tr	NN	We can 't risk pregnancy , especially not now . "
tr	NNS	Linda hooked her thumbs through the belt loops of her shorts and smiled .
tr	NNS	Don 't I see some new houses beside them ? "
tr	NN	Staring at her reflection in the mirror , Julia saw past and future collide .
tr	NN	Brent was finally getting that sailing lesson .
tr	NN	" Lots of things have the potential to kill someone , my dear .
tr	NNS	Antonietta experienced her sexual reactions from touch , but he had all of his senses .
tr	NN	Azalea had popped the other tape in , hoping to get him at a better angle .
tr	NNS	Ruby threw back the covers and stood up .
tr	NN	The stand of old palm stalks , long dead , offered its protection from the weight of the sun .
tr	NN	He lay helpless and coughing weakly .
tr	NN	" You need a bath .
tr	NN	Then I found the diner .
tr	NN	" And do you have shampoo ?
tr	NNS	They had backpacks , but no sign of a rifle , fold-up or otherwise .
tr	NN	" Can you hand me my caster ?
tr	NNS	Just start the engines and let 's go . "
tr	NN	Because you have no other option at the moment .
tr	NN	" They wouldn 't mind some credibility in the story .
tr	NN	He had an easy personality .
tr	NNS	The warm aroma of spiced aftershave assaulted her senses , heightening her awareness of the man standing in the entryway .
tr	NNS	At noon I bought two Subway sandwiches and took a cab from Bleecker Street to Chelsea .
tr	NN	He 'd found a patch of sunlight spilling through the trees and had stretched out , as if to soak in the warmth .
tr	NN	" No one can cook a turkey like my mom . "
tr	NNS	I got some amazing sunrise shots looking to the east from the summit , easily the best from the whole trip .
tr	NN	Reliable and idiot proof . "
tr	NNS	Maddie gave us hugs and said she was sorry she was leaving us to spend the night with Grandma and Grandpa .
tr	NNS	In the time she had spent with Ezra , she saw similarities between the two of them .
tr	NN	Miranda dropped her threatening pinky .
tr	NN	" Maybe Painter will inform the president as a part of his appeal process .
tr	NNS	And she didn 't fob off my fears .
tr	NNS	Mirabella felt her ribs gingerly , then examined the length of her tail .
tr	NNS	As she tied her shoes , guilt tied knots in her chest .
tr	NNS	New clothes , shoes and a haircut had done wonders for the Dark Seer .
tr	NNS	A tailored blazer covered her breasts but a picture of them was stored in his memory .
tr	NN	They reached the cafe .
tr	NN	The emperor rolled his chariot in front of the table while Attica 's prime minister and the Pact 's chief delegate sat on blocks nearby .
tr	NNS	" Yes , we use our mouths only for speech . "
tr	NN	Claire resisted the urge to say , Yes , Founder , and silently -- in defeat -- followed her to the limousine .
tr	NN	That only covered about half the cost of attendance though .
tr	NN	" I got a chocolate cake at the store . "
tr	NN	On the field in the sunshine I relished the joy of baseball , the chance to compete .
tr	NN	" We have a new police chief . "
tr	NNS	He recognized the campers for what they were .
tr	NN	" Sloane made the announcement this morning .
tr	NNS	They exchanged cool greetings .
tr	NN	You and Sydney have a visitor at the front gate .
tr	NNS	We never did drugs . "
tr	NNS	She 'll get your supplies and show you the rounds . "
tr	NNS	" I can spell ' world ' backwards .
tr	NNS	Said the place gave her the creeps and she turned right around and went back to Annapolis .
tr	NN	" You don 't believe all that crap .
tr	NNS	" You know Alexis ? "
tr	NN	He owes them a favor , and I could collect .
tr	NNS	He opened the pages of the book with care and skimmed the words .
tr	NN	The caressing flames were swiftly restoring the white paint that had covered the elaborate , brightly coloured patterns .
tr	NN	He was shouting compliance when he noticed that it wasn 't the Viet Cong above him but Claire , trying to wake him .
tr	NN	" I checked the temp , and the oil was fine . "
tr	NNS	In walked two priests .
tr	NN	Hornsby demanded perfection from the men assigned to the guard , and uniforms and equipment were polished endlessly .
tr	NN	He pops the cap and begins to chug down its contents .
tr	NN	Patrick felt her shuddering around him .
tr	NN	Sam stuck his knuckles in his eyes .
tr	NN	Louise felt his body tense , and when he spoke again his voice was almost childlike .
tr	NN	She had a sweet tooth too ?
tr	NNS	An Amber Alert went out online and on the local news stations .
tr	NN	She 'd been sobbing out her grief and fear .
tr	NNS	Their riders were not wearing glowing necklaces .
tr	NN	Brian had written out a summary of the case on several sheets of yellow , legal paper .
tr	NN	Then Fiona took the pup and disappeared into the safety of the demon dimension .
tr	NNS	Never waste opportunities given to you , for you will never know what they will present in the long run .
tr	NN	Give me a thumbs-up if you understand this . "
tr	NNS	He also had heavy doses of strong sedative present .
tr	NN	An elderly man walked a Labrador retriever past my car .
tr	NNS	A jagged spear of lightning pierced the clouds , unleashing a torrent of rain .
tr	NN	Twice , I 'd faced the possibility of death , and I couldn 't expect them to face it with me .
tr	NNS	His silver eyes glow as he stares at me with the same intensity as the first night in his apartment .
tr	NNS	I will fulfill my contracts as promised .
tr	NNS	He could detect the wolves in the swaying branches of trees as well as the brush along the edges of the forest .
tr	NN	She had a sweetness about her that made me want to protect her .
tr	NNS	Not only could it store and extrapolate data to logical conclusions , but also it had the ability to self perpetuate in other computers .
tr	NN	As if such a preposterous statement required a double snort .
tr	NNS	Nadine read the numbers off her joint credit card to the agent .
tr	NN	He tweaked her ponytail as he downed the rest of his coffee .
tr	NNS	I produce two red apples , extending my gloves .
tr	NNS	I had always liked Jess , she could be a little loud and obnoxious at times , but for the most part I thought she was hilarious .
tr	NNS	" Putting the tin cans on the back ? "
tr	NN	Nameless Andrew felt nausea .
tr	NNS	Marie ripped the covers off of her head , down to her hips .
tr	NNS	She took two steps down the bleachers and then turned back .
tr	NNS	The walls had many observation points where they would be able view outside the ship as it traveled .
tr	NN	A pack of cats or wolves can 't match the ferocity of one grizzly .
tr	NNS	" Can 't have two weddings in a row .
tr	NN	Ethan tucked a dark curl behind his ear .
tr	NNS	Jez stares at Julianne standing before him , leaning against the edge of the wall .
tr	NN	Proceeding to a large communal shower , Pigeon chose a nozzle and turned on the water .
tr	NN	Quickly looked away and bit my finger , then took a quick peek again .
tr	NN	" It 's taking all my patience .
tr	NNS	He 's been shitting proverbial gold bricks for as long as I can remember .
tr	NNS	A moonlight stroll , a starlight kiss along the shore had her dreaming romantic notions .
tr	NN	He had destroyed the coffin and thrown away all the contents of the box , save for the book .
tr	NN	Yet on Earth , a person needed adequate footwear .
tr	NNS	Had she misinterpreted his actions ?
tr	NN	" Aren 't you going to be head chef here ? "
tr	NNS	Several of them held up food trays for protection .
tr	NNS	Most people already had by the time the machine scanned my fingerprints .
tr	NNS	She took the pencils and put two colored sticks and a wheel in their place .
tr	NNS	" Yer talkin ' fairy tales .
tr	NNS	I never saw any more wild dogs or girls in the garden or men of shadows .
tr	NNS	Big warships have never sailed these waters .
tr	NN	Maybe Rachel really was having a nervous breakdown .
tr	NNS	I had many , many light balls ( bulbs , are what the people used to call them , ) and they were my specialty .
tr	NN	He rolled Delilah 's rope into a small loop and slid it into his pocket for safekeeping .
tr	NNS	" Give me six orgasms within one hour and you can have ten .
tr	NN	Though that sounded like an appealing option .
tr	NN	Sarah checked the sensor readout on her right wrist .
tr	NN	I liked his tight butt .
tr	NNS	I have no clients of my own .
tr	NN	' Look , ' Mr Evans said , ' young Barry here , has potential .
tr	NNS	Mairi nervously smoothed out non-existent creases on the ankle length skirt of her daisy yellow dress .
tr	NN	She 'd probably have left Little Spirit for a week or two but had worked late on Monday and The Electric Ballroom lay on her path home .
tr	NNS	I was watching her perky tits as she said it , so I blinked like an idiot .
tr	NNS	" You can pick up permission slips and a list of what to bring on your way out of class .
tr	NN	As he stared at Adani 's face , his HUD watched the blood drain from his face .
tr	NN	He catches a fish for each .
tr	NN	He had the newest technology and everybody bought it .
tr	NN	Beth dropped the bridal magazine she had been holding in her lap .
tr	NN	He set his ice cream down and looked over at Joey who shrugged .
tr	NN	Not just a tower , not just a locked tower , but the roof of a locked tower .
tr	NNS	I take few silent deep breaths to try to control my anger and avoid a scene , for which I will undoubtedly get blamed for .
tr	NNS	Nick made arrangements with Bill to increase security .
tr	NNS	" Actually , London , I haven 't had any relations with Miss Blake .
tr	NN	You must take responsibility for your crimes , even those performed in the name of the greater good . "
tr	NNS	I scrape back the stray hairs into my ponytail .
tr	NN	He didn 't bother answering .
tr	NN	He retrieved the man 's pistol and pocketed the weapon .
tr	NNS	He dropped two coins into the hand of each guard , then made to pass .
tr	NN	" Yeah , I read the file . "
tr	NNS	I noticed crowds of both Winter and Summer fey edging back from the rulers , and wished I could do the same .
tr	NN	" Dara , " she called , her muffled voice spilling in around the cracks , " you have a visitor . "
tr	NNS	Clary recognized various members of Luke 's pack , including Maia , who grinned across the room at her .
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths and then sat up and started texting him back .
tr	NNS	She 'd heard tales of the dark things that lived and died beneath the temple Dark Fist .
tr	NNS	Turning his attention to the menu , Royce quickly picked out a couple items .
tr	NN	Anything could change the tide to either side . "
tr	NN	He always repaid a debt .
tr	NN	That afternoon she 'd had her assistant e-mail the contents of several files to her .
tr	NNS	She had called board members and caused problems for me .
tr	NNS	When she tried to politely refuse , Paul 's eyes flashed danger signals , and his voice dropped two octaves .
tr	NN	I love every follower of my Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
tr	NN	Without making any attempt to clean himself up , Michael addressed his nephew .
tr	NNS	Abby put her slippers on and went to the window .
tr	NN	After some time he took out the headband that they had finally given him and examined it .
tr	NNS	Whoever you 've been going to see every time you run errands .
tr	NN	Cliff tossed another treat into the air and the creature caught it , shoving it into that churning maw .
tr	NNS	" Same here , " I said , envious of how easy it had been for him .
tr	NNS	" But we 'd need passwords and all that . "
tr	NN	He tapped his horn twice .
tr	NN	Franco slapped a wad of gauze on Wade 's shoulder , clearing away the fresh blood .
tr	NNS	This wooden machine has five moving targets on it and it takes me about twenty five tries to hit each one of them .
tr	NN	" Everyone needs a hobby .
tr	NNS	Why can 't they just light the fires ?
tr	NN	Wow , Iridium thought , this guy has a good brand of BS !
tr	NN	And after that , little by little , one by one , came the first knocks of the hammer that finally destroyed us all .
tr	NN	I grabbed a wet sponge from the kitchen sink and wiped my hand , arm and sleeve .
tr	NNS	If you think you can keep me when I want to go , then you have truly lost your senses . "
tr	NN	His fingers held the shaft so lightly Jase 's balls jumped .
tr	NNS	This time , I kept the candles as far from the parchment as I could .
tr	NNS	Connected to the command module were docking ports with hatches to two of the other sections .
tr	NN	And Chase had defied that code last night .
tr	NNS	He 'd soon be breaking hearts .
tr	NN	Tench suspected the latter .
tr	NNS	We don 't need the extra complications .
tr	NN	She fought down a guilty pang .
tr	NN	The woman , clearly an important figure in the house , eyed her skeptically .
tr	NN	Alaina missed the archive .
tr	NNS	" I may require additional data . "
tr	NNS	We heard other pebbles bouncing further away from us .
tr	NNS	Ill take off my briefs . "
tr	NNS	Some sharpened the blades of their battle axes .
tr	NNS	" You hate landscapes . "
tr	NN	" Maybe after this is all over you could give me a pointer or two ? "
tr	NN	Only a true servant of God could reach physical clarity under the sacred roof of the church .
tr	NN	" You wanted a formal proposal , so I just gave you one .
tr	NNS	He winces at my words , and then presses on the brake , guiding the car to the side of a deserted stretch of road .
tr	NN	He had a debt to settle with them , that was for certain .
tr	NNS	He could not control his movements .
tr	NN	" I 'd forgotten his coloring .
tr	NNS	# The same afternoon found the dock workers in the Level 4 Meditation Chapel attending the funeral of a fellow dock worker , Nathan Webb .
tr	NNS	I have some serious trust issues as well way beyond whether or not to let go during sex . "
tr	NNS	She raised her chopsticks in an effort to stop him .
tr	NN	When she did speak , I detected again that musical quality that her accent gave her voice .
tr	NN	Maybe some R & B or Tchaikovsky would alleviate the terror simmering through her muscles .
tr	NN	Jennifer Tilley announced her engagement a few weeks later .
tr	NNS	People like the Randalls don 't get their servants by putting an ad in the newspaper .
tr	NNS	" Great politicians weave tales to inspire their people . "
tr	NNS	Was Dean projecting his own actions on to someone else ?
tr	NN	I have my assumption but we shall see . "
tr	NN	He snickered a creepy little smirk just to get Jake 's attention .
tr	NNS	He had sisters and knew from experience that Emma was probably talking to Phoebe right now , describing every aspect of his many faults .
tr	NN	She 'd asked the bar worker to keep secret from her companion the fact that she wasn 't imbibing .
tr	NN	She didn 't like his furniture ?
tr	NN	Somebody had our location , looked like .
tr	NN	He wanted this confrontation .
tr	NN	I said a prayer that night , a long one .
tr	NN	Or possibly ' I like cake . '
tr	NN	I felt a little pang inside at the sight .
tr	NN	The coldness on her skin provided a delicious contrast with the fire inside her and the heat he generated with his large body alongside hers .
tr	NN	But with this , they have made a quantum leap . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll give you fifty dollars . "
tr	NN	He popped open his soda .
tr	NNS	" You recovered all eight shops ? "
tr	NN	' Few hours actually , ' corrected the Scientist .
tr	NN	He noticed my resistance and intertwined my fingers with his .
tr	NN	But he had a throne , and he settled into it .
tr	NN	Was a time , the words on those pages would have formed a dagger thrusting straight into his beating heart .
tr	NNS	Mage matched her coolness , unruffled by whatever had transpired between them .
tr	NNS	Many notable medieval philosophers and modern philosophers have developed arguments for and against the existence of God .
tr	NN	We have lost all our fortune ; we have nothing .
tr	NN	She pulled out her pen from her back pocket and absentmindedly flipped it between her fingers .
tr	NNS	You can accumulate and retain powers gleaned from your completed adventures - but remember you are mortal . "
tr	NN	Instead , I open the menu and bury myself in it .
tr	NN	Amat smacked her soundly on the side of the head .
tr	NN	friend of mine had a run-in with them recently . "
tr	NNS	Then , he could issue the funds and divert them into his bank account .
tr	NNS	One that echoed around the shallow , elevating halls .
tr	NN	I had a miscarriage .
tr	NN	If the person belonging to the footsteps had actually heard them , wouldn 't she check the closet ?
tr	NNS	The secretary changed directions and ducked into the men 's restroom .
tr	NN	Can we not just bypass this colorful patch ? "
tr	NNS	" Now you 're free , " he tells the bugs in an enthusiastic voice that resembles his mom 's .
tr	NN	Only those who could believe in the unbelievable had any success in cryptozoology , which was probably why I hadn 't .
tr	NN	In the distance , Haven saw a bright pinpoint of red fire glowing amidst a sea of yellow and white city lights .
tr	NNS	One of the giants drew several pairs of safety goggles out of his duffel bag .
tr	NN	I can feel our sweat mingling together and our breath syncing along with the rhythm of our footsteps .
tr	NN	Accept my pity , my reborn king . "
tr	NN	Tim set his fork aside and reached for the spoon .
tr	NNS	Many of them had minor burns on their faces and bodies .
tr	NNS	He hovered inches away .
tr	NN	" We have some mingling to do .
tr	NN	He pulled aside the curtain a little .
tr	NNS	" I can see the spells .
tr	NNS	She stretched her inner thighs .
tr	NNS	Making my nipples so painfully tight .
tr	NNS	I wouldn 't get two inches .
tr	NN	To Sarah , who at least had the talent to recognise it .
tr	NN	But they did not know the meaning that their words would bear .
tr	NNS	Nobody was throwing water balloons or waving sparklers or even wearing red , white , and blue .
tr	NN	Matthew clicked open his briefcase and pulled out a printed agenda roster .
tr	NN	" My mother wants custody of Tess . "
tr	NNS	He must have fresh subjects .
tr	NNS	I can 't find any torches in this one . "
tr	NNS	Always keep your suits in top condition .
tr	NNS	Chip was making gasping , surprised noises as he took this all in .
tr	NNS	Danny can 't leave his classes , " she told me , a sigh coating her words .
tr	NN	They have one movie theatre - it smells weird .
tr	NNS	The white wyvern waved his clawed talons to conjure a dark mist that surrounded the Golden Shepherd .
tr	NN	Perhaps I 'll meet someone special [ Looking at Riley ] and you can stand up at our wedding .
tr	NN	He had barely caught the phrase .
tr	NNS	you slip the doorman five bucks before you asked ? "
tr	NN	She entered a small alcove , closing the door behind her .
tr	NNS	I filled my pockets and dragged myself back up the hill .
tr	NNS	A subtle whiff of his cologne invades my senses .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs .
tr	NN	Diana carefully kept all inflection out of her voice .
tr	NNS	" And you just killed two members of their family .
tr	NNS	" They 'll debate these issues until they 're all happy .
tr	NN	She could feel the breeze on her skin and smell the sharp odour of freshly caught fish .
tr	NN	We find the rifle and we 'll match the varnish and the scratches .
tr	NNS	She stacked the plates and Steve put them into the cupboard .
tr	NN	His lips brushed her temple again .
tr	NNS	He could at least do the dishes .
tr	NNS	Now there were unwashed coffee cups on the small table by the sofa , along with old magazines and unopened post .
tr	NNS	She has certain issues that will provide more problems than you would find in a more conventional woman . "
tr	NN	You need a lesson in manners Nightingale . '
tr	NNS	" Knives , you see , make different marks .
tr	NN	I can 't sell a married young rock star to the buying public .
tr	NNS	Jake threw the batteries into the fire .
tr	NNS	' It 's not going away Jess - sooner we get this sorted the better . '
tr	NNS	" Release knots . "
tr	NN	He untied the cloth from across his eyes and peered at the boy .
tr	NN	It gives him joy to see us together , as it always gave me joy to see the two of you . "
tr	NN	Should test with chemically developed film .
tr	NN	Linda Shaw had left the infant Celia with an aunt and uncle , and fled .
tr	NNS	The white wraparound sofa she sat on cost ten thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	He scanned his surroundings for the creature she had summoned .
tr	NN	I wore a black Nina Ricci sheath .
tr	NN	Her green eyes betrayed complete and utter terror .
tr	NNS	But I do hate changes .
tr	NNS	How do they ever stop fires in there ?
tr	NN	said the oh god .
tr	NNS	She turned the windshield wipers on again .
tr	NNS	The Elves had patients and presence of mind to procure a rope and they were all armored and well armed .
tr	NN	They 're calling it an incident . "
tr	NN	Suddenly he set the fork down and he rested his forehead in his hands , elbows on the table .
tr	NN	He sounded a pissed-off as I 'd ever heard anyone sound .
tr	NNS	" Does he have any other special powers ?
tr	NNS	" I have some dream mushrooms . "
tr	NNS	It sounds innocuous to anyone who isn 't familiar with Curtis and his methods . "
tr	NN	But how had they broken my compulsion ?
tr	NN	It was hard enough climbing up this damn hill .
tr	NN	Stuart replaced his receiver and ran his hand through his hair .
tr	NNS	I slide the covers off .
tr	NNS	The six soldiers with pistols diminished the politeness of the invitation .
tr	NNS	In ten years the Seaside Center has had seven directors .
tr	NN	The state trooper pulled his cruiser within a few feet of our rear bumper .
tr	NN	She said a tiny prayer .
tr	NNS	I straightened his twisted covers so he could get situated back in bed .
tr	NN	He had her pinned , however , and he was much larger then she was .
tr	NN	The jet screamed down the runway as the sobs and tears transformed into weeps and gasps .
tr	NNS	" Cuff him and read him his rights . "
tr	NN	She had the unmistakable rasp of a smoker , and , paired with her thick Midwest accent , she sounded like Mike Ditka .
tr	NN	It has some rants about how to achieve success and all that stuff that makes the business successful . "
tr	NNS	" Did you actually see any fangs ? "
tr	NN	I inherited a loathing of shopping from my father .
tr	NNS	Give me some dates , tomorrow and return , what date ? "
tr	NNS	He had used condoms with her .
tr	NNS	" Live cats ? "
tr	NN	You 've seen the video of what Watson can do .
tr	NN	I spit my juice all over the place .
tr	NNS	Mr. Fields handled the chores , making dinner , signing Emily 's permission slips , and doing the laundry .
tr	NN	Lousy fucking CIA intelligence . "
tr	NNS	You 've been sleeping off the drugs during since then . "
tr	NN	Jackson made a dash for the kitchen and gathered up as much food as he could .
tr	NNS	He immediately gave examples from his years as a teacher , illustrating that there is nothing to understand .
tr	NN	He hit the pavement .
tr	NN	She was wearing the dark green nightgown he loved to strip from her , with a short white robe over it , loosely belted at her waist .
tr	NNS	I had missed many lectures while stopped attending my classes in the college .
tr	NN	" I 'm not using the handicap of your sexual adolescence to beat you , Haidar .
tr	NNS	He was carefully watching the van 's movements .
tr	NNS	She retrieved the coins and dialed 911 .
tr	NNS	But the change in the soils took more than two centuries of work .
tr	NNS	We make these " arrangements " as you called it to protect our race . "
tr	NNS	She switched cups with her father while the men laughed at her .
tr	NN	The impact gouged a crater in the ground five feet wide , throwing red dust into the faces of the other beasts .
tr	NNS	He saw the wariness in her eyes and wished he could do something to reassure her .
tr	NN	" Most men carry their crap in a shaving kit .
tr	NNS	" I do applaud your efforts .
tr	NN	Neil ate another mouthful before he replied .
tr	NN	She put her ballpoint pen in her mouth , removed the cap with her teeth and wrote , " Nature has officially announced the arrival of winter .
tr	NN	When the shit hit the fan , she could take credit for giving vamps the time of their lives , and invite humans to join the party .
tr	NNS	She 'd put her designs on hold to help her family , and for what ?
tr	NN	You only gave me the short version . "
tr	NN	He inserted the needle directly into the jugular vein , taped it and instructed Garrett to hold the bag up .
tr	NN	Deemed a historical monument , no less , by the Tunbridge Wells City Council in August of 1966 , hence the plaque .
tr	NNS	The five of them all wore matching bands .
tr	NN	She 'd had little learning , though , besides the reading , writing , and arithmetic they 'd all done as children .
tr	NNS	I unlocked the forks , then put the key in and turned the ignition on .
tr	NNS	" I think walking would take just a little bit too long , " Rick gave his two cents .
tr	NNS	Victoria hit the clubs .
tr	NN	" Could have been worse , " Simon replied , a low growl under the words .
tr	NNS	The heap of sand had steep slopes scalloped by wind .
tr	NNS	But the mind can play tricks .
tr	NN	And she didn 't feel even a twitch of uneasiness .
tr	NN	Connie asked , her eyes narrowing .
tr	NN	Quit whining and start . "
tr	NN	They use their students ' intelligence to solve problems their own scientists haven 't been able to fix , to help them advance their weapons and programs .
tr	NNS	Maks left his companions and lingered a good half an hour before trotting down the trail the truck had used the night before .
tr	NN	Do you wish armour , or do I just keep him out of arms ' reach of knives today ? "
tr	NN	When they were all dead , the beast trampled every pod hut in the village while the warrior set each on fire before moving to the next .
tr	NNS	But right now , he held all the cards .
tr	NNS	" It 's monitoring all the signals passing down the fiber so I can see all the traffic . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't have another fifty bucks , nor was there any more money in Levi 's hiding place under the loose floorboard in the barn .
tr	NN	I drop my fork .
tr	NNS	Its feet were webbed and resembled large , scale covered fish fins .
tr	NN	She locked the dashboard and walked back towards her ladder and climbed downstairs .
tr	NN	With a few quick gestures she called up a roster of visitors .
tr	NNS	I write contemporary urban fiction novels .
tr	NN	She 's sworn a blood oath to kill my entire family .
tr	NNS	When I arrived at the hospital I checked my surroundings .
tr	NN	I open the refrigerator and pull out a soda .
tr	NN	" And if I don 't want your protection ? "
tr	NNS	Her infected blood neutralized the cravings , and together with Sarah being a Shield , the fog in my mind began to clear .
tr	NN	The genetic engineering had an extraordinary potential .
tr	NN	" I need supply info .
tr	NN	Had she been licking old paint or something ? "
tr	NNS	The boy barely had whiskers to shave , and yet they 'd sent him out to chase a madman .
tr	NN	Awareness shot down her spine .
tr	NNS	Beck , run the samples from yesterday 's EVA through the spectrometer . "
tr	NNS	When we heard you were going to be the replacement he made some snide remarks , but I didn 't figure it was open warfare .
tr	NN	Subdued lighting of various colors gave the place a rainbow effect .
tr	NN	Randy moved the skillet off the burner and turned off the stove .
tr	NNS	The brochure about the islands mentioned tours of the inland parts of Rarotonga .
tr	NNS	She had some issues to work out , and my being there wasn 't going to help .
tr	NN	Simon touched his rib cage , wincing .
tr	NNS	A guy I don 't know strolls in .
tr	NNS	I stopped and rubbed my temples for a minute before continuing .
tr	NNS	We 've got some classes starting soon . "
tr	NN	He put the flute on the pool of the fountain .
tr	NNS	Tom had withdrawn funds for a vacation the day before the attack , so he had more cash left than others at the auction .
tr	NNS	He 's growing leaps and bounds .
tr	NNS	Lucas removed the coins from his breast pocket and set them on the counter .
tr	NNS	Katie patted the covers where Jen 's head would be .
tr	NNS	My board is showing all signals and switches are lined up .
tr	NN	Shifting uncomfortably as his body stirred in anticipation , Gideon choked back a groan of frustration .
tr	NN	Marcus Hanna had found a reputable contractor who would agree to repair every home for $ 13,500 .
tr	NNS	Beauties can 't have brains in my dad 's little universe .
tr	NN	And did you see that awful haircut ?
tr	NNS	Davis had beautiful eyelashes too , just damn near unbelievably long and thick , and he decked himself out in all the gold he could find .
tr	NN	Was what I said that offensive ?
tr	NN	My hands slowly crept up her ribcage until my thumb swept across the swell of her breast .
tr	NNS	She had made sandwiches for their journey and packed away a couple of pop cans surrounded by ice packs in her saddlebags .
tr	NNS	Something major was afoot within the organization , stirring up all her contacts .
tr	NNS	The water elemental had hired the giants to murder their own bosses , promising them who knew what to get their cooperation .
tr	NN	Later after graduation , Ricky had a huge success in the mining industry .
tr	NNS	She scooted our items up on the conveyer belt .
tr	NN	Charlie had taught philosophy at Meredith for getting on to twenty-five years .
tr	NNS	" I have no doubts that he is one of us .
tr	NNS	" No , the fewer people we come in contact with , the better our chances of accomplishing our goal in secret .
tr	NN	He 'd had an argument with Peter right before we headed into the tunnels .
tr	NNS	They 've somehow hacked the satellite distribution systems .
tr	NNS	A white tank top set off her firm breasts and tanned arms .
tr	NNS	People needed small miracles like that to keep going , to keep hope in their hearts .
tr	NN	" I demand equal treatment ! "
tr	NN	She opened her blog site dashboard with a sigh .
tr	NN	It was like winning the lottery .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to bounce on my tiptoes .
tr	NNS	Nice drop of Scotch , put hairs on your chest .
tr	NNS	" Did you say bugs ? "
tr	NNS	Bugs shouted uncontrollable obscenities upon hearing Smith 's coy admission .
tr	NN	The truth described a large proportion of the male population , so she could speak honestly .
tr	NNS	She held her daggers shakily in front of her , uncertain of what to expect .
tr	NN	Maybe in his own twisted and , yes , selfish way , Kurt had enough humanity in him to love them .
tr	NN	I could have thrown a dead fish as far up the beach as anybody .
tr	NNS	" You have many other talents , so I suppose I shall forgive you . "
tr	NN	Finley leaned one hip against the table and crossed her arms .
tr	NNS	" Yes , Right now , I don 't get too many opportunities to go out since Bird won 't go . "
tr	NNS	But she still hated all dragons at the moment .
tr	NN	He had one goal in his life and his attention on that goal was total . "
tr	NNS	He felt his temples throbbing to an irritating , counterpoint - beat , throb , beat , throb ... .
tr	NN	Kelly placed the notepad back where he 'd found it and sighed deeply , then hunted for the remote .
tr	NNS	" We cannot mix old master tapes with the new memories ? "
tr	NN	I really meant no harm .
tr	NNS	I sweep the cards away .
tr	NN	" Bulldog , we woke The Man .
tr	NN	I made a growl of frustration and slammed the doona with my fist .
tr	NN	" How much capacity do you run your plant at night ?
tr	NNS	" I 'll get the water samples . "
tr	NN	Do you perhaps have a nip you could spill into my coffee ?
tr	NNS	His warm breath teased the baby hairs at her temple , and strong fingers gently buried themselves in her hair , soothingly combing through the thick mass .
tr	NNS	Obviously , her recent celibacy had caused her hormones to go insane , until any man who touched her set her off like a firecracker .
tr	NN	" Crooked liquor ? "
tr	NNS	Her uncle Fes has been taking meals to her .
tr	NN	She shoved the info into her pocket without looking at it .
tr	NN	He would end this charade so that when he found Nicole , nothing would stand in his way .
tr	NNS	Your child does not like car rides . "
tr	NNS	Lowering her gaze , she watched his buttocks in the short pants he wore .
tr	NN	Had Alexander forgotten his passport ?
tr	NNS	But oh well ... motherhood has its wonders , I guess .
tr	NN	Hank responded , affirmation finally beginning to sink in .
tr	NNS	The stricken yacht was sinking quickly and with it Boyd 's chances for a wealthy retirement .
tr	NN	" You have the option to work in pairs or groups of three .
tr	NNS	" Not that it 's any of your business , but Pepper searched me out that night because he knows I have connections to Patch .
tr	NN	His olive skin and wavy black hair made his blue-grey eyes sizzle .
tr	NNS	Every review increases the chances that other readers will discover this novel and influences what I write in the future .
tr	NN	I know that craft .
tr	NN	The Pawn shop near the mall didn 't have any jewelry so they went to downtown Jamestown .
tr	NNS	I will do what I can if you need anything - just ask the servants to call me .
tr	NNS	" You were solving math equations most of our scientists can 't finish . "
tr	NNS	Chapter 29 Hills Steak House served the best steaks in the Boston area .
tr	NNS	He pats his pockets .
tr	NN	Doug crammed his tall frame into the passenger seat sooner than I expected .
tr	NN	She then tugged something impatiently out of it and Colin watched in fascination as it tumbled around her face , neck and shoulders .
tr	NNS	There went our chances of getting out of this .
tr	NNS	" Don 't worry , I 'll handle assignments .
tr	NN	I follow the follower .
tr	NN	Something feral inside him wanted her drenched in his scent , warning every man in the room that she was his .
tr	NN	The other children obviously shared his unease .
tr	NNS	He pulled his extra ammo cans into his firing pit and lined them up on the left side .
tr	NN	I couldn 't believe it , Thom had won the lottery ?
tr	NN	AH , BUT WE ARE NOT IN THE WORLD , said Death .
tr	NNS	She didn 't reject me , she was just having some personal issues .
tr	NN	Right now , Isaac 's feelings ran much hotter .
tr	NNS	Of course , she couldn 't forget the coldness of their skin and the impossible way they moved .
tr	NN	They 'll just go down the row , pop pop pop , and then drag the dead bodies away .
tr	NN	But you can 't resist your destiny . "
tr	NN	I approached the outhouse with caution , not certain what to expect .
tr	NN	She saw no resemblance .
tr	NNS	Gazing about , the lead table holds robed adults while the others hold children of various ages .
tr	NN	" Don 't try and play a punk with me , Jared . "
tr	NNS	Here , " he handed her a few spare clips which she secured away in one of her uniforms many utility pockets .
tr	NN	We have a special treat for everyone .
tr	NNS	I took a few bites of my fish , glancing around the restaurant .
tr	NN	I felt apprehensive about going in , but I did not feel paranoid .
tr	NN	In the old days , she would have forgotten her granddaughter on a day like this .
tr	NN	" What the devil are you talking about ? "
tr	NNS	My voice came breathless .
tr	NN	" Well , maybe don 't use the word condom . "
tr	NN	If we do so , we are setting a precedent we cannot support . "
tr	NN	Jane tapped the phone option and entered Whitney 's number on the touch screen keypad .
tr	NN	He had a reputation for being friendly among most people , but now he was acting just like he looked -- cold .
tr	NN	-- You can 't get any smoother than that , Dave .
tr	NNS	I have fangs . "
tr	NN	At least he 'd finally acknowledged his mortal status a few hours ago and downed a couple of muscle relaxers .
tr	NN	" No , cain do dat .
tr	NNS	Freaks and more freaks .
tr	NNS	As they walked through Fortune Alley , Melinda saw three psychics set up at the edge of the street , offering free , five-minute readings to passersby .
tr	NN	We don 't know the extent of her involvement , John .
tr	NNS	He then switched positions and faced Anna .
tr	NN	Dressed all in white , she bore a crown of laurel branches .
tr	NN	" Now take off your t-shirt and turn it inside out .
tr	NNS	Asking all sorts of questions and shit ! "
tr	NNS	I have rights too .
tr	NN	Enjoying the joy of motherhood and new life .
tr	NN	Jacob has somehow escaped his blazing confinement and grabs my arm , wrenching it from Nicole and the fire .
tr	NNS	Jacob , his revolver now leveled towards the pair , let out a long hiss .
tr	NN	Roth gave a lopsided shrug .
tr	NN	The same woman might have a completely different pregnancy with each child . "
tr	NNS	" I have a few desirable items here and I think we can put together a more than reasonable dinner . "
tr	NNS	Deprived of light , Ethan found his other senses honing tenfold by the second .
tr	NN	If I 'm not mistaken , the middle sister married a knight . "
tr	NNS	Everyone grabbed plates and began dishing out the hot food .
tr	NN	He obeyed the judge 's command and lowered himself to the chair .
tr	NNS	Ryland has brought a few stragglers as well .
tr	NN	He had a range of 25 days during which Iris might launch .
tr	NN	Perhaps he had earned his punishment .
tr	NN	" I could go cold turkey . "
tr	NNS	" You want brains ? "
tr	NN	She let out a groan .
tr	NNS	All smoked cigarettes as they toiled , single file , along the trail .
tr	NNS	So the bioluminescent animals in the sea have incorporated these bacteria into their bodies .
tr	NN	The boy does not know our vendetta against that evil man .
tr	NN	Metaphorically she was lighting a candle for her brother every single day for five years . "
tr	NNS	He examines the call data .
tr	NNS	They 'd cut their damn noses off to spite their faces .
tr	NNS	This one had two panels bordered in gold , one above the other , with layers of wood to suggest the shape of two eyes .
tr	NNS	Deliberately , he ignored Saber 's frantic signals , holding the receiver away from her , fending her off with one hand .
tr	NNS	" Well , if you play your cards right ... " Unfortunately , Jake was hard to catch off guard .
tr	NN	Ethan lifted the kitten and rubbed its fur against his face .
tr	NN	Did you need proof ? "
tr	NNS	He shuffled the cards and asked , " What do you know ? "
tr	NNS	" I don 't do floors , windows or bathrooms .
tr	NNS	He 's wearing khaki slacks and a button-up shirt with rolled up sleeves .
tr	NN	Could I ask another favor ? "
tr	NNS	Ruth did a thumbs up as she shuffled down the long hall to the bedroom at the far end and closed the door .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	We must keep vigilant and be prepared to rush to his aid if necessary . '
tr	NN	Inside herself , as always , she burned tin and pewter .
tr	NNS	Janie collected the plates to do dishes .
tr	NNS	He fired a few more shots and the enemy returned his volley .
tr	NN	( I take the next item out of the satchel .
tr	NN	Jason would keep the condo ; she had been vague on where she would go .
tr	NN	After a minute or two , she felt the sensation of descent and looked out the foggy window .
tr	NN	After all , she possessed an outgoing personality and regularly spent time with the likes of Callie Talbot and Sara Sherbrooke .
tr	NN	Cordelia , one of the more popular caste mates , sends a jellyfish to her friend , Simone .
tr	NNS	" I 've treated patients , and I know that there is such a thing .
tr	NNS	Ignored all my texts . "
tr	NNS	Seeing an assortment of shabby shoes outside on the floor , he slipped off his designer sandals and tucked them behind a pair of red flip-flops .
tr	NNS	They 've got all these fountains and pools on the course .
tr	NNS	I dug my fingernails into Mason 's back as he pushed in a little further .
tr	NNS	And a good night 's sleep for a change would probably work wonders for me .
tr	NNS	" We give them the rights to the land that the park and the field of roses lie upon . "
tr	NN	" I 've really enjoyed the wonderful treat . "
tr	NNS	They can 't learn tricks by incentive , or be treated as domestic pets .
tr	NN	Alma threw the towel onto the table .
tr	NN	So far , any mention of them usually spelled disaster for me .
tr	NN	Flip took the beetle and took a bite .
tr	NNS	My afternoon didn 't hold any real surprises .
tr	NNS	I search the aisles for Nicole .
tr	NNS	He settled arguments and protected them .
tr	NNS	* * * Blue walked the hallways of a sprawling oceanfront mansion on Long Boat Key .
tr	NNS	She resisted attempts to be drawn into conversation .
tr	NNS	His being in the Marines most of his life gave him opportunities to visit exotic places and learn the ways of other cultures .
tr	NN	Trying to distract my thoughts , I picked up a magazine which lay open at the puzzles page , and made myself focus on the crossword .
tr	NNS	It 's getting monotonous . "
tr	NNS	" Did you say cameras ? "
tr	NNS	Ancient books , parcels , and scrolls filled the mounted , timeworn shelves on two of the four sides of the room .
tr	NNS	He questioned the true motives of the first group and he 'd seen the destruction wrought by the second in the name of nationalistic identity .
tr	NNS	The whole community had expectations for them that made him feel obligated .
tr	NNS	Wear something nicer than that . '
tr	NN	He put his pencil down , shut off the beam of light , removed the adhesive patch from her check .
tr	NNS	They fled many generations ago , but left the charged stones behind .
tr	NN	Often its grimaces achieved a horrible resemblance to people whom Ransom had known and loved in our own world .
tr	NN	Just flunk the bar exam and we 'll give you one of those paralegal offices in the basement . "
tr	NNS	The offensive actions alerted his sensors to the immediately disclosed location of several other Greyhounds .
tr	NN	She 'd carefully figured the time element into her schedule of events .
tr	NNS	I even see versions incorporated into other objects like hats and belts .
tr	NN	When running back across the room toward the door , she bruised her hip when she ran into one of the three tables .
tr	NN	Demetri pulled a marker out of his pocket and signed a few napkins for the girls before sending them on their way .
tr	NNS	This could get real sticky , and I need you . "
tr	NN	" You still have my shampoo ? "
tr	NN	He gave a grim snort .
tr	NNS	While he was doing that , Theresa quietly put the used plates and napkins back into the basket to keep them from blowing into the ocean .
tr	NNS	Zack stares at it and tilts his head , " Never seen it before . "
tr	NN	He senses my entire body tense up in the wake of his question .
tr	NN	" You need a haircut .
tr	NN	Knowing it was Charlotte in disguise put the whole encounter in perspective .
tr	NNS	She pulled her goggles down over her neck to reveal two white circles around her green eyes .
tr	NN	She would not break this eve ; and really , this man would not break her for many months or even years .
tr	NN	Will noticed a row of four cupboards that the staff used to store personal possessions and which had a number of images on the front .
tr	NNS	Taking any drugs ? "
tr	NN	I have a release and waiver signed by Tequila Watson allowing me to see all of his files , including the medicals . "
tr	NNS	I will cite a few examples .
tr	NNS	The blue in Mac 's eyes really stood out next to the dark colors of the other band members .
tr	NNS	Sylvie poured the remains of her coffee down the drain and looked out the window .
tr	NN	Against my fee . "
tr	NNS	He put away his blades and walked away from the Popes who started talking among themselves .
tr	NNS	He opened both panels of one window , threw the backpack out and managed to squeeze through himself .
tr	NNS	The guys were all back at their bikes , putting their helmets back on .
tr	NN	Her breathless laughter sent a shaft of longing straight to the region below his belt buckle .
tr	NN	" All right , go get your soda and we 'll play twenty questions for a little bit . "
tr	NN	I grabbed an always handy clip and twisted my long hair into a quick updo .
tr	NNS	" We did discuss the other bids . "
tr	NN	" It requires a second rune to complete it , to work properly .
tr	NN	" If you wish to repay me , then stand up just a little straighter .
tr	NNS	My eyes must 've been playing tricks on me .
tr	NN	Mrs. Whitaker pushed a stray strand of hair , that had escaped from her ponytail , behind her ear .
tr	NN	The momentum of the energy is already established , hence , subduing one or even two or three terminals would have negligible effect .
tr	NN	" I 've readied a bath for you in the bathhouse .
tr	NNS	Even then , at that tender age , I did not like the restrictions on my sex . "
tr	NN	" You have made your noble gesture , Senor Kropp , and the driver is waiting . "
tr	NNS	That left Jess with her opportunity to sing .
tr	NNS	I tickle her ribs .
tr	NNS	They were a team , each other 's sounding boards and their anchors in stormy seas .
tr	NN	" Perhaps , " He drew his knuckles lightly across her cheek .
tr	NN	He had the surreal impression that someone was playing a practical joke on him , though to what end , he had no idea .
tr	NN	He was monitoring the bankruptcy filing .
tr	NNS	" I got your supplies from your room .
tr	NN	To America 's great embarrassment , they uncovered only agricultural equipment - plows , shovels , and small tractors .
tr	NNS	Other people had taken both items , when faced with those choices , but there were always bad outcomes .
tr	NN	You would never doubt my allegiance .
tr	NN	Chief Tracey thoughtfully left an email for him this morning reminding him that he was to meet and lead the winner around the station .
tr	NN	The Americans clearly did not have proof of the cargo yet .
tr	NN	She spared one final glare for Lorcan .
tr	NNS	His breath brushed my thighs , warm and inviting .
tr	NNS	" Feeding the masses . "
tr	NNS	Sage gathered the reins of the horses and ran up the canyon to a place where he could climb out .
tr	NNS	My son had freckles , too .
tr	NN	Same tall muscular frame .
tr	NNS	I didn 't have any complaints about that .
tr	NNS	And Kira deserved a little more luxurious surroundings to make up for the squalid equipment room she 'd woken up in yesterday .
tr	NN	She picked up her handbag and strode off to the washroom , determined on being what she was supposed to be for Jake .
tr	NN	She held up her flute with a brisk nod .
tr	NNS	" Son , I saw those pages the vamps sent .
tr	NN	She checked her wristwatch , then glanced to Gray .
tr	NNS	Had you developed your powers from your father completely things might have been different . "
tr	NNS	The women took a few scratches at one another before tiring of their sport , but no peace was discovered , only further animosity .
tr	NN	Locke sent him a glare .
tr	NN	McKie felt the emotional shudder from his Bureau chief .
tr	NNS	After consuming as much of the Dark Wet as she could , she sank her fangs into meat and pumped her venom into the spot .
tr	NNS	Won 't that find the chemicals in the body ? "
tr	NNS	The grand foyer has amber marble floors .
tr	NN	From the corner of his eye , his gaze met a painting on the wall , one he 'd not seen before .
tr	NNS	They ´ re females , all of them .
tr	NNS	While you are working on that I will make final arrangements for your travel to California . "
tr	NN	Hunter started the dishwasher .
tr	NNS	" You 've got the basics well enough . "
tr	NNS	" Regardless of how it may appear , I do have your best interests in mind .
tr	NN	" You won 't find a nicer gal anywhere . "
tr	NNS	But sleep either meant visions and Cronus or nightmares of Titans rising up from the earth , and I couldn 't stomach either right now .
tr	NN	* * * It had taken a bribe , but Dawn finally managed to get a room at a motel .
tr	NN	He gripped the butt of his gun holstered at his hip .
tr	NN	Mr. Stott opened a drawer and withdrew four business cards , handing one to each of the kids .
tr	NNS	" No , but I 've known ghosts who have .
tr	NNS	Melanie brought out our hot meals , and we dug right in .
tr	NNS	We also need provisions , whatever you can spare . "
tr	NNS	Jason gathered the supplies and shoved them back into his backpack .
tr	NNS	The outskirts of civilization rose up around them -- abandoned buildings and industrial lots filled with rusty machinery and old trucks .
tr	NN	Thinking she could discover her pregnancy while she was alone had exacerbated his misery at her disappearance .
tr	NN	Dread inched up her spine , sending shivers over her shoulders .
tr	NNS	I still have a few minor aches and pains , but I feel like I 'm ready to walk again .
tr	NN	He set the countdown timer to ten seconds , placed the phone into one of the empty black trays and slid it onto a shelf .
tr	NNS	Throwing out her hands , she held twin balls of fire .
tr	NN	Just the thought of being outside makes my head spin .
tr	NN	" Well , I don 't have the promotion yet . "
tr	NN	Calvin gave the thumbs-up .
tr	NNS	He called two other law school pals , but both had kids and obligations , and it was pretty short notice .
tr	NN	I ask , my urge to rush him out fading .
tr	NNS	The platter of pizza slid several inches away from him towards the edge of the table .
tr	NNS	Until then , I 'd made excuses , because he 'd been so gentle and loving with me .
tr	NN	asked Simon worriedly about the deceit .
tr	NN	So I made a special tape for you to listen to before your transformation and played it while you were sleeping .
tr	NN	I tossed the towel aside , shaking more from anger than the wet coldness seeping through my clothes .
tr	NN	She felt the blood drain from her face at his silence , knew she was fast approaching the same state he was in .
tr	NN	Malcolm grunted an affirmation and followed her .
tr	NN	Each had a henchman sized cocktail in their hands .
tr	NN	And the emotional response to the baby that he hadn 't been able to hide had shaken her conviction that he 'd be a bad father .
tr	NN	Traffic was moving a better rate into town than out of it .
tr	NNS	Her short nails left scratch marks in the rug as he slowed his pace .
tr	NN	Daddy had a sailboat , a beautiful custom yacht ... two masts ... four cabins ... a full time crew .
tr	NNS	The sky roared , thunder splitting open the heavens to reveal a fury of flame .
tr	NNS	Why are you taking these birds ? "
tr	NNS	The basement diagram displayed several intersecting corridors .
tr	NNS	In turn the envoy reported moderate losses , mostly from the mounted troops .
tr	NN	He didn 't cut their overall height but mostly seemed concerned with making them look neat .
tr	NNS	Coral fluttered her eyelashes .
tr	NN	If you leave voluntarily , I 'll write the finest recommendation you can imagine .
tr	NNS	An odd blue beetle passes inches from my nose , oblivious .
tr	NN	" I say steak and ribs , then go to Rossi 's for tiramisu . "
tr	NN	The police already have a signed release from the family .
tr	NNS	We don 't need two crazies in the house . "
tr	NN	Maybe we should just forget our bargain altogether . "
tr	NNS	Three months after he fled Cleveland , they were still eating his carcass .
tr	NNS	Since then I have , for arcane reasons , published more novels , books of short stories , and poetry collections of varying lengths and value .
tr	NN	I felt the somber attitude of the morning cut through our happy moment and I reluctantly let go of my bride .
tr	NNS	" The usual , " she said , " ipad , knives , guns and for back up : paper and pencils . "
tr	NN	The words ' Vote for Amber Hicks , A Gem of a Homecoming Queen ' bordered a crown centered on the paper .
tr	NN	She wrote down her simple heartfelt plea : " I want to come home .
tr	NNS	Her breath made clouds of fog in the bitterly cold air .
tr	NN	Ramona Jax lent me my bone structure , but she fills out a dress better than I do .
tr	NN	He 's got that really fair coloring , light blue eyes , invisible eyelashes .
tr	NN	" Thank you , Lily , " she said , taking the woman 's hand and this time she felt no resentment .
tr	NNS	Still unnerved , they followed the electric leads to the end of the crypt but could find no alarm bell .
tr	NNS	" How you leave dishes in the sink because you 're still pulling clean ones out of the dishwasher one at a time as you use them ?
tr	NN	They were taunting each other playfully and flipping the disc like a red flying saucer .
tr	NNS	Alcohol numbed my shamanic powers a little bit and sometimes let me forget my problems .
tr	NN	Without warning , she shot a black vile of energy with her right hand , almost destroying my substitute armor .
tr	NN	Charles crumpled up his napkin and threw it towards the trash can , barely missing it .
tr	NNS	He had no illusions that he was capable of sneaking into the village , finding his father , or getting back out again .
tr	NN	In moving my hair , I 'd revealed the gold lily .
tr	NNS	Quietly she mixed biscuits inside and watched him cook the meat over the coals .
tr	NNS	In unison they threw their next balls .
tr	NNS	I have been reading the archives again .
tr	NNS	But as soon as she felt compassion , she remembered her visions of his father 's cold brutality .
tr	NN	She swallowed the nausea that threatened to overwhelm her at his closeness and said , " How kind you are after everything I did to you . "
tr	NNS	Yet as my guardian he wielded the unofficial powers of a Prince ( since I followed his advice practically all the time ) .
tr	NN	If anything , the icy air made a nice contrast to Trevor Walker 's warm embrace .
tr	NN	Get your uncle to grab Sarah 's autopsy report and tell him this is important . "
tr	NNS	' -- with your medical conditions . '
tr	NN	He found a marker and wrote on it and then it was time for them to leave .
tr	NN	" We saw the video .
tr	NNS	Pour two cups of water and a small amount of salt in a pan and bring the water to a boil .
tr	NN	I took the pen from the doctor and signed the papers to commit my twin brother to a psychiatric hospital and cried while doing it .
tr	NN	Without bothering to get up he scooted his rucksack pillow out of the light 's path , adjusted it then drifted off again .
tr	NN	Perhaps they did us a favor by casting us out . "
tr	NNS	In retrospect , several people won goodly sums , and with the house limit on loss , no one suffered much .
tr	NN	I merely did my duty as a soldier protecting the interests of my country .
tr	NNS	He tucked the covers around me securely before retreating to the bed below .
tr	NNS	But they cycle the tapes , so he 's not sure whether or not it 's been destroyed .
tr	NNS	In the back we could have two classrooms .
tr	NN	" You could ride a cart through it , but it is very high . "
tr	NN	She flipped her red haired ponytail and batted her eyelashes .
tr	NN	The Aker 's must have just refilled their marine fuel supply when they got to the island just a week or so earlier .
tr	NN	Eddie gave her shoulder a squeeze .
tr	NN	The man plopped the dead bird on the ground and walked over to a wooden wagon behind Leon .
tr	NN	Not that I had an option to say no .
tr	NN	" Wait a sec .
tr	NN	Callie didn 't own the farm , and her parents would be selling it soon .
tr	NN	The sound of her name garnered a scowl as she pulled the visor of her hat down a few inches .
tr	NNS	The odd humans in makeup were now honking each others noses .
tr	NNS	Her father didn 't give rides to many women , but that didn 't mean he couldn 't or hadn 't .
tr	NNS	They sold millions of them throughout his presidency . "
tr	NNS	The guests only filled the first three pews of the Methodist church .
tr	NN	So far , Emily and Julie had diligently maintained a deep trance but the constant intrusions prevented them from establishing a link .
tr	NN	If he was , this gave a whole new meaning to the words " Mighty Vampire Lucien " !
tr	NNS	He sold blueprints and schematics on cutting edge future technologies to the highest bidder .
tr	NN	One hurt look from her had the most curious effect upon him .
tr	NN	" Have faith , son . "
tr	NN	And she could get that promotion and go on the exciting jobs that would take her mind off sex .
tr	NN	I learned that lesson the hard way .
tr	NNS	Upon arrival at the airfield an old age pensioner gave him directions and showing them where to park their car .
tr	NNS	Actions I regret , actions that I 'll never be able to take back .
tr	NNS	So Celaena merely studied the pages he displayed for her , flipping through one after another .
tr	NN	Kelly tucked the candy in her pocket while Ethan slid into interrogation mode .
tr	NNS	He could remember certain classes at school where it used to feel like the clock was broken .
tr	NNS	She redoubled her efforts to get away .
tr	NNS	Then , the dragon could re-join his companions in other quests .
tr	NNS	She ... said it would only cost me fifty dollars for the whole night ! "
tr	NNS	We stood a few yards from the shoreline of Cronus 's island , and the palace loomed above us , a giant shadow against the bright sky .
tr	NNS	He will surrender his claims to the Papacy and offer Luna an agreement . '
tr	NNS	See the scratches along here .
tr	NNS	Then I chiseled out a billion little chunks between the holes .
tr	NN	She felt a tingling sensation on each of her shoulder blades and looked behind her as two huge wings of blue energy unfolded from her back .
tr	NN	" You got a haircut ! "
tr	NNS	You might have lost your abilities , but your connection to Josh survived .
tr	NN	I felt jealousy stirring in my stomach .
tr	NN	It came down to what I could handle : the possibility of Adam 's eventual rejection , or never being with him again .
tr	NNS	He could take the sentries out before they knew what hit them .
tr	NN	It sent a flood of emotions through me , and I forced myself to remember my mission here .
tr	NN	Mike gave an elaborate shrug .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths , not answering .
tr	NN	" We recently conducted a sting operation on some radicals .
tr	NNS	Everyone I pass stares at the bruises , and I can 't help feeling self-conscious to the point that I tug my collar up to my ears .
tr	NNS	" Develop any other skills you want to tell me about ? "
tr	NNS	We 're both consenting adults .
tr	NN	I swallow back the lump in my throat and try again .
tr	NN	He felt her body shudder at the small bite of pain mixed with pleasure .
tr	NN	A large table in front of it draped in green , held a very large bronze basin which was empty , and two candelabras on either side .
tr	NNS	I had two immediate reactions to this .
tr	NN	" She sent me my first customer two years ago , when I first opened for business .
tr	NN	He added his quick advertisement for official public consumption .
tr	NN	This tone gave the impression of being agitated .
tr	NNS	Caesar and Peeta have a few empty exchanges before Caesar asks him about rumors that I 'm taping propos for the districts .
tr	NN	Sucking in a calming breath she managed an offhand shrug .
tr	NN	I felt dismay when he said that -- more of those ugly things all over my house ?
tr	NN	I liked doing that kind of thing on tree branches so we found a gymnastics store with everything I 'd need -- even the steel rod .
tr	NNS	Twice now I 've heard reports about you watching out for the Hope groups .
tr	NN	Back in the Committee Room they were double and triple checking every detail to ensure that everything was in perfect order .
tr	NNS	Were there normal families then ?
tr	NNS	All those raw vegetables and beetles - " He broke off .
tr	NNS	He trailed his palms down my sides and gripped my hips .
tr	NN	Rosie had her bath , and she gave Fat Charlie a lingering peck on the cheek , and she went home .
tr	NNS	" They must have suffered some losses , too . "
tr	NNS	" Yes , thank heavens . "
tr	NN	Extensive surveillance had delivered up the strong possibility that one of Greaves 's generals had a base of operations out there .
tr	NN	Without a word or a glance , he put his boot to Jackie 's waist and pushed her toward the edge of the cliff .
tr	NN	Ben had the biggest urge to smash her silly smiling face into that mirror and then throw her down onto the bed anyway .
tr	NNS	He drew back the covers and put her to bed .
tr	NN	I can 't deliberately cause harm to someone without severe , immediate retribution .
tr	NNS	" I have four little sisters .
tr	NNS	They were walking a few paces in front of her .
tr	NN	His elegant hands performed their graceful invitational gesture .
tr	NNS	" She sends her apologies that she cannot personally answer your summons .
tr	NN	A woman on her knees stirred a lentil stew on a horseshoe-shaped oven .
tr	NN	My hands clutched his undershirt .
tr	NNS	She loved the designs I brought back from Paris .
tr	NN	Chase met his brother 's glare with his own .
tr	NN	The woman should have taken up psychology as a profession , the way she loved to listen to people 's woes and give advice .
tr	NN	He sent up a silent prayer that it was true .
tr	NN	And like an idiot , I tried to prove my ... manhood with other women .
tr	NN	A chill raced up my spine as I realized that was exactly what Nat 's dad had called me .
tr	NNS	" We don 't have any ornaments . "
tr	NN	Instead , he bought a small bouquet of bright tulips , Leslie 's favorite flower .
tr	NNS	His words melted her insides .
tr	NN	His biography was titled A Happy Death and it detailed the many moments I would have liked to keep private .
tr	NNS	But hold on , folks .
tr	NNS	" My mom has all the numbers for carry-out memorized . "
tr	NNS	CHAPTER 47 Vel and I follow the directions from the handheld .
tr	NNS	Can you make miracles ? "
tr	NNS	I can feel hard bits , but don 't know , don 't know which limb , if it is blunted , unformed .
tr	NNS	She did not easily understand my scientific terms .
tr	NNS	" Eat your vegetables .
tr	NN	They finished off the outfit perfectly .
tr	NN	I grabbed my shower cap and walked to the bathroom .
tr	NNS	A silver dart stuck up out of the fur and Selena could see teeth marks around it from his efforts at prying it loose .
tr	NNS	Had he befriended a slave , in the same way she had befriended Lucius ?
tr	NNS	We exchanged numbers and I walked back to my apartment .
tr	NNS	Sometimes in that white light they see ancestors , or parents who have gone on .
tr	NNS	" About my scales .
tr	NN	Everybody awaited the clear downside to relying on thought .
tr	NN	I wish no harm to your poor wife but I 'm no Saint .
tr	NN	He didn 't have an appointment , after all .
tr	NNS	Will is taking the stacks as they are finished and he 's adding up the totals with his calculator .
tr	NN	He had never experienced jealousy and found it to be an extremely ugly emotion .
tr	NN	I had blood and alien slime on my clothes .
tr	NNS	Like humans , we all have our strengths and our weaknesses .
tr	NNS	Janice poured four inches of Chablis into her glass .
tr	NN	In Junction City , was Dalton encountering the equivalent of giant pies and fudge waterfalls ?
tr	NN	I ignored the tingling that warned my finger was going numb and brightened my light again , long enough to take a good look all around .
tr	NN	My parents have nobody else .
tr	NNS	You should probably make arrangements for your son . "
tr	NN	He made an over dramatic pout and got up .
tr	NNS	I don 't mean like the scratches of little animals , I mean marks that gouged the metal deeply .
tr	NN	The girl notices the cop ; and soon , the three of them race away in their car .
tr	NN	Olivier must have seen the disgust on my face .
tr	NNS	Get the twins to help you .
tr	NN	I exhaled my annoyance .
tr	NN	He couldn " t run it , not at this time of day .
tr	NNS	She had read the directions , and still the smoke billowed from the oven .
tr	NNS	Remember those self defense classes ... I didn 't think .
tr	NNS	He felt his temples .
tr	NN	" They found the wreckage of her ship in orbit .
tr	NN	As he listened intently , he felt an inherent willingness to let his mind drift towards the salary and the lifestyle that he stood to attain .
tr	NN	" After you finish your breakfast I 'll give you your first driving lesson . "
tr	NN	I remembered her unease of being touched for long and instantly pulled away .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples , there was a lump on the side of her head , she touched it briefly sending a stabbing pain across her brain .
tr	NN	The one who controls the proxy controls the fate .
tr	NN	Maybe find a hidden treasure .
tr	NN	They 're putting out an evening edition , and we 're the lead story . "
tr	NNS	" Because I don 't recall any complaints at the time . "
tr	NNS	Emma made out two figures tearing through the branches .
tr	NNS	All the vegetation around me gives me the creeps , especially knowing our enemies are watching , waiting for us .
tr	NN	You have a fortnight to decide .
tr	NNS	I just take a few deep breaths and dial Maddy 's number .
tr	NNS	" You all have awesome powers over someone like me and you can kill me just by looking at me if you wanted to . "
tr	NN	He set his fork down and gazed at her , " Only as much as you want to tell me . "
tr	NNS	I wiped my sweaty palms on my pants , and sudden panic hit me .
tr	NN	" I put a clean towel on the back of the toilet , in case you get up before me and want a shower . "
tr	NN	He brushed his knuckles over her cheek .
tr	NNS	Rolling onto his right hip , Isaac pulled the directions out of his pocket .
tr	NN	I took a few slow , deep breaths because I had to .
tr	NN	She gave a delicate shrug .
tr	NN	Jack took the flute and stood up near the Whistler 's tall bronze figure .
tr	NNS	I felt bricks beneath my hands , and beyond them something else .
tr	NNS	" Or should I say targets ? "
tr	NNS	They might have dogs !
tr	NNS	But Rick had been smashing helmets all day , and for the first time since high school he was looking for contact .
tr	NNS	They had metal frames with padded seats , the stuffing poking through in many places .
tr	NNS	We made our apologies and left .
tr	NN	Thank goodness you didn 't have to worry about snow .
tr	NN	He opened the fridge and laughed .
tr	NN	Those shadows couldn 't hide the sage who patiently waited just at the bottom of the hill , however .
tr	NNS	He pushed the wineglass toward her without speaking , only his black eyes gave ironic challenge .
tr	NNS	We 'll fetch back your sisters to help your ma get the foodstuffs together . "
tr	NNS	Briony took her twins down and she has Daniel .
tr	NN	" I 'll put this tape on . "
tr	NNS	If the vampires are playing tricks on you ... As you are ?
tr	NNS	" Did you guys have gangs when you were young ? "
tr	NNS	The damp air felt cool on her cheeks and refreshing after the close confines of the house .
tr	NN	He liked her humor , her warmth , and her sensuality .
tr	NN	I got the impression her questions were laying a foundation and building towards something .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of the warehouse space past his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Dropping his head into his hands , Preston massaged his temples .
tr	NN	I should have brought that strut with me to the Pathfinder site .
tr	NNS	Don 't spread lies about him . "
tr	NNS	They had questioned my workers who told them I was very adamant about knowing when they came and went .
tr	NN	His aqua eyes darken and I can 't help but kiss him .
tr	NNS	I could feel your magical nature powers .
tr	NNS	Because Pate didn 't trust Duncan 's animal instincts .
tr	NN	They 'd given me a ribbon that said Horrible Mention .
tr	NN	I feel her shudder and can 't help but grin .
tr	NN	Hearing the equivalent from Gabriella 's parents ... It cut .
tr	NNS	The question caught both squad members off guard .
tr	NN	I heard a crunch as it broke , but I was no longer watching him .
tr	NN	But , the more she listened , the more Vin understood the Church of the Survivor .
tr	NNS	She touches her temples and closes her eyes for a moment .
tr	NNS	Otis was working the levers , moving the gravel , mumbling to himself , seemingly unaware of the monkey on his shoulder .
tr	NNS	While this was telling , the room next door shouted silent volumes to the mute whispers of the other three .
tr	NNS	Nearly all of his friends growing up had servants and many of them had long-standing staff who had effectively become members of their family .
tr	NNS	I stand hunched , twigs and leaves tangled in my hair .
tr	NN	A cold gust of wind sent his head spinning .
tr	NNS	Owens called out , " More fibers ahead , Dr. Michaels .
tr	NN	I ignored her plea .
tr	NNS	She 'd pulled pranks on him ; he 'd pulled pranks on her .
tr	NNS	Jane noted with approval the numerous etched glass globes and crystal pendants poised like an over-sized papal crown above Poe 's head .
tr	NNS	For instance , how did he choose his victims ?
tr	NN	He had equipment to mend or replace , and he had some specific things he needed to learn quickly before his next mission .
tr	NN	Marianna scraped a fingernail along a smudge on the pillar with undue concentration .
tr	NN	She placed her handbag back into its proper spot and squared up her chair .
tr	NN	Neil stifled a yawn .
tr	NNS	After collecting the backpack still lying where Hagan had dropped it , Lucas observed the onlookers .
tr	NN	' You never open the package . '
tr	NNS	Frank put some numbers in the ground at his feet .
tr	NNS	The dead rushed over the chairs , crawled up the windows , sank claws into the edge of the stage .
tr	NN	I split open a fish and started eating , tossing the other one over to Kai .
tr	NN	As you say , you have given up any claim to me . "
tr	NNS	I spent centuries without hope , and you came to me in my darkest hour . "
tr	NNS	Over the years we had our houses burned , stones thrown at us , and priests trying to exorcise the devil from me .
tr	NNS	My dad doesn 't appreciate pets .
tr	NN	If I let you get around me again , I 'll lose respect for myself . "
tr	NNS	He told me things ... nightmares he 'd had while he was up here and ... " Her eyes glistened in the light .
tr	NN	He nods and forces the lump down his throat with a hard swallow .
tr	NNS	Lucien and Lorraine drew aside the tapestries of the King 's four-poster bed .
tr	NNS	" Vincent , " her voice a caress , " My darling , sweet , intense Vincent .
tr	NN	Together , they stared down the tangle of overgrown yard to the sandy beach below .
tr	NN	I heard the argument distantly .
tr	NNS	And we definitely won 't have any funds to buy Christmas presents and food this year for the annual party .
tr	NN	" Kiran has asked for your hand , Eden , " Amory cleared off an iron bench with his magic and took a seat .
tr	NNS	Lots of things are considered scandalous that we consider normal . '
tr	NNS	The walls of the room undulated , curved , formed tunnels , thick and blue around her .
tr	NNS	All twenty dollars , or whatever I had left after the bus trip and lunch .
tr	NN	Kane scooped a small handful of berries from the pail .
tr	NNS	" And leave our families . "
tr	NN	He pinched her backside and she jumped and slapped his hand away , laughing .
tr	NNS	Jamie spread her thighs apart and held her hands out for him .
tr	NNS	Her hands travel up my thighs , and one wraps around the base .
tr	NNS	Joe Hess checked apartment numbers .
tr	NN	She 'd nearly cleared the last stable when something barreled into her .
tr	NN	Then he left the operation of the Sultana to his crew and descended the navigation ladder to return to his quarters .
tr	NNS	I will clean out the filters . "
tr	NNS	Firing it up he noted all the outgoing numbers plus the dates and times .
tr	NN	Through the trees he glimpsed the distant henge .
tr	NNS	We grabbed our coats and scuttled for the door .
tr	NN	Taking in the room , he noted the antique furniture and original paintings that hung on the wall .
tr	NN	When the boys arrived , he gave each one a rifle and a box of ammunition .
tr	NNS	He could not interest the new students in this mystery , even when he showed the papyrus , the vase , the tablets .
tr	NNS	We 're in pitch blackness , he can 't see my movements .
tr	NN	He must have heard the angst in her voice because his smile vanished .
tr	NN	As usual , he ignored the advice and did not tell the doctor of the long trip he was about to take .
tr	NN	She hopped off the dresser .
tr	NNS	" Now , why would this little hideaway have only cushions for two ? "
tr	NN	Tomorrow they 'd do some sightseeing .
tr	NNS	After lunch they 're having reindeer wagon rides and a visit with Santa . "
tr	NNS	Afterward , she knelt down , her lips scant inches away while she blew air gently on it , to cool it even further .
tr	NNS	" I have more welts . "
tr	NN	I take his cock in my hands and start stroking back and forth , making a tight fist .
tr	NNS	And that included some pretty major accidents .
tr	NN	My first taste of him sent my world spinning .
tr	NN	" Would you like a brew to help you sleep ? "
tr	NN	Before his mind had known Aurora 's soon-to-be fate .
tr	NNS	That should give you ten points at least . "
tr	NN	He braced a boot on the cabinet behind him and sagged back with a long exhale .
tr	NNS	" And we won 't blow this man 's brains all over the woods ! "
tr	NNS	Who needs brains for that ?
tr	NN	But so few of us ever realise that potential , or maybe it 's just that we waste it all on ourselves .
tr	NN	We direct evolution toward this new genesis . "
tr	NN	The pill was taking effect , and I was only mildly interested in the answer .
tr	NN	And I have a balcony .
tr	NNS	Five arrows hit the shields on his left leg between knee and ankle .
tr	NNS	Rage burned my insides .
tr	NNS	Backing up to get a full picture he spotted perhaps twenty ships .
tr	NNS	The People finally took back their rights by force in what would be remembered as the Girl Scout Revolution .
tr	NNS	You 're feeding the birds ? "
tr	NNS	They don 't even have bread baked yet , so we might as well get comfortable .
tr	NN	Nightshade doesn 't have the option of just cutting her off . "
tr	NN	President Davis addressed the nation that evening after the Empire 's troops had conquered Cuba : The Communist party held Cuba hostage since 1959 .
tr	NN	Melvin held up a blue sparkling paint .
tr	NN	For that , she 'd need a good soak and plenty of soap .
tr	NN	She picked up the slice of pizza and stared down at the oozing cheese .
tr	NNS	" Then why are they wearing your damned comic opera uniforms ? "
tr	NN	He kissed her jawline and her neck .
tr	NNS	Kate dishes up two plates of omelette , the saliva in my mouth ready as I grab my fork and stuff a large piece in my mouth .
tr	NNS	" But if you buy boxes of cereal , you can save gorillas .
tr	NNS	Jake peered down corridors to his left , then to his right .
tr	NNS	Fear suddenly flooded her senses .
tr	NN	She felt acid rising up in her throat as she recalled her junior high school English class study on the Greek legends .
tr	NN	Funny , like a needle in the eye .
tr	NNS	He had tubes and IV 's fastened to his body .
tr	NNS	She 'd wept buckets over that , and her divorce , too .
tr	NNS	To take chances even when the odds are against the both of you ? "
tr	NN	Liz couldn 't contain her mirth and laughed .
tr	NN	Max retrieved a file which had not been in the sorted stack .
tr	NN	Mike was standing over the stove in his apartment , the ground beef in the frying pan sizzling .
tr	NN	Anna took a leap of faith to bring me what was needed .
tr	NNS	Most of them have issues with the place and aren 't very happy about the way their father arranged getting them back to Aspen . "
tr	NN	" Way too much opposition . "
tr	NN	I noticed the tag on its little arm .
tr	NNS	Magic healed the burns and bruises covering my body and the gash in my head .
tr	NN	" I can 't force anybody out , especially those with man-eating pets . "
tr	NN	' You can at least take some punishment .
tr	NNS	His hand traced the weeds , the broken windows .
tr	NNS	It barely covered her thighs and she 'd never felt so vulnerable and exposed .
tr	NN	She touched the pentagram she had drawn on her chest through her sweater .
tr	NN	She didn 't let emotion leak into her voice .
tr	NN	You could choke an elephant . "
tr	NNS	" Finally , it must have been three hours before morning , I heard noises outside the cell .
tr	NNS	She could just imagine the reactions from her father and stepmother , Angela .
tr	NN	Her lips make a perfect O as they run in through the backdoor .
tr	NN	A large garden separated the castle from the horse pasture .
tr	NNS	Do you grab all your dates that way ? "
tr	NN	They churned out straight ahead blues with all the enthusiasm of a dentist waiting room .
tr	NNS	The full moon lit the waters of the Caribbean as I looked over the railing of the S.S. Champion .
tr	NNS	Returning the stares of the crowd , as they quickly glanced away .
tr	NN	Most importantly we have the task of repaying Linda Lake ten thousand dollars .
tr	NN	No one will recognize their new creation , and that 's all that matters .
tr	NN	Calypso had won the initial confrontation , only to lose moments later as he lunged on top of the Butcher and quickly found himself outmatched .
tr	NN	Perhaps give you a spin in it later , if you like . "
tr	NN	At least they 'd have proof that a second murder victim had a link to someone at the salvage yard .
tr	NN	It broke what little furniture it had not already smashed .
tr	NNS	The phones don 't take coins . "
tr	NN	But as to the involvement of my family with either death , I can only feel disgust that anyone would try to sensationalize these unfortunate events .
tr	NN	" Were you upset over your honorable discharge from the Marines again ? "
tr	NN	Thankfully , I didn 't fail that onerous task .
tr	NN	He 'd positioned the dead bolt high so that no slave could reach it .
tr	NNS	I personally guarantee them high-profile positions in new departments .
tr	NN	" Rich sure has nice equipment .
tr	NNS	If we so choose , we can stop the wheels and cogs of this burgeoning world ; we can bend it to our will .
tr	NNS	You will form connections with mortals , and you will live well beyond their lifetimes .
tr	NNS	I ceased my feeble attempts at freedom .
tr	NN	" And a woman so tall makes an impression .
tr	NN	I found the tower closest to the rebels ' tunnel and paced alone in the small space all night .
tr	NNS	Why fall my lands and friends from my embrace ?
tr	NNS	" I no longer trust the archangels .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes I wish all these multinational corporations and holding companies had never been allowed to come into existence . "
tr	NNS	Well , the firemen wouldn 't recognize the vases , as indeed most of the policemen wouldn 't .
tr	NN	She played football , so to speak , so she must use offense as a quick defense to get out of tight situations .
tr	NN	He cut off a large chunk of ham and shoved it in his mouth .
tr	NN	What the fuck have you done ?
tr	NN	We have lost our humanity .
tr	NNS	" What if she doesn 't make her payments ? "
tr	NNS	I palmed her perfect tits , rolling the sensitive tips against my palms .
tr	NN	The band was playing a softer tune behind her .
tr	NN	He 'd had a potent effect on her from the beginning .
tr	NN	Imagine my chagrin . "
tr	NN	While he listened , he passed an angry glare at Taylor .
tr	NNS	When the old man was alert he followed their movements among the potted cactus .
tr	NN	As the troop broke into a gallop , the prisoner cracked his whip and followed as fast as his horse could manage .
tr	NNS	" You still look eleven to me . "
tr	NNS	They have painting classes , and dance classes for those who can get around . "
tr	NN	I asked the left sentry .
tr	NN	He pulled a backpack out of the car and went inside .
tr	NNS	" I 'd light those fires again , Dianna .
tr	NNS	You should see the architectural models I made for Mr. Frist .
tr	NNS	The rest of us were out here working our butts off for a little bit of beans to eat .
tr	NNS	" You used your mystical powers . "
tr	NN	After she and her grandmother talked a bit , Doo Ri unpacked her instrument and sat on the floor with it in her lap .
tr	NNS	To change even the smallest thing could have extremely damaging repercussions .
tr	NN	A little quiver ran down her spine .
tr	NNS	- never truly showed her cards .
tr	NNS	Did she just bat her eyelashes ?
tr	NNS	Mario had just given Romano preliminary numbers from the first two nights .
tr	NN	Guy suppressed an annoyed growl as Blake instantly responded , " Guy is my twin . "
tr	NNS	His kiss put all sorts of naughty ideas , desires and wants , hurtling through my veins like a drug .
tr	NNS	The Mustang rolled back six inches and stopped .
tr	NN	" Yes , one night she left her hut to get water , and I followed her . "
tr	NNS	But if one looked deeper , they 'd find pockets of poverty .
tr	NN	" Why can 't you give me any credit for being an adult , able to accept responsibility for my own actions ? "
tr	NN	Lucy Ann appreciated the gesture , and she wanted to trust .
tr	NNS	His return to Lancaster was early , his time away spent defending allies for his laird .
tr	NN	The woman gave a delicate snort .
tr	NN	And where would he have got a condom anyway ?
tr	NNS	He had heard the tales of them , of course , but they had not adequately impressed upon him the effect of the creatures ' presence .
tr	NNS	And you have powers that far exceed superior strength . "
tr	NN	She ´ s combatting his romantic plea .
tr	NN	A chill ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	The others in the class let out mad giggles and enjoyed the grilling session Nomi was receiving .
tr	NN	She touched her communicator , reporting , " This is Margo Red . "
tr	NN	She unleashed the potential and possibilities which were already there within him and he valued it more than she could realize .
tr	NN	He valued status , intellect , and prestige .
tr	NN	The spectral eye of the nightlight cast its deep velvet sheen over the little room .
tr	NNS	She heard murmurs of disbelief .
tr	NN	He had a cough and tummy ache that had persisted for a few days .
tr	NNS	How many rooms and halls ?
tr	NN	But the weird gyrations did cause the football to fall off the tee .
tr	NNS	' Oh , you 're doing that fine yourselves . '
tr	NNS	Darius raised us , the band members .
tr	NNS	" But I know your teammates , Penny .
tr	NNS	I push the covers off and dig through my bag for running shorts and a sports bra .
tr	NN	Of course we have to call Roland master , " she mimes vomiting after putting a finger to her mouth .
tr	NNS	I need some more metals .
tr	NN	Waiting by his brother 's bed , Monsieur stifled a yawn .
tr	NN	Bert upended his tankard , spit a frothy belch and set the vessel on the bar .
tr	NNS	" Pull the wheels off ! "
tr	NNS	* Seth and Becky had taken provisions with them and remained away from the wagons and alert for any signs of trouble .
tr	NNS	I offer prayers to the gods daily , for the well being of our impertinent emperor , and for Rome . "
tr	NN	His magic lay coiled about him , a violent pet with vicious teeth .
tr	NN	He tapped the toe of her shoe with his .
tr	NN	I 'd never seen anybody from Egypt , though I knew from Sunday school that Moses had had some adventures there .
tr	NNS	But drugstores sell all sorts of things .
tr	NNS	Arjuna stopped a few paces behind and here his expression changed .
tr	NNS	He had enviously thick eyelashes and a beautiful mouth .
tr	NNS	The combination of two cultures produced scents that by themselves could make a mummy hungry .
tr	NNS	He gripped her soft thighs and opened his senses fully .
tr	NN	A shiver ran up his spine at the same moment .
tr	NNS	He stood just inches from me , facing the busy street and lights below .
tr	NN	I surveyed the playground equipment .
tr	NN	Alex stopped painting and glanced down at him with surprise .
tr	NN	That would barely fit a quarter of us .
tr	NNS	You can 't make a million bucks the first year . "
tr	NN	He was wearing a captain 's insignia of a very archaic design on equally ancient armour .
tr	NNS	The kid had enough balls to ask me for one .
tr	NNS	His arms , like steel , held her thighs in place as he entered her in one mind-blowing thrust .
tr	NN	You 're already headed down the same path this semester . "
tr	NN	Imagine contracting to a soul ess . "
tr	NN	Feeling suddenly weak in the knees , Kadie grabbed the banister , clinging to it as she climbed the stairs and hurried into her room .
tr	NNS	" Three new families . "
tr	NNS	Mother introduced her clients .
tr	NNS	Soon he resumed his long sure strokes .
tr	NNS	I find a dusty compass in a kitchen drawer as well .
tr	NN	The ones vampires fed from , unless properly treated , had the potential to turn into something diabolical .
tr	NNS	The only window had the drapes drawn , but from the lack of light peeking out , it was still night .
tr	NN	Get yourself a barmaid . "
tr	NNS	" You obviously had little expectations . "
tr	NNS	" Goddamn I hate these bugs . "
tr	NN	He could smell her arousal and the scent of her created a throbbing need in him that he could no longer avoid .
tr	NNS	He nuzzled her thighs with his nose and mouth , then released her long enough to pull a condom from his pocket .
tr	NN	He had just lost his granddad , and he knew it was forever .
tr	NNS	Finally , he picked up three pairs of drumsticks and went back outside to wait .
tr	NN	" I need a witch . "
tr	NN	They are leaving the topic of accidental versus deliberate open .
tr	NN	They hadn 't seen any other traffic since they 'd left the highway .
tr	NN	Nothing like chocolate mint ice cream with fresh chocolate chip and Macadamia nut cookies . "
tr	NN	The bank made a gross error and would demand every cent of it back .
tr	NNS	A modern electronic computer - say , a third-generation IBM digital computer - would cost several million dollars .
tr	NNS	We need all the data we can find . "
tr	NNS	She has her shortcomings , but she 's not as bad as you think . "
tr	NNS	Piers pats his biceps and laughs again .
tr	NNS	You are killing the parasites and we need them .
tr	NN	As has often been said , and I 'll repeat , " Fuck cancer . "
tr	NN	So you 're doing everybody a favor by dying . "
tr	NN	In his hand he carried a large scroll .
tr	NNS	As he gathered her close and felt the hot rush of his seed erupting deep within her , Hunter knew a bliss that eclipsed everything else .
tr	NN	I gave myself a mental pat on the back for the smooth answer .
tr	NNS	Because you have mad skills .
tr	NNS	God 's gifts and my own study have given me useful powers .
tr	NN	Emmie smacked his arm half-heartedly .
tr	NNS	Humor tickled his insides , and he burst out laughing .
tr	NN	" Oh , he 'll want your input .
tr	NNS	My shoes crush the fragments of glass .
tr	NNS	Then you leave the partially gnawed carcass behind and exposed to be picked at afterwards by the passing scavengers that happen upon it .
tr	NN	Kneeling in front of him , Weil checked the patch on his forehead and then his throat pulse .
tr	NNS	I didn 't want multiple arguments with my mates , first .
tr	NNS	The wizards regarded the nut 's innards in shocked silence .
tr	NNS	He also made a few cents on shipping and handling , setting up a UPS account .
tr	NN	He pulled back the bolt checking the mechanism , then took several rounds of ammunition from a lower drawer and loaded the gun 's clip .
tr	NNS	Checking her call log , she found two texts .
tr	NNS	But at the very moment even he could make his quickest move , the muskets would send their balls straight through him .
tr	NN	So who occupies that second throne ?
tr	NN	of Nick slamming his ejected magazine back into his Glock .22 .
tr	NN	He pointed the ugly little revolver at Gary 's heart .
tr	NN	" Think , think , " I chanted under my breath , my grip tightening on the stick .
tr	NN	' Your men have a religious obligation to serve me in any way I think is proper .
tr	NN	Without walls , the ring marked the boundary of the arena floor .
tr	NNS	Capella was studying her cards , as if oblivious , but Rhapsody could see the quick , furtive glances she kept directing her way .
tr	NN	Matt found the corkscrew and opened a bottle of wine .
tr	NNS	I flashed my fangs at the rest by the door .
tr	NN	The CEO of Small Holdings had just been granted a last minute reprieve .
tr	NN	After correctly assuming appropriate body positioning required for the spell ( if required ) , they must verbalize the chant associated with it .
tr	NN	" Medium height , brown skin , and braids .
tr	NN	I lack the breeding to be a proper countess .
tr	NNS	" The television audience has voiced suspicions about Mr. Kenyon 's story .
tr	NN	Chapter Nineteen As I walked into the house , I enjoyed the solitude .
tr	NN	Brielle is inadvertently brewing a disaster that only a psychiatrist and a real estate agent will be able to cure .
tr	NNS	How long could Xavier fend off the millions ( if not billions ) of heartbroken ?
tr	NNS	He then lifted Jess and walked her to the door .
tr	NNS	I gave them both our contact numbers . "
tr	NN	She made a helpless gesture toward her neck .
tr	NNS	He stuck his thumbs into the elastic waistband of his white boxer briefs and pulled the waistband down to the middle of his hips on purpose .
tr	NN	I called the granddaughter of the woman she had worked for in Nebraska .
tr	NN	Closing my eyes , I used the air element and pictured the flames moving up in a steady stream and then spreading like a ceiling of fire .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples , as if battling a persistent ache .
tr	NN	His words lost no meaning with me .
tr	NN	Then , facing south , she began the chant to wake the goddess up .
tr	NN	Does that suit your vanity ? "
tr	NNS	He took deep breaths , hoping that the burning would subside .
tr	NN	They missed their curfew ; that was all .
tr	NN	A wave of anguish spun nausea through her stomach .
tr	NNS	I had barely eaten more than two bites when I excused myself claiming I was tired and wanted to lie down .
tr	NN	A chill went down Antonietta 's spine .
tr	NNS	' Yeah , but they ain 't got many numbers in front of them .
tr	NN	But I like this man 's gentle treatment of the elephants , and besides , there are plenty of people nearby .
tr	NNS	He 'd had too many operations and had worked too hard to give up .
tr	NN	Also , he apparently never got the memo that newspapers have gone the way of the VCR .
tr	NN	You know the effect you have on people ! '
tr	NNS	He wore slacks and a white short-sleeved shirt .
tr	NN	I 'll see to it he gets enough inheritance to care for his wife .
tr	NN	Too frightened to struggle , she had a vague impression of seeing a fellow Latina who looked amazingly like her .
tr	NNS	She brought Abraham 's teachings to an entire different audience than the original texts .
tr	NN	Looking closer , I can 't believe the resemblance to Andrew in his drawing .
tr	NN	Standing , she removes the dagger from my hands .
tr	NN	She experienced a strange quiver .
tr	NN	Dornan removes the boy 's gag , and grabs the back of his neck , pointing his gaze towards me .
tr	NN	I had the same exact arrogant manner and attitude towards the palace helpers and guards .
tr	NNS	To date he has written eight novels , four novellas , and fifty odd short stories .
tr	NNS	They revealed hidden capabilities without destroying us , which we will overcome in our next encounter .
tr	NNS	The subjects all wore wet suits , and a beaming Mike held a large fish in his arms .
tr	NNS	Melvin placed the paints on the table .
tr	NNS	Both of us sprint down hallways , back the way we came .
tr	NN	" I -- forgive me , my lady -- I do not know the etiquette of such things . "
tr	NNS	Trix expected stares and gasps of shock when then marched through the town square .
tr	NN	If it had to be so , then she would give the command .
tr	NN	The skin at the back of my neck gives this little twitch at the sound of his voice so close to my ear .
tr	NNS	" Anyway , I 've given you the basics .
tr	NN	" It 's comparing my code with the computer programs ... " The monster starts tossing again , the grip loosens .
tr	NNS	How about we go get some hot dogs and drinks and candy ? "
tr	NN	Moonlight gleamed off the cooler lid .
tr	NNS	The fire engines had left great tracks in the grass where only a few hours ago people had stood with cocktails at Jake 's party .
tr	NN	After the bar closed , Andrea stashed her apron in the office and left through the back door , only to find Sean waiting for her .
tr	NN	The ingenue softly crept down the massive winding staircase into Vladimir 's darkened basement , torches and cobwebs hanging on the cement brick walls .
tr	NNS	He thanked the heavens for sending one approximately his age .
tr	NNS	You can 't beat these prices , so you might as well stock up .
tr	NN	If I could tell you where she went I 'd play the lottery . "
tr	NN	With her implant working again , Renna found the lab she 'd noticed earlier easily enough .
tr	NN	All the years she 'd harbored this resentment against him and now ... now she understood and it tore her apart .
tr	NNS	Above me , heavy wooden beams crossed the knotty pine boards .
tr	NN	He swallowed the lump in his throat .
tr	NN	" You have a god bolt .
tr	NN	" It 'll match your attitude . "
tr	NN	Out of sheer boredom , I have cooked a roast and baked potatoes and made a salad .
tr	NNS	Echo sliced her daggers through the air , but held back , barely missing her brother 's forearm .
tr	NNS	Those blue eyes said volumes about her opinion of him .
tr	NN	She sounded contrite , too .
tr	NNS	Along the rest of the tunnel 's length stood military-style rifle racks .
tr	NNS	You want to fight in this realm , you need reinforcements . "
tr	NNS	They play tricks on me .
tr	NNS	We 'd have meals of honey ham with bits of cloves pushed neatly into the top , mashed potatoes , crescent rolls .
tr	NNS	This woman had some serious fashion issues .
tr	NN	Did the room spin and did everything else fade away ? "
tr	NN	Then a second voice spoke ; clearer but still accented , the superior of the other man .
tr	NN	" He has offered me forgiveness .
tr	NN	" Also we have video that you need to see . "
tr	NNS	' Did you see the clips from the funeral and convent I posted on YouTube last night ? '
tr	NN	With each step he takes , I catch a glimpse of his faculty badge as it sways back and forth from his neck .
tr	NNS	They should all be celebrating and thanking the heavens for him making it to the age of nine , especially after the year he 'd had .
tr	NN	As a group , they climbed a spiral staircase drilled through raw limestone .
tr	NNS	He runs his thumbs across my palm and takes in a deep breath , then carefully releases it .
tr	NN	Rafe could stand it no more , he felt his rage tremble to a peak and something within him snapped .
tr	NNS	He tucked the pages back inside and slapped the envelope against his palm .
tr	NN	Have some respect for my still healing wounds . "
tr	NN	He exaggerated a flinch as the wife probed the wound at the base of his skull .
tr	NNS	I had my doubts that he would make it .
tr	NNS	Why , he cut that girl 's innards right out .
tr	NNS	I thank the gods and spirits for keeping me strong .
tr	NN	He exhaled a groan and slipped beneath her flowing shirt and dipped lower , to cup her behind and pull her tight against his rigid length .
tr	NNS	He always checked out the newest bands .
tr	NNS	She threw daggers , but her lips twitched with a repressed smile .
tr	NNS	He wiped cobwebs away , and crouched in the shadows .
tr	NN	She swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	He ordered his two companions , " Now ! "
tr	NN	He twisted the knob and pushed the door open .
tr	NN	Apparently she didn 't accept rejection easily .
tr	NN	He unscrewed the cap and held the bottle for her to sip .
tr	NN	In fact even mere recognition of it was sealing a dreadful fate of death threat and perpetual hiding .
tr	NNS	" How good are you at seeing auras ? "
tr	NN	I have proof now , so people will have to believe me . "
tr	NNS	His warm hands slid up my thighs and gripped my panties , slowly trailing them down my legs and off .
tr	NN	Chills ran down my spine as all the vampires possessed by Elders set their sights on me .
tr	NNS	All of you who have lost cattle will get your cattle back after we get pictures and counts for evidence purposes . "
tr	NN	We don 't love anybody yet .
tr	NNS	They also split that day 's donations and agreed that they should probably purchase clothes more befitting men of character .
tr	NN	Shannon couldn 't help the scowl that followed .
tr	NN	* * * Winkler had his cell glued to his ear as he punched the code to get back into the safe house .
tr	NN	Source matches last known location of Iris . "
tr	NN	My sister 's always had an intense personality .
tr	NN	Janie followed the rope , hand over hand , down , down , through water as thick as Jell-O .
tr	NN	" And we have chocolate . "
tr	NN	" And you didn 't say nothin ... ? "
tr	NNS	And neither wind nor living thing could agitate the waters .
tr	NNS	A bald man in an elegant black outfit turned pages from a book .
tr	NNS	Caesar turned off his sensors for a moment to compose himself .
tr	NNS	I have visions into their lives , see their problems .
tr	NNS	Closing his eyes , he summoned his powers of cognition and tried to hone in on it .
tr	NNS	She eased the sweats down a notch .
tr	NN	' We 've reached the lab . '
tr	NNS	" I 've got enough gray hairs as it is ! "
tr	NN	The tension , which had filled Jim 's body before they 'd started again sweep up his thigh that was next to her .
tr	NNS	Watching me with those light eyes , his gaze didn 't waver from me , no matter the distracting Saturday night noises of residents coming and going .
tr	NNS	" So you have two incredible one-of-a-kind powers ?
tr	NNS	Perhaps you could use those skills on your husband .
tr	NN	The seaplane gained altitude .
tr	NNS	The truth is , after my husband and stepchildren were killed in an auto accident , I received four very large insurance settlements .
tr	NN	He bought a divining rod for a hundred dollars that could easily be mistaken for a derelict piece of driftwood .
tr	NN	We had a good-natured argument as we drove about whether Stephan should pop the collar of his polo .
tr	NN	He drew out the dagger and carefully sliced through the cords holding her up , supporting her weight at the same time .
tr	NN	She understood the meaning of being a Christian and didn 't let a nonbeliever sway her .
tr	NNS	Tom wracked his brains trying to work out what it was .
tr	NNS	And it 's got red marks all through , circles and lines , all over . "
tr	NN	Margaret carried the roast to the fridge , taking it upon herself to scatter aside items to make room .
tr	NNS	Melvin held a few longer hairs between his fingers .
tr	NN	We got less than a quarter of a tank of gas left .
tr	NN	" We don 't follow your internal clock , what was the date ? "
tr	NN	See that star there ? "
tr	NNS	When I turned back I had two cups in my hands .
tr	NNS	" They don 't have parking breaks ... This thing looks like it should move , but it just won 't .
tr	NNS	She could see the V-shaped fibers in his sweatshirt and that the drawstring for his hood was tipped with silvery metal .
tr	NNS	We can rent identical sound systems from The Pub . "
tr	NN	" Beverly found a napkin in Stratford 's purse that has some directions written on it . "
tr	NN	I take my duct tape and set off to find a maid cart .
tr	NNS	Franklin probably still had the vases from the Anderton place in his house .
tr	NN	The angler , thinking the fish are biting , flexes his tremulous rod .
tr	NN	" I need some advice and I don 't really want to talk to April about it .
tr	NNS	I 'd gone maybe thirty paces down the lane before I started having second thoughts .
tr	NNS	Now , where are the call ing cards ? "
tr	NNS	Thank the gods for that . "
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to turn into him , to find his lips .
tr	NNS	The fluorescent light above them revealed the brightness of his green eyes and the sharp points of his fangs .
tr	NNS	Finally he lit the candles .
tr	NNS	That made victims harder to find , which in turn , caused people to be more on guard than usual .
tr	NNS	The lifting does keep my biceps in shape . "
tr	NNS	His dad had other sons , his mum had told him , and she 'd told him Lloyd deserved everything they had .
tr	NNS	" Would I get fangs like yours ? "
tr	NN	He wore the uniform with dignity ; there wasn 't a dirty spot to be found .
tr	NNS	Derek had zero doubts the boy was his .
tr	NNS	I checked the items and then the price .
tr	NN	Besides , after his lecture on how I was smart but stupid and had a chip on my shoulder , I was allowed a little payback .
tr	NN	I see Cora 's finger twitch and that smile come across her face .
tr	NNS	I could never be with anyone else , " she said fervently .
tr	NN	She entered Tessa 's room bubbly in hopes she wouldn 't frighten the little girl .
tr	NNS	" My dad canceled all my credit cards a while ago and I have only , like , eight hundred bucks left . "
tr	NN	The storm had effectively masked the gunfire and the estate 's isolation would aid in the cleanup .
tr	NN	He also used the lingerie to his advantage .
tr	NN	I recognized the scrawl of my adoptive father 's handwriting immediately .
tr	NNS	We exchanged niceties , swapping stories and other stuff guys swap when they 're getting to know each other .
tr	NN	Jacques stretched his long frame out across the sheets , never once making a sound .
tr	NNS	The cruelty of such a thought slaps against my love for him .
tr	NNS	In Montana , men only wear suits for death or dancing .
tr	NN	So did the other sixteen .
tr	NN	" I don 't take credit for this .
tr	NNS	You can make pie and other foods out of it . "
tr	NN	It disrupts fish in their blue aquarium lives .
tr	NN	He once described his first encounter with them as ' a slap of joy , ' a line I quite liked .
tr	NNS	I toss the coins into the register , steady as a metallic waterfall .
tr	NNS	His knuckles brushed her breasts and her nipples tightened immediately in response .
tr	NNS	I know the routes he likes to take . "
tr	NNS	The gravity of his voice made the fine hairs on her body rise .
tr	NNS	How dare he make up lies about my family ?
tr	NNS	" So we have even more talents to use in our plan .
tr	NN	" Pro- - " " Don 't argue , " Natalie scolded , punctuated by a sharp glance his direction .
tr	NNS	I took more bites of the delicious food .
tr	NN	" He had Valentine 's funeral to go to .
tr	NNS	He gave the doors one final , massive shove and they slid open , just enough to allow his big bulk to squeeze through .
tr	NNS	And he 'd made no apologies for it either .
tr	NN	Katherine stopped the nurse .
tr	NN	She let out a growl and turned away from the market .
tr	NNS	Neither of them knew the current dances and wanted to keep the illusion of their sophistication .
tr	NN	She fetched the rifle from the kitchen and the box of rounds .
tr	NN	Oliver yanked the keyboard off the counter and headed toward the Reaper .
tr	NNS	" Does your tribe have many dogs ? "
tr	NN	You have a destiny and you have to find it .
tr	NNS	School counselors wandered the halls , keeping a sharp eye for students breaking down or suffering any kind of unusual emotion that they might attribute to grief .
tr	NNS	He has made allies of - ? "
tr	NN	Alison repressed a yawn and blinked a couple of times .
tr	NNS	Out in the pavement , beneath the bright grey sky , the remnants of the mid-day rush-hour occupied their senses .
tr	NNS	How flipping awesome was that ?
tr	NNS	Kneeling down , she pushed aside weeds and vines , grunting in concentration , until she emerged with a small square item in her hand .
tr	NN	Just seeing the man 's number made her stomach muscles clench with ... fear ?
tr	NN	He met the masuk 's leer .
tr	NNS	They use their powers to throw people out .
tr	NN	" I brought cream and sugar if you don 't want it black . "
tr	NN	He felt an odd urge to say thank-you but managed to bite the words back .
tr	NNS	Because if you weren 't , Grayson would have had full rights to you .
tr	NNS	Tears run down my temples .
tr	NNS	She pulled back just a few inches .
tr	NN	According to my recollection , the Governor sent a memo to all the top government officials as soon as he took office just over two years ago .
tr	NN	He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear .
tr	NN	She set the lid back down , keeping the food warm .
tr	NNS	Most of the patches depicted animal stage companions from an era of his life that was no longer relevant .
tr	NN	I offered a little shrug .
tr	NN	On the road home , he called his attorney .
tr	NN	And once out , you want our protection .
tr	NNS	" Send out periphery ships .
tr	NNS	And yet writers didn 't understand these terms .
tr	NNS	" Until he set the dogs on me . "
tr	NNS	I made a million bucks last week .
tr	NNS	Then he turned the reins of his horse to the right side and rode away followed by the soldiers .
tr	NNS	Nausea and a lightheadedness assailed her senses as she became caught in the edge of the field .
tr	NNS	A little nervous , as well , knowing she 'd be confronting members of her father 's congregation .
tr	NN	I 'd given it to her as a gift , a gesture that had been meaningful to me .
tr	NNS	Thank the spirit gods .
tr	NNS	At the next table , they played cards .
tr	NNS	No one can create new runes .
tr	NNS	No wonder the gods punished Prometheus .
tr	NNS	He read the wariness in her tone .
tr	NN	He drew a rough diagram of the dashes and dots that were on the Talisman and showed them to Mr Meadows .
tr	NNS	I put three more tubes in your bag . "
tr	NNS	" With the glue , seven dollars . "
tr	NNS	He pulled out two eye balls , a severed nose and a long tongue , and then placed them on the table .
tr	NN	Kane turned off the dial .
tr	NNS	I have visions of her being beaten with a club , but I don 't know if they are real or if I 'm watching myself .
tr	NN	The third cage contains a bird .
tr	NNS	" Holy cow balls !
tr	NN	" I 'll put my assistant on it as soon as I return to the office . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't you have any candles ? "
tr	NN	Despite the immortal 's reassuring tone , I could not stop the icy lump of fear forming in my stomach .
tr	NNS	And in the meanwhile , we can observe enemy movements before drawing any closer . "
tr	NN	I grab the throw pillow next to me and cover my face with it to muffle a frustrated groan .
tr	NN	Antony cut a slice of bread .
tr	NNS	" What , you don 't like cats ? "
tr	NNS	He had also experienced several pretty nasty nightmares .
tr	NN	They owed the owner of the gin two thousand dollars from 1951 , which had seen an average crop .
tr	NNS	She had no illusions about what she looked like , but Graham had been talking about how he saw her .
tr	NN	Also , we pay the dock workers a living wage so they can afford to buy the things you all ship . "
tr	NN	Here , he can mix up a batch of his soup , a nice change from the paste .
tr	NN	" The authors of the crime are the Elects , a community that fifty years ago caused a sensation because of a mass suicide .
tr	NNS	Back in the house , Ted and Melody each opened their packs and spread their gear out on the kitchen table .
tr	NN	I never got that impression from Daemon .
tr	NNS	" Blessed Virgin , let your prayers ascend to God that He may hear my petition . "
tr	NN	Deciding to look at the entertainment news , I brought up the internet on my phone .
tr	NN	We can give you a wire , and you can transmit everything you 're hearing to us from wherever you are .
tr	NN	She strikes the large nail into the wall with a few well placed hits .
tr	NNS	Something tells me the feds have targeted our little unit down there , and we 've grown quite nervous . "
tr	NN	" I have exactly one fifteen minute video . "
tr	NN	She twisted the material of her pants and swallowed audibly .
tr	NN	We secured the trench and claimed it as our own .
tr	NN	The Shreveport police had a squad of vampire policemen , as well as the necessary special transportation vehicle and special jail cells .
tr	NNS	" You 'll not be going down the mines . "
tr	NNS	Therefore , I say again , don 't risk the actions they may be forced to take if you refuse to answer my questions .
tr	NN	When they were finished Historia and I left the lab .
tr	NN	Clare called the customer first and told him his shipment would be delayed .
tr	NNS	They had twins ; we are not sure which one of them is the savior of their race .
tr	NN	" I seek the Path so that my eyes may be opened to the Light . "
tr	NNS	" Yes Mother " the thing said quietly , " activating systems now " .
tr	NNS	Or asked the bugs sleeping in the firewood , the eggs , the microbes .
tr	NN	Slowly , he peeled the comforter down below his chin and listened .
tr	NN	Mrs. Hill absentmindedly unwrapped the plastic from a butterscotch candy and popped it into her mouth .
tr	NNS	Her lips were quivering delicately .
tr	NNS	" So , Eddie had a few beers , went home , and said , ' Neon tan , Cleo -- that 's it .
tr	NN	I don 't usually offer my advice for free .
tr	NNS	His nonchalant attitude had apparently been hiding his deeper grief , and now that technology was on his mind it began to show .
tr	NNS	" What do you imagine your chances against him would be if the battle were not practice but real ? "
tr	NNS	They gathered the ID cards and information packets that Feldman had put together for them .
tr	NN	Edward was wearing his army uniform : red coat and white breeches .
tr	NNS	" Why would you hide your breasts from me ?
tr	NNS	At night he paced the floors , wondering how much longer the reprieve would last .
tr	NN	I press my body backwards , but hit the cabinets .
tr	NN	" Save it , asshole , I 'm not buying your sideshow crap .
tr	NN	Did you have an appointment to meet him ? "
tr	NN	With his free hand he took a swing and directly punched my jaw , laying another one near my eye .
tr	NNS	They were lighting candles .
tr	NNS	He might have a few surprises waiting for us if we follow that string of islands .
tr	NN	Daisy , at least , had gotten some closure from the pain .
tr	NN	I saw a handful of Hank 's Nephilim men .
tr	NNS	They had grown up together , babies in that place of women , and been given over at five to training .
tr	NN	I sent a coded command from my brain to that implant .
tr	NNS	And now , as they raced playfully down the white concrete at the end of the runway , they were still leaving narrow dark tracks behind .
tr	NNS	No , Clayton thought suddenly , he didn 't drop bombs .
tr	NN	" He was drawing a mathematical diagram in the sand when his city was attacked by Romans .
tr	NN	" Right now , I don 't think the immortal or the mortal stuff makes a whole lot of sense . "
tr	NNS	She pulled down his boxers , took his manhood in her hands and tickled the tip with her nails .
tr	NNS	" You only get so much guilt , Cass .
tr	NN	Because of her age , the humiliation was deemed sufficient punishment .
tr	NN	He had no shortage of dyes around from the current polymer sphere experiments , so he was able to mix up several quick tests .
tr	NNS	I saw bits and pieces .
tr	NNS	This unifying principle underscores all our politics .
tr	NN	He grasped the doorknob , turned it , and pushed the door open a few inches , just enough to see through .
tr	NNS	" So you owe a man a few bucks ? "
tr	NNS	Can not the sun pierce those clouds ? "
tr	NNS	She could hear the crackle and hiss as they ate into the wooden house .
tr	NNS	They offer millions ; I say no ; they offer more .
tr	NNS	He enjoyed the other balls I had found and told me they were named things like " football " and " soccer ball . "
tr	NN	Where do you keep your cocoa and spices ? "
tr	NNS	In some ways she was merely applying the methods she used for programming a computer or writing a poem .
tr	NNS	He had millions of followers and now they all got to see my " wonderful " face .
tr	NN	She couldn 't hold back the flinch or a whimper of sympathy .
tr	NNS	That same day Sifu Lu Tang gathered all the students in the center of the gym for a lecture .
tr	NN	He noticed a staircase that right-angled upward .
tr	NNS	Kira made kissing noises and rubbed at her shoulders in a fake make out .
tr	NNS	The male cannot discharge the bubbles , or absorb the bubbles , so they get sick from the bubbles and die . "
tr	NNS	He couldn 't reconcile this coldness in her .
tr	NN	" Big D. Sparring mode .
tr	NNS	Kate rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	" Jake has some issues he 's trying to put to rest .
tr	NNS	She stirred the coals in the fireplace and stoked the fire .
tr	NNS	Through the corner of my eye , I see stacks of large clear plastic bags full of white powder .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the condoms from Ashlyn and stuffed them into the drawer on my nightstand .
tr	NNS	To have Jenna laughing again , I would have written a hundred pages .
tr	NNS	She 's got the hots for you .
tr	NNS	I made my excuses and followed him .
tr	NN	He summoned a lightning bolt .
tr	NN	Then , when his expression assured her he wasn 't going to back down , she gave an impatient shrug .
tr	NNS	Colt and the others removed their chairs away from the table and refused to sit directly across from them .
tr	NN	Dr. Keller handed Ellery a towel to wipe off the gel , congratulated us , and left the room .
tr	NN	His smoky voice makes my heart patter to life and again I 'm shocked at my reaction to him .
tr	NN	" I 'll send you an email when I 'm settled .
tr	NNS	Sure , he 'd had the hots for a number of women in the past .
tr	NNS	By coming to me and disclosing your assignment , you have placed yourselves in extreme jeopardy .
tr	NN	" For five generations now , the women of my wife 's clan have shared a special talent -- the ability to read people 's inner self .
tr	NN	His presence could only do harm to the situation and his words were worrisome .
tr	NN	Upon hearing his name , he said , " I would perform the deed with great relish and much suffering on your part , mistress . "
tr	NNS	But unfortunately , I saw similarities in our work and attempted to distance myself as well as I could .
tr	NN	Kellen watched this interaction cautiously .
tr	NN	To make matters worse , no one was buying real estate so we had no money coming in .
tr	NN	My friends found Dougal 's motorcycle and are returning it to the DX Security offices as we speak . "
tr	NNS	However , in the midst of the wine rituals the high priestess noticed her faltering attentions .
tr	NNS	I hear air hiss through his teeth before he drags my panties down my legs .
tr	NNS	He counted out fifty bits of metal , then handed them to me .
tr	NN	" And you sent him a fax saying ' For God 's sake don 't switch me off ' .
tr	NNS	" Metal skin would stop Keeper fangs .
tr	NNS	After a few moments I heard low murmurs from down the long hallway off the living room .
tr	NN	Although she was up against the brick wall of corruption , she persecuted her targets non-stop .
tr	NNS	He sank his fangs into her neck in a frenzied bite , almost coming instantly from the unbelievable pleasure .
tr	NN	" I don 't follow your meaning . "
tr	NNS	" Bartolomeo sends his apologies .
tr	NNS	In fact ... Victoria studied the few magazines resting on top of that table .
tr	NN	Nearby , Jupiter clutched his thigh as he writhed in agony on the ground .
tr	NNS	" I think that Emily is coming to see you really soon and she will have lots to tell you , " Kate said fervently .
tr	NN	It wouldn 't change this universe in the slightest ... Oh !
tr	NNS	Minus all the killings , robberies and mayhem , of course . "
tr	NNS	Serenity threw the few items from her desk in the box and left .
tr	NNS	' Did you see drugs ? '
tr	NNS	" Right now , we need the gods on our side . "
tr	NNS	" Oh , it changes your priorities " Lily would say , but she didn 't know if she meant it .
tr	NN	Pictures didn 't do it justice , really .
tr	NN	A wealth of healing aromas filled the cavern and drifted deep into Nicolae 's lungs .
tr	NN	Finally , in desperation , I made an appointment to see the college psychologist , to find out what was wrong with me .
tr	NNS	I wouldn 't look pitiful chasing Brandon around , because crashing the party was the swim team 's idea , not mine .
tr	NNS	I pressed my thighs together to intensify the aching sensation that could take me over the edge .
tr	NNS	We 've scientists in Hell .
tr	NNS	After all , he 'd seen her wariness this morning .
tr	NNS	Both teenagers wore bright blue crash helmets , thick jackets , gloves and knitted black balaclavas .
tr	NNS	" Hmm , my ears must be playing tricks on me .
tr	NNS	He threw back the covers , finding himself nak * d. Joseph tossed him a wad of clothing .
tr	NNS	Turning down the lamp , I whispered my prayers , asking God to help heal Frank .
tr	NNS	Then she slid her palms under the waistband and shoved the jeans down over Jonas 's hips .
tr	NNS	Blood pools out and my heart hammers in my chest .
tr	NN	The princess clasped the assassin on the shoulder , and said something to the girl that made her laugh .
tr	NN	Or dump the high-resolution satellite for the time being ?
tr	NN	One of the officers parted the tape to let them enter the room .
tr	NN	The Scot wore a kilt , while the blond English lad did not .
tr	NNS	They casually stumbled the short two blocks and arrived ten minutes later .
tr	NNS	At first the Council proceeded much as had other meetings of the Enclave .
tr	NN	Her dignified manner contradicted the slur in her voice .
tr	NN	Ryan 's revelation stunned the crap out of her .
tr	NNS	She now had sisters .
tr	NNS	Helen could see the wheels of thought twisting in Ian 's head .
tr	NN	" Good girl Ellie , don 't take Becky 's advice . "
tr	NN	Fortunately , Helen 's clouded mind had made Scott 's absences moot , at least for her ; other wives had no such topsy-turvy blessing .
tr	NNS	Not too bad though considering I had two overweight fur balls smacking me around like a piñata .
tr	NN	Vinegar makes my right big toe ache .
tr	NN	Dahlia carefully turned each rib over , secretly thrilled with the new experience .
tr	NNS	She 's ideal for outside shots , excellent zoom , definition , you can take shots without a flash ; great for private surveillance . "
tr	NNS	Obviously they had seen the skid marks in the soil .
tr	NNS	I 've got my powers back . "
tr	NNS	He remembered Barbara 's first attempts at creating meals .
tr	NNS	" He was buying chairs for his mother . "
tr	NNS	Inside the open panel , he could see a few wires scattered about .
tr	NNS	Tamsin took several deep breaths , almost sobbing .
tr	NN	When he was certain all the bottles were in the trash , he pulled the trashcan up next to the bed and shook his mother 's shoulder .
tr	NN	" Oh yeah , a real shining example . "
tr	NN	" Listen to me , you conniving little witch .
tr	NN	They had their own grief .
tr	NN	She was allowing her imagination to get carried away .
tr	NNS	" And I have meetings . "
tr	NN	Tom closed the drawer and walked over to his bed .
tr	NN	He rubbed her knuckles along his jaw , wanting the contact .
tr	NN	Danny beat the crap out of Brian and Marlon . '
tr	NNS	I could see the bubbles of the wet saliva on them .
tr	NN	Jacques sees my potential and that I deserve to be paid my value .
tr	NN	And then she remembered the presentation and gasped , reaching down to her purse .
tr	NNS	Fossils lined the shelves , their sharpest points peering over the edge like a hundred tiny noses .
tr	NNS	They fired their engines in reverse , space slowed down , and they were once again in normal space .
tr	NNS	What if Savannah didn 't even like dogs , or what if she was allergic ?
tr	NN	" And we 'll get pizza . "
tr	NN	But nothing I could do would stop the tide now .
tr	NNS	Then he grew five inches in one year . "
tr	NNS	Instinctively she ramped up her senses a little and looked around .
tr	NN	I stumble backward , the urge to vomit overwhelming .
tr	NNS	Once she had coveted the good foods of the land ; now she only wanted her sons .
tr	NN	The way she said Violet gave Salvatore the impression that Breedlove didn 't take too kindly to her stepmother . "
tr	NNS	Other corrals held small numbers of sheep that they had acquired from Norse flocks that had originally come from Greenland .
tr	NNS	Kevin slid the 3 dollars across the counter ; wedding band was seen on his left , ring finger .
tr	NNS	" We haven 't found the bugs . "
tr	NNS	She always enjoyed these meetings with clients , watching Jake work his brand of magic on them .
tr	NN	He followed the scientist .
tr	NNS	I found the same size tracks near the bay window last night , and this morning near the kill zone for the fox .
tr	NN	Asia admitted defeat then .
tr	NNS	His earthenware urns , his decorative figures , even his lowly plant pots , were considered luxury items by most of the townsfolk and sold slowly .
tr	NN	Either we discuss a trade , or I end more than this call . "
tr	NNS	She was getting dizzy again .
tr	NN	Walking up to the reception desk she clutched her handbag in front of her and cleared her throat .
tr	NNS	My stomach coiled viciously .
tr	NN	* * * * * Sebastian 's insistence on waiting had the desired effect .
tr	NNS	The problem was , he didn 't fear anyone 's taunts .
tr	NNS	" I seek solutions . "
tr	NN	We left the desert behind us in a cloud of dust .
tr	NN	Maybe Grace evoked in him a very basic , almost primitive urge to possess her , an urge that was stronger than he 'd ever experienced before .
tr	NNS	We 'll take the secret tunnels down to the forest .
tr	NN	She said a short prayer for Boris ' success .
tr	NNS	At the crossing of the Mandel , he cut down the sons of Lady Penrose one by one .
tr	NNS	The overhead latch to the butterfly room bursts open and the hard thump of tennis shoes lands just shy of our heads .
tr	NN	Horrible sea witch ! "
tr	NNS	She turned her incredible baby blues on him .
tr	NNS	" Too bad you don 't have any connections down there at that place .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't understand my erratic and completely unintentional reactions to him ; it was as if I was someone else , some daft dimwit .
tr	NNS	We have all the supplies we need from here . "
tr	NN	Gansey made a dismissive hand gesture .
tr	NNS	My bra unhooked , he wove his thumbs into the straps and bared my breasts .
tr	NNS	This is Margo Fletcher reporting from the Alzheimer 's Institute of Boston , home of one the world 's leading Alzheimer 's research facilities .
tr	NNS	It contains inactive parasites , and given the right environment , those parasites could spawn .
tr	NN	A tingle of fear crawled up Jack Howard 's spine .
tr	NNS	Begging and stealing shocked some members until the terms were more fully explained .
tr	NN	Hank had used the cutting tool on the light sabre to hollow out a space inside the fallen tree big enough for me to hide in .
tr	NN	He could see her breath quicken .
tr	NNS	You 've attracted so many high-end clients . "
tr	NNS	I 'm still doing physics in a way .
tr	NN	He had the patience to wait for the distant day when his sect would be a recognised power in a dark universe crafted in his own image .
tr	NNS	She prefers dogs over cats , acoustic guitar over electric and tea over coffee .
tr	NN	He depressed the brake and pushed the transmission into reverse .
tr	NNS	" Only family members can accompany patients . "
tr	NN	" I didn 't mean any harm .
tr	NNS	Fall in , scouts , forward and rear guard assume positions . "
tr	NNS	Passing the gleaming bronze kitchen , she saw the remains of a week 's worth of takeout piled on the counters .
tr	NNS	On the ground I see drag marks where the girl must have pulled the bodies out of the crash and brought them here .
tr	NN	Quickly , I dropped the wire out of his sight .
tr	NNS	" Eight hundred American dollars or the equivalent in francs , . .
tr	NNS	After my mom left , my dad never made home-cooked meals .
tr	NN	Mortimer 's booming voice disrupted my reverie .
tr	NN	Jake could hardly believe the announcement .
tr	NNS	I often have late night business meetings here with clients . "
tr	NN	The wolves halted their forward progression , lifting their heads in unison , scenting the new threat .
tr	NNS	I have not spent my centuries studying the physical world .
tr	NNS	" We ... don 't ... want ... any accidents ... do we ? "
tr	NN	" But you must have a good hunch . "
tr	NNS	I took the right option , I 've no doubts whatsoever . "
tr	NNS	Her mind made up , she shoved aside the covers .
tr	NNS	" What about acting classes ? "
tr	NN	Ty stifled a snicker by pretending to cough .
tr	NN	I feel a pang of anxiety as I look at Nicole 's empty chair , but then shrug mentally .
tr	NN	I need -- what 's the trendy word these days -- closure ?
tr	NNS	He 'd seen the ancient scrolls ?
tr	NNS	The commentators made pitying noises as she bravely skated to the other end of the rink , but our living room was silent .
tr	NNS	The acrid smell of smoke still lingered over the blackened remains of the chaparral and bushes that littered the mountainside , like corpses on a battlefield .
tr	NN	He noticed the grease draining out of a crack in the barrel onto the floor .
tr	NNS	You received the highest marks in the Tippecanoe Rifles for land navigation and radio communication , but were a mediocre shot at best .
tr	NNS	" We have solar panels and mechanically rechargeable batteries .
tr	NNS	Quickly and wordlessly , Lemuel gave the woman forty dollars and took the ring .
tr	NN	Did Trevor use the same soap ?
tr	NNS	" You always had more balls than brains . "
tr	NNS	She didn 't remember specifics from her life with them , but this felt like the final straw in a string of lifelong letdowns .
tr	NNS	How many times had she told her sisters the only way to solve a problem was to face it head-on ?
tr	NNS	Damien could hear her manicured fingernails scratching at the scar that ran across her entire stomach .
tr	NNS	He refused all offers of blood with nothing more than a growl .
tr	NN	Some stuck up rock star ... " Shannon sighed , cocking her head in the mirror .
tr	NN	But this morning I 'd got an email from Henry .
tr	NNS	We 've spent centuries trying to keep our selves hidden from humans .
tr	NN	" I accept full responsibility for your mother . "
tr	NNS	She had loved the good-hearted servants who came each morning from Santa Rosa to clean , do laundry , prepare the sumptuous meals .
tr	NN	Had he worked the evil persona so strongly that he 'd become so ?
tr	NNS	Nothing clearly distinguished the females except their smaller size and their slightly feline movements .
tr	NNS	Wandering round the trinkets she finally stopped at the fruit and vegetable stall near the edge of the crowds .
tr	NN	She resisted the impulse to look at her watch .
tr	NN	He should face justice .
tr	NNS	The good Lord answered my prayers when he delivered the two of you to me .
tr	NNS	I don 't join the crowds .
tr	NNS	You 've stolen from me my sons ! "
tr	NN	All faces swing from him to me .
tr	NNS	Kate snagged her wineglass and drained it dry .
tr	NNS	" Five hundred dollars ! "
tr	NNS	Even so , Rafe wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	But when I reached into the coat pocket , I didn 't feel the familiar rectangular lump through the material .
tr	NN	Will devised a complex knot so quickly that I couldn 't keep up with each end of the rope entwined throughout his fingers .
tr	NNS	I connect needles with reviving from death and always hate them because of this .
tr	NN	Unbeknownst to him , she was wearing a Liberty tea gown , which was all the rage amongst some women in Melbourne 's artistic circles .
tr	NNS	So instead of a break , she picked up some napkins and headed for the gentlemen just sitting down .
tr	NN	He 'd made the hard climb , got the bread he was after , and it was done .
tr	NNS	When they ran out of ideas , he lit the candles in the wall sconce , then opened the door .
tr	NNS	" Marissa , I told you I had meetings all weekend .
tr	NNS	Actually , Rebecca has made some remarks on it already . "
tr	NN	Leslie held back the impulse to let out a huff of frustration .
tr	NNS	They had attacked the kidnappers and were looking for us to take us home .
tr	NN	He 'd only make this more awkward by dressing again .
tr	NNS	Misty punched numbers into her phone .
tr	NNS	Or has my current situation stripped away the niceties ?
tr	NN	She leaned over the coffin and glared at the young man who lay as if dead , his arms crossed over his chest and his eyes closed .
tr	NNS	Besides , Paul Dunne 's cold aura gave Lacey the creeps .
tr	NN	Elaborate stereo , video , and telephone systems .
tr	NNS	After the interview concluded , Sumner took photographs of Niles holding the canvass between the two women .
tr	NN	You missed my demonstration yesterday , by the way . "
tr	NN	I do not require anyone 's forgiveness , and neither do I recognise your authority to offer it . '
tr	NNS	She rinsed the empty plates and loaded them in the dishwasher .
tr	NNS	" We still have to leave , we can 't be sitting ducks - " " I have the advantage here .
tr	NNS	After the death of Julia in Hollywood he checked their cameras but came away empty .
tr	NN	He closed the email and clicked on another with the same result .
tr	NN	I wasn 't liking his attitude and I didn 't appreciate him taking that tone with me .
tr	NN	" Are you sure April has the intelligence it would take to pull off something that clever ?
tr	NN	Nothing could stop the passionate , endless misery of the heart .
tr	NN	Smaller ones control its flow , sending it through huge barrels .
tr	NN	Luna injected brisk efficiency into her voice .
tr	NNS	" Enjoying the spoils of victory ? "
tr	NNS	I check my shields : 98 % .
tr	NN	" You 've never had pizza ? "
tr	NN	So how did you learn sign language ?
tr	NNS	Belinda , Billy , and Lydia found the tunnels and did as they had been instructed .
tr	NN	Then he threw caution to the winds .
tr	NN	She folded her napkin carefully and set it on the table .
tr	NNS	A part of him enjoyed her coldness , this control .
tr	NN	He lifted his horn and blew the agreed-upon signal .
tr	NNS	The kings were working their subjects hard , on the basis that tired warriors are less keen to fight .
tr	NNS	His two thumbs found the man 's eyeballs as his hands grabbed his ears .
tr	NNS	' Anyway , he had a few errands to run so he made his way in under his own steam . '
tr	NN	I held the receiver against my shoulder .
tr	NNS	Sadie took several deep breaths , trying to rein in her emotions .
tr	NNS	As he rounded the final bend that would take him to where the well was located , he examined his chances with Marcela .
tr	NNS	And I don 't want the peanuts either . '
tr	NNS	Seizing opportunity again , Quin smiled encouragingly and held out his arms to her .
tr	NN	She put down the receiver and came back into the living room .
tr	NN	He immediately turned his glare on her .
tr	NNS	Occasionally someone threw a bits of fried onion at Armin , and he caught them in his mouth , crunching away happily .
tr	NN	A few hours later , the computer woke the pilot with a soft beep .
tr	NN	Gollum dropped the fish from his hand .
tr	NNS	My stomach turns over the same moment my already broken heart breaks into a thousand pieces more like a jigsaw puzzle , if that 's even possible .
tr	NN	I didn 't know my talent until Vachon 's foul blood awakened it . "
tr	NN	And now this giant had invaded their privacy .
tr	NNS	The reports enumerated their accomplishments .
tr	NNS	When he arrived , he found the two armies drawn up on opposite sides of a broad , open meadow .
tr	NNS	I should never have had powers .
tr	NN	He left his hostess hurrying around the gloom , to see where Neptune might be found .
tr	NN	Did this explain her disappearance ?
tr	NNS	They had discovered the missing funds and assumed Richard did all the stealing .
tr	NNS	He was bearing several pots and he seemed about to explain them when he suddenly looked uneasy and turned his back on Seldon in alarm .
tr	NN	Poised for another attack , he held the dagger before him .
tr	NN	He 'd had the intelligence to give me what I really wanted .
tr	NNS	He 'd switched positions so fast that her mind was still whirling .
tr	NN	" You can 't keep pretending .
tr	NN	I won 't forget the burger . "
tr	NNS	They don 't have all the sites here that we have in the Compound . "
tr	NN	Trevor exited the cafeteria and checked the parking lot .
tr	NN	If my wife ran around like Aria Cruz did , she 'd see the backside of my hand .
tr	NN	He shoved a life vest back into the backpack so hard that the shiny fabric nearly popped beneath the force of his fingers .
tr	NN	I had no proof , of course .
tr	NN	My mother had the unpleasant task of chatting up Stacy , a misfit from the moment she stepped out of the car .
tr	NN	Although dark out , the lights from the house reflecting off the water created a beautiful effect .
tr	NNS	I have endured his stupid grins and gloating manner long enough .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen several pairs under the seat of Butch 's truck or hidden in his office , where Paris was less likely to come across them .
tr	NN	Jake gave a short , sharp huff of laughter , hurt flickering across his countenance .
tr	NNS	You know , kill two birds with one stone .
tr	NN	A blue light tears past us , taking out a large proportion of trees and leaving the smell of burning wood in its wake .
tr	NNS	My mother had no life skills , no shot at a decent job .
tr	NN	Once the coffin was fully lowered , the minister made an announcement that all could come forward to the grave to give their final respects .
tr	NN	He too , takes out his bat .
tr	NNS	She could take some great photographs of children seated in a chair like that , holding a bunny or a dog ... She knocked again .
tr	NNS	" I already seen wizards in action . "
tr	NNS	" Since I found out you never do the dishes . "
tr	NN	" But maybe we should get a towel or something . "
tr	NN	Long hours of drills with weaves , tuning forks , bells , weapons and the practical theory behind each had gotten her close enough to smell success .
tr	NNS	' Will you make waffles , Evan ? '
tr	NNS	I can taste apples .
tr	NNS	She always wanted the superficial benefits - not to mention easier victims .
tr	NNS	I didn 't want excuses .
tr	NN	" Pick out your style of purse " the woman encouraged .
tr	NN	Harold suppressed the urge to grab the man by the collar and simply pointed at the dead light bulb .
tr	NNS	Fleas would still bite the cats and me , but at least they wouldn 't produce thousands more to leap at us from carpet and furniture .
tr	NNS	And the bullets ... they stopped inches from Daemon 's face .
tr	NNS	" They won 't serve Wardens , but they 'll serve your kind . "
tr	NNS	The scent of her perfume invaded his senses , and he could almost sense her presence .
tr	NNS	Father always has objections when I tell him that I 'm going to do something .
tr	NNS	He threw the covers off and slid out of bed .
tr	NN	Carmel put their garbage beside the stairs and held Victoria up to let held her in .
tr	NNS	He gathered up the items that fell out before coming around to the driver 's side of the van .
tr	NNS	I 've seen strokes before , I 've seen seizures before But I have never seen this .
tr	NNS	Coop presses in with a smooth pass of his lips before sealing over my mouth and slipping his tongue inside .
tr	NNS	I transmitted data about your existence to them , and their program was ... corrected . "
tr	NNS	' How can you stand the winters here ? ' '
tr	NNS	In her spare time she writes novels and trains for the circus .
tr	NN	The wind teases the hay .
tr	NNS	We watched the monkeys and pitched peanuts into the cage . "
tr	NN	Dipping into the drawer , he pulled out a condom .
tr	NN	Like , why am I lying inert in this hospital bed ?
tr	NN	Clay felt another trickle of unease .
tr	NNS	My wrap rode up my thighs and fell open , revealing almost all of my legs .
tr	NN	" I have an announcement that pleases me greatly . "
tr	NN	And then he insulted her writing style ; the length of sentences along with a couple spelling errors .
tr	NNS	You take some deep breaths and calm down . "
tr	NNS	Not much for armor , but she was only confronting ghostly fears , nothing real except her paranoia .
tr	NN	Simeon scratched his nail down the notebook page .
tr	NNS	She had left her sandals in the kitchen .
tr	NNS	" Merri Li began beheading Vampires . "
tr	NN	I also wet a paper towel so she could clean up a little .
tr	NN	Soaring mountains surround the valley on either side , making it breathtakingly beautiful .
tr	NN	He uncorked a vial and waved it under Jason 's nose .
tr	NN	When I opened the car door , I smelled cotton candy and French fries .
tr	NNS	Others threw down spears and shields and started to run .
tr	NNS	No special conditions . "
tr	NNS	As Mimi walked across Academy grounds towards the main building , she ignored the stares .
tr	NNS	No more delays . "
tr	NNS	She 'd cut all ties to him , never speak to him again .
tr	NNS	But as illuminating as this logic was , Darrin was still groping blindly .
tr	NNS	He extends his sensory abilities to their limits , as greedy as a young boy discovering some new territory of pornography .
tr	NNS	So now she was happily weaving ribbons through a piece of solid wood with an ease that women at a loom would envy .
tr	NNS	While the glass did not break , the milk soaked her slippers .
tr	NNS	This job filled an emptiness within her , and she owed Corinne a huge debt for giving her this chance .
tr	NN	" Surely you copied the design without him knowing .
tr	NN	He dropped his pen with some relief and took the sheet from my hand .
tr	NN	" Take the yoke . "
tr	NN	Still , he defended the phrase .
tr	NNS	They finished their meals , finally getting to the small talk that Jeff had wanted from the beginning .
tr	NN	We are talking pancake here , nasty . "
tr	NNS	We have made many attempts to root them out , but they are too strong and their influence grows . "
tr	NN	Until two days ago , she 'd never had a major disagreement with her stepmother ; now she 'd had two .
tr	NN	" I 've got a trust fund I 've never touched , and I 've been a professional quarterback all my working life . "
tr	NNS	She had some serious balls .
tr	NNS	Give us accommodations as guests of the hunters .
tr	NNS	" I saw red stripes painted on the front doors of the units .
tr	NNS	" I don 't hear the cattle crying . "
tr	NN	He had the artifact when he went into the mansion , but it wasn 't on him when he came out .
tr	NN	She kept his dagger at the ready by her hip , though the thought of using it made her feel ill .
tr	NNS	Also , since you won 't require the manse anymore , I 'll make arrangements to sell it . "
tr	NN	Cracking one eye open , she saw the hottie from the bar .
tr	NN	" Especially the timing . "
tr	NNS	" I 've got two points I wan na make .
tr	NN	She could have as much protection as she needed in the beginning .
tr	NN	Rather than rip the sticky notes off of my locker like I probably should , I take out my pen and make them a little more creative .
tr	NNS	He accepted cups of mead and ale from the vendors but seldom drank more than a sip .
tr	NN	I tuck a strand behind my ear .
tr	NN	I thank the butler who delivers it , then lift a spoonful to my lips .
tr	NNS	I threw my covers back and leaped out of bed .
tr	NN	" Two demerit points for Specialist Larson , " she told the drill sergeant .
tr	NNS	He 'd trusted his instincts when he first saw her across that crowded ballroom , and so far they had been dead-on .
tr	NN	Genie shouted , pacing towards the Elf .
tr	NN	Shana resisted the urge to race outside and confront him then and there .
tr	NN	He was not expecting a siege .
tr	NNS	She wore black slacks with a tiny black halter shirt and sheer black cover up .
tr	NN	It had no effect .
tr	NNS	She 'd been kissed senseless by this man today , as if her heart needed another blow to remember why it was so broken .
tr	NNS	" Does Brandon have fangs ? "
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of Aubrey as she walked west from the pawnshop . "
tr	NN	She pounds the tailgate .
tr	NNS	" I 'm holding all the cards here , Grace .
tr	NNS	But every family 's got its strengths and weaknesses , Rob .
tr	NNS	They have hearts of gold , once you get to know them . "
tr	NN	Either way , Lena would be reading the crossword puzzle .
tr	NN	" She 's handling the responsibility of the business well .
tr	NNS	He placed our plates of tender , steaming dove and mixed vegetables in front of us , and then returned quickly with his own .
tr	NN	The stairs had rubber padding with the ridges worn almost to nothing .
tr	NN	These children would have a new lease on life .
tr	NN	" What manner of monster am I ?
tr	NN	The dullest of smells set my nose tingling .
tr	NNS	He remembered shots and the padding noise of Vietnamese running in their sandals .
tr	NN	His latest bitch , Annie , had had her second litter of puppies .
tr	NN	The match folder still filled up his range of perception .
tr	NN	Mat fished out the key , wobbling slightly , then unlocked the lid and revealed the contents .
tr	NNS	Mr. Neely looked innocuous , like a clerk or a banker , with well-kept hands .
tr	NN	Choose option a , b or c .
tr	NN	" Get a warrant .
tr	NN	It mostly uses the design we sent him . "
tr	NN	I liked the style and the distinctive watermark , so I bought it . "
tr	NNS	Maybe we can hit up a few temples when I 'm done or at least go out for Indian some night .
tr	NN	Max had moved off the terrace into the grass , and was poised to run .
tr	NN	Cold sweat beaded her temple and she got up to stand by the window and look outside .
tr	NNS	Had the sound of the rain and wind dulled Shelby 's senses , so the approach of the trespasser was totally unexpected ?
tr	NNS	They all knew the positions the subs were to take .
tr	NNS	" She does have nice tits . "
tr	NN	She lifted her nightgown and fled his side .
tr	NN	Half a dozen police officers heard the command and drew their weapons .
tr	NN	" What 'll ya have , honey ? "
tr	NN	Plenty had taken the second option .
tr	NNS	He has Clyde and three other on and off workers , but it seems like he is always busy running around to different jobs .
tr	NNS	A white dish tub lands at the end of our table .
tr	NNS	Tom loved the different fruits and breads that were brought in to eat and the nectar to drink .
tr	NN	The EMP would collapse the nation 's power grid .
tr	NNS	" That will fulfill the terms of our bargain , " said Cronus , and I stopped cold .
tr	NNS	He has two sons , and is eighty-seven years old .
tr	NNS	Apparently I was singing some rather controversial lyrics at the top of my lungs . '
tr	NN	He was just respecting Uriah 's privacy .
tr	NNS	Just below me , on a narrow balcony running around the inside of the sliding roof , a man was playing cards with himself .
tr	NN	" If you do not turn from this endeavour , then I shall have no option but to destroy you all .
tr	NN	They both have the same goal in mind , but it would hurt me to the core to release one of them .
tr	NN	He unscrewed the lid .
tr	NNS	I pulled the covers up to form a secret canopy above Patch and me , and giggled in his ear .
tr	NN	He left the lab .
tr	NNS	She moved her palms over Jake 's arms , his shoulders and torso , searching for injuries , her fingers skimming over smooth muscle .
tr	NNS	Looking toward the city , he could see the tall smoke stacks that emitted the evidence of men toiling at work .
tr	NNS	He trusts the teenage twins .
tr	NNS	The first couple of button pushes unlock large security vans which I discount due to their size and lack of stealth .
tr	NN	Rachel didn 't like the pang that thought caused .
tr	NNS	" You fired those shots ? "
tr	NN	" King Bloodstone is resurrecting sin from the chambers of death .
tr	NN	" Where do we find combat ? "
tr	NN	Every vampire had their assigned task and she , as the least senior vampire in the coven was left with sweeping the floors .
tr	NN	" You said ' another assassin ' .
tr	NN	Jake gave one last heave and sent the unit flying over the edge .
tr	NN	Boniface explained the Europol operation and the part that the Holloway family had played in the events .
tr	NNS	How much more betrayed must that woman be feeling ?
tr	NN	Nita removed the wrench and looped the ropes through its jaws to hoist it onto her back .
tr	NN	Kara walked around the passageway and killed the two policemen who were still breathing .
tr	NN	" I 've made an appointment with my doctor to have my vasectomy reversed . "
tr	NN	I saw the slight curl of his lip , revealing a bright , white fang , hinting his annoyance at Drew 's suggestion .
tr	NNS	We walk the same halls , take the same elevators -- sort of -- but I never see him .
tr	NNS	It had three chambers : a reception room , an operating theatre , and an isolation ward .
tr	NN	Another boom and crack shook the pod , widened the split in the ceiling enough that water began rushing in , splashing all over Brenda and Jorge .
tr	NN	Madame Undine 's soft voice lacked conviction .
tr	NN	He opened his drawer and shut it again .
tr	NNS	" You can use needles of fire to close the wound . "
tr	NN	" The restaurant out at the Running Y serves a nice Sunday brunch . "
tr	NN	Tammy felt a flutter of nerves when the music started .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't see or hear the millions of people below us anymore .
tr	NNS	I doubled my efforts to find physical and virtual places to post my note .
tr	NN	" But maybe it wouldn 't do you any harm to hear what I have to say . "
tr	NN	He who has the control , has our loyalty .
tr	NN	Blake felt his eyes pinch together .
tr	NN	They shall obtain joy and gladness , and sorrow and sighing shall flee away . ' "
tr	NNS	I can feel the panic seizing my heart as I remember the unfolding events the last time we faced unresolved issues .
tr	NN	The skidding , slipping drive had kept her on edge all night , but now that they had arrived , she felt exhaustion catching up with her .
tr	NN	" Nice try honey , but it only works if its true love . "
tr	NNS	Please let the dogs be what they are " .
tr	NN	With that , she quickly slipped the last stitch through the ball , tied it off and broke the thread .
tr	NN	He spread his napkin out on his lap .
tr	NNS	He 'd taken the shelves out of his entertainment center for the drive , but most of the bolts were still in place .
tr	NNS	I have two conclusions for you . "
tr	NNS	I did laundry , he did the dishes .
tr	NN	I removed a climbing rope and harness from the pack and fastened them to my waist .
tr	NN	I had a sudden realization .
tr	NN	" It suits the outfit , doesn 't it ? "
tr	NN	Thomas untied the rope from the dock and tossed it onto the deck .
tr	NN	" You all have a favor to ask of me ? "
tr	NN	He might as well have taken a bath in booze .
tr	NN	" I have a search warrant . "
tr	NNS	He had penthouse suites around the world , but nowhere he stayed long enough to call home .
tr	NNS	I buy sausages from him . '
tr	NN	He hears my voice hitch and become smaller , more strained as the story goes on .
tr	NN	She wiped the liquid on her leggings with an absent motion and took a few steps forward .
tr	NN	She caught a brief glimpse of a shoe , of wrists and a watch , then nothing at all .
tr	NN	I mean , had Marco seen her accessories collection ?
tr	NN	Howling , the hermit turned the sailboat sharply .
tr	NN	" Oh my Jesus ! "
tr	NN	She set her pen down on her desk and met his gaze .
tr	NNS	The one he 'd waited centuries for .
tr	NNS	The men gathered their scattered mules and horses .
tr	NNS	Despite my commitment to immersing myself fully into this unique part of his life , I 'd had several crashes .
tr	NNS	If you 'll excuse me , I have a few other errands to run . "
tr	NN	" Can I borrow a pen ? "
tr	NNS	It certainly explained all the FBI ships in the harbor the last time Aria had looked out the porthole .
tr	NN	* He 's already got the bossy attitude .
tr	NN	Just thinking about me being with Heather made her cringe .
tr	NNS	Out on the sidewalk another was showing his credentials to a police officer .
tr	NN	Then they heard a low growl .
tr	NN	" You 're wearing a hospital gown and a smile . "
tr	NNS	She thrust out her wineglass .
tr	NNS	Tonight the aldermen , along with the health clinic 's board of directors , would hear progress reports .
tr	NN	Hoods hiding their faces , in front of their eyes hung a black cloth .
tr	NNS	Chris put his cards down and met her gaze .
tr	NNS	" Well , I 've got some supplies , but not nearly enough for what I 'm thinking of .
tr	NNS	Ronan had the balls to smile at her .
tr	NN	He gave her credit .
tr	NN	Most people I know , that means porn . "
tr	NNS	It would present a strange quietness .
tr	NNS	The elevator moved up several inches and stopped after a loud noise of gearboxes churning against one another .
tr	NN	" Even after being caught in the buff she gave me attitude . "
tr	NNS	Rian sounds clueless but I know he 's doing it on purpose .
tr	NNS	Herds of elk , deer , antelope , and buffalo roamed the plains .
tr	NNS	He 'd already eaten the two apples , and wished there had been more .
tr	NN	Two weeks later , on the day she was scheduled to leave the hospital , Jazz had a new visitor .
tr	NN	A loud bang of thunder shook the airport , and she ripped her eyes from his livid face to gape outside .
tr	NN	My father spilled cranberry juice on your tapa . '
tr	NN	Voss 's attention had continued its constant sweep of the irregularly shaped room , and now it focused on the figure that had just entered .
tr	NN	" No , I meant fish . "
tr	NNS	I had my doubts that Rhode 's would consider himself one of the lucky ones , but then everything is a matter of perspective .
tr	NNS	I study my surroundings .
tr	NNS	Handwritten guides that would help explain those breathtaking leaps she made when she was creating a spell .
tr	NNS	We didn 't want any more human victims .
tr	NN	replied the unborn infant .
tr	NN	With Dad gone , Mom was pulling double duty and often stayed behind to clean up and get the shop ready for the next business day .
tr	NN	Though he should have used protection ... should at least have asked her if she was protected .
tr	NN	Wasting his tune with its obligatory mumbling .
tr	NNS	But , she 's creating opportunities for musicians .
tr	NN	I could practically see the blood trickle from his nose .
tr	NN	" Well , I was getting that impression , yes .
tr	NN	What language is that ? "
tr	NN	" He 's a Master Wizard , " Drew nuzzled my temple before placing a gentle kiss .
tr	NNS	Eventually , the thing slowed its attempts to escape .
tr	NNS	Finish your contracts before you even consider mentioning fewer hours .
tr	NN	She stood nearly a head taller than Shirley .
tr	NN	After dressing again in his cloak , gloves , mask and hat , he entered the workroom and began .
tr	NNS	Roger rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	He 'd received picture Christmas cards from her and Clifford for the past two years .
tr	NNS	She had searched all four floors of the building , top to bottom and was now searching them once again .
tr	NNS	I switched the plates last night . "
tr	NN	Eagerly taking breaths of fresh air , they watched the descent of the window with surprise as it splashed into the harbour below .
tr	NNS	I can see the cups and you have everything ready . "
tr	NN	I 've got an appointment with the doctor tomorrow to see if he can actually prescribe something .
tr	NNS	Now I couldn 't help the loneliness I felt among them .
tr	NNS	Aunt Marguerite had loved all forms of music and had ingrained that same love in him as well .
tr	NN	" So once we get the info , what is the next step ? "
tr	NN	Someone other than the judge is finally censoring your language ? "
tr	NNS	She 'd been dusting the items on the shelf closest to the front door , and she 'd glanced through the window from time to time .
tr	NNS	Patients flooded the hospitals with varying symptoms resulting from their new psychic abilities .
tr	NNS	But it raised Richard 's suspicions .
tr	NN	Within moments she had her opponent on the ropes .
tr	NNS	' Hide these pathetic little trinkets for your witch to fight with ? '
tr	NNS	Finally , after what seems like an eternity , one of the lab techs motions for me to come inside .
tr	NN	By the time they 'd parked and reached the hospital 's main entrance , Phoebe saw Clark pacing just inside .
tr	NN	She lifted the towel away from her face .
tr	NNS	I 've made arrangements for enough blood for all for the next several months .
tr	NNS	I hunted a deer last night .
tr	NNS	As I presumed , my mother stuffed his plates .
tr	NN	I resist the urge to lick it and wait for his answer .
tr	NN	He waved away a small silver dragon that was sniffing at the Kite , and it took off vertically on a needle of blue flame .
tr	NN	He fought down the sorrow and grief , as he had trained himself to do for years now .
tr	NN	" Your album , Black Diamond , has gone platinum . "
tr	NNS	I take the bubbles and run towards the couch .
tr	NNS	The slightest shake of her head had spoken volumes .
tr	NNS	" Did you follow my directions ? "
tr	NN	I crest a hill to see the silver sports car pulled over on the opposite side .
tr	NNS	She flicked the reins with casual ease , and the huge brute of an animal moved toward the lopsided gate .
tr	NN	' Thank goodness for air friction , that 's all I 'll say . '
tr	NN	The SFPD will make a good crowbar .
tr	NNS	While under observation Brady addressed several meetings and met with the coordinators of Change Maker groups in the area .
tr	NN	There , he 'd do his duty , unloading and carrying , sometimes for clicks without a break .
tr	NN	The braid down her back kept the friendly breeze from lifting it from her neck .
tr	NNS	If anything , she was going backwards .
tr	NNS	Something with white-hot pincers and venomous fangs .
tr	NNS	As each man reached the station platform they took up defensive positions .
tr	NN	Had the village of shanties and hovels ever known such vitality as it did now in the name of death ?
tr	NN	The man is wearing his uniform , and he has that seriously displeased look policemen wear when they 've seen too much .
tr	NN	Name of the Angel , Clary , can 't you show some patience ? "
tr	NN	Hannah caught only a brief glimpse of it as it scampered into the trees , but she thought it might be a skunk .
tr	NNS	She 's probably suffering horrifying visions of me showing up at Thanksgiving and Christmas . "
tr	NNS	Nicolas scoured the place settings , searching the cards for his name .
tr	NNS	She clutches the covers to her chest .
tr	NN	He examined the dummy with a certain scrutiny that he hadn 't used before .
tr	NNS	" No , Mr Cloud , he did not change his politics . "
tr	NNS	Now at odd hours I get these insatiable cravings . "
tr	NNS	She could have made really big bucks off a successful Browning book .
tr	NNS	To begin with , I want campaign offices in New York , Washington , Chicago , and San Francisco .
tr	NNS	Above their heads , a dull glow tinged the clouds .
tr	NN	He didn 't have the traditional beard or iron helmet , but there were other little ways that you could tell .
tr	NN	He stole a slice from me .
tr	NN	He kept his counsel about Felix , and Felix , s possible moral claim to the house naturally .
tr	NNS	" I don 't do chores . "
tr	NNS	' But most of them have seen too many winters , as I have , or too few , as my son 's son here .
tr	NNS	And she certainly didn 't want ties to this town after she was gone .
tr	NN	I let out a snort .
tr	NN	" Oh , and , um , don 't go caveman , okay ? "
tr	NN	She picked up a lump of wood that was leaning against the cages .
tr	NNS	Yours always E. Blake A letter typed and signed by her mother , complete with characteristic spelling errors and typos .
tr	NN	He gave himself a mental pat on the back at her pleased expression .
tr	NN	" Just do us both a favor and take a good hot shower before you join us .
tr	NN	" It 's like seeing a shark doing tricks in a swimming pool .
tr	NNS	He could not control the hideous grimaces but somehow was not afraid .
tr	NN	She had a pillow in each hand and anger in her eyes .
tr	NNS	I can assure you the clocks run much slower on this side of the wall . "
tr	NNS	Therefore her eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	NNS	Us adults played some cards in the dining room and sat around catching up .
tr	NNS	I empty out the knives I took from the kitchen in the pub along with the cigarette lighters I took .
tr	NN	" They have taken a liking to you .
tr	NNS	Then fetch my personal physicians . "
tr	NNS	How often does he attack bears ? "
tr	NN	" I hired a reasonably priced contractor who 's patching the holes in the walls and repainting . "
tr	NN	I let out a soft moan as he slowly pressed himself inside .
tr	NNS	" Our team 's going wheels up at twenty-one hundred . "
tr	NNS	They shared the same tall frames , broad shoulders , thick dark brows , straight noses and stubborn chins .
tr	NNS	And recently , scientists from West Chester University successfully revived bacteria that had been trapped for 250 million years inside salt crystals , deep underground .
tr	NN	' You seek forgiveness . '
tr	NNS	Alec picked up the trays and my messenger bag .
tr	NN	General Ramey had the utmost respect for Joe 's instincts .
tr	NNS	" So I can see ghosts .
tr	NNS	This time when I fell asleep , I wasn 't plagued my nightmares .
tr	NN	Kicking off her sandals , Eve ran barefoot across the coarse dead grass that covered the shared lawn .
tr	NNS	I must show you those alternate designs , as promised . "
tr	NN	They couldn 't pay a soda at the military store with their monthly salaries .
tr	NNS	The list contained several references to dentistry and medical research about organs and tissue damage .
tr	NNS	Troubled , she leaned forward to whisper for only Marguerite to hear , " He had fangs . "
tr	NN	Hal Linden held a martini to his lips and nearly spilled it down his shirt when he caught sight of her .
tr	NNS	I could make out the figures of several men in business suits standing around me , but I could not see their faces .
tr	NNS	I 've got a few tricks of my own . "
tr	NN	" Wait Ryo , I might have given you the wrong impression .
tr	NN	But I respected my pa and also the way we were brought up .
tr	NNS	All three of them shot Spencer daggers .
tr	NN	I had not missed his speech , but what I witnessed now was the precursor to what was coming .
tr	NN	" So we should awaken the twelve again ? "
tr	NN	At last I jerked the whip loose and flung it aside , oblivious to my burned fingers .
tr	NNS	I made some requests , and certain members of my family arranged the details . "
tr	NN	Keeping his gaze on hers he sucked her cream from them .
tr	NNS	I snapped off a couple more shots at the doorway -- more to keep the pirate from getting any ideas rather than expecting to hit him .
tr	NNS	And all the classmates would bring a compass .
tr	NNS	" Then we may have two murderers , or sets of murderers , in the area . "
tr	NNS	Slowly , over time , I noticed subtle changes in his attitude .
tr	NNS	Our young captain made large , sweeping motions so that they could see what he was doing .
tr	NN	Then I can sprinkle the Earth soil on top .
tr	NNS	They 'll fill up the empty positions since our class has seniority by one day .
tr	NNS	He signaled the numbers with hand gestures as he spoke .
tr	NNS	She can see little bits of food crusted in his beard .
tr	NNS	" Alexandra is showing Michael the roses .
tr	NNS	I could feel her loneliness , her confusion , her anger as she snored .
tr	NN	A line of torches marked the boundary between the chaotic noise of the resort and the quiet thunder of the surf .
tr	NN	The gate guards took his rifle and eyed him suspiciously , but they let him pass .
tr	NN	" What the hel do you care ?
tr	NN	She must have recognized the country code .
tr	NNS	Don 't waste your spears on the little ones .
tr	NN	Good-bye , Tim Ava wiped the flood of tears that drenched her face .
tr	NN	" You take I-55 south , and you 'll run right into I-20 .
tr	NNS	Although small by human standards , it could hold ten thousand wolves .
tr	NNS	As I said , I made some connections and handed out the business cards .
tr	NN	It matches the brand at Cairn Cottage .
tr	NNS	And we can 't collect license plates from different states , so consider those games useless . "
tr	NN	He even produced a laser pointer from somewhere to help with his lecture .
tr	NN	I also took your advice and went to bed with someone . "
tr	NNS	" Go analyze combo meal numbers one through ten at a fast food joint . "
tr	NNS	So Leif had brought her the roses .
tr	NN	Noel pinched Aria 's butt .
tr	NN	Perhaps you can return the favor someday . "
tr	NN	Though she couldn 't see it , she could almost feel the man 's casual shrug .
tr	NN	They made the climb up the 4,000 foot peak in Rachel 's ancient Volvo and had lunch at the old Mountain Lake Hotel .
tr	NNS	The vamps bared their fangs , their faces twisted at the intrusion into their lair .
tr	NN	Before she knew it , she was back to her normal size , her body pushing the sofa away from the wall , the unbearable tingles subsiding .
tr	NNS	His phone contained only a few numbers , including Anna 's .
tr	NNS	Her voice sounded breathless and he could feel her tension in the air .
tr	NN	" You might look over the ecru satin gown .
tr	NN	I can barely tolerate the constant clang and rumble .
tr	NNS	It had taken a few trips from the car to bring everything to the front door .
tr	NNS	I may not paint my buildings but I keep 'em clean .
tr	NNS	' They 've been sacrificing members of their group through the elevator passage in order to stay alive .
tr	NN	I dare take any leap when she is not near ; but I do it and don 't tell her about it . "
tr	NNS	A wire apparatus covered his pelvis .
tr	NN	Her own hands were working the snap and zipper of Jax 's jeans , the bulge of his erection making things a bit difficult .
tr	NNS	Time travel has its complications .
tr	NN	But she 'd have closure .
tr	NNS	" Well , I do feel a slight empty coldness . "
tr	NN	Sadly , we can 't use the hologram beyond the atmosphere of the Earth .
tr	NN	" Well , if you need to run any errands , I drove your Mustang Monday .
tr	NNS	He might have controlled his fangs and kept his distance , but his eyes had turned a ravenous black .
tr	NNS	She placed her palms on the hard surface and gasped .
tr	NNS	Then she stepped backwards .
tr	NN	As we talked , I had the impression that he distrusted me .
tr	NNS	" Besides , remember the blank pages of the book when Conrad opened it in America ? "
tr	NNS	She had her suspicions , of course .
tr	NN	" You 'll need a waiter , though , yeah ? "
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	She could taste the coppery flavor of her own blood as it thickened in the water .
tr	NNS	As Pharaohs , we were both considered gods by our people .
tr	NN	By turns , he rejects and accepts the possibility of a hocus-pocus kind of religious phenomena : the Rapture .
tr	NN	Definitely no rival for Akane , like the other girls who had shown up out of the past .
tr	NNS	I have my methods , and I don 't like changing them . "
tr	NNS	She often pulled silly pranks on her , with Willow 's enthusiastic participation , of course .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of the driver and I didn 't recognize him .
tr	NNS	Pulling my hand away I straightened the cushions behind my back .
tr	NNS	" Bryn , " Tristan growled dangerously .
tr	NN	" We created the Blood .
tr	NNS	With hardly any effort , he was tearing down her defenses .
tr	NNS	The President pulled the pages from his coat pocket .
tr	NN	It puts a kink in the UN 's main excuse for dominating the planet .
tr	NNS	Adair could have picked up a few tricks .
tr	NNS	" He hates these cans . "
tr	NNS	They were consenting adults , they 'd had great sex , and now it was done .
tr	NN	With that he backs the cart up and vanishes down another aisle .
tr	NNS	Lemon glared daggers at the woman with cold blue eyes .
tr	NN	It didn 't have a high priority because the food was at least nutritious .
tr	NNS	Grandma had taken off the stacks of rings she usual y wore on her fingers .
tr	NNS	" I 've seen a few romance novels . "
tr	NNS	I heard a few murmurs at that , and some of the older girls glared at me .
tr	NN	" And when he walked into Santo 's , my fingers got all tingly .
tr	NNS	I trusted my instincts and followed their message .
tr	NN	He can 't very well ride a bumpy wagon with his leg in bad condition . "
tr	NN	Mrs. Walker tossed the marker she 'd been holding onto her desk .
tr	NNS	The cold bit hard into my calves and then thighs as I sank into a deep pool .
tr	NNS	Universities around the world have been studying samples of this steel , trying to figure out how it was made . "
tr	NNS	As Varg reached for her , she whipped both knives at the extended claws , and one of the cuts swept drops of blood onto the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Father Marquette heard all their confessions and they held a short service .
tr	NN	After giggling and fiddling with her hair , she closed off one whole batch of rooms so we could be alone .
tr	NN	Had he allowed his respect toward the steward to allow him to demur from demanding a straight answer ?
tr	NNS	" I sure hope something fits . "
tr	NN	But as you know , subsequent tests clouded this assessment .
tr	NNS	" And not cast any spells ? "
tr	NNS	She perused the covers then plucked one from its frog magnet .
tr	NN	I felt Jack 's arousal beneath me .
tr	NN	I don 't give a fuck about what you want . '
tr	NNS	His blood heated at the thought even as he watched her nimble fingers shuffled the cards into a bridge .
tr	NNS	They washed away her fears and uncertainties .
tr	NNS	Hold your positions ! "
tr	NNS	My gaze searched the treetops below as I pondered this .
tr	NNS	He stood several paces away , shifting his weight from foot to foot anxiously .
tr	NN	Then she climbed up the hill behind the cabin to look down on the scene as a whole .
tr	NN	Even though I was not overweight , I gave the impression of being so .
tr	NN	" Women of Aliyah 's caliber can wreak untold havoc .
tr	NNS	He could hear birds outside , and the wind blowing .
tr	NNS	But could she take the crumbs ?
tr	NN	From my position in the living room , I couldn 't see the upstairs landing .
tr	NNS	Finan took the reins from the boy who held his horse and swung up onto its back , giving the command to get under way .
tr	NN	# Steven entered the diner , on schedule , and sat in his booth .
tr	NN	Sickening shivers worked up my spine .
tr	NN	When will I see u ?
tr	NNS	" We don 't have any allies .
tr	NNS	I had had enough cruising at a gentle speed so I went to the navigational post and put the ring on maximum .
tr	NNS	Your Daddy killed the two hunting dogs with the hand gun . "
tr	NNS	A fringe of corrugated membranes at the sides suggested whiskers .
tr	NN	Choir Rise together , lonely nevermore .
tr	NNS	He removed his goggles and shined his lights around him .
tr	NN	To me , that means independence .
tr	NN	Kaitlyn could see confusion mingling with the anger in the faces around her , and she turned to the one person she trusted absolutely .
tr	NN	He flapped his cotton napkin out flat across his lap and smiled across the breakfast table at her .
tr	NNS	She sank her long fangs into the deer 's neck and killed it .
tr	NN	" You want execution ! "
tr	NNS	Leona never , and I repeat never , ate foods with fuzz on them .
tr	NNS	The desk had two chairs , one on either side .
tr	NN	I sighted the laser on the vampire 's dark form and pressed the trigger .
tr	NN	The savory aroma of meat and spices didn 't dull my hunger .
tr	NNS	He 'd never taken drugs , but imagined what he felt would be similar to the withdrawals a crack addict experienced .
tr	NNS	Maddox and Falcon gave their brother hugs and slapped each other on the backs while Sylvia and I hugged and sobbed .
tr	NNS	The look the four of them gave each other spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	I should go get the mop and ... No .
tr	NN	A twig poked my belly .
tr	NNS	She sees the flared haunches of Mrs. Parson coming at her down the steps and feels her arm behind .
tr	NN	I need proof of ownership , insurance and a driver 's license . "
tr	NNS	She slid the remaining items into the bottom drawer , knowing there was no need for Amanda to see those things .
tr	NN	" You mean the Cheyenne who 's now going out with Joe ? "
tr	NN	She heard the clash of metal against metal and turned her head to see sparks raining down .
tr	NNS	The court house stood tall with slanted sun damaged roofs .
tr	NNS	He could see two other buildings beyond that .
tr	NN	" Do you have any proof ?
tr	NN	You haven 't had any closure on either one .
tr	NNS	Two took positions as sentries at the top .
tr	NN	But he didn 't like her pacing or worrying because he was annoyed with Chase .
tr	NNS	After I found him swimming , I want to know what other hidden skills or extensions he has .
tr	NNS	" Ceremonial blades in our cultures are still hard working blades .
tr	NNS	He walked fifty yards into the desert and threw her into a hole .
tr	NNS	She rolled her khaki slacks up and sat down , letting her feet dangle into the water .
tr	NN	The green and black island housed the dishwasher , a warming drawer , and other cabinets .
tr	NN	The moment I got into the car , I remembered in exact detail the article that had been written by that impostor , John Harper .
tr	NNS	Kali didn 't even like cats .
tr	NNS	The Black Student Union passing out fliers demanding race segregated classes .
tr	NNS	I 'm not doing drugs . "
tr	NNS	" My powers ? "
tr	NNS	Again , the pages skipped several dates , sometimes even weeks .
tr	NN	Fury gave him a sinister smirk .
tr	NNS	So far , the killer had chosen victims all related to the base , which would prove helpful in drawing police attention to Mason .
tr	NN	He held back the snicker , only releasing bits and pieces .
tr	NN	I still have the condo .
tr	NNS	She liked the jaw breakers they were big and almost filled her entire mouth , plus they lasted for a long time .
tr	NNS	Della pressed both her palms against her stomach .
tr	NNS	I 've got clients screaming for my hide , threatening suits for legal malpractice .
tr	NN	'Cause I 'll just have one o ' the men break down the door if I don 't .
tr	NN	" Your terminology , " the satyr said , has hit the nail exactly on the head !
tr	NN	" So I can beat the fuck out of him ! "
tr	NN	How could one single man wreak such havoc ?
tr	NN	Twenty minutes later , she stepped off the treadmill and took a quick shower , the relief at not being caught overwhelming .
tr	NNS	On stronger days , she 'd trip the circuit breakers in the basement and become blue arcs in the streetlight out front .
tr	NNS	Now , I was massaging my temples .
tr	NN	Chapter 4 I heard a groan and turned my head to Vincent 's dark shape on the opposite side of the alley .
tr	NN	" In other words , take a parasol and an umbrella . "
tr	NNS	" You painted your little toenails . "
tr	NNS	he screams and presses his thumbs into my throat .
tr	NNS	Others lit torches , brightening the mists .
tr	NN	He kept the small wad of paper in his hand until he headed for the bus stop where he tucked it in his pocket .
tr	NNS	And really , who was she to question people 's coping mechanisms ?
tr	NNS	Take back roads and alleys to your house . "
tr	NN	He said nothing about what happened earlier , he only threw a backpack at me and told me that I was expected to hike with him .
tr	NNS	Still closer to asleep than awake , she shifted the covers off her body and invited , " Let 's get you warm . "
tr	NN	I entered the eerily vacant temple and began searching the chambers .
tr	NN	Claire felt hysteria bubble up inside her .
tr	NNS	I get out my supplies .
tr	NN	A castle of webs , set amidst a cluster of extra thick strands .
tr	NNS	Adrian gave wary responses and looked relieved when Sabrina showed up to take Marcus away .
tr	NNS	He handed Wat a few more coins .
tr	NNS	His wry tone indicated his doubts about that .
tr	NN	" Have a cake , Gia and for goodness sake trim your nails .
tr	NN	Josephine left Dale 's condo with mixed feelings .
tr	NN	" We 'd better get some more ice cream from the freezer in the garage .
tr	NNS	And the heat has dried up any wet marks so we can 't even see where they came up out of the water .
tr	NNS	Only the sounds of the birds that filled the woods broke the stillness .
tr	NN	Beautiful green mountains decorated the landscape .
tr	NN	" As it turns out , I got some interesting data this morning from a contact of mine in the White House . "
tr	NN	I produce the dagger from behind me .
tr	NNS	We 're taking serious measures to see that this sort of interception can never happen again .
tr	NN	A woman nursed a martini at a table near the window .
tr	NN	He wanted this witch to pay for all the pain he had ever felt .
tr	NN	She picked up the cloth on the counter and looked me over .
tr	NNS	In fact , Chrissie dreaded the emptiness that lay ahead .
tr	NN	He didn 't like my defiance .
tr	NNS	More dinners means more opportunities to impress him . "
tr	NNS	She probably wouldn 't understand his complaints even if he tried to explain them .
tr	NN	However , we had the element of surprise as our escape hadn 't yet been discovered by the main body of pirates .
tr	NN	Do you have a quill pen and ink handy , My Lord Abbot ?
tr	NNS	She patted her pockets until she came across something solid .
tr	NN	How could she put her sorrow into words ?
tr	NNS	As they suspected , a direct hit penetrated the covers , but the neighboring soldiers were protected well .
tr	NN	American gangsters stole the design . "
tr	NNS	Krueger wasn 't an evil man , he just had pathological motivations , rooted in his childhood .
tr	NN	He didn 't bother answering .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the ones who answered Diamond 's call will pull your Jewels back from a foolish decision . "
tr	NN	I could make out just the barest scruff along his jaw line , not enough to hide the way his neck muscles moved when he swallowed nervously .
tr	NN	" I 'll order pizza .
tr	NNS	Fellows handed her a few coins before he left .
tr	NNS	His brothers had similar marks as it was their family marking , but each one had some subtle variations , making it unique to each brother .
tr	NNS	" The other two don 't have any markings . "
tr	NN	" I 'll alert British intelligence .
tr	NN	But luckily that morning , he had a doctor 's appointment and had taken the morning off .
tr	NN	Even Emma heard the frank admiration in her voice .
tr	NN	He gave me a slow clap and I grinned in spite of myself .
tr	NN	He felt resentment for the stranger who charged out of their van to stop him joining the rest of his family and dying with them .
tr	NN	You could still have an ultrasound to be certain , but the wound looks clean .
tr	NN	She grabbed another handful of sticky toys to be tidied away .
tr	NN	He scuffed his right boot on the floor .
tr	NNS	Tropic islands develop off shore breezes in the morning adding to the discomfort of the early morning heat .
tr	NNS	You could bet your boot disks that , if she went to the Super Store , Roger would arrive while she was out .
tr	NNS	He hit the shrubs and fell back into them .
tr	NNS	Throwing away the plates ?
tr	NNS	Could hypothermia cause hallucinations ?
tr	NN	Should I disconnect my battery so you can prove me wrong ? "
tr	NN	" In fact , over the past few months , I have really taken your advice to heart .
tr	NNS	Jade has some troubles , some troubles of her own to work out , and some troubles with this company .
tr	NNS	Then I lost my powers , and I couldn 't protect them .
tr	NN	He changes his tune .
tr	NN	" I have some trick candy you might enjoy . "
tr	NN	Even relaxing in his chair , he exuded potent sexual vitality .
tr	NN	" Oh , I have a germ phobia .
tr	NNS	You - " " Yes , it was , " he said calmly , cutting her off before he returned the hourglass to its shelf .
tr	NN	" I see great evil and unerring goodness .
tr	NN	Tully pushed the mistrust aside , and said instead , " Tell me about him .
tr	NN	" Feels like cheating . "
tr	NN	" Christie ... " He was losing his patience .
tr	NN	Could I bring up April fifth again to see if we could hang out after that ?
tr	NN	Final y , Boots cleared his throat delicately .
tr	NN	He felt the first pang of it when he found her in that dingy back bedroom .
tr	NNS	" And that made you cancel your afternoon meetings ? "
tr	NN	A little hand held up a delicate purple blossom .
tr	NNS	A leader must know loneliness .
tr	NN	I would have lost my scholarship and had to crawl home .
tr	NNS	Despite his hefty fees , the money he saves his clients every year swamps the sums he commands in payment for his services .
tr	NNS	He had always liked houses with pillars .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to pull away from her , to spare her the rumors .
tr	NN	She replaced the cap on the vial and returned it to the drawer .
tr	NN	She had the proof in her hands that this was exactly what Rand had claimed .
tr	NNS	Which it didn 't the next two weekends .
tr	NN	My drab flats looked feminine and dainty in comparison .
tr	NNS	I take a few deep breaths , and then I stand up .
tr	NNS	Cameron recalled firing three shots at the Senator , hoping none had hit Stacy .
tr	NNS	I have no illusions that his decision was politically motivated .
tr	NN	The wind teased a handful of feathers along the gray pavement .
tr	NN	In fact , I think the impossibility of the situation appealed to him .
tr	NN	Jack pushed a tangle of hair out of my face .
tr	NN	We had gained a trench and then we lost it , as quickly as the snap of a finger .
tr	NNS	" Where did you learn such powers ? "
tr	NNS	Appendix II listed the suspected members of the Cards who had died .
tr	NN	The only way down to the ground floor was by the balconies overlooking the central atrium and security guards were posted at the foot of each staircase .
tr	NN	He speared a pineapple chunk and popped it into his mouth .
tr	NNS	Gretchen followed my movements but held her silence , somehow knowing I wasn 't finished .
tr	NN	She hadn 't worn such a basic outfit since college and didn 't have a pair of blue jeans in her wardrobe now .
tr	NN	Another blast outside echoed his command .
tr	NN	She grabbed the hem of his trousers and yanked his foot free .
tr	NNS	I won 't tolerate your insults again . "
tr	NN	It listed his expected rate and cut .
tr	NNS	In very slow motion , he moved the palms of his hands down to my waist .
tr	NNS	Making deliveries , making friends , making a life among them in such a short time .
tr	NNS	Instead he commanded , " Put the ingredients down . "
tr	NN	Sunday 's paper will carry an article about your arrest .
tr	NNS	So far she had heard only negative reports from the second in command .
tr	NNS	He could practically see the wheels of her brain turning and wished he hadn 't revealed as much as he had .
tr	NN	A few minutes later , several men wheeled a wagon into the center of the cavern .
tr	NN	Gollum watched every morsel from hand to mouth , like an expectant dog by a diner 's chair .
tr	NN	They also received a sound file that contained the audio conversation .
tr	NN	The Caesar also remembered that curious hallucination of Faustus shortly before his death .
tr	NN	I spied a pencil on the floor , stooped to pick it up , and dropped it in the drawer of the bedside table .
tr	NN	Fitch let out an exaggerated yawn .
tr	NN	We should celebrate the occasion , but maybe tomorrow .
tr	NN	" Like she said , we didn 't have the ammo to hold the walls .
tr	NN	He ground the wreckage into his ash tray , waving the smoke away from his face .
tr	NN	" So I should trust the witch I 'm toying with not to turn the tables and hex me for it ? "
tr	NNS	The setting sun lit the high clouds with an array of brilliant colors .
tr	NN	Jason reaches to his thigh and fingers the butt of his pistol .
tr	NNS	The nurse placed the envelopes on the small table and left .
tr	NN	For example ; his story on roads , whilst mostly being a tome on the lust for travel , also highlighted a more spiritual quest .
tr	NNS	She squeezed her thighs tight around his neck and he wondered how much more the gods would make him endure before he lost all reason .
tr	NN	" The last thing I want to do is hurt anybody .
tr	NNS	Most wanted families , which meant they had to disguise who and what they were .
tr	NNS	" Stop the beatings or leave G5 . "
tr	NNS	It sounded old fashioned , almost like arranged marriages , and just reading about it made him uncomfortable .
tr	NNS	I have issues , Connor , and I feel like I 'm heading down a bad road .
tr	NNS	She had lovely fangs , long and curved and as sharp as daggers .
tr	NN	He had a full beard and even though I always thought I hated beards , it suited him .
tr	NNS	Right now House Pierce was collectively having fits .
tr	NNS	She could see dark figures struggling through the mud .
tr	NN	She gave him a vague shrug .
tr	NNS	The sheet was just covering her breasts and I placed the roses beside her and uncorked the Cava .
tr	NN	" Let joy be unconfined . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	And none of us knew its true meaning .
tr	NN	At dinner , George got canned tuna fish and ate it from a dish beside Ben 's chair .
tr	NN	Every noise in the house upset her fragile equilibrium .
tr	NNS	I can 't get the supplies I need if she 's not there . "
tr	NNS	With only seconds to spare , I dialed the numbers .
tr	NN	In the midst of my indecisiveness , I heard a twig snap from behind me .
tr	NN	He would have an escort to the city , and she could stay in her forest .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't blame Jess for asking her to try to help him walk , as much as she wanted to .
tr	NNS	" To buy drugs . "
tr	NN	The wind quickly messed up my braid , and I pulled loose my wavy , streaky blonde hair in relief .
tr	NN	She even could feel a slight breeze on her face .
tr	NN	Joanna herself favored assumption , but in her memoir prudently suggested it as only a possibility .
tr	NNS	It took the deer , and it gave the girl .
tr	NN	She leaned a hip on the table and smirked .
tr	NNS	I hear some noises again coming from jour place . "
tr	NNS	" I don 't like your methods . "
tr	NN	He does possess a certain talent .
tr	NNS	Make arrangements , Christian .
tr	NN	" Don 't you have a trunk or something ? "
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to punch him .
tr	NNS	I get numbers and facts and the literal meanings of words .
tr	NN	Mr. Shilling closed the file .
tr	NNS	" It exceeded my expectations . "
tr	NNS	My mind was playing tricks on me .
tr	NNS	I ordered cups of coffee and when we were seated , I contemplated my next move .
tr	NNS	The idea of spending another evening with him created butterflies in her stomach and her heart instantly lifted .
tr	NN	Nature left on its own could not turn a dinosaur into a bird , only we can do that .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to shout , to roll to his side and clutch the wound .
tr	NNS	He had planned phrases and biting remarks for the last few weeks as the plan was put in place .
tr	NNS	We can 't take any chances . "
tr	NNS	" I can feel your juices all over my stomach .
tr	NN	David called a woman Marlena over and instructed her to bite me , but I couldn 't see anything . "
tr	NNS	Mill moved nearer and reached up for the horse 's bridle , presumably to lead it and its rider toward the side of the house .
tr	NNS	We have some archives which exist in three or four editions , none of which agree .
tr	NN	I bit my fingernail .
tr	NNS	He exhibits the Touch talents sometimes to easily making him a lazy and leisurely gifted Prime .
tr	NNS	" I can see more intersecting tunnels , but they are on the far side across the water . "
tr	NNS	Rand had known many like him , courtiers with too few brains but too many family connections .
tr	NN	I followed his advice , leaning my head against the cold window and closing my eyes .
tr	NNS	Second you lost your rights that night after the party .
tr	NNS	Rose still had his doubts though , ' So how did they know the truck would be there ? '
tr	NNS	You grab Teresa 's reins and make sure you hold on tight !
tr	NN	I swallowed the building lump in my throat , anticipating her words .
tr	NNS	you know the regular trouble makers in town ?
tr	NN	In those few fleeting moments , Riley caught a glimpse of the core of goodness and gentleness of this woman who had so thoroughly captured his heart .
tr	NNS	He left his companions without a word and hastened toward her with his long-legged stride .
tr	NNS	He could see the tear tracks on her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Jase and I never mention politics .
tr	NN	" My old neighborhood !
tr	NN	Pausing at the crossroads , he glanced left and right again , freezing when he spotted a bit of brilliant white in the distance .
tr	NN	God had created this cavern at the beginning of the world , so He could easily see and guard the group as they moved through it .
tr	NNS	He drew deep breaths , trying to concentrate on the waves crashing against the shore instead of Carly 's ragged breathing .
tr	NNS	When she puts her fingers there , she can see the tendons tucked in behind his teeth clicking away in a radial pattern .
tr	NN	She stuffed a cracker into her mouth and mumbled , " Should have saved the picnic for tomorrow . "
tr	NN	She stretched and felt the protest in muscles she 'd overused last night .
tr	NN	This gave him the leverage he needed to regain the top position , pushing her to the ground as he kneeled on her stomach .
tr	NNS	She carried the plates to the table and turned to leave .
tr	NNS	The kid managed three shots before Kate hit him .
tr	NN	As he sat waiting , he got an inkling as to what he 'd put Nikki through these past months .
tr	NN	Then I packed up my briefcase and headed home .
tr	NNS	In between explaining to Amy , I dialed numbers recklessly , looking for another weapon .
tr	NN	She could hear his claws digging down into the hood as he grappled to hold her at the precipice .
tr	NNS	" We would 've had beautiful babies . "
tr	NNS	And having babies . "
tr	NN	She pulled a pistol from her purse and pointed it at his gut .
tr	NNS	He drew nearer , and Landon stepped forward to block his path .
tr	NNS	" Especially the sleeping arrangements .
tr	NNS	Men had their priorities , after all .
tr	NN	Daenerys comes from over the sea , takes the throne , and weds Jaime , last of the Lannisters .
tr	NN	By the time the carriage reached the encampment they were enclosed on both sides by peasants .
tr	NNS	First floor contained the stores and businesses while the upper floors were living quarters .
tr	NNS	Enclosed as she was inside the bubble preventing sound from escaping , MaryAnn couldn 't hear the birds or insects .
tr	NNS	Either confusion had slowed his reactions , or I 'd suddenly become faster than the average werewolf .
tr	NN	One of the men approached the cart .
tr	NN	" Duncan MacLeod , I hereby declare my undying allegiance and faithfulness to you . "
tr	NN	Randy could hear his truck door slam in the background .
tr	NN	" I sent an email requesting a meeting . "
tr	NNS	" You have no rights as far as the courts are concerned .
tr	NNS	It celebrated generations of graffiti artists now .
tr	NNS	Some household appliances like microwaves and telephones will transmit frequencies this finder can detect .
tr	NN	Troops on both sides of the border heard the supersonic whiz of the Patriot missiles flying through the air .
tr	NNS	She had traumatic visions of great cities , forests , waterfalls and a variety of creatures ; some sentient and some not .
tr	NN	Made a friend , got a puzzle to keep my brain occupied and who knows what adventures she could expect to unfold over the next two weeks ?
tr	NNS	They throw helmets , curse , criticize , scream , exhort one another to step it up and do whatever is not getting done .
tr	NN	She took a sampling of finger lobster and some oysters .
tr	NN	Chloe got off the swing and ran to the slide .
tr	NNS	She had opened the cans for us and had napkin plates at each of our positions .
tr	NN	I mirrored Ryder 's gesture .
tr	NN	I recognized that trait in her yesterday .
tr	NNS	If he didn 't think she was worthy , then he shouldn 't have set up the marriage and conception conditions of the will .
tr	NNS	They sure didn 't have a million dollars .
tr	NN	" Don 't give me that crap .
tr	NN	He watched Nick 's eyes darken .
tr	NNS	We have some supplies to unload for you .
tr	NNS	I 've got skills .
tr	NN	The jaws of the main clamp grasped the hull of the small transport and pulled it down into the fully docked position .
tr	NNS	If I wanted to read , I had romance novels in my suitcase .
tr	NN	I hear a snap and know that I now have another broken rib .
tr	NN	Luc 's got the weird , blurred line effect going on , too .
tr	NNS	I have two board members in my office that my mother contacted about some things she knows nothing about .
tr	NN	He envisioned his mom walking Shadow .
tr	NNS	We 'd better not take any chances . "
tr	NN	I could smell fish frying and meats baking .
tr	NN	I feel my body slump with disappointment .
tr	NNS	I can 't believe my rudeness .
tr	NNS	I felt an envious pang at the sight of their coziness .
tr	NNS	His hands gripped my thighs , spreading my legs farther apart .
tr	NN	Surprisingly , it was located one block below street level .
tr	NNS	I can handle my reactions to objects from other historical periods .
tr	NNS	They needed mules and we are it !
tr	NN	Despite the law of slavery in this country , I will make an exception . "
tr	NNS	Alex roamed the aisles of medium oak shelves tall enough to come within centimeters of the ceiling .
tr	NNS	" When they had two dogs who needed to see a vet right away ?
tr	NN	Not that I needed another affirmation , but Jude had indeed found his calling in life .
tr	NNS	She had her own issues that plagued her and another man 's life in her hands .
tr	NN	On the empty front seat sits a wrapped package .
tr	NNS	I racked my brains for any way I might have possibly harmed a werewolf , any reason why this complete stranger would want to kill me .
tr	NN	You have no business digging around in mine . "
tr	NNS	Do you know the pure mechanics of snapping your fingers ?
tr	NNS	" Five hundred thousand dollars !
tr	NN	Sophia softly pushed the lid up and made sure that it was all fine .
tr	NN	I gave you the next location .
tr	NN	He was still only wearing one shoe .
tr	NNS	" My children obey my requests because they want to , not because they fear what will happen if they fail .
tr	NN	She brought up a keyboard and smiled .
tr	NNS	I have never so far sacrificed my notions for any objective .
tr	NNS	I didn 't have ten thousand dollars .
tr	NN	Over the years -- at times using independent contractors , but mostly doing the work myself -- I modified the tower block for my own personal use .
tr	NN	While the military was already using portals to mass personnel and equipment on hot spots , the political instability had moved up the social scale .
tr	NN	Firmly I grasped the marble railing , clacking my neatly trimmed nails on the dense surface .
tr	NNS	" He made some very distasteful remarks to one of these men 's wife , a white woman . "
tr	NNS	Okay , so Jaden was scoring even more points to prove his whole girls are crazy theory .
tr	NN	Reg Shoe thumped his portable podium . "
tr	NN	He grabbed the pear and sunk his teeth into it .
tr	NN	She spoke the nickname her brother had given her years ago .
tr	NN	Nevertheless the man had an excellent reputation when it came to investigations of a personal nature , too .
tr	NN	" It 's Samantha , now , " I say , the accent gone , my breath hitching in my throat .
tr	NN	And the Muses ' have more than one ally ; this was just a small fraction of what they can do . "
tr	NNS	They made bagel sandwiches and a pot of herbal tea and ate in silence .
tr	NN	Around a bend , she saw the first big hill in front of her , Cat 's Back Hill .
tr	NN	Would you grab a candle ? "
tr	NN	We must aid the Resistance and find a way to defeat the darkness surrounding Blake . "
tr	NNS	She felt the hardness of his body , moved , shifted and struggled to get closer .
tr	NN	Edward was wearing his dress uniform : red coat with bars of gold braid .
tr	NNS	" They never fire any shots ? "
tr	NNS	And I 'm not letting down my defenses . "
tr	NNS	She has no skills .
tr	NN	He was holding his belly with one hand , keeping pressure on .
tr	NN	They are , um , road crew . '
tr	NNS	" Those people are probably getting lethal doses of radiation as we speak , but they think it 's okay to come out .
tr	NNS	" You 've deciphered those marks ? "
tr	NNS	The officers reported his movements to the transit police who converged on the Gothic Line .
tr	NNS	His words threw daggers into my heart .
tr	NNS	I install two hidden cameras in my condo , just in case someone drops in while I 'm away .
tr	NNS	Laughing and watching the subtle little changes in his face .
tr	NN	Sometimes , their terror or disappointment coming across the desert just after midnight .
tr	NNS	he asked Robyn 's companions and led the way into the house .
tr	NNS	Being able to stay to shadows without people seeing him had its benefits .
tr	NNS	" They walk these halls even during the day ... " he muttered .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't see any buildings that had not suffered damage , and very few that could even be recognized as buildings anymore .
tr	NNS	He spoke rapid Italian , and over the phone it sounded even more urgent .
tr	NNS	Every table sported old coffee cans full of peanuts still in the shell .
tr	NN	If I 'd really thought ahead , though , I would have brought you an umbrella . "
tr	NN	" But I have seen a fledgling , remember ? "
tr	NN	George fell momentarily silent , then threw his nephew a cheeky grin , a grin that sent Jack into hysterics .
tr	NN	She crept down the narrow staircase , hearing the risers creak beneath her weight .
tr	NN	Mostly it employed caution and anticipation .
tr	NN	I took down the painting and carefully laid it on the couch before turning to face the wall again .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't have billions to inherit and a company at stake .
tr	NN	Was he Ashton , the famous actor and pop star ?
tr	NNS	They say possession 's nine points of the law , right ? '
tr	NN	" You 've got pepper jack , though . "
tr	NN	Apparently , a lot of people had paid the fee and taken the test .
tr	NNS	Someone is taking desperate measures to catch us in this lie . "
tr	NNS	" They are setting up their own search teams . "
tr	NNS	I 'm in my bedroom breathing breaths of relief at having gotten through the day .
tr	NN	Mr. Stott placed the bear cracker back inside the box .
tr	NNS	The monks in the monasteries had carved all the miracles of Saint Mary in wooden plates .
tr	NN	Did you see anybody in here ? "
tr	NN	You make a frontal advance on the big ' un by asking her to dance , leaving me with a clear maneuvering field . "
tr	NNS	They had these platforms under them that had to be pumped by foot to make the sewing needle go up and down .
tr	NNS	We can take the tunnels under the lake and come up through the trapdoor in the lodge 's playroom . "
tr	NN	When I spotted the words accidental and David , I narrowed my grid and read that passage : My brother , David , staring back at me .
tr	NN	" Do I have a tumor ?
tr	NNS	The pilot quickly kills the engines , inducing a cascade of whines as the turbines spin down .
tr	NNS	As Pyotr 's hand touched the screen , he cast his senses out into the tunnel , stretching to his limits .
tr	NN	Calling the person in , he quickly shook off the seriousness of his words and put on his professional face again .
tr	NNS	We have several diversionary teams , but they do not need to know the exact location .
tr	NNS	The fluorescent streetlight drained all the brightness from Lucas 's bronze hair , so that it looked simply brown .
tr	NNS	I gathered her pencils and folded her sketch pad and placed them all into her messenger bag .
tr	NN	But now he considered the possibility seriously .
tr	NN	She captured a slice of time that might otherwise be forever lost .
tr	NNS	From the bathroom , I could hear the thumps of her jumping jacks and then the squeaks of the exercise bike .
tr	NN	As she had imagined his admiration so long ago .
tr	NNS	You , you and you " , she said , pointing to an Amazon and two other troopers , " lock shields behind them .
tr	NN	Buddy pushed an empty waste basket over beside her .
tr	NN	Susannah grabbed the icy soda .
tr	NN	He 'd made a scratch al right a scratch like a scuff .
tr	NNS	We painted the antique pine floors and added a thick , shag rug .
tr	NNS	The men placed their trays on the table .
tr	NNS	" I made some changes to our schedule .
tr	NN	Watch them , memorize their movements , their mannerisms , even drunk they 'll show you their tells .
tr	NN	Later that afternoon , she confirmed an appointment with her dentist , picked up her dry-cleaning and stopped at the ATM for some cash .
tr	NNS	I take off my boxers .
tr	NNS	One part of her questioned her actions , raising doubt .
tr	NN	They were growing impatient now .
tr	NNS	I call the shots . "
tr	NNS	With that , our nation would legalize their operations .
tr	NN	" You drop acid ? "
tr	NN	With a final desperate movement , he twisted the knob , and kicked the door open as he fell .
tr	NNS	You do know defensive blocking techniques ? "
tr	NN	" Inside the vault ! "
tr	NNS	They matched stares before Tate put a hand on the arm of each .
tr	NNS	Once the phones are working again , we can make arrangements for you .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	And Stuart , so do the witches !
tr	NNS	The living room 's linen and sand drapes complemented the maple wood floors .
tr	NN	Give me a peek behind the curtain of a professional actor .
tr	NN	We use a Brahmin bull .
tr	NN	I gave him credit he would protect my reputation .
tr	NN	Basha grabbed the hilt and eased it a little out of the scabbard as he steadied himself into a stance , with unguarded sword upraised .
tr	NNS	This young man had all the markings that talents agents dreamed of .
tr	NN	I brought the equipment . "
tr	NNS	Melanie clearly read too many romance novels .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness for that . "
tr	NNS	We found the ' reinforcements ' of the British army who were completely unaware of what we had just been through .
tr	NNS	A few people gave us good natured smirks for our absence , but no one said anything about it .
tr	NN	She slid her icy glare from Hale to the girl behind him .
tr	NN	We won 't have the airport in Raleigh much longer ; somebody will be in there soon and will vandalize the place .
tr	NNS	" Of sorts . "
tr	NN	" When I was a relatively young man , " continued Gabriel , " I experienced a crisis of faith .
tr	NN	Cheryl caught a glimpse of herself in the chrome of the dessert refrigerator .
tr	NN	The years had an odd effect on him .
tr	NN	" I have a hunch I need to follow . "
tr	NN	Then he eased his tall frame onto the leather seat across from her , took a swig from his own tumbler and sighed .
tr	NNS	Expecting some vamps to control their urge to create underlings is like handing out free condoms and expecting horny teenagers to actually use them .
tr	NNS	' Yeah , I have anger issues .
tr	NNS	Unlike the breathless corpses , the breathing zombies had their goggles and elastic hoods pulled back .
tr	NN	He ignores the bot while they recognize him .
tr	NNS	Forced most of us out , the buggers . "
tr	NN	Sometimes on Saturday night , Kelly and Mike would hire a babysitter and go out to dinner .
tr	NNS	I don 't normally do the intern interviews .
tr	NNS	My body felt overheated with pleasure , and I cried out each time my back slammed against the mahogany surface .
tr	NN	" Don 't worry , I have all the faith in the world in Ellen .
tr	NNS	Her heart was racing so hard she felt dizzy .
tr	NNS	He told many fishermen 's tales during the next hour about fishing with his majestic boat " The Robin " which sported a red hull .
tr	NN	" Take some advice , Ian .
tr	NNS	" Shoot the witches ! "
tr	NN	Ludwig did not understand the gesture . "
tr	NNS	What other surprises did Kelly Taylor have tucked under all her clothes and hair ?
tr	NN	" I couldn 't help bragging to him , Spence . "
tr	NNS	I hate hospitals , " I say , turning back to look at him , forcing a smile onto my face .
tr	NN	I read an article the other day about the dangers of sleeping with the help .
tr	NNS	You have a million chances .
tr	NN	Bret released a snort of laughter .
tr	NN	Wave tied her backpack to her chair so it wouldn 't float away , but I desperately clung to my purse .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms on either side of my cheeks .
tr	NN	You deliberately chose the Williamsburg power plant in order to incriminate me .
tr	NNS	" He was cutting his fingernails ? "
tr	NN	He ran his fingernail back toward her ass .
tr	NNS	You will fight your instincts to help or do good .
tr	NNS	Maura wiped her palms on her slacks .
tr	NN	Last year he set a bouncer on fire because he tossed Adam out of the club .
tr	NNS	If you don 't want to ally with us , go frag yourselves .
tr	NN	Its metal had a dark blue sheen , but that was the only clue to its composition .
tr	NNS	Back then , she had learned the rudimentary skills of her future profession .
tr	NNS	I sued many corporations and factories .
tr	NN	I have seen the error of my ways .
tr	NNS	Seems Clarence and his wife had two sons , Wayne Quincy and Robert Lee .
tr	NNS	They saved the pits for her , to be strewn in the trench .
tr	NN	Shortly after , Andy noticed a mountain range rising to meet them .
tr	NN	He brought the cavalry .
tr	NN	But he had mistaken their strong attraction as a bond .
tr	NNS	Jon and his crew were wearing black versions of that same outfit .
tr	NNS	But she 's taking measures as she would like to get divorce in peace .
tr	NNS	I 'm just letting the drugs and my imagination take control .
tr	NN	" But what about your own recovery ?
tr	NNS	We 'll kill all the females first and then kill ourselves . "
tr	NN	He turned his computer monitor toward her and pointed .
tr	NN	Clicking noises resonated down the stairwell .
tr	NNS	We were lifting bricks and he said something as simple as , " Watch out Coco .
tr	NN	I took a bath for the first time in forever .
tr	NNS	Can Lucian escape centuries of lies , bloodshed , and propaganda to see the truth ?
tr	NNS	The Washington Post had two mentions , one of which was a hostile article without even talking to me .
tr	NN	Instead , I 'm selling my condo and I 'm going to buy a cabin or a small house higher up in the mountains . "
tr	NNS	" He did not call her such , Graeme .
tr	NN	Her gloved hand traced the furniture as she made her way to the books and began reading the titles .
tr	NN	Zeus scratched his beard .
tr	NN	I pried open the monitor and put in my password .
tr	NNS	It had dark , worn wood floors and tons of windows .
tr	NN	At the sight of him her heart gave a flutter .
tr	NNS	Despite my new loathing for anything wet , I managed a few very big gulps of the water before refilling the canteen .
tr	NN	His eyes scanned her frame and a small smile lifted to the corner of his lips .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the pregnancy had already suffered complications .
tr	NN	He merely pushed to his feet , then dusted off his kilt ( or whatever the hell that skirt thing was called ) .
tr	NN	She handed the first CD to her sister and opened the jacket , which included the lyrics to all of the songs on the discs .
tr	NNS	" How many chances do we have ? "
tr	NN	Take a running leap off the edge .
tr	NNS	Instead of putting on the shirt he 'd grabbed off the floor , he stripped off the boxers he 'd slept in .
tr	NN	" Looks like he wants to be as far away from you as possible , " Aiden mirrored my observation .
tr	NNS	She had big pots for cooking stews and boiling food .
tr	NNS	Little marks adorned strange spirals and curves .
tr	NNS	Both of them held babies in their arms .
tr	NN	He 'd craved more responsibility at the farm , but he didn 't want this .
tr	NN	He had extracted his revenge .
tr	NN	" This time finish the article . "
tr	NNS	She touched the marks on his cheeks , remnants of his time as a Silent Brother , almost reverently .
tr	NNS	In a brief time that Bradley could dedicate to scrutinizing the surroundings , he did not see any mechanisms that could control those doors .
tr	NNS	Restraining my impulse to call out , I first extended my senses to see if I could " feel " Rigel -- and I instantly did .
tr	NN	Slowly , I walked up the hill towards the Administration Building .
tr	NNS	" Pull the trigger , " Jim dared him , staring him in the eyes , " You don 't have the balls ! "
tr	NN	Navy blue and tan accented the dark hardwood furniture .
tr	NN	" You must have every faith in Betsy . "
tr	NN	However , you only got this privilege if you paid the nominal membership fee .
tr	NNS	" We should probably focus our attentions on the top , then . "
tr	NNS	" Juliette - " His body presses closer and I realize I 'm paying attention to nothing but the dandelions blowing wishes in my lungs .
tr	NN	Hugo , assemble the cavalry .
tr	NN	" Which version will you sanction ? "
tr	NN	Liam touched a probe that looked like a small flashlight to the Celtic knot at the base of Andrea 's Collar .
tr	NN	I picked up my duffel and headed for the door .
tr	NNS	She weighed different responses and finally said , " If he wants to kill me so much , why didn 't he just do it last night ?
tr	NN	There was broken furniture scattered everywhere like a rave hit the house .
tr	NNS	The aliens and the humans were both using military ships and neither of them put much thought into making them look nice .
tr	NNS	I am not taking chances until the sight of your pale face , your body without breath , leaves me .
tr	NN	Nine turned , gun in hand , went down the staircase to the basement workshop , and walked through to the garage .
tr	NNS	He lifted the covers and tucked them around her , then leaned forward for another brief kiss .
tr	NN	I pull the gag down on Malcolm 's face and stand back up , looking at the door .
tr	NN	She had the short haircut and thin build of the intense young scholar .
tr	NN	( Dee lost the argument .
tr	NNS	The others in the group had better chances of knowing what was available to work with , so I reluctantly opened up the list for suggestions .
tr	NNS	Jasper had gathered some chairs in a semicircle so we could watch the sunset near the water .
tr	NNS	She probably had a hundred mosquito bites already .
tr	NN	" Tasting me , before you sucked my shaft between your lips . "
tr	NN	The tribesman shot a blast of fire ; the other tribesman absorbed the flames into his hands and reversed it .
tr	NNS	" I brought you more samples .
tr	NN	Neither one of us has had more than one slice of pizza in more than a day . "
tr	NN	I had an unpleasant task to face that morning .
tr	NNS	" I ... " My mind trips over itself trying to find an explanation that will work .
tr	NNS	" I recognize bits of it .
tr	NNS	' I would know the tracks , the men who made them . '
tr	NNS	One day , we were riding our bikes to the creek , laughing , listening to music .
tr	NNS	" In the evenings he would translate French novels to me .
tr	NN	Why not an alligator , or a snake , or a leopard for that matter ? "
tr	NN	Time had aged the shovel .
tr	NN	This really marked the onslaught of medications .
tr	NNS	Exceed my expectations . "
tr	NNS	He twisted his handlebars , moving his headlamp to point directly to the spot .
tr	NNS	Nearby a swarming mass of taxi drivers and tour guides held up similar name boards .
tr	NN	He 'd stripped off the dog 's vest and held it bundled under his good arm .
tr	NN	" I am not giving you pity , Destiny .
tr	NNS	His compassion was eroding her defenses .
tr	NNS	" Got your bombs ? "
tr	NN	Jackson checked the clock on the wall .
tr	NNS	I swipe my palms over my jeans .
tr	NN	They had in fact increased their flight traffic .
tr	NN	Being a wolf gave him a libido that meant it didn 't take him long to restart .
tr	NNS	Cautiously , she stretched the layers of feathers to their full length and fanned the air experimentally .
tr	NN	You 'll have done a good deed , and I will remain hidden forever . "
tr	NN	Another chill crawled down Simone 's spine .
tr	NNS	Lord had even left two shovels for them .
tr	NN	Which only deepened the scowl .
tr	NNS	I carry the passport and credit cards with me at all times .
tr	NNS	" Can the powers to advance death be used to incapacitate any type of creature , even if it is only temporary ? "
tr	NNS	I will register all sightings .
tr	NNS	I really don 't like hospitals or all of these scans , tests and surgeries .
tr	NNS	One Powerpoint , eight client confirmations , and several scanned items later , and I 'm ready .
tr	NNS	Frowning , he turned the thin pages .
tr	NNS	" Do you hear yourselves ?
tr	NNS	" I shall handle the explosives . "
tr	NN	She had a sweetness that jumped out even from a photo .
tr	NN	" If I die with no heir , you 'll resume the throne .
tr	NNS	Thimble had never seen the tunnels for herself , only heard stories from returning Hunters .
tr	NNS	It would certainly simplify the equations in getting us back home . "
tr	NN	I fought the undeniable urge to press a hand to my cheek , hiding the mark he 'd made last night .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , Maury only increased his frenzied movements in response .
tr	NN	And now you gave her proof . "
tr	NN	Did I get a bad bargain ? "
tr	NN	These authentic acts of gratitude inspire the manifestation of even more blessings and abundance in my life , for which I continue to act with appreciation .
tr	NN	Finn pulled out some yellow crime tape and draped it across the stairs .
tr	NN	Cara exhaled slowly , surprised Mike had a one-on-one confrontation with his father .
tr	NNS	I 've studied many Primes .
tr	NN	The suspect raised his dagger in attack .
tr	NNS	She had no illusions that she could fill her sister 's shoes , so to speak , but she could at least try .
tr	NNS	Finally , a long sought stillness settled over Sophia .
tr	NNS	Even more than I love the alimony payments .
tr	NNS	What if I change her movements to somewhere else ?
tr	NNS	Maddie could feel Max 's loneliness in the desperation of his embrace .
tr	NN	Josh cut the twine and yanked the meat off her .
tr	NN	He brought me a bouquet of obnoxious flowers .
tr	NN	She did a quick sweep of the space with her gaze .
tr	NN	He put the rifle on his shoulder .
tr	NN	In the light that danced through the currents of water , I can make out the uniform .
tr	NNS	" You have some serious issues . "
tr	NNS	First she confirmed the numbers .
tr	NN	Out of it , I didn 't know his meaning till I blinked back into focus and saw that he was watching the weirdness in my eyes .
tr	NNS	The familiar stone walls of the Keep , and the moist , dark interior met her senses .
tr	NNS	Needing something to cool her down and hopefully get her brain cells functioning again , she tossed back the last few swallows of wine in her glass .
tr	NN	" I 'll scan the FLIR recording . "
tr	NNS	She had good instincts , but she simply didn 't have experience .
tr	NNS	We can 't add data that isn 't present .
tr	NNS	I heard noises in the background , people talking and lots of static .
tr	NN	Only you alone can accomplish this task . "
tr	NN	I shoot a glare at it and it cowers off with its tail between its legs .
tr	NN	He accorded each person the same respect , none higher than another , and was clearly regarded with respect in return .
tr	NN	She didn 't need his pity .
tr	NNS	Ginny Doran maintained an icy exterior , her smiles subzero daggers aimed at both of us .
tr	NN	" Roy , you got anybody in there ? "
tr	NN	I don 't need a hero , Race .
tr	NNS	He didn 't like dogs at all .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths to calm myself and noticed him doing the same .
tr	NN	" I don 't even have your email . "
tr	NNS	She made muffled noises through the plastic strip covering her mouth as she tried to ask them what they were going to do to her .
tr	NN	Upon seeing his father and brother , he lowered the pistol he carried and entered the room .
tr	NNS	As the sun began to set , the ambient lighting from people 's light up necklaces and bracelets illuminated the walkways .
tr	NN	Ben lay there , motionless , arm falling limp over the edge of the stretcher .
tr	NN	He still didn 't have his revenge .
tr	NNS	Skyla gives a few heated breaths like she 's enjoying it , and I hope to hell she is because I can 't stop .
tr	NN	" But she will find the Mother if that is her purpose !
tr	NN	Laura shrugs her backpack on her shoulders .
tr	NNS	Bill piled the leftover vegetables onto a plate and went around the corner to the animal pens .
tr	NN	Not a speck of ash or dust marred the black sheen of his suit .
tr	NNS	To pass the test , she would need to score at least sixteen shots inside the inner two target rings .
tr	NN	" We 've sure got little proof .
tr	NN	What harm could there have been in that ?
tr	NNS	Major network news organizations skip over the hard issues in their attempt to be impartial .
tr	NNS	I 've already made up a few excuses for why I need to get transferred there ! '
tr	NN	Janelle let the relief flood through her limbs , until her father urged her out into it .
tr	NNS	Kids have tagged the outside bricks with all sorts of graffiti .
tr	NN	She has a part-time receptionist who doesn 't work today .
tr	NN	She touched her boot and the slight movement of her ankle made her grimace .
tr	NN	' And I shall enjoy feeding from you , Jenny McLean . '
tr	NN	At that time we will discuss an appropriate punishment for your behavior .
tr	NNS	How could Lina keep her babies from harm 's way when she couldn 't hear them , and could barely feel them ?
tr	NNS	He scooted our chairs in and placed his hand on the small of my back as he led me out of the restaurant .
tr	NNS	If I 'm going to put up this tree , I 'll need all new ornaments .
tr	NNS	Or you can offer the cottages as part of the wages the guards receive from the village treasury or the tithes . "
tr	NN	" Have a bath prepared for your master and bring him food and wine . "
tr	NN	We don 't even have proof that there was a second man other than what you say you saw . "
tr	NNS	" I sent the blades toward Alicia .
tr	NNS	I 'll pursue enquiries as to his present whereabouts . '
tr	NN	" Do not test my resolve . "
tr	NNS	Brick made two seamless points .
tr	NNS	The creature sank its long fangs into her breast and she screamed as it 's hot venom flow into every fiber of her body .
tr	NN	At night , I felt the leech writhing inside me .
tr	NNS	Jack met their stares until both glanced away .
tr	NNS	Another surge of moist heat dampened her thighs .
tr	NNS	Selene had rented beach houses for us every summer up and down the Oregon coast .
tr	NNS	It took three solid thumps before the item snapped in half .
tr	NN	I could see his trademark style everywhere .
tr	NN	I open my sock drawer , pulling out a picture frame I buried in there after we had broken up .
tr	NN	After dressing , Drake left the castle to feed .
tr	NN	" You always say , puzzle through the process .
tr	NN	In a moment , I feel his head butt up against my leg .
tr	NN	Today she was wearing a houndstooth sheath with black hose and fashionable black pumps .
tr	NN	Marsha considered the distinct possibility the more she thought about it .
tr	NN	With a saucy grin the youth gave the knife a twirl before it disappeared into the grimy sleeve of his jacket .
tr	NN	He needed a master healer immediately .
tr	NNS	They had maids in this place and she darned his socks .
tr	NN	Gabrielle stroked my head resting on her shoulder .
tr	NNS	Some caught their breaths , a boy whistled , and another girl made a choking sound .
tr	NNS	Your kind cause endless troubles for us and our relationship is tenuous at best .
tr	NN	Chapter 1 It was a beautiful sunny day and Nomi was riding her beautiful red bicycle to the corner store .
tr	NNS	He placed his palms atop it and stayed in this position for several breaths .
tr	NNS	Ella has always had issues with intimacy and pushed people away , including me if I try to cross the friend line .
tr	NNS	Stopping dead , my heart skipped a few beats .
tr	NNS	He reversed their positions , rolling her onto her back , but she clutched at his hair , stopping him when he bent to kiss her breast .
tr	NNS	Either Alba is keeping her fears to herself , or she 's realised that we might have a chance .
tr	NN	I closed the heavy mesh curtain over the fire and put the poker away .
tr	NNS	That he could see her nipples through the thin layer of her shirt ?
tr	NNS	It stopped in front of the three prisoners , only a few yards away .
tr	NNS	" I know women - no ' witches .
tr	NNS	We need reinforcements ! "
tr	NNS	" I had the best doctors at the university studying me and they couldn 't change me back .
tr	NNS	Which of her brothers had left the dishes on the ground instead of putting them on the table ?
tr	NNS	He found vessels in the bay .
tr	NN	Joan grabbed a pencil and started writing .
tr	NN	I can see detail from far away as though it were up close .
tr	NN	" He dragged her snooty butt to the Principal 's office .
tr	NN	Cause he don 't need no lawyer . "
tr	NN	This time , he took the lobe of her ear into his mouth , nipping gently .
tr	NNS	And even then he must have been using incredibly powerful spells just to bind it .
tr	NN	My mother-in-law 's voice came out extra shrill to my ears .
tr	NNS	Unable to control my reaction to him , I clenched my upper thighs tightly together and lightly dug my fingernails into Mason 's shoulder .
tr	NN	" I don 't need anybody to protect me . "
tr	NN	' Course not , darlin ' .
tr	NN	" We 're using the quilt on the bed , and this is going downstairs .
tr	NN	" Behaving like a young buck with his gal . "
tr	NNS	" But you have enough new burdens without adding me to the mix . "
tr	NN	It affected their treatment of me .
tr	NN	Pia obviously had talent , and she 'd nurtured it since their one night together .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to sweep that hair back so I could see her better .
tr	NN	She did a spin , holding up her hands and giggling .
tr	NN	At fourteen she had the height and the figure of a young woman but not the years to match this man .
tr	NNS	The caterer is having issues and the band backed out last minute , but that 's why you always have a backup plan . "
tr	NN	This side designed an elaborate scheme to murder another human being that all came together after months of planning one late fall night .
tr	NN	He stood transfixed , overpowered by the wonder of the beautiful bright star in the sky .
tr	NNS	In the first wagon , a baboon screamed and bared its fangs and rattled its cage and shat copiously through the bars .
tr	NNS	He is standing a few paces back ; arms crossed over his chest , and is regarding me with a somewhat amused expression .
tr	NN	He worked the lid off and lowered it to the rough stone floor of the cell .
tr	NN	I crest the hill and stop , breathing in a deep inhale .
tr	NNS	Checking out land deeds for a title company ? "
tr	NNS	He 's standing a few paces away but doesn 't try to come any closer .
tr	NNS	Water flooded the floors , and he knew there was no way out .
tr	NNS	Neil managed a few more yards before he heard Rick say , " He stopped . "
tr	NNS	' Saying your prayers , again , surely ? '
tr	NN	Above us , the mountains frame the valley with their gray rock , but down here , there 's a riot of color and noise .
tr	NNS	We carried our boards and wetsuits over our heads along a path lined with vegetation until it opened up at a rocky beach .
tr	NNS	He no doubt had ulterior motives for that , too .
tr	NNS	She didn 't mask her reactions and she was extraordinarily passionate .
tr	NN	They were running an experiment at its facility station called WENDY .
tr	NN	But Junior 's glowering stare finally cowered old Cal .
tr	NNS	They raised their blades , creating a star within the star , an open space in the middle .
tr	NN	Mitch dropped the receiver and looked around .
tr	NNS	Foreword I found these diaries among the remains of a house in Nottingham that burned down in 2012 .
tr	NNS	A dead body had been discovered , just blocks from Arthur 's rented room , a possible third victim of the Orchid Killer .
tr	NN	" Maybe someone found the backpack that night and filled it with explosives ? "
tr	NN	Make a grand gesture to show her that you care . "
tr	NN	I see her chin quiver and then Gramps 's head drops like he 's confused .
tr	NN	" My little hero . "
tr	NN	" No , but I have great respect for the intricate workings of the Renaissance mind .
tr	NNS	" Where else can I make six figures a year and save enough to retire before I 'm thirty ? "
tr	NNS	He explained the four basic hand signals they 'd need to know .
tr	NNS	She didn 't recognize the giggles coming from her throat as he dragged her out the front door , leaving messy dishes on the counter .
tr	NNS	As usual she 'd made no errors .
tr	NNS	Some of them give away millions every year . "
tr	NNS	I could barely make out the three figures , but it looked like a woman and two soldiers .
tr	NNS	Elise had her suspicions , but didn 't press him for details .
tr	NNS	Missy batted her eyelashes , but it was too dark for Kevin to notice anything different about her .
tr	NN	I pulled open my briefcase and pulled out some odds and ends to mark my territory .
tr	NNS	Smoke clouded the fringes of the room , rising to the open air above .
tr	NN	On Saturday , Caroline and I had pizza and watched last week 's American Voice on my DVR .
tr	NNS	Looking for evidence that I 'm being drugged and dropped off in Central Park at night , I replied mentally .
tr	NN	As all the men got up , they were given the jar and they danced .
tr	NN	But the drawing couldn 't truly be called a sketch , either .
tr	NN	He dug the toe of his shoe into a small pile of sand , refusing to look up at me .
tr	NN	It raised his respect further .
tr	NN	He should meet his success with composure .
tr	NNS	" You have welts on your wrist .
tr	NNS	Thick rugs softened the stone floors .
tr	NN	My eyes glimpse the extent of the damage stretching father than I can force myself to see in this moment .
tr	NNS	You will not need such arguments . '
tr	NN	He pulled her closer , his arm wrapping around her back so she was touching him from knee to chest .
tr	NN	She picked up the glass jar .
tr	NN	" The people in this area must have sought the protection of the stones every night .
tr	NN	" Ye a believer ? "
tr	NNS	Andrew had likely come off his drugs to sleep .
tr	NNS	The man had so many layers , so many facets to his personality .
tr	NN	Three pairs of eyes questioned my sanity .
tr	NN	She felt her heart stop , start , then flutter like a trapped butterfly .
tr	NN	Hank screamed down his communicator .
tr	NN	" And after you 're done washing yourself , I will give you a shave and find you something to eat . "
tr	NN	I didn 't even know that version of you .
tr	NN	I got the impression this was a closely guarded secret .
tr	NNS	" So where did you find the remains ? "
tr	NNS	She could feel the hardness at the juncture of his thighs .
tr	NNS	" You mean twins . "
tr	NNS	But I can damn well improve the squeaky conditions . "
tr	NNS	The wind blew the dried grasses in the cemetery .
tr	NN	As they reached the common room , they heard a ghostly moan .
tr	NNS	" The Cullens have at least four bikes between the two of them , maybe more .
tr	NN	He blew a grey twisted horn resonating dull in the breaking of the evening .
tr	NNS	Malik confirmed my suspicions when his frozen face thawed and he moved to stand in front of me .
tr	NN	" You 'll need all your ingenuity to persuade it to eat . "
tr	NNS	A chart of some kind , containing frequency figures .
tr	NNS	From the corner he heard little mewling noises , the barn cat nursing her kittens .
tr	NNS	One whole wall of the main room held shelves of books .
tr	NNS	Neither of us wanted sandwiches again .
tr	NNS	" I prefer surprises . "
tr	NNS	As we approached , they neutralized the defenses long enough for us to enter .
tr	NN	He was also wearing his uniform .
tr	NNS	Was she having contractions ?
tr	NNS	Then we are sliding our trays on a table .
tr	NN	" Maybe a bat ? "
tr	NNS	He ran his thumbs over my tender area .
tr	NN	I was given the task to speak to the people .
tr	NN	If nothing else , maybe we can find some grasses or game for food . "
tr	NN	She lowered her magazine and watched as Jack 's expression changed .
tr	NN	The reign of Augustus initiated an era of relative peace known as the Pax Romana ( The Roman Peace ) .
tr	NN	" If they want a toilet put in the middle of the casino floor , I 'll put out a rocket to the architects . "
tr	NN	My efforts at being diplomatic had at least a small effect and the tension between the two visibly lessened .
tr	NNS	After it 's activated , it will release signals into the ground , where hopefully , will reach us and we will be able to read them .
tr	NN	He set down his briefcase and approached the desk .
tr	NNS	He transformed the caress from quick and desperate to slow and passionate and felt the girl melting into him .
tr	NN	I gave him the same treatment .
tr	NN	Instead of answering , he sets down his champagne flute and picks up a glass container and pours some scented oil onto his hands .
tr	NN	As if I needed any more proof despite the scripted lines and all .
tr	NNS	" I mean , she 's been giving Brandon rides to school since Brandon 's Buick broke .
tr	NN	I instantly crank up my humor , trying to shut down my thoughts of London as I blink up at Lila .
tr	NN	Composed , he began his descent , accompanied by the general and the soldiers .
tr	NN	Vivienne most likely sensed my agitation over the news , because she quickly changed the subject .
tr	NNS	Then she switched frequencies .
tr	NN	He let out a groan .
tr	NNS	He flicked his reins back , cracking his gelding on the rump , and they were off after her .
tr	NN	" And drugs , " I added , fists clench .
tr	NNS	I could hear the attackers shattering the windshield with bullets before speeding off into the night .
tr	NNS	They treat rural areas as a kind of training area .
tr	NNS	The fluttering butterflies in my stomach are doing flip flops .
tr	NN	Lacey caught a glimpse of me , and before I could speak , she reached out , grabbed Ethan by the lapels ... and kissed him fiercely .
tr	NN	And clearly , the dress made an impression on your man . "
tr	NN	Krauss , the preacher and the girl join the stampede .
tr	NNS	Maris batted her long eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	Very honorable folks . "
tr	NN	Could Elliott have survived that blast ?
tr	NNS	I gathered the fallen items and faced him directly .
tr	NNS	* * * The grin Darren wore when he opened the front door confirmed Danni 's suspicions .
tr	NN	" Is this a welcoming committee , or are you intending to kill me ? "
tr	NNS	" I 'm not picking up any evil vibes , what about you two ? "
tr	NNS	This time it felt less awkward to Nell .
tr	NN	Nick passed a sullen glare to Caleb .
tr	NN	I tossed my towel in the laundry basket and headed to the bed , sitting on the edge next to him .
tr	NN	He slowly placed the towel over my mouth , cursing in some foreign language and then there was nothing .
tr	NNS	Jeff stood several yards away , well outside of hearing range .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers back and patted the bed .
tr	NNS	She was wearing a light to medium olive green and tan sheer sundress with tan trim and a few black highlights .
tr	NN	He fetched a basket of apples and carried it over toward the loitering soldiers .
tr	NNS	Two hundred ninety two thousand five hundred dollars .
tr	NN	Jonas gave the others a long , slow , reprimanding glare .
tr	NN	No other robot has so much as requested free status , let alone been granted it .
tr	NN	The phone in the house he had shared with Sarah had caller ID so it was possible his ex-wife was refusing to speak with him .
tr	NNS	I 'm not making excuses for him , but he didn 't seem like the violent type .
tr	NN	In her other life , Rue would have walked a block to avoid David .
tr	NN	I only found the scroll in the center of the room . "
tr	NNS	I do not like hospitals .
tr	NNS	and " give me some drugs ! "
tr	NNS	Vinny added all the data she had collected onto the timeline .
tr	NNS	Reacher Gilt laughed hugely .
tr	NNS	I guessed their numbers to be hundreds .
tr	NN	Dayan had learned patience hundreds of years earlier , the patience of the leopard on the hunt , the patience of the ocean wearing away the rocks .
tr	NNS	I don 't know the specifics at this time .
tr	NN	Fifteen The moonlight bathed the small bedchamber in a pool of soft silver .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps he grants only reasonable requests . "
tr	NNS	He has had issues with Aleister as well .
tr	NNS	" I know them , crazy sons of bitches .
tr	NNS	The younger boy paced up and down the tracks like a nervous bird .
tr	NN	I took the napkin from him and was about to grab it when I burst out laughing and had to slap my knee .
tr	NNS	Cut the ties ! "
tr	NNS	Liz turned the hot dogs over and pondered .
tr	NN	You can 't sell your dorm after you 're done with school .
tr	NNS	" We all have issues . "
tr	NNS	I heard muffled noises , a commotion outside the giant metal slabs ; the security doors to the laboratory .
tr	NN	I hear a yell behind me , but I don 't turn .
tr	NNS	You lack the necessary powers to deal with these kinds of adversaries . "
tr	NN	He did have this effect on women .
tr	NN	He took a few steps nearer .
tr	NNS	" I rarely pull down the covers .
tr	NN	My hands caressed perfect abs and sculpted pecs in the process .
tr	NNS	We control their currents and weather .
tr	NNS	" Cut the engines !
tr	NNS	They piled their new finds in with the rest .
tr	NN	Surely Seth had commanded the giant puppet not to heed any orders from her to return .
tr	NNS	Leopold has designs for these lands and I fear none of us will prosper by the likes of him . "
tr	NN	She wears a white gown with jewels , her blond hair braided around her head and decorated with flowers .
tr	NN	God , he 'd fought that dragon .
tr	NN	The two of them left the diner , Kelsey once again babbling as they walked side by side toward the school .
tr	NNS	If there are dead , my friend , we should get their cards for the poor . "
tr	NN	Instead she looked over each platter and inhaled deeply .
tr	NNS	She spotted the smal brass octopus above the door and could not quite prevent a lurch of apprehension .
tr	NN	' Oh I do beg your pardon . '
tr	NN	My mother used my talent to impress dates or Nix .
tr	NN	I hadn 't even bought candy for them this year .
tr	NN	From an undisclosed location , she contacted her lawyer .
tr	NN	Maybe if my hands could shoot fire , maybe they could burn the rope ; and the handcuffs .
tr	NN	As his fingers teased my skin , his blood satiated my thirst .
tr	NN	I followed this veteran 's example as he walked towards the front line in a crouched position .
tr	NN	She has raised only one cub to adulthood and has endured watching all of her others perish .
tr	NN	It took all her willpower not to crawl back in bed with him .
tr	NNS	Still , I wasn 't taking any chances ; I planned to erect a force field at the proper time .
tr	NN	I started my descent again , vainly trying to remember what my airspeed was supposed to be as I approached the runway .
tr	NNS	He laid his bandaged palms on her h * ps and drew her closer .
tr	NNS	Had Viktor had sight , he would have seen the dead weeds and the dried water well of a courtyard that was once a beautiful garden .
tr	NNS	Then he snatched buckets and boxes and stacked them on top of each other so he could get to the hole he came in through .
tr	NN	It fit his personality .
tr	NN	Nigel spluttered a mouthful of Madge 's Ham and Cheese Surprise .
tr	NN	" Begging your pardon , but Sarah and her mother are here . "
tr	NNS	" Call the presses and let 's have a party ! "
tr	NN	I set my bagel to the side .
tr	NNS	I flashed my fangs at her .
tr	NN	The circles under his eyes indicate exhaustion .
tr	NNS	You can have a thousand dates if you want !
tr	NNS	As much as she tried to escape , closing her eyes only brought back visions of Marcus ' angry face , calling her a whore .
tr	NNS	He had a good four inches on Ethan .
tr	NN	" Thank god ! "
tr	NN	Mary gathered what little self-control she had left and turned to him with a heavy heart .
tr	NN	" I 've learned my lesson , thanks .
tr	NNS	She placed her palms on the glass .
tr	NN	" We do not want the innkeeper or her husband to come into the room .
tr	NN	Worse , fleas leapt off the comb onto me instead of back onto him .
tr	NNS	Why destroy entire planets ?
tr	NN	Jason owes me a favor .
tr	NNS	Roast beef sandwiches , salad , strawberries , and champagne .
tr	NN	A racking cough halted her speech .
tr	NNS	Smash beer cans against our foreheads ?
tr	NN	Daddy took a big mouthful of potatoes au gratin .
tr	NN	I loved the banter we 'd always had .
tr	NNS	Frustrated , Carmine grabbed the brown wires again and held his breath as he touched them to the others .
tr	NNS	Drew really hated politics and lawyers .
tr	NN	The feds raided the Hartman castle today and took Dad away in cuffs .
tr	NN	Then beneath the butterfly .
tr	NNS	And that he was calling the shots .
tr	NN	She picked up a mixed bouquet -- the type they keep standing in buckets by the door for executives to buy for their wives .
tr	NN	He could apply a quick , sudden pressure equivalent to a forceful shove but it couldn 't be sustained for more than a couple of seconds .
tr	NN	I want every detail .
tr	NNS	I pushed the covers off .
tr	NN	We were nearing the location of the thing I saw , and there were bones scattered all over the place .
tr	NNS	Dane had his doubts about the big Russian and wanted to keep his eye on him .
tr	NNS	CHAPTER FIVE The thunderous disturbance created multiple reactions throughout the crowd .
tr	NN	Instead he 'd extended forgiveness and mercy as evident by the fact that most of her vital organs had been protected .
tr	NN	" You have good observation .
tr	NN	You 've no further obligation to her . "
tr	NNS	Allan had no such fears .
tr	NN	And she said a little prayer .
tr	NNS	We only have six servants , and it 's impossible not to regard them rather as dependents . "
tr	NN	She couldn 't imagine the psychological torment of knowing one 's body was used to harm others .
tr	NN	The tears I have been holding back flow .
tr	NN	' We 've made a public broadcast showing him being arrested for stealing from his neighbours .
tr	NN	" Why would you make such a trade ? "
tr	NNS	Those left standing got some plastic chairs .
tr	NN	And besides that , she didn 't join up ' til you were back here with Kat .
tr	NN	He popped the trunk and put the shovel inside along with the gun .
tr	NN	It had the same crippling effect on the rest .
tr	NNS	Anyway , why are you doing chores on your birthday ? "
tr	NN	" Dawson , " she murmured , her eyes narrowing .
tr	NNS	" ... doesn 't like certain noises . "
tr	NN	So I took the marker and wrote : To my fan , Marsha .
tr	NN	" Nah , don 't have the talent .
tr	NN	Emily kept the bird next to her chest and rocked gently back and forth .
tr	NNS	And you can do tricks . "
tr	NN	' You use electricity to sort by ion in an electric field . '
tr	NNS	" But you 'll have more chances to see Detective Christianson . "
tr	NN	Across the road Elian spied a Northern delicacy -- lean pork wrapped in a blanket of dough .
tr	NNS	She felt a groggy heaviness , like her body was being weighed down by an anchor .
tr	NNS	Of course , he used Thomas 's stores , and ate enough himself for three men .
tr	NNS	" Charitable donations ? "
tr	NN	If Peter had been a more regular traveller on the London Underground he would have realised the impossibility of this .
tr	NNS	Better change these batteries before they die Vic .
tr	NN	She stuck the sugary treat in her mouth and chewed on it , smiling .
tr	NNS	This beast emptied the waters so that there remained nothing alive therein .
tr	NNS	But I 'd made things awkward by flinching away .
tr	NN	I sipped hot chocolate and watched the river slide by the window , the water thicker than the chocolate but not as sweet .
tr	NN	Domenico repressed a shudder when Misty 's teeth nipped his neck .
tr	NNS	After the first year of Jeannie , Gene Nelson had other offers and decided to leave the show .
tr	NNS	Read the ﬁrst few pages , then report back to me . "
tr	NN	I just got a deadline of tomorrow or no book .
tr	NNS	' And they 've all got guitars !
tr	NNS	The design complemented its natural surroundings and simultaneously captured the essence of modernity and ultra style .
tr	NNS	They divided up assignments .
tr	NN	The Canadians retook their trench .
tr	NNS	He took down our phone numbers and addresses , then told us we could leave .
tr	NNS	She panted out the breaths as she 'd been taught , while her mother joined her .
tr	NN	" I 'll leave you , little witch . "
tr	NNS	" The creature left fragments of itself beneath the skin .
tr	NN	Chills spread down her spine .
tr	NN	The woman enters the bungalow and goes to the living room .
tr	NN	I took my very own red Pete 's t-shirt and I changed in the bathroom .
tr	NNS	" Anna , you and Andrew can put up the hearts .
tr	NN	She rinsed the sponge out and I could feel Dad staring intently at me .
tr	NN	We descended the hill rapidly and perched at the corner of where the fences joined .
tr	NNS	After less than a year at the business , Sibyl had twenty-six regular clients , a few who had bi-weekly consultations .
tr	NN	Honestly , I 've never liked the bloke all that much , but let 's keep that a secret between us , yeah ? "
tr	NN	She had studied geography for one semester , so that made her an expert on all the different cultures of the world , especially mine .
tr	NN	" She doesn 't really wear jewelry , and she hates gaudy looking things .
tr	NN	Claudette had assigned the housekeeping assistant as Camille 's attendant .
tr	NN	Those eyes held her pinned .
tr	NN	I muttered a prayer for her , hoping to God that she was all right .
tr	NNS	An hour later , I 'm sending silent prayers of thanks to whatever god is listening .
tr	NN	His eyes revealed only mild humor , not the anger I was hoping my comment would inspire .
tr	NNS	Most don 't have powers .
tr	NNS	Outside events passed dimly around her , like an ocean that only slightly bobbed a person out deep in the swell s .
tr	NN	Or should I just throw caution to the wind ?
tr	NNS	I was wearing three layers , including a tank top , my favorite silver sweater , and an orange fleece vest .
tr	NN	Madison intently studied the collection of screens .
tr	NNS	He got the briefs off and one knee between her legs .
tr	NN	The top shelf had men 's shampoo and conditioner , aftershave , deodorant , razor , shaving foam , shower gel .
tr	NN	Janie got the impression that Andrea spoke in code , and what she really meant was : Screw off .
tr	NNS	I don 't mind burned steaks .
tr	NNS	" That 's enough soldier , I don 't want excuses . "
tr	NNS	Baby boomers love their pets and are willing to spend hundreds of dollars to throw them birthday parties . "
tr	NN	Why , for the life of me , did his remark fire up the electricity was beyond me .
tr	NN	Rachel felt Nate stiffen .
tr	NN	Pia felt her heart squeeze .
tr	NN	I still picture the dragon shimmering with watercolor blues , just like in that book .
tr	NN	Emily carefully dropped her backpack to the wood floor .
tr	NN	' See , ' said the Sea .
tr	NNS	We 've sent tissue samples to UC Davis and are investigating with the Academy of Sciences . "
tr	NN	" I would very much appreciate your escort to the Derby , my lord . "
tr	NN	In order for her to marry your father , she made a pact that she cannot break and I cannot help her .
tr	NNS	But if children are given a push in the right direction and support at the right time they can achieve miracles . "
tr	NNS	As a High Demon , no warlock or wizard could hurl spells that might harm him .
tr	NN	" My great-grandparents started a trust fund for me , before they died , but I 'm giving the money to my dad for Bo .
tr	NN	You have basically engineered a promotion for ending a boy 's life .
tr	NNS	" Dad showed me all sorts of things . "
tr	NNS	" What are we having , Your Lordship ? "
tr	NN	Oh my god , what if he plays with eleven letter tiles , and they 're wide ones ? "
tr	NNS	" Be careful what you offer , sweet Savannah .
tr	NN	We propose a merger of all factions , including the church .
tr	NN	The tight line of her normally lush mouth betrayed her distaste for the agency .
tr	NNS	Do you understand the possible dangers of accompanying me ?
tr	NNS	We suffer those witches to live because now and then they can cure .
tr	NNS	Naturally , the renaissance in human resource will necessitate top level changes .
tr	NN	Red , the guy that tased you , heads up my detail .
tr	NN	I stand up begrudgingly and face him .
tr	NNS	* * * Each evening , after Hades and I finished our judgments , I visited Adonis .
tr	NNS	With shaky hands , she pushed the covers down to her thighs , revealing the T-shirt that was bunched up around her rib cage .
tr	NN	Then , he built that small fortune into a larger one , and finally one so large that he was one of the wealthiest people on Earth .
tr	NNS	They grunted agreements around their food .
tr	NNS	He rolled up balls , but once his arms left her , she was grabbing snow turning them into balls and pelting them over the wall .
tr	NNS	Levi handed the reins to her , and showed her again how she would guide the horse .
tr	NNS	There were confused murmurs .
tr	NN	And he 'd have his revenge .
tr	NNS	We 'll need provisions for a battalion if Brandon 's going to be here .
tr	NN	Norma Jean was holding a champagne flute and the bubbly liquid inside it sloshed around as she laughed .
tr	NNS	The man took a few quick breaths .
tr	NN	" I need a favor . "
tr	NNS	Olivia walked the few blocks from the bar to her office in her own little world .
tr	NNS	I love provisions , especially free ones . "
tr	NN	" I turned my hair purple . "
tr	NN	He swabbed a patch of skin and took the sample , talking all the while in low undertones , reassuring , comforting and giving hope .
tr	NNS	" It enhanced your natural abilities and made you a better hunter , didn 't it ? "
tr	NN	Brooke tightened her pointed glare .
tr	NNS	To everyone 's surprise , including her doctor 's , Summer hadn 't delivered the twins yet .
tr	NNS	She hated the bees .
tr	NN	Vac took the pen out of his mouth and laid it on his desk .
tr	NN	Marcus felt his stomach knot .
tr	NNS	He and the other men tap their biscuits on the table , and worms and weevils falls out of some of 'em .
tr	NNS	Not because she liked those items but because he 'd gone to so much trouble for her .
tr	NN	I felt a hot tear leak out , burning as it slipped down my cheek .
tr	NNS	She could feel the numbness that was surrounding her .
tr	NN	The echoing silence and shadowy atmosphere gave me the urge to tread lightly and whisper .
tr	NNS	We 've suffered heavy losses .
tr	NN	She has a petite frame .
tr	NNS	" All you have to do is scoop out the messes and then we 'll come in and lay fresh straw . "
tr	NNS	" Give me ten bucks . "
tr	NNS	He cut the intestines out delicately , measuring and inspecting , taking small samples , placing the organs in jars of spirits .
tr	NNS	These dark wizards are casting spells that have not been cast for several thousand years .
tr	NN	Iona browsed another niche and found an egg decorated with jewels and gold filigree set in a delicate gold holder .
tr	NN	He set the cake down and pulled me in for a hug .
tr	NNS	I navigate the corridors alone , trying not to attract attention .
tr	NN	" Did he have the operation ? "
tr	NNS	He took his talents and ran .
tr	NNS	" Because I just spent the last few weeks doing all sorts of wedding planning with Nikki , and that means I have lots of ideas . "
tr	NN	In that instant , Godwin saw the folly of it .
tr	NN	I also wasn 't forgetting my recent encounter with the giant , flying walnut .
tr	NN	I feel a pinch at the back of my throat .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , exhaustion overcame grief quickly , and her breathing became slow and even .
tr	NN	After looking over each item , he took the antiseptic and regarded her with some diffidence .
tr	NNS	I know my rights . "
tr	NNS	Pansy had no such inhibitions .
tr	NNS	" They 're all wearing the same necklaces .
tr	NN	Vin pulled out her dagger , then yanked his pouch free .
tr	NNS	In her mind she saw two fluffy white clouds , with a man on the left cloud and a woman on the right .
tr	NN	But they 'd made a tactical error by blowing the bridge , and the difficultly in crossing the stream went both ways .
tr	NNS	They found large cans of Kerosene and poured it all over the zombies .
tr	NNS	I placed my thumbs under his armpits and dug in , and Trenton instantly jumped back .
tr	NN	" Yes , with a touch of gold braiding upon the bodice and sleeves , " Simone replied absently , her pencil still moving over the sketchpad .
tr	NNS	Mr. Dean shuffled the flash cards before drawing the first one , and everyone was seated at their chairs to get the game started .
tr	NN	A ring on her right hand featured the same design .
tr	NNS	Cori counted out some cards from her pack .
tr	NN	They were crossing a communication wire .
tr	NN	She shook her head viciously , hair he 'd fisted only moments ago now hanging in tangles .
tr	NNS	Those words , after all , could justify our actions , but he said nothing , not even after he finished .
tr	NNS	" We don 't use condoms anymore .
tr	NNS	Undeterred , he fired several shots .
tr	NN	Tim stumbled down the stairwell .
tr	NN	She sent them a glare , and the woman winked at her .
tr	NNS	Sebastian may have called the shots in the bedroom , but he certainly never left me feeling neglected .
tr	NNS	How else could he cover the red stains on his suit jacket ?
tr	NN	The fat man lost all patience : " Jesus Christ ! "
tr	NN	Scratched dresser and desk .
tr	NN	Leon politely dismissed the pilot .
tr	NN	She let her snort of disbelief roll free and reveled in being the one to surprise him for a change .
tr	NNS	Like I just didn 't have the capabilities of dealing with my everyday tasks .
tr	NN	When she saw Miranda ignoring her , Joan amped up her blind persona .
tr	NN	I don 't even like jewelry but those are seriously nice necklaces . "
tr	NNS	" Did you find similar marks on the second victim ? "
tr	NNS	Some of them have big mouths .
tr	NNS	It took several blinks before they returned to normal .
tr	NN	- My robots do not represent infinite protection , but such radical terrorist attempts are I unlikely in the extreme here on Aurora .
tr	NNS	She 'd liked cats .
tr	NN	I took the pen Sir Reginald offered me but before I could sign he spoke again .
tr	NN	He 'd control ed every aspect of it , every creeper to trip you , every tree to fal in front of your car .
tr	NN	" You shower first , I 'll start packing . "
tr	NN	The big man grabbed the dead boar by the scruff of its neck and dragged it close with one hand .
tr	NNS	I wrack my brains to put a name to the item that this taste reminds me of .
tr	NN	" I always used a condom with Jolene , though , if that 's what 's worrying you . "
tr	NN	" You 're supposed to be thankful " When my hand got closer , she let out her now familiar low growl .
tr	NNS	Then , Rann pulls the reins backwards on Apollo near the flower bed of pink and white flowers .
tr	NN	But she wouldn 't have neglected some element I might find necessary for my protection .
tr	NN	You 'll be given a uniform so you 'll have to come in and be measured .
tr	NN	I already wore the gold medal around my neck that identified my name and position and marked me as a member of Cadogan House .
tr	NNS	He assembled his armies to cross the Sea of the Winds and do war .
tr	NN	Taking the card from the vase , I snuck a peek as Ryan took his seat across from me .
tr	NNS	Norman 's flashlight showed a few artifacts .
tr	NN	He carefully watched the tiny countenance .
tr	NN	" ' I have a warrant for your arrest , Goody Wentworth , and you must come with me . '
tr	NNS	" In here , I 've put some food stores , just in case you get hungry .
tr	NNS	They passed the two bends .
tr	NNS	Besides I 've learned my lesson on that one , I have ear plugs .
tr	NN	" I 'm not doing a survey or anything . "
tr	NN	His older brother knew the punishment for this act -- imprisonment .
tr	NN	I held up the cloth and my mouth opened in shock as it unravelled in heavy layers .
tr	NN	He clawed a handful of Frodo 's shirt and looked like he might be able to hold on .
tr	NN	Staring at the screen , I fought the urge to flip the phone open .
tr	NN	I have reviewed your proposal , and I like it , but there are some details that need to be updated by his department .
tr	NNS	" We 've secured the corridors , but the airlock has been breached .
tr	NN	You can know everyone else 's fortune but not your own . "
tr	NNS	In the blackness before my eyes I saw colored balls .
tr	NNS	Shortly after the sun sets , the stranger 's breathing changes .
tr	NNS	" Support the raids ? "
tr	NN	" Even when she was pregnant with me , she was snorting cocaine .
tr	NN	" Did you cause that earthquake , or this storm ? "
tr	NN	I hit a snag . "
tr	NNS	" We 're sitting ducks here .
tr	NN	Next week I 'm working a fund-raiser at this burn rehab place .
tr	NN	Perhaps he had just been sniffing dead fish .
tr	NNS	None of the women he had ever been with had shown any inhibitions about having sex with him .
tr	NNS	Gentlemen , you have started your engines . "
tr	NNS	We called our moms to meet up with us .
tr	NN	Helen , gracious enough to help , was right now having a meltdown by the creek that required Holiday 's help .
tr	NNS	He was hurriedly tearing pages from a book called Gulliver 's Travels .
tr	NN	" Now that one I can 't lay claim to .
tr	NN	I felt a tearing sensation in my vocal cords , but still I made no sound .
tr	NN	She had that exotic quality to her with tawny , glowing skin , full lips and dazzling green eyes .
tr	NNS	Sharon slipped a few bucks into the bartender 's tip jar and winked .
tr	NN	" I obviously gave you too much credit .
tr	NN	Regardless of how that impacted his access to her , he should support such a brave endeavor .
tr	NNS	I haven 't secured many donations , besides ; you did all the work tonight . "
tr	NNS	If her brother is involved you 're putting yourselves in the direct line of fire . "
tr	NN	You mean the pirate who kidnapped you ? "
tr	NN	" You said no special treatment so I gave him the best fight he could have asked .
tr	NN	Once or twice my foot hit the horn and I thought , Surely someone will hear .
tr	NNS	Lauren had been so preoccupied with her own problems she hadn 't noticed the changes in the other woman .
tr	NN	I got the usual zing going through me when he touched me .
tr	NN	I then wrapped another towel around my hair and pulled on the new pajamas .
tr	NN	I almost lost a nephew that way .
tr	NN	He was losing not only his sanity but also his heart .
tr	NNS	Thick red rugs spread out like pools under antique tables .
tr	NNS	With a clang , Warrior drops the cables , stands and lifts her head .
tr	NNS	" About us making these visions our future whether they 're meant to be or not ? "
tr	NNS	He carved his palms over her arched spine and to her ass , tiny and taut .
tr	NNS	But why did he keep the coins in a bucket , locked safely away ?
tr	NN	" Side effect of The Program ? "
tr	NNS	If you come around he can keep tabs on Snowball .
tr	NNS	" I hate the lies , Dreamer . "
tr	NNS	His father had a few pairs of shoes inside his closet that were quite expensive .
tr	NN	That wouldn 't change her fate , but it did lessen Lysander 's burden .
tr	NNS	Two of the round objects that made up the rings would trade positions whenever they stopped .
tr	NNS	Look , it 's still got bits of pith and stuff on it ! '
tr	NN	I kissed his knuckles and looked up at him .
tr	NNS	I never had any sisters . "
tr	NNS	Dana and Matt took chairs opposite Leslie 's desk .
tr	NN	Either that or her face just had a natural scowl that told all that she was hard to do business with .
tr	NNS	" I 'd still take the dozen roses . "
tr	NNS	Amy quickly ordered four club sandwiches with fries and handed the menus back to the waitress .
tr	NNS	" What " I said still dazed and looking at that beautiful mouth which had just lit some major fires in me .
tr	NN	I 've got this vat of wine that I 'm sure you 'd be delighted to see . "
tr	NNS	But first he checked his sensors .
tr	NN	Kate clicked her pen , clearly ready to work .
tr	NN	Use your height and your size to your advantage .
tr	NNS	After a moment with no progress , he put the compass back into his pocket .
tr	NN	" Claire and David just left the reception for their honeymoon . "
tr	NN	Summer replaced the receiver and lay back on the bed .
tr	NN	John approached the left staircase and looked down into its dark interior .
tr	NNS	Of course her sister battled ghosts .
tr	NNS	" You mean victims . "
tr	NNS	I mentioned in my last letter the fears I entertained of a mutiny .
tr	NN	I felt my lip quiver and quickly bit it to still the motion .
tr	NN	She threw her napkin on the table and stood , fighting back the emotion with deep breaths and avoiding eye contact .
tr	NNS	While I do not think I have been overly explicit with the sexual and violent content , this book does contain adult themes .
tr	NNS	The men exchanged business cards and looked satisfied at the women , having taken care of business matters first .
tr	NN	She gave him a whack on the arm , but considering how solid his biceps were , she didn 't think he felt much of anything .
tr	NN	The wood floor looks slick with blood , but it 's just soaked with rainwater from the storm .
tr	NN	" He paid his debt to society and they set him free . "
tr	NN	He could see the valley below them , opening out .
tr	NN	No doubt they would charge a hefty fee for doing so .
tr	NN	He couldn 't stop the low moan of pleasure that escaped him as he leaned over her , embracing her against him .
tr	NNS	I scramble off the tiles , out the door , and across the hall to his room .
tr	NN	He left the shed and crossed the barbed wire fence into the empty field .
tr	NNS	The scissors have long sharp blades , very sharp blades , and fat finger holes .
tr	NNS	Adrien felt the hard stares of his peers .
tr	NNS	" I 've sent the data to you , but I ask that you not read it until I 've left your reach . "
tr	NNS	" The people who deserted this city must have taken all their treasures with them .
tr	NN	I pocketed my chocolate , taking out a piece of paper and a pencil from my pocket .
tr	NN	He wasn 't wearing a condom , and they 'd been trying for another baby .
tr	NN	Pausing , she turned a scowl over her shoulder .
tr	NNS	As soon as Amy entered , the smell of her infected blood calmed my cravings , but I knew it wasn 't enough .
tr	NNS	Lexie takes a more solid form inches from the ground .
tr	NN	I felt a little flutter of excitement in my stomach .
tr	NN	He called the organization he belonged to the Pandemonium Club .
tr	NN	I set the magazine back on the nightstand and checked my phone .
tr	NNS	" I don 't do drugs , Dash . "
tr	NNS	I could see a hundred miniature clouds of breath vapor , and hear their hollering through the glass .
tr	NN	He took the pencil from behind his ear before looking across the table at me .
tr	NN	' I got a fisherman to row me across some way from them . '
tr	NN	" Why doesn 't plastic bother the lesser fey ? "
tr	NNS	To settle my doubts ?
tr	NNS	No man had ever questioned her motives or truthfulness before , not in a relationship and not on the job .
tr	NN	" You have the proof -- you saw and heard the proof when you followed us !
tr	NNS	" You get any responses on those internships ? "
tr	NN	" What proof would they have ? "
tr	NN	He retrieves the rope and compass from my supplies .
tr	NN	Nobby tore off a salute , or what he liked to believe was a salute .
tr	NN	There stood a young General playfully with a young Sunspot , Bastion , and a few other notable heroes .
tr	NN	Dickie held up the cloth containing the coins .
tr	NN	The troll took a swing at the Prince and we both turned .
tr	NNS	He could hear the faint splashes of water underneath the dock .
tr	NN	I didn 't have the patience for this shit .
tr	NNS	The healers had never forgotten their ties to the Lycans and the city of Tidus .
tr	NN	" He was playing the blues , and I was dancing behind the bar . "
tr	NN	Kurt checked the clock over the microwave and leaped to his feet , cursing .
tr	NN	She took the candle out of Toni 's hand and looked at it with suspicion , and then looked up into Willy 's eyes .
tr	NNS	They called some private detectives who came over to my jewelry store to investigate and they called Angelina 's school this afternoon . "
tr	NN	Her dad owns the dealership .
tr	NN	The wolves started digging at the sides and the back of the trunk .
tr	NNS	It mentioned three criminals who 'd threatened witnesses with payback , and who 've finished gaol terms and been released .
tr	NNS	They moved the mushrooms .
tr	NN	" Hold it a sec , let me get out and take one of you going over a pothole . "
tr	NN	Evander fought back the choking sensation slowly building within him .
tr	NN	DeWitt makes an inspiring but content free speech .
tr	NN	My butt sees more bench than game time . "
tr	NN	" You had just rescued your new mate from the gaping jaws of death , " he reminded his chief .
tr	NNS	Which made them excellent and easy targets to pick off , had anyone in the woods chosen to do so .
tr	NN	The locker room 's showers keep the air humid ; I can almost feel the warm water on my shoulders .
tr	NN	He replaced the receiver and sat there for a long moment .
tr	NNS	But as soon as he turned on the light , Core jumped backwards .
tr	NN	Slowly , hoping like hell he wasn 't doing something wrong , he picked up his fork .
tr	NN	" Can you settle this stupid argument for us , grandfather ?
tr	NNS	The phoenix finally rested its talons on her arm .
tr	NNS	Stone that he was sure other people would have adorned their temples , mansions and castles with .
tr	NN	" Tony , stop digging .
tr	NNS	Closing my eyes , I dropped my shields to look into her future .
tr	NNS	" Reece , I have my connections .
tr	NN	I never eat a pizza without it . "
tr	NNS	I love meetings . "
tr	NNS	My mom started clearing dishes , and I flipped absently through the mail .
tr	NN	She put the quilt in its place and went back to her cleaning .
tr	NNS	He didn 't see any dinosaurs .
tr	NNS	After a good ten minutes of jogging , turning down countless corridors and having thoroughly lost myself , I slow to a walk .
tr	NN	He cut off my protest , adding , " Whether it be drinking or covering up these inappropriate activities . "
tr	NN	He gave a little shrug .
tr	NN	He felt the cold instrument on his skin .
tr	NNS	We both had our issues , and two wrongs surely did not make a right .
tr	NN	That night when Moses arrived at Amy 's , she offered him some honey with his tea .
tr	NN	He had tried liquor , yoga , girlfriends ... pretty much anything imaginable on the generic coping methods list .
tr	NNS	" I don 't see any bite marks on your neck . "
tr	NN	In a couple of weeks you 'll get the official registration of your baby .
tr	NNS	' I 'm not sure there is ever a best time for one of those , ' Jack smiled thinly .
tr	NNS	" You made scones ? "
tr	NNS	" Good , " Tom says to himself and then stares at Mack .
tr	NNS	Once we take over , we 'll replace our party members at all leadership positions in government .
tr	NNS	Seizing the drugs and splashing this all over the media would slow down the crew 's operations , but it wouldn 't stop them .
tr	NN	" Before I shove your flute through the hole in your head . "
tr	NNS	He then grabbed the two larger knives and started swinging his hands wildly .
tr	NNS	The makers were dripping perfect drops of dark blood , almost black .
tr	NNS	It spoke volumes of the calibre of the man .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes .
tr	NN	I followed the butler through a long hallway draped in art until we stopped in front of wide dark wood double doors .
tr	NN	And it 's not telling me crap about what I need to know . "
tr	NNS	I heard birds calling and knew it must not be far from morning .
tr	NNS	Lauren inspected the pies , deciding to put chocolate shavings on them when they were cool enough .
tr	NNS	They have several shipping yards throughout the world , so I 'm building my own shipping company .
tr	NN	He deserved my respect and praise .
tr	NN	I liked the privacy that Sea Breeze , Alabama , afforded me .
tr	NN	The mission parameters don 't give a specific location to dump the RTG .
tr	NNS	She could make out Adrien 's quick movements as he blended his flight skills with his battling ability .
tr	NNS	Now I run supplies to the Greeks . "
tr	NN	Tucker studied the helm .
tr	NNS	I still had jokes to make .
tr	NNS	I bared my fangs and sank them deep into his neck .
tr	NN	I beg your forgiveness , Your Holiness , but the sea people think we 're all ugly , because of our smooth faces . "
tr	NN	Owen found the visitor that night eating dinner outside a tiny tent .
tr	NNS	My report will not create any issues with anyone . "
tr	NNS	Discover other titles by Vincent C. Martinez at his official author webpage .
tr	NNS	By the time the dismal gray sky filled with the diffuse , muted rays that signaled sunset , we 'd visited four houses .
tr	NNS	Careful not to shift away from Julia , Elijah studies his surroundings .
tr	NN	I 'd need soap and shampoo if I went through with the notion of cleaning myself up .
tr	NN	I slid the article from Full-Service Restaurant across her desk .
tr	NNS	" Sure , we 'll accept texts . "
tr	NNS	The cavalry we saw wore helmets and armor .
tr	NNS	Two illustrations covered the pages .
tr	NNS	In fact , our conscious mind normally processes only about ten to twenty bits per second unless we push it .
tr	NNS	" Make minimal adjustments to avoid oscillation while you hunt for the source of your trouble .
tr	NN	In the light Isabella saw a faint sheen on his fingers .
tr	NNS	She rocked her pelvis around and around against his hard hand , the pressure building .
tr	NNS	" Just sit those buckets over there and grab a Pepsi out of that cooler there if you want one .
tr	NNS	Cautiously she allowed her senses to spread further .
tr	NNS	I dropped in a few more coins .
tr	NNS	But she had the other photographs .
tr	NNS	These men had overcome the fires of hell together .
tr	NN	He lifted his rifle and blindly shot in the direction of the sound , but it didn 't stop .
tr	NN	The tower had a wide stone balcony winding around its entire exterior , from which the High Lord could look out over his city .
tr	NNS	He and the server gathered dishes , noting the absence of food anywhere to be seen .
tr	NNS	Funny how the memory played tricks .
tr	NN	Time to bake the first batch of the day .
tr	NNS	He , as well as the security chief , were wearing the uniforms of the Kindred 's personnel .
tr	NNS	Bonita holds no other citizens , but Rosa , Dirk , Ann , and me .
tr	NNS	I got some heavy duty pots and pans there too .
tr	NN	He ignored the pesky protest of his conscience .
tr	NNS	The Queen had seven sons , each of whom she loved very much .
tr	NNS	Steve switched directions and marched into the smaller bedroom , not stopping until he reached the queen-size bed .
tr	NNS	Keep your movements to a minimum .
tr	NNS	" Your buddy has insane skills .
tr	NN	I secure the lid on the tub and Gramps and I burst into laughter .
tr	NNS	I could have enjoyed the benefits of marriage for a while , and when I got bored , you 'd have just disappeared .
tr	NN	You will not make a mockery of me .
tr	NN	I have a buyer , out in Sector 12 , and I can 't find the crate . "
tr	NNS	He pulled out mixed coins from his pocket and put some in my hand .
tr	NN	What if Martin Luther King Jr. had tweeted his famous I have a dream speech ?
tr	NN	I do actually retain my full consciousness in this state , as ought to be plain enough to you .
tr	NNS	Later , men told tales of Roman soldiers or the Picts driving us from our island .
tr	NNS	Sunny slowly inputted the numbers , and asked Jen to check that he had put them in right .
tr	NN	But he narrowed down the location .
tr	NN	A short time later , she was enjoying a burger with some fries , and small talk with Ron , the bartender .
tr	NNS	They had just finished the dishes when the men burst back through the door .
tr	NN	Mom repeated the entire pathetic speech to him .
tr	NNS	But I had no doubts . "
tr	NN	He kicked aside a chunk of sludge , trailing behind .
tr	NN	You take great joy in those things , and you should never be ashamed of that .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately there were only scattered pockets of civilians still alive .
tr	NNS	He placed the four coins on the table , saying , " My formidable hunting skills earned me this .
tr	NN	She unthinkingly took the pen he was offering her .
tr	NNS	After dinner , they washed the dishes .
tr	NNS	Only instead of going in for another quick jab , I yanked the knives out a second time and sliced one of the blades across his throat .
tr	NN	Charlotte 's smile dripped venom as she stirred the straw in her milk shake .
tr	NN	I also gave the Asturian Duke a lesson in good manners . '
tr	NNS	A P.I. needs some wheels .
tr	NNS	He held up the inside pages of the Enquirer and laughed .
tr	NN	He serves an amazing pot roast on Sundays . "
tr	NNS	He has no special offensive capabilities showing , as I understand it ? "
tr	NNS	Had he had any offers ?
tr	NNS	Television and newspapers had replaced town meetings and gossip .
tr	NNS	With my legs free he altered positions again , leaning down and wrapping one arm behind my neck , locking us in a lover 's embrace .
tr	NN	We 're having deer steak .
tr	NN	It made a deadly fork of golden lightning through the shadows .
tr	NN	She dropped the curtain and opened the front door .
tr	NN	She picked up the shoe she 'd dropped and put it back into the bag .
tr	NN	We 've got a positive ID .
tr	NNS	I didn 't see any noticeable marks , but with her , you could never tell .
tr	NNS	" But they cost two hundred fifty dollars ! "
tr	NN	He had a full , gray frazzled beard , was dressed in rags , and had a smell about him that nearly brought tears to my eyes .
tr	NN	" He does not want police involvement .
tr	NN	It scares the crap out of me .
tr	NNS	But you know the dangers of the forest , right ?
tr	NN	It involved only one small branch of the FRU that has been shut down , and charges were brought against a lot of people .
tr	NN	" Put the condom on me , Nicola . "
tr	NN	He takes pity on me .
tr	NN	Does everyone understand our new ruling ? "
tr	NN	He opens the refrigerator , still laughing .
tr	NNS	Gracie grabbed their cups and headed to the sink with them .
tr	NN	Everyone had a talent , and ending lives was his .
tr	NNS	Then , of course , he showed the scratches on his face .
tr	NNS	I saw ... ahhh , many frames of parallel films .
tr	NNS	Then I saw several long tubes crawling on the dome .
tr	NN	But didn 't she deserve a little attitude after everything that had happened ?
tr	NNS	We 've told them they 'll lose their EBT cards , Medicaid , Medicare , all the scare lines , no sale .
tr	NNS	I will miss those evil crunchy cheese bits , even if my wife objected to my eating them .
tr	NNS	The pose showed off his well-defined biceps to perfection .
tr	NNS	" So you draw robots to you as well ? "
tr	NNS	Kellen returned three shots of her own before standing up from cover .
tr	NNS	" I ran the numbers .
tr	NN	Of course Hades wanted his helm back .
tr	NN	" Take a sedative .
tr	NN	You 'll get no argument from me . "
tr	NN	" I won 't hate it , " he lifted the tape carefully as to not rip the wrapping paper .
tr	NN	I flicked a stray strand of unruly hair out of my eyes as I considered my answer .
tr	NNS	Dominique had got directions from Frances and knew where to find fresh meat and fish , good bread and cheese , chocolate and cakes .
tr	NN	She can feel the brittle nails digging into her skin .
tr	NNS	He and his team were given base assignments for a short time and then were allowed to disappear .
tr	NN	He tossed the pen on the stack of papers he 'd been studying and wondered if he 'd ever find a relationship like Jace and Caroline 's .
tr	NN	Every day she pulled more and more loyalty from the other kingdoms to her side .
tr	NN	It suggested commercial expansion .
tr	NNS	Nearly losing consciousness from the assault , Rift regains his senses in time to see the massive chunk of stone the hero has just launched at him .
tr	NNS	She turned a few more pages to another favorite passage .
tr	NN	" She wants revenge .
tr	NN	He brushes a strand of hair from my face .
tr	NNS	Both options had their good points .
tr	NNS	Minutes later , I 'm driving a few blocks to a branch of Jacksonville Savings .
tr	NN	He had great respect for Marika , but she had some streaks of stubbornness equal to his own .
tr	NNS	We will always be fighting the witches until the shadow war can finally end . '
tr	NN	He takes another swing at me , but I dodge it before bashing the butt of my ARX against his jaw .
tr	NNS	" I will take his sons back to the human world . "
tr	NNS	Ruben returned an enthusiastic thumbs up .
tr	NNS	His mother had loved her jackass of a husband despite his repeated infidelities .
tr	NN	" The break has an historical aspect .
tr	NN	Any more error . '
tr	NNS	" Crazy man , I meant just a few layers .
tr	NN	Where 'd you put my swimsuit ? "
tr	NNS	In the low light , he saw the raised basketball hoops , the court covered in cots .
tr	NNS	The smell of fresh bread , cheese , and sauces overwhelmed my senses .
tr	NN	And after hearing his story , she couldn 't have ignored the pity she felt .
tr	NN	' And I have no objection to any family spending time together , anywhere . '
tr	NN	He slung the backpack on his shoulder .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any condoms , Jane .
tr	NN	She bit his nipple and he groaned .
tr	NNS	Wreck my chances ? '
tr	NNS	Laughing , Nora flicked the reins and turned her buggy around in the barnyard .
tr	NNS	" I don 't know your capabilities . "
tr	NNS	How many beers had she had , only one , right ?
tr	NNS	The boys had bits of armor we 'd lifted , but nothing fit me right , so I were girded in heavy leathers .
tr	NN	But I held the shaft , guiding it into her open mouth .
tr	NNS	An army of software engineers would flutter around the hallways of campus in the hours before some seven-foot NBA player flew in for motion-capture .
tr	NN	I swore revenge . "
tr	NN	He gives me a gentle shove and I stumble out the door .
tr	NNS	I took a few classes on Catholicism in seminary .
tr	NNS	On top of that , this old mansion had some very modern renovations .
tr	NNS	At that time , philosophy comprised all areas of speculative thought and included not only the arts , but sciences and religion as well .
tr	NN	Our Dark cousins will not send another assassin until the community becomes complacent again .
tr	NNS	Screaming silences and all .
tr	NNS	" I 'll have nightmares or something . "
tr	NN	With ease he clambered over a spiked , metal partition and set his sights on the high , terraced building ahead .
tr	NNS	" I think my feet might be broken , " Kristina told her sisters with a grimace .
tr	NN	Although the basics are provided , many of them must learn a trade to live a decent life .
tr	NN	He could smell her arousal , feel the need for satisfaction tearing through her as it was tearing through him .
tr	NNS	Master your talents , understand the duty that has been placed upon you ... and keep others from suffering as you have . "
tr	NN	Her gaze climbed the hill .
tr	NN	" Order us some drinks while we get cleaned up , " Buzz told the bartender .
tr	NN	A shudder raced down Janelle 's spine as she stiffened .
tr	NN	" Spoken like a lawyer .
tr	NN	A fel ow dragon .
tr	NN	" She 's feeding you info .
tr	NNS	She 's getting breaks . "
tr	NNS	She checked the chambers and handed it to Elizabeth .
tr	NN	" Unlike this safe haven ? "
tr	NNS	Alexander and I had enough distractions to deal with and I wanted my precious alone time with him .
tr	NN	John felt a pang of guilt .
tr	NN	I repress a shudder of revulsion .
tr	NN	pierced our quiet romantic rendezvous .
tr	NNS	" I 've brought scrolls from my father 's study .
tr	NNS	I lumbered off the mattress and stumbled into the kitchen , where I fixed myself a glass of sugar water .
tr	NN	Reaching behind his back , he slid his dagger from the sheath attached to his jeans .
tr	NNS	After being denied every low-income apartment in the city , she made arrangements to move in with her friend Ronnie Reagan .
tr	NN	Now , this old man doesn 't have the capacity for work that your young self does , so I 'll be saying fai ana . '
tr	NN	No one was imagining jack .
tr	NNS	Still , after her initial humiliation , she 'd made excuses for him .
tr	NNS	Nobody prepared scores in advance as thoroughly as she had , and no one had a more fully realized concept of the sound she was after .
tr	NN	As I 've already told you , summer ' 96 , he first showed me the manuscript .
tr	NN	With a starting run , I vaulted the railing to the second floor .
tr	NNS	Those so chosen undergo terrible rituals to become something that is truly a living death .
tr	NN	" I wish you no harm .
tr	NNS	" I have no doubts , but I won 't try to change anyone 's minds .
tr	NNS	Love gave him the dates of the week of Carol Butterfield 's murder .
tr	NN	He would never betray my uncle or me as his heir . "
tr	NN	As she ran the final steps toward the cliff 's edge , she ripped the gown over her head , which blinded her for a frightening moment .
tr	NNS	" I was chopping up some vegetables , but I dropped my knife .
tr	NN	Antonia stopped pacing and stood still , afraid to ask him to repeat his statement .
tr	NNS	She surveyed the ceiling 's receded fixtures .
tr	NN	He 'd rather not have any proof that there was real feeling behind it .
tr	NN	I fought a groan , wondering if I 'd drown in her sweetness .
tr	NN	The women keep the valley like this . "
tr	NNS	He took many deep breaths and stopped often .
tr	NN	He turned the knob and opened the door .
tr	NNS	He made arrangements to be discharged in country so he could go immediately to Australia to hold her once again .
tr	NN	He would give no quarter , grant no mercy whatsoever .
tr	NN	Lindy felt her husband tense at her side .
tr	NNS	All units consolidate your defenses .
tr	NNS	I gave my eyes one last wipe then headed towards the sounds of my mother .
tr	NN	Athena didn 't look a bit sheepish as she approached the bed .
tr	NNS	Those of you who are staying behind should mingle yourselves in among them when we ride out .
tr	NN	" You can 't contact somebody til you know them .
tr	NN	Bob removed the battery and dropped it in an ornamental black cast iron waste bin carrying the shield of the City of London .
tr	NNS	You 're wasting your time sitting here , your mother can keep tabs on Peter . "
tr	NN	Beneath each he 'd written their height in pen .
tr	NN	He 's learning our language very fast and it 's not natural . "
tr	NNS	The fear that leapt into my eyes must have confirmed his suspicions .
tr	NN	' We 'll finally be entering orbit . '
tr	NNS	* * * ' Did you see our models ? '
tr	NNS	I have powers that don 't belong in this world , because I can give and take away Adelina 's powers . '
tr	NN	Pat asks the handful of kids who have come with us , trying to take their minds off their aching , soaked feet .
tr	NN	He kissed her passionately , and in the moonlight , he completely disrobed .
tr	NN	I have faith in you , King Richard . "
tr	NN	" Ghost hunting equipment ! "
tr	NNS	I probably shouldn 't be making trips like this at all .
tr	NN	According to Lexus , it can sometimes cause discomfort .
tr	NNS	Maybe he had nudged the tuning forks when he moved it .
tr	NN	Julie hugged the pillow more tightly to her chest and mumbled , " I 'm up . "
tr	NN	I 'll give you an example .
tr	NN	They had a small disagreement over the check , which Alex refused to let her take .
tr	NN	" They caught the younger Stenger ? "
tr	NN	Never a word that might sully your reputation . "
tr	NNS	I took out my contacts and put them in the case .
tr	NN	All of them include a small bridal bouquet , music , souvenir certificate and holder , garter and minister .
tr	NNS	I killed birds and we ate them raw .
tr	NNS	" Oh , it 's got directions for removing this creature 's spleen .
tr	NN	" Need a pen ? "
tr	NN	I caught a peek at Meg , lying unharmed inside the press box looking all pleased with herself .
tr	NN	Tori instinctively hit the alarm clock and it stopped .
tr	NN	Strange symbols spanned a quarter of its length , and the light coming from its underbelly seemed to glow from its casing .
tr	NN	With one final fluid motion Mike leaped over the railing to arrive at the table where Garcia was seated .
tr	NNS	As long as you don 't sabotage my efforts . "
tr	NN	I heard a snort .
tr	NNS	' You look ... nicer .
tr	NNS	" You don 't even worship the gods . "
tr	NN	People we owe a life debt to . "
tr	NNS	Derrick puts the items into a backpack and walks over to where I am sitting .
tr	NNS	Her fingers flicked his nipples before she released his mouth and bent down to taste him there .
tr	NN	" So drive the damn needle in me .
tr	NN	Instead , he saw shock , disbelief and even outrage on the knights ' faces .
tr	NN	His fingers began a slow massage to ease the tension out of her .
tr	NN	" Did you clean out my refrigerator ? "
tr	NNS	" You 've been rubbing those gorgeous tits against my back for the last ten minutes . "
tr	NN	" I require your oath of fealty . "
tr	NNS	With her free hand , she fingered his balls .
tr	NNS	Floating above her body , she watched the doctors who were gathered around her , trying in vain to revive her .
tr	NN	Jones dropped the smirk and reached into his pockets .
tr	NN	Vlad hadn 't resumed digging , but he still knelt in the snow , staring up at me with the oddest expression .
tr	NN	The waitress frowned her annoyance .
tr	NNS	I already knew what my pastime in Somalia would be ... cards and more cards .
tr	NN	However , this new eye opener stretched their imagination .
tr	NN	He set a tape player on another table and popped a cassette in .
tr	NN	Mookie had a knit cap pulled over her hair , too .
tr	NN	He made vile design to drive some victim into renouncing the king , a martyr to his rebellion .
tr	NNS	To pass the time , I hunt the ruins .
tr	NNS	" Did you at least get any napkins ? "
tr	NN	That made Rome groan .
tr	NN	Just because Cassidy probably would have understood the significance didn 't make her a better Queen .
tr	NNS	You haven 't supplies , or a place to go to .
tr	NNS	The rustling of leaves only a few yards off .
tr	NN	When he heard this , he put the lid on the special cement he 'd been using , and stood .
tr	NN	He smiles at me and flags the waiter to order a cup .
tr	NN	When he had washed me from neck to heel , I took the soap from his hand .
tr	NNS	They hurled spears and Auron cut them in the air .
tr	NNS	The senator smiled thinly .
tr	NN	Allowing her wolf out to play , she tasted the nipple with her tongue even as her fingers explored the hard length of his erection .
tr	NNS	I ordered two hamburgers for him and a small Pepsi for me , and returned to the table to wait .
tr	NN	It lets out another low , pitiful moan .
tr	NNS	They 'd hired more doctors and nurses and made it possible for most emergencies to be handled on island .
tr	NN	The terrified , unthinking creature she 'd been had held one certainty : her only hope was not to go back .
tr	NN	You don 't have your uniform on . "
tr	NN	Even then , Elise had a style and a vision of who she was .
tr	NN	As it was , she absorbed every detail as she reached a wraparound terrace from which every aspect of the magnificent property could be seen .
tr	NN	Curtis approaches his colleague and pats him on the shoulder , with the respect one would show a worthy adversary .
tr	NNS	She smiled away the pools in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Drinking diluted the senses , and he despised not being in control at all times .
tr	NN	Now , shall we prepare your bath , miss ?
tr	NN	Leo slid the beer menu to one side .
tr	NNS	If we do find friendly locals we can always ask Phil for an extension of our stay , he can even send us more supplies . "
tr	NNS	Eric paced the confines of his room , his teeth burning and his hands clenched into fists .
tr	NN	' You 've all got an example or you wouldn 't be here . '
tr	NN	" They retain the impression of their former selves .
tr	NNS	He sets the fork down and rubs his hand down his face so roughly he leaves red marks on his skin .
tr	NN	Jamie could barely stand the suspense , but she wouldn 't say anything to encourage him one way or the other .
tr	NN	" Where will we find the crossbow ? "
tr	NN	One of them even contained an old soft toy with a note stating that the wrong sister died .
tr	NNS	Rachel plucked little chunks from her roll , pinching it apart instead of eating it .
tr	NNS	She then gathered up her slippers and exited the room .
tr	NNS	" Then you switch offices anyway , like you planned .
tr	NN	He poured the liquid into the sink , shaking it gently a few times at the end to drain some of the slow-moving sludge .
tr	NN	He slid up the hem of my robe , running his hands down between my legs .
tr	NNS	After we ate we took a few supplies that had been pre-packed in a backpack and headed inland .
tr	NN	Diego laughed , his stern expression softening .
tr	NNS	" But , we could move the birds and smaller animals up here on top of the hill .
tr	NN	The Expressway passed row upon row of dwelling units , few of them very tall , but some , for all he knew , very deep .
tr	NNS	But she didn 't want doubts or darker thoughts now .
tr	NNS	Quietly , he put his slippers on , then reached for the clothes hanging from a chair .
tr	NN	Luka wipes the trickle of dark blue from his broken lip .
tr	NNS	I didn 't know the spells . "
tr	NNS	He could now see markings on the gray surface of the habitat .
tr	NN	Air buoys with beacons and signs directed traffic in the corridor .
tr	NN	Liza felt the wild urge to laugh , as she did sometimes when she got very nervous , and fought desperately to quell it .
tr	NN	I gingerly grabbed the knocker and banged it against the entrance .
tr	NNS	They 'll break the bands and examine the bills and count them by hand . "
tr	NN	" This was the key to the side door , it won 't open the linen closet . "
tr	NN	I pressed the cloth against his wounds .
tr	NN	The added momentum of the falling tree accelerates Link even faster , closing the distance between himself , and the kid soaring just beneath him .
tr	NN	Sand never had no honey .
tr	NN	It 's been quite a while since I allowed myself a mortal . "
tr	NN	Instantly a string of bare bulbs illuminated a narrow , spiral staircase with a metal handrail leading downwards .
tr	NNS	" You also found marijuana cigarettes during your search . "
tr	NNS	The three workmen had huge , dark stains on their shirts , and one of the younger men had a red bandanna over his head .
tr	NNS	Then they took up their shovels , and , along with everyone else , began to fill in the dirt .
tr	NN	Bozo tested the friendship philosophy with a question .
tr	NNS	Heisman lowered the pages .
tr	NN	I would not have much faith for anyone taken in these lands .
tr	NN	And Jessie Frances had whipped up a batch of fried dill pickles .
tr	NN	He dropped his towel and divested her of hers before he stepped into the warm water and pulled her in behind him .
tr	NN	Might give us some more info , and help explain our presence a bit . "
tr	NNS	In breaking his oath , the serf forfeits his rights but remains his protector 's property . "
tr	NN	She didn 't have enough imagination to make all this up .
tr	NNS	He handed me four new cards .
tr	NNS	He had no patients waiting and saw no reason not to close the office early .
tr	NN	As she watched one of them made a small gesture off to their left .
tr	NN	Our first time travelers , whom we sent a day forward into the future , bridged the void easily enough .
tr	NN	Karen found a dead crow outside her window in the flowers a few days earlier .
tr	NNS	" Cadet , you had relations with this girl ? "
tr	NN	He notes each location and denomination .
tr	NN	Every mission had the possibility of going bad in so many ways .
tr	NN	She could see the distant resemblance .
tr	NN	" I don 't need a babysitter I 'm not a child ! "
tr	NNS	I bared my fangs at her .
tr	NNS	You 're constantly asking yourselves in one way or another , " Who am I ?
tr	NN	She gave Richard 's hand a gentle squeeze before releasing it .
tr	NNS	He checked the monitors again .
tr	NN	" They hadn 't reached the airport when I called him , but he 'll let us know the minute they do . "
tr	NNS	Both had lost their fathers at a young age , and circumstances had separated them from their mothers .
tr	NN	As it was , he yanked back his captive and kicked in the " private " door .
tr	NN	" He must 've had a big liver ! "
tr	NN	He loved walking barefoot through Terra 's deep forests at night .
tr	NN	Borden returned the gesture and settled back on the very edge of his chair ... and then Simms turned his attention to Jazz .
tr	NN	Reece could feel Saracen 's muscles move powerfully under her .
tr	NNS	" You spoke volumes , and you know it . "
tr	NN	And then ... we 'll share custody .
tr	NN	At that time I made it a priority to understand the testing and I met and have become friends with George Holt . "
tr	NN	A small stain darkened the camouflaged material , spreading inexorably as they continued .
tr	NNS	He literally ripped the panels apart .
tr	NNS	And then he heard two shots .
tr	NN	My trainees had the best survival rate .
tr	NNS	Putting this thought aside , Horace skimmed his companions .
tr	NNS	Mel stops a few paces away and turns back when she hears me yell .
tr	NN	He missed the dagger .
tr	NN	He bit her nipple .
tr	NN	" A specious argument . "
tr	NNS	I will also do all the chores and laundry and dishes until you think I 've learned my lesson .
tr	NNS	They saw opportunities for vast profits in this country and I gave them the opening , for a fee of course .
tr	NNS	To himself , they were curved steel pillars ten feet in diameter , meshed neatly into a continuous cradle of metal .
tr	NNS	Another one sank their fangs into his forearm as yet another clawed its way up his back .
tr	NNS	Cindy laid out cards and score pads .
tr	NNS	" As I was saying , it 's obviously done wonders for your teeth . "
tr	NNS	You have no assets , and you 're over a hundred thousand dollars in debt .
tr	NN	- " Outfitting for Survival , " The Modern Mountain Man 's Survival Guide 13 " You should probably gas up before you hit the highway . "
tr	NNS	One night , alone in my apartment , I scrolled through social media sites trying to figure out what she 'd been up to .
tr	NN	When she 's finished eating , I 'm giving her a bath and putting her to bed . "
tr	NN	On the restaurant 's terrace , Sally ordered pasta with clams , fresh tomatoes and basil while Paolo had grilled fish .
tr	NNS	They both looked breathless and happily exhausted , like they 'd just had tons of sex .
tr	NNS	I could feel the caress of fine linen and lace over my body and the weight of my hair down my back .
tr	NNS	I grabbed her thighs and lifted her , wrapping her legs around me .
tr	NNS	Now they took the trays from the food places and pulled those along the grassy areas like sleds .
tr	NN	" We have a new addition to your group . "
tr	NNS	I saved some points on the " losing my masculinity " scale if no one knew what I was doing but me .
tr	NN	I flipped open the cylinder on the gun and loaded it .
tr	NNS	" Nice folks ? "
tr	NN	The old man stroked his beard .
tr	NN	Liz opened the trunk , and Hayden reached in before she got a chance and pulled her suitcase out .
tr	NNS	" And so do their victims . "
tr	NNS	He 'd seen the ships .
tr	NNS	Almost the second that I swallowed the silvery pill , I felt all my extremities going numb .
tr	NNS	Slowly , reluctantly , the girls picked up their own packs .
tr	NN	He was holding a bloody towel up to his mouth , and there was a deep gash in his forehead .
tr	NN	He ignored Anna 's scowl and nonchalantly blew out a couple of smoke rings .
tr	NN	He had an agenda and was ready , eager even , to accomplish the goal .
tr	NN	From the bottom of the stairs , I judged the ceiling height to be about ten feet .
tr	NNS	" She doesn 't paint landscapes . "
tr	NNS	Star crossed lovers fleeing to a foreign land together .
tr	NNS	They took both sites cleanly .
tr	NNS	" How many points would I lose if I farted right now ? "
tr	NN	Now that he had a handy window portal , he was showing off his championship style .
tr	NN	Farther up the shore , I can see a handful of kids , hanging out in what seems to be a picnic area .
tr	NNS	Stone surveyed the shattered remains of my ugly vase .
tr	NN	A shiver went down her spine at the thought of him being pleased by the sight of her eating .
tr	NN	I particularly enjoyed The Monday Men .
tr	NNS	The women made shrill , frightened noises , too startled to scream .
tr	NNS	" We have the best steaks in three counties . "
tr	NNS	Laura did the honors and poured a glass at the side table , while Molly took her leave of them .
tr	NNS	He had taken two drivers to the practice tee and the extra club was not removed .
tr	NNS	I 'm just making excuses .
tr	NN	He adored the Karelian birch furniture through out the four room presidential suite .
tr	NN	The baron tossed the document angrily to the other end of the table .
tr	NN	She took her beach towel and spread it on the bottom of the boat at her feet .
tr	NN	" Or you could take my advice . "
tr	NNS	They touted the endless benefits to a life led by logic and rationality , while simultaneously addressing the silent beast growing stronger by the day : opinion .
tr	NNS	The eldest among them had psionic powers .
tr	NN	He then shoved the detector back into my chest , which I found rather rude .
tr	NNS	I 've got the navigation skills of a homing pigeon . "
tr	NN	I sensed the depth of his feelings and heard the quiet murmurs of his thoughts , echoing what he had just said .
tr	NNS	She logged the data and noted the time , saying to Chien , " Your shift is up .
tr	NN	In the fog I didn 't have a prayer of hitting an exposed gap in a knight 's armor , but a horse made a decent target .
tr	NN	The thought , in fact , made her shudder .
tr	NNS	I could witness the actions of others .
tr	NNS	How many bouts of sicknesses had he endured ?
tr	NN	She worshipped this particular Quentin , literally .
tr	NN	" Because it costs a fortune . "
tr	NNS	He deliberately flashed his fangs .
tr	NN	" Let 's hope heaven has an A & E department . "
tr	NNS	" You 're splitting hairs .
tr	NN	I returned the favor . "
tr	NN	I 'd better call the doc in after all . "
tr	NNS	I handed the forms back to her and she thanked me , before slinking out of the room slowly .
tr	NN	He must be staying off grid to avoid loan sharks or collection thugs .
tr	NNS	Malicious inside shots broke his floating ribs .
tr	NNS	She laid the blueprints on his desk and sat across from him .
tr	NN	I picked up my backpack and followed him across the parking lot , tapping my drumsticks on my hip .
tr	NN	Josie had no patience for him and this little game of dredging up the past .
tr	NNS	As she reached the children 's playground , a breeze caught the swings , rocking them back and forth .
tr	NNS	And why you put numbers on them . "
tr	NN	" You have all the tenacity of a pit bull . "
tr	NNS	They could not yet see their attackers through the grey trees and the drizzle .
tr	NN	She studied the sketch for a moment and then slowly put down the pencil .
tr	NN	And then we had the first firm proof that Tessa was not human !
tr	NN	She had that effect . "
tr	NNS	As quick as lighting Gus was between the two , his knife held inches from the man 's face .
tr	NN	For someone so young , she had the cool demeanor and reserve of a more mature woman .
tr	NN	I recite a simple prayer , which helps me find my breath again .
tr	NNS	Big Darius edged backwards .
tr	NN	Break the hack and get downstairs . "
tr	NN	Perhaps he loved vice for vice 's own sake .
tr	NNS	From the old building behind the stables I could hear giggles , warm voices and happy music .
tr	NNS	Simple mistakes had major repercussions in my building .
tr	NNS	" A proper king does not randomly kidnap his subjects ! "
tr	NN	Closing his eyes , he bit back a frustrated groan .
tr	NNS	A pair of elderly women were browsing the romance shelves .
tr	NNS	It confirms my suspicions .
tr	NNS	I hear balls rolling down the lanes behind me , crashing against the pins as I slip off my boots and tuck them into a cubby .
tr	NN	And he maneuvered that Mustang with all the cool skill of Darcy on horseback , too .
tr	NNS	These will explain your rights . "
tr	NNS	It took several trips to carry everything in ; then Frank took Steve to the shed to show him how the generator worked .
tr	NNS	" All of his focus was on erasing her fears .
tr	NNS	Someone must have dug up the wires again , she thought ; it had happened once before during some neighborhood excavation .
tr	NN	I feel my eyes blink rapidly a few times as I gaze out the windshield and toward the house .
tr	NNS	Take off her sandals . "
tr	NNS	Maura and Calla and Persephone all made vague noises .
tr	NN	We 'll get pizza and I 'll call that psychic and the whole goddamn world will sort itself out . "
tr	NNS	" Stop giving me chances .
tr	NN	He released a low growl , his arms flexing , his jade eyes blazing as they stared at me through the mirror .
tr	NN	Everything about him screamed cowboy .
tr	NN	" Blake and I found an intruder in the Stone room .
tr	NN	She picked up the receiver .
tr	NN	In a minute Margaret would lose her patience and chase her .
tr	NNS	He waved back clueless .
tr	NN	I had the gas mask resting on my head and the tear gas belts still draped around my chest .
tr	NNS	They stopped and watched the surrounding houses for any signs that the neighbors had stirred .
tr	NN	I can smell the pizza from here .
tr	NNS	I didn 't have their restrictions .
tr	NN	Did he want the throne ?
tr	NNS	He rested his palms on the edge of the chassis and closed his eyes .
tr	NN	He made another little twirling hand gesture without removing his face from his pillow .
tr	NN	He drew a nipple into his mouth , skillful in turning it into a hard , throbbing nub before long .
tr	NN	Now came the leap of faith .
tr	NN	I haven 't killed anybody , but you 're damn right .
tr	NNS	and he gave us some invitation cards .
tr	NN	" Our clients deserve all the privacy they can get . "
tr	NNS	Most people here had tabs or phones , or sat , faces impassive and unlined , as ear buds played a private sound track .
tr	NN	" But he has Ancestral potential . "
tr	NNS	They ironed out the finer points of the ceremony , and then they all moved on to other business .
tr	NN	A little gray squirrel ran down the trunk , twitching its tail as a second , larger squirrel chased it .
tr	NN	Did she receive special treatment ?
tr	NN	She remembered the shudder the ship had given as it had wrenched itself apart , the black water of the East River pouring in .
tr	NNS	Melanie did not envy the troop leaders with younger children .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms against his chest .
tr	NNS	" Although I understand you do share some tastes . "
tr	NNS	" I asked human students to this school because they were necessary to fulfill a ... pet project of mine .
tr	NNS	He flipped off the covers and revealed every asset the good Lord had given him .
tr	NNS	He could hear the rotors turning above him and suddenly got an idea .
tr	NNS	" I 've got the dishes . "
tr	NN	" Well if you can lead me back to the exact place I will show you a great treasure . "
tr	NNS	Every day missing increased the chances the agent had died .
tr	NN	" Kill anybody ? "
tr	NNS	From what she said , you can expect half the city 's big wheels to be there tonight .
tr	NN	" Single file and no funny business ! "
tr	NNS	I will tolerate no jokes on conceptual darkness , brutality , innovation or similar as an answer either .
tr	NN	At least you 're not wearing a towel with a hole cut in the center and no sides ! "
tr	NNS	You will have no powers there .
tr	NN	Watching the breeze playing with her hair I felt a sudden urge to kiss her but it didn 't seem like the right time or place .
tr	NNS	Pix lifted the drapes away , revealing a brick passageway lit with a cool , crisp , white illumination .
tr	NN	She didn 't like the comparison between their spouses , however subtle .
tr	NN	It had a shady reputation ; an all-male boxing gym with a clientele that was rough , sleazy , and dangerous .
tr	NN	I can 't take the rejection .
tr	NN	I grabbed a rope , and told him to get on his feet .
tr	NNS	You 've had many changes since our wedding last year .
tr	NNS	Glancing around , she scoped out our surroundings , then looked at me .
tr	NN	I sense her hand tightening around mine .
tr	NN	Paramedics swarmed the stretch of sand and I watched as they were told by several of the people at the party what they had seen .
tr	NNS	They have very different tastes .
tr	NNS	Maybe vampires didn 't do ring exchanges .
tr	NNS	My figure lacked the attractive attributes of womanhood , resembling , instead , a matchstick .
tr	NN	" Can you get the ice-cream maker ?
tr	NNS	Finally , I gathered my wits and shook my head .
tr	NNS	" You guide your clients when it comes to updates and building projects .
tr	NN	A gust of wind , sweeping in from Mason 's Cove , nearly blew Louisa 's parasol out of her hands .
tr	NN	I dash over the ramp into the hatch then shuffle towards the viewing window .
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to bolt the hell away .
tr	NN	I jerked my rifle off the ground and headed back to camp .
tr	NN	Buzz really had no proof .
tr	NNS	I 've noticed your skills , and I hope to learn from you . "
tr	NN	The older wore a gown of bottle green with black buttons up its bodice .
tr	NN	You haven 't accepted His forgiveness .
tr	NN	I got an email from Dante a couple of weeks ago .
tr	NN	Monika eyes his physique .
tr	NNS	Jake landed inches from his prey .
tr	NN	Throw some conditioner in your hair so it keeps the wet look .
tr	NN	Supple , hard muscle corded his frame .
tr	NNS	Fresh supplies of anything .
tr	NN	I give Connor 's forearm a squeeze for good measure just as Grant leans in to kiss my cheek and smack Ty upside the head simultaneously .
tr	NN	THEY TURNED OFF the highway at Newmarket and set out cross-country toward Norwich .
tr	NN	Do your duty well for as long as you wish .
tr	NN	With a mischievous wink , she removed the secret vial of perfume from her blouse to hide it securely inside a lambskin sac of stones .
tr	NNS	He threw the covers off of himself and slipped down off the bed , promptly falling in a puddle on the floor .
tr	NNS	By seven PM , Leslie had earned thirty dollars in tips .
tr	NN	Our girl dug out a quarter and flipped it .
tr	NNS	" Did you get fifty dollars for that ? "
tr	NNS	Rico could understand Sean 's doubts even as he knew that Sean would never let down his children or his wife .
tr	NNS	They aren 't really making planets .
tr	NNS	Join the five band members of Chasing Cross as they find that there 's more to life beyond the stage .
tr	NNS	" Yes ; I have sent messengers into the towns to learn every name . "
tr	NN	He groaned and raised the material , covering her before he succumbed to the urge to place his mouth on her sweet skin .
tr	NN	We need our closure after another bump in our road .
tr	NNS	" To yer stations !
tr	NNS	I am ripping up blades and throwing them at the tree trunk and sobbing through my throat and yelling at Bobby .
tr	NN	They had the largest , most fertile valley on the planet , plus the largest sources of fresh water .
tr	NNS	She raised her wineglass in a small salute .
tr	NNS	We expect the Officials to retaliate and a large number of the population to be lost .
tr	NNS	He trusted her abilities .
tr	NN	He lost his fiance , Felicity , a few years back . "
tr	NN	" I could hardly attend a funeral with my clothes all torn now could I ! "
tr	NN	" What the fuck do you want ? "
tr	NN	About a half hour into the period , Cathy rises and puts her backpack on , collecting a camera from the shelf in the corner .
tr	NN	Cut the cloth and tread on the fat !
tr	NNS	Underneath the clothes , I keep the few items I had on me when I was lifted from the arena .
tr	NNS	They all wore gray overalls and carried small lunch pails .
tr	NN	She starts pacing again .
tr	NNS	I don 't use drugs , but the cops wanted to lock me up in a mental institution instead of listening to me .
tr	NN	Slowly Steve set the menu aside , his fingers lingering over the gold tassel .
tr	NNS	That probably sent all those fat , lazy priests right straight up the wall .
tr	NNS	I had no difficulties checking in through the main reception again , but as predicted , we had a small delay in getting to the secure area .
tr	NNS	Why leave chemicals in the atmosphere when it 's not necessary to .
tr	NN	When she turned back to answer his plea she saw his pistol aimed at her head .
tr	NNS	On the other hand , I had certainly experienced the twists and turns of a bunch of coincidences in the past few months .
tr	NNS	" And then the murderer moved her pens and papers around ? "
tr	NN	People would think her mad riding in on such a steed .
tr	NN	" From what I understand , you 've got no other option .
tr	NN	I want ... hmm ... five subjects .
tr	NN	" Our firm has an excellent reputation . "
tr	NN	Thirty minutes later , Sarah had the pony trap packed and the cow tethered to a lead off the back .
tr	NNS	But my looking like Little Orphan Sophie wasn 't what had my powers going nuts .
tr	NN	We should love and treat each other equally .
tr	NNS	They 've blown the tunnels .
tr	NN	The guard put his crossbow on the table , along with a leather belt connected to a sheathed long knife .
tr	NN	He also shook the vest to make sure nothing rattled to betray Kane 's position in the field .
tr	NNS	But , I 've got great instincts , and my instincts told me that something smelled .
tr	NNS	" Ski shop owners have meetings ? "
tr	NN	" And bring the next-door hottie . "
tr	NNS	Wooden cupboards , attached to the walls above the sink held plates and , thankfully , rows of tinned food and dried products in screw topped jars .
tr	NNS	" I brought a couple pints of AB positive with me in my bag . "
tr	NN	Turning off my inner voices , I lifted the lid once more and dropped the rest of the bears back inside .
tr	NN	Adam pulled the tape off .
tr	NN	She gripped the railing and looked out over the water view .
tr	NNS	We have powers we weren 't meant to have and we have to learn how to control them .
tr	NNS	" Brian Carter has seen numerous doctors over the past four years .
tr	NN	He drew his caster from his trench coat .
tr	NN	Blood speckled the vanity , the floor and the bath mat , too .
tr	NNS	You work wonders , Bel . "
tr	NN	He took pity on me when I told him I had young children .
tr	NN	Cassie felt a pang of guilt .
tr	NNS	He obviously couldn 't see the marks on my fingertips .
tr	NNS	Now take those reins ! "
tr	NNS	" Shall we move your poor companions out of the cold ?
tr	NNS	Things that can have happy endings .
tr	NNS	Blake never gave them the reins .
tr	NNS	He removed the old tapes and added new ones .
tr	NNS	" You have no objections to Sam asking permission to marry you ? "
tr	NNS	He was pulling enormous , bloody chunks of meat into his mouth and inhaling them like a wild animal .
tr	NNS	He had abilities now that he was just starting to understand himself .
tr	NN	The pilot handled the craft while speaking on the radio at the same time .
tr	NN	So , I can use a method of integration by trigonometric substitution , evaluating the surface area integral . "
tr	NNS	My own breathing grew shallow .
tr	NN	He felt his gut clench with unease .
tr	NNS	Lauren pulled a few dollars out of her jeans and handed it to her friend .
tr	NN	She handed the basket to him .
tr	NNS	I possess some skills of healing and I wish to give assistance .
tr	NNS	She sighed her bliss .
tr	NNS	Once we were up the ladder , he found my slippers and then slid an arm around my waist .
tr	NN	She took a few slow , deep breaths and leaned forward as far as she could until the pain was too much to bear .
tr	NN	We can try a landing over there .
tr	NN	Will hoisted the instrument over the side of the railing an instant before Cole charged him and tackled him .
tr	NNS	We 're sending you a few extra doses in the sugar jar , so you should have enough . "
tr	NNS	I would paint the floors and walls with his blood before he died .
tr	NNS	Take his samples , and run him through the scope .
tr	NNS	Old lady Harris was cutting some roses from a bloody bush that 'd seen better days .
tr	NNS	I have my folks , some brothers and sisters , and a bunch of nieces and nephews and cousins .
tr	NN	She moaned a soft protest when he lifted his head .
tr	NN	He held his pistol up with his good arm and scanned the tables , the bodies , and waded through the aftermath of the gun battle .
tr	NNS	She was wearing a summer dress , sleeveless , green seersucker stripes .
tr	NN	" Nah , I tried piano for a bit but couldn 't get on with it .
tr	NNS	" So you get the butterflies and the sweaty palms and the rapid heartbeat and all that ? "
tr	NNS	" I guess I am , " Anderton replied remotely .
tr	NNS	They had regular meals , during which the entire family sat down at the table and talked about their day .
tr	NNS	Reluctantly I threw the covers off , and sat up on the side of my bed .
tr	NN	" You must bring him proof that she is alive .
tr	NNS	The salty , poignant smell of them filled her senses and made her cry even harder .
tr	NN	" This is translated code you have here .
tr	NNS	I have my priorities back in order . "
tr	NN	Aiden brushed a damp strand of hair off my forehead .
tr	NN	The room she took us to had a cozy sitting area and access to a private porch , as well as a big , plush bed .
tr	NNS	I could only imagine the scenarios in my head that they would need it for ; the creativity that required playing injured .
tr	NNS	" We 're sitting ducks without them .
tr	NN	He pointed the beak at his neck .
tr	NNS	He replaced the cans and returned to stand alongside me .
tr	NNS	Set up anonymous web sites , post on bulletin boards , do whatever you can do .
tr	NNS	I hear my own breaths , and his .
tr	NN	This thing really needs a long bath in distilled water so we can see what 's underneath .
tr	NNS	Everyone had the same complaints .
tr	NNS	It walked a few paces away to where Weston 's pack lay in the yellow turf .
tr	NNS	He didn 't mind crowds , especially when they paid well , but he didn 't even offer to perform for them .
tr	NN	Now , I am not only fearing Rachel 's fate , but my own also .
tr	NN	I still determine your grade , remember ? ' '
tr	NN	He puts his fork down .
tr	NNS	I was playing cards with Andy at one of the tables when a half dozen Cowboys emerged from the elevator .
tr	NNS	Raoul had two cameras live .
tr	NNS	The boy 's restless eyes , roving the leaves below them , discovered splashes of color among the green .
tr	NN	I hear her stomach growl as she talks about food and I 'm not about to let her run away from me .
tr	NN	" It could take a year Karla .
tr	NNS	Z took the cups out one by one and hurled them across the cave to smash against the mantle of the fireplace .
tr	NNS	But instead of yanking her into his arms he pulled back the covers .
tr	NN	Laura was losing her patience .
tr	NN	She released his gag .
tr	NN	Give me the package and we 'll complete the rest of the mission quietly .
tr	NNS	She threw back the covers .
tr	NN	Elena shook off the unease she felt from the end of her conversation with James and thought instead of the picture he 'd told her about .
tr	NN	Her angry face appeared at the window and Dickie stopped pounding , she drew the curtain .
tr	NNS	Sorry , Dad , Ashe sent mentally .
tr	NNS	Do you follow its teachings ?
tr	NNS	He quickly surveyed his surroundings and couldn 't believe his luck .
tr	NNS	I require your skills , nothing more . "
tr	NN	He could find a needle in a binary haystack and did , in this case , offering up Patrick 's address and prepping the GPS .
tr	NN	She eyes the darkened stairwell that beckoned like a crypt in the corner of the artificially bright living room .
tr	NN	If I 'm going to get sliced and diced , I may as well get a free foot massage out of it .
tr	NNS	Esme placed the dishes in the sink with a loud clatter and turned , her eyes blazing .
tr	NN	He tossed the towel in the hamper .
tr	NNS	When Nana had interviewed him , Thibault had made two requests .
tr	NNS	The candlelight in the far corner glowed dimly , but the light was sufficient .
tr	NN	A chill of foreboding traveled down Cassie 's spine .
tr	NN	" Pierce , how 's Mona , you 've got an update ? "
tr	NNS	Breedlove made excuses that her lady friend down below was suffering from some ailment that she didn 't want to concern Foxton with .
tr	NNS	Maul spun the blades around until they were secured under his forearms again .
tr	NNS	The hair on the back of his neck rose dangerously , and his head began to pound .
tr	NNS	Oh hell , this man could charm the birds from the trees if he wanted .
tr	NNS	He had seen security cameras and motion detectors in the lobby .
tr	NN	She felt his thigh along the length of her own through her gown .
tr	NN	Memories of her had only intensified the void that her touch had somehow managed to fill .
tr	NNS	" And don 't make excuses .
tr	NN	He gently rubbed shampoo in her hair .
tr	NN	A couple of men tried the other pump .
tr	NN	He remembered grandfather 's funeral , and the discreet clamour of the old man 's personal servants .
tr	NNS	Pass special items down from generation to generation .
tr	NN	Ever since she 'd arrived this morning , Susannah had tested Vivian 's patience .
tr	NNS	" She transferred her powers to that sword .
tr	NNS	She felt his hardness against her leg , and pressed into him .
tr	NNS	Esmeralda noticed an emptiness behind the yellow eyes of the beast .
tr	NNS	Without glancing back at the abbess , I follow the duchess out of the room .
tr	NNS	" I have twenty dollars . "
tr	NN	She felt his possession straight to her toes and he wasn 't even bothering to hide his scent of desire .
tr	NN	You can 't really predict the effect on Benson 's equipment .
tr	NN	The dispatcher mouthed the word Barker .
tr	NNS	People that like mornings have issues , if I see the sunrise it is probably because I haven 't been to sleep yet .
tr	NNS	I needed her boldness , her defiance .
tr	NN	They crossed the passageway swiftly and reached a recess in the curved wall .
tr	NN	Lizzie looked down the staircase .
tr	NNS	But now that it 's for sale we can 't take any chances .
tr	NN	In her head , faint , far away , she could hear a chant in his low , smooth voice , the language centuries old .
tr	NN	" We 're going over approved content for when we 're making love . "
tr	NN	She gave a growl in her throat .
tr	NN	Trying to play it cool , I lifted the burger .
tr	NNS	Bright light stabbed my eyeballs , and I squinted against the bright glare of the sun .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of William nodding to one of the security guards , who then left the room .
tr	NNS	That probably trumped our relationship issues .
tr	NN	Just as he was about to come to her rescue , she unleashed her true potential .
tr	NN	~ ~ ~ ~ " Great timing , Nolan , " Cameron muttered , reaching down to turn the shower off .
tr	NNS	Her voice sounded a little breathless .
tr	NN	Pain like ice shot up my spine , paralyzing me , and I screamed .
tr	NNS	" Take a couple deep breaths . "
tr	NN	He was reading the menu , no doubt criticizing it to no end , and didn 't notice us until we were practically on top of him .
tr	NNS	Constance already had no issues seeing through people straight to their souls , and knew if their intentions were of light , or of evil .
tr	NNS	" There could be exposed wires . "
tr	NN	I feel a stirring sermon taking form .
tr	NN	Taro checked the bedroom 's closet as he recalled one of the text messages that had streamed in : " Hope they fit . "
tr	NNS	With no other option , they reluctantly accepted my outlandish tales .
tr	NN	Your kind have no status in any court of law on Earth . "
tr	NNS	He 's making arrangements to search for him now .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down his spine , as they usually do .
tr	NNS	" I 've been hearing too many apologies from you lately . "
tr	NN	" Your husband had cancer ? "
tr	NNS	He gave the stick shift a farewell caress before sliding out ; the door shut behind him with a clunk of finality .
tr	NNS	She brushed imaginary crumbs from her blouse .
tr	NN	I jiggled the door knob hoping it would magically open .
tr	NN	We would like the task to be completed within the week .
tr	NN	I held the viewer to my eyes , adjusting to the clarity , magnifying even the smallest clump of weeds with perfect vision .
tr	NN	He grabbed a half handful of salt and tossed them in mid air .
tr	NN	Little Selene , barely three years old , would hardly even make a blip in their history .
tr	NNS	Does the vibrator have batteries ? "
tr	NN	I 'll get the necessary leverage . "
tr	NN	He recognized the fury there .
tr	NNS	I know the witches ; they would never do anything harmful .
tr	NN	He couldn 't overcome the resistance in his heart and his head .
tr	NNS	Just one stint as a puppet doubles your chances in the Dark .
tr	NN	" Get the fuck off me ! "
tr	NNS	" What caused the breakers to disengage ? "
tr	NNS	He flung the covers off his bare body and started to rise to his feet .
tr	NN	He erased the entire tape .
tr	NN	Did she bring the film back and develop it later ?
tr	NNS	Ethan 's eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	NN	And maybe get a warrant for Eugene 's house . "
tr	NNS	They would soon learn the dangers of even glancing in Simone 's direction .
tr	NNS	" Fire the engines ! "
tr	NN	Mary Ann smiled , a quick gleam of humor .
tr	NN	We will continue our engagement , while you make frequent visits to London , ostensibly to visit me .
tr	NNS	I gathered my wits about me and made the attempt to skip .
tr	NNS	Closing my eyes , I took steady breaths until the banging in my chest subsided .
tr	NN	That moron Georgie babbled out a version of the story to probably the first attentive audience of his young , retarded life .
tr	NN	She snatched the red marker that her dad had used on the map , and wrote on the table .
tr	NN	He gave me a curfew and an allowance and took away my maid , cook and driver .
tr	NN	How will I cut a big chunk out of a rover 's hull ?
tr	NNS	The coffee wouldn 't even cost ten dollars .
tr	NNS	She 'd been giving me jealous stares since Xavier and I had arrived at the store .
tr	NNS	Each of you will have your own strengths and weaknesses , and you will be able to learn from your colleagues as you go .
tr	NNS	Billy shook off his two helpers and crawled to his horse .
tr	NNS	Nana had just painted our fingernails with bright red nail polish and Meagan was upset that the worms would ruin her nails .
tr	NNS	" For myself , I 'm regretting those crabs we left behind . "
tr	NN	Unknown travelers rarely cross the threshold .
tr	NNS	The most time-consuming part of it was making those minute adjustments that eliminated all signs of her previous condition . '
tr	NNS	We 've totally blocked all the roads leading away from campus . "
tr	NNS	I traced the claw marks down and down , until I found the firm smoothness of his ass .
tr	NN	" I have no objection to any of those titles . "
tr	NNS	" They separate the teams according to the kid 's year of birth .
tr	NN	Sunny plunked the canister on the table and pried open the top .
tr	NN	He gave her a cocky smirk before leaning down to pick the boot up off the floor .
tr	NNS	His eyes reflect the burning fires of hell as he stares at me and then turns to the boy .
tr	NNS	" What constitutes ' a few meals ' ? "
tr	NNS	Just how many vantage points did my mind hold ?
tr	NNS	He kneaded her thighs .
tr	NNS	He always had the nightmares when he struggled with maintaining a strong enough mental barricade to keep his empathy under control .
tr	NNS	I don 't like snakes .
tr	NN	A fire mutt knows only a single sensation : agony .
tr	NN	The hole didn 't give him that much range .
tr	NNS	The farmer and his wife raise their cups to him , which makes him duck his head in embarrassment .
tr	NN	He let his gaze linger on her incredible chest with an obvious leer .
tr	NN	I ignored my natural urge to recoil and shoved my foot in all the way .
tr	NN	In retaliation I smashed a soft fluffy pillow over my face in an attempt to either drown out the noise or suffocate myself -- whichever came first .
tr	NN	She shared the content with Lanai .
tr	NN	" Make a sketch for us .
tr	NN	He was wearing the exact same outfit Jase was wearing , black shoes and all .
tr	NNS	Beneath Jon , the three hunters took up unobtrusive positions , where they could cover all exits .
tr	NN	She gave his hand another squeeze and urged him back down .
tr	NN	I toss a pillow on top of the blanket .
tr	NN	Dean helped Emerson climb from the bottom hatch of the plane and stretched his arms and legs .
tr	NNS	Then he quickly washed the bowls and spoons with his fingers , since there seemed to be nothing else available .
tr	NN	" Well , chica , perhaps I will have cream and sugar after all . "
tr	NNS	We have put all our efforts in determining the cause so that we would be able to revive the water supply .
tr	NNS	Do the horses get oats , or hay ?
tr	NN	The next thing I knew , they were all over each other , displaying their attraction for everyone to see . "
tr	NNS	Containing the needed supplies and weaponry refills .
tr	NN	" I ask forgiveness for my thoughts , Shea .
tr	NNS	The goatee man tossed a few bucks on the table and they were off .
tr	NN	Corey took the mic next .
tr	NN	" You caught a snake ? "
tr	NNS	" I have many well-to-do clients , and this place fits their requirements .
tr	NN	You 've both got the star in you and you have a lot of power . "
tr	NNS	" I love pepperoni ! "
tr	NNS	Gary 's breaths grew more ragged by the second .
tr	NNS	They were making contacts , setting up new deals , and arranging the movement of people and drugs .
tr	NN	She handed Ryder a drink carrier full of four large coffee cups .
tr	NNS	We sat and sipped our beers , Happy Hour blaring all around us .
tr	NNS	she spat at me , baring jagged yellow fangs .
tr	NN	Tie a ribbon around its neck , and that just might do the trick . "
tr	NNS	His look of sincerity stopped any further arguments from her , but she didn 't provide him with a list .
tr	NN	I 've never seen this material and my ability doesn 't tell me anything about it ... " Logan said dreamily and reached for the staff .
tr	NNS	" I still love meat pies . "
tr	NNS	" All my Escorts have particular talents , something that makes them very good at what they do .
tr	NN	I get a slight itch , looking at you .
tr	NNS	We laughed and continued down the slick country roads .
tr	NNS	Connor killed the engines .
tr	NN	He picked up the receiver with his shivering hands , then he looked up to the phone number on the TV screen .
tr	NNS	I ignored my body 's attempts to slow me down , warning me of my injured ankle .
tr	NNS	I had blocked out everything else about that night , I was enjoying my bliss .
tr	NNS	' Wait here , ' the nurse instructed the detectives as she exited , the drink having been left on the table by the bed .
tr	NN	Her gaze swung back to his and her mouth formed a perfect O when she realized what she 'd said .
tr	NNS	She slapped her palms to the stone , over and over , her frustration , fear , and anguish boiling out of her .
tr	NNS	Lists of decoded folders streamed down the monitors .
tr	NN	The sound it made would make anyone cringe and believe that taking one of those body blows could break a rib or two .
tr	NN	" Sounds like a perfect timetable for me . "
tr	NNS	Now , with calm determination , she simply used those same skills to feed her family .
tr	NNS	She took deep gulps of air and then sat up .
tr	NNS	Until then , help yourselves to food and drink . "
tr	NN	" I just want a function that 'll discriminate gorillas from other primates like chimps .
tr	NN	Time lost all meaning .
tr	NNS	' You 've worked hard today Katherine .
tr	NNS	Claire always made excuses for her , tried to keep the peace and help her be happy , but Leanne wasn 't easy to get along with .
tr	NNS	We 've checked schematics and so on .
tr	NNS	He knew his forms of address , and hoped by using them he 'd secure what he wanted from her .
tr	NN	Amber didn 't recognize the material or design .
tr	NNS	He wore the large gray sweats she 'd lent him , a towel draped around his neck ... and nothing else .
tr	NNS	Relief loosened the knots in Nicole 's muscles .
tr	NN	The other lifted his rifle and barked at them in Russian .
tr	NNS	He had her powers blocked ... This was bad .
tr	NNS	At least if we catch a Ranger 's game , we can see the scores .
tr	NNS	Amelia slapped the reins on the horses ' backs and shouted to them , and the wagon started forward .
tr	NNS	Her cheeks scalding , Grace caught the envious stares of the women as they reluctantly dispersed .
tr	NN	She just has a talent you didn 't know about .
tr	NNS	The Beetle jolted over some railroad tracks , officially taking us to the wrong side .
tr	NN	The old man wrestled his dying craft through a hundred miles of turbulence , never for a moment doubting he could pull this off .
tr	NNS	Why would we need ' terms ' to meet together ?
tr	NN	He turned the fountain pen over in his hand a few times .
tr	NNS	He touched his temples .
tr	NN	For the first time in years , Nicola felt enveloped by warmth , the cold from her medications and poor circulation finally chased away .
tr	NNS	If any other humans exist in other areas , they either have the skills to survive , or they do not .
tr	NNS	" Are there any big open areas over there ? "
tr	NNS	I wrote out directions for him .
tr	NNS	She could hear his taunts and threats .
tr	NNS	Terror formed painful knots in my stomach .
tr	NN	" How long do we keep these activated ? "
tr	NN	" Could you hand me a Lotus blossom ? "
tr	NNS	Most of them lose their wits completely when she smiles .
tr	NNS	She trains dogs . "
tr	NN	He had ordered the freshest batch of chicken nuggets .
tr	NNS	A Scout greeted the new arrivals .
tr	NNS	I wipe my sweaty palms on my dress .
tr	NNS	Mark trolled the frequencies , moving through its digital display , searching for anything resembling radio activity .
tr	NNS	In silence the group walks down the corridors of the basement until they reach the hallway .
tr	NN	Rich didn 't find any humor in his teasing .
tr	NN	I 'd hidden away their weaponry in a lock box concealed in the wall in my front room to keep thieves from cropping up and taking them .
tr	NN	To me , you will always be my baby sister , " Steven said a little sadly .
tr	NNS	Rich 's gaze burns into my profile for a long moment but I ignore it , gluing my eyes to the TV , zoning out on nothingness .
tr	NNS	" You 'll leave little fingerprints all over the place . "
tr	NNS	He regarded Lucius silently for a moment , then tilted his chin and said , " Are you all right ? "
tr	NN	" I can control your intake . "
tr	NN	I grabbed a pillow and chucked it at him .
tr	NNS	She still had occasional nightmares about living at the compound , about Dillon coming after her like he 'd promised .
tr	NN	And Tony knew the little prick who was playing Harry .
tr	NNS	How could this man drive away all her inhibitions ?
tr	NN	She could always find humor in everything .
tr	NN	I eat vengeance with a spoon like it 's honey .
tr	NNS	The four of us shared occasional meals , and we had pleasant little chats , avoiding discussing what we really wanted to talk about .
tr	NNS	We 've got chores to finish up . "
tr	NN	He was clutching a bloodstained steel strut in one hand , its end broken off to a wicked point .
tr	NN	I feel your reluctance , your revulsion of our feeding habits . "
tr	NNS	And however genuine the boy 's piety , he simply preferred his tales to be more rip-roaring and , well , less pious .
tr	NN	I don 't remember rape ; I don 't remember execution ; I don 't remember grudges that lasted very long .
tr	NNS	Exhaustion laced her movements .
tr	NN	Mitch , Ethan , and Matt searched the knoll carefully while Richard continued to keep watch .
tr	NNS	Name your terms . "
tr	NNS	I 've got all sorts of maps ; I won 't have any trouble locating it .
tr	NNS	And now the sight of her strolling slowly down the bridal path toward him turned his insides into jelly .
tr	NN	The prospect of having a vehicle to drive home the next day made her cheerful .
tr	NNS	You kill rich and powerful families .
tr	NNS	The nearby explosion burned the helmets and suits of the others .
tr	NNS	For themselves , for worthless family members . "
tr	NN	I cut the wire to his feet .
tr	NNS	Why would the " merciful " God kill all my squad members , but let me live ?
tr	NNS	He dodged my blades for a while , but was too slow and a hit went to his thigh .
tr	NN	But all through the day , she 'd fought the urge to burst into tears .
tr	NN	When I don 't send a card , I write an e-mail .
tr	NN	A familiar deep voice , speaking from far away , barely penetrated Abby 's void .
tr	NN	Bugs stroked his beard for a moment .
tr	NN	Men treated her like garbage . "
tr	NNS	Frowning , he could take no chances .
tr	NNS	She counted out three thousand dollars and passed it over to Ernie .
tr	NN	I can send a technician out this afternoon at no charge to rectify the problem .
tr	NNS	He guards the wolves in the wilds of Russia now and writes books with beautiful photographs .
tr	NN	Would you like some hot cocoa ? "
tr	NNS	Have dinner and coffee afterward . "
tr	NN	Then he speared the strawberry with a toothpick and passed it over .
tr	NNS	No , I 'll have no arguments ; my mind is made up .
tr	NN	And they all loved their fun-loving single uncle Rafe .
tr	NN	She held the yellow blouse up to inspect it closer .
tr	NNS	Layton is standing beside me with his gun out , drops of Anthony 's blood on his face , his hand steady as a rock .
tr	NN	She fluffed Caroline 's pillow and covered her up .
tr	NNS	Lucky dropped the plates off at the table , and this time I didn 't look over at her and smile my thanks .
tr	NNS	Before he could get away , the guards closed ranks and encircled him .
tr	NNS	There were woven statues .
tr	NN	I do etiquette and protocol and I make a mean quiche .
tr	NN	I slowly unscrewed the cap on my canteen and drained the last bit of water .
tr	NNS	After a few freeway junctions , they left the busy roads behind and flew toward a dark expanse of water .
tr	NNS	John saw the pages of his book but was really concentrating on something building on the horizon .
tr	NNS	Rebecca forced several deep breaths to quell the panic inside her .
tr	NN	Roman let out a groan .
tr	NNS	He set his cards on to the table , " pair of ladies and a pair of tens . "
tr	NN	" If I won the lottery along with eight more hours in the day . "
tr	NNS	" You 'll need the cubs .
tr	NNS	Trees lined the sidewalks .
tr	NN	She took no crap from anyone .
tr	NN	Lennox has a cricket bat in his hand and I take it , wedging it against the door handle .
tr	NN	We have an easy banter that feels good .
tr	NN	I like the embroidered dragon on the back .
tr	NNS	The organised nature of the sparks which have ignited violence in both the Newcastle protest and that of today have similar fingerprints , according to the police .
tr	NNS	He 'd had younger babes , but at this moment at this place , she was the hottest .
tr	NN	He lifted the lid and ladled out a delicious looking stew into a large green bowl , handing the full bowl into my waiting hands .
tr	NNS	Now he 's made ten yards , and another ten .
tr	NNS	He took out his cigarettes and offered her one .
tr	NN	Don 't use that demon language . "
tr	NN	" Support your claim . "
tr	NN	She had a method to her actions .
tr	NN	Lilly 's parents filed the original trust fund and will documents with the law firm of Dunne and Dunne in Albany .
tr	NN	I turned the knob and opened the door .
tr	NNS	" I just gave you three orgasms and you 're smiling about a text from Brian ? "
tr	NNS	Her neighborhood friends probably fed her bits of news from time to time .
tr	NN	His mother gave the nail she was hitting one last , hard whack and turned to her uncle .
tr	NNS	" I can 't tell you the exact numbers but my sales have increase quite a bit since I added it to the list . "
tr	NNS	The air carries scents of pine sap and loose soil .
tr	NN	And now the giant was cutting off my air supply .
tr	NN	If there happens to be more than three , I 've got the artillery to take care of the situation .
tr	NN	Regina Lancaster didn 't wear jealousy well .
tr	NN	Adrienne set her teacup on the table between them .
tr	NNS	Maggie 's torch momentarily illuminated the intersecting tunnels .
tr	NNS	Persephone doesn 't play politics .
tr	NNS	I lay the solar panels out and get the batteries charging .
tr	NNS	I don 't do drugs . "
tr	NNS	" Through the underground tunnels . "
tr	NN	" Come in , wipe your feet and " ( taking in his once white lab .
tr	NN	I had sixteen of Montgomery 's backlist in stock , all in hardback .
tr	NNS	How could these French Soldiers leave their families and fields for years at a time , just to serve the French King ?
tr	NN	For reasons he wasn 't sure of , the approaching darkness summoned a ripple of unease through his gut .
tr	NN	Trick smiles and his eyes hold no humor , just dead blackness , like a shark 's .
tr	NNS	You 've made opportunities for yourself with little or no help .
tr	NN	Some caveman part of him had already laid claim to her , so to have other men openly lusting after her scraped at his nerves .
tr	NNS	I focus on the empty plate 2 inches from my fingers .
tr	NN	" Oh , I get a nickname ? "
tr	NNS	The day 's walking did wonders for his jet lag , and he slept soundly that night .
tr	NN	Ganondorf has killed the sage of Spirit , and beheaded the woman who retained him . "
tr	NN	" You destroyed a wormhole .
tr	NN	Off stage Stu grabbed a towel .
tr	NNS	We declined all the offers , promising to send ambassadors soon to set up trade agreements and treaties .
tr	NNS	We can 't liquidate any assets or investments .
tr	NN	If I was lucky , maybe they 'd also numb out the electricity along with the headache .
tr	NN	He tapped the name tag on his flight suit .
tr	NNS	How do women do this most weekends ?
tr	NNS	I have some forms for you to fill out . "
tr	NNS	Just make a few little noises every now and then until we get the legal stuff done .
tr	NN	" I swore an oath of loyalty to the Candlewood family .
tr	NN	As soon as you warm up a little , I 've got water heating , and you can have a nice hot bath . '
tr	NNS	She read the book titles and once in a while stopped to reread them .
tr	NNS	He tucked his thumbs in the corners of his pockets .
tr	NNS	God has granted me all the desires of my heart .
tr	NNS	She has absolutely no powers . "
tr	NN	To anchor a rope to both sides ; then , suspending the bundle from it , pull Remington along the line , over the drop .
tr	NN	In the right hands , they would make someone a fortune .
tr	NNS	The rest might give him nightmares .
tr	NNS	She massaged her temples briefly and closed her eyes .
tr	NN	Now he gently removed the shattered treasure and found the two tiny portraits of Alexie and Anastasia .
tr	NN	This will increase efficiency and enable us to save money because we can leverage the purchasing power of all seven prisons in our system . "
tr	NNS	Let 's have the explosives off and disarmed .
tr	NNS	" I don 't care , " he said fervently .
tr	NNS	" When I caught my husband with the first mistress , I accepted his apologies .
tr	NN	" You 've maneuvered a motorcycle before ? "
tr	NN	I smashed a stun gun bot .
tr	NN	" So , I 'm curious , where did you see that painting before ? "
tr	NNS	He had the dogs lying down , waiting for his next signal .
tr	NNS	This was proper exercise , I thought , breathless from all the twirling .
tr	NN	The stone had a smooth , almost glassy quality as it reflected the evening sun .
tr	NNS	" I have some skills .
tr	NN	" We don 't have any proof yet , but it sounds plausible . "
tr	NN	Ethan demanded complete and utter loyalty with no exceptions and , it seemed , had little willingness to compromise .
tr	NN	" Dorian means no harm .
tr	NN	Sam handed me my hot chocolate and didn 't answer .
tr	NNS	Through the sheet , her moist softness cushioned his hardness .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen gleaming marble floors before .
tr	NNS	I remembered his tastes all too well .
tr	NN	" I have your peace offering . "
tr	NN	And us sheep , us citizens of Midland , we need protection from the shepherds , Dad .
tr	NN	Slowly untied the sash .
tr	NNS	That the man had had many chances to take him out , if that 's what he wanted to do . "
tr	NN	Plus , calling someone like you a slut would be like calling Dora the Explorer a prostitute . "
tr	NNS	Dillon touched her breasts .
tr	NNS	" We 're having twins . "
tr	NNS	His father would tell those tales just to scare him awake all night .
tr	NN	What the fuck is that sound ?
tr	NN	" Not an arrogant assassin . "
tr	NN	She made a slashing gesture with her hand .
tr	NN	Many develop a tingling sensation in the spine , chest pains , and a host of other symptoms .
tr	NN	He pulled a condom out of his pocket before he dropped the jeans to the floor .
tr	NNS	She takes a few items off the tray next to Lake 's bed and walks out of the room .
tr	NN	Maybe we should follow the advice . "
tr	NN	He grabbed a scoped rifle , walked about ten feet from the car and dropped to one knee .
tr	NNS	" Finish your greetings then go rest , sister . "
tr	NN	If her plan succeeded , it would bring a constant flood of guests .
tr	NNS	The French would send patrols to the area to check on the Indians on a regular basis .
tr	NNS	The boy asks , his breaths full of relief .
tr	NN	" Why don 't you wear a beard like the other men ? "
tr	NN	He had a tantrum and knocked over a pot of flowers .
tr	NNS	Sumner 's article far exceeded Nile 's expectations .
tr	NN	She has captured my hunger and soul alike , and I have no interest in escaping .
tr	NNS	She needed her wits about her to face the imminent wrath of Roman Steele .
tr	NN	He opened the lid .
tr	NN	President Davis signed your pardon .
tr	NN	Nicolas murmured his chant as he raced toward the door , a silent bid to the gods of his grandparents to lend wings to his feet .
tr	NN	She grabbed her extra pillow and hugged it .
tr	NNS	A foot struck his ribs .
tr	NN	The stone had a slightly pink undertone , with the veining , and texture of the stone an even deeper pink .
tr	NN	A picture window exposed the urban landscape .
tr	NN	He shot his wad without making a sound , but Candi was a professional and she knew when a man was finished .
tr	NN	Within seconds , he had a large , spiked gauntlet on each hand .
tr	NN	Privates could not take command , unless of course there was no higher ranked man left alive .
tr	NNS	Mana selected three volumes from the bookcase and looked out the window .
tr	NNS	I caught giggles and whispers somewhere to my right , and then another folded piece of paper hit my arm .
tr	NN	That 's conceding defeat isn 't it ? "
tr	NNS	Go play cards or something .
tr	NN	He suddenly has an epiphany , but wonders why such an absurd thought would enter his mind .
tr	NN	And he hasn 't attempted speech .
tr	NN	I could feel his erection throbbing against my leg , his warmth seeping through the thin fabric .
tr	NN	She 'd hit a chord with him .
tr	NN	I grabbed the waiter as he walked by and ordered ice cream and more tiramisu .
tr	NNS	Clarence quickly stepped backwards and went behind a curtain drawn behind a suit of armour .
tr	NNS	" How could they have converted our babies into war machines ?
tr	NN	He could have gotten the tool he needed by now a dozen times over , but he needed Charles to be there and do his job .
tr	NNS	" And what do you call yourselves ? "
tr	NN	He throws a napkin at my head .
tr	NN	I need an assistant . "
tr	NNS	He stood up inches away from her face .
tr	NN	Just cleaning out the muck from this one 's hooves . "
tr	NNS	" Because I wonder sometimes if you 've been leading my solutions to you all along . "
tr	NNS	Natalie took a few silent deep breaths , trying to calm her nerves .
tr	NNS	I just have a few scratches on my face .
tr	NN	He shoved furniture out of his way .
tr	NN	They had the same coloring and the same green eyes .
tr	NN	have you read howl 's moving castle ?
tr	NNS	When she raised her head from sleeping on my cheek , she had those impression marks , where my new beard had been .
tr	NNS	He shifted positions and lowered himself onto the couch because if she looked up now , she 'd run far and fast .
tr	NN	" I have had the good fortune of marrying a very powerful man .
tr	NN	The timbre of his soft , intimate voice shimmied down her spine .
tr	NNS	They brought pies and cakes , meat loaf and apple butter , until his fridge was filled with gifts of food .
tr	NNS	According to Nina , all matter has auras , including Boston mosquitoes , Phoenix cockroaches , and Tutu poop .
tr	NN	They had used protection every time they 'd made love but condoms weren 't one hundred percent effective .
tr	NN	Suddenly , in the barn , music could be heard : a jaunty little tune played on a lyre .
tr	NN	All that stored seed that never had a chance to be planted before . '
tr	NNS	He gave us all boards and Jack carried both of ours down to the water , where we all parked our stuff on two lounge chairs .
tr	NNS	Rockets blew large chunks from the building , and one missile hit the majestic white dome , collapsing the dome .
tr	NNS	She scanned the waters behind her , watching with eyes narrowed in focus as a surge pulsed toward her through the currents .
tr	NN	He uttered his command , his body hard and eager at the idea of what he was doing .
tr	NNS	We constantly exchange atoms with the universe , with the atmosphere , with food , with each other .
tr	NN	If it 's the money , I 'll double your fee . "
tr	NNS	She cut steaks from the side of beef and made a thick soup of dried peas , seasoned with chunks of ham .
tr	NNS	They were pressed firmly together from waist to knees , his muscled thighs hard and warm against hers .
tr	NN	Getting up , I can 't stop my wild pacing .
tr	NN	And she had no compulsion to spend like my first wives .
tr	NN	She clutches a handful of Ronan 's black powder and throws it over the pit .
tr	NNS	His hands are strong on my body , guiding my movements , and I 'm practically clay in his palms .
tr	NN	Wallace had recovered consciousness , but seemed unaware of what was going on .
tr	NN	I pulled my backpack forward and tugged out a box of cheerio 's .
tr	NN	Maybe I could just burn the diner down with the bodies left in it .
tr	NN	Instead , you 're doing Them a favor . "
tr	NN	Never before had such a simple task been so difficult .
tr	NNS	" You 've filed reports .
tr	NN	" Zoe , " she heard a familiar voice shout from across the café .
tr	NNS	She rechecked the figures again .
tr	NNS	We need all our wits about us . "
tr	NN	Slade tabled the topic for a later discussion when she was off guard .
tr	NN	But you 've got the pen up now , right ? "
tr	NNS	They had five subjects who could not be accounted for .
tr	NNS	I flicked some candles to life and , concentrating on my left hand , began to practice .
tr	NN	He charged up a darkened staircase and emerged at a security entrance .
tr	NNS	Taking a deep breath , he reordered his senses .
tr	NNS	If they die , or their return is delayed till past Three Moons ' Night , you are denied three powerful magi . "
tr	NN	As a result , we have always enjoyed a much higher rate of survival and healthiness in births than the mundane population .
tr	NNS	I have contacts among people who run Houston 's underworld . "
tr	NNS	She didn 't pass any judgments on him at all .
tr	NNS	Patrick likes clean carpets . "
tr	NNS	At a quick glance , Colton saw building blueprints and what looked like molecular diagrams .
tr	NN	Of sliding in and out of her body over and over until they both screamed out their release in unison .
tr	NNS	Marc had definitely left gaps in his story about his past with his niece .
tr	NN	We can take the patch off now .
tr	NNS	That made his ribs worse and his head pounded like it was being crushed .
tr	NN	Then CLEO took command .
tr	NN	Laurence made an involuntary startled gesture after him , useless and absurd , and then dropped his arm , sorry to have so betrayed himself .
tr	NN	She 'd achieved release so many times that when he 'd finally eased from bed , she 'd been asleep before he 'd fully left the chamber .
tr	NN	You get the rope and things , and I 'll get the food .
tr	NNS	He breaks off cans to toss to the other boys and then collapses back next to me , utterly relaxed .
tr	NNS	The relief in her voice spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	And they 'll give Cray a billion bucks in punitive in a civil suit .
tr	NN	The old man threw his cloth onto the table .
tr	NNS	I owe a man a few bucks , that 's all .
tr	NN	He ignored her plea , instead staring at the monitors , a thoughtful expression on his face .
tr	NN	He brought the rifle up to his shoulder as he span round to face in the direction of the noise .
tr	NNS	" Your father and I have relentlessly questioned Michael 's motives .
tr	NN	When I do , will I have respect ; she decided to take up the challenge .
tr	NNS	" Very well then , gentlemen -- it doesn 't matter to me . "
tr	NN	Leopold ripped open an alcohol patch and swabbed Erin 's arm , then used another for Jordan 's .
tr	NNS	As far as I was concerned , this dog had some serious trust issues .
tr	NN	The teacher had devised an experiment to test the students to determine how many of them knew how to type .
tr	NNS	Peyton kicked off her sandals and sat next to me , lowering her feet in the water .
tr	NNS	I don 't have lovers ... I don 't have one now .
tr	NN	He had oxygen equipment because he would free-fall to ten thousand feet before opening the chute .
tr	NNS	She 'd been out running errands that morning and had noticed something different about the house the moment she walked through the door .
tr	NNS	I was delivering supplies to the front , and I saw the war with my own eyes .
tr	NNS	He finds four calling cards in the front pocket of the cover and takes two for himself .
tr	NNS	The map put out by the ministry showed three other sites on Cedar Lake " They 're all empty . "
tr	NN	" You did well my lord .
tr	NN	We will take possession of the combat androids stowed in the armory .
tr	NN	Determination to stop her steels my resolve .
tr	NNS	If you believe as we do , this gift will hold magical powers . "
tr	NN	" I loved that painting .
tr	NN	That region might make good farmland if I could get rid of all the water . '
tr	NN	From there he could see lush jungles stretch across the land all the way to the white shores that outlined the island .
tr	NNS	" I have contacts at the Great Library .
tr	NN	" Yeah , I 'm getting that impression .
tr	NN	Looking into my mother 's eyes , I vowed vengeance after seeing her hatred and anger towards me .
tr	NNS	We will have other opportunities to talk . "
tr	NN	Something Fang had predicted , that smart little bugger .
tr	NN	" I had a burger for lunch .
tr	NNS	I doubt your chances of locating it are any better than Sylvia Day - Bad Boys Ahoy !
tr	NN	Probably just wants privacy . "
tr	NNS	I would face the vultures out there .
tr	NN	I need a cocktail of caffeine and nicotine to balance my system . ' '
tr	NN	For him , being positive and being bereft of negativity had different meaning .
tr	NN	He bent at the waist , hovering over me , his mouth brushed my earlobe .
tr	NNS	She 'd been pushing her abilities just about as far as they would go for the last couple of days .
tr	NN	He set the brake on the stroller by a looming marble angel .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	I had no expectations or experience to water them down . "
tr	NN	Without a word he handed each of us a needle and lots of orange string .
tr	NN	" Without proof ? "
tr	NN	Shane tossed the clock onto the table , pulled the lock loose and tossed that too .
tr	NNS	In the van Kaitlyn made and passed out peanut butter sandwiches .
tr	NNS	Who did not have issues with their families ?
tr	NN	She caught the slightest glimpse of her clad in a beige bra and matching panties .
tr	NNS	I unraveled harsh equations , But the lights went when I 'd won .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen so many miracles here , but this topped them all .
tr	NN	He might not be exhibiting the same outward manifestation , but she shook him , too , to the core .
tr	NNS	Ansel retreated several paces , boots crunching over the dry ground .
tr	NN	He gave her a casual shrug of indifference .
tr	NN	Everyone owed her a favor and she wasn 't shy about collecting .
tr	NNS	" According to the fisherman , who wishes to remain anonymous , he found the remains in a cove about six miles south of Negril . "
tr	NN	The Watermark Hotel operated by the same company represented contemporary version of The La Mansion with five star excellence .
tr	NN	When he grabbed her hand , he felt her pulse leap .
tr	NNS	I have no doubts about what I 'm about to do .
tr	NN	" Forget it , " Adonis said , " I don 't want the waiter to think I 'm a complainer . "
tr	NN	Michael studied the staircase below them , trying to see where it ended .
tr	NN	I had the sudden urge to run away and offer up my usual sarcastic humor to hide myself from the world .
tr	NN	I sensed too much , the numbness I craved every weekend absent , my hands and mind frantic as I tore at Lisa to get her closer .
tr	NN	Winston had a reputation for doing anything and everything he could to accomplish his goals , without the slightest thought of consequences or remorse .
tr	NNS	" He has speed and other powers not of normal men . "
tr	NN	He bit back a groan .
tr	NN	" He has potential . "
tr	NN	Rick added a menacing glare .
tr	NNS	She paced the hallways , walked up and down the bright corridors , seeing nothing .
tr	NN	He mopped up the spill as his heart sank .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't tell the twins apart from the back .
tr	NNS	Jude danced the last few yards into the end zone , shaking and shimmying in those gold spandex pants , eliciting an uptick in the female hollering .
tr	NN	With a flurry of busyness she removed her apron and brushed crusts and crumbs from the table onto the floor .
tr	NNS	A series of buttons gave out critical data and measurements .
tr	NN	He checked the glowing dial of his watch .
tr	NNS	~ I ran my palms down the front of my black pencil skirt .
tr	NN	I could feel the ticking clock , almost see the look on Mr. Solomon 's face and hear him say well done .
tr	NN	And I 'll just ask our butler , Jeeves , to bring ' round your smoking jacket and a spot of tea . "
tr	NNS	I 'll handle your samples and the results personally , and send them to the lab under fictitious names . "
tr	NNS	Davidson bet two dollars -- five was our limit -- and the cards went round again .
tr	NN	It 's like riding a bicycle . "
tr	NN	Walking to the window , she swished around a mouthful and spat it out .
tr	NNS	In that time , Josh had developed his own suspicions .
tr	NN	Pandora would never cause harm to one in the Coven , especially Willow , the youngest and only First in the Southwick Coven .
tr	NNS	" Woman 's got skills , Ab .
tr	NNS	He tossed out the napkins when we passed a trash bin .
tr	NNS	Diego nudged her thighs apart and found her still as ready for him as he was for her .
tr	NN	" I can manipulate electricity . "
tr	NNS	" Did you hear the wolves ? "
tr	NN	" I can suggest a different attitude .
tr	NNS	Sometimes I have nightmares , especially when the therapist makes me dig really deep into my hidden thoughts .
tr	NN	I can still feel the tingling in my fingers , and I have to wonder if anyone has ever felt this way after first meeting someone .
tr	NN	The people I represented didn 't move the needle on the public interest meter .
tr	NN	I had one agenda and one only and it was completely selfish .
tr	NNS	It took ten pounding swings of the axe before Marc was able to completely severe the arm .
tr	NNS	Fresh dents in the woodwork .
tr	NNS	" We don 't have chairs , so you 'll have to sit on these . "
tr	NNS	I left Ethan 's apartments and closed the door behind me .
tr	NN	A cold shiver ran down John 's spine .
tr	NN	Maeve kept the pistol raised and steady .
tr	NN	Against his better judgment , Hugh tugged her nearer .
tr	NN	The sergeant drew his dagger and slit the woman 's throat .
tr	NN	I lifted the metal lid and saw only a notebook sitting there in the bottom of the box .
tr	NN	He grabs a handful of chips from a bag on the table .
tr	NN	Placing a meaty hand on my shoulder , Randy gives it a squeeze .
tr	NN	He yelled up the staircase .
tr	NN	He took the advice and instead settled for his second favorite toy ; my old cane .
tr	NN	Colette quickly scanned the menu and decided on the grilled salmon with mango salsa .
tr	NN	I do have a proposition for you .
tr	NN	said the chaplain , awoken from reverie .
tr	NN	It made a low growl in its throat and shot into a darkened corner of the room .
tr	NNS	I don 't date carpets . "
tr	NN	Only her , Holiday , the other camp leader , and the two men , occupied the dining hal .
tr	NN	He gave Charles a pat and urged them ahead .
tr	NN	We thanked the waiter , and I picked up my fork and knife and cut into my chicken .
tr	NN	You don 't need a swimsuit .
tr	NN	They condemn any speculation at once .
tr	NN	As they did so both observers scanned the cockpit .
tr	NNS	" Mia , I 'm serious , don 't leave the buildings ! "
tr	NNS	She heard birds up in a tree ... baby birds .
tr	NNS	Unlike the others , it had no markings .
tr	NNS	And something not real couldn 't set fires .
tr	NNS	As long as they aren 't placing blame on him for their children 's shortcomings , he 'll follow the regulations .
tr	NN	The words accompanied the rasp of a pistol hammer being cocked .
tr	NN	But then I remembered my quest to get to know Fort Ord .
tr	NNS	" We have cameras set up around the administrative and manufacturing areas , and regular patrols in the residential quarters .
tr	NN	To his embarrassment , Jeff felt his manhood starting to swell in response to Robinson 's stare .
tr	NNS	Had the Invictus somehow bypassed all his security measures and invaded the castle ?
tr	NNS	He always did have impressive talents .
tr	NN	I canna quite ken tae such a thing .
tr	NN	His hand gave me a squeeze and he repeated , " He will not best me . "
tr	NNS	They point their Canon cameras at us and their Sony video cameras and they take pictures .
tr	NNS	This morning she chose a pretty yellow sundress with little straps on the shoulders .
tr	NN	Kelly handed her a napkin and pointed to her mouth .
tr	NNS	At last the clock slipped past eleven , and I padded upstairs to my room .
tr	NN	Lily had a sinking sensation in her gut .
tr	NNS	She threw back the covers and said , " Let 's go get your sister and see if we can find some breakfast . "
tr	NNS	She 'd bought drugs last summer , but that involved secret passwords and back-alley deals .
tr	NN	But no one in the Council living today has encountered such a philosophy .
tr	NNS	The creatures inside , were making plaintive noises , wailing and screaming , as usual .
tr	NN	She smiled her joy and held her arms out .
tr	NN	Wake the fuck up . "
tr	NN	I forced a shrug .
tr	NNS	" Drop the shields , Tam . "
tr	NNS	I turned the pages , reminiscing .
tr	NNS	And throwing around money like that could have dangerous repercussions .
tr	NN	One of the drawers held jewelry .
tr	NNS	Since I had left , I 'd only heard bits and scraps of what was happening on my home world .
tr	NN	" I violated your privacy .
tr	NNS	Fresh home-grown vegetables and fruit . "
tr	NNS	A trickster would explain the funny reports Vinnie had picked up , but I didn 't know that it explained Joseph 's missing wolves .
tr	NNS	By contrast Bruce and Jolene both ate their entire meals .
tr	NN	Owen wouldn 't hurt anybody . "
tr	NN	The chanting reached a rhythmic crescendo as Rachel jerked in an almost erotic but spastic dance .
tr	NN	" That is why they are Gods , they have infinite patience . "
tr	NNS	Side tables bore vases of flowers , and a Bach cello sonata rang softly through the air .
tr	NNS	" You mean Eris ?
tr	NN	Halfway down the stairs he could now make out the twisted maze of walkways attached to the underside of the Goya .
tr	NNS	He paid them a hundred bucks each .
tr	NN	When she 'd been staring up at the hotel , she hadn 't even noticed the balcony .
tr	NN	Why couldn 't she have developed a liking to silver rather than be allergic to it ?
tr	NN	That would certainly explain her father 's misery , although I didn 't understand why he hadn 't just grabbed Shannon and run .
tr	NNS	The moment I walked through the door , I threw myself into bed , pulled the covers over my head , and slept .
tr	NNS	Volunteers are handing out Styrofoam cups full of hot cider and paper bags filled with hot nuts .
tr	NN	I held back a groan .
tr	NN	Sitting through the meeting had wreaked havoc on the ghost of a Band-Aid covering his own childhood skeletons .
tr	NNS	He has given five million dollars for her release .
tr	NNS	" You mean the recent reports from the paper ? "
tr	NN	Ethan hurried to the bedside table , pulled open the drawer .
tr	NNS	At a loss for anything else to do , he made soothing noises as she cried .
tr	NN	Time to put my learning to good use - and pray it 's not too late .
tr	NN	I 'm not curing cancer .
tr	NN	' They might give you some advice though . '
tr	NNS	Angel cooked meals on a semiannual basis back home .
tr	NN	The visibly exhausted server who managed to smile ; a real smile , not a fake , wince inducing one .
tr	NN	I hauled butt down the hall to an awaiting Callum , complete with both our bags , packed and ready .
tr	NNS	They were both ten in the photograph , blowing out birthday candles .
tr	NNS	His eyes played tricks on him ; he looked so high as his body slowly rotated , and quickly dropped .
tr	NN	She hadn 't even approached the topic of this latest misadventure with Colin to her family and she didn 't relish the idea .
tr	NN	Elijah ran down the hill towards a single tree next the road .
tr	NN	The candle suddenly flared back alight .
tr	NNS	She was washing the dishes when Drake strolled into the kitchen , his own steps as silent as those of the cat .
tr	NN	Discussion of engagement rings sent a prickling down his spine like St. Elmo 's Fire crackling through the airplane .
tr	NN	Sybil gave this deep consideration .
tr	NN	She knew every detail . "
tr	NN	With a tiger licking my face and Tracy petting the tiger and saying " there , there , " I lost consciousness .
tr	NNS	As he scampered toward the bathroom , I checked my pockets for mine .
tr	NN	I stood and felt a little dizzy but managed to stay upright .
tr	NN	She was eyeing up her visitor in a tired manner .
tr	NNS	> he asked the Crows .
tr	NN	He took the bolt in his hand by the iron tip and let out a deep breath .
tr	NN	" He borrowed a motorcycle from the head of the city 's vampire clan and he flew it to the boat .
tr	NN	She 'd lost the only worldly possession that mattered : a lifetime 's worth of medical research that had been entrusted into her care .
tr	NN	Courtney grabbed a banana from the basket .
tr	NNS	Their bodies were pressed together , their faces inches apart .
tr	NN	Her hands skirted his hip until she leaned over to taste his skin there .
tr	NN	Chloe opened her closet .
tr	NNS	His two razor-sharp fangs protruded six inches from his top jaw .
tr	NNS	They had bigger issues than forgotten proposals .
tr	NN	Then , slowly , he faced the piano and lifted his hands .
tr	NNS	They usually tore their adult victims to shreds , but the children were abducted , never to be seen again .
tr	NNS	Local National Guard and military forces are organizing responses for when they reach land .
tr	NN	But as you will see , I have performed my duty and given what you seek . "
tr	NN	After he backed onto the street , Niles searched along the row of hedges but didn 't see her .
tr	NNS	Apparently you conducted yourselves as such , having no hesitation about sharing a bed . "
tr	NNS	Matthew and Edward , Catrina 's husband , walked a few paces behind the chatting women , taking in the view .
tr	NNS	Burns was silent a few breaths .
tr	NN	Which eyeball don 't you need ? '
tr	NN	A raider examines the equipment : " That 's a scanner for the brain digitization , and those look like furnaces . "
tr	NN	She watched the apple juice spread out in a golden stain , the pattern particularly odd , almost like the yawning jaws of a wolf .
tr	NN	Reaching forward , I gently place my fingertip on the cut .
tr	NN	Extra guards meant extra guard duty for Amy , Charlie , Laura and Jo .
tr	NNS	" But we must see your abilities under high stress . "
tr	NN	" You seek counsel .
tr	NN	" What language are you speaking ? "
tr	NNS	I 'd merely package the meals and freeze them for another time .
tr	NNS	Miss Level juggled balls that stopped and reversed direction in mid-air .
tr	NN	Emma put her empty champagne flute on a server tray passing by and nodded .
tr	NNS	" Does Julian have the same powers as you ? "
tr	NN	With barely a word exchanged between them , they walked a block of Brook Street along with all the other evening revellers heading for Grosvenor Square .
tr	NN	She ate her bagel slowly , with a grace rarely seen in these days of fast food and stuffed faces .
tr	NN	At zero , he punched the actual mode , and the vibration worsened for a few moments before subsiding and finally stopping .
tr	NN	When Sabine put her foot on the first stair , it gave a long , low groan .
tr	NNS	" Aisha says millions just on speculation .
tr	NN	I rewound the tape and played back the call .
tr	NNS	Beth was following first-aid directions from the computer .
tr	NN	I like my privacy , okay ? "
tr	NN	Ava chose a little cafe across the river .
tr	NN	Nora scares the crap out of most people .
tr	NNS	Ice plucked the sausages from the skillet and set them on a paper towel covered plate .
tr	NN	A chill runs down my spine .
tr	NN	Even though , every time she looked at him with those big stormy eyes , he experienced a desperate urge to hand her the world .
tr	NNS	I don 't give up Shifters to humans , Warden , and neither do my wolves . "
tr	NN	" You 've never met a code you couldn 't break .
tr	NN	Go and do your task , even though you know it 's wrong . "
tr	NN	Obviously Nic hadn 't gotten the top secret memo .
tr	NNS	He pulled back the covers , plumped the pillows into a mound , and reclined against them , waiting .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't doubted the twins before , but this thoroughly confirmed their story .
tr	NN	" I 'd have given her my college fund if I could 've . "
tr	NN	We just climb down the duct and get on the plane . "
tr	NNS	Alexander grazed his fangs over my neck , sending me into wild giggles .
tr	NN	Somewhere in this great echoing fortress , my mother is playing piano .
tr	NN	" She 's having a seizure . "
tr	NNS	From the look on his face , he heard the pounding beats .
tr	NNS	And we 've destroyed the labs . '
tr	NN	Eagle feathers hanging behind his head denoted his rank .
tr	NNS	" Why are they hitting convenience stores ? "
tr	NN	The very thought of his sister in pain sent the lust away .
tr	NN	And when I remembered that , a little cold trickle started down my spine .
tr	NNS	You have faced two losses whereas I have only faced one .
tr	NN	I pulled the mouthpiece near my lips and said , " Guys ?
tr	NN	Daniel climbed over the railing and , without looking for the fence , jumped the entire way down , at least ten feet .
tr	NN	I had never eaten ice cream as breakfast before and I needed to do it more often .
tr	NNS	Out of all of us , only a couple are taking the same classes .
tr	NN	" Tori , I would dearly love another muffin , if you wouldn 't mind . "
tr	NN	To watch her tuck a strand of her hair behind her ear .
tr	NNS	The dozen or so vikings in front of me went all sorts of wide eyed .
tr	NN	We still have a mortal among us !
tr	NNS	I turned , spying Solos in the doorway .
tr	NN	With his back to her , he removed the condom .
tr	NNS	" My uncle and my father had different fathers .
tr	NN	That left the assumption that Mary was married .
tr	NNS	I touched my knives , hidden beneath my skirt , but they couldn 't help from this distance .
tr	NN	He gave her hand a tight squeeze .
tr	NNS	Pale moonlight illuminated the open areas of the ground below his window .
tr	NN	" What proof do you think that woman had ? "
tr	NN	Misha had the solar umbrella already propped over the sub , recharging the batteries .
tr	NN	What would the Others consider a betrayal ?
tr	NNS	She had doubts that she could even stretch enough to accommodate his size , but she planned to die of pleasure trying if she had to .
tr	NN	" She does not wish it , " the demon squeaked his defiance .
tr	NN	At the elevator , he waited impatiently for visitors to unload , then worked the cart inside .
tr	NN	Go on into Watertown ; buy a fuckin ' burger or something .
tr	NN	And then Ricky made an announcement .
tr	NN	Ho , heave , ho , hoist up the jolly flag .
tr	NN	Perhaps she shouldn 't be alone in a shadowy cave the first time she made this leap .
tr	NNS	Streamers of fading light highlighted the waving grasses of the plains .
tr	NNS	As soon as he stepped back , she threw off the covers .
tr	NNS	Afternoon sunlight glittered off helmets .
tr	NNS	So I got reports from Grams and from everyone else .
tr	NNS	Deckard 's eyes swept the new surroundings .
tr	NN	He still had no inkling of the source of her mother 's poison and if Catherine ... .
tr	NNS	Many questions concerned supplies and weapons .
tr	NNS	We shall need two spears and a cloak .
tr	NNS	Below the sheets , I pressed my fingernails into my palm , finding it stopped the tears from welling .
tr	NN	She found her resistance wavering ; intimidated and excited by the clarity of his prevailing want of her .
tr	NNS	I didn 't take drugs , even if they were only pain pills .
tr	NN	" I assure you , I have absolutely no artistic talent .
tr	NNS	Only the constant recruitment of new souls from the barrens kept their numbers from dwindling away to nothing .
tr	NNS	I 'll tell the girls ' fathers what you 've said . "
tr	NN	I cursed my ill fortune and lack of personal control .
tr	NN	She had another rope hidden in those sleeves !
tr	NNS	The collision pushed him a critical few inches forward , and his hips were free .
tr	NN	Give me some credit , Parker .
tr	NN	When he leaves , I grab the cart of books to re -- shelve .
tr	NNS	Draven flashed her fangs .
tr	NN	" Why don 't we have a tankard of ale ? "
tr	NN	And the boy who went to juvie wasn 't returning the favor .
tr	NNS	" I have to hand it to you , Chuck , " Ed said , " You always did the best stunts . "
tr	NN	The guard examined the artifact with a confused expression .
tr	NN	She opened the fridge and the cupboards and started gathering all the ingredients .
tr	NN	" Yes , I have an appointment .
tr	NN	Badly rattled from the blow I fought the urge to stay down and recover .
tr	NNS	The people working top secret jobs in this region shared certain facilities as budget savers .
tr	NN	He skims the cream off the top of every herd that comes over the mountains .
tr	NNS	They could jump off their canoes a few feet from shore , and drag or carry the canoe up over the rocks and onto the shore .
tr	NN	" When did you make the oath with Roy ? "
tr	NNS	And she 'd undoubtedly find excuses for doing them .
tr	NN	Ice pictured the glimpse he 'd caught of Nesbitt , brandishing the bloody knife .
tr	NN	I took a sponge bath , brushed my teeth in a bowl .
tr	NNS	The guys grabbed their backpacks and we headed down the narrow , treed path .
tr	NN	The segment stars a damned -- literally -- flashy actor ( Terence Stamp ) who 's relentlessly pursued by a demonic little girl .
tr	NN	Adara felt the searing of heat , and a shudder went through the ice dragon as the flames played along its belly .
tr	NNS	We can take the back roads , like we used to .
tr	NNS	If I tried to climb into the cab through the broken window , he 'd blow my brains out .
tr	NN	I scrape my fingernail down the side of the black iron table .
tr	NNS	Sadi carefully measured two drops of the purple medication into a cup of water and stirred the mixture with his finger .
tr	NNS	She thinks back to the moment she attempted to kill herself , she only remembers fragments .
tr	NNS	I give Ginger directions to the student center .
tr	NNS	It will numb his gums . "
tr	NNS	I could leave references for you , if you want .
tr	NNS	" Maybe I 'm not having visions because the Gemini has already won . "
tr	NN	Yep , definitely a tooth .
tr	NN	Must find another venue to explore that wet frisson .
tr	NN	Unless you want to lose out to a guy like that , you 'd better change your tune before it 's too late .
tr	NN	You 're not giving a concert now . "
tr	NNS	' Stop it you two , for once don 't show me you 've got issues .
tr	NN	Mack held the infant against his shoulder , gently rubbing her back .
tr	NNS	Why would the two of us have microphones in our chips ?
tr	NNS	I 'm having major guy issues , and I want to drown my sorrows . "
tr	NN	He picked up the Russian pistol from where it had fallen and , after checking the safety , shoved it into the holster .
tr	NN	He had never seen combat and yet he was proud of his career .
tr	NNS	She kicks off her sandals and rubs her bare feet with her hands .
tr	NNS	I always counsel my clients on diving in too fast , just in case .
tr	NNS	" Accept my apologies .
tr	NN	Instead it found the photo frame ; Weston tilted his wife down so she would not see .
tr	NN	I grabbed my cart and caught up with her .
tr	NNS	We 've still got four beers to go . "
tr	NNS	It showed buildings about four miles ahead .
tr	NNS	I 've got hormones .
tr	NN	" John 's ego doesn 't tolerate defeat , so we can expect them back .
tr	NN	Did he regret his earlier confession ?
tr	NNS	Winning football championships equals huge financial donations and probably kickbacks , too .
tr	NN	I learned my lesson with Alyssa .
tr	NN	" This is what our spy was able to get , " Pruitt showed Ezekiel Tanner the video sent by cell phone .
tr	NN	We finally arrive at the cabin as twilight sets in , graying the mountain range and forest .
tr	NN	He checked his altitude again .
tr	NN	" At home I have a cop outfit , a harem girl costume and a Playboy Bunny teddy . "
tr	NN	" Now put your other boot beside it .
tr	NN	He swiped his cap off his head and ran his fingers through his hair .
tr	NN	I want her knuckles to grind together , crack and crumble .
tr	NNS	He loves jokes and almost is never serious .
tr	NNS	I heard noises above me but my eyes blatantly refused to show their colors .
tr	NNS	I have some errands to see to .
tr	NN	Take a bath in my room .
tr	NN	" Yeah , well , she does have protection already . "
tr	NNS	I had some supplies left in my pack , and there was vending machine crap in the beginning .
tr	NN	If we are , I 'll get my umbrella . "
tr	NNS	She knew the basics , but none of the research helped her .
tr	NN	Standing , he swiped up the handful of notes and coins he 'd won in the game and folded them neatly .
tr	NNS	Mr Johnson sends his apologies and says he has to work tonight and so can 't come to the dance .
tr	NN	" OK , I got the e-mail .
tr	NNS	You 've seen the turrets they 've got out there , shooting down everything that moves -- wings or no wings . '
tr	NNS	The sidekick shattered ribs - driving some partially out the shapeshifter 's back .
tr	NN	Then I 'd read the tuition and swept them into the trash can , along with the local paper and whatever other crap had come that day .
tr	NN	" Has the update from the mainframe taken effect ? "
tr	NN	He practically snatches the pen out of my hand to sign .
tr	NN	And recognized the red gown .
tr	NNS	Gareth kept his fears to himself .
tr	NNS	Lucien still battled fits of despair , and yet they came less and less frequently .
tr	NN	" He had proof when he called us , Claire . "
tr	NNS	" We 'll hand out the pamphlets and be on our way . "
tr	NN	Then she found a tiny vial of clear liquid that could have been holy water but she understood was a potion .
tr	NNS	A torrent of recriminations was heaped onto Tessa 's head ; all her past sins , all her shortcomings as a daughter and as a woman .
tr	NNS	He had two settings when he was angry : silence or sarcasm .
tr	NN	" This dog doesn 't have an owner , " Officer Wilson informed her , " and we 've had complaints .
tr	NN	" Like I said , " she whispers in my ear , her teeth grazing my lobe .
tr	NN	The caffeine buzz temporarily alleviated the depression as he thought to himself , " I 'm sick of this town .
tr	NNS	" Actors make the perfect clients .
tr	NNS	To my mind , modern life just offers too many numbers that we 're supposed to keep track of .
tr	NNS	She took the cup Iona held out , took two deep swallows as she watched Iona over the rim .
tr	NNS	Families spent weekends on the road , visiting campuses and talking to admissions counselors and trying to find the perfect fit .
tr	NNS	At the sight of the beasts momentarily dropped defenses the pale light of the dragon 's eyes kindled a briefly brighter spark .
tr	NNS	Meandering two lane roads .
tr	NN	Neil reached around the sofa and pulled a blanket over her shoulders .
tr	NN	In moments the big sedan departed the tarmac .
tr	NN	Combined with the foresight I already had , it made my talent in that area formidable .
tr	NNS	And by reading , I mean novels and fiction stuff .
tr	NN	She opened the jar and , despite the smell , began applying the ointment to the ugly yellow bruises on her legs .
tr	NNS	I upped my fireballs as he ran , faster than some eyes could keep up with , to get to where the main battle was taking place .
tr	NN	She felt his growl against her mouth and it set off a deep thud of arousal low in her belly .
tr	NNS	The Pack had scented a deer and that was a fine meal to chase on a moonlit night .
tr	NNS	Paul defended his actions .
tr	NN	The contact he makes with my skin gives me an involuntary shudder .
tr	NNS	It gives me the creeps just thinking about it . "
tr	NN	We await the laird to question him . "
tr	NN	In answer , she prints out some extra receipt paper from the register , grabs a pen a writes down her address .
tr	NN	Fitch had quite a collection of medical records , but nothing so far that might turn a verdict .
tr	NN	The boy , his panic subsumed by the joy of pins , was holding his new acquisition up to the light .
tr	NN	He would have his revenge .
tr	NNS	The Slavs have fierce protectors , and their young men are expected to fight alongside the Rus warriors and learn their fighting methods .
tr	NNS	Why don 't you just pop the plates into the microwave for a couple of minutes ? "
tr	NNS	He spreads my thighs even farther and flattens them against his hips .
tr	NNS	The middle-aged woman standing directly in front of her tossed three pairs of lacy thong panties onto the sales counter with a defiant air .
tr	NN	Buddy got a towel and cleaned up the mess on the floor .
tr	NNS	She 'd never sensed such ruthlessness , such raw savagery ... ever .
tr	NN	I sat up a little straighter and met her eyes .
tr	NN	The moment it struck the man , light bathed the small shaft with an orange glow .
tr	NNS	She removed the layers of bandages from her palm .
tr	NN	" RIC twelve eight reporting on flank " .
tr	NNS	In the yard , she could see blackened pools , reflecting the ebony above .
tr	NNS	She wrapped all the supplies with Remington in the canopy and wasted no time in hoisting the bundle up through the hole .
tr	NN	I lift a sofa with Tyson and Sam sitting on it with one hand .
tr	NNS	" We 're both consenting adults .
tr	NN	Astrid cut his mirth short with a blow to the belly .
tr	NN	He had a reputation for being an animal .
tr	NNS	I smelled roses before I turned to find the cloaked figure of the Goddess .
tr	NN	He shook his head mentally , ignoring the voice again .
tr	NN	He faced the massive structure of the main building and its two wings .
tr	NN	He swung the jeep into the school driveway just as the home bell rang .
tr	NN	When cleaning dishes , he preferred a sponge instead of a washcloth .
tr	NN	He had committed a great sin in allowing her to become attached to him ; his penance was to see how she suffered for it .
tr	NNS	I was seeing the benefits of having a kind of like boyfriend who was centuries old .
tr	NN	But the reality made his jaw sag .
tr	NNS	Before the other two men in the patrol could retreat or call for backup , both took shots in the chest and dropped with pained cries .
tr	NN	A small lift of Malcolm 's lip expressed his disgust .
tr	NN	One struck her thigh , below the hem of the skirt of plated leather straps hanging from her belt .
tr	NN	She wrapped a towel around her and went into the bedroom to find something to sleep in .
tr	NN	The friction made her groan as the feelings immediately started again , just as intense as the first time .
tr	NNS	Jake 's eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	NNS	" You have strong thighs and are very , um , handsome . "
tr	NN	Let 's take a vote . "
tr	NNS	It only took four smoke canisters to cover the area leaving them in a cloud of unforeseen confusion .
tr	NNS	I also have some bunny slippers .
tr	NN	I 'm cleaning out the fridge . "
tr	NN	His hands swept up and down her spine and paused long enough to give her behind a quick squeeze .
tr	NN	About twelve miles up the ridge , you should see Crawford 's Pass .
tr	NNS	Would the baby have her freckles ?
tr	NNS	" I 've got about a dozen DVDs filled with information . "
tr	NN	He flipped the last green morsel towards the second filly foal standing farthest away .
tr	NNS	I stared daggers at the back of his head and his laughter echoed around the cove .
tr	NN	She knew that code well .
tr	NNS	We worked up about a dozen experimental models and ran some marketing surveys and decided not to go ahead with the line . "
tr	NN	Rena picked up the pen and started to doodle on a piece of paper .
tr	NN	Madeline was already removing a crowbar from her pack .
tr	NN	A few moments later , Jackson put down his pen and looked up , saying , " Well , I 've read your report , Mr. Dawson .
tr	NN	His chest cinched , full of longing for her , proof of how powerfully he felt .
tr	NN	When she didn 't find Callie after a stroll through all the downstairs rooms , she climbed the central staircase to the second floor .
tr	NNS	Johnnie kissed Jess , and she fought back with her tongue .
tr	NNS	We were headed opposite directions , so one of us would need to dash down to catch it .
tr	NN	Kate put down the cage and greeted both dogs .
tr	NNS	" Psi talents ? "
tr	NNS	I 've had enough grief from your legal department to last me a lifetime . "
tr	NN	" I get the impression you 're thinking something up there in that beautiful head .
tr	NN	His hand absently ran down her spine and back up again .
tr	NNS	Before the pancakes , he had eaten two plates of eggs , heaping piles of bacon , toast and a huge bowl of fruit .
tr	NNS	What he did in the next moments , he knew , would have repercussions that would echo throughout the Realm .
tr	NN	He dropped his fork and leaned back in his chair .
tr	NN	The Horde will take the offering and move on .
tr	NN	He who inflicts punishment on the world and the luminaries .
tr	NNS	Jolene watched her gauges closely as they rescued the two army rangers .
tr	NN	" Dammit , you must have some faith in her judgment .
tr	NNS	Maybe I should take classes with you . "
tr	NN	The last of the delegates had disappeared down the ramp and George folded away his paper .
tr	NN	I 'd rather not have tears freezing in my beard . "
tr	NNS	She stops spinning and stares at me , confused .
tr	NNS	He released ten thousand breaths and answered in a nanosecond .
tr	NN	Stunned by how he came to that conclusion , I lowered the towel .
tr	NN	He died a hero .
tr	NN	" Did we make tomorrows deadline ? "
tr	NN	Still , she offered no resistance .
tr	NN	He kissed her temple , inhaling her sweet scent .
tr	NNS	Micah and I rode the inner tubes .
tr	NNS	Scared of increased conflict with the British , they built tunnels under their house for an easy escape .
tr	NNS	My actions triggered these most recent complications to our already severed relationship .
tr	NNS	" Apparently , Charlotte 's been having early contractions .
tr	NN	" Good night my wonderful Zora . "
tr	NN	She deserved a loyal , brave knight who saw her for what she was and did not fear her .
tr	NN	I heard a muffled shout and tried to open my eyes , but they were too heavy .
tr	NN	" I know the phrase from my days as a gamekeeper .
tr	NN	I 'm sending a cruiser to pick you up .
tr	NNS	So why did humans get so many chances ?
tr	NN	He tipped his cap and nodded his consent .
tr	NN	We have no other option but to send you . "
tr	NN	People threw candy at us , as we practically ran down the aisle .
tr	NNS	I can put out the small fires and leave the big ones to you .
tr	NNS	The reporters ' eyes followed the envelopes back and forth , a pack of dogs salivating over some unknown delicacy .
tr	NNS	If my dad was a god , he would have had godlike powers . "
tr	NN	Alexa watched sheer agony ripple over his face .
tr	NN	Shinichi fel facedown onto the dirt .
tr	NNS	Why would she make excuses for what Trevor had done to her ?
tr	NNS	' You 've met my folks , when am I going to meet yours ? '
tr	NN	He might prove an obedient tool after all .
tr	NN	" I see no humor in this .
tr	NN	The two rented a golf cart , which was customary transportation on the island .
tr	NN	In his gaze she saw the realization , the hurt , but there was nothing that she could do to ease it .
tr	NN	I see the gleam of a small train car , far away now but approaching fast .
tr	NN	We 'll have the package delivered by nightfall .
tr	NNS	Although in Reacher 's experience an MP5 set to fire bursts of three sounded more innocent than a rifle firing single shots .
tr	NN	Thank goodness he didn 't ask again if she really wanted this .
tr	NNS	I know your desires and fears before they have even made themselves known to you .
tr	NNS	I 'll see pointy fangs instead of teeth , claws instead of fingers , soulless eyes that will reflect my horror back to me .
tr	NN	She would be riding the wagon with Andrew and the others .
tr	NN	She rubbed the knuckles on her left hand , where the sharp sting of arthritis jolted her .
tr	NN	Altair was recalling the same encounter .
tr	NNS	Captain Harcourt , undoubtedly Bonaparte will reserve some dragons for defense ; your task is to keep those defenders occupied as best you can . "
tr	NN	Only the Redwood Forests of his world could hold a candle to them .
tr	NNS	They were missing their Surface hearts , but it wasn 't as if I could tell them I had twenty extras just around the corner .
tr	NNS	The levers had ancient , tarnished labels riveted to a weathered wooden control board .
tr	NNS	" We warned the families by the school and are moving them all up to the recreation center .
tr	NNS	They made arrangements yesterday for a small service this afternoon at the funeral home 's chapel .
tr	NNS	Jason considered the turbulent coastal waters .
tr	NNS	Some crew members sneered and shouted insults at Mac for running for the escape pods .
tr	NN	She got a new mermaid Barbie and it 's not even her birthday or anything ! "
tr	NN	And I would repay the favor .
tr	NN	His uniform , special as it was , held a magical bubble around his tunic .
tr	NN	Ryan heard an intake of breath from Daisy , but he managed to open his mouth first .
tr	NNS	" Are we going to sit here and listen to this ... this self-righteous , satirist spew his sarcastic remarks ?
tr	NN	Certainly , I approve your readiness to suspect me .
tr	NNS	Next thing he 'd be wearing overalls and sporting a red bandana .
tr	NNS	She was murmuring prayers for five minutes when she heard some creaking on the steps .
tr	NN	Chapter Ten Brittany and I began the task of navigating the full cart out the store .
tr	NN	It will sure teach the driver a good lesson .
tr	NN	" When she turned out to have excess soul and went ghost , the family enjoyed stil having her around .
tr	NN	Simon ordered orange juice for two , as they were both driving afterwards .
tr	NN	" Erwin , my man , " I hear my reader exclaim , " why , then , don 't I know what you 're thinking ? "
tr	NNS	" We were doing his interviews , so he must have turned his phone off .
tr	NNS	" Nine thousand dollars . "
tr	NNS	Ronan would knock her senseless before he could stop himself , but her wolf didn 't care .
tr	NNS	And the fact that she was already pissy about the idea spoke volumes .
tr	NN	She raised Madame 's hem to her lips and kissed it .
tr	NNS	If I looked down past his hands , I could see his muscular thighs and his ... Well , back to the hands .
tr	NNS	He 's cutting his losses .
tr	NNS	On the other hand , if the farmhouse were still occupied ... he could always use more test subjects .
tr	NN	" Unless you have some objection . "
tr	NNS	The sword tip quivered inches from her chest , and she puffed it out even farther so that the tip touched the buttons on her shirt .
tr	NNS	They passed the Copan ruins with all the tourist busses and people and they kept driving for about a half hour .
tr	NNS	" You hit him with a rock , I believe , " my mother said remotely .
tr	NNS	I 'd also picked up two pairs of Nikes and two pairs of Ralph Lauren socks .
tr	NN	She tapped her temple .
tr	NNS	We must put our disparate abilities together in an unstoppable collaboration . "
tr	NN	He displayed her iPod next .
tr	NN	Maybe he 'd finally realized the pup he 'd kicked for so long was no longer easy bait .
tr	NNS	We swallowed our giggles as we worked our way through the massive rooms and winding halls , finally emerging onto an elaborate stone courtyard behind the palace .
tr	NN	Maverick was learning a valuable lesson about being a grandparent .
tr	NN	The birthmark splitting her face into almost equal halves would have taken anybody else aback , but Harley wasn 't anybody else .
tr	NN	She did groan then , a barely audible sound .
tr	NNS	He pictured the numbers on the orb face as Amica read them and closed his eyes .
tr	NN	I opened the child proof lid and slid three pills into my palm .
tr	NNS	She searched the confines of her head for answers .
tr	NNS	All I can do is save my dollars and cents for when he takes me back to court . "
tr	NN	I fought his command with desperation , yet I could not overrule it .
tr	NNS	I had my suspicions when I was at Vincent , and I 've been proven right .
tr	NN	The band struck up a waltz .
tr	NN	She dashed up the stairwell .
tr	NNS	At least he wasn 't only missing the classes I was in .
tr	NN	He was wearing a towel .
tr	NNS	My eyes scan quickly , witches are casting spells everywhere .
tr	NNS	The room had shelves to the ceiling filled with parchments and dusty old tomes .
tr	NN	Serena picks up her fork , digging into the seaweed .
tr	NN	Later that day Riley made an announcement to her tribe .
tr	NNS	When he had still been strong enough to walk , he had found the tattered remains of his headset .
tr	NNS	I mean , you should see all the statues of them in the library .
tr	NNS	It has temples , mixtures of culture and history .
tr	NNS	Say , Will , you have any cards with you ? "
tr	NNS	Back when I was your age we didn 't have antibiotics .
tr	NN	The teen girls had completely vacated the pond and would have made a bulldog proud as they ogled Devon and Julian .
tr	NNS	" And if I do all this , I get all these transcendental benefits . "
tr	NNS	Besides , he 'd supported Louie 's previous campaigns .
tr	NNS	He could see the millions of intricate lines that bounced the light off the dense , queer plants .
tr	NNS	" Three very noisy watch dogs .
tr	NN	Rob slanted a dangerous golden glare at Gabriel and started to shake his head .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't hear any complaints last night . "
tr	NN	He had passed the bar exam more than a year ago !
tr	NN	Once her wounds were bandaged , she fingered her cracked rib lightly , wincing as a sharp pain tore through her .
tr	NNS	" I have , " she whispered , arms around knees , chin resting against them .
tr	NN	The Keeper gave the impression he was mulling over my offer .
tr	NNS	The body count among the Thunder God Warriors had hit numbers that forced her to avoid certain websites and newsfeeds .
tr	NNS	He had transferred one hundred thousand dollars to her account , a fact that had nearly sent her into heart failure when she had checked her balance .
tr	NN	The minister is now in the dungeons , awaiting his trial . "
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of her reflection in the silvery side of the napkin holder .
tr	NN	" You have electricity . "
tr	NN	He tossed another handful without commenting .
tr	NN	I slipped off the finger clip with ease , now I just needed to sum up the courage to rip the IV out .
tr	NNS	" Yes , they ate the dinosaurs . "
tr	NN	she 'd offer , her voice softening with maternal affection .
tr	NN	She did enjoy horseback riding .
tr	NNS	She called the newspaper offices and asked for the classifieds .
tr	NNS	We 'll set up meetings as soon as tomorrow if your schedule allows . "
tr	NNS	He noticed my wariness and narrowed his eyes .
tr	NNS	Behind him , the chef was carrying two large bowls .
tr	NN	Ernest obeyed Lord Hutchinson 's command and sat down once more .
tr	NNS	The person on the other end of the line did not know the specifics of church propaganda .
tr	NNS	The stone he 'd tossed upward had flushed the birds and caused enough of a distraction to cover him .
tr	NN	# Harry greeted the conductor when he approached their table .
tr	NNS	We still have the same side-by-side lockers so we go there , take our lunches out , and sit on the floor .
tr	NN	He would follow Jordan 's example .
tr	NNS	They passed several fast-food restaurants , rest stops advertising ice-cream shops , and family diners that blended in with the gray blankness of the highway .
tr	NN	He could smell her fragrance .
tr	NN	Just a few conversations and I 'll know his most hidden desires and secrets .
tr	NNS	I had left carrots and small pyramids of hamster food on the floor , hoping Pedro would show up if the house was very quiet .
tr	NN	She tasted a candy and found that it was tart and sweet at once .
tr	NN	He made short work of loosening it , then followed its descent with his mouth , sucking first on one breast , then the other .
tr	NN	She had a drip of ice cream on her T-shirt and was wearing sweatpants a size too large .
tr	NNS	He watched their real-time calculated movements on the screen .
tr	NNS	" Elise 's family and my family go back many generations . "
tr	NN	It would greatly enhance my collection . "
tr	NNS	It popped a few inches , then rode back .
tr	NN	I worked ful - time for Alco , hunting down new avenues of research .
tr	NN	He 's had a stroke . "
tr	NNS	I pressed coins into her hand .
tr	NNS	She bat her eyelashes with a knitted brow .
tr	NN	Bentley pushed aside their collection of dishes and glasses and drew an ashtray toward him .
tr	NNS	I ran scenarios through my mind .
tr	NNS	The smudge is fully visible now , only a hundred yards away , and every part of me is screaming .
tr	NNS	The shorts barely covered her upper thighs , and my gaze kept sneaking back to the smooth skin and endless length of leg exposed .
tr	NN	I push a strand of hair behind my ear , fearing rejection .
tr	NN	I fought back conviction .
tr	NN	" It will show the stark contrast at least . "
tr	NN	Vee would remember the outfit , since she was the one who 'd persuaded me to buy it during last summer 's sidewalk sales .
tr	NNS	A spear of shadows strikes Grubbs just above his heart and shoots out the other side .
tr	NNS	Either one will put your captors at a great advantage .
tr	NNS	Plus , he had the twins , which were the light of his life .
tr	NNS	He saw my ship models , and ... " Jon let his glance fall on the couch .
tr	NNS	And within a few hours , she was on her feet telling the other new moms in the ward to stop their whining . "
tr	NN	The boys got their snickering in , but Deni could tell they were relieved .
tr	NNS	Steven slammed his palms on the table .
tr	NN	I 'll be creating my own brand . "
tr	NNS	I don 't do surprises .
tr	NN	" I put a little honey in your tea .
tr	NN	It taxied past the terminal to a very small hangar where it would spend the night .
tr	NN	We are approaching the landing and that is sure to be the danger moment .
tr	NNS	You can 't trust the emptiness to stay empty .
tr	NNS	She pushed back the covers , got to her feet and pulled on the plush hotel bathrobe .
tr	NNS	All over the World of Gorn beings stopped and looked to the heavens , they saw great chunks of earth rising into the cosmos .
tr	NNS	I stride quickly out and down the halls to get this particular thing over with .
tr	NN	My heart was definitely considering a leap into his hands .
tr	NN	Jacob shaped the handful and arced his arm back .
tr	NN	I called bull on that , but whatever .
tr	NN	He studied his wife 's twin .
tr	NNS	You 're mostly fighting members of your gym or maybe some other gym .
tr	NNS	I 'll take my chances ! "
tr	NNS	" All as in us , mortals , demi gods , beasts , everyone and everything . "
tr	NN	As twins , we developed our own secret language , which not even our mother understood .
tr	NNS	" Why are you eating the seeds " the man asked .
tr	NNS	He saw the splashes in the water as the King Snake gained control , unaffected by the fang strikes of the Rattlesnake .
tr	NN	Steve gave her a reassuring pat .
tr	NNS	One day when I got home from school , Otto and Natalie were screaming obscenities at each other .
tr	NN	Ross checked her transmitting equipment , making sure it was all right .
tr	NNS	If I was touching tea I wouldn 't be touching tits .
tr	NNS	He circled his thumbs over her inner thigh , just brushing the curls at the join of her legs .
tr	NN	She had lost faith in human contact .
tr	NN	We were simply intercepting fate . "
tr	NNS	But as you will not come of your own free will , I must take other measures . "
tr	NNS	" Boys , behave yourselves . "
tr	NNS	For they always gave us least marks .
tr	NNS	Adrenaline kept Lucius from dropping to the deck in a frozen , crippled heap .
tr	NNS	Those who had often missed bits of themselves .
tr	NN	Looking round Christine saw a sleepy trucker in a Broncos cap .
tr	NN	" Lisa , you 've been burning the candle at both ends .
tr	NN	Zoey felt the blood pump in her veins as she and her friends advanced towards Stuart .
tr	NN	He ignored the faint tapping , his gaze trained on the dingy briefcase on the desk in front of him .
tr	NN	A set of powerful legs completed the package .
tr	NNS	He would not allow her any more self-indulgent complaints .
tr	NN	" This place definitely has an abundance of those two qualities , and many people come here for that reason .
tr	NN	I 've got protection .
tr	NNS	" When ... when did you first show my father these coins ? "
tr	NN	Louisa put her fork down .
tr	NN	" Go to sleep , honey .
tr	NN	" Why the quilt ? "
tr	NNS	He had studied Rayford 's teachings on the subject .
tr	NN	she asked playfully , a tactic to move things along .
tr	NNS	Maddie slumps down the door , hugging her knees to her chest .
tr	NN	I see her fiddle nervously with the domino in her lap .
tr	NN	In fact , the city was instituting my proposal today .
tr	NN	" To see the president ? "
tr	NNS	Each time , his heart beat rises to a quick gallop .
tr	NNS	He rubs his palms together .
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	As the passion rose , I felt my higher brain function fade away .
tr	NNS	He parted the soft folds with his thumb and forefinger .
tr	NNS	I 've got some black olives and tomatoes I could add .
tr	NNS	She 'd made bloody scratches in his back like some evil flower carved into his flesh .
tr	NNS	" Make yourselves at home . "
tr	NN	" For example ? "
tr	NN	She flipped the braid around to the front and stared at it .
tr	NN	Stacy held up a growling aardvark t-shirt she had received from Ezekiel and raised an eyebrow .
tr	NNS	I trembled excessively ; I could not endure to think of , and far less to allude to , the occurrences of the preceding night .
tr	NNS	Francesca curved her fingernails into her palms .
tr	NN	In conscience you find the structure , the form of consciousness , the beauty .
tr	NNS	She saw scores of giant birds circling the landscape far below .
tr	NNS	We haven 't moved the council members because we have no idea if any of the other guards are planning to make a move against them .
tr	NNS	We can stop the leaks and then switch back once we 've patched the hull .
tr	NNS	I take a few photographs of the lobby for my scrapbook , then turn toward the door .
tr	NN	The silver ribbon of water plummeted from a ledge half the height of the gorge , churning in a misty basin at the bottom .
tr	NNS	He 'd never imagined such emptiness and despair could exist inside him .
tr	NNS	Send runners to the city fortifications .
tr	NN	Clyde remembered his uncle very clearly .
tr	NNS	But the wire ran under the floor , and try as he might , he couldn 't lift the floor boards at this end of the cabin .
tr	NNS	She hid so many layers behind her composed businesswoman persona .
tr	NN	" Only these don 't have insignia .
tr	NN	Claire , you also have responsibility .
tr	NN	He takes my briefcase from me , slings the strap over his shoulder .
tr	NN	And you have that quality that causes others to give their lives for you without question . "
tr	NN	This had prompted the usual scowl and grudging acquiescence on the old lady 's part .
tr	NNS	She curled her fingernails into her palms .
tr	NNS	I tossed my boxers with the rest of my clothes and then I dove into the water .
tr	NNS	Being informed that they could be eliminated forced the two systems to reconsider their previous demands .
tr	NNS	I saw the birds being carried .
tr	NNS	" I 've had so many issues for so long now .
tr	NNS	I cleared the dessert dishes , and listened to them talk and giggle .
tr	NNS	" He bought more and more ships , and filled them with as much silk as he could afford . "
tr	NNS	Could the archangels read his texts ?
tr	NN	Eli , aware that the physical connection with his brother had been broken , sat up a little straighter and dried his eyes on his sleeve .
tr	NN	" Oh , thank goodness .
tr	NN	She popped the trunk and retrieved a fake fur jacket .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my palms across the tops of my jeans and took a few deep breaths .
tr	NNS	He let out a vicious hiss .
tr	NN	She cocked a hip and winked .
tr	NN	He had seen the dagger in my hand .
tr	NNS	I just severed al ties with him ?
tr	NNS	" A size seven isn 't fat , " Mrs. Spinoza said delicately .
tr	NN	A cheeky spin accentuated Sid 's joy .
tr	NNS	You can use your powers .
tr	NNS	It could level whole lands with a sweep of a hand .
tr	NNS	" I am transmitting the data . "
tr	NNS	Blizzard and Frostbite occupied firing positions behind and to either side of Iceberg , each facing outboard .
tr	NN	The man raised his horn and sounded the charge .
tr	NNS	In the quiet moments that followed , I didn 't feel numbness or fear .
tr	NNS	He brushed his thumbs under my eyes , drying my tears .
tr	NN	I held the candle in front of me , making my way to the far end of the building .
tr	NNS	They dropped bombs on the area around Costco .
tr	NN	Your female office staff has a treat in store . "
tr	NN	He knows the punishment for disobeying me is not something he could live with . "
tr	NNS	He had obviously had quite exceptional survival skills .
tr	NN	I have the appointment next week , then I 'm back to my regular life . "
tr	NN	Go figure the logic in that .
tr	NN	I didn 't know slant rhyme from regular rhyme , but I was suitably impressed .
tr	NNS	As they began to move through the trees , Rafe felt the first few drops of rain fall .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , of course I didn 't mean that . "
tr	NNS	It forced issues that shouldn 't be forced .
tr	NNS	The man took the reins of the runner and led him off to a small inn where they could talk undisturbed .
tr	NNS	She may be thinking all sorts of things right now . "
tr	NN	" No , I wouldn 't make a good lawyer .
tr	NNS	Washington City had doctors well capable of such a feat , assuming they made it there in time .
tr	NNS	Mr. Kent leaves the room and Max flops onto the bed .
tr	NN	" I made an appointment for Maggie this morning at nine at the vet . "
tr	NN	" See , and I don 't mind that aspect .
tr	NN	She 'd developed an instinctive liking for this quiet , reserved American and looked forward to their next meeting .
tr	NN	The major tugged his uniform , obviously having rushed over on the weekend in a hurry .
tr	NN	Simon had the tightest , hottest butt , and she loved the feel of it under her adoring hands .
tr	NNS	" Make new allies , probably .
tr	NN	She 'd wanted their first encounter to be a private one .
tr	NN	Would Nick spot her dagger ?
tr	NN	Ripples of unease slipped down David 's spine .
tr	NNS	Chapter Twenty-eight At that first feast , Gwen scared her captors when she threw up everything she 'd tried to eat .
tr	NNS	I did not make excuses for my dad .
tr	NN	She held out a bright purple marker to him .
tr	NNS	You 're using the First Lord 's personal passwords .
tr	NN	Sam let out a sharp growl that pierced the dark sky .
tr	NNS	And in the cemetery ( this is nicer ) you must hit the bandits , running , gun in hand , among the tombstones .
tr	NN	I might see an occasional farm or even a small grove of trees , but mostly I saw wall to wall nothing .
tr	NNS	He 'd glanced to the left at his father , to the right at his brother , he 'd studied the priests when they spoke .
tr	NNS	" They were stealing drugs to sell .
tr	NN	We enjoy good health .
tr	NN	He cupped her backside and locked himself against her and she melted as fast as always .
tr	NNS	We 'll clear customs through Legacy 's FBO . "
tr	NNS	Jolene saw the bursting bits of color , and she tightened her hold on the railing , freezing cold now , shivering .
tr	NNS	It read : Hello ?
tr	NN	I could barely see the shiny plastic peeking out of the dark mass of her hair .
tr	NNS	We would need at least two forms of cheater tracks to confirm the crime .
tr	NN	Find that special someone ... " I could hear the smirk behind his voice .
tr	NN	Glancing up he could see a thick blonde beard and eyes filled with blue .
tr	NNS	" Ummm ... you 've had some serious health issues recently .
tr	NNS	And it documents each individual 's true responses throughout the study . "
tr	NNS	This time he doesn 't resist my efforts , but I only manage to get his pants to his hips before his phone goes off again .
tr	NN	Gregori unfolded his long frame from the bed and stretched like a lazy jungle cat .
tr	NN	" I 'll tell the president .
tr	NN	Logan takes the package from him .
tr	NNS	" Avalon and Jericho , find your dates and leave the premises immediately .
tr	NN	' You can see the tower now . '
tr	NNS	Until he takes the oath he raises funds .
tr	NN	Armored vehicles gave chase , while local law enforcement blocked streets .
tr	NNS	My website includes a few special extras for my extra special fans ( you are extra special , aren 't you ? ) .
tr	NN	You 've ignored me and my concerns all semester . "
tr	NNS	Frank watched the arrivals for a few minutes .
tr	NNS	" He made a few pry marks on the coffin , but Anthony came along before he was able to get it open .
tr	NNS	Carefully , so as not to wake Jacob , she drew back the covers and slowly pushed her way up from the bed of the wagon .
tr	NN	" A guy does favor after favor for you , and this is how you repay him .
tr	NN	" Corporal Ramirez , I would like to say the initiative you have demonstrated today far exceeds your rank and level of responsibility .
tr	NNS	As if they 'd been together like this just yesterday instead of more than a decade ago , he found her pleasure points with unerring accuracy .
tr	NN	In its center , the shield bears a diamond divided into four fields , one for each of four neighboring worlds .
tr	NNS	Dinah put her palms together and made a slight bow , greeting two Indian women dressed in motley satin saris .
tr	NN	I assume whole wheat on the toast ; you look positively too healthy to be hanging around us old folks .
tr	NN	His looks were giving an ambivalent impression : in good physical shape , no wrinkles -- and yet he didn 't seem young .
tr	NN	Selena licked the addictive juice from her fingertips .
tr	NNS	I 'd rather take my chances above than be trapped below .
tr	NNS	The innkeeper , also beaming , brings us plates filled with food and some sort of distilled beverage .
tr	NNS	The smallest decisions made had such profound repercussions .
tr	NN	If you take my meaning . "
tr	NNS	Then you could catch the balls in your mouth and still be able to throw them with your right hand . "
tr	NNS	With that avenue of investigation going nowhere , I checked my pockets to see what I had to work with , but they 'd been cleaned out .
tr	NN	I 'd never buy a magazine again .
tr	NN	" We 'll do a simple experiment so you can practice the steps and methods you 'll be using for the real stuff .
tr	NNS	Leading raids against me ! "
tr	NN	After the one , long corridor she had until now been traversing , she reached a junction with at least five possible turnings and no helpful signs .
tr	NN	I read his nametag .
tr	NNS	" We don 't need allies .
tr	NNS	It missed all the ribs , hitting the heart cleanly .
tr	NN	He touched the uneven , faint white scar curving around his jugular .
tr	NNS	I withdrew my fangs and punched through his chest , ripping his heart out , shutting him up instantly .
tr	NNS	One of Luigi 's men walked several paces behind them , not even trying to stay hidden .
tr	NNS	Well , a man could always blow out the candles or close his eyes .
tr	NN	I eye the clock on the cabby 's dash .
tr	NNS	For now , Mary gave me the numbers for some nurses that could start covering the night shift .
tr	NN	He clipped his safety rope into a spike they had anchored in the rock on the way down .
tr	NNS	We 've suffered enough losses . "
tr	NN	And she wrote me a recommendation asking the head librarian to help me find it .
tr	NN	Everyone gets one vote .
tr	NNS	She 'd forced her servants to begin talking to her more , and she planned to meet with more of the gods .
tr	NN	He drew the anchor on the side of the prison wall and climbed down into freedom instead of jumping at the risk of getting hurt .
tr	NN	And as I lie there , I can feel the cancer in my lungs , eating away at me .
tr	NN	Her earlier fatigue seemingly forgotten , Beth spread a handful of pages across her bed to look over .
tr	NNS	That had disappointed the gods .
tr	NNS	" I love dogs .
tr	NNS	Water flows slowly underneath and mirrors the clouds and sky in faded colors of blue and silver .
tr	NNS	Other people watched bombs and rifle fire from their windows .
tr	NN	Their gazes locked , she watched the ecstasy on his face as he rocked himself between her thighs .
tr	NN	Morrow 's defence lawyer , Sandra Friedman , addressed the bench .
tr	NNS	Both were carrying back packs and Uzi sub machine guns strapped across their chests .
tr	NNS	One by one , the dinner guests finished their meals as well .
tr	NNS	Have you recalled those items since ? "
tr	NNS	" I 've got chores to see to .
tr	NNS	Simulating game situations , we take two shots at a time and box each other out for rebounds .
tr	NN	The Driver tip contains the proper electronic access code for the family surprise .
tr	NNS	He contemplates different scenarios which could cause only one species of fish to be infected with a virus .
tr	NN	Thomas saw the realization on her face even as she asked the question , but answered anyway , " At first it was bad .
tr	NNS	In the main cavern , Kate was blowing out candles and Harold was collecting empty martini glasses and lining them up on the bar .
tr	NNS	The chain allowed only a few inches of movement in any direction .
tr	NNS	Juliet held up her palms .
tr	NNS	That number doesn 't only include uniques .
tr	NNS	Once its onboard radar detected it was 30 meters from the ground , it cut loose the parachute and inflated balloons all around its hull .
tr	NN	" What else can I offer you , hero ? "
tr	NNS	They made their excuses to leave before midnight .
tr	NNS	I have two doses left .
tr	NN	I untied the apron .
tr	NNS	" Kris knocked down her defenses long enough for me to get a strike in .
tr	NN	His sudden appearance on the sidewalk challenged Gretchen 's resolve to remain calm and focused .
tr	NNS	We both inhaled our meals .
tr	NNS	The board on the left had various numbers , dates , times and other symbols arranged in some kind of a list .
tr	NNS	I examine my surroundings .
tr	NN	I flicked the hard plastic with my fingers and dragged it across my skin .
tr	NNS	" Only a few samples .
tr	NNS	Without the grid , we 'd be sitting ducks .
tr	NN	He cracked his knuckles and stared down at the array of buttons on the control panel .
tr	NN	" Remember all that great advice you gave me ?
tr	NNS	Witches typically can cast spells and use potions .
tr	NNS	" You made the best corned beef sandwiches I ever tasted . "
tr	NN	Donna smiled but Darcy could see the pity in her eyes .
tr	NNS	A moment later he heard several shots and went out to see if Matt and Ethan were alright .
tr	NN	McShane slammed the battering ram into the door .
tr	NNS	Chan 's station had comfortable chairs with high backs , and Beth swiveled in the chair , swinging her legs back and forth .
tr	NN	The old man retrieved the menu and nodded .
tr	NN	David could see the glistening sheen over his brother 's eyes .
tr	NN	He twisted off a cap and passed her the Evian .
tr	NN	Grandpa Jamie strode down the pier and stopped at the last boat .
tr	NN	Amanda claimed an appointment and excused herself from the smart little gathering .
tr	NNS	Watching her watch him , he slowly removed the boxers , smiling faintly when her eyes widened .
tr	NNS	Now we 've got interests all over the place .
tr	NN	" We can relax and discuss our merger . "
tr	NNS	You know , the chairs with the arms ? "
tr	NNS	I had mixed reactions to this sudden new business .
tr	NNS	Though his body blocked most of my view , I could make out two figures standing in the window .
tr	NN	Nick 's eyes mirrored his displeasure as he sat behind his desk and motioned for the attorneys to be seated .
tr	NN	Doug will get the written evaluation of the villa that he wanted , and Elyssa will get a few answers about the legendary treasure .
tr	NN	I will need a little more proof . '
tr	NN	My worry had been building a solid knot in my gut .
tr	NN	The steps formed a semicircle as they gradually spiraled down to the raised dais that served as the stage .
tr	NN	Under the water he has watched a hundred fish all turn instantly , as though all are under one mind and one instruction .
tr	NNS	Have we spotted any other ships ? "
tr	NN	" But they will take all the credit .
tr	NN	I said goodnight thinking I would probably want to go to the prison the next day .
tr	NNS	She wanted her instincts to be right when it came to Sasha .
tr	NN	Benedict didn 't move the entirety of the short time she spoke .
tr	NNS	Seth gained cool points in my book with that question .
tr	NN	Now we can have a fun funeral ! "
tr	NNS	He spread the character cards from the game on the table .
tr	NNS	On the floor , he skated backwards and held my hands .
tr	NN	It quelled the discomfort in his stomach but his hands still felt clammy .
tr	NNS	The road flare in the corner made little gasping noises .
tr	NN	I held back the urge to vomit , which would only compound the issue .
tr	NNS	Both bikes received several beatings from the snow-covered potholes .
tr	NN	He pushed a curl away from her eyes and attempted that smile again .
tr	NN	Bruno lifted an iron grating behind the water feature and exposed a narrow hole in the ground .
tr	NN	I viewed the training tape . "
tr	NNS	I won 't have your foolish excuses on top of your incompetence . "
tr	NNS	He 'd lose billions .
tr	NNS	" Straker didn 't have any millions until after his brother died .
tr	NNS	The wave ripped buildings from their very foundations .
tr	NNS	Like whoever gets to possess you will reap the benefits of your entire body . "
tr	NNS	Rocky and his sexy employees still had a few spectators including a man wearing a brown leather jacket who kept staring at Teagan .
tr	NN	Salvatore quickly took the pistol from his grasp and pointed it at him .
tr	NN	The urgency in his voice had her hurrying past the waist-high crypt to join him , hand on her sword .
tr	NN	" There was ... resistance inside one of the houses .
tr	NNS	Have you watched the masses crawling over Gaia with steel and fire ?
tr	NNS	They ricocheted off the faeries as if they were nothing more than stones , but when they saw Delia , their noises changed to something more urgent .
tr	NNS	" Go wash some dishes or something .
tr	NNS	I must have some rights in this situation .
tr	NN	More than that , one sees the potential in the other -- that which has not yet been actualized .
tr	NNS	You mentioned the gods .
tr	NNS	" And you will do wonderfully . "
tr	NNS	Admiral Tani had confirmed my worst fears .
tr	NNS	" My brother has the same marks .
tr	NN	They ban my video when I need their support more than I 've ever needed it ?
tr	NNS	After exiting the train , I walked a few blocks to my apartment .
tr	NNS	He mimicked her actions , wishing it were her warm lips against his instead of the cool glass .
tr	NNS	She held on to his arms , his thick muscled biceps .
tr	NNS	His eyes glittered dangerously .
tr	NNS	Some held cloth dolls , others rolled balls across the corridor .
tr	NNS	We also offered the crews ... us .
tr	NN	Jennifer tapped her pencil on the pad .
tr	NNS	I have some errands to run . "
tr	NNS	I 've made bombs before .
tr	NN	I was still planning my speech .
tr	NN	All that political think-tank stuff and those seminars and such make good camouflage for concealing what 's really goin ' on up there .
tr	NN	He had the right height , broad shoulders , and what was left of the generically attractive bone structure with shaggy blond hair .
tr	NN	Kara Simon tore open the package and stared long and hard at the small , worn plastic case .
tr	NNS	I 've taken all the classes .
tr	NN	But she could reach her dagger on her bedside table .
tr	NNS	In the mission 's dossier , Gray had seen her photographs of polar bears in the far north .
tr	NN	She 'd seen the video and believed the worst .
tr	NNS	" Meaning he provided the drugs and alcohol . "
tr	NNS	Liam groped her thighs and her pussy .
tr	NNS	We have all enjoyed the benefits of his work .
tr	NN	An alum had even set aside a fund so they didn 't have to buy their ballet shoes and tights .
tr	NNS	Rebecca considered her cards again .
tr	NN	That might earn me some credibility .
tr	NN	I have loved the theater fiercely and deeply for my entire life , both as a spectator and as an actress .
tr	NN	His strange yellow eyes gave some proof to his claim that they were not the same as other blood drinkers .
tr	NN	If she showed up with Reid in tow , it could cause a nuclear meltdown .
tr	NNS	" How old ya think Pete 's got ta be before he can have a catch , Mom ? "
tr	NNS	I 've had hallucinations and they don 't hurt !
tr	NNS	She had already declined his terms .
tr	NN	" Well , Deacon Jenkins , you saved our butler .
tr	NNS	As he passed through the dining hall , he spotted Beth 's sister sweeping floors .
tr	NNS	He always needed apprentices , so it weren 't too unusual to see a young boy there .
tr	NNS	I 've already set up sensors on the road leading up here .
tr	NNS	To cup her soft breasts , and squeeze them .
tr	NN	" Yeah , I killed his employer last year and he didn 't get paid .
tr	NN	Appropriately enough , Mary Jo had named her Noelle .
tr	NNS	' Let us hope that he did not pay too dearly for his boldness , ' said Legolas .
tr	NN	This broke their resolve , and they turned and started to retreat back up the hill and into the side streets .
tr	NN	" Like a trance ? "
tr	NN	Wrapping my hands around the hard globes of his ass , I drew his nipple into my mouth .
tr	NNS	His mother had given him nightmares telling him stories about how the large companies were poisoning the environment .
tr	NN	" Never a good idea to mix candy .
tr	NNS	Moving quickly , he ripped off old roofing tiles , exposing the thin wood planks that covered the beams .
tr	NN	He told her every single detail about what had happened in his father 's office .
tr	NN	Caleb stood statue still .
tr	NNS	* * Slowly , I regained my senses .
tr	NNS	They built temples in my name and shed their own blood for my favor .
tr	NN	Chapter 28 Vincent opened a drawer and took out a roll of paper .
tr	NNS	He has two cracked ribs , and his shoulder is severely bruised . "
tr	NNS	Somewhere in the distance ( because this large hallway does nothing but go straight ) , I spot two familiar figures .
tr	NNS	" Welcome , Seeker of Knowledge , " he intoned importantly .
tr	NNS	We made arrangements for me to pick up my " present " the following week .
tr	NNS	Did this man have similar troubles with his identity ?
tr	NN	" If you plant a potato , you get a potato . "
tr	NN	" Do you not remember the royal draped around your neck like a noose ? "
tr	NNS	Just admiring your bloody leadership skills . "
tr	NNS	How do you keep yourselves from hurting others because you wait too long to give up the fight ? "
tr	NN	Stop the bleeding . "
tr	NNS	This allowed the seeds to absorb the DNA of each family member .
tr	NNS	And I can always sense witches . "
tr	NNS	Notice the little changes in her appearance , because she likely did it for you .
tr	NN	They needed a discreet safe harbor to meet like-minded people .
tr	NNS	He could see her breasts more clearly and she was wearing a sexy , black lace bra .
tr	NN	Slowly , Lara replaced the receiver .
tr	NN	Closing my eyes , I ignored the odd knot of unease .
tr	NNS	Our major problem now is getting the houses built .
tr	NNS	Get some dogs in here with some of Sarah 's stuff so they can try and sniff her out . "
tr	NN	I returned the receiver to its cradle and went to sit on one of the couches in the lobby .
tr	NN	Regardless , I should have had input .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down his spine .
tr	NNS	She 'd be hosting balls , soirees , and garden parties of her own there , and she 'd need to make a hurried start .
tr	NN	It wakes up the Phoenix bird in you so you rise above the ashes .
tr	NNS	Eugenia 's voice sounded breathless .
tr	NN	She gives an uncaring shrug .
tr	NNS	The utter emptiness of the interior of the cabin gave off the ominous vibes of violence .
tr	NNS	I pulled back the flaps and saw a box of papers .
tr	NN	Her return to the ship was short lived , a quick reconciliation with the crew before coming back to the station .
tr	NN	The bedroom just across the hall would make a lovely nursery .
tr	NN	In the air he loosened Angel 's gag .
tr	NNS	My breathing turned shallow .
tr	NN	We have no proof he told the truth . "
tr	NNS	The guy has more sexual harassment complaints on him than anyone I know . "
tr	NNS	" You definitely left a few marks .
tr	NNS	I told the reserve runners to get off the bus and come around to the back .
tr	NN	He gave her a disapproving glare that said much on his opinion of a young lady caught eavesdropping on her own family .
tr	NNS	Pet , give Ariana the thumbs up if you got it on tape .
tr	NN	" Put up a big billboard on the roof to block the view . "
tr	NN	I haven 't seen a strawberry in weeks , but somehow my sister smells of them .
tr	NN	Still , despite my reasons for disliking the water elemental , I couldn 't quite banish the faint echo of her screams .
tr	NNS	In his room he kept silk ties to bind a woman to his bed .
tr	NN	" Shut your trap .
tr	NNS	She kicked off her sandals before she sank her feet into the dark sand .
tr	NNS	I certainly respect Eris .
tr	NN	My pink teddy bear pajamas flap uncontrollably in the wind .
tr	NNS	But we could rebuild our numbers .
tr	NN	Ryan took the small dark glass vile from Dario 's hand and shook it .
tr	NNS	I eyed the shelves in the garage , spying a hammer and went for it but he dived into me and I went flying into them .
tr	NN	I could feel the trunk pressing down towards me as if it would crush me at any moment .
tr	NNS	Your mother and aunt will take the twins up to the viewing platform .
tr	NN	Burnett leaned his butt back on Holiday 's desk and wiped a hand over his face .
tr	NN	" I know its failing .
tr	NNS	Either you have giants in your forest , or a sizable group of armed men marching through it . "
tr	NNS	He would renew his efforts to find one tomorrow , scouring the clothes shops and flea markets during his lunch hour .
tr	NN	His foot hit a soft lump of something , and Sato pounced , falling on top of the creature .
tr	NN	God , I even missed their bickering .
tr	NNS	I waved the blueprints .
tr	NNS	He pushed his mating instincts down , interested in knowing everything about Callie .
tr	NN	Small Talk 's suit has a naked brutality that suits him well .
tr	NN	Rachel pulled her veil aside .
tr	NNS	" You mean prayers ? "
tr	NN	" Rollins making mirth ?
tr	NNS	I return the strawberries to the fridge , then root around my smoothie with my spoon , looking for more pieces of fruit that escaped the blender .
tr	NN	His arm gave me a squeeze and he whispered , " Not that kind of hunter , Leah .
tr	NNS	Michael turned the pages slowly , taking his girls on a journey down the road of Jolene 's life .
tr	NN	" He 's saving us , " Dante answered , no inflection in the warrior 's voice at all .
tr	NNS	People are closing down their shops and are going in for the night .
tr	NNS	Dan gained the skills and confidence to transform his entire outlook on life .
tr	NN	She handed her sculpture to Ryan so that she could pull it out of her bag .
tr	NNS	These folks had paid their big bucks for amenities and by God they were going to get them come hell or loose stools .
tr	NN	Looking in the fridge , she found the juice and poured herself a tall glass .
tr	NN	While bent over , he felt a gentle tapping on his back , like the wings of an angel beating softly .
tr	NN	Daemon quickly grabbed a clean towel and dampened it .
tr	NN	He continues his climb of the demonic creature .
tr	NNS	He laughed , a hiss between his teeth .
tr	NN	They just burned the libraries whole , along with the museums and universities ... " A familiar ache filled her chest .
tr	NN	Barbara would play the piano and lead the congregational singing , and he 'd preach a rousing sermon .
tr	NN	" It is not unlike what you would call porridge I believe . "
tr	NN	He had an affinity for breaking conventions in an original way , which was quickly becoming a difficult accomplishment in the industry .
tr	NN	Rachel was getting an ache in her side , but she was determined to fight through it .
tr	NN	Laurel threw her own napkin down in front of her .
tr	NN	He heard the dry crunch of autumn leaves , so he pulled aside the curtains , raised the blinds , and focused on the shadows outside .
tr	NNS	Then , with her supernatural strength , she lifted the deer up off the ground and drained its blood into her mouth .
tr	NN	I won 't approve a lab for Jason as a guise for him to spend time alone with you . "
tr	NN	The other nipple suffered the same fate until she took pity and released him ... for the moment .
tr	NN	Jules handed me a needle and a length of thread .
tr	NNS	He abandoned all attempts at standing by stumbling toward another library chair that he filled like a badly collapsed tent .
tr	NN	His direction cut off , he gave a low huff .
tr	NN	He couldn 't hold the grief inside him anymore ; he couldn 't be strong .
tr	NNS	In danger of losing his business and house , he steals designs from an outfit known for innovative products and bleeding edge development .
tr	NNS	" But you have those apartments that you let people use .
tr	NNS	She gave it a few tugs , then looked at Lily .
tr	NNS	Brian organized the backpacks ensuring they contained the necessary survival supplies .
tr	NNS	She turned pages , reading quietly for a few moments .
tr	NN	Jackie finished off her juice and turned to a package of cookies .
tr	NNS	Lightning split the heavens .
tr	NN	" Please , I want your cock .
tr	NN	Krauss walks down the hill against a rising tide of wounded .
tr	NNS	" We have contracts with powerful countries .
tr	NNS	She didn 't fear the razor-sharp talons that laid so close to her body or the mighty head with all its dangerous fangs .
tr	NNS	She 's kicked the covers down so that one of her boobs is exposed .
tr	NNS	She took several deep breaths to calm herself and looked at herself in the mirror .
tr	NN	I hold out the temporary ID .
tr	NNS	" They 're defrosting colonists , yes ? "
tr	NNS	They used to get together in the basement , do their rites down there .
tr	NN	He grabbed the receiver .
tr	NN	" I didn 't always act this serious , Becca .
tr	NN	He flips the purple vile into the palm of his hand .
tr	NNS	If you 'll agree to reciprocate , I 'll accept those terms . "
tr	NN	Shana felt the blood drain out of her face .
tr	NN	Prue couldn 't stop the shuddering at the thought of that bastard touching anyone .
tr	NN	But we have the technology .
tr	NN	I officially had a hangover from hell .
tr	NN	You can fulfill your oath and stay far out of harm 's way .
tr	NN	Give me a god damn old-fashioned hover craft any day -- at least we know what da hell it can do .
tr	NNS	I scan the well-stocked shelves , run my fingers over the boxes of cereal and rice , the identical jars of peanut butter , a half-dozen jams .
tr	NNS	What better way to polish off your skills than in the heat of battle once more ?
tr	NN	She pocketed the vial of blood and walked the aisle , scanning for a better pen .
tr	NN	Please have some patience .
tr	NN	" I 've nurtured your talent for years .
tr	NNS	I know the youths like that . "
tr	NNS	The Silent Brothers never opened their mouths , never spoke or laughed or screamed .
tr	NNS	I could in fact hear the noises inside .
tr	NN	She had the lowest error rate in the office and had for a year now .
tr	NNS	Someone continually thwarted his best efforts .
tr	NN	Like I say , he took a shine to me .
tr	NN	When his clear blue eyes stared up at her , she felt her knees quiver .
tr	NN	While I waited , I opened the file on Gillespie 's company .
tr	NN	' You Have A Talent .
tr	NN	" I 'll solve your code if you don 't get to this table .
tr	NNS	He put some coins on the counter .
tr	NNS	He found few errors , and was satisfied that the Battalion clerk 's responsibilities were being met .
tr	NNS	He let out a hiss of pain and shuddered a few times , but then his breathing steadied .
tr	NN	He placed the battery and the clock aside before throwing its housing on the floor with the rest of the debris .
tr	NN	She made an impatient gesture with her hand and barked a little laugh .
tr	NN	" Oh my god ! "
tr	NN	He smirked a dangerous smirk .
tr	NNS	I toss our other anchors back into the pack and leave out the socks and my extra shirt .
tr	NN	They each removed a boot and , after counting down from three , hurled it across the beach .
tr	NN	She wore a single strand of pearls , real no doubt .
tr	NNS	The two girls jumped backwards , away from the obviously agitated bride .
tr	NN	Sam didn 't answer , intent on listening to Keating .
tr	NN	On the last bar he strummed a chord but with a flick of the wrist knocked the guitar onto the back pickup and ramped its volume up .
tr	NNS	We had many arguments about it but she wouldn 't listen .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	I 'd taken American Lit with him the semester before .
tr	NN	Lifting her shirt , he kissed one erect nipple before shifting to the other , circling it with his tongue .
tr	NNS	We ordered three pasta dishes and two bottles of sparkling water .
tr	NNS	I had their positions fixed in my head .
tr	NNS	Gregor was sorry Temp was injured but , on the plus side , he could now tell the roaches apart .
tr	NN	I want the full legal status that I 'm entitled to . "
tr	NNS	Fifty thousand dollars . "
tr	NNS	Along the way , he grabbed two plates and filled them up with the leftovers from the appetizers .
tr	NN	She won 't tell anybody . "
tr	NN	I had a goal I had to meet .
tr	NNS	She tossed back the covers , raced toward her clothing , scooped up the bundle and ducked into the lavish bathroom only to skid to a halt .
tr	NNS	They are only keeping the US facilities .
tr	NNS	In the same way , Dan had shed the confines of his crippled brain and with it the flawed logic of a mentally ill mind .
tr	NNS	She flipped the pages hurriedly , trying to take her mind off things .
tr	NNS	Glory put back the boxers and moved to browse the gadgets .
tr	NN	None of them could fulfil the task .
tr	NNS	Frozen The trapdoor slowly rose a few inches , and Boy 412 peered out .
tr	NN	They had admitted defeat .
tr	NN	Wearing a pair of shorts and a sweat soaked t-shirt , it didn 't take a rocket scientist to guess he 'd been running .
tr	NNS	" You need three gold coins to get to your precious Tommy .
tr	NN	He felt the projected illusion mesh with the probe 's electronic functions .
tr	NNS	He had the connections . "
tr	NN	I snatched the tin and slammed it on the bench .
tr	NNS	It was vaulted halls and chambers of marble and granite built into a towering hill .
tr	NNS	" What sites have you done ? "
tr	NN	With her he could look into the heart of chaos and glimpse the ultimate goal of the ancient art , the Philosopher 's Stone .
tr	NNS	He liked the little knobs and toggles and gauges of cockpits , and he liked the technological backwardness of the simple clasp seat belts .
tr	NNS	She has two or three pairs . "
tr	NNS	All this kissing and not a lot of touching had left her breathless with want .
tr	NNS	" So we 've got two factions .
tr	NN	" People magazine , probably . "
tr	NNS	My officers and I , well , we 're , chasing some particularly dangerous criminals .
tr	NN	" Anyone doubt that assumption . "
tr	NNS	Gods , this man had more mood swings than a pregnant woman .
tr	NN	Evan grabbed his crossbow and quiver and strapped them to his back again , then twisted around and jumped off the wall into the alleyway below .
tr	NNS	If you miss an obstacle , hit an obstacle or destroy an obstacle , then you receive no points .
tr	NN	Kathleen resisted the urge to stroke a comforting hand over his broad back .
tr	NNS	" If she skims the deck once , she can more or less track the cards , even once they 're shuffled . "
tr	NNS	" Trying to figure you out since you don 't give excuses or reasons . "
tr	NNS	Because things were really hopping in Texas , Ben Sawyer was paying him a whopping five dollars a week .
tr	NNS	Seth slid the clips across his dinner table so that they were beside Nina .
tr	NN	A surge of excitement made her tremble .
tr	NN	My dad had a beard and a knit hat that looked filthy , and he was wearing a T-shirt that said " The Melvins . "
tr	NN	I would have expected a little more bloody loyalty from my wife .
tr	NNS	But if you do that , you cut yourselves off .
tr	NNS	And I 'm not busting his balls for the gaming .
tr	NN	The appearance of the blade in his hand strengthened his resolve further , and the barrier was soon a steel wall .
tr	NN	He now had proof of miniscule quantities of the same product on the soles of the feet .
tr	NNS	" I 'm getting direct reports . "
tr	NN	" Indeed you have foresight my lord , but I wonder why you have not seen that you have no chance in my heart . "
tr	NN	Soon she was crying , her relief overwhelming even her joy .
tr	NN	When you 're my mate , we 'll get that Collar off you , and you can be my second .
tr	NN	He indicated the smudged carbon .
tr	NN	Neither Frederick nor Leopold had ever visited the estate while their father was alive .
tr	NN	One hand continued to hold the phone to her ear , the other rubbed her temple to ward off the sudden ache .
tr	NNS	" Come on dear , tell Uncle Fred your troubles . "
tr	NN	I suppressed the urge to laugh .
tr	NN	He brushes a strand of hair out of my face .
tr	NNS	" It will take brains and brawn ... I know we can do it . "
tr	NNS	We do not have any supplies !
tr	NN	He looked a little sheepish .
tr	NNS	They brandished farming utensils with pointy ends and terrified faces that made Kalen cough with laughter .
tr	NN	If they come at us , I 'll throw a wad of cash on the ground .
tr	NN	She had long held respect for their story .
tr	NNS	We have quite a few material restrictions .
tr	NNS	Her action spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't help but feel butterflies inside my stomach at the sight of those blue eyes on me .
tr	NN	Ryan pulls one steak off and hands it to me , taking the other for himself .
tr	NNS	She came to a halt a few paces in front of me , clasping her hands in front of her torso like a demure schoolgirl .
tr	NN	Would you like a soda or perhaps coffee while you wait ? "
tr	NNS	Many of them sported hairs so fine that they could not possibly have come from an adult .
tr	NNS	Most of the Italians can understand the basics in English , and they 're quick to go with their first impulse .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the Pack puts funds together to accomplish that .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods you 're here .
tr	NN	Whenever a shape appeared more than once , she gave it a nickname , no matter how tenuous the connection .
tr	NNS	I also do special creations , and a real model would give my store the unique edge it deserves ! "
tr	NNS	He shook the compass , holding it close to his ear .
tr	NNS	Our crime scene guy took fingerprints and we 're running those . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	We 'll order pizza . "
tr	NN	" I will arrange privacy for our next outing . "
tr	NNS	Maura handed us all business cards .
tr	NN	Setting my thoughts free like that has proved the equivalent of making love to her on paper .
tr	NNS	The next torture Ant had endured in prison had been having his fingernails pulled .
tr	NN	" At least he gave me a discount . "
tr	NNS	" Harper , Grimes " Elias addressed his bodyguards .
tr	NN	I mumbled something vile and kicked the door .
tr	NN	He ran the video back and forth , studying Watson and the driver of the Camaro .
tr	NNS	" Want some more , then , smartass ? "
tr	NNS	That man 's selling strawberries .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to give her backside a smack .
tr	NN	Then I found a dead crow with its beak stuck in the screen .
tr	NNS	He eyed the shelves .
tr	NN	I could hear her pen tapping furiously on her clipboard .
tr	NN	His fingers touch the material as one of the guards appears in the doorway .
tr	NN	' He suffers so greatly , my lord .
tr	NN	I hated his poetry and it 's all we did for ages in English class .
tr	NNS	A soft glow lit the houses as families went about their evening routines .
tr	NN	He drops the backpack and then falls to the floor knees first .
tr	NNS	They reexamined the clouds , which were getting darker by the minute .
tr	NN	Six feet three inches tall , he nearly skimmed the mistletoe dangling from her door frame .
tr	NNS	He had summoned the gods over and over , praying , begging , all to no avail .
tr	NNS	The tentacles tore the mattress apart .
tr	NNS	The captain , quite mesmerized by Sarah , offered them accommodations at his small house in town where his widowed mother resided with three servants .
tr	NN	" Make an appointment with my grandmother ?
tr	NNS	" I remember the battlements at Calderon .
tr	NNS	She twirled her wineglass by the stem , watching the pale yellow liquid sheet up one side and down the other .
tr	NN	I had the sudden urge to run and throw myself on the bed and jump up and down on it like a little kid .
tr	NNS	" Brides are allowed all sorts of latitude to be irrational at their weddings , but you 're going to have to explain that one . "
tr	NN	She had too much responsibility to let any part of her brain be occupied by borrowed trouble .
tr	NNS	A table held runes and weapons , and a tall glass case held an egg made of gold , enamel , and precious stones .
tr	NN	I vaguely remember the baseball diamond .
tr	NN	He listened some more , his chin resting on top of his fingertips .
tr	NN	" Slap your thigh with your free hand . "
tr	NNS	We attracted two more companions in the city - my ex-girlfriend , Debbie Hemlock , and Steve Leopard .
tr	NNS	He 'd only been videotaping his victims for ten .
tr	NN	I swallowed the knot in my throat , thinking , knowing he was about to tell me something horrible .
tr	NN	By relinquishing his powers , Max had also severed the thrall that Lilith had imposed upon him years ago .
tr	NNS	His careful inspection revealed several long blond hairs that had stuck into the congealed gore .
tr	NNS	The long brick buildings had slate roofs , and small windows peppered the walls .
tr	NN	My son and I have been getting some free lab equipment from the university .
tr	NNS	" White witches do weenie spells .
tr	NNS	The workmen were cutting blocks off the top of the face , and the whole thing just gave way and collapsed .
tr	NNS	Don 't change any major policies , and don 't sign any treaties .
tr	NNS	" On the rooftop , he was countering Calliope 's abilities .
tr	NN	" Matt , I have another confession .
tr	NN	I feel a large , warm hand resting on my shoulder , and it 's instantly comforting .
tr	NN	He 'd given her a glimpse of ... perfection .
tr	NN	" Here you go , no harm done , right ?
tr	NN	My wife no longer juggled the universe .
tr	NNS	Mr. Smith had captured Dustin 's attentions and neither noticed when she stopped , staring at a picture on the wall .
tr	NNS	I do not like needles .
tr	NNS	She hardly felt his movements until his mouth closed greedily over her nipple .
tr	NNS	It had several ricochet marks on its shell .
tr	NNS	Not to be put off , Lucky redoubled his efforts , crawling over Eliot 's slumped body and sniffing into his ear .
tr	NN	The Hercules aircraft , that 's what they 're called , have long range , three hundred sixty degree radar systems on board .
tr	NN	I pressed End , dropping my phone on the small counter before walking into the bathroom .
tr	NNS	He 's wearing khaki slacks and a black shirt , tucked in at the waist .
tr	NNS	" Frank gave me directions to the vet but we 'll have to wait until they open ... around eight , I think . "
tr	NN	He had used a grocery cart to get it all back home .
tr	NNS	I hand out a few more cheese samples and look back for Dante .
tr	NN	As it stood now , though , Logan Whittaker , as handsome and compelling as he was , couldn 't hold a candle to Sage Lassiter .
tr	NN	" I seek your forgiveness , yes . "
tr	NNS	What he did next trumped Jon 's efforts tenfold , as he answered her in Japanese .
tr	NNS	It was then I spotted the blueprints for the Covenant lying out on the table .
tr	NNS	I have many computer references that would make this job much easier and faster not to mention internet services to other Universities . "
tr	NN	Violet noticed a nervous twitch in the woman 's left eye .
tr	NNS	" They ate the dinosaurs ? "
tr	NNS	Dollop had faced down armies on his own , so how a stare from a midget nearly reduced him to tears was beyond him .
tr	NN	Alex quickly studied every detail of her background , searching urgently for anything that could help her .
tr	NNS	When they finished , Randy pulled two beers out of the refrigerator , and they headed out onto the deck to relax .
tr	NNS	He hadn 't checked pockets .
tr	NNS	A smile twisted her luscious , ruby-red lips .
tr	NN	As much as she hurt , she felt a tide of anger welling up from deep inside .
tr	NN	I tentatively sipped the liquid and found it was the right temperature to drink .
tr	NN	Tibor began the difficult task of drinking coffee .
tr	NNS	" - they followed his actions , suspicious of where he had come from .
tr	NNS	I repainted my fingernails .
tr	NN	At once , Mariah 's head whipped around , her eyes narrowing on the mirror .
tr	NNS	I gave examples of the wisdom of Solomon , builder of the most magnificent temple of his age .
tr	NNS	From chasing wolves , of course .
tr	NN	For upon it we discovered life equivalent to that of ourselves .
tr	NN	openly , so that the earl would know he had defied his command , or to do it clandestinely so that they wouldn 't be interrupted .
tr	NNS	" Launch your ships .
tr	NNS	You have skills and you have a brain .
tr	NNS	He flattened his palms on the table .
tr	NN	He recalled the lesson from the guards about approaching each situation with caution and preparedness .
tr	NN	Tell me every detail . "
tr	NNS	I 'd seen Jamie work miracles , but this was my mother I had to convince .
tr	NNS	The side that looks more like a gear represents what 's inside , the changes . "
tr	NNS	Hugging him one more time , I tuck the covers around him and kiss his head .
tr	NN	It would at least give him a little privacy ... and herself .
tr	NN	He was holding a shoe .
tr	NNS	" You two can sling insults , call each other names , and even kill each other later .
tr	NN	He 'd read an article once that said smells evoked the strongest memories .
tr	NNS	He has his good points , but everything 's about him .
tr	NN	He turned the knob slowly .
tr	NNS	They 've still got poisonous fangs , though . '
tr	NN	The police were still investigating the theft and return of the Stone of Destiny .
tr	NN	Not everyone gets your humor , Dom . "
tr	NN	She heard another growl on her left .
tr	NN	Matt can have the rifle , but keep it out of sight .
tr	NNS	Therefore they could not tell the doctors what was going on , because they themselves did not know how to explain there memories of the past centuries .
tr	NNS	" You have security cameras here , right ?
tr	NN	Before joining the witches , however , Adrian and I first had a much-needed reunion with some of our friends .
tr	NN	She stifled the urge to give Trey a tight hug and blow the whole gig .
tr	NNS	We took photographs of both the Presidential Palace and the cathedral where Francisco Pizarro was buried .
tr	NNS	He lifted the long , slender boards and piled them in the back of the truck , filling it up .
tr	NNS	Again she saw underwater photographs decorating the walls .
tr	NN	She should have been rehearsing her Emmy acceptance speech .
tr	NN	They reached the location which Kaylee identified as one of the entry spots for the soldiers to reach the surface .
tr	NN	" I propose a temporary truce , in order that we may confer . "
tr	NNS	Or what all you had down here , so I brought plates and drinks and stuff , too . "
tr	NN	You have talent , but you are barely a sapling .
tr	NN	Peering into the darkness , I saw a large cage pushed up against one wall of the van .
tr	NN	At that time we didn 't have the technology we have now . "
tr	NNS	She 'd done the paranormal classes that the agents took , too .
tr	NN	I remember a maelstrom of activity .
tr	NNS	He drew crowds like a celebrity and women clamored to get his attention .
tr	NNS	I took two breaths .
tr	NN	I quickly took off the white night gown I was wearing and put on a blue dress instead .
tr	NN	He picked up the dry cloth Isaac had brought from the basket .
tr	NNS	" They will be attending your classes , eating with you at meals . "
tr	NNS	' Keeping tabs on me ? '
tr	NNS	But for the first time since I 'd met this half of my family tree , I couldn 't just temper my reactions to theirs .
tr	NNS	We use other terms , but that one is more to the point here -- AI could never form in human space .
tr	NN	This whole affair had an aspect of lunacy .
tr	NNS	She and her ex-husband found the items . "
tr	NNS	The headlights lit up the weeds , still whipping , bugs flying up from the impact .
tr	NN	Offering an apologetic smile , he lowers his trident instead of bringing it to attention .
tr	NNS	He comes to an abrupt halt six inches from me , when he finally notices there 's someone else in the driveway .
tr	NN	Wanted to be inside her , feel her heat contracting around him .
tr	NN	Receiving no response , Defense dispatched two skirmish craft to identify and investigate .
tr	NN	He pulls a small glass vial from his pocket just like the one he took my blood in .
tr	NNS	Then we would have exclusive rights to this technology , which is going to revolutionize textile manufacturing .
tr	NNS	With these exceptional facilities available to us , we also have adequate facilities for the staff who man these emergency centres .
tr	NNS	The moment the wind shifted , it would carry our combined scents to the monsters .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want any excuses from you when I win . "
tr	NNS	" I never tell lies , Ant . "
tr	NN	He therefore declined the urge to ask further questions for the present .
tr	NNS	Leaning forward , I grabbed both her tits and squeezed .
tr	NNS	And in the city thinking Protestants were joining movements aimed at the removal of the bar which separated the Catholic Irish from us Protestants .
tr	NN	She pushed a curtain out of the way and found herself looking too far down at white ground .
tr	NN	A grainy video filled the monitor .
tr	NNS	I sense the adjustments he makes , guiding the ship in response to my cues .
tr	NN	" Go grab that pencil and paper and follow her . "
tr	NNS	My pop underestimated the ruthlessness of his coworkers .
tr	NNS	" Put those boards back and let them wonder what the crows happened in there . "
tr	NNS	Outside its solid grey doors stood two sentries .
tr	NNS	Imps were considered unwanted distractions to space explorers , so long-range capabilities weren 't researched .
tr	NN	I picked up the coffeepot and lifted a brow in his direction .
tr	NN	What the fuck is wrong with you ?
tr	NN	" You could be dismantling our equipment now and take anything you gleaned from it . "
tr	NNS	The anger flashing across her sweaty face gave Dean the creeps .
tr	NNS	" I got my suspicions .
tr	NN	Kimbra watched the planet spin to beneath them .
tr	NNS	Mordecai , on his side , had his visions of a disciple , and I corresponded with the image his longing had created .
tr	NN	You could have a flight attendant reunion at the spa , if you want .
tr	NN	I feel a short pang of guilt for thinking she was a heartless bitch .
tr	NN	I had once hurt my back playing basketball .
tr	NN	I hear a slow , steady clicking and look up to see Einstein standing in the kitchen doorway .
tr	NN	She comes and takes the towel from Octavia 's hands .
tr	NN	Shah , the wide ocean , stretched away on all sides , the only break that odd patch of brown farther to the south .
tr	NN	A police officer gave me the t-shirt after they found it on the beach , after he 'd gone missing .
tr	NNS	I set aside my chopsticks .
tr	NN	They hit the North Beach cafe well before the dinner rush , and easily scored a table by the glass doors .
tr	NN	He 'll be tearing out his beard in frustration before he leaves . "
tr	NNS	Don 't want any chances of them escaping . "
tr	NNS	Now , at last , we finally have the right allies and the right opportunity .
tr	NN	Soon , they will enter The Choosing and be given a permanent position in Society .
tr	NN	" You didn 't put the bid in for me ? "
tr	NN	Moments later , through the crowd , Chris saw the bright red sheen of an old fire engine .
tr	NN	" Well , like I said , Hayley only got a glimpse , but well , Izzy was covered in blood . "
tr	NNS	And , according to what I hear , the sheriff doesn 't have any leads on whoever shot your good buddy .
tr	NN	She nodded mournfully , too water-logged to make any cynical parallel to Jake 's attitude to women .
tr	NNS	We 've got two armies coming at us . '
tr	NNS	We didn 't have sons , you see , and having a grandson was like a beautiful gift . '
tr	NNS	I quickly gather up my items and I practically ran out the door .
tr	NN	I run my fingertip around the rim of the cup .
tr	NNS	The Manager sounded envious .
tr	NN	That it 's good ter eat fer both cold and warm folk ?
tr	NN	It had picked out a particularly nice hill to land upon , as it always did .
tr	NN	Then she came across an article titled : " Long Distance Relationships : How To Make Them Work . "
tr	NN	A new ripple of fear slithered down my spine , but I pushed forward with renewed determination .
tr	NNS	Without saying another word , Susan pushed past Brandon and walked back outside .
tr	NN	Nick built a shrine to her .
tr	NN	You surely have a talent . "
tr	NNS	After all , without the mirror , you wouldn 't have your precious Cyrus by your side . "
tr	NN	Little by little I shared every detail I could remember about it .
tr	NNS	Blowing and sipping it slowly , he tasted bits of beef and a sweet flavour of lime .
tr	NN	Seth was finishing a second peanut butter and honey sandwich .
tr	NNS	Blinking , he renewed their shields , and cast sunglasses of ice .
tr	NNS	What in the world would smell like lemon ?
tr	NNS	All the while , I could see their salivating fangs , wondering how to exploit the situation .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs at me .
tr	NN	You can get treatment in a quality place .
tr	NNS	Without any measure of tenderness , César ripped off the fragments of her dress .
tr	NN	He spoils her rotten . "
tr	NNS	" Stop making jokes .
tr	NNS	Because that IV was pumping the drugs into her body .
tr	NN	Confused for a moment , she wiped drool from the side of her face and tried to remember where she was .
tr	NNS	" I would move the heavens and the earth for you .
tr	NNS	Sweat trickled down my temples .
tr	NNS	I got many scratches in my hands and legs just to get those berries , and nothing happened ! "
tr	NNS	The silence between them spoke volumes of what they each dared not to speak .
tr	NN	Billy unclipped the lid on the box and reached inside .
tr	NN	Well , he had a cart loaded with crates .
tr	NNS	I have no doubts that her father was serious .
tr	NN	" Fuck the publicity and the gossip .
tr	NN	I could feel an icy breeze working through the truck .
tr	NNS	I have temporarily accelerated the processes of your mind . "
tr	NNS	Lust and logic had fewer arguments , but louder voices , than his conscience .
tr	NNS	" They 're ' pursuing leads , ' whatever that means . "
tr	NNS	The Dead Sea Scrolls alone contain bits of a dozen different ones .
tr	NNS	Lightning lined the clouds .
tr	NNS	Ruined business , cost me clients .
tr	NNS	Those two obviously had issues . "
tr	NNS	Knox adds the peppers to the eggs and then mixes it up before pouring if into the frying pan .
tr	NN	I asked the bartender .
tr	NNS	I opened my senses further , and became flooded with power from very mature powerful supernaturals .
tr	NNS	" You guys are leaving too many tracks around here . "
tr	NNS	They 've had centuries to create accent and pattern , if not actual dialect . "
tr	NNS	Hiding from myself , that dream ... my desires .
tr	NNS	You 're using your talents too much .
tr	NNS	Animals , especially dogs , sometimes display senses only their masters understand .
tr	NNS	The cool air hit her senses first , then the quick thud of landing , which wasn 't all that soft .
tr	NN	" You 're talking serious celebration . "
tr	NNS	I just can 't have any complications in my life right now . "
tr	NNS	For this reason , there will be grief counselors on hand immediately following this assembly .
tr	NNS	I cancelled eight meetings in a row .
tr	NNS	He would join the ranks of the undead and there would be no one to destroy Lucian .
tr	NN	After a few hours of travel , Flynn picks up a thick branch and begins to carve it with his knife as we walk .
tr	NN	" Well , actresses who can 't act , waitress .
tr	NNS	They know the heavens and its movements better than we ever will , and they have known for hundreds , if not thousands of years .
tr	NN	You 're carrying my reputation .
tr	NN	They had a mere handful of seconds before the gates unlocked .
tr	NNS	" I have many , " he said , my attempts at luring him down working .
tr	NNS	Maybe Nora would have her cleaning chamber pots .
tr	NN	Emma dragged her duffel to a bench under the awning and sat down to rest .
tr	NN	Still , she said a silent prayer for her daughter 's well-being and promised herself she 'd call later and check up .
tr	NNS	But they have fallen ill , victims of a debilitating fever . "
tr	NNS	He 'd read enough spy novels to know it was always the seductress in the pub that was up to no good .
tr	NN	Project Blue Book never completed its task but was ordered shut down in January 1970 once the Condon Report was published .
tr	NN	While downtown traffic was heavy most of the time in that time period , Sunday mornings almost always had light traffic .
tr	NNS	She rested some coins on the counter to give the impression that she had approached so as to settle her account .
tr	NN	Remember The Thin Man ?
tr	NN	The plankton must have entered the shaft through a fissure in the ice that allowed ocean water to seep in . "
tr	NNS	I placed my palms against the rough exterior of the paneling .
tr	NNS	The sea of male backs surged past Eleanor , shutting her out .
tr	NN	Fortunately , the tow truck had a backseat so they could all fit inside .
tr	NNS	Then he called the flight crews for Air One and Air Two .
tr	NN	Cameron tugged the towel again , and the hot fire sent her over the top .
tr	NNS	Jennifer opened her thighs for him .
tr	NN	We contacted Akron and Summit County law enforcement , but they don 't have anything on Ali , and we didn 't want to pursue it .
tr	NN	Had Sinclair tried some controversial treatment on Riley that went bad ?
tr	NNS	One by one , Ezio wrecked twelve ships , but the chaos and panic were of great value .
tr	NN	I never lost consciousness .
tr	NNS	If cards were just outlawed to keep criminals away , then why is there so much fear and secrecy surrounding the playing cards ?
tr	NNS	Then it opened its jaws , and I felt the cold blue light wash over me , right before the wind shrieked forward to tear me apart .
tr	NNS	She carried two sleeping babies in her arms , and when she joined us , Benjy took one .
tr	NN	He opens the package and balances a contact on the tip of his finger .
tr	NNS	Standing under a hot shower felt glorious , but the second I turned off the water , I could hear Brazil and Raegan bickering .
tr	NNS	And Merry made the best steak pies he 'd ever tasted .
tr	NN	" What the fuck does that mean ? "
tr	NN	Charlie eyed her uncertainly .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	Within seconds he sucked her nipple into his mouth .
tr	NNS	The teens showed their palms in a gesture of innocence as Vinny and Raja entered Le Cafe coffee shop .
tr	NNS	They had advanced mathematics .
tr	NNS	With each person you kill , I am finding fewer and fewer excuses for remaining your friend . "
tr	NN	After I had bought the ticket , I entered the Museum .
tr	NN	I saw a glimpse of something in her laugh .
tr	NN	She takes the ribbon in her hand , feeling its satiny softness between her fingers .
tr	NN	" See any resemblance to me ? "
tr	NNS	" I had a few errands to do and misplaced my cellphone along the way . "
tr	NNS	Got the candles on the cake to prove it and everything . "
tr	NNS	Fire licking up the insides of my bones ... .
tr	NNS	You cannot have Lucius , not ever .
tr	NN	" He has the worst timing . "
tr	NN	With the hand towel in my free hand , I twisted the doorknob and pushed the door open .
tr	NNS	I don 't hear the regular noises of the City , the undercurrent of sound that is always there during the day merely from the people living .
tr	NNS	" I own all these houses . "
tr	NN	In both hands he grasped a sampling of the mail and lobbed his boss a puzzled stare , and time hung in limbo .
tr	NNS	I remembered the conclusions I 'd formed while on board the boat , and I groped for them through the haze of my thoughts .
tr	NN	" We need a condom .
tr	NN	With a brief wave to them , I pick the quilt up off the floor .
tr	NN	We start the siege and prepare everything else while they 're dealing with that .
tr	NN	" It is all right ; it is only my leg , " he reassured her hoarsely .
tr	NNS	You command the armies of the Central Dominance .
tr	NNS	As soon as she made this comment I saw several delegates striding toward us .
tr	NN	Before she could stop herself , Hanna shoved handful after handful of fries into her mouth .
tr	NN	What you need to do is pay more attention Enoch ! "
tr	NN	" I loved that film .
tr	NN	I shook out the muck still coating my fur and turned to go find something to kill .
tr	NNS	They ran several yards from the stable , then Lash eased Elliot to the ground , whirled and raced back inside .
tr	NN	He now understood Nicole 's intensely negative attitude towards it .
tr	NN	" Oh my god . "
tr	NNS	Perhaps he bought the rights , being a wealthy man .
tr	NN	So you might as well stop pretending , all right ?
tr	NN	You left this treasure sitting in the middle of your bed . "
tr	NNS	His smell was invading her senses , making the heat pool up in her core .
tr	NNS	He must have lost his contacts .
tr	NNS	I glimpse scales now against the black skin , a bit more definition to what I tend to think of as a formless thing .
tr	NN	You 're creating every detail of this scene with your subconscious .
tr	NNS	Camellia 's slippers made faint slapping noises on the floor .
tr	NN	There arose an aroma of ... pork pie ?
tr	NN	The bed had a floating sensation and her head felt like it was full of cotton wool .
tr	NNS	" He had serious doubts .
tr	NN	I saw her shudder a little .
tr	NN	I grabbed a pen and paper from the bedside and wrote it down .
tr	NN	As he came closer , she tilted her head backwards , trying to keep eye contact , but the man was just too tall !
tr	NN	" We destroyed the Fade processing plant .
tr	NN	The man tipped open the swinging lid of a garbage can and peered in .
tr	NNS	" Did you get those marks on your back from your brother ? "
tr	NNS	I 'd read enough magazines to learn how to do it just right .
tr	NNS	Wash off our fingerprints and say nothing .
tr	NNS	" Don 't feel jealous , little Tutu .
tr	NNS	So sometimes I light my candles and , you know ... " I try to sound nice , like I 'm playing ' good cop . '
tr	NNS	An hour later , she had two cake layers cooling on the racks behind her and she was pounding out chicken breasts .
tr	NN	I 'll bet the old pirate squandered it all . "
tr	NNS	She 'd refill coffees in about five minutes , offer the meat , bread , and cheese , and then close with the sweet rolls .
tr	NN	A river full of water made a mockery of the whole idea .
tr	NNS	To her , it represented several hundred dollars she wouldn 't dare tarnish since she couldn 't afford to replace it .
tr	NN	It had featured a male nurse who 'd murdered his mouthy , blonde wife .
tr	NN	Either he can 't hold his liquor ... or he prefers to be the only one sober .
tr	NNS	You 've mentioned sisters . "
tr	NNS	Some of these magicians have healing abilities .
tr	NNS	They shoot robots on sight . "
tr	NN	Could you believe that article about Arthur ?
tr	NN	He enjoyed the walks with Ruth , holding hands , except when someone was in sight .
tr	NNS	I gave off a few more shots , ending my clip .
tr	NN	Even through the darkness , the Wall of Flame was visible , a curtain of orange and red .
tr	NN	A wooden bridge spanned a washed-out moat , its boards newer and fitted with galvanized nails .
tr	NN	Nancy lifted the hem of her garment and stepped around the burning embers .
tr	NN	With each footfall there came the real possibility that he might step wrong .
tr	NNS	He and Shea have two sons .
tr	NN	At least take a bath once and awhile . "
tr	NN	" You are , " I said , my voice absent of sarcasm .
tr	NN	" You 'll not lead our clan to dishonor .
tr	NN	" You see this , " I gripped a handful of my hair .
tr	NN	Don 't they have cell phone reception on these cruises ?
tr	NNS	" I 've known Jess since we were kids .
tr	NN	Therein he kept his receiver , turntable , and compact disc player .
tr	NNS	" Montrose has made arrangements for you to depart tomorrow .
tr	NN	She felt a lump in her throat at the motherly gesture .
tr	NNS	" I 've been taking defensive driving classes . "
tr	NNS	" You should see the black cliffs tumbling into the sea in County Kerry . '
tr	NN	But I watched that damn clock on the wall all day long , creeping up the stairs several times to make sure she was okay .
tr	NNS	However , the agony of the hangover can do wonders for a man 's perception . "
tr	NNS	" At last they reloaded their canoes and pushed into the water again .
tr	NN	She felt a pang of remorse for telling her big secret out loud this way .
tr	NN	The Baron and his wife descended the inner staircase to the entrance hall .
tr	NN	Our society has just hit a bad stretch , but that will change , especially with men like you taking charge .
tr	NNS	Like Ash , they wore long , thin blades at their hips , and carried themselves with the easy grace of royalty .
tr	NN	Woodpecker climbed up the staircase , directing his walk towards the newly built Infirmary Conference Hall .
tr	NN	The pilot has the coordinates in a sealed envelope and he won 't open them until after takeoff .
tr	NNS	Can cows have orgasms if a vampire bites them ? "
tr	NN	He probably didn 't understand the meaning of her search .
tr	NN	Then he held up the scroll and said , " If you continue with this , you 're putting all three of us in danger . "
tr	NN	" It does have all our main weaponry and tech . "
tr	NNS	The software on the flash drive displayed all four camera shots simultaneously , each taking up one-fourth of the 30-inch flat panel monitor .
tr	NNS	" Ya don 't like cats , do ya ? "
tr	NNS	She watched her surroundings carefully as she walked .
tr	NN	" You do realize the decision to make us a final exam was arrived at without our input , much less our consent ?
tr	NNS	She found some sewing needles , thumb tacks , and safety pins by searching in the junk drawer .
tr	NNS	I hated my freckles .
tr	NN	Vee shook her towel out a few feet away and lathered her legs with baby oil .
tr	NN	You should never take the Covenant until you 're ready .
tr	NNS	In order to do as Andrew Jackson directed he required a few items and had no time to procure them himself .
tr	NN	Plus I 'm not leaving my granddaughter in an environment like this . "
tr	NN	She must have gasped or screamed as she stumbled back inside because they all looked up and Carlo shouted , " Oh fuck ! "
tr	NN	" And I don 't want my Commander to die too . "
tr	NNS	He could imagine the gaps in the sod , the places where the rain had washed it away , exposing shoes , pants , hands , chests .
tr	NN	He topped the ridge , breathing heavily , and stopped again to listen .
tr	NN	I start pacing the floor , needing to move because sitting still seems so maddening .
tr	NNS	He grabbed a few pebbles off the top step and tossed one against the cannery 's wall .
tr	NN	Chapter 23 Selena gently flicked a dark strand of hair from Xavier 's unwavering eyes .
tr	NN	Inside the car , I popped the CD that had the recording of Keller 's confession into the car 's CD player .
tr	NN	My name on his lips triggered my release and brought me along with him .
tr	NN	" I 've been given a deadline . "
tr	NN	She had a quality of ... stillness , or perhaps , serenity .
tr	NNS	Again , relying on hacked security certificates , Andy captures the logon data .
tr	NNS	One met bees in the garden .
tr	NN	He 'd ditched the pizza place uniform , discarding it in the same closet that now held an unconscious lab assistant .
tr	NN	I interpret the judgement of the king . ' '
tr	NNS	Looking over the railing she could see the next houses far below .
tr	NN	Fresh new ID for an alias Doctor Patrick Montgomery , PHD .
tr	NN	Not surprisingly her taunts made not the slightest impression in his cool composure .
tr	NN	" I don 't know your technology .
tr	NNS	Had my mother been making up her talents all this time ?
tr	NN	I fought the urge to cup her chin , to force her to look at me .
tr	NN	Neil snagged a notepad and pen last and checked out .
tr	NN	And her body was growing hotter and hotter .
tr	NN	" I have a hot pizza right next to me with extra cheese , sausage and black olives .
tr	NN	Then he had bundled and folded the heavy plastic into a tidy package that was about half the original size and almost opaque .
tr	NNS	They seduce their victims and feed on human life energy . "
tr	NNS	He picked up two pamphlets that were lying ready on his desk .
tr	NNS	" Before you give me too much credit , I did use some heavy-handed techniques where you were concerned . "
tr	NN	Eli avoided the shack with Nicholas still inside , slipping into the empty one he shared with Apple .
tr	NN	One of the men stretched a cloth across her mouth and tied it around the back of her head .
tr	NNS	I give her the thumbs up .
tr	NNS	With the carbon dust clogging their noses and gritty in the back of their mouths .
tr	NN	I turn the knob on the top right .
tr	NNS	The suggestions Martina had made brought the designs right back down to average .
tr	NNS	It caused some issues for both of them , but they loved each other too much to regret it .
tr	NNS	Behind them , the car crawled nearer and nearer , slipping and jolting until it slowed beside them .
tr	NN	Giving a little moan in the back of her throat .
tr	NNS	I copied her movements .
tr	NNS	They decreased our numbers and raised theirs .
tr	NNS	He fished around the pockets of his coat for his last pack of cigarettes , which he soon discovered to be empty .
tr	NNS	In the end , evolution will fill all those gaps created by a major die-off .
tr	NN	Then she started down the ramp to the dock .
tr	NN	When I worked at the bank , I 'd had the risk speech drilled into my head countless times .
tr	NNS	' Shall I tell the bees before I come , so you can get the tea ready ? '
tr	NNS	But he reminded his superiors that they had ordered Alain to resign from the army when he entered the contest .
tr	NNS	For the first few minutes , Nate and Trevor roamed the aisles of games , surveying the different ways to spend tokens .
tr	NNS	" But the Big Boss doesn 't give interviews . "
tr	NNS	It didn 't take Eris long to close the distance between them .
tr	NN	Aria drew her pistol from a concealed holster .
tr	NNS	We finish the dishes rather quickly and are wrapping up the remaining leftovers .
tr	NNS	I don 't blow off classes to sleep so I can dream .
tr	NNS	Edward had given him the basics , but what , to Edward , was basic ?
tr	NNS	I hate odd numbers .
tr	NN	We don 't really have a budget , though , so I would appreciate it if you could stay at your uncle 's place .
tr	NN	I urged the leech not to kick .
tr	NN	" Clearly I 'm not offering a competitive salary package .
tr	NN	I turned off the ignition , getting out of the car so I could open the door for Bryn again .
tr	NN	" Can 't you like look up her file ? "
tr	NNS	That must have been giving the President nightmares .
tr	NNS	It gave him the creeps .
tr	NNS	I had only two Saturday clients at the moment , and neither of them would be open the day after Christmas .
tr	NN	I owe you a debt that can never be repaid . "
tr	NNS	The fresh smell of rain saturated her senses .
tr	NN	" If it works , she 'll take the credit .
tr	NN	Marcus kept his face impassive .
tr	NNS	Whoever Geoffrey was , he was keeping tabs on her .
tr	NN	He laid his napkin down and stood .
tr	NN	I gave the file to him and pointed at the contusion .
tr	NNS	Mallory always loved roses , and , despite having to be in the hospital , frequently commented on how pretty the pattern was on her hospital gown .
tr	NNS	As the location of the band 's sleeping quarters , Dave was busily laying down mattresses while Deb was frantically fluffing pillows .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't had any opportunities to go far from home .
tr	NNS	He dropped his lips to hers , like every time they connected , Tara felt shudders of pleasure drifting down her body .
tr	NN	He gave her hand a squeeze .
tr	NN	The Professor never turns anybody away unless they give good reason .
tr	NNS	" The goblins don 't keep dogs .
tr	NN	" Everyone eats candy . "
tr	NN	It 's not real , I know , just the phantom ache of a broken heart .
tr	NN	Ken had made a proposal to us .
tr	NNS	A gust of wind shook the boards on the windows , but they were locked down tight .
tr	NNS	Shifters had survived all these centuries because of the things contained in their vaults .
tr	NNS	he asked a few blocks from my house .
tr	NNS	I picked up the dishes , and thought I 'd catch up on some laundry as well .
tr	NNS	Although , we have suffered over the last two winters and have had some poor crops . '
tr	NN	" I might make an exception with you . "
tr	NN	A low growl vibrated his ribcage and I felt it all the way up my body .
tr	NNS	The clerk was straightening ties when the Nordic and his partner ran through the door from the lobby .
tr	NNS	She 'd received first degree burns trying to put the flames out .
tr	NNS	My original family , with my parents , fled Nixon 's bombs , and ended up on the opposite side of the country .
tr	NN	Sitting up , I caught a glimpse of that more .
tr	NNS	I can 't gather enough wits .
tr	NNS	They had so many attractive items I was having a hard time choosing .
tr	NN	The Cardinal pulled out a document sheathed in plastic .
tr	NN	" Thank god it wasn 't a dream .
tr	NNS	The robots they 're turning out now have no brains at all . "
tr	NN	" Watched the most tragic story weave through the events around me ... helpless .
tr	NN	It left his clan with no option .
tr	NN	He probably resents the fortune you 've made , Dom .
tr	NN	As if she needed protection from me .
tr	NNS	She picked up her wineglass .
tr	NN	Bjorn stood over her , a deep furrow between his dark brows .
tr	NNS	She took another few gulps of air and started to feel dizzy .
tr	NN	He was leaving me no option to report him to the regulatory bodies and starting a process which might have brought this whole company down . "
tr	NN	I glared half-heartedly , but nodded my thanks .
tr	NNS	Take out your cameras : this one is sure to knock your socks off .
tr	NNS	Eventually she met Adonis , and that whole mess happened , and I was left in the dust . "
tr	NN	" She offered me a cocktail .
tr	NN	What possible release could there be for her , but death ?
tr	NNS	My mom carries over two plates of steaming food and sets one in front of me .
tr	NN	" Give the credit to Azazel .
tr	NN	It hits the Mog and pins him up against the wall , his bones crunching .
tr	NN	Searching along the bank he found a suitable branch and used it to retrieve his sodden clothes .
tr	NNS	I kept close tabs on him and kept dropping in when I could .
tr	NNS	Get a few cups of coffee in the old system .
tr	NNS	It would have stretched a woman senseless on the floor .
tr	NNS	Mattie had done wonders with my hair , winding it into an updo at the back of my head .
tr	NN	In the palm of his hand , black and crushed out of shape , and wet with sweat , Fat Charlie was holding a feather .
tr	NNS	The diamond bracelet cost fifty thousand dollars , but she had no intention of losing it .
tr	NN	It would help your uncle and I enormously .
tr	NNS	She smacked the cards on the table .
tr	NN	" Just call him the Old Man .
tr	NNS	I will not hunt , bite , or trade your contracts .
tr	NN	She scanned the index until she found Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare .
tr	NN	" Perhaps Adam had an argument with Kate ; she could have hit him and run off . "
tr	NNS	" A couple hundred dollars . "
tr	NN	" Into positions -- you know the drill .
tr	NNS	Houses and manors dressed its slopes , with a great oak tree as the crown .
tr	NN	He should have launched his dagger then and there .
tr	NN	" Shut your trap ! "
tr	NNS	Jenny checked her mirrors and pulled into the drive-thru lane .
tr	NNS	The cops pulled up chairs and accepted the coffee offered by the receptionist .
tr	NN	You should take some measure of pride in it . "
tr	NN	When she finished she reread the e-mail .
tr	NN	He felt her stiffen .
tr	NN	I can 't fathom that grief .
tr	NN	You obviously have no respect for authority .
tr	NNS	I only heard bits and pieces of their whispers .
tr	NN	Do you still suspect the depth of my commitment ?
tr	NNS	The hero has stricken down countless foes utilizing the same tired techniques , but the ninja doesn 't offer the same openings .
tr	NNS	Just follow directions , and it 'll all be over faster than you can say , ' Change your life . " '
tr	NN	I don 't know all the detail , but he talked your mum into mortgaging the property to buy a prize mob of sheep .
tr	NNS	Apparently , someone else is claiming rights to his property . "
tr	NNS	Just the slow steady ion engines . "
tr	NN	Hanna pushed a branch out of the way .
tr	NN	Your guy keeps the finder 's fee , you keep the money she gives you , and we all walk away from this deal happy . "
tr	NNS	She really had no skills but she was modestly attractive and could wear most anything successfully .
tr	NNS	He automatically catalogued her assets .
tr	NN	Or had he really seen the potential for a bright future with her ?
tr	NNS	" But maybe I should have bought him a compass , so he can find his way back to us if he gets lost . "
tr	NN	Mr. Skeeter turned the glare of disappointment on me and I shut up .
tr	NNS	He caught my wrist inches from his belly .
tr	NNS	' She didn 't like dogs . '
tr	NNS	Nick aimed his thumbs at his chest and grinned .
tr	NNS	Myles set the plates on the table .
tr	NN	Ainsley could give him her mother 's jewelry as collateral and pay him back once Ainsley received the money from the queen .
tr	NNS	He certainly hadn 't earned any rights at all .
tr	NNS	' Violet Lee - kidnapped and held hostage for months : her story has reached millions of dark beings and humans alike and touched many hearts .
tr	NN	Before everything had fallen apart at Moffett Field , the two men had discussed the possibility of setting up a new cell on the east coast .
tr	NN	We swore vengeance , and vengeance will be served . "
tr	NN	She had faith that with God , all things are possible . "
tr	NN	' She 'll make some village a very serviceable witch one day . '
tr	NN	Helen leaned a hip against the side of her boss 's desk and crossed her arms over her chest .
tr	NNS	We found tracks in our campsite yesterday afternoon after returning from canoeing and didn 't think much about it .
tr	NNS	' Oh , Mam , I do hope not , ' Orla agreed fervently .
tr	NN	How had I missed that feature before ?
tr	NN	Normally a private person , Corinne had a compelling urge to tell him the most personal details of her life .
tr	NNS	I hear fearful murmurs behind me , but despite my faint lurch of panic , I don 't surrender .
tr	NNS	Men pouted and held their pints high to their chests , knowing full well that certain older American women like her can be terrifying creatures .
tr	NN	I have full faith that , together , we can achieve what no one thought possible ! "
tr	NNS	Funny how one little phrase can ignite reactions faster than my blazing fire .
tr	NNS	He took out several coins .
tr	NN	When the nearly endless 30-minute drive finally came to a conclusion , the boy tore the ribbon off his box .
tr	NNS	' Or one of those second-hand shops . '
tr	NN	Didn 't I already consider that possibility ?
tr	NN	" I 'm having brunch with the AG in the morning .
tr	NNS	I skimmed my palms over his biceps .
tr	NNS	" Come my young heroes all of Asgard awaits . "
tr	NNS	She was having all the wrong reactions to this experiment meant to test Charlie 's defenses .
tr	NNS	The burning fuel slid off the shields , and flames erupted on the pavement .
tr	NNS	Jackson and Michelle attended a few weddings here in the past .
tr	NNS	" I don 't see any bees so I think you 're safe . "
tr	NNS	A handprint on blue construction paper that said " Happy Father 's Day " in a young child 's sloppy writing confirmed her suspicions .
tr	NN	Stuart half turned and said over his shoulder , ' By the way , I have an appointment to see Sister Brookes tomorrow morning .
tr	NN	Nature has a strange , calming effect on people .
tr	NNS	At the mention of Satara 's name , more than half of the demons made disgusted noises .
tr	NN	He was running up the hill towards Altair , his sword swinging as he swiped at a fleeing woman .
tr	NN	You have your injured Called , and he is suitably from the town , so he has a stake in those he is watching over .
tr	NNS	" You had other babies in your dream ? "
tr	NN	Although the man was no longer convulsing , he had still not regained consciousness .
tr	NN	Emma had made an appointment to talk with her late this morning .
tr	NNS	I 'd grabbed assignments out of several houses on this street .
tr	NN	When he came to , Gregor was lying facedown on what felt like a large rock .
tr	NN	My father , smiling , gave Logan a swift pat on the back before walking back into the house .
tr	NNS	We 'll take our positions as arranged and will be on channel 4 if you need us . "
tr	NNS	" I saw the remains of it while collecting firewood . "
tr	NNS	I saw balloons and banners saying " Happy Birthday . "
tr	NNS	Waiters were walking up and down the aisles with trays of various meats .
tr	NN	He found a snake in his bed , some dung in his shoe .
tr	NN	Several platoons had reached this trench and there must have been about a thousand of us , probably more .
tr	NN	Lifting his head he watched her dress stretch as she straddled him .
tr	NNS	She could see the two figures struggling beneath the great oak tree quite clearly .
tr	NNS	He almost had all his chores completed , but almost did not equal complete .
tr	NNS	He dug his fingernails in .
tr	NNS	Or maybe she just liked tellin ' folks what she knew ?
tr	NNS	' Facing terrible dangers ? '
tr	NN	You got that Zoey ? "
tr	NN	She used a glitter body cream like a stripper , but I didn 't judge , and Shane liked it .
tr	NNS	" He and half the other men in town are all out in the woods with guns , hunting giant wolves . "
tr	NNS	You will see small numbers associated to the cameras .
tr	NN	Why would they dare open a Gate into the Sanctuary ? "
tr	NNS	Write equations on a dusty chalkboard and stare at it for hours ?
tr	NN	" Your stomach looks flatter , you look fitter , and you seem to be able to jog for a change . "
tr	NN	' Fill this up , no cream . '
tr	NN	Chapter 16 ( Continued ) I pulled my assault rifle around , switching it to frag mode and leveling down .
tr	NN	She 'd considered the possibility of A being on board , too .
tr	NNS	Merchants and traders covered the roads with vast array of goods and weaponry .
tr	NN	Chrissie feigned a second yawn as if she couldn 't care less .
tr	NN	She pulled a rifle from a closet and handed it to Charles .
tr	NN	With a sigh that came all the way from her toes , she pulled open a drawer that held one of many flashlights in her home .
tr	NN	Freda , of course , found a vase .
tr	NNS	I 'll do all the chores ! "
tr	NN	I have a duty to my client ... " " Hemisphere Air ?
tr	NN	Chris tapped a fork against a glass , cleared his throat and stood next to his new wife by the head table .
tr	NNS	The new arrivals filled their plates and joined the circle .
tr	NNS	I had no doubts about how I felt .
tr	NN	Serena laughed then waved the server over for the bill .
tr	NNS	Breaking a silence that had felt stifling , she wiped her sweaty palms on her sundress .
tr	NN	I cracked the whip and spun in a circle , sending more currents into it as I felt it meet the resistance of bodies .
tr	NN	She cheerfully pulls a smoothie blender down from a shelf .
tr	NNS	I don 't pull no cheap stunts like that .
tr	NN	She inhaled the pleasant aroma of coffee wafting through the air , but the smell of the cheese toast of the disturbing .
tr	NNS	Can you not put aside your desires for the thrill of the hunt for a few small hours ? "
tr	NNS	I cannot even feel its coolness as our bodies intertwine .
tr	NNS	This time we had exchanged numbers .
tr	NN	It had been said the first clan to discover a means to reach the stars would be the richest clan in the galaxy .
tr	NNS	We should be concentrating our efforts on finding women to continue our race , not fighting off vampire hunters .
tr	NNS	" I want our families to be there and I already asked Miranda to be in the room with me .
tr	NNS	Later , Sarah quietly did the dishes and let David sleep .
tr	NN	They probably don 't use much technology themselves -- no computers or cellphones or indoor plumbing ... " Horrendous nodded .
tr	NNS	To put it mildly , I got some serious social issues .
tr	NN	Each time he broke free , I saw the torment in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Then he found the shelves that held the ammo , and he stocked up on box after box of bullets .
tr	NN	I 've got a bat , and I 'll use it if I have to . "
tr	NNS	Laughing and cheering and candid expressions of love and appreciation accompanied the tales .
tr	NNS	They were consenting adults and there was just no use in them suffering , when they could both so easily relieve each other 's pain .
tr	NN	Chapter 27 Kara held the gauntlet and moved it in her hands and looked at it .
tr	NN	She closed another drawer .
tr	NN	But for this choice he could recall no counsel .
tr	NNS	Jerry held the reins in his hand .
tr	NNS	" I save my cajoling powers for negotiations .
tr	NN	The angle gave her enough leverage to tighten her arms around his neck .
tr	NNS	With Brian , she 'd had no doubts .
tr	NNS	From their perspective on the ledge , Deckard could make out at least six figures .
tr	NN	He picked up a wiring diagram out of pocket .
tr	NNS	He dragged the coals out into the room and it set fire to the house before he died .
tr	NNS	" When I was seven , my best friend blew out the candles on my birthday cake .
tr	NNS	" Small increments of time won 't have dramatic changes in the coordinates .
tr	NN	' Can we not do a more detailed screening ? '
tr	NNS	His own family in Scotland had no connections .
tr	NN	I ran my fingertip over the glowing red button .
tr	NN	" A little jostling never hurt anybody .
tr	NN	I lay my rifle against my lap , then rested my head against the base of a small tree .
tr	NNS	Some days she couldn 't even get vegetables so like many others she had resorted to eating grass .
tr	NN	He took the cloth off the box to see if there was anything it - there wasn 't .
tr	NNS	He could easily bypass the light coast guard ships surrounding the metropolis and thus the baron couldn 't trace him .
tr	NN	As they passed Mikey , Milos gave him a friendly clap on the back , which just made Mikey pull his shoulders in even tighter .
tr	NNS	I saw Gage shoot daggers at us from across the way .
tr	NNS	" I kept tabs , but it was difficult to get the details with Sasha two inches from my face .
tr	NNS	Mimicking me , Marcie flipped her palms up .
tr	NN	He had a desert rifle strapped to his back , and two short-range rock razors on his hips .
tr	NN	Daniel ignored the bleeding he had caused , and after setting the scalpel down , told Jeremy to take a deep breath .
tr	NNS	I pressed my throbbing temples .
tr	NNS	" I have more surprises for you . "
tr	NN	With Simon , she always craved his total possession .
tr	NNS	His hot breath on my ear gave me the creeps , but I wasn 't ready to turn and face him yet .
tr	NN	" Simmer down , boy , " Grant Ryland was now the calm one facing an irate opponent .
tr	NN	Reaching over , he gave my hand a reassuring squeeze .
tr	NN	Muscles protesting in dizzying agony , he walked around the rock pile and retrieved the fallen bat .
tr	NN	She 'd probably ban my hobby .
tr	NN	Now Stuart felt disgust .
tr	NNS	Frances extracted several coins from her purse , and thrust them into Crispin 's hand .
tr	NN	A door slammed in the distance and moments later Miss Gates descended the marble staircase .
tr	NN	And if their cooperation didn 't appease Amy 's jealousy ?
tr	NN	I will need pen and paper to make it legal . "
tr	NNS	She would not have had those terrible nightmares and had to scream in her sleeps .
tr	NNS	It gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	Hopping off the bike , she took off her backpack and exchanged some of its contents .
tr	NN	He resumed his uphill climb .
tr	NN	She just laughs and continues the second batch of pancakes .
tr	NN	I tasted tape on his lips , mint on his tongue .
tr	NNS	Aunt Zelda was lighting her storm candles and placing them in the windows .
tr	NN	Carmine picked up his fork and poked at the food , his stomach queasy .
tr	NNS	I have enough connections to find us a witch powerful enough to break the curse .
tr	NN	We share your grief at the unfortunate accidents among you , but the Project must continue . "
tr	NN	Maybe he wasn 't earning a fortune but at least he was paying his way through life and keeping his integrity .
tr	NNS	" Get all your misses out today .
tr	NN	" Why should that one spot get detailed recording from the security robots ? "
tr	NN	And she had amazing bone structure .
tr	NN	Also , my breathing turned some oxygen in to carbon dioxide , which was captured by the suit 's CO2 filters .
tr	NNS	The tentacles released the mattress , the big pieces falling .
tr	NNS	I had ripped the pages out of my journal and thrown them away .
tr	NN	I did not believe it , ' he said with a dismissive shrug , the tone of his voice a very cold contrast to her heat .
tr	NNS	You miss those tall buildings and the sounds of traffic ? "
tr	NNS	Reginald showed the man his fangs and the man took his blanket and ran .
tr	NNS	He ignored the directors , who were whispering feverishly at the display .
tr	NN	He also preferred privacy , not because he didn 't love his family but because he and Seth shared a common love of freedom .
tr	NN	" You see that star right there ? "
tr	NNS	Spencer shifted positions so she could help Reefer pull his shirt over his head .
tr	NNS	The event would haunt his nightmares for some time .
tr	NN	He picked up a carrot slice and munched .
tr	NNS	The Assassin teaches the dangers of blindly believing in established faith but requires the Order 's followers to follow the Creed unquestioningly .
tr	NNS	Normally he only ate fruits , nuts and vegetables .
tr	NN	College lasted one semester and , at least in his case , was a wild , three-month ride .
tr	NN	As if the elf had ripped out a chunk of his soul , the young man felt his power drain as the two forces collided .
tr	NN	" Oh my goodness , it that fresh bread ? "
tr	NNS	" I saw those very birds from across The River .
tr	NN	We 'll never get any reception this deep underground . "
tr	NNS	" How many trips have you done , Amy ? "
tr	NNS	Senators , consuls , tribunes and more were running up and down the halls , screaming .
tr	NNS	He had only recently left the charred lands of the Destroyer behind him , and already , he had aged a millennium .
tr	NN	she asks the nurse .
tr	NN	The women began the healing chant , the longer version often used to retrieve the soul of someone who had died .
tr	NN	Justin paused the tape where Tori 's hand moved forward .
tr	NN	I took the narrow , empty hallways by the interview rooms , and skirted over to the elevators .
tr	NN	Traits Each Angel will develop their own unique trait or ability when they reach the age of twenty one .
tr	NN	A real life princess castle . "
tr	NNS	It had gorgeous drapes of pale pink around it .
tr	NNS	She sent her allies to be beaten and imprisoned .
tr	NN	He devours the dossier , but shortly after it ends abruptly .
tr	NNS	" But why wouldn 't you want more students to attend college ? "
tr	NNS	These animals need their nesting sites .
tr	NNS	They can 't support their families .
tr	NN	In the distance , I could just make out the white gleam of the Delta Queen riverboat casino .
tr	NNS	I took a few more soothing breaths and looked down at my phone just as an alert went off .
tr	NNS	I 've used endless connections , advertised , and the new lounge opens up this week .
tr	NNS	But he had his doubts ... especially with watching Chad 's face turn into a vampire 's again .
tr	NNS	We teach self-defense classes .
tr	NNS	She toured the other classes and was able to note their needs .
tr	NNS	I 'd rather yank my toenails out with a pair of tweezers than get up early and come in here again tomorrow .
tr	NNS	" So you were defending all the Shifters here ? "
tr	NNS	" Yeah , we had weekly classes that we went to together .
tr	NN	I pressed the pillow against my chest as I recalled the previous months ' events .
tr	NNS	She has some investments I might be interested in , or so she says .
tr	NNS	The first email -- written by General White -- firmly orders the members of the task force to destroy the memo concerning Guinea-Bissau .
tr	NN	Shannon choked back her grief .
tr	NN	" I seek justice .
tr	NNS	The Fates will use your fears against you , so endeavor to have none .
tr	NNS	Each boulder chipped off a few more chunks of the buildings before the sentries focused on the sails .
tr	NN	I 'm not having a breakdown , and I 'm sure I 'll get right back in the dating scene once I get over this . "
tr	NN	When she saw me come in , she feigned a big yawn .
tr	NN	But Vin had never really needed logic .
tr	NNS	In the meantime , don 't harass my wolves .
tr	NN	He solved the puzzle of getting water out of the spigot to wash himself , and then found a pair of short pants that covered his groin .
tr	NNS	As soon as she left , Andrew scattered the napkins with an impatient hand .
tr	NN	The police currently did not have a suspect .
tr	NN	He used his most cherished artifact of power , and it can never be used again .
tr	NNS	" Hell 's fire , there are healing spells already holding those muscles and bone together . "
tr	NN	The police can 't use your testimony to put him away , that about right ? "
tr	NN	Demetri took the cake in that arena .
tr	NNS	" I depleted my energy stores last night . "
tr	NNS	With emotion stinging her eyes and the back of her throat , she turned a few more dreaded pages .
tr	NN	He confiscated the ashtray and the lighters .
tr	NN	" I was testing your ingenuity .
tr	NN	She released her earlobe .
tr	NN	The cold had no effect , not like the light that danced across the winter landscape .
tr	NNS	If I were going to end up in a dirty henhouse again , I 'd have the basics .
tr	NNS	The perfect mix of romance , mystery and danger , A Spy Like Me has more twists and turns than a Paris arrondissement . "
tr	NN	Even from my distance , I could see the throbbing of her temple , and the spit zip through her lips with every foul word she shrieked .
tr	NNS	" Northern winters are killing our crops as well , but these villagers were dead before we arrived .
tr	NN	' Admiral , I have received intelligence of an impending attack on Earth .
tr	NNS	" I 've seen her Scores . "
tr	NN	They described the purchase of a small , exclusive airline .
tr	NN	A voice broke her reverie .
tr	NN	He had only ever had partial success .
tr	NN	Despite Steve 's hands burning from the friction caused by his body slide down the spike , he immediately increased the rate of his decent .
tr	NN	He 'd felt an immediate attraction , but it was more than that .
tr	NNS	The Sphinx controlled his cowboys with more calm , using quick , precise jabs to counter Kendra 's reckless spinning .
tr	NNS	There were emerald gems on the dresses bodice that sparkled in the light and the black fabric underneath made them pop out even more .
tr	NN	Isabella lacked the generic perfection that made so many female movie stars and fashion models look as if they had popped out of the same mold .
tr	NNS	Antonietta clutched the reins as her hips rose away from the dragon 's back .
tr	NN	She made her voice soothing , trying to wake him gently rather than startle him out of his wits .
tr	NNS	And I 'm expecting several one-on-one meetings between the CEO of Travel , Inc and Dream Vacations .
tr	NNS	This requires Margarita beers . "
tr	NNS	" Your boy is going down the tubes . "
tr	NN	I could hear her trotting to keep up with me , but I didn 't slow down .
tr	NN	Again , I feel a pang that I won 't be around .
tr	NN	" For each competitor , I have a scroll at the altar with my shopping list .
tr	NNS	' Did you have arguments with Oscar about lyrics and royalties ? '
tr	NN	" Thanks , " acknowledged Pierce self-consciously .
tr	NNS	" Where the Gifted populace can mingle , make connections .
tr	NNS	" Everyone has balls .
tr	NN	God , life really did suck sometimes .
tr	NN	At the bar Elaine handed her an erupting champagne flute .
tr	NN	" Get the pizza ? "
tr	NNS	Alexia added , " Two operations : one to get it started originally and another to start it up again forty years ago . "
tr	NN	I 'll get ice cream for all of us .
tr	NNS	He slid two magazines out from a stack of six and put all three on the felt table .
tr	NNS	" I give excellent foot rubs . "
tr	NNS	" Honey , you really have your priorities out of whack . "
tr	NNS	His breath formed small clouds as he breathed .
tr	NN	He speaks their language , therefore he 's considered an equal .
tr	NNS	The priest pressed some coins into my hand , and I stared at them .
tr	NNS	Cleaning up and finishing my section , I ran a few scenarios through my brain but found no answer to my questions .
tr	NN	" Hey , would you like some hot chocolate ?
tr	NNS	By dawn she 'd roughed out enough designs to keep her shop busy for weeks producing what would be a great beginning for her spring collection .
tr	NNS	The punk kid had racked up the balls and was showing his loss of patience .
tr	NN	The doctor shared the backseat with Tucker and Kane .
tr	NNS	Sun was streaming in through the windows along the back of her room , illuminating her beautiful skin , her long eyelashes fluttering over her cheekbones .
tr	NN	He felt a knot in his stomach at the thought of it .
tr	NNS	Or ensuring our troops have the supplies they need at any given moment without the risk that comes with transporting supplies ? "
tr	NN	I 'd never seen a c * ck so large and beautiful as the one on Camden McQueen .
tr	NN	Claire unzipped her backpack .
tr	NNS	" And we don 't give second chances .
tr	NNS	A man like Joshua Carpenter didn 't own apartments , he owned buildings .
tr	NN	You can have the sofa . "
tr	NN	His other hand pinched my nipple harder .
tr	NN	It had a full clip , and I had another one tucked away in the pocket of my pants .
tr	NN	Thank goodness for small favors , right ? "
tr	NNS	She fluttered her eyelashes .
tr	NNS	Having recovered over a glass of excellent brandy , Laurence soon perceived the self-serving efforts of Admiral Croft behind this extraordinary assessment .
tr	NNS	" Release the pigeons . "
tr	NNS	She turned her watering blues to Logan and pointed to the doll .
tr	NNS	" How are you drinking beers ?
tr	NN	They carried out their task with quiet efficiency and then made their way back to the exit points .
tr	NN	" That should wrap up orientation .
tr	NNS	Have you picked your classes yet ? "
tr	NN	In the first place , he had no proof that she was the one who set the fire .
tr	NN	I beg your pardon .
tr	NN	I read all this whilst searching for clues as to your whereabouts .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't even use my powers if I wanted to in the first place .
tr	NNS	Maybe they brought sandwiches .
tr	NNS	" Why do we not use the tunnels ? "
tr	NNS	In front of them , a long , low table offered pamphlets on everything from PTSD to suicide prevention to summer camps for kids .
tr	NNS	Wherever she looked , Amara saw the remains of a soldier who had been alive under the morning sunshine .
tr	NNS	" I 'll write down the directions for you .
tr	NNS	Ian made little groaning noises , for which he immediately apologised .
tr	NNS	I see billions of lives playing out countless roles and scenarios , experiencing a multitude of emotions at a thousand intensities .
tr	NNS	MaryAnn rubbed her pounding temples .
tr	NNS	And of course , I had my usual fears about Veronica coming after me .
tr	NN	I grab a pen and a notecard .
tr	NN	Albert noted the design and liked it .
tr	NNS	" We study fairy tales in school .
tr	NN	Would that ease the transition ? "
tr	NN	" They had a new vampire net , and they thought they 'd try it out on me .
tr	NN	It 's playing havoc with our ... " And she cut off her communications , looked over and smiled at Maggie .
tr	NNS	I averaged eight pages a day , the highest being twenty-five on the last day .
tr	NN	Jewell turned from the mirror and followed Ms. Beaumont to the room they 'd set up a theater for the event .
tr	NN	' When she has lost hope of returning home , it will take far less leverage . ' '
tr	NNS	She had real instincts about people , and a reliable sense of what was true and what wasn 't .
tr	NN	said the Queen as she looked at her general leaving the throne room .
tr	NN	He threw the handful of grass into the breeze , watching it drift away as he tore more blades of grass from their roots .
tr	NN	Taking a deep breath , Suzy called the personnel department to see if they had anyone they could send up right away .
tr	NNS	His older sister and brother likely would inherit the reins of the family .
tr	NNS	" The cops have no leads except Molly and Lilly 's quick glimpse of a dark car with out-of-state plates . "
tr	NN	A lot of sharecroppers never left the farm .
tr	NN	The drone grasped the knob -- the door was locked .
tr	NN	" My due diligence team will take possession in two days , and I will transfer the remaining two hundred million when their review is complete . "
tr	NNS	That way we aren 't showing all our cards at once .
tr	NN	More than his promise , I had faith in Vera .
tr	NNS	Laurence inspected all the knots anxiously , and had several redone before he pronounced himself satisfied .
tr	NN	" Can I talk to you a sec ? "
tr	NNS	John quickly collected their dishes and stuffed everything into his net bag .
tr	NNS	As we walked to the back door , we heard more crashes , and with each one , I jumped and squeaked .
tr	NN	She traced the hairline leading to the towel with a feather-light caress .
tr	NN	He thrust the bouquet at her .
tr	NN	He gives me a mocking pat on the back .
tr	NN	" We 'll do some digging .
tr	NN	" And what horrid timing . "
tr	NN	She nipped her hot chocolate .
tr	NNS	" You like the gargoyles ? "
tr	NNS	There were increasing numbers of disappearances in California , most concentrated along the coast between Los Angeles and Monterey .
tr	NNS	" What 's a training bra training my breasts to do anyway ? "
tr	NN	Cora inspected the laser with care .
tr	NN	I didn 't mean no harm .
tr	NN	" With this I shall show reverence to my Lord . "
tr	NNS	Looking at him brings my worst fears into reality .
tr	NN	If we draw attention to him right now , we might lose an ally .
tr	NN	' You 've got the full fee .
tr	NNS	The three women exchanged hugs .
tr	NN	Eddie sees the interest perk in me and she folds her paper up and puts it back in her pocket .
tr	NN	Now , let 's go kick some assassin butt ! "
tr	NN	Miranda restarted the timer on her phone .
tr	NN	Looking at the feral tiger in the cage , the untamed beast inside Iona tasted a tang of his madness and liked it .
tr	NN	I didn 't bother offering to split it .
tr	NNS	" Shut up Calypso . "
tr	NNS	If you want to know the truth , I 've had seventeen sisters , twelve brothers , six moms and seven dads . "
tr	NNS	The machine spat out the pages in quick order .
tr	NN	An object travelling in a line , a curve , or a changing but repetitive trajectory could easily have its location in the near future extrapolated .
tr	NN	She could feel his muscles tense beneath the cotton shirt , and she realized that he was fighting the desire to hold her more tightly .
tr	NNS	She looked up and down the aisles before slipping the small figurine into her coat pocket .
tr	NNS	Ignoring the stares of those who passed by .
tr	NNS	I heard a muffled hiss , followed by a protracted silence .
tr	NN	There , a second reef starting from the beach created a large lagoon .
tr	NN	He heard again Daemon 's frightened , enraged denial .
tr	NN	Gabriel asked , genuine admiration in his tone .
tr	NN	" All ... my ... friends ... know the low rider . "
tr	NN	" Right outta that freaky closet of his . "
tr	NN	' Nothing out of the ordinary , ' his partner replied , and snapped shut his notepad .
tr	NNS	Don 't allow yourselves to be taken . "
tr	NNS	Again Calvin couldn 't detect any stray wires or oxidised solder .
tr	NN	" Something like that chief . "
tr	NN	I returned his kiss fervently .
tr	NN	Chills sped down Katherine 's spine as the tension between her and Kylie filled the room .
tr	NN	Had my attraction to him been so obvious ?
tr	NN	Amelia felt the warmth drain out of her body .
tr	NN	For a few minutes no one opened his beak .
tr	NNS	She 'd allowed her own fears to overcome what she knew of him .
tr	NN	" Gregori said the very soil groaned under their boots . "
tr	NNS	All the women at the dinner party wore gowns by some of the top designers .
tr	NN	The moment gave me a brief glimpse into what things might have been like if I was normal .
tr	NNS	And she has excellent chances .
tr	NN	" I got into a few , " she added cryptically , a smile tugging at the side of her mouth .
tr	NNS	We 'll put supplies on all the ships .
tr	NN	She sounded glum , so I turned her around and forced her to meet my gaze .
tr	NN	" Should I get the nurse ? "
tr	NN	Kara had one email with daily announcements and it included an attached file with the calendar for the entire school year .
tr	NN	" Missed you too , pal . "
tr	NN	She was keeping her health to herself .
tr	NN	How had Felice smuggled a sniper rifle onto the train ?
tr	NNS	" He finds the cool breezes invigorating . "
tr	NNS	He knew those twisted figures .
tr	NN	He picked up the single tomato slice he was permitted and examined it with keen interest .
tr	NN	The look in his eyes made something hitch in Rocky 's throat .
tr	NNS	Eben could see wizards standing on both the small hills with their hands held high above their heads .
tr	NNS	Dozens of street vendors offered their wares eagerly as she passed , recognizing from her dress that she was a member of the court .
tr	NNS	The Lt General has already had secret meetings with his most trust worthy commanders and issued orders in secret .
tr	NNS	I 'd tried drugs exactly once , the summer before junior year , when Trip had dragged me to a football party .
tr	NN	He has one customer , one !
tr	NNS	She hurled the knives .
tr	NNS	I wasn 't wearing any undergarments , and the leather trapped in all of my body heat .
tr	NN	" Caused unrest in the villages and towns . "
tr	NNS	" You have all the powers !
tr	NNS	" Ben likes pepperoni . "
tr	NNS	It would take at least ten million dollars to mount a sustainable attack .
tr	NNS	Clem Johnson and Len Doyle and Ron Fernald all made special trips over to thank him or clap him on the back .
tr	NN	I 'd just found the command to program the cell-phone timer when the walkie-talkie crackled again .
tr	NNS	With winter looming , I had vegetables to can and freeze , apples to store and wood to cut .
tr	NN	He followed her south to Athens , always keeping out of sight on the train .
tr	NNS	Jake studied the remains of his opponent at his feet , dusted off his hands , and turned back to the Kilburn sisters .
tr	NN	" He tied a cinder block to your ankles and dropped you in the river and he wasn 't trying to drown you ? "
tr	NN	I gave her a sedative .
tr	NNS	The attorney handling their late father 's estate indicated the chairs in front of his desk and waited until Gavin and Blake sat .
tr	NN	A quick comparison of meeting the parents in the twenty-first century didn 't hold a candle to this encounter .
tr	NN	The vendor grabbed the little statue back .
tr	NN	I 'll make an appointment at the salon soon . "
tr	NNS	The guard was given two gold marks , and their way was cleared to leave .
tr	NN	" Instead of talking about my mother , why don 't you obey the command ? "
tr	NNS	Haven 't I heard tales of how virile the men are in your river lands ? "
tr	NNS	Yes , we had issues , but Parker loved me .
tr	NNS	He suddenly appeared inches away from her .
tr	NN	Ervin stands his trident in front of him , spinning it slowly on its stem .
tr	NNS	She 'd imagined the buildings inside splattered with different clashing hues .
tr	NN	He covered her protest with his hand .
tr	NN	As I hung there suspended , I watched black fluid pump out of one arm and red fluid -- blood -- pump into the other .
tr	NN	" Second , lightning hit the mast of a ship , which has been hidden in Treasure Cove .
tr	NN	What she should have done from the first was schedule an appointment for Karen with a counselor .
tr	NNS	When he stepped out onto the back steps , he could barely see the five hooded figures in the heavy darkness .
tr	NN	A redhead technician with a tight ballerina bun offers me a handshake .
tr	NNS	" Any objections ? "
tr	NNS	Suddenly Sam heard a hiss behind him , and there was Gollum on all fours , peering at them with gleaming eyes .
tr	NN	Her fuller figure and the love that she gave their baby girl just made his cock even harder every time he looked at her .
tr	NNS	Johnny 's mind turned cogs .
tr	NN	If anyone tries to hurt what 's mine , I will exact my vengeance .
tr	NN	A cold shiver crawled down her spine as he set that professional smile on her .
tr	NNS	I didn 't even have contacts in , displaying instead the dorky glasses I wouldn 't be caught dead wearing in public .
tr	NN	Dexter pointed down the block toward a row of connected gray brick buildings .
tr	NNS	" In simple terms ? "
tr	NN	Sarah 's team showed improvement , advancing to the second quarterfinal rounds of the playoffs in successive years .
tr	NNS	He has two chairs in front of his desk , as well as bookshelves along all of the walls .
tr	NN	It sent a bolt down Bluebeard 's spine and told him everything he needed to know .
tr	NN	Joey picked up the alarm clock and turned it violently to view its face .
tr	NNS	He no longer masked the coldness of his voice .
tr	NN	Agatha didn 't mention Greta 's mystery visitor , who crept out unseen when she arrived .
tr	NN	Some indescribable impulse drew the bearded hunter away from Quarry and took him on a path to the unknown north .
tr	NNS	" They have cameras in the streets , too . "
tr	NNS	The woman had several cats , as I recall .
tr	NNS	He used drugs and magic . "
tr	NNS	My heart kicks up its beats , and I move back a step .
tr	NNS	The man leaped backwards and moved around to stairway entrance .
tr	NNS	" But I don 't want just any atoms ! "
tr	NNS	My father believed being connected to a House would boost Robert 's chances of making a further success of the company .
tr	NN	" Didn 't you take an oath of office and swear to uphold it ? "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	Throw a monkey wrench into the works ?
tr	NN	I crack my knuckles and my neck , resisting the urge to ram my fist into the table in front of me .
tr	NNS	He asked several families like ours to volunteer by adopting one young , mildly disturbed inmate and give them housing , food and education .
tr	NN	Weaver , who was directly behind him , grabbed the intruder by the scruff of the neck and dragged him to his feet .
tr	NNS	People dressed all sorts of crazy ways in those times , so Sir Paul fit right in .
tr	NNS	He gathers the cigarette butts and puffs on them when he craves to smoke more .
tr	NN	Then , his biological grandfather would receive the same fate .
tr	NNS	I brushed the icicles off of me and straightened .
tr	NNS	She doodles some blocks and what looks like stones and boulders in the way , and a diversion that swung through some more corridors to the right .
tr	NNS	The fire was climbing the walls inches from my face .
tr	NN	That realization put a hitch in my gait .
tr	NN	Tossing the dish into the sink , she grabbed the telephone receiver .
tr	NN	She was probably just making an observation .
tr	NNS	She once wielded the blades I do today , but her powerful muscles are going to slack now that she 's in retirement .
tr	NN	I know the drill .
tr	NNS	A unicorn 's magic nullifies shields and umbrellas . "
tr	NN	Your lullaby would waken a drunken goblin !
tr	NN	Her fingers curl around the door 's molding with each bump .
tr	NN	Matching black furniture , all very square and useful looking .
tr	NN	You 've watched the Earth video .
tr	NN	He hitched the bat up to his shoulders , grabbed it both hands , and curled his fingers around the handle wrapped in fraying black tape .
tr	NN	It needs a rug , for a start . "
tr	NN	" Mary Jo knows David 's unemployed .
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths .
tr	NNS	Once it happens , you have no doubts .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't bury Hungry 's remains .
tr	NNS	As I removed the wooden top I could see the shiny cans inside .
tr	NNS	He 'd given Amber directions to his father 's house along with his cousin Derek 's home and cell phone .
tr	NN	But he was hiding his real personality .
tr	NNS	" Do all of you have important fathers ?
tr	NNS	I 've never seen two sisters so connected , so committed to each other 's happiness . "
tr	NNS	It contained real chunks of strawberry .
tr	NN	I 'd given him a confession of sorts , and it was his first and strongest instinct to press forward and use it to his advantage .
tr	NNS	Like humans , Sent Ones battled the desires of the flesh .
tr	NN	" They violated my code .
tr	NNS	Cuba possessed large petroleum reserves located along the northern coastline .
tr	NNS	Kiss me , " she urged passionately .
tr	NNS	Denise twirled her jet-black braids between her fingers .
tr	NN	" The only thing I 've missed is taking your loose credit in a game of Free Market , Tanner . "
tr	NNS	The silver eyes lost their remote coolness , warming to molten mercury .
tr	NNS	You can shrink apples and for some reason -- I can 't figure out why -- ' Just ' Shelly likes you more than she likes me .
tr	NN	" What the ... " I pulled away the curtain .
tr	NN	He was battling thirst and need for sleep , and losing .
tr	NNS	Together , they lifted Lucius into their arms .
tr	NN	It 's funny , he changed the password only a few days before he died and didn 't tell me the new one . "
tr	NN	Astrid shoved the goblin away .
tr	NN	They define success by how many people are put on welfare , not how many people they help get off welfare .
tr	NN	He brought us fresh linen , and fruit to eat and beer to drink .
tr	NN	One demon has learned the fatal lesson of underestimating us .
tr	NNS	The Accords have forbidden spoils .
tr	NNS	He washed his own dishes as his mother dried them and put them away .
tr	NN	It didn 't look childish , per se , but it did look very feminine .
tr	NN	Reacher closed the center drawer .
tr	NN	" Don 't forget the cotton candy . "
tr	NNS	Alexander understood loneliness , isolation , and being different .
tr	NN	" Now I know , " Marshall agreed , void of all expression or emotion in his tone .
tr	NNS	He wore large , black gauges in his ears , and tattoos covered every inch of skin I could see from his jawline down .
tr	NNS	You have libraries ; we have bards .
tr	NNS	I 've checked six different search engines to be sure .
tr	NNS	Darcy got his wits back and reluctantly moved , pulling her along with him out of the closet .
tr	NNS	Her legs performed miracles .
tr	NNS	I have seen his battle skills here in this meadow this afternoon and we already know that he can defend himself against a dragon .
tr	NNS	I touched her desiccated scales , feeling and exploring until I found a faint hole in the rotten tunic that covered her armour , then another .
tr	NN	' He can 't catch enough fish to feed us all in one afternoon . '
tr	NNS	Electra put three cards on the top of the rest .
tr	NN	She glanced around the ridiculously excessive bedchamber .
tr	NN	" Perfect timing . "
tr	NNS	Ashlyn and I made sandwiches while the guys dragged beach chairs out from the shed and situated them on the shoreline .
tr	NN	I took the soft sponge and the bottle of shower gel that was compliments of the hotel and opened it .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , he 's got some pretty impressive biceps there . "
tr	NN	The demon shrugged , a peculiarly human gesture .
tr	NN	She may be fighting her attraction for him but in her sleep , her body clearly was seeking him out .
tr	NN	Disappointed , I studied Cora 's outfit .
tr	NNS	Jolene gripped the wheels and rolled away from them .
tr	NN	But they chose this fate , or did this fate choose them ?
tr	NN	We didn 't mean any harm ! "
tr	NNS	He had been hanging around on the outskirts of some of the paparazzi packs which stalked stars like Eleanor Channing .
tr	NN	It took some self-control , but Lauren held back a groan .
tr	NN	Tom turned the lid of the box around for them to see .
tr	NN	Miss Scrabble is going to tell them she solved the secret code .
tr	NNS	He 'll gouge their hearts out to get what he wants . "
tr	NNS	' Twill soothe your aches and warm you through . "
tr	NNS	She started walking backwards , pride not letting her turn away and give her the chance to cry without being seen .
tr	NNS	" Open your senses to the max .
tr	NNS	If he had a mistress , and she has misters , like her Italian lovers .
tr	NN	Chris set down his own fork " It seems that in Salem there might be .
tr	NN	" What language is this tattoo , and what does it mean ? "
tr	NNS	" Do different kinds of crystals have different powers ? "
tr	NNS	Once you 're up and running , we don 't monitor your daily activities , but we 're always close by if you need us . "
tr	NN	The winds had howled their discontent .
tr	NNS	Not to mention the Crows who kept track of who came and went .
tr	NNS	But I would need separate chambers , a generous budget for ingredients , and a monthly allowance .
tr	NNS	Everything about you scares the wits from me .
tr	NN	The little princess was wearing a rather plain green gown open at the throat , and her expression was somewhat subdued .
tr	NNS	He had willingly joined the ranks of the fighters by accepting the responsibility that came with knowing that vampires really existed .
tr	NN	He wore a white golf cap and new khakis .
tr	NNS	He slammed his palms repeatedly against the high stone wall , and each time sparks would explode and smoke would rise .
tr	NN	" I just don 't want the universe to melt , or for me to get sued .
tr	NN	Do your damned duty , or I will have you hanged , before I go and get myself shot on the field . "
tr	NN	To date , he has written a collection of Science Fiction short stories and two Science Fiction novels .
tr	NNS	She 'd put aside her doubts and her fears .
tr	NNS	" Why can 't he have apples ? "
tr	NNS	She threw knives when she wasn 't shooting guns .
tr	NN	Just yesterday she 'd given us each a dummy dressed in something that looked like a pillowcase with armholes .
tr	NNS	Orson lit two candles with a silver Zippo , and we consumed our dinner in silence .
tr	NN	They 'd have one mutually beneficial romantic encounter out here , where they were isolated .
tr	NN	At 6.30 a.m on Friday we 'll leave Croydon airport and fly non-stop to Baghdad .
tr	NNS	Catherine made little smacking noises with her lips , and tentatively touched the tube that fed oxygen into her nose .
tr	NNS	They have all their meals in the cabin . '
tr	NNS	" We draw our powers from the alien technology .
tr	NNS	The women screamed , the shadows lengthening , casting dark bands across their bodies , like ribbons of chains .
tr	NNS	Keep your wits about you , Sentinel . "
tr	NN	Brooke grabbed a blueberry muffin from the glass case and started for the register .
tr	NNS	Can you skip your classes ? "
tr	NNS	Now if you will excuse me , I must make arrangements .
tr	NNS	When the bill comes , add fifty bucks apiece for the valet and doorman , and a hundred for yourself .
tr	NN	" Which means that whoever was hanging around two and a half years ago has long since taken the treasure and vanished . "
tr	NN	( Extract from Notes to Self Upon the Death of a Son by Emily Weir . )
tr	NN	She felt a pang of anxiety .
tr	NNS	Still , her desire for the truth overcame her fears .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to cover myself as his gaze raked over me .
tr	NN	He gives advice , not orders . '
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to look back into Hayden 's green eyes .
tr	NNS	The bigger arms had bands and shapes that moved like colored lightning around me .
tr	NN	The female officer gave a little snort .
tr	NNS	The number of troops he requested even surprised members of the Senate .
tr	NN	In that situation , I also gained another responsibility that I hadn 't had before , even back when we were living with our mother .
tr	NN	Just the thought of it made her brain shudder .
tr	NNS	Selena wrapped her cards in her black silk scarf .
tr	NN	' Really every tower ? '
tr	NN	The right side of my jaw was already turning a deep purple .
tr	NN	I can take his crap , but you couldn 't .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths , trying to steady my voice .
tr	NNS	You couldn 't just count ceiling tiles or tame a pet mouse like normal prisoners do ? "
tr	NN	I know just the gown . "
tr	NNS	" Put the ingredients down . "
tr	NN	It saddened her immensely .
tr	NN	Being the youngest self-made billionaire had made the media hunger for him and scrutinize his every move .
tr	NN	Keller felt a flood of relief .
tr	NN	When it came , the old guy tripped the waiter .
tr	NNS	He might have been dissecting any carcass , or even the corpse of a man .
tr	NN	Sounds like a mother-in-law to me . "
tr	NNS	Daniel watched her responses , cautious in his hits .
tr	NNS	" You read novels .
tr	NN	He gave the impression that he cared about his homework .
tr	NN	I fought down the urge to punch him and then some .
tr	NN	Hands clap and wave to Glory .
tr	NNS	We have some chairs set up in the shade for anyone who doesn 't want to walk with us , and there are cold drinks . "
tr	NN	He 'd rather just have the lust .
tr	NN	" But I need closure as much as anyone .
tr	NNS	As you can see , this plan provides many opportunities for me to die in a fiery explosion .
tr	NNS	" I love butterflies . "
tr	NNS	Should I take my chances by dating this girl and face dire consequences or should I move on ?
tr	NNS	" Okay , wonderful , and do you have any tours , or interviews for students interested in your work ?
tr	NN	Fiery indignation sparked a glittering resentment at him , but she disciplined her tongue to the terse little reply that gave him nothing to be critical about .
tr	NNS	A rancid smell reached the companions before they saw their adversaries .
tr	NN	You cannot escape the fury of our wrath ! "
tr	NN	White dust covers draped nearly all the furniture on the second floor .
tr	NN	' They had some ' weave going , but you broke it . '
tr	NNS	" Percy had his suspicions about what Blake had become , but Blake killed him before he could tell me .
tr	NNS	We took over four thousand dollars from her , West .
tr	NNS	Back near the door she found several pairs of boots and set aside one pair for herself and another for Ned .
tr	NN	" I can 't do a dragon .
tr	NN	I want revenge and I won 't stop until I have it . "
tr	NNS	" We don 't get extra points for being morons . "
tr	NNS	" He 's not attacking the salt mines , idiot .
tr	NNS	The forest provided only occasional breaks for long-distance viewing .
tr	NNS	The gangsters were tall and slim , I couldn 't see any curly knives but I could take that on trust .
tr	NNS	I kicked off the covers and saw that my legs were a solid mass of bruises and gashes and scrapes .
tr	NNS	The officer tore several pages from his notebook .
tr	NN	He held the bartender effortlessly with one arm and stared into his eyes , no hint of amusement in his face .
tr	NNS	She took several more breaths as she tried to calm her rapidly beating heart .
tr	NN	How could I have forgotten my big announcement ?
tr	NNS	" Take these rags ; dip them in the water bowl and have everyone tie them around their faces .
tr	NN	" At once we saw the error .
tr	NN	Abbey was wearing her grandfather 's diamond chip tie clasp under the collar of her blouse .
tr	NNS	Raised voices outside the closed door halted my attempts to get into the bed .
tr	NNS	Before , I had a few yards of seawater between me and everyone who might say something about me being in the races .
tr	NN	Kendall swallowed down his terror .
tr	NNS	The computer in her brain was sifting data .
tr	NN	Sampson handed the proposal to Anderson who , without reading it , handed it to his aide who opened the envelope and began to scan silently .
tr	NN	You create your own destiny . "
tr	NNS	' Well , of course we all know the classic Georgian great houses ... ' Barbara began .
tr	NN	" You mean spouse ? "
tr	NNS	That he ate more Coney dogs than cannoli .
tr	NNS	If he wants to make a break for it earlier than expected , I have no complaints .
tr	NN	Victoria resisted the urge to roll her eyes .
tr	NN	After the visit from the Suspicious , Megan started pacing back and forth in her room , thinking of a way out .
tr	NNS	Why , we even had scrolls , like Philo did , though not as many , no , not as many .
tr	NN	The warmth presented large contrast to his front , which was wet .
tr	NNS	Diana watches the mannerisms of Black Beard and his crew and comes to this conclusion , " So he controls his crew through fear and intimidation .
tr	NN	And when she looked at him , she saw a bleak sincerity in his eyes that had replaced the bravado she was used to seeing there .
tr	NNS	Along the sides of the avenue walked other pedestrians .
tr	NN	( I don 't necessarily like the landing in bird poop part , but that 's just another incentive to keep you on your feet . )
tr	NNS	" I didn 't have any expectations when I realized I 'd been kidnapped . "
tr	NN	asked Tristan 's captor from behind him .
tr	NN	The older men of the tribe could give him advice , of course , but the scraping , curing , and sewing were his responsibility .
tr	NNS	The boldest laughingly made good-bye waving motions in the way Dog warriors scorned a beaten enemy .
tr	NN	In my head , we captured the dragon , led it to Ares and lived happily ever after .
tr	NN	" What ties do you have to the boy , Henry ? "
tr	NNS	I added a few drops to your glass too , and you aren 't acting bitchy about it . "
tr	NN	What if Troll City didn 't have an anchor ?
tr	NN	A shiver rattled my spine .
tr	NNS	" What you 've done is tapped your powers at an age when you were most vulnerable .
tr	NN	Find a better option , and you can go . "
tr	NN	Reaching over to the nightstand , Josh grabbed the receiver and handed it to her .
tr	NN	The man had absolutely no patience for intrigues .
tr	NN	Martha gave me a sympathetic pat on the hand .
tr	NN	After seeing the way she had mourned the loss of her ring , he would have given his entire fortune to get her another one .
tr	NNS	A quick look under the hood confirmed Taylor 's worst fears .
tr	NNS	It had been tried centuries earlier , when the ranks of their women had been depleted and the men were without hope .
tr	NNS	We 'll use explosives . "
tr	NN	He awaits the next command , knowing his partner watches as intently as he does .
tr	NN	In the barn , Jenny shaped the cardboard to size and cut two slots in each piece .
tr	NNS	" You have the terms correct , Morgenstern . "
tr	NN	But I felt the impending doom in my gut and thought I would vomit .
tr	NN	Old Victorian homes had style and class and were worth saving .
tr	NN	Tully and Mom were still keeping up the relentless roster of healthy meals , but if Sugar wanted the between meals indulgence , let her have it .
tr	NNS	" How could there have been passed similar issues ? "
tr	NNS	It spoke volumes about the kid that he thought such a thing was even possible .
tr	NN	She held out the ring bearer 's pillow .
tr	NN	Mere murmuring never hurt anybody . "
tr	NNS	I pushed aside the sensory distractions and thought of the moon .
tr	NNS	Why hadn 't she honed her lying skills ?
tr	NN	" And some groveling to do , " he heard his friend mutter .
tr	NNS	My mother and the other ladies were doing all sorts of things right after he came . "
tr	NN	It captured her joy and serenity all at once .
tr	NNS	Yet in those moments , he destroyed all fifty Lifeless .
tr	NN	" We have an unlimited supply of nectar here that perpetuates our gifts .
tr	NN	He gives a lazy shrug .
tr	NNS	" Twelve dollars and nine cents . "
tr	NNS	She scanned the Triton 's control panels and levers for something that could help , but all the indicators were black .
tr	NNS	" We can 't have the same behavioral expectations for those with damaged genes as we do for those with pure genes , after all . "
tr	NN	But that blind loyalty and obedience had started this descent .
tr	NNS	Extravagant floral arrangements that surely cost the monthly rent on her Sunset Boulevard studio .
tr	NN	" We didn 't hire a photographer . "
tr	NN	If he hadn 't told Shane or Eve , he probably hadn 't told anybody .
tr	NNS	It would leave secondary fires and smooth depressions of molten earth in its wake .
tr	NNS	Sarah tossed back the covers .
tr	NNS	It had three floors and a turret and was open in front like a dollhouse .
tr	NNS	She dragged her palms across his hard pecs and up his chest .
tr	NNS	We make meetings and don 't get lost in other countries .
tr	NNS	She had already bore Nathan two sons and a daughter , and no longer pretended to care for her husband .
tr	NN	He cracked the whip , and the carriage rattled through the gate , which slammed shut behind it as if pushed by invisible hands .
tr	NN	Take a pew , kettles on . '
tr	NNS	Minho was helping Aris .
tr	NNS	Jimmy noticed their stares and tried to put on a brave front .
tr	NNS	I place my open palms on my knees and arch my back over to get my breath back .
tr	NNS	The way that he acts screams unresolved grief over his wife 's death , over losing his only child .
tr	NNS	You shouldn 't have my powers .
tr	NNS	She groaned and rubbed her aching temples , the only alternative becoming clear .
tr	NN	They didn 't know anybody who 'd retired unless he was very sick , so they suspected the ex-cop was on the take somehow .
tr	NNS	Olivia also mentioned her suspicions that Cecilia might now be connected to me .
tr	NNS	Harris loved the polar bears , penguins , ants , snakes , and especially the apes and monkeys .
tr	NN	She 'd pledged allegiance to fight with his kind and bring her coven with her .
tr	NN	And he even shot the copper who was in the job with him .
tr	NNS	Pushed up sales no end .
tr	NN	To his surprise , she gave a shout of her own .
tr	NN	Jasmine only pulled out my hair ribbon . "
tr	NNS	How many arguments have you won with me , Ari ?
tr	NNS	As the infantry flooded into the area , the DEMON guns fell silent , none of the tank commanders wishing to hit their own troops .
tr	NN	He didn 't notch his bedpost to tally them up , but it had been a lot .
tr	NNS	Riley and those damned cats .
tr	NNS	Don 't show yourselves until I say .
tr	NNS	Send runners to the firing lines and spread the word - load the mules . "
tr	NN	Neither human noticed the jaguar who stepped out of their path and onto a front yard .
tr	NNS	Abby quickened her movements around the copier and hoped it would not burn up .
tr	NN	You devoted yourself to their happiness , their well-being .
tr	NNS	' Nice birds ! '
tr	NNS	I didn 't have any ulterior motives .
tr	NN	said the Duck Man .
tr	NN	The sound of the dead bolt of the front door lock sliding home sent a flood tide of fear through her .
tr	NN	Much more probably he had - left the valley on foot and carried the punt with him .
tr	NN	Don 't you hear the torment inside waking up to remind you what you are ?
tr	NNS	And what 's worse is whomever was behind it had valuable passwords to many of Damion 's secure files .
tr	NNS	" It 's bringing prices down .
tr	NN	He has an abundance of the bloody stuff but it means breaking into the city , something I 'm not sure I could do . "
tr	NNS	From there he pillaged ships and bribed the local governor for protection .
tr	NNS	" You have my apologies .
tr	NN	" Take the hem of my shirt . "
tr	NNS	" I 've got some skills .
tr	NN	" Oh crap . "
tr	NN	He received a menacing , otherworldly growl in response .
tr	NNS	Back then , I didn 't understand the dynamics of a dysfunctional relationship the way I do now .
tr	NNS	" Trusted workers with access . "
tr	NN	" Hold your liquor !
tr	NN	They 're searching the airport now . "
tr	NNS	If not for the muscles in her back that had screamed since she woke , she 'd make her excuses and find a flower bed .
tr	NN	In your case , you speak the language of science .
tr	NNS	I didn 't fancy their chances .
tr	NNS	The deep dimples that appeared on both sides of his face turned my insides to mush .
tr	NNS	Harold is wearing his boxers and a white t-shirt only .
tr	NN	Retreating Johnny 's head met the skirting board 's resistance .
tr	NNS	" And I don 't make offers that I don 't intend to honor . "
tr	NNS	' Anything else , or do we do the fingernails after all ? '
tr	NNS	" Like gangs ? "
tr	NNS	Ula stuffed all the wrappers back in her bag and then stood .
tr	NNS	You know , phone calls , doorstep interviews to allow D.S. Baker to optimise her analyses . "
tr	NNS	None of them had any reports of missing girls .
tr	NN	" Right before the assassin killed my father , Coolidge gave him a file .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness they didn 't have any furies . "
tr	NNS	From what Hannah had heard , Deborah had regretted her actions almost immediately and tried to win her husband back , but he 'd refused to reconcile .
tr	NN	I remembered the impression that there was a lingering sadness around her , though I wasn 't sure why .
tr	NNS	Selene was already unloading candles and kerosene and oil lamps from the box onto the table .
tr	NNS	Maynard could barely follow her movements from under the wagon as she walked around the camp .
tr	NNS	I never had multiple orgasms .
tr	NN	He brushed a fingertip across my mouth , tipped up my chin , and said , " Don 't look away .
tr	NNS	He enjoyed the motions as she brought him closer to climax with every stroke .
tr	NNS	Like I still have classes to go to .
tr	NNS	Lyndon checked ten different mould numbers before he was satisfied that the fault was a general one .
tr	NNS	It meant the animal instincts taking over , the human side being suppressed until the animal ruled , no matter what form the Shifter was in .
tr	NNS	I take out the explosives and the detonator .
tr	NN	The room has its own private balcony with a gas fireplace , both in the room and on the covered balcony .
tr	NNS	His family could keep their magic powers .
tr	NN	The snoring signalled the pool bar 's status .
tr	NNS	I still have my wits with me !
tr	NN	Andrea stashed her file in her room and then went back out to the place where she 'd seen the Fae .
tr	NN	He gave her a pat on the arm .
tr	NN	Tucker and his companion passed the litter through the net to the other two men .
tr	NNS	" As servants ? "
tr	NN	I will have justice . "
tr	NN	He closed the drawer and walked to set the bucket down in a corner of the shed .
tr	NN	He had a tripod supporting a rather ancient VHS video camera .
tr	NN	Change your attitude or change jobs . "
tr	NN	Lucas rapped his knuckles on the molding frame , not totally sure why , but unwilling to keep walking .
tr	NNS	You can 't spray the blossoms or you risk losing the whole crop of citrus fruit . "
tr	NNS	There you can spend your million dollars in a very lively way . "
tr	NN	" As for you , " Connor said , turning his attention to her , " chuck the attitude . "
tr	NN	Does it have a pretty meaning ? "
tr	NN	Luke , too , had watched the video once , six months after his ride .
tr	NN	That I am nearly late earns me a scowl of disapproval , but I pay no attention to that .
tr	NNS	My parents had known centuries of happiness and love together .
tr	NNS	He hadn 't the skills to nurse someone with a fever .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon - will you forgive me ? "
tr	NN	She eyed the cop through the rearview mirror .
tr	NNS	He could see her scales stabbing through her cloak .
tr	NNS	Using hand signals , he directed her movements , telling her when to proceed and when to halt , when to crouch and when to stand still .
tr	NN	She grabbed the small jar , determined to approach him in a completely clinical manner .
tr	NNS	Several tunnels produced bursts of abrupt darkness accompanied by the roaring of the engine as sound bounced back from the tunnel walls .
tr	NNS	Surely one of Amira 's servants would have the wits to run next door and tell the tale .
tr	NNS	She gave him the dates of her visit and her hotel information .
tr	NN	" Can 't we please have a candle or something ? "
tr	NNS	Just as Nate was about to slip over Conner and into the sanctum , he heard footfalls from behind .
tr	NNS	He scanned his surroundings to be sure the gunmen were truly gone .
tr	NN	Looking around , I spotted my backpack .
tr	NNS	She 'd walked these roads since that day , always on the move , never stopping for more than a night or two .
tr	NNS	I dug my fingernails into his shoulders and raked my way down his arms .
tr	NNS	He fought his instincts to take her .
tr	NN	Elissa watched the foal for a few more minutes , then stood up and dusted off her jeans .
tr	NN	But I do not sense his involvement in this . "
tr	NN	They have their own gourmet chef who cooks them delicious food .
tr	NN	She let out a low growl .
tr	NN	It brings me unspeakable joy to have you here with me , to see you safe and healing . "
tr	NNS	I pulled back the covers and turned onto my side , facing Benji .
tr	NN	Go chase after Cory instead of me .
tr	NN	McGee laid out a napkin , placed his uneaten cakes in the middle , and folded up the nice little package before sliding it into his pocket .
tr	NN	Cheyenne , by contrast , had no compulsion to be the center of attention .
tr	NN	Stryker shot a bolt at him that caused Ash to stagger back and release him .
tr	NN	Or Lucas 's dream version of me , anyway .
tr	NN	Still , I won 't accept the added responsibility of murdering her without knowing all of the facts , Roxanne .
tr	NN	Grace tucked a clump of her tangled hair behind one ear .
tr	NNS	Many of those present wore respirators or cybernetic body suits to preserve the environment necessary for life .
tr	NNS	I rotated the engines to push us forward , knowing I 'd have to use engine thrust alone to control our altitude now .
tr	NN	I caught a brief glimpse of blood splattered walls , and limp tentacles before he carefully closed the door behind him .
tr	NN	I let the cold air flow over me as he winds back and forth , following the curves of the road .
tr	NN	You didn 't expect a long engagement . "
tr	NNS	She flung off the covers and marched up the hall .
tr	NN	His lips brushed her temple .
tr	NNS	They 've taken shots at you before , they will again .
tr	NN	I placed the twine over my head , the wooden flower falling against my chest .
tr	NNS	I readjusted the covers and sat back to examine the wisteria .
tr	NNS	At the very center , the petals suddenly turned bright purple , forming a thin round border around five stamens tipped with yellow .
tr	NN	He lets out a huff of air and inhales again before looking in the mirror at me .
tr	NN	I 'd not considered the possibility of not having anything to say about her future .
tr	NN	She cracked the plastic cap on the Powerade bottle and took a swig .
tr	NNS	Many men had families in town , and they weren 't used to being away from them .
tr	NN	I had an impulse to link arms with her , and nearly did before something caught me and I thought better of it .
tr	NN	Left your ice cream and cookies behind . "
tr	NN	When I 'd been hired by Winkler , Phil was Winkler 's Second and had turned on him the moment Winkler completed his security software .
tr	NNS	As I watched , I could see the bits of demon that had been blown off of it by our gunfire beginning to dissolve .
tr	NNS	Rebecca rubbed her palms on her jeans , suddenly resenting Conner as much as she resented all the other changes life had brought over the past year .
tr	NNS	She pulled the heavy drapes over one window , then hesitated and left the second window uncovered .
tr	NN	She 's got a good attitude : it doesn 't matter a damn to her as long as I do my job . "
tr	NNS	We got all sorts in ED .
tr	NNS	Instead , they killed three Russian citizens . "
tr	NN	We monitor a handful of firms that specialize in corporate espionage , surveillance , missing persons , private snooping , and the like .
tr	NNS	" You only know bits and fragments , Clary .
tr	NNS	Perhaps he really did not order those punishments . "
tr	NNS	Share the germs . "
tr	NNS	A few entrepreneurs were selling items .
tr	NNS	That look spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	I miss the next three shots .
tr	NN	They 'd been citing Beth Ann 's testimony as the case breaker , but Dale doubted she was telling the truth .
tr	NN	He hit the big lump of ice with his axe .
tr	NN	Maybe Evy or Shaun would have a different outlook . "
tr	NNS	Repeating this many times , they had all five numbers , which included the two from the coffin .
tr	NN	Magnus opened up the Portal , and we were all running into it when I saw you coming toward us .
tr	NN	" Not at all , Your Lordship . "
tr	NN	Rico sent his cousin an exasperated glare .
tr	NNS	She smacked her palms against the wall and closed her eyes .
tr	NN	She selected a vial and slipped it into the coat pocket .
tr	NNS	Now he 'll have two nightmares to contend with .
tr	NN	Sorrow had his own lips tightening .
tr	NN	She needs a nurse . "
tr	NNS	They again laid their bikes aside and picked their way through a mound of blackberries and onto the bank of the creek .
tr	NN	So I take responsibility in telling the new stories what 's going on .
tr	NNS	Then I felt a coldness that started in my core and traveled thru my limbs and out my hands .
tr	NNS	The two replacement agents gave her the creeps .
tr	NN	" I like your furniture . "
tr	NN	I never finished the video .
tr	NNS	Ned and Patrick broke out some sausages , cheese , and sandwiches .
tr	NNS	" During the course of my studies I have discovered several forbidden powers of the vampires .
tr	NN	Jimmy absent-mindedly flew his rocket in circles for several minutes until Libby returned .
tr	NN	She 'd saved the outfit she 'd planned to bring Allison home in , and a favorite baby blanket she 'd purchased shortly before the birth .
tr	NN	I popped a whole wheat bagel thin into the toaster for myself .
tr	NNS	To find vendors to expand my designs .
tr	NNS	They took their waters but didn 't open them .
tr	NN	How about you start packing ? "
tr	NN	" Because I don 't look like a movie star ? "
tr	NNS	He settled his attentions back on Celeste .
tr	NN	" I 'm pulling up his file .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 12 Shai Dried blood on her hand made her skin itch .
tr	NNS	Mom poured two cans of beef stew into a large serving bowl and popped it in the microwave .
tr	NNS	He didn 't fucking flinch .
tr	NN	" You 've revealed our location , you fool ! "
tr	NNS	I saw birds , though none were like I 'd ever seen before .
tr	NNS	Stars and streetlights dappled bricked walkways .
tr	NNS	I had no chances of finding anyone who would love me like a husband should .
tr	NN	Elijah gave him a pat on the shoulder before moving down the hallway .
tr	NN	He put the leather duffel containing the lamp on one side of the seat and positioned his computer case on the other .
tr	NNS	" We checked out Oliver 's and Eve 's backgrounds .
tr	NNS	They stripped off the flight suits and headed deeper into the game center .
tr	NNS	They 'd both been hailing taxis on Fifth Avenue and , when one came , he 'd offered to share the ride with her .
tr	NN	He approached the peephole cautiously , keeping one eye on Marty .
tr	NNS	He represents UN interests .
tr	NNS	With the help of their driver , they had distributed empty orange crates through the neighborhood .
tr	NN	She tapped her fingernail against the dash of her car and stared at herself in the rearview mirror .
tr	NNS	They 'll turn their fierceness to your will , if you request it .
tr	NNS	We got beers and moved to the quietest , darkest corner .
tr	NNS	" Empty your pockets . "
tr	NN	The bright light worsens the ache in my head , so I close my eyes again .
tr	NN	He described only in the briefest terms their defeat of the invading army .
tr	NNS	Aurora brought out a new fierceness he never knew existed within him .
tr	NN	When I looked back up , Markus was searching his vest , trying to get another dart ready .
tr	NNS	Cole watched her movements , and decided he liked having her in his kitchen .
tr	NN	King Lowen could sense his guards ' terror .
tr	NN	Iona gave Cassidy the barest squeeze .
tr	NN	The remaining days we saw nobody and he rode me to the edge of El Paso and then turned his pony south and waived at me .
tr	NN	" Small , " Carissa corrected , eyes narrowing on her friend .
tr	NN	She had found a large central staircase , and moved up it unerringly .
tr	NNS	Grandparents don 't have rights . '
tr	NN	As quickly as he advanced , he finished his lesson , gently releasing me , letting me sink into the chair .
tr	NN	We 'll have a big barbecue and watch the 49er game .
tr	NNS	" Stop the presses . "
tr	NNS	She had her suspicions .
tr	NN	I take a practice swing .
tr	NN	Phillip offered a shrug , wanting nothing to do with science .
tr	NNS	I tapped my fingernails against the table in an anxious rhythm , my feet patting along to an inaudible beat .
tr	NNS	' Oh , er , you mean lamps ; spirit for my lamps ! '
tr	NN	You give it credit for the journey and the telling . "
tr	NNS	He tells me my fangs are so small that if I didn 't drink so little blood I might have a feeding problem .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any surprises .
tr	NN	Crassus dropped a swift gesture of affirmation toward Tavi and began signaling his men .
tr	NN	I hold up the note Auntie packed for me .
tr	NNS	One by one they put their items on the altar , which the loving couple kneeled before , their hands bound by a woven cloth rope .
tr	NN	The man placed all annoyance to one side in order to maintain the sense of politeness he believed society needed to function .
tr	NNS	Dario took the few paces across the room and knelt in front of her .
tr	NNS	Folks kill folks for fun .
tr	NN	Jesus , you drive a hard bargain .
tr	NNS	Should the humans discover what we were , we would protect our sisters at all costs .
tr	NNS	Sheree had always hated hospitals .
tr	NN	Reluctantly Andy tried the porridge .
tr	NN	she asked the pup .
tr	NNS	Shirley sounded a little breathless .
tr	NN	Her equipment was nearly full , and every few dozen yards , she could see another item for her collection .
tr	NNS	Or , better yet , show the girls some card tricks ? "
tr	NNS	Ian took up the horse 's reins , then he stopped and looked at Hart , straight into his eyes .
tr	NN	Keisha yanked the crowbar up , holding it like a baseball bat .
tr	NNS	I need no messengers for such a task . "
tr	NNS	" I love you , Victoria Cavendish , " he said fervently .
tr	NN	A young boy never forgets a detail like that .
tr	NN	He replaced her boot , but soon realized that she was unable to walk on her right foot .
tr	NN	Tighter still the rope stretched , grating across the unforgiving rock , until the inevitable end fell upon those people .
tr	NN	He should have taken the throne . '
tr	NN	My parents lost all respect for me , and the measures that I took to ruin things for Ashley .
tr	NN	I laid down my fork .
tr	NN	Gage grabbed the toaster and held it over Mateo 's head , obviously preparing to use it to bash Mateo 's head in .
tr	NN	Aromatic and frothy , it made a good substitute for an adult beverage .
tr	NN	Corrado tuned his lawyer out as he glanced around the courtroom , still banking on juror number six to come through for him .
tr	NN	I mean the seemingly suggestive manner in which he said ' I 'm very hands-on ' , and the way he was looking at me .
tr	NN	Would you change her fate ? "
tr	NNS	I pulled my sundress over my head and lowered myself down on my towel .
tr	NN	" You mean the Great Barrier ? "
tr	NN	With a quick jerk of his knife he popped the lid off and handed the bottle back to Tom .
tr	NN	Somewhere , in some other world far away from the Discworld , someone tentatively picked up a musical instrument that echoed to the rhythm in their soul .
tr	NN	" My offering for you . "
tr	NN	He opened the costume trunk and examined the contents .
tr	NNS	We lose a few more contracts ?
tr	NN	In the soft light he picked up the magazine he 'd tossed on the bed .
tr	NNS	Together they would smash up the dishes , break toys and make the most awful mess in the house .
tr	NN	Sophie does a little happy clap .
tr	NNS	Someone had fanned magazines artfully across the table so that the titles were visible .
tr	NNS	Start saying your prayers to that stupid goddess you serve , Gypsy , because you won 't last another minute . "
tr	NN	Ali hugged a pillow .
tr	NN	We needed this technology and I had no idea what to do about it .
tr	NN	Rebecca had some drawing talent , you could tell , but Simon 's sketches of people all looked like parking meters with tufts of hair .
tr	NNS	Sex makes babies , not that I need to tell you this , and yours will be my grandchildren .
tr	NN	Somebody else is covering the diner . "
tr	NNS	Instead , he let out a hiss , his dark red eyes turning pitch black as the blade stabbed through the back of his hand .
tr	NNS	Fin shifted his reins in his hands .
tr	NN	He offered her a slice of peach .
tr	NNS	" If you ever stopped by for purely social reasons , Nicky , " I said , " you might learn all sorts of interesting things . "
tr	NN	She pulled the towel off the rack and wiped her eyes .
tr	NNS	We 've both experienced your fighting skills .
tr	NNS	They 've been worried senseless about you . "
tr	NN	Her large dark eyes held a sleepy quality to them that was as seductive as it was pretty .
tr	NN	If the stones are common place , then they must bring no harm .
tr	NN	Once again , Lauren had underestimated her devious sibling .
tr	NN	He held up a rectangular cloth package .
tr	NNS	He smoked two packs a day , and he was well aware that the habit was unhealthy .
tr	NN	I couldn 't conjure ice cream and I didn 't want to date a vampire .
tr	NNS	We 'll transfer your contacts to your new phone , so you 'll have every number on it . "
tr	NNS	Leave the dishes on the table .
tr	NNS	He hadn 't realized until now , their gazes locked yards apart , just how hollow he still felt without her in his life .
tr	NNS	When daylight began to filter through the threadbare drapes , I gave up efforts to sleep .
tr	NNS	Shane and I followed behind , our efforts to find something to talk about dwindling .
tr	NNS	The French have already opened the trenches and are digging a second set of parallel trenches .
tr	NNS	Not here anyway , but later , later he would ease her doubts as he tried to take away her pain .
tr	NN	They donated a very expensive grand piano .
tr	NNS	We deposited my coats and bags in the enormous closet to the left of the front door and headed into the enormous living room .
tr	NNS	Gran and my mother cleared the dishes , then made another pot of coffee .
tr	NN	I can tape padding to the sharp corners of that table there .
tr	NNS	It strained its engines trying to flee , but never lashed out at its tormentor .
tr	NNS	" He may not involve the clubs in retrieving the actual prize . "
tr	NN	With perfect timing , he gave a low groan , his hand threading through her hair to hold her against him .
tr	NN	His brother would crack a rib laughing if he knew the price for Tara 's participation was stud service .
tr	NN	said the sergeant urgently .
tr	NN	I had an appointment with Hal Wallis .
tr	NNS	Since we have enough time for it , I 'll have the messengers walk the last bit , to be on the safe side . "
tr	NNS	The silver tube that ran along the ceiling concealed the two heroes that had been standing there moments earlier .
tr	NNS	That simple statement contained volumes of unanswered questions and hidden implications .
tr	NNS	There went those fangs again .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms onto his chest .
tr	NNS	I drew houses like that .
tr	NN	He kissed my belly .
tr	NNS	They will trick the mountain gods into creating stone gargoyles to protect the Mother .
tr	NNS	As an investigative reporter for the Post , she had developed good instincts .
tr	NN	Earl let out a whoop and accepted a pat on the back from another old guy with less teeth than Earl had .
tr	NN	Shannon and I avoided that duty by virtue of being female .
tr	NN	I can feel my grip tightening with each word of my impassioned plea .
tr	NN	" What a bunch of xenophobic snobs , " Karen shook her head sarcastically , amused with her brother 's seriousness on the matter .
tr	NNS	Crouching down , she collected the remains of her breakfast off the steps , carried it inside , and dumped it in the trash .
tr	NNS	Coyotes , foxes , even fisher cats . "
tr	NNS	" I have two conditions .
tr	NN	They had an intense rivalry with each other .
tr	NN	I pull out the last vial .
tr	NN	The council offered me a scholarship to UCLA , in addition to psychic training and a guarantee of employment upon graduation . "
tr	NNS	Lisa has written twelve medieval romance novels , three modern-day cozy murder mystery romance novels , three sci-fi romance stories , and a dystopian journey story .
tr	NN	" Uh ... " my brain did a few flips as I kicked myself for not preparing an answer in advance .
tr	NN	Stepping away from him , I sent my right fist smashing into the side of his face .
tr	NNS	We don 't have unlimited supplies .
tr	NN	He sucked a mouthful of water .
tr	NN	But how about we call this whole thing a truce .
tr	NNS	Cierra wandered around the aisles , probably hoping they 'd be gone by the time she came out .
tr	NNS	He didn 't have the same obligations as the others , and he was good in a fight .
tr	NNS	" Son , the Director is calling the shots .
tr	NNS	" You 'll find all the nutritional slabs you can handle in the room behind you . "
tr	NN	With her other hand she took up the wrap of her long dress , and smiling at the doorkeeper , entered the luxuriant hallway .
tr	NN	You gave me the impression that you were a pirate , with your earring . "
tr	NNS	The church used many methods to hide important items of historical importance .
tr	NNS	I made vague regretful noises so that Lillian would continue .
tr	NNS	Dad changed the air filters every two weeks , and he kept them stacked inside here .
tr	NNS	She had enough Harte business instincts to understand that in the real world , art was a commodity like any other .
tr	NNS	Regardless of the reassurance , Mira put the contacts in before she glanced up to meet Tess 's placid gaze .
tr	NNS	" I should turn dizzy and tread on my beard , and then you would be thirteen again .
tr	NN	Will the boy have my crown if I do not stop him ? "
tr	NN	" Jinn half-breed , " Victor unnecessarily corrected him , his eyes narrowing at Uriel 's odd behavior .
tr	NNS	" Good public relations and advertising .
tr	NNS	To behold the buildings to one hand and the quarries of their birth on the other -- how could hatred grow from such a sight ?
tr	NNS	Like Vlad , Maximus had many faded marks from old scars , but unlike Vlad , his chest was smooth .
tr	NNS	The rain would have removed those marks . "
tr	NN	Painter weighed the likelihood of this scenario .
tr	NNS	Unless she had fits or something .
tr	NN	Yet a lush cold-weather garden battled the severe effect by subtly beckoning .
tr	NN	He actually heard her sharp intake of breath after he said that .
tr	NNS	Kat matched Jacob 's blocks and parries easily .
tr	NNS	After hurrying into the locker room , Kerri quickly removed her skates and stuffed them into her duffle bag .
tr	NNS	" Tickets please gentlemen .
tr	NN	I cupped her backside through her robe and she giggled .
tr	NNS	" Especially , since we won 't be wearing glamour suits .
tr	NNS	She missed all her favorite foods .
tr	NNS	The brothers each carried long knives .
tr	NNS	I 've got bricks and razor wire .
tr	NN	The soldier paid no heed and with a roar leapt the distance from the bridge to the small boat .
tr	NN	To let him tuck a strand of my hair behind my ear .
tr	NN	The strong smell of the valerian root powder she 'd sprinkled on it made his nose itch , but the wound was clean .
tr	NN	She still used the same brand .
tr	NN	Marcie had her handbag slung over her shoulder , keys in hand , clearly on her way out .
tr	NN	She didn 't particularly welcome another speech about the limitations of her sex , but she 'd learned to mask her emotions when dealing with her father .
tr	NNS	During the warm months he kept his supplies of " right now " food and open containers in the kitchen cabinets .
tr	NNS	Her eyes shot daggers .
tr	NN	His heart gave a pinch .
tr	NNS	Vicki took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	And you will write your poetry .
tr	NN	He heard a deafening crunch !
tr	NN	His mouth swallowed her moan , as though he wanted every bit of her pleasure .
tr	NN	I held the cotton material of his old tee shirt to my nose and breathed in .
tr	NN	He felt the floor tremble .
tr	NN	The orchestra struck up a Vienna waltz , and much to her surprise , Dave began leading , swinging her gracefully around the room .
tr	NN	" It kind of matches my outfit , doesn 't it ? "
tr	NNS	Sandra saw many platforms within the branches .
tr	NNS	You 're having twins ! "
tr	NN	I will at least get that privilege .
tr	NN	Her eyes scoured the throng of party guests looking for her man .
tr	NN	One of them pulled out a needle .
tr	NN	" I 'll get the cart . "
tr	NN	He brushed a strand of her hair away from her face .
tr	NN	Most androids I 've known have more vitality and desire to live than my wife .
tr	NNS	He also wore suits that were cut slender , making him look even smaller and slighter than he was .
tr	NNS	He had no illusions about who he was .
tr	NN	Sarah ran a hand playfully down his arm .
tr	NNS	They have had no human interactions . "
tr	NN	Her father kissed her temple .
tr	NNS	And that took balls .
tr	NN	I said a simple prayer to the god of sleeping children , because on her way in there , Sara had given me the look .
tr	NN	Sam had yet another dagger sticking out of his side and I could tell he was beginning to feel the pain .
tr	NN	And then I felt the ripple in my stomach and the slick wetness between my legs .
tr	NNS	I don 't use endearing terms with women .
tr	NN	He picked up the cake of soap and lavished it over himself .
tr	NN	Amber turned the monitor towards Paulette so that she could view the profile picture .
tr	NN	My assailant tightened the gag and it bit into my skin , pulling painfully at my cheeks .
tr	NNS	I freeze and scan the surroundings .
tr	NNS	" She had robots all over the place .
tr	NN	" I need some advice .
tr	NN	Her former boss had offered her the gentle affection she 'd never received from her own absentee father .
tr	NN	The first thing she does is count the jar .
tr	NN	Shoving aside paranoid feelings aroused by darkness , Echo put her faith in her friend as they settled in for the night .
tr	NN	Knowing why his palm was so hot sent an enigmatic flutter through me .
tr	NN	" I 'm not giving you the option of saying no .
tr	NNS	She carried two vases of flowers .
tr	NN	She had a soothing , tranquil demeanor and seemed to flow rather than walk .
tr	NN	She quietly shut the drawer and looked for a place to hide .
tr	NNS	" What about alligator babies ? "
tr	NN	" Enter security code . "
tr	NNS	Sometimes we see bears or mountain lions or elk , right at the edges of the slopes . "
tr	NNS	He was slowly walking backwards , and a long trail of rats , from big to small , was following him through the darkness .
tr	NN	Luc cracked his knuckles .
tr	NNS	Hippie girl had all sorts of surprises up her sleeve .
tr	NNS	And some plants might as well have had daggers for leaves , as her squad member Sergeant Pond found out the hard way .
tr	NNS	" I had many ties to the city .
tr	NNS	' So how does a power cut explain crops out there ready for harvesting way ahead of their season ?
tr	NNS	Rossi had girl troubles .
tr	NNS	So I shot a deer for the meat . "
tr	NN	He gave chase , but I knew that he was letting me get away .
tr	NNS	Neighboring rooms , like small chapels dedicated to Bacchus , held towering racks of dusty bottles , an accumulation of unimaginable wealth .
tr	NN	But they can ´ t !
tr	NN	He kicked off his right boot and lifted his foot onto one of the wheel spokes .
tr	NN	Terry ripped her yellow vest off and put it on .
tr	NNS	I took that five dollars and held it out .
tr	NNS	Please , please disregard my parents ' rudeness . "
tr	NNS	Neither had long solitary walks in Balboa Park while Jeff practiced with his baseball team .
tr	NNS	We 'd switch library cards , put each other 's names on blog comments , screw with the grand cosmic record of who did what . "
tr	NNS	Everywhere around me , I sensed movements from the creatures and from the people above the surface .
tr	NNS	Having decided my day 's plan , I confronted the milk crates of my bookshelf with a new air of authority .
tr	NNS	If the cure for cancer were to be found in the third scenario , I like my chances . "
tr	NNS	" I 've got a few dollars . "
tr	NNS	A third brought the candles in her bedchamber to life to turn away the darkness .
tr	NNS	I only felt coldness and anger towards him .
tr	NNS	But she violated the terms of our agreement , and I 'm afraid that you might not be able to stay here much longer as a result .
tr	NN	I felt something drip over his erection and my nostrils suddenly filled with the unmistakable smell of maple syrup , all earthy and sweet .
tr	NNS	I slip off my sandals and drop my bag near the front door .
tr	NN	He finally put the pen down .
tr	NNS	You grabbed my arm so hard , you left marks .
tr	NNS	Give me specifics , " Patti begged , leaning in .
tr	NN	He 'd never been given the option .
tr	NNS	The perp , or perps , used condoms because the autopsy didn 't find any sperm , even though she was violated .
tr	NN	" Ow , ow too tight , watch the belly ! "
tr	NNS	I couldn 't take back the trust funds I 'd already created .
tr	NN	We have a planet scientist on staff here and if you want , we can set up a conference with him .
tr	NNS	I gave the elderly man a thumbs up .
tr	NN	" You could try steak on that eye .
tr	NN	" We 'll do the packing together . "
tr	NN	He kissed my belly before reaching his final destination .
tr	NNS	Kelly adored Tess , but a fourteen-year-old hardly constituted adult company .
tr	NN	She trailed a fingertip down his sternum , deliciously warm breath fanning him .
tr	NN	The darkness of the cave no longer bothered the bearded hunter because the darkness made the glowing eyes stand out that much more .
tr	NNS	He might have anger management issues .
tr	NNS	That would 've required trips to Libby , Kalispell or somewhere else that had a specialist .
tr	NN	He drew his pistol .
tr	NNS	As my hands circled her backside , she made a soft noise and stepped into me , her h * ps resting against mine .
tr	NN	You know , the god of war . "
tr	NNS	He has some very good points and opinions about a lot of things .
tr	NN	She gave him a playful squeeze and giggled in his ear .
tr	NN	I don 't like owing people any debt or favours .
tr	NN	I should have never kissed u when I was like that .
tr	NN	" Excuse me , chef .
tr	NN	" Building this shield cost us that scientist , and a thousand workers .
tr	NN	" Why would you invade my privacy like that ? "
tr	NN	She heard the venom in his voice and wondered what the woman had been like .
tr	NN	I swallow down the nervous knot .
tr	NN	The tapping of his boots against the floor in the quiet silence made my body tense up with dread .
tr	NN	I really don " t .
tr	NN	He has quite the temp - Well , let 's just say he 's a bit hotheaded for a philosopher .
tr	NNS	They created androids in that manner , the body being formed slowly on a table , the various appendages appearing like magic .
tr	NNS	She heard the shots .
tr	NNS	The volunteers had bagged all the cans and bottles , wrappers , cigarette butts and made castes of any tracks found .
tr	NNS	Both factions had great abilities but those abilities are what set them apart .
tr	NN	' Well , take some cake from the pantry .
tr	NN	Not Brick attempted his standard female appeasement patter .
tr	NNS	You pulled out Vivienne 's fangs .
tr	NN	but I stopped her mid flow .
tr	NN	Stephan asked the uncle who greeted him an instant after a member of their house staff had announced him .
tr	NNS	The Marines , short on everything in the Solomon Islands , took all offers of help .
tr	NN	I took a handful and put one in my mouth , enjoying the juicy rich taste .
tr	NN	Casey wanted to hit him , then had the urge to hug him instead .
tr	NNS	He could see the other squadron members looking at each other , aghast at Fintan 's orders .
tr	NNS	your breeding rights . " "
tr	NN	I could not have left Roche castle with a heavier heart .
tr	NN	Alexia felt her breath quicken in anticipation .
tr	NNS	A tiny sound from a kicked piece of plaster could cause the kidnappers to open fire .
tr	NN	Standing by my window with my parents downstairs brings back a familiar solace .
tr	NN	He felt an immense pain slam into his hand , and screamed in agony .
tr	NNS	Vegetation painted the slopes in variegated hues of greens and browns .
tr	NN	My hands gripped the banister in front of me tightly .
tr	NNS	The blue plaid flannel shirt and faded jeans were setting his insides on fire .
tr	NNS	" His lordship brought back some vegetables as well from Carlisle , and Clement makes the best soup in the county .
tr	NNS	Six Ethan passed three convenience stores before he decided he should go in to get a Snickers .
tr	NN	The heat grew impossibly hotter and I felt as if I was being burned alive .
tr	NN	I cracked my knuckles .
tr	NNS	" Real magical powers ? "
tr	NN	Fear wove around his fury , along with a heaping mass of guilt .
tr	NNS	" Don 't get your boxers in a twist .
tr	NNS	Skirting the back of the crowd , I placed the stolen items where they 'd be found .
tr	NNS	The car bypassed the houses , and they both relaxed .
tr	NNS	Kelly whipped into her place , unpacked the refrigerated and frozen items in her grocery bags , and grabbed her purse .
tr	NNS	Ran and Carmel almost drop their pens and even their jaws when they figured who the girl was .
tr	NNS	He took the apples from his pocket and handed her one .
tr	NN	You might not make the finest ship 's surgeon , but I feel certain you would make a competent one . "
tr	NN	After all , Edward had seen the chunk of granite Aedan had casually snapped off the Frasier 's kitchen counter .
tr	NN	Profile dancer in tight jeans .
tr	NNS	I 'll split the fifty bucks with you . "
tr	NN	We left the diner and made plans to meet at the library .
tr	NNS	He could almost hear her defenses snapping back into place .
tr	NN	We can 't compel a Man of God to serve the cause of Hell ; but fiends could own this Middle World someday with your support .
tr	NN	I already have reserved a rental . "
tr	NN	I felt knee-high to a grasshopper .
tr	NNS	She pulled her latest designs out from under a stack of vendor submissions and tried to focus on her work .
tr	NN	A horse had thrown his jockey and was galloping away from the arena .
tr	NNS	Her breath came in ragged gasps , her perfume swamped his senses .
tr	NN	" We should have another Healer .
tr	NN	- need the redhead to make me another omelet .
tr	NN	' How long 's it been since you 've had a bath ? ' '
tr	NNS	I can shoot a hundred numbers through the chest and watch them bleed decimal points in the palm of my hand .
tr	NN	Then , we pick up a pizza .
tr	NNS	" I will instruct your classes tomorrow . "
tr	NN	Emotional turmoil overrode physical exhaustion .
tr	NN	But Savannah had known the nurse on duty from her many visits to Mercy 's Heart .
tr	NN	He closed his useless eyes and trusted to his instincts , with his inner vision , he could almost see the landscape .
tr	NNS	I pulled two cigarettes from my pack and put them both in my mouth , lighting them simultaneously .
tr	NNS	Made two hundred bucks .
tr	NNS	His feet moved only inches at a time .
tr	NN	" Lord William had better pray she has gone somewhere ! "
tr	NNS	She had always believed in the Gods , she spoke their prayers and practiced the rituals they demanded .
tr	NNS	She quickly fastened the clips across her chest .
tr	NN	Gene opened the lid and using a foot long pair of tongs turned the ribs .
tr	NN	It had been struck by lightning some time ago and was now a decaying monument of the woods .
tr	NNS	" So they brought the blood and tissue samples from my wolves here ? "
tr	NNS	How long would it take the wolves to get there ?
tr	NN	I had an anchor in his castle too , and crossing over nearby pulled me to it .
tr	NN	A chill went down her spine .
tr	NN	- " Hi Lone , I have cracked the code on this CD-ROM !
tr	NN	Yet she 'd allowed him a glimpse of her vulnerability , and she probably regretted that .
tr	NN	I turned and saw a coastal range of mountains , snow capped and covered with green growth almost to the top .
tr	NNS	She threw the covers back and started to get out of bed .
tr	NNS	Everyone had high expectations for the things you would accomplish in this world . "
tr	NN	With these howls at our backs , we crest the hill .
tr	NNS	" I charge twenty talents an hour , or one hundred and twenty a day , plus expenses . "
tr	NN	The die-hard conservatives won 't have a prayer of producing someone who can beat him .
tr	NN	He studied the slice on her finger , then bent his head and sniffed it .
tr	NN	" Oi , you chaps , stop that intruder ! "
tr	NN	For now , the case should protect the flag from the smoke and water .
tr	NNS	" Okay , then I bet you ten dollars that you 'll win the big prize on the scratcher .
tr	NN	" Or maybe carried only the sandals .
tr	NN	He controlled an enormous grizzly .
tr	NN	Megan dresses stylishly and possesses a very bouncy personality .
tr	NNS	" He 's obviously got other issues , Katie .
tr	NNS	They 'll get breaks you won 't .
tr	NNS	They had been giving me doses about every 4-6 hours and that wasn 't enough .
tr	NNS	And other kingdoms send you reinforcements and gold . "
tr	NNS	She 'd rather take her chances standing up , with a knife in her hand .
tr	NN	Lily pulled the crossbow from her back and pointed it at the vampire .
tr	NN	They loved the article you did on their client and fully intend to give you - and in essence , our magazine , plenty of exclusive scoops .
tr	NN	Foxy stroked his moustache .
tr	NN	I 'm taking out the whore . "
tr	NNS	Caleb had promised Madison 's brother forty dollars if he 'd mow the lawn and trim the bushes .
tr	NN	Which twin was John or Martin ?
tr	NNS	His body housed the seeds of a horrible plague .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens she 'd had the cover of a quick trip to the bushes to check her glucose level and give herself an injection .
tr	NNS	We got our coffees and grabbed seats near the window .
tr	NN	" I decided that unwavering , unquestioning loyalty wasn 't for me . "
tr	NNS	Soon his leads sported more artistically grouped stripes .
tr	NNS	I dug my fingernails into his arm , drawing blood .
tr	NNS	" What , did you find out she turned tricks in Georgia or something ? "
tr	NNS	When I looked around the room , everyone else was busily filling out the stapled pages of a test .
tr	NNS	She heard three knocks and then a series of words and knocks .
tr	NNS	I ticked the items off on my fingers .
tr	NNS	A beggar handing out coins ... " She began trembling uncontrollably with fear .
tr	NNS	Leaning back , she pressed her palms to her eyes to give them a much-needed rest .
tr	NN	He lifted the receiver .
tr	NN	Alex tapped his bat against first one foot , then the other , and she watched as red dirt clumped to the ground from his cleats .
tr	NNS	" His secretary sends out his cards ? "
tr	NNS	The other group lead by Alan walker would seek out the computer servers and infrastructure and set about destroying them .
tr	NNS	" Wash dishes , construction , paint houses ... " " Hey Parker , you need anybody ? "
tr	NN	" If he 's a good chief , we have a good nation , with plenty of junk food . "
tr	NN	Any second now , the guard would turn the knob to try to come inside and check on his boss .
tr	NNS	And she knows all his tricks , I 'll wager , just as we know them .
tr	NNS	And when Raina had her way , they 'd have gorgeous families of their own .
tr	NN	" He had a stroke .
tr	NN	She grabbed the witch and snapped it off its string with a clean jerk .
tr	NN	She picked up her fork and dug into her own plate .
tr	NNS	Jesse made strange clicking noises at him .
tr	NN	Billy opened a drawer and flipped through the records of outstanding rentals .
tr	NN	Then we made a dash for the hallway , out of the indoors rain .
tr	NNS	Valentine was taking no chances .
tr	NNS	Torches on poles supplement the fires like primitive streetlights .
tr	NNS	Shaking her head , she made her apologies .
tr	NN	" We have found a document connecting him to some unnamed highly ranked individuals .
tr	NNS	His punches were crushing the thugs ribs with every impact .
tr	NN	" Forgive me , my Queen .
tr	NNS	Draping a black apron over his neck , he wrapped the ties around and yanked the strings into a knot in front .
tr	NNS	" She likes beaches , Pendleton .
tr	NN	Sunny helped his Mother every season do the rounds of the caravan sites selling candles and natural herb potions .
tr	NN	" I can 't stand the attitude that all the problems of San Francisco can be laid at the doorstep of the Chinese .
tr	NNS	" I don 't hear any important leaks . "
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	In swimming trunks , I ran up the pier toward the shore , leapt into the grass , and waited .
tr	NNS	" He sets up the meetings , or flies in to assess our work .
tr	NNS	' So ... you have four sisters , right ? '
tr	NNS	" About eleven . "
tr	NN	Bobby fetched a large whisky from the bar , which Murphy downed in one .
tr	NNS	Inside in a large black enameled pot , they had boiled two dozen crabs , fresh caught by the Captain .
tr	NNS	Maria pulled up two more round orange chairs for us , and we all sat back down around the table .
tr	NNS	Did any band member have drug , alcohol , health or personality issues ?
tr	NNS	I was calling shots out .
tr	NNS	If I find Karen 's rhythm , I can follow her unusual movements , but how can I find it ? "
tr	NN	I had the wild urge to laugh as I pictured Darth Vader 's helmet descending on Abbot 's head .
tr	NNS	My family has worked many generations there . "
tr	NNS	Ghosts didn 't have the powers Haw Shot displayed .
tr	NNS	The best thing for all of you to do is gather all personal necessities and make your way down the stairs and out onto the streets .
tr	NNS	He explained the basics of prayer , praise and worship .
tr	NN	I didn 't even almost lose consciousness today . "
tr	NN	" You both hit a bird and his bolt hit before yours . "
tr	NN	Gianni shrugged and leaned one hip against Rico 's desk , settling in to watch the show .
tr	NN	Vic was probably already firing the temporary pilot , anyway .
tr	NN	" I appreciate the advice . "
tr	NN	" If I keep smelling you , we might make a spectacle here tonight . "
tr	NN	The motion set the rope and wooden construction swaying .
tr	NN	" Then shouldn 't you have the code ? "
tr	NNS	He dug through it and pulled out some rose petal hearts .
tr	NN	Tucker felt the electricity in the air and wondered if every hair on his head was standing on end .
tr	NNS	My voice was getting choked up .
tr	NNS	I slap his ribs .
tr	NN	11 Rachel got the impression that the meeting with the man she 'd just stumbled across hadn 't been as accidental as he was pretending .
tr	NN	Deckard wrapped the wire around his hand again to maintain his grip .
tr	NNS	He is cringing and making throaty noises , so I know something is happening .
tr	NNS	Maybe pretending I had psychic abilities after my accident was the only solution to this nightmare .
tr	NN	She dropped the fork .
tr	NNS	Someone had washed the breakfast dishes and lined them up to dry on the drain board -- most likely Delores .
tr	NN	She didn 't mean any harm .
tr	NN	Me and anybody together . "
tr	NN	Deep purple Roman shades could let the light flow or be lowered to block it .
tr	NNS	When she turned around he was pulling two goblets out of the small chest by the cabin door .
tr	NNS	We swap tales while we eat , and the stories continue long after we 've finished munching .
tr	NNS	I don 't get females . "
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at me .
tr	NNS	" Okay but I only make eight dollars an hour , I 'm not sure how much I can help out . "
tr	NN	I would keep my own counsel from now on .
tr	NN	Cries of delight greeted the spectacle of the cape as it slowly swirled like liquid gold lifting Maximus into the air .
tr	NN	He certainly wouldn 't trust the tiny refrigerator with any item he later hoped to eat .
tr	NN	Look , you know the drill .
tr	NNS	I wandered the dark corridors and the different areas of decorative and dusty carpet .
tr	NNS	This place gives me the creeps . "
tr	NN	Helen nearly spit out the ale she had just began to swallow .
tr	NN	" Don 't forget my shoe and my mother 's pillow .
tr	NN	Got a boat ramp and restaurant and everything . "
tr	NN	I first put pen to paper on Obsession , December of ' 96 .
tr	NNS	The arcade workers had made some adjustments since last night .
tr	NN	A tingle went up my spine .
tr	NN	The boy gave the demon a great shove and leaped off of it .
tr	NNS	She took the dogs out back to toss the balls for them .
tr	NN	" They must be taught respect .
tr	NNS	The musty smell of a high school locker room assaulted his senses and he grimaced at the unpleasant scent .
tr	NNS	After that I couldn 't find any more excuses , so I took off in a sprint , determined to run at least five miles .
tr	NN	I made my first rat trap in my grandfather 's store when I was seven .
tr	NN	" Then keep digging .
tr	NN	" Plus , I own enough equipment to set up a recording studio right here by tomorrow .
tr	NN	She was carrying a large basket .
tr	NNS	Time stopped moving forward and the world stopped spinning and for the seconds my mouth was connected to his , I felt utter bliss .
tr	NNS	He picked apart the metal bits which had stuck together his watch every time he left the carpentry shop .
tr	NNS	Their dagger filled jaws and the huge ripping claw on their smaller front limbs were ferocious but the creature 's horned tail was their main weapon .
tr	NN	I take a few steps outta the scrub and back onto the road .
tr	NNS	With a scream , he fell backwards .
tr	NNS	When I arrived at MacKenzie 's a little while later , Mason and Cooper were out front shooting hoops .
tr	NNS	I can give you excellent references from several families . "
tr	NNS	Her body went boneless , so she felt as if she 'd melted into him .
tr	NN	Gary mimicked the gesture , waving his finger immediately behind Cass ' as Joanna worked hard to keep from scowling at them both .
tr	NN	Beside me , I could feel Mom stiffen .
tr	NN	After staring at the same page for ten minutes , I put my pen down with a loud sigh .
tr	NN	Sam 's unfortunate suicide only strengthened the reputation .
tr	NN	Thalia swears loudly and drops a handful of cutlery .
tr	NN	He worked the puzzle , mumbling to himself .
tr	NNS	Looking ahead of her , father holds little Sybil in his arms .
tr	NNS	At dawn a mounted patrol rides into camp -- Levis has been found .
tr	NN	Cornelia traced her fingertip along the bars beside her and grinned happily .
tr	NNS	" Demetri owes me fifty bucks ! "
tr	NNS	So he had turned his attentions to the humans surrounding them .
tr	NNS	He should have worn his slippers .
tr	NNS	Jeff rubbed his stinging buttocks as he glared at Harrison .
tr	NN	The results of this experience had made Liv 's strong personality even more so .
tr	NN	Elliot felt his patience growing short .
tr	NN	The Boers were probably using the powder in the shells to reload bullets . "
tr	NNS	We had other priorities up there .
tr	NNS	He hadn 't touched the other offices but this one would be his when he was working there and it needed to be comfortable .
tr	NN	Milos gave her the biggest smirk she had ever seen him give -- and he refused to take her hand .
tr	NN	He continued down the highway having five miles to clear on foot to his neighborhood .
tr	NNS	" Chocolate covered strawberries . "
tr	NNS	Now he ran top-secret missions for the same Coalition he once despised .
tr	NN	" But he hasn 't done any real harm , has he ? "
tr	NN	It makes my heart flutter and my chest ache .
tr	NNS	Blood and dirt streaked her palms .
tr	NN	Remember , we will not have butter or cheese .
tr	NNS	It 's raining cats and dogs .
tr	NNS	Chives felt the hairs on the back of his neck raise as he prepared to speak the words he had always suspected he was destined to utter .
tr	NNS	" Got ta get my servant points for the day .
tr	NNS	Thomas would never have guessed dragons to be into vegetable gardening .
tr	NN	She called reception at the Bellagio and asked for Cynthia Stevenson .
tr	NNS	Captain Ants put the palms of his hands on the doors and then stopped .
tr	NNS	She should call her sisters for a ride .
tr	NN	" Best crab cake ever . "
tr	NNS	" You will never give up playing pranks .
tr	NNS	What example was he showing his sons ?
tr	NNS	The Tijuana Cartel has greatly expanded their human trafficking operations . "
tr	NN	The heated look in his eyes made the urge to melt even stronger .
tr	NN	They had his loyalty and his love .
tr	NNS	We ignore the clouds as much as possible and concentrate on practice .
tr	NN	He met my angry glare with his own .
tr	NN	She let out a low growl , my hair standing on end as she prepared to throw out another blade of magic .
tr	NN	I couldn 't resist the urge to grab a hold of her hand and trace the lines in her palm .
tr	NN	As she made her way through the finish line chute , she grabbed her finisher 's medal and found Alexander just outside of the runner 's area .
tr	NNS	We dance several dances before he allows me to move off the floor .
tr	NN	Next , he pulled out a camouflaged net used by turkey hunters to cover their faces .
tr	NNS	The statement confirmed her worst fears .
tr	NNS	" We may have leads on those three who blew up the courthouse in South Carolina . "
tr	NN	So I picked up a fork and scooped up a bite , looking at him .
tr	NNS	" I think you and I have a little unfinished business to take care of , " she said slyly .
tr	NNS	A big lump of wood fell a few centimeters to her right .
tr	NN	He picked a Microsoft Word file at random .
tr	NN	Then managed a small shrug , " Maybe a few more . "
tr	NNS	" I know crabs . "
tr	NNS	" You make great sandwiches , but -- I 'm celebrating .
tr	NNS	When Ava didn 't answer right away , she confirmed his suspicions .
tr	NNS	For , out of some custom alien to England , they were all showing their fangs to the guests .
tr	NNS	I 've eaten several meals at his restaurants , but he is normally so busy that it was hard to pull him away for an evening . "
tr	NN	I blocked the latter with my leg , spinning with it into a round house that he ducked .
tr	NN	" About the operation .
tr	NN	He had a full security detail , was located out in the middle of goddamn nowhere , and someone still managed to get to him . "
tr	NNS	Nice folks , too .
tr	NN	His eyes , those burning eyes , held her captive .
tr	NNS	Mainly those encounters came up roses or at least with a new found interest in once in a life time and never again experiences .
tr	NNS	Dale rubbed his palms on his jeans .
tr	NN	The soldier removed the flag from the casket , and , along with another soldier , carefully folded it into a near triangle .
tr	NN	The windows could barely allow a bird to enter and the door was a plank of wood , held in place by rusted hinges .
tr	NN	Her laugh carried a playful undertone that never failed to capture Frank 's interest .
tr	NN	The lieutenant commander had given her back her self-confidence ; he 'd made her feel beautiful and ... cherished .
tr	NN	Andrew grabbed the towel , but Kelly wouldn 't let go .
tr	NNS	The puppy had grown drowsy , its senses dulled .
tr	NNS	" We all have issues . "
tr	NN	He reached the cruiser without encountering resistance .
tr	NNS	This vampire was taking no chances , but I was .
tr	NN	Yes , they 'd had that incredible New Year 's rendezvous .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have any reserves left to combat his doctor of jurisprudence skills at winning .
tr	NNS	SOHO collected data from around the country for analysis .
tr	NN	She pulled out a curved dagger with jagged edges .
tr	NN	Standing in the moonlight , I dropped my towel .
tr	NN	His father released the horse 's hoof and stood .
tr	NN	asked the hockey player through a mouthful of food once he 'd hung up .
tr	NN	He punches Andrew playfully in the arm .
tr	NNS	said Legolas , coming to Aragorn 's side .
tr	NNS	She could not remember any prayers or Gods that would listen to her now .
tr	NN	The guard made a stop sign gesture with his hand .
tr	NNS	I pulled together a few more pages of research on the ultraviolet catastrophe and its history .
tr	NNS	You put your servants on Savannah 's trail .
tr	NN	To torture the fuck Out of them until you know exactly , where Evan is .
tr	NN	Sally found the introduction both charming and confusing .
tr	NNS	Paying closer attention , he realizes the packs that pass him are all American .
tr	NN	Then she shoved her dresser over the opening , just to make sure he couldn 't open the door .
tr	NNS	I have my doubts that the Cherry Explosion is anywhere near as good as blue raspberry .
tr	NNS	His breathing would get shallow , and he 'd nudge her gently , growing increasingly panicked that she wouldn 't open her eyes .
tr	NNS	But in the past ten years , there had been so many companies manufacturing virtually the same medications .
tr	NNS	Cursing under his breath , Maddox jerked the two blades from the tree and pushed to his feet .
tr	NN	Sebastian dropped the other boot and removed his stockings .
tr	NN	We just know the owner of Sammy 's , so we tend to go there . "
tr	NNS	That left two routes still open .
tr	NN	Then we 'll burn rubber . "
tr	NN	Silver made an unfamiliar gesture with his hands and Zell was thrown back .
tr	NN	She had almost forgotten the curious sensation of perspiration !
tr	NNS	I had visions of Dee emerging from the bedroom in a flowing Kaftan with a beaded headband holding her auburn locks in place .
tr	NNS	It has all the elements of a story that sells : romance , passion , crime , and an ending that is wide open for interpretation . "
tr	NN	Maybe she should have felt joy , but no .
tr	NN	I noticed a gleam in Daddy 's eye and a smile in his voice .
tr	NNS	" We 'll find all their tapes , and we 'll find them . "
tr	NNS	Men all around the encampment cast aside their covers and scrambled to their feet .
tr	NN	I 'd need some soap and antiseptic .
tr	NN	She offers up a little shrug .
tr	NN	A female defending her mate was the most fearsome of Shifters , and whoever had done this to Sean didn 't yet know the meaning of terror .
tr	NN	On the heels of that pleasurable thought , he hummed a merry tune as he walked into the shower .
tr	NNS	He peeled the rags away now , taking a good part of his skin with it , and looked it over .
tr	NN	" I won 't be denied my revenge . "
tr	NN	Did you see that falcon ?
tr	NN	I lifted the entire contraption and balanced it carefully on the lid of the container , taking care not to pull the battery leads loose .
tr	NN	" From there , if you can get to the forest in time , avoid the path and run south .
tr	NN	When it ended , finally , aftershocks still had her sex contracting around him .
tr	NNS	Does he wear boxers or briefs ?
tr	NNS	She heard her husband 's footfalls as he and Liam came down the stair .
tr	NNS	" Cook buys oranges and apples and gives them to all the helpers .
tr	NNS	, while methodically unplugging the leads and dismantling the tripods .
tr	NNS	Jenn wouldn 't have any complaints in the morning , at least not about the cleanliness of the restaurant .
tr	NNS	Each of them now pounding return shots .
tr	NNS	Then I can adjust my attributes during a lifetime .
tr	NN	Sha let out a satisfied growl but otherwise made no comment .
tr	NNS	* Chapter 61 Galilee and Beth brought together strong , expertly applied air currents and swelling , rolling water drawn up from the soaked ground .
tr	NN	I felt my pulse quicken .
tr	NN	Her breath caught , her movements slowing and uncoordinated .
tr	NN	" He doesn 't have the right access code .
tr	NN	Nadia would bring the physician there .
tr	NN	Again , his family had provided an adequate supply of canned goods .
tr	NN	He could almost hear her snort of disdain over the clank of beer bottles .
tr	NN	Blood and dirt smeared the torn linen .
tr	NNS	" I love babies . "
tr	NNS	At least if he figured out I wasn 't Ivy , he wouldn 't regret his actions too much .
tr	NNS	" I 've heard more sincere apologies . "
tr	NNS	He massaged his temples , feeling unbearably tired .
tr	NNS	" Right now we are just gathering the data .
tr	NN	" I 've never had a girl tremble like that for me before while fully dressed , Irish . "
tr	NN	" I can 't claim that distinction . "
tr	NNS	He exhales then inhales .
tr	NNS	I 'll expect regular reports . "
tr	NN	You can buy the ice cream , but then you have to go .
tr	NN	" You don 't know the potential of what we discovered .
tr	NNS	I 'll scrub the floors .
tr	NNS	There were even smoked rat sandwiches with the crusts and tails cut off .
tr	NNS	" Then I 'll put the office supplies back in the box . "
tr	NN	At eleven thirty , I received an email from Jennifer .
tr	NNS	She sticks the butterflies on the tree with glue tac . "
tr	NNS	" I wove the rugs , painted the pictures , sculpted the animals , and built the furniture . "
tr	NNS	He pushed aside the other items from the canvas bag and closely examined the remote control .
tr	NN	Someone who was supposed to be a thief shouldn 't be getting police protection .
tr	NNS	When he finished with the sword , he drew his two long daggers and went through the forms again .
tr	NNS	The promise that life can go on , no matter how bad our losses .
tr	NNS	She saw one eye twitch .
tr	NN	As she sat there , Henrietta gave a huge shudder , even letting out a little gasp .
tr	NN	Though one of the smallest of the training group , Jones had earned a reputation for toughness early on .
tr	NN	He put his rifle over his shoulder and marched like a toy soldier .
tr	NN	Anticipation rippled down her spine , making her shiver and breathe shallowly .
tr	NNS	When the urge to vomit passed , he scanned his surroundings .
tr	NN	Words cannot express my deep sorrow for not sharing the truth with you while I still drew breath .
tr	NN	All girls I 've had an argument with .
tr	NN	Enjoy your celebration . "
tr	NN	He gave a ghastly yell , as if he had suddenly been immersed in a lake of ice .
tr	NN	Never had a sensation overwhelmed me as much as it did now .
tr	NN	The vendors are doing brisk trade , and we have to thread through the lines .
tr	NNS	Two gals , both pregnant together , both lose their babies , together .
tr	NN	" I can 't believe the rope broke .
tr	NNS	In the end , they bought a mattress , some dishware and some bedding .
tr	NNS	She 'd ignored her own suspicions and fears , shoving them aside .
tr	NNS	Many memories had flooded his senses , the girl , his brother , death and magic .
tr	NNS	This ancient bridge had carried victorious Roman armies over the Tiber River thousands of years ago .
tr	NNS	Wolves that hid human hearts within their pelts .
tr	NNS	We don 't need any damned bears wandering into camp . "
tr	NN	Why not use the same cloaking technology the aircraft used to avoid tracking and detection ?
tr	NNS	" I 've been turning away clients because I don 't have enough time .
tr	NN	The blood soul made an awful groan before biting George 's neck .
tr	NNS	But he smells winter apples in the wagons and thinks he should get a barrel .
tr	NN	" You have such potential if you would just open yourself up to the true possibilities of your nature , that part of you deeply vampire .
tr	NN	We watched a comedy , snacked on junk food , and talked about the past week .
tr	NNS	His Coca-Cola glass teetered dangerously .
tr	NN	When his memories of them were clear , he remembered every detail and he had learned a great deal about their species .
tr	NNS	Feeling more relieved than she had in days , she picked up her designs out of the trash and smoothed out the edges .
tr	NNS	She lifted her wineglass and looked out the window .
tr	NN	I could hear the alarm ringing faintly through the open elevator shaft far above .
tr	NN	Students were given a topic and had to submit a single piece of art to be judged by the administration .
tr	NN	Still , if she only had the one glass she wouldn 't blow her whole entertainment budget .
tr	NN	" Then you 'll mesmerize the cop into letting me go .
tr	NN	Something had made her snap , and he wanted to know what .
tr	NN	He will have some patience this night .
tr	NN	I 'm just giving you my gown . "
tr	NN	Or use the Flame -- if she could .
tr	NNS	I gunned the engines and dipped the left wing , simultaneously looking over my left shoulder for any other planes that might be there .
tr	NN	You had cancer in that dream , Alexa !
tr	NN	I 'll pick up a pizza before coming over tonight .
tr	NNS	The breeze created from his wings caused the Christmas ornaments to move and jingle on the tree .
tr	NN	He saw the cluster of bodies .
tr	NNS	" I run errands for a few older people .
tr	NNS	Without another word , she made tracks .
tr	NN	" Do a good deed , " I muttered , " and be punished for the rest of your life .
tr	NN	" These look like muscle implants , " This caused considerable mirth .
tr	NN	With a shake of his head , Hewitt threw the magazine across the room .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths .
tr	NN	Around him , other groups of birds hauled cargo from the truck .
tr	NN	" You want an escort ? "
tr	NNS	" Whoever this is has numbers and the firepower of an army .
tr	NN	He had a briefcase which he was carrying under his arm and not by the handle .
tr	NN	He pulled away the tattered material , leaving me in nothing but my stockings .
tr	NN	The driver hollered his joy .
tr	NN	He felt a growl rising in his throat , the beast roaring for freedom .
tr	NN	" Have faith . "
tr	NNS	Neither did their families , which in my mind clears them . "
tr	NNS	" Main aircraft slipstream causing bad shudders with flight controls .
tr	NNS	The man doesn 't even have his balls anymore . "
tr	NN	I swung the full condom onto the pebbles of the parking lot and fell back into her arms .
tr	NNS	" The Chinese obviously hardened their ships for an EMP attack .
tr	NNS	But the center had volunteer counselors and teachers who didn 't mind taking a tough stand with the kids .
tr	NN	His fingers found the hem of her nightgown and with one yank , he ripped it away from her body .
tr	NN	She turned the knob .
tr	NN	She added a stroke of black pencil eyeliner to her lids at the last minute .
tr	NN	Sitting down facing her , she touches my temple briefly .
tr	NNS	" On behalf of the group , as its appointed representative , I accept these conditions of entry . "
tr	NNS	Below , a torchlight procession flowed up the slopes of Mount Parnassus like a river of fire .
tr	NNS	He clearly has some issues to sort out .
tr	NNS	" Among other assets . "
tr	NNS	Brigitte designed high-end suits for businessmen and traveled extensively to meet with her clients .
tr	NNS	Kitchen hands lined a table and chopped vegetables in time with one another .
tr	NN	Nancy eagerly drops her backpack to the ground beside one of the massive signs and starts taking the spoon and syringe out .
tr	NN	Liam took out another instrument that looked like a scalpel , scrubbed it clean with some antibacterial wipes , and dipped it in alcohol .
tr	NNS	He gathered the reins and clicked to the horse , turning back the way he 'd come .
tr	NNS	" You got any local contacts to do a plate check ? "
tr	NNS	She and Alex were having twins .
tr	NN	Noticing Jeremy 's stare , he waved a slice of pizza .
tr	NN	They draped a pillowcase over my head , and then they shoved me in a corner of the van and left me to my growing terror .
tr	NN	I had his favor , but not like Liz .
tr	NNS	Yes , even werewolves had Facebook pages .
tr	NNS	They follow the tracks and keep the morning sun behind them .
tr	NNS	" I 've had my suspicions from the beginning about her .
tr	NN	And now she felt groggy and out of it .
tr	NNS	" Don 't leave any crumbs on those plates , boys . "
tr	NN	I also had cancer .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes .
tr	NN	Chapter Six Ella fought the urge to pinch herself as she sat across from Declan in the crowded restaurant .
tr	NN	And today she would repay that debt .
tr	NNS	It had open drapes and a sliding storm pane on the inside and a regular wooden frame on the outside that would open like a door .
tr	NN	Boots , gloves , and a cute gray toboggan covered with tiny snowflakes completed my outfit .
tr	NN	GOOD AFTERNOON , said Death .
tr	NN	" He was drawing this painting when the boat of the rafter capsized .
tr	NNS	But Toby sensed the man 's stillness as he lay there .
tr	NNS	We couldn 't take chances with your welfare .
tr	NNS	Their departures allowed the loneliness that sometimes plagued her to move closer .
tr	NN	I feel the echo of soreness in your entire body .
tr	NN	Rashid couldn 't believe the fury another man 's name created within him .
tr	NNS	We all bared our fangs and made terrifying noises .
tr	NN	Warden can have the joy of you .
tr	NN	Looking back , I don 't get the impression that Judge Sutton was one of theirs or was threatened by them .
tr	NN	I wasn 't expecting protection , and I was still rudely surprised .
tr	NNS	She made her excuses and hurried off .
tr	NNS	He orders the groceries , relays my orders , pays the miners and so on .
tr	NN	She adjusted the veil again before turning to face the guards .
tr	NN	I found the culprit and followed him to a secret base on Mars . "
tr	NNS	Closing his eyes , he opened his vampiric senses and tried yet again to connect with Katy , but there was only darkness .
tr	NNS	With a long-handled spoon she mixes the additions into the tomato paste , until it looks like thick lumpy spaghetti sauce .
tr	NNS	I need the other members of the merchant council .
tr	NN	I closed the trunk and we headed back to the building .
tr	NN	In frustration at our mutual stubbornness , and the same between Mum and Izzy , I slam the boot of the car harder than I intended .
tr	NN	It could give people the wrong impression . "
tr	NNS	" Do you not trust the President 's motives ? "
tr	NN	I was helping a bloke with his car . "
tr	NNS	" You have accurate dates , if a slightly skewed version of the meaning , " he agreed finally , his eyes hard .
tr	NN	He suppressed the hunger .
tr	NNS	She used the folds of her dress to wipe the blood from her lips , but she couldn 't bring herself to look at her sister .
tr	NNS	It still had all the required trappings .
tr	NN	Pigeon gave a neutral shrug .
tr	NNS	And Earth 's scientists and inventor 's weren 't creating robots and things of that nature . "
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to shrink down in her chair .
tr	NNS	They were all wielding crossbows .
tr	NNS	In my silence , Sheridan continued her taunts .
tr	NNS	Soon they 'll be flying Tanks . "
tr	NN	I 'll hae a bicker o ' ale .
tr	NN	" I find your loyalty to James touching , but it 's too little , too late . "
tr	NN	So , why don 't we do each other a favor and pretend we don 't exist ?
tr	NN	I played Cash to the bone .
tr	NNS	I 'll give you directions from there . "
tr	NNS	You have all the solutions .
tr	NN	I let out a loud but short sneeze .
tr	NNS	We set some targets up there on a level with this gun .
tr	NN	He heard her yell through the door .
tr	NN	" You know I did , " Cassie tapped her temple .
tr	NN	" How about I make some hot chocolate ? "
tr	NNS	When she was finished , she placed her dirty dishes into the server , and it disappeared into the wall .
tr	NNS	Instead of their families celebrating their union , they will be planning their funerals . "
tr	NN	Smiling , she offered the bouquet to Surreal .
tr	NN	He pul ed a wad of red tickets out of the pocket of his black ski pants .
tr	NN	I give serious consideration to stealing it , painting ' Trent ' over its chest , and taking a lighter to where its man parts should be .
tr	NN	Reaching out , I turned the knob and pushed it open .
tr	NNS	If the vaccinations are to blame for our abilities , then why do you have multiple abilities ? "
tr	NN	" Rescuing a hearth witch . "
tr	NNS	I wrote two novels during this period that reflect what I was doing .
tr	NNS	Jacob gathered their plates .
tr	NN	Finally they reached an archway of stone that opened out into a small square .
tr	NN	Tessa dropped the hairbrush and rushed to throw the door open .
tr	NNS	He emptied tennis balls from his coat , placing them on the grass in neat , cannonball pyramids of five each .
tr	NNS	On the seat beside him lay a dozen pink roses bound in cellophane .
tr	NN	You want revenge . "
tr	NNS	My daughters , for example , would make excellent queens .
tr	NN	I gave her the short version of the events since Monday morning .
tr	NN	Maybe they are seeking revenge against you for Mia taking David out in the first place and turning Marlena human . "
tr	NNS	Over the course of the month , Faye and I train the classes together .
tr	NNS	He had checked their ammunition supplies with discouraging results .
tr	NN	The late afternoon sun hid behind what remained of the chapel , only occasionally sneaking a peek while the building cast its shadow over the courtyard .
tr	NNS	And , apparently , they can also locate targets without need of previous acquisition of tracking data . "
tr	NNS	" We 're installing more security cameras .
tr	NN	' Oh my gosh you found a unicorn ! '
tr	NNS	As I waited , I scanned my surroundings .
tr	NN	The word made his lip curl in disgust .
tr	NN	" However , you may run the presentation to yourself and FIDO !
tr	NNS	She smiled slyly and tapped one finger against his lower lip .
tr	NNS	I heard the doctors telling her that they think it 's some sort of street drug I 've found .
tr	NNS	I settle the terminal patients back into their rooms .
tr	NN	One particular faction had gained possession of this weapon when all the others like it had been dismantled and destroyed by the Alliance .
tr	NN	The horn tore his backpack from his hand , and he stared right into its shining green eyes .
tr	NN	I knew the drill , all right .
tr	NNS	Clay picks up his wineglass and takes a casual sip .
tr	NN	She gave me an inquisitive glare .
tr	NNS	I passed the clouds and flew forward into the clear , still blue .
tr	NN	Nisha took the 101 south to Cannon Beach .
tr	NNS	Whatever your heart desires . "
tr	NN	He could not shake his unease that Mrs. Byrne was right .
tr	NNS	" You like birds ? "
tr	NN	Kyle and I had firewood duty and gathered more than was necessary to get us through the night .
tr	NN	Nodding once , she raised the branch .
tr	NN	Even when it 's filled with guests like it was the other evening , it just doesn 't fit your personality . "
tr	NNS	" She is mucking out the dragon pens . "
tr	NNS	I will follow your teachings but I will follow my heart first .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to raise the saber and charge .
tr	NNS	" Ashe has echolocation skills like that .
tr	NN	Matthew is gathering up sports equipment and heading out the side door .
tr	NN	She wanted his seed .
tr	NNS	We develop models to explain how these increasingly small regions of spacetime operate .
tr	NNS	He was surveying his surroundings now , a peculiar glow in his black eyes .
tr	NNS	You donate millions to charity .
tr	NNS	The image could only display the floors and large pieces of furniture .
tr	NNS	It took Luca three trips to and fro to set the whole thing up , but finally he reported back : " It 's arranged .
tr	NN	But she 'd quit counting on luck years ago ... ? .
tr	NN	Sawyer didn 't exactly need my protection though .
tr	NNS	Slow the engines to eight knots and engage the autopilot . "
tr	NN	Dee quite liked football , but didn 't know a great deal about it .
tr	NN	" I 'd rather have a martini . "
tr	NNS	I 've got special talents , ' cause I been resurrected .
tr	NN	So she made her responsibility to care for him , and he her .
tr	NN	As Tavi entered , they offered a crisp salute as a group .
tr	NNS	Enzymes , for example , cause chemical reactions within an organism while hormones control growth , our metabolism , and reproduction . "
tr	NN	Caterina had brought a vial of scented massage oil with her and drew it from a pocket of her dress .
tr	NN	Give me a sec . "
tr	NNS	" Now whatever you do , follow the police officer 's directions .
tr	NN	I 've booked a massage at the resort spa and I 'll have a soak in a hot tub afterwards .
tr	NNS	" No , I 've decided that your idea has ... potential benefits . "
tr	NNS	Reining his mount to a stop , he chucked the reins at his young brother-in-law .
tr	NNS	A deceased employee had never walked the halls of NET before .
tr	NN	He opened the condom and rolled it on .
tr	NNS	At the last second I shrug off the backpacks .
tr	NNS	She felt cold bricks at her back and his warm , hard body against the front , pressed tightly up against her .
tr	NNS	" So someone else wants those sensors ? "
tr	NN	He folded the futon frame and lifted it on his shoulders .
tr	NN	Maybe this would teach the owner - the hard way .
tr	NNS	We 'll ditch the control panels and all the power and data lines that lead to them . "
tr	NN	Instead he fought the urge .
tr	NNS	They both liked mechanics and mathematics , although Simon was also a fast runner and a bruising rider .
tr	NNS	Then they thanked the servants , mounted their waiting horses and rode on out .
tr	NNS	Guilt stabbed my insides .
tr	NNS	He held her thighs and chest and back and swayed in the cool current and saved it all to memory , for this was not him .
tr	NNS	" Name your terms . "
tr	NN	When we landed on The Owner , she set sail immediately . "
tr	NN	I could almost see the derisive curl of her lip as her threat spewed from her mouth .
tr	NN	The Mistress of the Kitchens blended the distinct flavor with cinnamon .
tr	NNS	She made sweet , needy noises as she kissed him back , tangling her tongue with his .
tr	NNS	If I Changed , could I combine my powers with David 's ?
tr	NN	' Wells has such a vivid imagination , don 't you think ? '
tr	NN	She pulled out a small package and handed it to me .
tr	NN	He had a large cream-colored towel held open and waiting to envelop me .
tr	NN	Grey took a deep intake of breath , ' Isobel was at the train station at two p.m. that day -- I 've only just found out .
tr	NN	Why don 't I order a pizza for all of us and your mom can eat some when she gets here .
tr	NNS	Subtle changes , here and there ?
tr	NNS	The memory twisted her insides .
tr	NNS	" You can keep your Simon tales to yourself . "
tr	NNS	My wound burned like someone was sinking red-hot needles into my side .
tr	NNS	A government helps its citizens prosper and builds a better , stronger future .
tr	NN	She 'd taken her grandmother 's little yellow bird to the funeral and placed it in her sister 's casket .
tr	NNS	I took two deep breaths before scooting my back against the wall and easing my way up , standing again , eyes on the door .
tr	NNS	He had thick masses of golden shoulder-length curls , tight jeans , and boyish smile .
tr	NN	Sam uttered a brief prayer of thanks .
tr	NN	" Have you found a shave for your eyebrows ? "
tr	NN	I reach the arcade first .
tr	NNS	" He 's made some requests .
tr	NN	Sable ripped the towel off her head and headed back into the bedroom .
tr	NNS	" We bring buckets of water from the river for the animals .
tr	NN	" The artwork depicts the myth of Drac .
tr	NNS	Then he heats up two cans of food over a small flame in the middle of the floor where he builds a small fire .
tr	NN	Enzo slid the trunk that held Caterina toward him .
tr	NN	Save your whining and insults for a day when I don 't have to worry about having caused a war . "
tr	NNS	She 'd eaten a few meals he prepared and the food was always delicious .
tr	NNS	She even did the drapes .
tr	NN	She had never fully appreciated the full meaning of her ability to fly , completely ignoring such obstacles .
tr	NNS	" How do you rule yourselves ? "
tr	NNS	Then he gathered the supplies he had set by the mirror .
tr	NNS	The French were following developments carefully , and the French Consul in Bergen had warned them to be especially careful .
tr	NN	He stalked directly in , then opened his closet .
tr	NNS	Or we 'll discover other nuclear processes .
tr	NN	Someday it might make the leap to novel , but I will rely on you to tell me whether it merits such consideration .
tr	NN	Only twenty feet from where I stood , Mercer climbed up the hill toward the house , limping and holding his stomach .
tr	NN	He had learned that lesson once ; he would not learn it again .
tr	NN	You have about as much faith in them as I do . "
tr	NNS	Jim pulled two access cards from his shirt pocket and handed them to Hunter .
tr	NNS	" He took his chances and he lost . "
tr	NNS	I broke three ribs .
tr	NNS	" They gave us contact lens cameras .
tr	NN	So had a dragon .
tr	NN	Obviously the glass metaphor hadn 't had the desired effect on him .
tr	NN	" She didn 't leave the lab to you ?
tr	NN	Yes , for all my talk about knowing exactly where Meredith lived , I didn 't know the exact location of her home .
tr	NN	They returned his gesture , and with a forced smile , he steadily left them .
tr	NN	Her laws , though she might not want to admit it , do not govern the entirety of the vampire world . "
tr	NN	Had she absent-mindedly picked up some unpaid chocolate by accident ?
tr	NNS	The bathroom had the marble floor tiles and bench tops , complete with a deep spa bath fitted with a large showerhead and double basins .
tr	NN	Come on , get out of bed , " he ripped the comforter off of me , leaving me freezing and pissed off .
tr	NN	Alexander pulled her nipple into his mouth , sucking tenderly .
tr	NNS	" Nice to meet you , chaps . "
tr	NN	Give me an example of what you 're talking about ! "
tr	NNS	Azalea handed the reins over to Nick and told him that she had to go -- the horse wasn 't too happy about that .
tr	NNS	I would expect families to start leaving soon . "
tr	NN	I laugh nervously and nod .
tr	NNS	The two of them had handheld microphones .
tr	NN	Only big dummies who don 't care if they blow out a knee play football . "
tr	NN	Luna picked up the burger from her plate with both hands and took a bite .
tr	NN	" He 's placed the welfare of his own family before everything else .
tr	NNS	" We 've had birds now for ... . . "
tr	NN	She picked up the receiver .
tr	NN	She let out a whoop and jumped into his arms .
tr	NNS	She pulled up the schematics .
tr	NN	She let her mind flutter among the various languages of the customers , identifying and enumerating them without lingering for meaning .
tr	NNS	Tickets probably cost ten dollars ... And who 'd look after the shops when I 'm away ? '
tr	NNS	" People who were driving on the freeway had major accidents .
tr	NN	I am inheriting a fortune . "
tr	NNS	Can you get your cronies to do that ? "
tr	NN	However , she still possessed the prowess of a werewolf from her mother .
tr	NN	" Why use a code at all ? "
tr	NNS	" I know you 're the one who tells me we can 't use our spells to interfere in people 's lives .
tr	NN	I breathe again , painfully , oxygen trickling through to my lungs .
tr	NNS	She could feel the hardness and tried to struggle free again .
tr	NNS	" You are making excuses . "
tr	NN	Someone yanked the stone horn out of my hands , and I opened my eyes .
tr	NN	Along with the terror of the darkness , I more fully realized the terror of what you can 't run away from .
tr	NNS	Nadine tucked the covers up over me and then walked to straighten the flowers on the table .
tr	NNS	Directing his question to all present in the room , he asked , " Any other provisions you want to suggest ? "
tr	NNS	She yanked the covers off me , leaving them tangled around my feet .
tr	NN	I have chronic fatigue , and I decided it was high time I wrote a story about the experience .
tr	NNS	We 've got all the armies of the west camped right here .
tr	NN	Dana throws a pillow over my lower body and unlocks the door .
tr	NN	When he returned , Raj was replacing the lid from a plastic container of small white pills .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to tear every inch of clothes from her body .
tr	NNS	Angry , ravenous men formed gangs and fought each other over the meagre supplies .
tr	NNS	In the periphery , he could see the remains of the barstool and table he had destroyed , neatly swept into a corner .
tr	NNS	Glancing at the trays of forms , Jack saw such interesting titles as " Saving Your Vacation Time , " and " Rules for the Laundromat . "
tr	NNS	Selena had her doubts , but decided to try anyway .
tr	NN	However , I have a task I must complete on this evening , so if you will excuse me ? "
tr	NNS	There were newspaper articles about the origins of the town , we had the big television news magazines here doing stories ... it was a mess .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't need your stupid jokes . "
tr	NN	But at least for now you have a location to start looking . "
tr	NN	" Ever heard the phrase ' it takes one to know one , ' Black ? "
tr	NNS	My best friends are dating seniors in your house .
tr	NN	Logan knew the effect he had on women .
tr	NNS	He was arranging the chaps over my riding boots when he spoke .
tr	NNS	He strode the carpeted hallways towards his chambers , thinking about exactly how to approach this information .
tr	NN	She licked his nipple , circled it with her tongue and licked him again before drawing it and his piercing into her mouth .
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to argue that she was capable of taking Laura across , but opted to let Harry enjoy a moment being a man .
tr	NN	He had done his duty a million times over .
tr	NN	" I 'd been staking out the camper for the last week . "
tr	NN	Gina clenched her rifle .
tr	NN	Both grew paler until they were nearly gray in color and eventually sank onto the bed beside Terry .
tr	NN	Soon I 'll be slug fodder and the beast will be able to feast on my flesh at its leisure .
tr	NN	She felt his muscles tense at the coldness of her hands but he said nothing .
tr	NNS	Did you make any sales ? "
tr	NNS	One section would take up positions among the boulders of a hill crest , ready to provide covering fire .
tr	NN	I 'd always wanted a motorcycle .
tr	NN	" The police blamed his disappearance on a vagabond that had been sighted hanging about town .
tr	NNS	" I picked up a couple scents .
tr	NN	Abraham drew his pistol and fired , recounting the people he had killed over his lifetime .
tr	NNS	" Three billion ... " Sara felt dizzy .
tr	NNS	" In the summer of 1949 , I had just turned eleven .
tr	NN	She whispered the last phrase as if she wasn 't sure he understood what it meant .
tr	NNS	She 'd lit several scented candles , too .
tr	NN	" You summoned a god and didn 't think it worth telling your best friend ? "
tr	NN	Molly kicked off a shoe and tucked her foot up under her .
tr	NNS	He takes chances , has trust , has faith , every single day of his life .
tr	NN	Father still has a fine collection of brandy . "
tr	NNS	It did wonders for his eyes .
tr	NN	I eyed the clock on the wall .
tr	NN	The lock looked brand new .
tr	NN	Ferrero picked up his worn leather briefcase .
tr	NN	She closed the curtain to insure privacy .
tr	NN	They instantly figured out his meaning and started to slowly back their way towards the rail .
tr	NNS	I have some errands to run before I head home . "
tr	NN	Standing there , I felt grown-up and learned , even as I felt the hotness in my cheeks again .
tr	NN	He sat the hardware back on the seat from which it came empty and tossed the clip into the backseat .
tr	NNS	It swept over the battlefield , a globe of white daylight several hundred yards across .
tr	NNS	Gray pulled his night-vision goggles back into place and swung his DSR rifle from his shoulder and flicked on its IR illuminator .
tr	NNS	" Trust me , we know the difficulties better than you .
tr	NN	I changed into my normal clothes : a t-shirt , jeans , and my combat boots .
tr	NN	Christian 's face looked a little tense .
tr	NNS	" My lord , my deepest apologies for not attending this chamber sooner .
tr	NNS	" You have powers .
tr	NN	He scratched his beard again .
tr	NNS	The puddles caused huge splashes as we went .
tr	NN	Angie mounted the white mare .
tr	NN	" I have a potential I can show , really a likely sale , within a couple of blocks of your house .
tr	NNS	" Use your coins to buy a plow and seed .
tr	NNS	The torch lit the dusty cobwebs of the tunnel and the solid rock floor beneath them .
tr	NNS	Her rant left her breathless .
tr	NN	I summon thee mineral , blend with light , forge me a key to undo this plight .
tr	NN	The blue-collar staff members , however , had a different outlook .
tr	NNS	Soon they were winding down the roads a little too swiftly for her peace of mind , winding in and out of traffic .
tr	NN	He wouldn 't get any resistance , then , so she 'd have to remain conscious .
tr	NNS	" Luckily you have impeccable senses . "
tr	NN	Roger pulls a needle out his pocket and stabs me in the thigh .
tr	NNS	Our village has business interests there I would like you to straighten out . '
tr	NN	Emma set her briefcase on the floor inside the plane and extracted a pencil and small pad .
tr	NN	It had a dial on the front .
tr	NN	I really wanted that chocolate .
tr	NN	She saw some chocolate and out of habit , glanced more closely at the selection .
tr	NN	I held the pizza out of his reach and then he got mad .
tr	NNS	" Spare a few cents ? "
tr	NN	As a mortal , he 'd had a happy-go-lucky personality .
tr	NN	" Because I also know you 'd increased the insurance appraisal and made yourself a hefty sum of money without revealing that to my father .
tr	NN	As Scott 's eyes met Helen 's , he interpreted her silent glare as a sign that she had been informed of his encounter with Jean .
tr	NN	She made a gesture with her hand by rubbing her thumb along the side of her index finger , suggesting that an escort would cost the hunter .
tr	NN	Amelia opened the package and found a small glass bottle , padded around the outside with cotton .
tr	NN	New Yorkers had no patience whatsoever .
tr	NN	I was begging a laptop 's pardon .
tr	NN	While she had it open , she took out a cold soda .
tr	NN	We couldn 't afford treatment and she was going downhill fast .
tr	NN	" Dave , " Bill suggested , " Why don 't you make an announcement ?
tr	NN	You need a bath .
tr	NN	Jim raised a small wicker basket .
tr	NNS	" Oh no , " he unintentionally mouths .
tr	NN	Cornell would never doubt Rose 's sincerity about anything .
tr	NNS	Chapter 15 While Gretchen drove to the hospital , Nina dialed several phone numbers before reaching someone who could help .
tr	NN	So the four of us hit the pavement and , using a street map , centered our efforts on four different quadrants surrounding the meth house .
tr	NN	The abnormal activity explains your partial memory recovery .
tr	NN	He popped the lid and climbed up through the opening .
tr	NNS	I notice her ' seen unseen ' nipples and girlhood through that tight , elastic purple . "
tr	NNS	I grip the loose reins missing the saddle horn .
tr	NN	She barely got a glimpse of what was going on in each room .
tr	NN	He couldn , t tell her that he wasn , t always like this , that he was in fact " that boy up north . "
tr	NNS	He would just repeat his endings till his own ran up to him and put him out of the light .
tr	NNS	" He 's playing his cards cautiously .
tr	NN	Jake hid a scowl behind his napkin .
tr	NNS	Of this I had no doubts .
tr	NN	Holding my hands open in front of me in the water , I didn 't see any slime .
tr	NNS	He could see the tall , fair figures of the Spacers approaching the Commissioner with the news and breaking it to him in their unvarnished emotionless way .
tr	NNS	The intelligence in his gaze left her breathless .
tr	NN	" Thank you , my Laird . "
tr	NNS	Dude snarls a lot .
tr	NNS	We can actually exchange data through a guided interface 's central arbiter .
tr	NNS	Things were falling off shelves and wood was breaking but it did not bother them .
tr	NN	The bow scraped a piling - this somebody was hurried or inept .
tr	NN	" I 'm just giving the proper respect to a beautiful machine . "
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms against her cheeks , surprised that she had fallen asleep .
tr	NN	Those young people brought great joy to his life , allowing him to not completely give up on mankind and its violent and selfish nature . "
tr	NN	But Kylie wanted proof .
tr	NNS	He rewound the tapes .
tr	NNS	We set stations for each of us , we go in , and when night falls , we watch for her . "
tr	NN	Did you get the proof ? "
tr	NN	That should stop the bleeding until you can get to a real doctor . "
tr	NN	He sets my slice before me and waits .
tr	NNS	I could smell the changes in him . "
tr	NN	She grabbed a steak and salad and beer and he did likewise .
tr	NNS	' Mom has prepared many dishes for your birthday . '
tr	NNS	This time the fat man did not stagger backwards , but his legs buckled under his own weight where he stood .
tr	NNS	He withdrew his fangs and stared at me in surprise .
tr	NN	An image of her rolling over and greeting him with a kiss each morning tickled his imagination .
tr	NNS	Lily threw back the covers and padded across the room to the tiled bathroom on bare feet .
tr	NNS	I watched the rolling numbers and symbols of the meter reading , which was in the blue and rising toward green .
tr	NNS	We all collected Star Wars cards and I meshed right in with Chris and Donny .
tr	NNS	RR 20 HP 42 Damage 2d6 or any curse effect you want , he can hit all party members if he wants .
tr	NNS	Sam wouldn 't tolerate the servers being pawed or insulted .
tr	NNS	He steps closer to me , his bare feet inches from my towel .
tr	NNS	The sound of our ATV 's should get the wolves moving in the right direction . "
tr	NNS	The soft , red carpet beneath her feet bore elaborate designs of flowers .
tr	NN	" You ever stuck anybody with it ? "
tr	NNS	Hell , I even know the lottery numbers for tonight . "
tr	NNS	Dr. Quickly places his palms on the table .
tr	NN	No one wanted a dark tower , not even for a minute .
tr	NN	Give that woman a worthless knob in the middle of his property ?
tr	NNS	He created countless spells with it .
tr	NN	If the door to her room was ajar , and she opened that old antique chest , the fragrance of the wood would fill the entire dorm .
tr	NNS	A tyrant walked these same halls and brought the magic that ran through my people 's blood to near extinction .
tr	NN	" Rock , I want you to know , I don 't think any differently of you because of what you told me .
tr	NN	She felt the prick of tears .
tr	NNS	Kaitlyn followed his directions , then watched breathlessly as the colorful wheels turned , then slowly came to a stop , showing three cherries across .
tr	NN	Someone made a garbled announcement over a megaphone , and a second wave peaked .
tr	NN	Tisha should have some baby Tylenol in there .
tr	NN	She smiled and noticed Amy 's belly .
tr	NN	" Yes , we have the package , and no , there were no problems .
tr	NNS	Well , I shall send all your medical forms onward and I wish you all the best on this next venture .
tr	NN	Shaking his head , he shot a glare to her friends before turning back to Prudence .
tr	NNS	The dragon had four outstretched talons , as if it were preparing to descend on something and rake out the eyes of its prey .
tr	NN	I do so love technology , especially when it does all the things my iPhone does .
tr	NNS	I 've never touched drugs since then . "
tr	NN	Sen cut a vicious glare at him .
tr	NNS	Then , I stand and open eyelashes , whispering and smiling .
tr	NN	" What style is it , then ? "
tr	NN	You 'll never reach your full potential in that Circle .
tr	NN	Les turned off the gas stove and poured boiling water into a waiting teapot .
tr	NN	I am sittin " dere gettin " nervous .
tr	NN	She despised the Greek god who couldn 't be bothered to give her a child to replace the one she had lost .
tr	NNS	Putting it like that had just frustrated all her objections .
tr	NNS	And you can 't take chances until I can look at it . "
tr	NNS	I pushed back my covers , lying there for a moment before I could get my legs to move me to sitting .
tr	NNS	And I 'd be dead if they wanted me dead , I added mentally .
tr	NN	She will find the Mother !
tr	NN	My hand found a pink ribbon tied around the stem , then a tag hanging from the ribbon .
tr	NNS	This treatment will do wonders . "
tr	NN	He had a collection of friends as varied as a spice rack within a week of starting school .
tr	NNS	Towering Ash and Oak reached skyward , knurled twisted pillars beneath a swaying roof of green .
tr	NNS	" You mean dinosaurs ? "
tr	NN	But God hadn 't heard her desperate plea .
tr	NN	Still he took the rifle and worked in three rounds , by the truck , in the quiet .
tr	NN	I opened the menu quickly and ordered the Chicken Alfredo , the first thing my eyes landed on .
tr	NN	Maybe someone had thrown a bottle rocket through the front window and it was setting the carpet on fire ... " Rifle ! "
tr	NN	He phrased the last words delicately .
tr	NNS	Mom gasped and made disapproving noises about using firearms .
tr	NN	She put her fork aside and added some cream to her coffee .
tr	NNS	Madison scooped up both their coats and rushed back to Skyler .
tr	NNS	Collins pulled his pants pockets inside out .
tr	NNS	" Yes , we have tunnels .
tr	NN	" I will take my chariot into the city and meet with the prisoners .
tr	NN	Harry hiked his backpack up onto his shoulder and strode inside .
tr	NNS	Then I heard my father 's voice , " Face your fears , Olivia .
tr	NN	I brought the file back .
tr	NNS	Sorting through her dirty clothes , Elise carried her whites to the laundry room off the kitchen .
tr	NN	" You must have natural talent . "
tr	NNS	Every few feet a yellow sign warns drivers to watch out for elk .
tr	NN	Kate turned to see a trail of water along the aisle she had just been in , perhaps the store had a leak .
tr	NNS	We 'll pick out the safest houses , the ones with the least exposure , and spread out .
tr	NN	She sipped her orange juice and watched her friend eat .
tr	NNS	Do I hear eleven ?
tr	NNS	The man tucked his thumbs in his back pockets , looming over her , compelling , silent and dangerous .
tr	NNS	He was behind me , his arms unbreakable bands that kept me from hurting her or anyone else .
tr	NNS	It keeps the numbers down . "
tr	NNS	I assigned numbers to each letter A to Z , then forward or inverted I looked for any patterns between the name and the job . "
tr	NNS	" Are you trying to say I 've got the survival instincts of a wooly mammoth ? "
tr	NN	I don 't want a surgeon .
tr	NNS	He broke boards , bricks and even bent steel straps like those used in steel cages used by enemies to hold prisoners .
tr	NNS	She saw visions of Mur howling to the sky .
tr	NNS	Don 't chase the deer , feel the deer .
tr	NNS	The security cameras showed empty hallways .
tr	NNS	" But Herb gave me new coordinates and we don 't have a lot of time . "
tr	NN	Only he could give her the utter release she so terrifically longed for .
tr	NNS	" Within the book you brought , there have already sprouted mathematical equations that were only just recently discovered .
tr	NNS	" Just a couple dollars ?
tr	NNS	He 'd only taken two bites , but tossed the remainder in his bag .
tr	NNS	Wild energies around its rim hurled enforcer guardians aside .
tr	NNS	" I love the old-fashioned varieties .
tr	NNS	They always wanted the damn pens .
tr	NNS	" I want you and Mom to get back together , " Annie said fervently .
tr	NN	They eased my torment .
tr	NNS	He showed both palms and backed away .
tr	NNS	' I 'll make those enquiries . '
tr	NN	The horses continued their mad dash .
tr	NN	Even then , I only could have used that advice last week .
tr	NNS	In Russia , many veterans kept and wore their uniforms after leaving service , partly for necessity and partly for economic leverage .
tr	NN	You scared the crap out of me , sneaking up like that . "
tr	NNS	Fine soup makers . "
tr	NN	The glass of the exhibition cabinet , which holds the Princess 's ring is protected by cameras and underneath it lives an enormous snake .
tr	NN	The people remaining behind will get a new employer .
tr	NN	And he would forget the vile cost of having her back in his arms .
tr	NN	You 'll only cause their grief to last longer .
tr	NNS	Forget those ugly nightmares you have of Sofia . "
tr	NNS	" So tell me , " his Lordship continued in that stuffy accent of his , " where did you acquire all these statues ? "
tr	NNS	Before Argus can respond , Vel says , looming behind me , " You can attend the niceties later , ambassador .
tr	NN	David shed the windbreaker he was wearing and draped it over her shoulders .
tr	NN	Athena will raze our temple to the ground to get to you !
tr	NNS	She felt the roughness of his scars .
tr	NNS	I hate new Sunday School classes so I am going to do everything I can so I don 't have to go through this again .
tr	NNS	He 'd heard all the mother-in-law jokes and laughed with the rest , but Virginia wasn 't like that .
tr	NN	" Maybe you should wait and let mommy tell me .
tr	NN	I chose a neutral color scheme : soft blues , beige , and white .
tr	NN	Unable to bear it , she rolled off the sofa , weariness dragging at her limbs .
tr	NNS	" Minnie -- Miss Bradshaw -- designs the best chairs in Bath , Lord Avery . "
tr	NNS	He wears black slacks and a green dress shirt .
tr	NN	The tribe had a bronze statue of the horse made .
tr	NN	I hadn 't noticed its musical quality before .
tr	NN	The average person now lives a quarter of a century longer than their counterparts did just one hundred years ago .
tr	NN	He pulled the clip from her hair and buried his fingers into the silken mass , shuddering as the soft waves flowed over his hands .
tr	NNS	I kicked my slippers off to the wall , wiggling my toes in the hot sand .
tr	NN	The accordion player executed a foot-stomping tune , followed by the comedian , who did his bit like a seasoned pro .
tr	NN	In two minutes , one enemy ship had removed one cruiser and four frigates from the fight .
tr	NNS	Warden Drumheller 's body towered a few inches in front of me .
tr	NNS	She keeps bees - and goats , the milk of which , I believe , is very good indeed owing to homogenized fats . '
tr	NNS	" To yer stations an ' man the cannons ! "
tr	NNS	He shot , the hiss of Alicia 's gun in synchronicity with his .
tr	NNS	Rina , who lacked artifice and possessed extraordinary depth offered him many layers to uncover and revel in .
tr	NN	The only material evidence we possess suggests an imperial assassin . "
tr	NN	I 've chosen the theater .
tr	NN	She ran her tongue up and down his thick shaft , teased and nibbled at the underside of the flared head .
tr	NNS	My fingertips went over and over the wires , but to no purpose .
tr	NNS	She purposely had no morning classes so she wouldn 't have to be up at that hour .
tr	NN	Pulling them closer to me , my emotions well up causing a lump in my throat that I must force back down to speak .
tr	NNS	She tried the numbers on my call list , but nobody felt like answering the phone .
tr	NNS	" You like my racist , homophobic jokes . "
tr	NN	He walked a block along California Street , until he reached The Grill , his favorite Sunday lunch spot .
tr	NN	One of the detectives pulled out a wristwatch .
tr	NN	" Can I have a quarter for the vending machine ? "
tr	NNS	" I borrowed two thousand dollars from my brothers ' parents . "
tr	NNS	" I don 't like your terms .
tr	NNS	* * * Grace loved hospitals .
tr	NN	The pilot honked a toy horn .
tr	NN	The minor condom speed bump had little effect on their momentum .
tr	NN	He has a distinct Western philosophy , but his Romanov bloodline is direct .
tr	NN	Ross considered the moat a trivial obstacle - it was only a few inches deep and a foot wide .
tr	NNS	" Your people have strange customs with regards to mates and offspring .
tr	NN	I 'd hidden the sheath under my shirt while I worked but the knife is definitely still there .
tr	NNS	While my physiology forced me to rest , I once again surveyed my surroundings .
tr	NNS	Everywhere Mandy looked , she saw white coated waiters and bus boys standing at attention .
tr	NNS	I 've packed several fully loaded magazines .
tr	NN	He parked his rental and looked up at the opulence of the house .
tr	NN	" You haven 't got enough credit to buy her , Craft , and you know it . "
tr	NNS	" Except the victims . "
tr	NNS	He caressed her breasts with his long fingers , stroking and kneading , occasionally leaning forward to suckle while the water lapped at her as well .
tr	NNS	He lost fewer ships when he took a little extra care , which was better for profits and better for the crews too .
tr	NNS	After all , my pursuers wore the telltale black uniforms of the secret police .
tr	NNS	" I have two sons .
tr	NNS	She inhaled great , heaping gulps of air in an attempt to ease the shaking that wracked painfully through her bones .
tr	NN	The beauty threw a glare at the coach .
tr	NN	She felt a searing ache in her ribs .
tr	NN	My boy had been talking non-stop since we 'd left his practice session with Jacky .
tr	NN	" You used the past tense when speaking of Mabry .
tr	NNS	She wears a yellow sundress embroidered with white daisies .
tr	NNS	The glint in her eye confirmed his earlier suspicions about what she 'd want from him .
tr	NN	Wesley knew the seriousness of that statement .
tr	NNS	Emma looked at the belt as they slowly came out , one by one , all beautiful , long haired Norwegian Forest cats .
tr	NNS	He knew these roads like the back of his own hand .
tr	NNS	We need some wheels . '
tr	NNS	But the guns cannot pin down the missiles .
tr	NNS	" Your marks would determine what is to happen next , " Paige said encouragingly .
tr	NN	She tossed her napkin on her plate , leaned over the table , grabbed my face with both hands , and kissed me full on the lips .
tr	NN	Slightly plump , I imagined , and smiling easily .
tr	NNS	He placed the blocks beneath the window again , carefully , slowly , silently .
tr	NN	His thick , long erection nudged her belly .
tr	NN	Seeing Murdoch like this made even more blood drain from his face .
tr	NNS	We 'd obviously switched subjects , but I wasn 't sure what the new subject was .
tr	NNS	One tech was packing physical and chemical samples , and another was carefully uploading their findings .
tr	NN	A chill went down her spine .
tr	NNS	A glowing red line circled three planets grouped around a large star at the fringes of the traverse .
tr	NNS	My stomach growled terribly , I felt nauseous and dizzy from what I had eaten .
tr	NN	Speechless , he observed the surrounding landscape .
tr	NNS	Her older sisters had whispered scandalous tales of his liaisons , occasions when he had been caught in flagrant displays of seduction .
tr	NN	I feel a pang of sympathy for her .
tr	NNS	Uncle Drac took all the floors out of the turret so that his bats could fly wherever they wanted .
tr	NNS	But she couldn 't make excuses for him any longer .
tr	NNS	While the rest of the people around the conference table had been scrambling through their papers , Nik stated the figures from memory .
tr	NN	Now this woman was finally in his presence , Matson refused the urge to get angry or buckle to whatever mind games she has in store .
tr	NN	We might as well climb back onboard . "
tr	NNS	Most had fresh marks on them where the bulldozer blade had cut into the old wood as it pushed them upward out of the soil .
tr	NN	He heard a low mutter , then a cackle .
tr	NN	It didn 't have any effect .
tr	NNS	I enjoyed the servant 's different dishes of prime meats they 'd sent me .
tr	NNS	Susan passed out cups of tea .
tr	NN	Faith handed mum a teacup and saucer then gestured to the table .
tr	NNS	Even charming information out of Ian could have repercussions .
tr	NNS	" We have rights !
tr	NNS	Frank had built shelves , but they were crudely implemented .
tr	NN	" Well , you should read her file .
tr	NNS	Never mind the bliss of just being in his arms .
tr	NN	Notes were about condensing the material , not retyping the original text word for word .
tr	NNS	I follow their stares and find Luca himself standing outside .
tr	NN	Someone threw a wad of paper at John .
tr	NNS	Have you seen these gangs of people ?
tr	NNS	Sara 's mother took her daughter 's coins and after some digging in her shoulder bag , found her change purse and dropped them back inside .
tr	NNS	They had many methods of information extraction , and all were put to use .
tr	NNS	" That you know all Celine Dion 's lyrics . "
tr	NNS	" Who sent the roses ? "
tr	NN	He grabbed his briefcase , which was now more of a fashion accessory than a genuine business accoutrement , and scurried out of the interview suite .
tr	NNS	They too had their families snatched from them by Lynette and her followers .
tr	NNS	Today she let her braids down .
tr	NN	Without saying the words , she and I had made a bargain .
tr	NNS	She washed the dishes and made sure everything was dried and put away .
tr	NN	We could have face painting , and braiding ... . "
tr	NN	He knew every working Talon by sight , but not by voice .
tr	NNS	Oh my gosh , I pick jail terms to be snobbish about ?
tr	NN	His arms reached an impossibly long stretch across the windshield to scrape ice .
tr	NN	Arnold , accepting he was superfluous for the nonce , scratched his belly and yawned , then went in search of some reviving water and toothpaste .
tr	NN	" It 's all right , " Meg told the pup .
tr	NN	Elliott followed their uncle .
tr	NN	" Yes , but she 's also got a reputation to uphold .
tr	NN	" Why do you keep apologizing ? "
tr	NNS	Now go behind the compound , I heard noises there .
tr	NNS	She silently cursed the suits as she moved past , head held high , unnoticed .
tr	NNS	My father had been practicing spells lately .
tr	NN	He laid the towel down on the deck and put his shirt on , but failed to button it .
tr	NN	" I understood your meaning . "
tr	NN	I could see the cancer eating away at her .
tr	NN	Bo lined up another nail .
tr	NNS	" Did the foreign militants get the terrorists ? "
tr	NN	Next , Julia directed the browser to an Internet search engine .
tr	NN	He wore a plain white t-shirt and dark jeans , with a delicate silver chain around his neck .
tr	NN	Have you ever heard the phrase " Al bets are off " ?
tr	NNS	It falters backwards and falls back down , taking the other one with it .
tr	NN	" I have a benefits package I know you 'll love . "
tr	NNS	The smell of Old Spice permeated Zane 's senses for the first time in a month .
tr	NN	He tapped his temple .
tr	NNS	She quickly threw off her covers and picked up a pile of dirty clothes .
tr	NNS	He stilled his movements .
tr	NN	He lifted the lid to display the contents .
tr	NNS	Now that I take the time , I can see the marks of a hard journey on him .
tr	NNS	Mr. Gladwin stepped around fallen book shelves and overturned chairs and sofas .
tr	NNS	Defeated , we now removed place mats and spread sleeping towels on the table for the cats as soon as dinner was over .
tr	NNS	" We have no leaders .
tr	NN	In some cases participants all pay their entry fee with an actual frozen turkey , and the meat gets donated to a local food bank .
tr	NN	He turned the steed , and in a moment he was riding back out through the main gates .
tr	NNS	The tall steel skyscrapers made great targets for Zeus , the Greek god of storms .
tr	NNS	They immediately assumed firing squad positions around the door .
tr	NNS	It had various knobs and levers , with pipes sticking out of unexpected places .
tr	NNS	You know his methods . "
tr	NN	He directed a glare at Marie and Ross that would disintegrate stone .
tr	NNS	On the white face she saw the 12 numbers that composed the gate address .
tr	NNS	He has broad sweeping powers .
tr	NNS	Because Leo did have good instincts , by God .
tr	NNS	" I know of all the greatest hotels .
tr	NNS	Jen carefully cleared all the plates and glasses away and made the caravan look as if no-one had been there .
tr	NN	He stuffs a handful of popcorn into his mouth .
tr	NN	And the death had a serenity to it .
tr	NNS	" The car has a few supplies , a little bit of money and directions .
tr	NNS	" Anyway , most of the houses I searched had completely exhausted food supplies .
tr	NN	With a hunger burning like a furnace in me , I grabbed a fork and dug into the potatoes , taking a huge bite .
tr	NN	I smirk and catch a glimpse of our reflections in the dark glass of an office window .
tr	NNS	She just gave them directions .
tr	NNS	" We 're holding all the cards now . "
tr	NNS	" Use the mules to grind away at them rather than trying to do it for the shock value .
tr	NN	Most of the farmers he knew in Montana grew wheat .
tr	NNS	It 's not even making woo-woo noises .
tr	NNS	" I taste peaches , too .
tr	NNS	Why would an innocent person be training the dogs in secret ? "
tr	NN	He kissed her urgently , hungrily , almost angrily as she clung to his shoulders , helpless to resist .
tr	NNS	Countless times , Dalton had cursed politics while draped inside of the rough brown leather .
tr	NN	I dropped the towel to the floor , put on a pair of boxer shorts and collapsed onto my bed .
tr	NNS	I would tell some lies for his happiness but he would identify the truth beneath my lies .
tr	NNS	She had some lady balls .
tr	NN	I 've got a pressing engagement elsewhere . "
tr	NNS	Do I fear the repercussions of my actions ?
tr	NNS	" Yeah , and the expectations that Sharon 's behavior has imposed on every Watermelon Queen since .
tr	NNS	I 've had offers to franchise , but it doesn 't feel right .
tr	NNS	" But you canceled all those trips . "
tr	NN	He considered punishment for Aedan , and then recalled that Ashe had shown up immediately when Aedan had been in danger before .
tr	NNS	I rip the covers off and jump out of bed .
tr	NNS	" Honestly , I say you two should sleep the night , get some supplies from here and then hit the road .
tr	NN	He strode up the hill on the other side and deposited her at the top .
tr	NN	Give her a bath and her skin begins to fester .
tr	NNS	Maybe he had other issues on his mind and was trying hard to be happy for me .
tr	NN	" I didn 't realize how attractive a quality that was in a man . "
tr	NN	Could he have met his fate ?
tr	NNS	My father scribbled some numbers on a scrap of paper , which he slipped into a drawer .
tr	NNS	I 've got eleven more to go . "
tr	NN	From the inside , Max paid the GWA 's biggest star to sit out with a phony injury .
tr	NNS	Cafeteria had few students .
tr	NN	She was courageous , honest , caring , so beautiful it made his chest ache .
tr	NN	And in the process , he could , perhaps , decipher the puzzle the girl had just presented .
tr	NNS	Who was representing his interests ?
tr	NN	Linda adjusted her cap and scanned the area .
tr	NNS	Every second she resisted the desire to attack a male increased his chances of surviving the next few days .
tr	NNS	He eyeballed the items inside carefully , evaluating their purpose .
tr	NN	My heart wouldn 't let my finger squeeze .
tr	NNS	If it slips out , it will gunk up their operations !
tr	NNS	Using his hands , he spread my thighs wide and settled between them .
tr	NN	I let out a huff and forced a smile .
tr	NNS	He had a few scratches to his face and arms .
tr	NNS	" And added my eyeballs to your eyeball collection , no doubt . "
tr	NNS	You learn your capabilities and limitations , and the value of hard work and persistence .
tr	NNS	" Microwave hot dogs - they 're still pretty hot - and Nachos and potato chips . "
tr	NNS	Your uncle has been requesting weekly reports .
tr	NN	Robert swallowed a lump in his own throat , knowing exactly what she wished .
tr	NN	Alex could operate a cordless drill .
tr	NN	" Did you see that little diner on 5th Street ? "
tr	NNS	Her father led the prayers , his deep voice confident that God would hear , and God would save the child .
tr	NNS	Ames even brought me my meals on break from work and visited me for hours each night .
tr	NNS	" We destroyed all those ghastly statues the ambassador left behind .
tr	NN	I pushed aside my growing unease .
tr	NN	Taylor placed his large backpack in the trunk , and I started the ignition .
tr	NN	He 'd expected intelligence .
tr	NN	I could feel the Talent coiled inside , wanting to snap forth and destroy the very thing I was trying to protect .
tr	NN	After being so much afraid , the clockmaker now felt only a pity for the poor struggling king .
tr	NNS	You have more pressing issues on your plate . "
tr	NNS	I pushed the mats off the floor .
tr	NN	Looking at him I expected a cacophony of ancient lungs and blocked airways but his laugh was full of impetuous , energetic promises .
tr	NNS	What if she didn 't know the dangers and ran to him ?
tr	NNS	He walked round the side roads , but found nothing .
tr	NNS	Maybe he had switched telephone numbers ?
tr	NNS	" Altogether they gave us six hamburgers , six bags of fries ... four cooked hamburger patties , and bottled water . "
tr	NN	The demon clutched John 's throat , claws digging into his skin .
tr	NNS	Some of the students preferred their own solitude , some enjoyed crowds , while others were very interested in kindling new relationships .
tr	NNS	They used entirely different methods , however .
tr	NN	Mr. Krebs pulled the wagon off the pavement .
tr	NN	Figuring he 'd like some peace and quiet as he had breakfast , she left the stall .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of a busy room - filled with desks and people , mostly men .
tr	NNS	I reach him , my face only inches away from his .
tr	NN	I had a Band-Aid on the side of my forehead , which was not at all cute .
tr	NN	He takes a strand of my hair and twirls it around his finger .
tr	NN	Liz pushed her cart into Bryan .
tr	NNS	" Look , I 've got the wilderness skills you need to get through the Rockies in one piece .
tr	NN	Probably the owner of the convertible .
tr	NNS	" He grew balls .
tr	NNS	Everyone had their levers .
tr	NN	She eyeballed Ice and then Nik .
tr	NN	" You have no patience .
tr	NN	I saw the file .
tr	NN	He kissed my knuckles with firm , dry lips .
tr	NN	She was selling his own coke back to him .
tr	NN	He destroyed the Blood who followed her .
tr	NN	If I can 't be with Roland , I will be here torturing a snake instead .
tr	NN	I never neglect protection .
tr	NN	He lowered her coat 's zipper tooth by tooth .
tr	NNS	I wiped my sweaty palms on the sofa .
tr	NNS	I flung the shields aside like skipping stones , hardly caring where they went .
tr	NNS	This one held items from an earlier time .
tr	NNS	He hastily followed the tracks of the spearmen , which lay plain in the damp loam before him .
tr	NNS	" I 'll give you a hundred thousand dollars for it . "
tr	NN	Leave the honey alone .
tr	NN	But he wouldn 't ever cause the woman irrevocable harm .
tr	NN	He put the receiver down and stared at the telephone for several seconds , strongly tempted to call Liz , but what more could he say ?
tr	NN	" Your Highness , your wife entered confinement three hours ago , and the midwives expect the child to be born tonight .
tr	NN	" If he cared , why didn 't he stop this whole charade from playing out before it started ? "
tr	NN	" It 's got a magnetic clasp ; just pull the ends apart there . "
tr	NNS	Terror and disbelief as he 'd leaped the ten yards to the door .
tr	NN	Jonas started pacing along the top of the cliffs , studying the shoreline carefully .
tr	NN	You 'll feel the lower oxygen .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods I don 't kill you . "
tr	NNS	As thirsty as she was , she 'd take her chances .
tr	NN	Joseph let out a low growl of warning .
tr	NN	I kept my growl to myself .
tr	NN	This , given my alleged suicide , will bring uproar .
tr	NNS	He left the biscuits and mincemeat at the center of the table , where each man could serve himself .
tr	NNS	He had other skills .
tr	NNS	The Black Riders were pulling wares out of the back of the merchant 's wagon , and inspected each of them .
tr	NN	Ahead in the distance lay a range of grey mountains .
tr	NN	" You need a healer . "
tr	NN	To seek vengeance for slaughtering my parents , and many others .
tr	NNS	We robots have no appetites , no ambitions , no sexual urges .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness I recognized that before it was too late . "
tr	NN	Adam felt his pulse quicken .
tr	NN	The wiry curls around her opening tickled , sweet contrast to the need to pump and pump and never stop .
tr	NN	He practically yanked the basket from her arm , took the cloth off , and began dividing the contents into three large wooden bowls .
tr	NN	I handed the chunk over .
tr	NNS	The Agent stopped two or three paces in front of them and slowly raised his sunglasses to his forehead .
tr	NNS	Then he vigorously dug his fingernails into one armpit .
tr	NNS	" Then , we plug the cables and burn them . "
tr	NNS	But for such an enterprise funds were needed -- millions upon millions .
tr	NN	I compared the net before me to the one in the drawing .
tr	NNS	" Do you think it 's drugs ?
tr	NNS	I blink my eyelashes seeing .
tr	NNS	' I have not heard any cats . '
tr	NNS	" Bring several varieties . "
tr	NNS	He had a moment 's utter bliss , then reality crashed in .
tr	NNS	Shane pried the jaws off him .
tr	NN	I turn the ignition of Lucy 's car , but there is only a series of metallic clicks .
tr	NN	Arjuna sent out his consciousness to be with all in the valley .
tr	NNS	Kylie , along with the crowd , followed his directions .
tr	NN	" Sorry , uh , I have a favor to ask you . "
tr	NNS	I then heard noises echoing in the distance .
tr	NN	He had a leather-bound menu in one hand .
tr	NNS	She remembered well the tunnels and passages to take to keep hidden while they needed to .
tr	NNS	" No more drink stations . "
tr	NNS	In Washington , D.C. , panicked bureaucrats , knowing their days are numbered , ransack their government offices of anything of value .
tr	NN	Emily brought a cake that would have won over a harder man than Charlie .
tr	NNS	An uneasy feeling made the hairs on the back of his neck tingle .
tr	NN	7 The hovercraft makes a quick , spiral descent onto a wide road on the outskirts of 8 .
tr	NN	" When someone threatens me or endangers a person under my protection , I make an example of him .
tr	NN	Although I believe occasionally , now and then , I called her Lu .
tr	NN	Some bigwig 's lending a very special painting to one of the displays .
tr	NNS	That will cover up the marks in front .
tr	NN	' It 's good , you want a slice ? '
tr	NNS	All my family , even the vampire I shared no biological ties to .
tr	NNS	I made sympathetic noises .
tr	NNS	" A poor town wouldn 't have nice clean buildings .
tr	NN	Yolanda returned the mic to Dwight after he replaced the voting box on the table .
tr	NNS	The fact that I loved being with Kellen spoke volumes about the depths of my feelings for him .
tr	NNS	She 's sporting a few more gray hairs as a result of all she 's been through , but she 's still smiling .
tr	NN	Inside , she found a large round diamond set in white gold with smaller diamonds all around the band .
tr	NN	For a while , during my time in Crawley , I was given the task of getting information on paint research .
tr	NN	" He tried a coup , earlier .
tr	NN	Sloane immediately noticed the gleam in his eyes , more apparent now that his face was visible and his hair freshly washed , cut , and styled .
tr	NNS	He wanted no more than 10 students to try it out , and I , of course , had recommended Sarah .
tr	NNS	They carried spears and swords , and brazen shields that flashed like mirrors , scintillating bright reflections of the brimstone 's lurid light .
tr	NN	" Well fighting in school and sneaking out to go see a film . "
tr	NNS	No matter how many times his mind reached for Raven 's , he found emptiness .
tr	NNS	Thanks to the federal government , I ain 't had too many dates recently ; just now getting back in the game .
tr	NN	He opened a drawer and the utensils rattled as he came up with a spatula .
tr	NN	Closing her eyes , she said a prayer for Lauren , then she got into the car .
tr	NNS	They thrust their microphones at her and pulled at her sleeves .
tr	NN	You cannot put the universe in a bag , because what ever would be outside the bag is also part of the universe .
tr	NNS	She just runs errands for him .
tr	NNS	He marked the golden points by pencil marks .
tr	NNS	I bet the wine tastes like piss , and the girls all have the clap . "
tr	NN	Nick simply didn 't have the patience for Allies issues with word choice .
tr	NN	But I promise you , tonight begins an era that will ensure that I will never be forgotten again .
tr	NN	She maintained her demeanor until they reached their bedroom door .
tr	NNS	If we did , would we find the wolves there waiting ?
tr	NNS	I would sooner pull out my own eyeballs and eat them rather than have Davis see me and think we could actually talk .
tr	NNS	" You just finish your chores and then spend the day with Ann .
tr	NNS	" Well , you know the terms .
tr	NNS	On the other hand , he just made ten million dollars .
tr	NNS	You have the three thousand bucks ? "
tr	NN	Endless bloodshed has shattered the soldiers ' faith in the fragile elasticity of the system .
tr	NNS	Once in the open , the updraft technology amplified the currents of rising hot air and he went gliding at a soft angle into the pouring rain .
tr	NN	Cassie pulled her crossbow from her back , grasping hold of it with one hand as she juggled the box under her arm .
tr	NNS	My mother , however , had suffered four cracked ribs and a punctured lung .
tr	NNS	" Away in the head -- lose your senses .
tr	NNS	His next words confirmed her fears .
tr	NN	' They are , um , the , er , support band . '
tr	NN	" Don 't expect any special consideration , mundane . "
tr	NN	Someone brought her a basin of cold water to soak her hands in .
tr	NN	They restrained their bloodlust , hunted other vampires , and protected humanity .
tr	NNS	I 'll watch out fir ya . "
tr	NNS	He kept the other two dogs in the main dining room , with two handlers .
tr	NN	I didn 't submit my resignation for all the reasons you mentioned the other night .
tr	NN	The vice president forked a mouthful of scrambled eggs , New Mexico style , and nodded with appreciation .
tr	NNS	Suddenly I heard a hiss behind me .
tr	NN	" He owes me a favor . "
tr	NN	Because you 're here , she has enough frame of reference to know you 're somehow important to her , but doesn 't know why . "
tr	NN	Why couldn 't he keep the paint on the paper ? "
tr	NNS	Adam Kinkade dates models ... what does he see in you ... My hands began to shake .
tr	NN	Sam just had X-ray equipment set up for Maren last month .
tr	NNS	The pines whipped wildly , their needles cutting the air with whispers that sounded like the rising and falling static that I 'd heard for months .
tr	NN	Then take your own advice , Ashe .
tr	NN	For years , I 'd cursed this fate , hating the life sentence I 'd been given .
tr	NN	We can watch a film together before we go out to dinner . "
tr	NNS	He flashed his fangs at me .
tr	NNS	I hated the long breaks we took , sitting around waiting for the lighting to be moved or the director to argue with the writers .
tr	NNS	Portraits offered , hand-painted tea cups for sale , jewelry , and driftwood .
tr	NN	I also saw the goddamned video , all right ?
tr	NN	He was marking every detail she dropped .
tr	NNS	He sent Justus there .
tr	NN	" If I have to , " he replied , lazy good humor in his voice .
tr	NNS	On the other side of the gulch , an undulating field of tall sugar cane flowed up the mountain slopes .
tr	NN	To make the sedative . "
tr	NNS	I see tracks around the garden area and the back courtyard in particular .
tr	NN	She shook out the braid she 'd managed in those few seconds and began again .
tr	NN	But what greatness was this mad king chasing ?
tr	NNS	Some men were moving supplies in and out of the house as I scanned it .
tr	NN	I must devise the necessary mathematics to deal with it .
tr	NNS	A choppy laugh shook those globes of perfection against his chest .
tr	NNS	That should keep the wolves from the door for a little while .
tr	NNS	Her eyes followed the crowds of people below as they filed into the pancake house .
tr	NNS	At this point he had his doubts .
tr	NN	" You have never put together a puzzle ? "
tr	NN	" And has any of my brethren tried kidnapping one of you , forcing you into a Claiming ? "
tr	NN	They carried the liquor and food into the pool house and Glen right away plugged in the electric heater .
tr	NNS	" And without further adieu , welcome citizens of Huron to the one thousand , two hundred and twenty-fourth Festival of Lights ! "
tr	NN	" I have an ingredient I need from you . "
tr	NNS	I had slowed the lioness with my breathing and my pulse , but the image that she put in my head was not very human .
tr	NN	No doubt they were discussing my agreeing to let Leif in to see me .
tr	NN	Mikaela felt an odd reluctance in her daughter , but at last Jacey leaned over the bed rail .
tr	NN	" Make an exception for an old man ! "
tr	NN	Taro felt a pang of anger .
tr	NN	I beg your pardon for any mistake , sir . "
tr	NN	The modern electric train pulling into Lilydale Station broke Caroline 's reverie .
tr	NN	" Er ... " Mo dropped the towel and looked away .
tr	NN	" Weak women get no respect . "
tr	NN	" Didn 't you read the memo ? "
tr	NNS	Between those and a supply of paint remover , he 'd made arrangements with other detainees to start fires simultaneously on their living floor .
tr	NN	He ripped the painting from its hook and threw it aside , revealing another keypad , another passcode .
tr	NNS	Stacy drove a few blocks and pulled into the lot of a different station .
tr	NN	They were in school together , a good boy like my Henri .
tr	NNS	Sebastian could understand her fears .
tr	NNS	" So you see the visions whenever you 're near the site of a sudden death . "
tr	NNS	The librarian has stores of microfiche and , you know , Internet access .
tr	NNS	" Gather your wits and follow me .
tr	NNS	The Merton Hotel would not accept any dogs and there was no way she would put Daisy in strange kennels .
tr	NN	He wore a long-sleeved ribbed t-shirt and tailored slacks .
tr	NN	She had more modeling and personal appearance jobs than she could handle .
tr	NN	While he spoke the words , his hand was already sliding up my thigh , pushing my nightgown out of the way .
tr	NN	For so long , he 'd controlled every aspect of my life .
tr	NNS	" How may I serve my subjects today ? "
tr	NNS	But her favorite was taking the dogs for their walks .
tr	NN	Something new had been added , a double row of large animal cages , six on each side of the room , facing each other .
tr	NN	And that is one of the reasons we must find and kill this high lord who thinks to claim you . "
tr	NNS	Frowning , he redoubled his efforts .
tr	NN	These days , pride starched her spine far better than any back brace she 'd been forced to wear to combat scoliosis .
tr	NN	They bag the dead bat and anteater in plastic bags and add them to the collection .
tr	NNS	Like the spirit of the city itself , it would take more than a few bombs to topple St. Paul 's .
tr	NN	Seeing this , Jordan collected the detector , stood , and moved to her side , sticking close , either jealous or worried .
tr	NN	I have told him he may even get a medal for his services to Turkey .
tr	NNS	" I appreciated your directness . "
tr	NN	" For example ? "
tr	NNS	Strangely , most of them included bears .
tr	NNS	Edgar carefully measured two drops of the eye salve into her eyes .
tr	NNS	He had also killed several underground criminals in order to expand his empire into their territory .
tr	NN	" Beat the crap out of her !
tr	NNS	" The military treats the personnel 's families like dogs .
tr	NNS	The MYTH ship fired four shots .
tr	NN	Della snatched up a sofa pillow and tossed it at Kylie .
tr	NN	But his gaze kept landing on Emma .
tr	NNS	I don 't like surprises all that much . "
tr	NN	He gave my arm a squeeze .
tr	NN	You 've my oath on it . "
tr	NN	Ian finally set down his pen .
tr	NN	She twirls a strand of hair around a finger .
tr	NNS	As I looked down in the shallow water , I could see little bits of something glimmering up at me .
tr	NN	Somehow , I felt a sorrow when I pronounced the last word .
tr	NNS	I 'd never seen so many dogs in one place .
tr	NNS	Although it might be a good idea if you don 't make sandwiches for a while . '
tr	NNS	Beneath sparse lashes the horse 's glass eye fixes on me , almost as if to beckon me closer .
tr	NNS	Their change from being primarily hunter-gatherers to farming and raising animals had allowed their numbers to more than triple .
tr	NN	" OMG it 's feels hotter out here than it did thirty minutes ago . "
tr	NNS	I altered descriptions and names of the main characters : the thieves , the guards , and the detective , while still incorporating small bits of truth .
tr	NN	She removed a six-pack , a big bag of chips and a bottle of Jim Beam .
tr	NN	My airways could easily suck down the oxygen I needed during the race .
tr	NNS	' The police have done all their questioning so we 're pushing off . '
tr	NNS	She had obligations here .
tr	NNS	" I don 't use drugs . "
tr	NN	She gave me another squeeze , looked away and murmured , " Well done , my dear . "
tr	NN	She placed the receiver on the charger .
tr	NNS	The cold , distasteful expression he wore earned way more cool points .
tr	NNS	Now , I have new allies .
tr	NN	An explosion tore a nearby shuttle carrier to flakes of fire and metal .
tr	NNS	" He gave me back all the honors that come to me from my estates .
tr	NNS	" You eatin ' those damn birds ? "
tr	NN	I heard her yell for him .
tr	NNS	Well , you know the vegetables you eat for your meals ? "
tr	NN	" Would you suck my cock ? "
tr	NN	But before she could make it down the stairs , she saw her daughter riding into the courtyard .
tr	NN	The Prince felt the sharpness of loss in that instance and the heaviness of an emerging envy .
tr	NNS	" You mean his dogs . "
tr	NNS	I flip the pages of the album , seeing middle school pass by me .
tr	NNS	I gave them directions , not very clear directions , and hoped they got lost out in somewhere like Hotshot .
tr	NNS	" If they chop up the orangutan and feed him to the dragons , won 't that kill two birds with one stone ? "
tr	NNS	" He killed our fathers . "
tr	NNS	What difference is taking a few classes going to make ? "
tr	NN	She pushed the instrument in .
tr	NNS	She brings my deliveries from there when she comes to work most days . "
tr	NN	" I have been analyzing the outer hull and it is made of an alloy that is foreign to our data base .
tr	NNS	He 'd discovered that one squashed to juicy bits in his pocket when he 'd put a hand in there .
tr	NN	Alice started up the staircase , but stopped midway and looked down over the banister at her husband .
tr	NN	I opened his dresser and pulled out a pair of pajamas .
tr	NNS	We attributed the nightmares to some quake of his talent that radiated outward .
tr	NNS	We passed hallways and doors , down elevators and through waiting rooms .
tr	NNS	Sexton would certainly want all the data he could possibly get on PODS as soon as she told him about Harper .
tr	NNS	He saw a few drops of blood on his fingers .
tr	NN	However , glancing at the suit out of the corner of my eye I noticed the subtle but tell-tale sheen of lightweight Kevlar threads running through it .
tr	NNS	The sensation of his breath moving over my skin heightened my senses .
tr	NN	Crista felt the sudden clap of stillness crack with her anger .
tr	NN	He lets the door slam behind him .
tr	NN	" Your father underestimated that particular talent of mine for years .
tr	NN	She set the wrapped package off to the side as she nodded .
tr	NNS	She shoved her tits together , pushing them up into Mr. Hayes ' face .
tr	NN	The bite shot a bolt of pure pleasure rocketing through him .
tr	NNS	You weren 't out scouting sites , talking to real estate agents , or bankers .
tr	NNS	Using his other hand , he checked both pockets for change - all that remained was coppers and a couple of 5p coins .
tr	NN	He held up a metal cylinder about two feet long , olive drab in color .
tr	NNS	Then she refreshed their coffees .
tr	NN	As promised , there was barbed wire and bunkers , but the main thing I took away from the place was how still and barren it was .
tr	NNS	She put the deer back down and stared at it , watching the fleas jump off its lifeless body .
tr	NNS	" He made millions while he was playing football .
tr	NN	She showed me the estimate on a kitchen renovation they had done a month before .
tr	NN	He grabbed his assault rifle , which was slung over his shoulder .
tr	NNS	The goons and Watson had the proverbial " deer in the headlights " look , staring wide-eyed at me .
tr	NNS	We didn 't have enough supplies . "
tr	NNS	I slid my knives free from their thigh sheaths , attracting a glance from Fade .
tr	NN	I need a new charger ; my old one is one of the many casualties of my ransacked apartment .
tr	NN	Want a medal ? "
tr	NNS	Darryl took a few deep breaths .
tr	NNS	What other tricks was she missing , what other secrets had died with the Lord Ruler ?
tr	NNS	She changed subjects while she rang up the transaction .
tr	NNS	The waitress had just cleared their plates and left the bill .
tr	NNS	Dim moonlight copied our silhouettes in dark shades of grey against the wall as we moved .
tr	NN	Bonnie made a spectacular leap and just for a moment Elena could feel a smal soapy , sudsy body in her arms .
tr	NN	A neighbor of mine owns a boutique in town .
tr	NN	Then he dropped the hilt in . '
tr	NN	The panther in her gave a satisfied growl , the female happy finally to have a mate .
tr	NN	The general law of the sanctity of property provides sufficient protection .
tr	NN	If I thought I 'd been mistaken , his smirk confirmed my initial assumption .
tr	NNS	Her hesitation spoke volumes and only added to my suspicion that she was hiding something .
tr	NNS	A lump on the bed , rivers of light spotlighted bits of the room , the dust thick in the air .
tr	NN	I could feel the blood drain from my face .
tr	NNS	" If you get your way , the US will take over all safe areas on the earth .
tr	NNS	Down by the pool , tall water plants raised spears to the sky , amongst which flowers flared like bright butterflies .
tr	NN	" You found my dagger . "
tr	NN	She sends him odd correspondence , and sometimes will send him gifts . "
tr	NN	Thinking he 'd been insulted , he turned his gaze blankly back to the street again .
tr	NN	They just wanted privacy while getting there . "
tr	NN	Little by little Fuchs was implementing the Faith 's social structure to the letter .
tr	NN	We 've been planning the coup for ourselves way before you guys did .
tr	NN	We can no longer delay the transition . "
tr	NNS	But we need numbers , like Simon . "
tr	NN	You can 't leave a fox without a real tail !
tr	NNS	If there had been railings nearby , she 'd have clicked her blades along them as she approached , just to scare him more .
tr	NNS	We have connections we wouldn 't have dreamed possible a year ago . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon .
tr	NNS	He had shelves and shelves of hand-written books , but he always said they were ' personal ' and kept the cabinets locked .
tr	NN	Bax lifted the pillow up and I could hear Marcus 's sucking breaths from where I was standing .
tr	NNS	The full implications of his plan finally sank in , meaning , he wouldn 't be seeing Jess anymore .
tr	NNS	Out the window I watched the figures at the faux crime scene .
tr	NNS	He caught up a couple blocks down .
tr	NN	I understood her silent plea .
tr	NN	She doesn 't know a fuck .
tr	NNS	Gray had noticed the marks before but hadn 't placed any significance on them .
tr	NNS	" I 've got seventy-two cents for you . "
tr	NN	With one deft movement he split the material .
tr	NN	I 've never eaten a beetle in my life . "
tr	NNS	She 'd seen the conditions of a few schools , but they weren 't the main focus of her team 's work .
tr	NNS	Residents heard shots at approximately 10pm .
tr	NN	She replaced the receiver .
tr	NN	She 'd been practicing her thrall over the last week .
tr	NN	" I might not have studied film , but narrative structure is universal .
tr	NN	Francesca fights a yawn .
tr	NNS	" Or the ghosts .
tr	NNS	She had used her powers to her own advantage .
tr	NN	Diego resisted the urge to scratch his arm in its sling , and he was suddenly aware of every abrasion on his body .
tr	NNS	Cosmetic surgeons can do wonders these days -- you know , shorten your arms .
tr	NNS	" But perhaps you know scientists on your world . "
tr	NN	Still , her grin only thinly veiled her terror .
tr	NNS	" You put , what , chemicals in the food ?
tr	NNS	His wife had had her tubes tied during the cesarean section performed at Callie 's birth .
tr	NN	Karly slapped Ava 's butt as Ava dragged herself toward the door .
tr	NN	At least we can now start treatment for it " .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , when I peek inside , I find a dozen or so pairs of fancy underwear in a rainbow of colors .
tr	NNS	They build all the sun buildings including the sun palace .
tr	NNS	Winkler wasn 't taking any chances with my blood supply and that puzzled me a little .
tr	NN	Not for nothing is this sea called the Viking Sea .
tr	NN	He turned his glare to me .
tr	NNS	Using the limited light from the flame , they tossed personal items around the wagon until Jeff found a metal handle ratcheted to the floor .
tr	NN	He scared away the terror that haunted her .
tr	NNS	His fury rising , he bared his fangs and threw his arm outward .
tr	NNS	They had huge wooden clubs in their hands and they did not look friendly .
tr	NN	They played a fiddle tune with Irish sounds and Mr. Smith took a deep breath with a polite smile .
tr	NNS	" I use the cards dealt to me .
tr	NN	He had a beautiful , majestic cock .
tr	NN	Jagged gashes scarred the leather dash where I clawed for bearing as I was smashed against the door .
tr	NNS	I kept my movements as smal as possible , hoping that the bending of the boughs under my weight would just look like wind .
tr	NN	She picked up her briefcase and pushed back her chair .
tr	NN	He reported the disaster , but also the success .
tr	NNS	I noticed other dark suits outside the main house and along the trails , even a couple slipping in and out of the trees .
tr	NN	" So you got the recording ? "
tr	NN	Then he gave a casual shrug to counteract the telltale sign .
tr	NN	He jiggled the doorknob .
tr	NNS	I made arrangements with Tara to come back and debrief us once we were unpacked and settled in .
tr	NNS	Being so close , the raw magnetism he exuded jumbled my senses and made my pulse erratic .
tr	NN	He would make an example of Aden .
tr	NNS	I toss my eyeballs at Rosa .
tr	NNS	We got our skates and were lacing up when Barbi started flirting with a guy who was taking a break from skating .
tr	NN	Her tongue felt the sharpness of her lengthening incisors .
tr	NNS	I can control the bats , and they will serve to warn us of any danger .
tr	NNS	I just put three balls into the pocket . "
tr	NN	I had finished my supply .
tr	NN	Kent mouthed the word ' unmade , ' in astonishment , but bowed deeply to them both and then fled with all haste .
tr	NN	" I miniaturized the battery .
tr	NNS	When she had photographed the entire contents of the file she neatly placed the pages back inside and returned it to the shelf .
tr	NNS	" Got ten bucks ? "
tr	NNS	" I don 't know about the hospitals really , but those other places , that 's good .
tr	NNS	People flashed the commemorative gold coins with thanks , saying they 'd be saving them .
tr	NNS	" Odd things , vampire bites .
tr	NNS	I made small whimpering noises around Ash 's body as he found that spot inside me , and began to work over and over it .
tr	NNS	" I know Jennings well ; he is tough as nails .
tr	NNS	He rubbed out the chalks marks on his side and snuffed out the two nearest candles .
tr	NN	He was committing the unbelievably gauche sin of lusting after his own wife at a social event , but he didn 't give a damn .
tr	NN	Ghost had his thigh wrapped with cloth , and I knew he was going to be okay .
tr	NN	And then I also had an urge to pull my collar up higher around my neck , so I did .
tr	NNS	He attends classes at the local community college and plans on transferring to university as soon as his lengthy rehabilitation is over .
tr	NN	Give them all the coordinates . "
tr	NNS	" Just that he might have made the remarks based on an intuition . "
tr	NNS	" Once in a while we get a few bats , but they shouldn 't bother you . "
tr	NNS	He was taking no chances with her safety .
tr	NN	Crickets chirped a lazy tune , and moonlight dripped hazy rays on the grass .
tr	NNS	Yeah , seriously , just walk downtown , weed shops everywhere .
tr	NN	His touch rekindled the hunger she 'd been trying to smote .
tr	NNS	All very well to say , he had scales ; it would take a week of bathing before he felt at all clean again .
tr	NN	He released the assault rifle he 'd picked up , scowled as if life was suddenly unfair , and collapsed to the ground .
tr	NNS	" Come now my valiant companions , please let us greet our new guests in this beautiful part of the forest ! "
tr	NN	She thanked the attendant and watched him take the wheel only to park it a few feet away .
tr	NN	The him in question had even left a bouquet of roses resting on the roof of the car .
tr	NN	Not interested in being analyzed , I switch the topic .
tr	NN	Clem and Perry both nodded their acknowledgment .
tr	NN	He didn 't want my jewelry . "
tr	NN	The minute I heard the slow tap of shoes descending the cement steps , I raced down the block .
tr	NN	He opened his center desk drawer and withdrew his Walther PPK 7.65 .
tr	NNS	My people were watching the railway stations , and informed me when they saw her .
tr	NNS	I gasp as a figure of the Ruth I know forms , becoming clearer and clearer as she moves closer to me .
tr	NN	" I 'll take the bunk on the port side , nearest the door .
tr	NNS	Pia has security cameras all over this place , even in the warehouse .
tr	NN	" You asked your first lawyer to find me .
tr	NNS	Fear dampened her palms and she was sure she could hear the sound of her heart racing even through the heavy padding of her coat .
tr	NNS	It preheated the tiled floors to take away the morning chill .
tr	NNS	You shame your ancestors with your haste ! '
tr	NNS	" I do not know my chances of wooing her to myself ; they say she yields to no man .
tr	NNS	The roller coaster barreled past her , only a few yards from her windshield .
tr	NN	He felt his Fire pushing angrily against the walls .
tr	NNS	" Where shall we find the supplies ? "
tr	NNS	You have a thousand dollars on that table ! "
tr	NNS	" Really , you still have those sorts of things down there ? "
tr	NN	You were seeking the dark justice of our people . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon . "
tr	NNS	She had chic lettuce wraps .
tr	NN	Over that she wore a see-through black blouse with satin edging at the buttons , collar and cuffs .
tr	NNS	I have two cats . "
tr	NNS	She wore plugs in her ears from a music player .
tr	NNS	These two had serious , deep-rooted connections .
tr	NN	He saw that article , about Maddy .
tr	NN	I couldn 't fight off a kitten in this state . "
tr	NN	The smile on his face made my heart ache .
tr	NN	The bedroom door was ajar , he noted , a faint light spilling from within .
tr	NNS	' I wouldn 't rate your chances . '
tr	NN	Bake the damn cake if it 's that important to you . "
tr	NNS	By the fourth song he gently cupped her buttocks , rubbing his hands over the soft fabric of her red leggings .
tr	NNS	She placed the steaming hot cups of coffee on the table before she spoke .
tr	NNS	We 've checked all his known addresses and he 's not at any .
tr	NNS	Looking into each other 's eyes a feeling of oneness , fulfillment and love fills their hearts .
tr	NNS	It sends several confirmation requests before the transfer is finally approved .
tr	NNS	Not with anger , more like he couldn 't believe his right hand man would make arrangements for him like that .
tr	NNS	Their scanners picked up our movements .
tr	NNS	She accepted the data just given to her , disseminated it and asked the next obvious question .
tr	NN	Black Belt lost her patience and yanked Derick backwards .
tr	NNS	I know my sisters and I did .
tr	NNS	" Can 't you just tell him that you are going to go meet some old college pals to do some shopping ? "
tr	NNS	Chapter 18 As the weather got warmer , more people were booking rides on the weekend and Mum and Ness 's business was taking off .
tr	NN	He needs a healer !
tr	NNS	I handed him the reins after I plopped off .
tr	NN	" How will you touch the wizard star if Ah Chuy Kak 's inside the barrier while you 're on the outside ? "
tr	NN	His words would have no effect on his tormentors , but it felt better than simply sitting there , doing nothing and taking it like a coward .
tr	NN	Erica asked the redhead , whose hair color had a little help from a bottle .
tr	NN	I let out a derisive snort .
tr	NNS	Below it , serrated rocks littered the cliffs on either side .
tr	NN	Instead the cramps had grown steadily worse , so piercing and constant that she 'd convinced herself she was suffering a miscarriage .
tr	NN	I don 't blow out my candle .
tr	NNS	As the hatch closed behind him , Renna heard footfalls as someone sprinted toward her .
tr	NN	" Then I have a legacy for you . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't just want these drugs off the streets .
tr	NN	" Fergus , for all that 's holy , stop pacing ! "
tr	NNS	" Perhaps a certain minister was fixing prices ? "
tr	NNS	Andrew brought some napkins and plates in from the kitchen , and they set up their dinner on the coffee table .
tr	NN	Potter slid a long brass rod from his trousers .
tr	NN	The admission cost him a chunk of pride , yet he didn 't care .
tr	NNS	" Woman , " he exhaled , resting his cheek against mine , " you are busting my balls .
tr	NNS	You wouldn 't believe our discoveries . '
tr	NNS	Olivia still had fears of getting too close to people .
tr	NN	Lydia , gun in hand , unloaded a full clip at the fleeing pickup truck .
tr	NN	Eating the last bite of strawberry , he threw the cap away and grimaced .
tr	NNS	When I came here as a little girl , I always saw bare shelves . "
tr	NN	Someone might overhear and get the wrong impression . "
tr	NNS	Instead , The Boy raised his open palms in surrender .
tr	NNS	He wanted no second party reports on what was going on .
tr	NNS	Then he shifted positions and suddenly pulled her against him tight .
tr	NNS	" This year , we have about a hundred students who 've shown interest in joining the swim team . "
tr	NNS	Six months after the lost heroin shipment , Mario and Romano resumed operations .
tr	NNS	" We have our suspicions . "
tr	NNS	He scanned his surroundings and saw a lady in a colorful sari , adorned with simple jewelry , walking toward him .
tr	NNS	" I want babies of my own . "
tr	NN	She echoed his moan .
tr	NNS	That doesn 't include the complaints I 'm getting from the disabled . "
tr	NNS	" My mother had seven cats , and she named them all , to my father 's disgust .
tr	NNS	The small , telltale gesture turned his insides to mush .
tr	NNS	She had errands to run and if she were quick she might leave the Grotto before Jimmy rose .
tr	NN	McKie began the descent .
tr	NN	Nobody had expected live theatre as well as free booze .
tr	NNS	Most all of them have wooden roofs . "
tr	NNS	" Call our scout ships back and burn to their position . "
tr	NNS	I 'm not strong enough , he finished mentally .
tr	NNS	Too much magic under one roof caused currents of energy to surge sometimes .
tr	NN	I have one small closet and a dresser .
tr	NNS	When the steaks were cooked , we took our plates onto the front porch , where a flimsy table stood on one side .
tr	NN	" You make a handsome pirate . "
tr	NN	Jalan Wolk has worked out a plea , since this was her first offense .
tr	NNS	Using his inbred fairy skills to draw people to admire him was an ego thing with Claude , which had little to do with economics .
tr	NNS	The kidnappers have just demanded five million dollars or they will start killing the kids one by one .
tr	NNS	Devlin McCloud 's couch had several selling points .
tr	NN	" Ah crap . "
tr	NN	She simply selected the option to block Wayne 's number .
tr	NN	He grinned and did a model spin for me , finishing with a flamboyant hand on his hip .
tr	NN	Nobody has a claim on any stamp until they earn the tickets and trade for one .
tr	NN	The old fisherman took another mouthful of the cold beer , and wiped his forehead with a tattered handkerchief .
tr	NN	For some reason , she felt an urge to explain .
tr	NNS	Sometimes people discuss investments with business associates .
tr	NN	I snatched the pillow next to me and threw it over my head , trying to drown out the loud sound .
tr	NNS	She loved babies and would love her own , all the more because she couldn 't imagine having anyone else to love .
tr	NN	All of us have missed your wise counsel . "
tr	NN	Candy wrappers , soft drink bottles , and magazine covers produced a seizure inducing symphony of glossy colours .
tr	NNS	She can already create illusions that trick the eyes and ears .
tr	NN	" Oo , you brought a toy ! "
tr	NN	Jennifer heard the outrage in her mother 's voice and cringed at her shrill tone .
tr	NNS	Finding the classes harder than public school ? "
tr	NNS	The relief I felt overwhelmed my senses , and I couldn 't control the tears leaking from my eyes .
tr	NN	I 've been taking karate since I was five .
tr	NNS	" You 've honestly never considered their families ? "
tr	NN	Francesca brushes a strand of dark hair out of her eyes .
tr	NNS	" Make all the arrangements .
tr	NN	I 've wrapped your ribcage , just in case .
tr	NN	She felt the familiar pang of being nothing but a friend to guys .
tr	NN	They went up the broad staircase with thick mahogany banisters leading to the upper wings . "
tr	NNS	And that brought with it particular dangers .
tr	NN	He read his speech and then picked up the phone .
tr	NNS	But he slapped shields around his leg and kept fighting . "
tr	NN	If I needed to wear jeans or a dress , all I had to do was open the closet , and there they would be .
tr	NNS	The attack had revealed the dangers of placing such a controversial guest in the midst of a huge population .
tr	NN	He had accepted his rejection , become my friend , and even risked his life to protect me .
tr	NNS	She 'd also coordinated his battle movements and because of that alone , he 'd been able to slay four , four , death vampires .
tr	NN	He laid a file down on the table and then he began to speak .
tr	NNS	Colleen flexed her Druid powers without blinking an eye .
tr	NN	It must have left a lingering effect that Warren can sense .
tr	NN	Watching her , I felt a sudden dryness in my throat .
tr	NN	It 's about restoring justice and order , and it 's about doing what 's right .
tr	NNS	He turned and walked backwards , and smiled at the beauty of the city .
tr	NNS	She wanted babies - unborn babies .
tr	NNS	My words made clouds in the air .
tr	NNS	" And about forty dollars . "
tr	NN	" Call the doc and the sheriff .
tr	NN	He couldn 't fathom the possibility .
tr	NN	It all created the effect of a TV series high-school cheerleader , squashed and malformed by the wrong viewing settings .
tr	NNS	" Does he do drugs ? "
tr	NNS	I could not attend my classes .
tr	NNS	" Very old heroes ? "
tr	NN	He 'd had the strong impression then that she had wanted to bolt inside and lock him out .
tr	NNS	Whose masterpieces reach mind-boggling figures .
tr	NNS	I had my knives out before the first Freak reached me .
tr	NN	When it all ended , Saul dropped the smoldering cigarette butt and stamped the cherry out under his heel .
tr	NN	Winston left the gritty REX neighborhood behind and entered the classier side of town with its high-rise apartments , boutiques , and upscale eateries .
tr	NNS	When they got bored with that they tossed the crops on the ground and explored the rest of the stable .
tr	NNS	" Move all ranks to the gate ; it is yours for the sacking ! "
tr	NNS	He noticed fresh marks on her shoulder .
tr	NN	Phoebe grasped the banister on the way down the winding inside stairway that led to the garage .
tr	NN	I picked up the napkin to wipe my mouth .
tr	NNS	When I retired , I swore off meetings .
tr	NNS	My father has more sons than he has land for ! "
tr	NN	She heard César 's low growl like a startled and angry animal .
tr	NNS	Concluding it an odd coincidence , she shoved any lingering doubts aside .
tr	NNS	And I feel dizzy suddenly .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't have the balls for it . "
tr	NN	He lowered his fork .
tr	NNS	Thick thighs and forearms .
tr	NN	" If he survives at all , he 'll make his fortune and find his own bride in that new land . "
tr	NNS	She felt other cats joining , their voices forming into a telepathic babble .
tr	NN	" You ever heard of the World War Two bomber that was found in 1959 in the middle of the Libyan desert ?
tr	NN	she questioned , pity in her eyes .
tr	NN	She blinked , the word love spilling off her lips and the realization slamming into her .
tr	NNS	I suddenly remembered the drugs in the boxes and attempted to keep the smile on my face .
tr	NN	I wasn 't wearing a condom .
tr	NNS	Of course , they never stopped the nightmares .
tr	NNS	But you will remember a lot yourselves .
tr	NNS	He 'd been fielding requests all day after people tasted Vivian 's calzone and asked what the secret ingredient was .
tr	NNS	" You need directions ? "
tr	NN	" Please summon whoever opens the Gate . "
tr	NN	I asked uncertainly , not wanting to hog the biggest room just because we were a couple .
tr	NN	He 'd sworn the oath that he meant me no harm , and I 'd believed him .
tr	NNS	Science also explains the same mechanisms but uses different terms and frameworks .
tr	NNS	He grabbed their plates and headed over to the sink .
tr	NNS	Michael drank the remains of his wine in two gulps .
tr	NN	She had a facial tic , and her lovely face was convulsed , dark red , with fury .
tr	NNS	To either side of him as he fell flashed visions of his two friends , but he could reach out to neither .
tr	NN	" Can we see the jewelry too ? "
tr	NN	I acknowledge and respect the claim , and I 'm hugging you , because I like Shifter ways . "
tr	NN	She had an ample frame under that thick uniform , and Deckard admired it out of the corner of his eye as he dug .
tr	NN	They went down a treat .
tr	NNS	" Maybe has two directions . "
tr	NN	But he 'd used his own discretion , and discretion was the most valuable tool in his arsenal .
tr	NN	He swallowed a harsh groan as he recalled the afternoon in vivid detail .
tr	NNS	Witnesses had reactions from disgust to getting sick right there on the spot .
tr	NN	At Liz 's insistence , however , they did buy some bedroom furniture and , in June 1983 , they bought a new sofa .
tr	NNS	I walked thirty-nine blocks from the YMCA to the theater and handed the note I had been given to the theater manager .
tr	NN	It sure didn 't help her resolve at all .
tr	NN	You 're wearing my veil ... " Chloe said not a word but held out her hand as her mother reached over and held hers back .
tr	NN	Reaching the castle required a vertical climb where one wrong step could have disastrous results .
tr	NNS	She could practically see the wheels turning .
tr	NN	" I have a proposition for you to earn some extra cash .
tr	NNS	They travelled the two blocks to the station without incident .
tr	NN	A sudden shiver ran down her spine and she knew , knew without doubt , that they were coming here to look for her .
tr	NN	Maybe I can find a cute cowgirl outfit to bring back to you .
tr	NN	I 'd found more than one used condom when I 'd shelved books .
tr	NNS	I hired tutors and we traveled .
tr	NNS	He took three long deep breaths and wiped his hands on a red shop towel -- calming himself .
tr	NN	Again I feel the urge to blush .
tr	NN	He must have at least a dozen escape routes in that fortress he calls home . "
tr	NN	Wes watched her hand stroke Lash 's hair away from his forehead .
tr	NNS	She could see the cogs in his head turning , like he was adding , multiplying and dividing .
tr	NNS	Our search parties scoured all the public areas we could , checking some of them twice , without finding anything .
tr	NNS	Dueling bars on opposite sides of the street had students milling outside the doors in long , anxious lines , waiting to reach the mirthful warmth inside .
tr	NNS	" How fast can you run two hundred yards ? "
tr	NN	Emily put down her basketball and joined her mother on the sofa .
tr	NN	The loud report of her ass kissing the hardwood floor didn 't even produce a blink from her aunt .
tr	NNS	" They have all started their classes for the day as it is after eight thirty .
tr	NN	He had respect for Marta , that was plainly visible .
tr	NN	I 'm only exploring every possibility , so truly , you can calm down . "
tr	NNS	So it has continued down all the generations to the present .
tr	NNS	Gray put the bits together in his head .
tr	NNS	" Get out of the way , you blasted peasants ! "
tr	NNS	I heard a few shots but I didn 't know if they were kill shots or warning shots .
tr	NNS	Bri gathered all the wrappers and threw them in the trash can .
tr	NN	asked her uncle as he crammed more turkey in his mouth .
tr	NN	After he turned the corner , I felt an ache of loneliness .
tr	NNS	They will send armies against us , not one man at a time for you to duel .
tr	NN	Ken collected his duffel .
tr	NNS	" See those code numbers on the wall ?
tr	NNS	You already know all my other motivations for doing this , so there 's no trick there .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods I was able to stop them before more damage was done .
tr	NN	" Turn that damned tape off , Norman ! "
tr	NN	The reality of it made her shudder .
tr	NNS	He even scheduled my classes .
tr	NN	Weather looks smashing . "
tr	NNS	I shrug and search my pockets for my swipe key .
tr	NNS	She had no expectations and apparently no friends .
tr	NNS	I set the two envelopes down in front of me , the DS Oil and Gas logo merging with the seal on the acceptance envelope .
tr	NN	To distract himself , he silently rehearsed the phrase in the Old Tongue that he 'd painstakingly pieced together over the past few weeks .
tr	NNS	" I can 't take any chances .
tr	NNS	" Print up those numbers and Miranda and I can help you call them . "
tr	NNS	Roland pulls the reins and yells for the horses to stop .
tr	NNS	Joanna and Gary tossed down their pencils and Cass laughed morbidly , shaking his head .
tr	NN	He flung a fish after it .
tr	NNS	I grab her thighs and pull her back to me , and she feels even tighter this way , if that 's possible .
tr	NNS	I can make general enquiries about the process of authentication of rare pieces .
tr	NNS	With each swipe of her hand , she expertly snatched the tiny white targets out of midair , then released them back to the world safely .
tr	NN	Bert drew out a handful of coins , tried to count them and gave up .
tr	NN	One wrong word could destroy her sanity for good . '
tr	NNS	Instead , the vehicle glided forward a few inches and then stopped , stuck in what must be six inches of snow .
tr	NNS	" Black bikini briefs with a light blue stripe . "
tr	NNS	Colette had handled all the arrangements for the party , which was held at a posh downtown hotel and took place on the third Friday of December .
tr	NN	" You have a visitor . "
tr	NN	He wore no helm nor mail .
tr	NN	Some of them spoke the Navajo language to her , and she answered in kind .
tr	NNS	Rourke had no such issues , clearly .
tr	NN	Silence greeted this announcement and then he heard a phone inexplicably clatter down in its cradle .
tr	NN	He was wearing a low slung towel wrapped around his waist , water dripping down his rock solid chest and six-pack abs .
tr	NN	I don 't care about the universe and the realm and saving the world , not anymore .
tr	NN	The Everlasting Storm impedes technology but enhances magic .
tr	NN	A friend of mine also has a Mustang , and with Martie 's Mustang we can now all purchase the same ammo in bulk . "
tr	NNS	Behind his cracked lips , the preacher saw blue-black gums and a slithering tongue that coiled like a snake in its den .
tr	NNS	" Go forth , noble heroes ! "
tr	NNS	I refocused the cameras .
tr	NN	Do not do this bitter deed , which shall lead to nothing but despair and regret . "
tr	NN	We 'll need a warrant if we want to use that evidence in court . "
tr	NN	A lot of what travelled on the Grand Trunk was called the Overhead .
tr	NN	She picked up the receiver and listened for the dial tone , then dropped it on the floor and climbed into bed .
tr	NNS	" And what gives us powers ? "
tr	NN	Our necks burn hotter and hotter as the flames advance .
tr	NN	She felt the trickle of his salty tears on her neck and stood in his embrace for what felt like an eternity .
tr	NN	" We really crave his respect . "
tr	NNS	Before they 'd left the apartment she 'd heard reports about gunboats that had attempted to attack the U.S. Naval forces that very afternoon .
tr	NN	" How did you cast a hex on me ? "
tr	NN	It just turned a shade paler .
tr	NNS	Her head felt dizzy with the waiting .
tr	NN	He pressed down the brake , and that did the trick .
tr	NN	Man and Magical alike , we share a common trait .
tr	NN	It shades the meaning of what that source might say . "
tr	NN	I had that file doctored up for weeks and was just waiting for a chance to use it .
tr	NNS	Reactionary practicality didn 't fix her priorities .
tr	NN	They 'll lose respect for you .
tr	NNS	Aria tasted the remains of the soup from her pot .
tr	NN	When James left the bathroom , the clerk was reading a magazine and did not look up until the bell chimed again .
tr	NN	I had an ally with an intelligent plan .
tr	NN	I returned the salute , but enjoined him to stay seated .
tr	NNS	But Case had unlimited scrip writing powers of his own .
tr	NNS	I follow Elis down the stairs and into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	She gave them hugs then held them where they could see her face .
tr	NNS	" May have some broken ribs .
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	Besides , I 've got Aubrey 's lawyer on my back .
tr	NN	I did a quick mental evaluation .
tr	NN	I got a fright when you were gone this morning .
tr	NNS	" That tickles , " she complained in-between tiny bursts of laughter as he pressed his lips to the sole of her foot .
tr	NNS	Usually Harley paints real-life things , but this one is ... different .
tr	NN	The soldier in the claws gave a pained smirk .
tr	NN	Forte kissed the toy on its forehead and placed it back in the box .
tr	NN	He stuffed his light rod into his backpack and surveyed the large room in the moonlight pouring through the window .
tr	NNS	Only , don 't eat my roses .
tr	NNS	He filled the cups and gave her one .
tr	NNS	The soft scratch of day-old stubble abraded my palms .
tr	NN	I have the privilege of claiming the best female Shifter in the world and bringing her out here where no one can find us . "
tr	NN	I will not doubt their goodness .
tr	NNS	When we parked here to go in , I saw the Jeep three blocks back that way .
tr	NNS	He had a good six inches and fifty pounds on me .
tr	NN	A glisten of perspiration trickled down her armpit and glossed her rib cage .
tr	NNS	I turned the pages , the hours passed and my eyes stayed open .
tr	NN	So I knew right away the definition of the space between us .
tr	NN	He had ditched the rifle ; I guessed because he needed both hands for the jump .
tr	NN	I slung my backpack over my shoulder and looked at the desolate field .
tr	NNS	This 12 month window of opportunity will allow elected members to prove their efficiency for the job in hand and popularity with the people . '
tr	NN	OUTSIDE FOG enveloped the Cove , the real kind that came with the scent of the ocean .
tr	NN	" But if I leave , then you 'll miss the treat I 've brought for you . "
tr	NNS	However , they had just crossed billions of miles , and the space gate they were emerging from was that of a different star cluster .
tr	NNS	You have made efforts -- you will go on making them . "
tr	NN	His fingers were twisting my other nipple as I felt wetness rush between my legs .
tr	NN	She gave a soft growl as he licked and suckled her , her head tilted back at the insistent bliss pulsing through her .
tr	NNS	And you 'd lose all your pension rights . '
tr	NNS	We 're doing some light renovations . "
tr	NN	" Thorne wants a demonstration .
tr	NNS	They cast spells on people and make them do all sorts of things .
tr	NN	Or because helping would give him leverage ?
tr	NNS	Brant flicked the reins and started down the hill .
tr	NNS	Walter examined his fingernails , seemingly oblivious to the tension between them .
tr	NNS	Burn any houses down lately ? "
tr	NNS	' Go on , ' I replied encouragingly .
tr	NNS	" Picking up data .
tr	NN	Stacy was playing wide receiver to Zeke 's quarterback .
tr	NN	Killed a bank teller while robbing the place , left two young boys without a father and a young wife with no husband .
tr	NNS	Harry had denied his fears , and so fearful images had manifested themselves .
tr	NNS	Wrapping her in his arms , he nuzzled her breasts .
tr	NN	I took a few deep , even breaths .
tr	NNS	It looks clean , about 300 yards in front of your crater .
tr	NN	She picked up her fork and played with the food on her plate , not really interested in food anymore .
tr	NNS	He still had his doubts about that .
tr	NN	When he was within a few paces , he barked a command to the horses and they skidded to a stop .
tr	NN	I took out a gown and turned around .
tr	NN	He also held a pistol by his side .
tr	NNS	She 'd known her chances of catching Thomas Dancy at the school this late in the afternoon weren 't good .
tr	NN	" Claude ... " " The police chief , " I said .
tr	NN	Nick 's feet pounded the pavement with the wild tempo of an Olympic sprinter .
tr	NNS	It would break both their hearts but he knew it was for the best ; it was only a year after all .
tr	NNS	" I will take my thunder thighs and I will march right out of here .
tr	NNS	" In a perfect situation , we 'd have condoms and birth control pills .
tr	NNS	The Rileys would finance her research efforts , and she would wait until all of her schooling was completed .
tr	NNS	" Give free hot dogs to the first ten who come today .
tr	NNS	I have admired these ships for all my life , seeing one is emotional in such an odd kind of way .
tr	NN	' Find the chief engineer .
tr	NNS	He killed the twins with injections of phenol into their hearts .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't take any more chances and what he was to do could hurt the girl .
tr	NNS	The two of them had clients and rivals that weren 't always happy but nothing as dramatic as homicide . "
tr	NN	" You cannot imagine the universe that surrounds you .
tr	NNS	" You never take clients out for drinks . "
tr	NN	Beside her , Spike pressed his boot gingerly into the crisp surface and then watched it disappear .
tr	NNS	Blowing up buildings ? "
tr	NNS	They didn 't need directions because they walked these halls almost daily .
tr	NNS	Have only small foods for you . '
tr	NN	Other times , he softly hums a tune and I completely melt .
tr	NNS	We could make sex jokes to each other .
tr	NN	" I 've got the crown . "
tr	NN	She lifted my cap and ruffled my hair .
tr	NNS	He noticed several dead snakes on the island beside the boat , heads crushed or severed .
tr	NN	" I should give credit where credit is due .
tr	NNS	Sweat drips down my temples as Sean slowly pushes into me and my head slams back into the wall .
tr	NN	Last estimate put her roster at six to eight , including herself . "
tr	NN	" I had a very strong hunch .
tr	NNS	He placed the crossbows on the coffee table in front of the couch .
tr	NN	But with the jobs and the pressure of raising a large family , he lost his talent for song writing .
tr	NNS	Those vessels captured 196 enemy ships .
tr	NN	He felt Min stiffen , and he felt her displeasure .
tr	NNS	' They want the envelopes back ? '
tr	NN	I had an inkling that the memory of those kisses would be the only thing I could hold on to in the coming months .
tr	NN	Werewolves not only have human eyes , they possess human intelligence .
tr	NN	I give you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul , and my body .
tr	NNS	John took the pages from Joe without looking directly at them .
tr	NNS	I do not see any dragons aloft . "
tr	NN	Hanna fought the urge to stomp her pointy heel .
tr	NNS	Jars of canned , pickled , and dried food lined the shelves in the small pantry , adjacent to the main room .
tr	NNS	I locked the night-vision goggles up on my forehead , and I started forward .
tr	NNS	" Does Isaiah use drugs ? "
tr	NN	" I rethought the sofa last week .
tr	NNS	No , she wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	I cut some roses out of the garden for the table .
tr	NNS	" But where can we get ships so quickly ? "
tr	NN	" Well , you gave me quite a fright ! "
tr	NNS	As they ate the lieutenants gave the commander reports .
tr	NN	" Why would I give a holy crap about that ? "
tr	NN	He hadn 't really felt hunger since he had arrived , and he certainly had not needed to pass a stool .
tr	NNS	You saw the data I sent .
tr	NNS	I gave him a few gold coins that were still in my sack as I bowed my head in respect .
tr	NN	Then Horace said , " Al , you take the sofa , but don 't sit in the middle .
tr	NNS	If things get too bad you can always take emergency measures . "
tr	NN	Did I not even deserve a bloody email ?
tr	NNS	Searching for words to say , I battled this heaviness of bitterness and resentment now pressing upon me .
tr	NNS	I must have instinctively mimicked his actions with the memory of those phantom flames .
tr	NNS	Or so say the oldest texts of the Nephilim .
tr	NNS	What have you been feeding our sons ? "
tr	NNS	They designed these ships like this on purpose .
tr	NN	Ice clamped my spine .
tr	NNS	They crossed railroad tracks , passed huge warehouses and yards full of trucks .
tr	NN	Emma caught her meaning , and went on to confirm the reservation date .
tr	NNS	The author reserves all applicable rights and will not stand for any attempts at monetary gain via this work .
tr	NN	And he had the mysterious Jessica to thank for that , of course .
tr	NN	Field workers clothing should be made of course , cheap , material like hemp .
tr	NNS	Apparently the corrections departments across the U.S. have developed some pretty good skills in that area . "
tr	NNS	Through the dense foliage overhead winked brilliant points of light glowing from an orange sun -- soon the brightness of the afternoon would fade .
tr	NNS	" From two witches ! "
tr	NN	He conducted one final , hasty survey of the living room for anything that Tegan might unwittingly injure herself upon .
tr	NNS	They lifted their blades in a mutual salute and put them away .
tr	NNS	Though most of the children instantly look ashamed , a couple grow wide grins , considering the accusation a complement .
tr	NN	Didn 't mean he couldn 't consider her proposal .
tr	NN	She gave me another icy glare and walked away .
tr	NN	As many of you know , he recently achieved Ancestral status , something I had hoped to celebrate this evening with all of you .
tr	NN	" Then shut the fuck up and listen , asshole .
tr	NNS	He lined his biscuits in a row on the edge of the crow 's nest and waited to see what the birds would do .
tr	NNS	He was helping all three clubs without even picking one .
tr	NN	We have a duty to see that there are no disruptions to the time continuum .
tr	NNS	Gorillas did not kill other gorillas as Amy 's mother had been killed .
tr	NNS	Malachi clapped his palms against his thighs .
tr	NNS	Those who recognized her scooted their chairs away from the door .
tr	NN	Imagine the terror and panic !
tr	NN	Akira put the medal back inside her sleeve .
tr	NN	His fingers slipped off the smooth chrome and he fell in a heap on the ground , banging against the side of the car .
tr	NNS	I have some forms to fill out . "
tr	NN	He was passing the rope through his fingers thoughtfully .
tr	NNS	Roy clapped two giant palms together and laughed with joy .
tr	NNS	She imagined the parasites swarming through his bloodstream to his every organ , launching a massive attack , fighting the healer and Nicolas for possession of him .
tr	NNS	She stopped just inches from the body .
tr	NNS	They reawakened all the ancient fears of making real humans obsolete that had caused us so much trouble two hundred years ago .
tr	NN	Harper had given Kaye and me the code to open the gate at this private beach in case we ever needed it .
tr	NNS	" Did they manipulate the leaders to help or hurt the tribes ? "
tr	NNS	Then , composing himself , Jake smiled at Frank and Maggie and said , " I hate cats . "
tr	NN	Minho could see the familiar scrawl of WICKED painted on its body .
tr	NN	With the node access system secured and functional at full capacity again , the admin resumed the task at hand .
tr	NNS	The car swerved dangerously .
tr	NNS	We used goggles to see at night , arid video to see during the day .
tr	NN	In the dim shaky light , they each had a rifle pointed down the tunnel .
tr	NN	I sought the advice of the Monsignor .
tr	NN	' Can I have a tape for my room ? '
tr	NN	We can pack a week 's supply of gear and a few automatic weapons for protection . "
tr	NNS	He gaped for a moment before recovering , he 'd been thinking more restaurants , not dangerous , leaping monsters !
tr	NNS	" I took samples every half mile along the river all the way up past the town .
tr	NN	In a way , I envied his alcoholic purple haze .
tr	NNS	The explosion spilled the cards from the cabinets , whipping round the room in a maelstrom .
tr	NNS	You have all the reflections , all the good intentions , but in the end the results from your efforts are simply the experiences I call mistakes .
tr	NNS	Like I was saying , we don 't heat the rear trailers , so it 'd be too cold to live in them during weather like this .
tr	NNS	I 'd need my wits about me tonight .
tr	NN	The combined scents made her stomach curl with pleasure .
tr	NNS	You have chores to finish . "
tr	NN	She opened the middle drawer picking two bottles she had placed there , behind the hanging files .
tr	NN	The vampire 's victim hit the net , bounced and caught desperately at the thin strands , hanging on grimly .
tr	NN	She threw off her daughter persona and replaced it with the dignity of her new office .
tr	NN	His fingertips found the smooth material of her bikini panties then skin .
tr	NNS	She was facing backwards , and Anton could clearly see his sister Constanta .
tr	NNS	" Anywhere , " he says breathless .
tr	NNS	Rick smiled slyly and said , " Because , I 'm just that good . "
tr	NNS	These phones have special attributes .
tr	NNS	He 'd told her haunting tales of the dangers that the city possessed .
tr	NN	Gavin overrode her objection and moved forward , forcing Sabrina to scramble out of his path .
tr	NN	The thought of never spending another minute with him made my heart twist in pain .
tr	NN	Not only was she irresistible in her own right , she had the insider info she needed to pull Rashid 's strings .
tr	NN	A chill ran down his spine and he hesitated .
tr	NN	I plunk down my backpack resigned to my new surroundings .
tr	NNS	" About the girl − " " You should take up cards , doctor .
tr	NN	Finally , he pulled out a square package .
tr	NN	He 's killed the sage of shadow .
tr	NNS	He lived several blocks from my place and he was stabbed , the poor man .
tr	NNS	' We have to hold out , ' Bastille said fervently .
tr	NN	And with that , my cause takes a giant leap forward .
tr	NNS	He frowned over the vegetables he was chopping .
tr	NN	' Just your depraved behaviour ! '
tr	NNS	And he being freed gathered again all his servants that he could find , and came to the ruins of Angband .
tr	NNS	" Make arrangements for my wife . "
tr	NN	9 Grace put the last clip in Tiffany 's updo .
tr	NNS	They tied the reins of their horses to the tailgate .
tr	NNS	I saw the shots popping into the dirt .
tr	NNS	In the distance Melanie heard other whistles .
tr	NN	He picked up the tin and staggered off towards some trees .
tr	NNS	" We 've had terrible losses .
tr	NN	" I have faith in you and Shimmer , Echo .
tr	NNS	The faery bared her yellow fangs in a menacing smile .
tr	NN	" Who wants pizza ? "
tr	NN	He had gotten the impression that Henry was my boyfriend .
tr	NN	She had chosen her secular , humanist outlook , however kind and good she had been .
tr	NNS	Claire and Jared returned carrying chairs in their arms .
tr	NNS	She spent the most time with J.D. Hell , he left her three million dollars . "
tr	NNS	Ed pictured his subordinate commanders as they led their troops .
tr	NNS	I down the rest of my beer as the waitress sets our shots down on the table .
tr	NNS	" It 's where you hold all your accounts , the recent transactions and receiving account numbers . "
tr	NNS	" Attention derelict vessels .
tr	NNS	Mandy had two steaming cups of coffee in one hand and four huge files clutched to her chest .
tr	NN	After sliding out of her and kissing her before nibbling down her body , I pause over her pussy , where I let out a long breath .
tr	NNS	He made a few more attempts to draw her into any kind of conversation , which she childishly ignored , pretending instead to be asleep .
tr	NNS	" I know our appearance changes according to each human , but for some time now I have wondered how I actually look to you ? "
tr	NN	I have great faith in your theories , but I 'm starting to have some doubts .
tr	NNS	Using a flashlight , she scanned the shelves and found two large cans of peaches .
tr	NNS	A few seconds later he gave Andy the thumbs up .
tr	NN	The pit in me is just getting blacker and darker .
tr	NNS	The police share computer facilities with the university .
tr	NNS	They needed two roaches .
tr	NN	Love lowered the file he held in his hands and stared straight ahead .
tr	NN	The beefed-up lynx began pacing , staying out of range , moving with sure grace , hunting for an opening .
tr	NNS	They don 't cut buildings in half . "
tr	NN	Each had matching , etched ivory handles and gilded gold firing pins , with guards covered in intricate floral patterns .
tr	NN	I set the picture frame down gently .
tr	NN	' Well , you certainly know how to capture someone 's attention , ' Frances said , her voice suggestive of sleep .
tr	NN	Though he never complained , she could recognize his soreness in the way he occasionally winced while shifting position or altering his walk .
tr	NN	In the distance , he noticed a yellow flag .
tr	NN	Hollis did a U-turn to head back to town .
tr	NN	" Matt hasn 't given them a location .
tr	NNS	I had always imagined libraries to be small and dingy .
tr	NN	" Shit , Cap , " Rabbit mumbled glumly .
tr	NNS	He gained fifteen yards and , to prove his determination , lowered his helmet instead of stepping out of bounds .
tr	NN	It crept around his consciousness for a while before realisation dawned .
tr	NNS	Not far from here , a French lumber company has built logging roads on a grid system .
tr	NN	Devin gave her one last glare , turned , and walked out the door .
tr	NNS	" No , " Razia 's eyes flashed dangerously .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down Ari 's spine at the image he was placing in her mind .
tr	NN	" Jude , he had coke and meth in him .
tr	NN	My pulse pounds harder as the kiss builds hotter and hotter .
tr	NNS	But we 'll use my cards . "
tr	NN	He raised a pistol , but she dashed forward under the balcony , out of the line of fire .
tr	NN	I think the snake that swallowed him is the kind that bites its victims first to paralyze them so they don 't feel a thing . "
tr	NNS	" Other issues besides witches ? "
tr	NN	We have also been given the responsibility of maintaining the ancient texts , some written long before our culture became what it is today .
tr	NNS	I instantly felt dizzy , and the room seemed to spin .
tr	NNS	Irene obviously wasn 't buying such expensive items with the money she made working at the dress shop .
tr	NNS	Ella stirred more Sugar in the Raw into her coffee .
tr	NN	Then she poured the sedative into the coffee she 'd bought at Midtown .
tr	NN	He never won a national championship , but neither did the twelve Amish guys who jumped at him .
tr	NNS	They 'd already discussed wedding dates and both wanted the engagement to be a short one .
tr	NN	She liked the uniform and the power he wielded , and he liked melting all that cold ice .
tr	NN	She 'd be humming a tune and he 'd sweep her off her feet with a kiss . "
tr	NNS	" I get the dregs . "
tr	NN	Breath held , I felt the ground slam into my shoulder and thigh .
tr	NN	We share the same language and yet , we do not . "
tr	NN	She picked up the telephone receiver .
tr	NN	The Triumvirate howled their fury , seemingly unaffected by the assault against them .
tr	NN	Out of the corner of her eye , she saw Brim climb over the rocks .
tr	NN	" Nice neighborhood . "
tr	NNS	I took a few steadying breaths .
tr	NNS	They had burn marks all over them .
tr	NN	Ferrero aligned the hem on the third .
tr	NNS	They downed the beers in a matter of minutes without much dialogue .
tr	NNS	I 've been given two blood exchanges .
tr	NNS	I didn 't see any similarities between us , besides our hair and eye color and webbed toes .
tr	NN	Ava stopped the swing and twisted around to look straight at him .
tr	NNS	Except this octopus had multiple layers of arms .
tr	NN	Bartholomew has a sum of 250 points .
tr	NN	His left hand waved the crumpled memo , while his right shook violently , still clutching the briefcase .
tr	NN	Thank God the box had deflected the dagger .
tr	NN	It had long ago shed its paint to turn a dirty wood gray in color .
tr	NN	" Peanut butter and banana ? "
tr	NN	She gave me a silver baby rattle , too .
tr	NN	" Me in Mykonos " said my colleague with enthusiasm .
tr	NNS	So had her sisters .
tr	NN	She was leaning over the table , her left hand extended toward me , her right gripping the butt of the semiautomatic .
tr	NN	Her mother held her teacup in both hands .
tr	NN	Bob made a slashing gesture across his own throat with the barrel of his gun .
tr	NNS	When we dumped our bags back at the house I didn 't unzip the side pockets . "
tr	NNS	( But then , one was always reading human motivations and responses into robots .
tr	NN	She 'd discovered a witch who knew a way to break their bond .
tr	NN	Silk had a much worse glare and her punishments had been truly cruel .
tr	NNS	When in human form , we maintain a wolf 's senses .
tr	NN	" That 's right , " Riley said , seeming intent on egging them on .
tr	NNS	No-one else in the room , be that as it may , shared Frances 's sentiments or voiced their encouragement for George .
tr	NNS	" He was probably just taking his chances .
tr	NNS	Now instead of taking care of two separate people he was now babysitting love birds .
tr	NN	Katherine , the social worker , has put off the final evaluation a few weeks while she 's away on a family emergency .
tr	NNS	Any family would relish these fairy-tale accommodations .
tr	NNS	He spouts equations like you and I might spout soup recipes .
tr	NNS	And I 'm not getting any senses either . "
tr	NNS	Hayden checks the compass .
tr	NNS	She slapped her palms on the table .
tr	NNS	He made his excuses to his friends and said he and Martine were going for a drink .
tr	NN	You have the gleam and glow of somebody who 's just come into tons of money . "
tr	NN	" Commander , I 've never seen this code before .
tr	NNS	After another minute of inebriated laughter , they got their wits about them and stood back up , Terry leaning on the streetlight .
tr	NNS	She snapped the reins , and once again they began to close the gap between themselves and Ahmet .
tr	NN	John opened a kitchen drawer and withdrew a box of bullets .
tr	NNS	" I don 't think any explosives tests will be necessary . "
tr	NNS	Jake took deep breaths , steadying himself .
tr	NN	Bring the diamond , and I 'll see what I can do . "
tr	NNS	" You collected broken , smelly carnival bears ? "
tr	NNS	He caught bricks and window ledges with his paws , and when he got high enough , a fire escape .
tr	NN	Tula felt the rock-hard proof of just how much Simon wanted her and that need echoed inside her .
tr	NN	I ruffled her hair playfully .
tr	NNS	Cookie Monster has taught generations of children to speak badly and eat like pigs .
tr	NN	I hike up the sandy hill , heading for a steeple of rocks , moving fast , but not as fast as I could .
tr	NN	' Graham , in my opinion , you have the most difficult task .
tr	NNS	23 As he had approached the Wailing Wall , Altair had seen crowds beginning to gather : men , women , children , dogs , even livestock .
tr	NNS	She has visions of some kind .
tr	NNS	" Now that we have both gambled and lost , why not put our cards on the table ? "
tr	NNS	Too weak to break free of his bonds or his prison , he spent centuries laying in darkness , listening to the humans .
tr	NNS	Ward snapped the reins , and the horses started to move .
tr	NN	The town was dead , no traffic or evidence of life .
tr	NNS	He considered the texts he read after his stroll last night , wondering about the truths that were revealed .
tr	NNS	Jonah and Sebastian both have suites of rooms in the main house since Jonah graduated and Sebastian 's separated from his wife .
tr	NN	He scratched his beard .
tr	NN	Many members of both the House and Senate , also abandoning Washington , pledge their loyalty to the new reality .
tr	NN	With a thought , Caesar turned his large , motorized chariot toward the deck lift .
tr	NNS	The flat planes of light made little cups , like flowers , drifting back and forth to a wind I couldn 't see .
tr	NN	This is about giving closure to a close-knit community . "
tr	NNS	Carefully she studied Jack 's ultralight currents .
tr	NNS	" They had opposite view points that today could be construed as the lines that separate our two major political powers . "
tr	NNS	Today , jealousy fueled his actions .
tr	NNS	I 've got mad skills . "
tr	NN	After all , she had accepted his proposal .
tr	NN	I pulled out the revolver and let the sunlight reflect off of its metallic surface .
tr	NNS	She sank her fingernails deep into his tattoo .
tr	NN	She gave the familiar snort she had since childhood .
tr	NN	" For example ? "
tr	NN	Sonia owned a quilt , not a comforter and her sheets were soft but not this soft .
tr	NNS	" M. Newton made his discoveries by studying the planets - the largest things we know .
tr	NNS	I like culture magazines , ones that tell me about other places , people , art . "
tr	NNS	They use their human allies to preserve their own places . "
tr	NNS	Very faintly , she could hear booming reports , like distant thunder .
tr	NN	Thomas picked the crown off his head .
tr	NNS	" Well , I want a million dollars on request . "
tr	NN	While kissing a surprised , but willing , Denny , I heard my sister yell , " Wooo ... there 's my girl ! "
tr	NN	Rose sets the magazine down on the small coffee table and picks up her handbag .
tr	NNS	She took three cups out of storage , brought them to him .
tr	NNS	" It would be worth quite a bit to me not to be delayed , " Silk suggested slyly .
tr	NN	" I made a ruling .
tr	NNS	Wondering once again why he kept such things to himself , she picked up some dirty plates and took them through to the kitchen .
tr	NNS	" I have a compass ! "
tr	NNS	" You can always use your powers , but it 'll call attention to you .
tr	NNS	The experiment Dr. Whitney conducted opened all our brains , leaving us without barriers or our natural filters .
tr	NN	Then she stiffened her spine and squared her shoulders .
tr	NNS	" Three million dollars ? "
tr	NN	I was rolling my cart down the supermarket aisle when I got a call from the hospital .
tr	NNS	" Mainly taking photographs and documenting my findings .
tr	NN	" Finn , drop the crap .
tr	NN	Ilona accepted his proposal , even though they 'd only been seeing each other for a little over three months .
tr	NNS	" We 'll keep close tabs on the sub and the Empress .
tr	NN	She had a six-pack of Tim Horton 's muffins ( three left ) and a grande skinny mocha waiting for me .
tr	NNS	" How about I find some pens and paper ?
tr	NNS	" I just didn 't anticipate the faeries . "
tr	NNS	He saw desert landscapes stretching out under a demon sun , and a city with towers that shimmered as if they were made of ice and glass .
tr	NN	Toby asked the nurse .
tr	NNS	Without you in my arms , I feel an emptiness in my soul .
tr	NN	Elizabeth took the forward staircase , trotting quickly up both floors and promptly reaching the upper deck .
tr	NN	' Good Ri § ine , our exercise must be having an effect .
tr	NNS	He stole Dan 's knives .
tr	NN	It was getting hotter , the sun turning up its intensity , making the air sweaty with moisture .
tr	NN	He bumped her knuckles with his wet nose and breathed in her scent .
tr	NN	I took pity on her , and acted before I thought about what I was doing .
tr	NN	I screamed , my muscle 's freezing .
tr	NN	Waters deposited a handful of silverware in the drying rack .
tr	NN	" You could make a fortune . "
tr	NNS	He sat his wineglass down so hard that the stem snapped .
tr	NN	" I had an uncle that got worse once . "
tr	NNS	They had done pranks like this before -- no sweat .
tr	NN	The bends and twists defied the imagination because where in modern times could such a work of art be created ?
tr	NNS	Not that I haven 't broken Laws before , but there 's a difference between breaking them for good reasons and breaking them for selfish ones . "
tr	NN	Mister chiffon also had the same faith served to him as he was sitting on her shoulder trying to hang on as best as he could .
tr	NN	You 're all getting a discount , so to speak , already .
tr	NN	When he turned to her he tossed a package of sanitary pads in her lap .
tr	NN	If she is HIV-negative , she has cervical cancer ... . "
tr	NNS	Could the tree have survived that many centuries ?
tr	NNS	" I have the financial numbers for you as well , but they are only preliminary . "
tr	NN	Just for a moment , I caught a glimpse of content .
tr	NN	I had not yet sent my long narrative to him , primarily because I wasn 't sure how to mail it without getting caught .
tr	NN	Rock stood up a little straighter , but was still significantly shorter than John .
tr	NNS	He placed his palms together in front of him and bowed from the waist .
tr	NNS	She shuffled the covers before turning out the light , then lay on her back , staring toward the ceiling .
tr	NN	He had such an effect on me , and I began to wonder if it was because of our bond .
tr	NN	He rose and gave Daemon 's shoulder a friendly squeeze .
tr	NN	She had a quick impression of color and jumble and light , the scents of vanilla and smoke .
tr	NNS	I enjoy the surroundings , and your mountains are quite beautiful . "
tr	NNS	Get your priorities straight . "
tr	NNS	Bern gave silent signals .
tr	NN	She could see a dark patch spreading across his shoulder .
tr	NNS	The mornings had been getting more chilly since we were approaching the end of the year so Pablo made me coffee every morning .
tr	NNS	You 're selling drugs . "
tr	NN	He liked his solitude , damn it .
tr	NNS	' We 're getting reports in from all over the place that the Army have withdrawn .
tr	NN	She could taste his seed .
tr	NNS	By this time some sleaze ball private investigator has spent several thousand dollars of family money locating her .
tr	NN	He must have valued your advice . "
tr	NNS	Cheyenne wiped sweaty palms on her jeans .
tr	NN	Hunter flipped the menu over to the back , focusing on the words and not on her .
tr	NN	Riley screamed out a tortured plea .
tr	NNS	I could imagine giants in here , since it was so large .
tr	NNS	He stood , his big , hard body mere inches from me but beyond my reach .
tr	NN	You can 't have a military scientist trying to clean up the world 's mess .
tr	NN	Team MPI had perfectly orchestrated the Plant 37 disaster .
tr	NN	The evil one has his army unto himself , but only in spirit as well .
tr	NNS	" A guy can only take so many mixed signals . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	My body wasn 't getting enough blood flow , likely because all the blood was flowing out of me instead of throughout my veins .
tr	NN	He could feel her body molding itself to his , responsive , inviting , enticing .
tr	NNS	" Did you know the troopers he chose ? "
tr	NN	Rex gave me the tight squeeze I had been looking for and he spun me , planting a noisy kiss on top of my head .
tr	NNS	Excited , she removed more fragments until the pillowcase was empty .
tr	NNS	" How did Julian get cursed ? "
tr	NN	" Thank god for a stroke of luck . "
tr	NN	Good thing Eddie owed Leo a big favor .
tr	NN	" Fuck , I forgot the condom .
tr	NNS	Emma knew that octopus .
tr	NN	Cassie had that same ache now , and Adam was completely lost to her .
tr	NNS	Caring little for these things , he had previously viewed his achievements with a sense of detached amusement .
tr	NNS	The nice man dimmed down the brightness , and then explained where his own room was , in case there were any bad dreams .
tr	NN	" You 're throwing privacy in my face ? "
tr	NNS	No one will question your motives . "
tr	NNS	As you go up , please note the medieval tapestries dating back to the medieval era .
tr	NNS	Such a shift would naturally take millions of years . "
tr	NN	- Have you called the police department yet ?
tr	NNS	He took a few breaths , and then nodded .
tr	NN	She had suffered a stroke .
tr	NN	Ramsey asked the pilot .
tr	NNS	I tensed my thighs , pulsing them while I thought .
tr	NNS	Told my folks about Smith .
tr	NN	We must have appropriate patience . "
tr	NNS	By then , a terrible throbbing pain wracked her temples and she could barely concentrate .
tr	NNS	Again , Jeremy felt dizzy .
tr	NN	" I 'll order pizza if you 'll stay to help us eat it . "
tr	NN	He made a gesture , like he was plucking a napkin off a table .
tr	NNS	" Work off the street addresses .
tr	NN	" What language are they singing in ? "
tr	NNS	I can feel the heaviness of the thought solidifying in my mind , getting stronger and stronger until it 's a certainty .
tr	NNS	" And both of these maps were drawn centuries before the continent was ever officially discovered . "
tr	NNS	I scooped my lipstick , tissues , cough drops and tampons off the floor before Nick could see all the crap I kept in my bag .
tr	NN	" We call that immune deficiency syndrome .
tr	NN	Angela and William also approached the sphere , William reaching out to touch it causing Angela to hurriedly grab his arm and pull his hand away .
tr	NN	Inside , she pulled her camisole out of her jeans to conceal the fact that she wasn 't wearing a seat belt .
tr	NNS	He shared his new cigarettes among his friends .
tr	NN	He easily read her reluctance to " spill her guts " as she had phrased it on her face .
tr	NN	His c * ck jerked toward her , throbbing in time with his heart .
tr	NN	The hot and cold water combined into a nice temperature , I grabbed the sponge and started with the cups from my bedroom .
tr	NNS	" I said no boy excuses . "
tr	NNS	Both men wore suits .
tr	NN	In short , she ogled his Lordship .
tr	NN	Maybe a part of her envied the spontaneous joy generated by Josie and Jack 's announcement .
tr	NNS	James and Callan gave us the thumbs up as we past them .
tr	NN	The depot contains the recording of the first interstellar voyage .
tr	NN	Glenda Monaghan would have a breakdown if she knew what her husband and son had been up to .
tr	NNS	' We had many village meetings , and agreed that , despite the colossal overhaul in our lives , ( yes another one ! )
tr	NNS	To help the poor weak females .
tr	NN	" Like world domination ? "
tr	NN	Sean slips the toy into place between my legs and pushes it deep into my slick folds .
tr	NNS	Triton took several calming breaths before he spoke again .
tr	NNS	" You doubt my abilities ? "
tr	NN	My hand feels feverish in his .
tr	NN	I don 't really want pizza or anything to eat .
tr	NNS	Offer her weekends off , too ; we can go out . "
tr	NN	I hear a crunch , but feel no pain .
tr	NN	At the end of the line , off rolls a new , custom-made molecular structure .
tr	NNS	Past the cameras in the living room , the cameras down the hall .
tr	NN	" Oooh , all milk chocolate with nuts and caramels .
tr	NN	Then the ape lifted the lid and regarded the keyboard .
tr	NNS	They ordered two more beers and a pair of sandwiches .
tr	NNS	I could hear the engines .
tr	NN	Sam dropped his fork and pushed his plate away .
tr	NNS	The shuttle did not have any major defensive systems so its occupants were at the mercy of the pilot .
tr	NNS	Canadians have more donut shops per capita than anybody else in the world .
tr	NNS	Various dead authors littered the shelves .
tr	NN	The Vampire pauses and flashes an evil smirk .
tr	NN	Kev approached the structure .
tr	NN	" He did not understand our language .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths as I came to grips with the situation .
tr	NNS	The crystals will destroy any remaining wolves attempting to flee through tunnels that we don 't know about . "
tr	NN	She drained the pasta and put a huge portion on two plates .
tr	NN	Harry had told him he had taken up an internship at a camp to explain away his absence .
tr	NN	I 'm putting all my faith into you because I want to see my family when this is all over . "
tr	NNS	Anderson grudgingly accepted these terms , much more subdued after Frank Simm had shamed them all with his short speech .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at him .
tr	NN	She walked up the ridge , coming to a rest just at the table 's side .
tr	NNS	More aggressive measures ... what did that mean ?
tr	NNS	The others switched out magazines but I had to drop my shotgun and ready my axe instead .
tr	NNS	In the distance I saw more pillars of smoke reaching up into the air , desperately choking out the blue sky that was no longer overhead .
tr	NN	I tried a hot soak in the bathtub , and I shaved my legs until they were perfectly smooth .
tr	NNS	After dinner , he dumps the plates in the sink and joins me on the couch .
tr	NNS	Drawing a long , low hiss from him .
tr	NNS	The jacket and pants had Florentine labels .
tr	NNS	Hosea , his face as red as his sweaty flannel shirt , cracked the reins and pushed the horses toward town .
tr	NN	Ring the police chief for me . "
tr	NN	When it came her time , she unloaded the cart and tried to keep her body between Lowell and the counter .
tr	NN	As he bit into it , he tasted sweet but slightly acidic juice .
tr	NNS	By having killed the androids ?
tr	NNS	Miriam read , I am watching your guardians closely .
tr	NNS	" As I understand it , Eric and Spinner had some personal issues .
tr	NNS	The agency took no chances with its employees and the secrets in their heads .
tr	NNS	You guys have outdone yourselves . "
tr	NNS	' And he 's paying ten thousand dollars each .
tr	NNS	Bahl Bazaar continued various forms of training during all the morning and then the group braked for lunch .
tr	NNS	These locusts did not attack crops or grass or trees .
tr	NN	From you I get vinegar , but for Dane it 's so much honey I could puke from the sugar . "
tr	NN	That brought the scowl right back to Mortimer 's mouth .
tr	NNS	It held the basketball awards given out through the years .
tr	NNS	If the shooters were hiding behind there , we were sitting ducks .
tr	NN	At the last minute , she whipped the dagger up in both hands and stabbed him in the forehead .
tr	NNS	I had visions of the broken lower tree branches , hardened by weather and drying over the years , ripping my flesh as I passed by .
tr	NNS	I have noted all the cameras in blue and the liquidators in red . "
tr	NN	It caressed the hill , the way it fell .
tr	NN	He 'd grasped the doorknob when a thought made him hesitate .
tr	NN	It made my gut wrench to see it .
tr	NN	After that , she poured lotion soap into her washcloth and scrubbed it over every inch of her body .
tr	NNS	And sadly she licked the crumbs .
tr	NN	Remember the sitar player ?
tr	NN	" Can you make a steak ? "
tr	NNS	Realizing that neither of us had any clothes on , we pulled the covers up .
tr	NNS	I have many subjects , and you and your sister aren 't the only ones who can pass through with ease . "
tr	NN	She felt the same contentment he showed .
tr	NN	I forced the urge aside and ducked my head , afraid he 'd pluck my dark thoughts from my face .
tr	NN	He tucked a napkin in his shirt .
tr	NNS	After a few more heaves , I took a few deep breaths .
tr	NN	If Jett only proposed , I wouldn 't even need a proposal like the ones you see in the movies .
tr	NNS	This slide skimmed inches over the metal surface .
tr	NNS	Isabelle and Jace as if they were holding their breaths , waiting on her response .
tr	NN	In her mind 's eye , she could see the customer in the completed suit , knowing the exact line of every crease and seam .
tr	NN	The huts , the neater cottages , and stately houses engaged my admiration by turns .
tr	NNS	He had visions of little old ladies with shocking hair marching up and down the streets with magic potions and garlic wreaths .
tr	NNS	He had settled mere inches from Helen and looked meekly at her .
tr	NNS	" She doesn 't trust actors . "
tr	NN	Something brushed Cameron 's thigh , and he jerked his eyes open .
tr	NN	The Sheriff had that hybrid dialect that separated Hoosier twang from Tennessee drawl .
tr	NN	I grasp a handful of shirt and the four points of my grandmother 's crucifix dig into my palm .
tr	NNS	Once it fell from her body , Thomas 's strong hands touched her breasts .
tr	NN	He smiled a little evilly .
tr	NNS	We don 't get many lady scholars here .
tr	NNS	Our gifts allowed our brains to work fast to develop the answers we needed .
tr	NN	Ice opened the refrigerator and found the butter but left the jelly behind since it was grape .
tr	NNS	Burnt out buildings , burned out cars and bodies hanging from lamp posts .
tr	NN	Alex entertained her daily with his loose cannon presence in class and she often wondered what went on in that cute head of his .
tr	NNS	People must have their heroes , and when the heroes fall , someone has to be blamed . "
tr	NNS	You get butterflies in your stomach too , right ? "
tr	NN	I don 't have much patience for therapists at the best of times and this was definitely not the best of times .
tr	NNS	She peeled off her damp slacks and laid them carefully on the vanity .
tr	NNS	He was still watching the birds . "
tr	NNS	One morning after I opened Brandon 's door , I noticed several dogs snooping around the grass by the birdbath .
tr	NN	Not a single servant or one family member entered the foyer or even walked past it in the large hall beyond it .
tr	NNS	As he approached , it bared its fangs and mustered up a weak growl , following him with its eyes .
tr	NNS	A few minutes later , 007 scanned the motion sensors located in the restroom in the executive hallway near Alfred 's office .
tr	NNS	" We can 't afford any accidents , okay ? "
tr	NNS	What I 'd taken for lasers being fired at our stern had been photon missiles from the flagship , aimed at decimating the ground .
tr	NNS	I saved 5 meal packs for special occasions .
tr	NN	' In any particular style or pattern ? '
tr	NNS	Her uniform skirt barely skimmed her thighs , showing off every curve of her impossibly perfect Finnish legs .
tr	NNS	They ran raids and captured women to bring up the male to female ratio .
tr	NN	Carefully check the closet and dressers to see if Davis has packed anything recently .
tr	NN	He told a sentry who was spending his outside time warming up inside instead , " Private , go toll the rally bell . "
tr	NNS	She took several bites of ice cream .
tr	NN	He fisted his shaft looking at his arousal and then at her .
tr	NN	Ambrose could not face that fury for more than a breath .
tr	NN	You notice the soil here ?
tr	NN	The ritual chant provided an anchor in the uncertain sea in which Jacques was floating .
tr	NNS	" I just want pepperoni . "
tr	NNS	It had sleeping accommodations for two and is essential to protect me from the elements .
tr	NN	He gave a snort and jerked his head at me .
tr	NNS	Visibly relieved at the change in the conversation , Creek gave him directions .
tr	NNS	Would I have willingly cooked meals for a crotchety old lady who doesn 't have the words " thank you " in her vocabulary ?
tr	NNS	If she had to move Jacques , they would need supplies desperately .
tr	NN	Lately , Augustine has only called her Little Jac when troubling news arrived , like when their mother first fell ill .
tr	NN	Katherine noted Calvin 's voice resonating as they focused on the next cruiser motoring by .
tr	NN	Human , dragon , god , or centaur , if it 's male and not blood , Daddy will burn the poor bloke to the ground . "
tr	NNS	While the stones cooled , she assembled the bits of jewelry that would house the charmed stones .
tr	NNS	I have four centuries with you and more . "
tr	NN	He held back his urge to turn away ; show no fear !
tr	NN	Plus they had only met a handful of times and she probably never registered to him .
tr	NNS	Pardon the crass sentiments if you will , but ain 't nothing some bastard can do that you haven 't learned to overcome . "
tr	NNS	And when segregation ended , they had the same opportunities as everyone else . "
tr	NN	In the most accurate terms , the book meant Stalker and me .
tr	NN	" It means your powerful Savannah .
tr	NNS	" Have we received battle reports from our fleets at Yan ? "
tr	NNS	Their footfalls raised little hanging clouds of dust .
tr	NN	When he finally lifted his head and looked at her with his dark eyes , she saw the stark hunger smoldering there .
tr	NNS	" I 've also ordered credit cards to be delivered to you .
tr	NN	She put down her hairbrush and took his hand .
tr	NN	" Get your boot off my neck ! "
tr	NN	He looked a little sheepish .
tr	NNS	His squadron had two distinct missions .
tr	NN	" No , thank goodness .
tr	NNS	I 've never had any complaints , though . '
tr	NN	Sam Sr. was gripping a rifle and kneeling next to one of the front windows .
tr	NNS	He gathered up his dishes and silverware and started toward the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Once they passed into the city , Bolt used the buildings as cover .
tr	NN	She felt a prick in her thigh as one of the ambulance officers gave her a needle to ease the pain .
tr	NN	Jordan asked , eavesdropping on their conversation .
tr	NN	Zo felt the doorknob to make sure it was locked on the way out .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't have these attachment issues like I know I do .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , Viktor was emptying his pockets as he walked back into the classroom .
tr	NNS	If Aric marries and has a son , his son would lead the Empire 's armies north into Europe .
tr	NN	Behind her desk she filed her broken nail whilst deciding who to ring first .
tr	NNS	While she was away , I avoided the mirrors , preferring to wait until the dress was on for the full effect .
tr	NN	The sooner she held her granddaughter , the better .
tr	NNS	" Thanks , " she said fervently .
tr	NNS	They bred nothing but unstable females from that bloodline .
tr	NN	She remembered the terror she 'd felt .
tr	NNS	" I think everyone fears if Zev wakes he 'll think we buried him alive .
tr	NN	She held up the visual manifestation of the Core , gazed at it with fascination .
tr	NNS	Maybe she could scare away bears ?
tr	NN	If we had no luck , we could cross the valley near the river and return on the western ridge .
tr	NN	He grew a beard once , but his beard poked out in patches on his boyish face .
tr	NN	Covering my nose , I thrust open the shutters , my palm landing in something sticky .
tr	NNS	In the past , I 'd always know - deal drugs for him and sexual favors .
tr	NNS	In the quickly cooling New York night , Gio walked the ten blocks back to his office building .
tr	NN	" Not when it 's your last option - but when it 's your first .
tr	NNS	Kevin felt small needles piercing his skin .
tr	NN	She took fish from the sea and made from them powerful steeds .
tr	NNS	I pressed my palms together and gave him a weak grin .
tr	NN	The Archangel caught a glimpse of the reddish stone in Iseo 's hand .
tr	NN	Kylie let sarcasm leak into her tone .
tr	NN	Ella balled up her napkin and leaned forward on her elbows .
tr	NNS	I didn 't see any tracks between them so I 'll bet you a month 's pay they have tunnels . "
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of something as she closed the shutters , just enough of it to divert her attention .
tr	NNS	" You and Dormer tracked the soldiers ' movements .
tr	NNS	She had changed his life centuries ago with those same three words .
tr	NNS	Frank gave me a thumbs up , set the phone on Jason 's chest and started to check vitals again .
tr	NN	The guy , Aldo I guess was his name , started pacing back and forth in front of me like a nervous little rodent .
tr	NNS	You can even crack a few ribs .
tr	NN	He consulted an oversize silver clock on his desk .
tr	NN	He gave a gigantic yawn .
tr	NN	That man wasn 't wearing one stitch of clothing on his very male body .
tr	NN	The cops gave chase , but he managed to hide under an RV parked in someone 's side yard on the other side of the ravine .
tr	NNS	" Shoulda known , though , " said Cyrus dismissively .
tr	NNS	She fetched two more changes of work clothes and a few more suitable outfits for those rare moments when she would not be working .
tr	NNS	Nobody would dare mess wit ' ya if they knew ya were in da gang . "
tr	NNS	She sees ghosts , too .
tr	NN	You have success written all over you .
tr	NNS	I don 't expect any complications .
tr	NNS	In shapeshifter terms that was like delivering three dozen red roses with a tag that read I LOVE YOU .
tr	NN	I stopped pacing and looked down into her face .
tr	NNS	Viktor checked their dates to put them back in proper order , but as he skimmed them , he realized he hadn 't seen these passages before .
tr	NNS	I 'd noticed the statues at the discount store in the mall yesterday when I trailed Cindy .
tr	NN	" Have you met her friend Tara ? "
tr	NN	Collectors developed the method to verify authenticity .
tr	NNS	Kitchen drawers revealed butter knives , nothing sharper .
tr	NN	I took the soda he offered and opened it .
tr	NNS	A steady diet of blood , staying out of the sun , and my own nighttime jogs had done wonders for my body .
tr	NNS	I heard the responses of my whole family , and Jamey 's too .
tr	NN	I know the lesson for the day .
tr	NN	He did not release the pen to her .
tr	NNS	Pox raises both palms .
tr	NNS	" You shouldn 't make assumptions about things you don 't understand . "
tr	NN	Of turning mortal into immortal .
tr	NN	' I remember , Raphael 's squeeze . '
tr	NNS	We 'd be sitting ducks .
tr	NN	She might 've felt heartbroken for herself but refused to contemplate whether or not she might be pregnant , too .
tr	NN	" Oh no god in heaven . "
tr	NNS	The dragon 's scream split the heavens .
tr	NNS	My voice sounded breathless to my own ears .
tr	NNS	" Yes , as I told you before , the boss vets all new clients for the private accounts .
tr	NNS	That left the few servants cleaning up and the two couples .
tr	NN	There a sign read ' Body piercing while you wait ' .
tr	NN	She pulled her bicycle almost behind him and reached out to his backpack .
tr	NNS	Next morning we put the cats and their paraphernalia back into the car .
tr	NNS	" We 'll confiscate their damned crops ! "
tr	NNS	The air in the room was thick with the scent of herbs , invading her senses , his voice mesmerizing her .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	He 's been asking all sorts of questions , and it 's a good thing Bonnie didn 't know anything she could blab . "
tr	NN	" Get the basket on the line .
tr	NNS	" Life takes some odd twists and turns , doesn 't it ? "
tr	NN	I took the soap and washed him quietly , paying extra attention to the places that caused changes in his breathing .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is your problem ? "
tr	NNS	In their haste , she and Jason had accidentally switched suits .
tr	NN	" You have no imagination . "
tr	NNS	How could a newspaper draw conclusions to a study that our medical experts were not yet able to conclude ? "
tr	NNS	They emptied their clips into my back , still shouting at me as I crossed the parking lot to the Benz .
tr	NN	The old man sounded the horn across this flowered valley , or outstanding setting for creating perfect legends .
tr	NN	Looks more like a castle .
tr	NN	" I don 't give a fuck about that , Rap ! "
tr	NNS	They mumbled their affirmative responses , and the man finally went away .
tr	NN	But he sensed her agitation , was worried that she was outside her comfort zone .
tr	NN	She even jiggled the doorknob and tried to look through the keyhole but something was stuffed in the other side .
tr	NN	But claiming every last possession , then burning it all ... well , that was just cruel .
tr	NNS	Fred put the cards in his back pocket and stood up .
tr	NNS	We 've been getting our own trays now , since he seems to think I want nothing but salad .
tr	NN	I 'll send him a postcard from Chile . "
tr	NN	He 'd given each crew member a flat cap .
tr	NN	If the table could have a vase of flowers and a placemat with a tasteful view of something nice , so much the better .
tr	NNS	She has other sons , steady lads .
tr	NN	The way my neck creaked and cracked really did give testimony to the fact that maybe I should look into getting a bed for the place .
tr	NNS	We 'll just cancel our cards . "
tr	NN	He was holding Randy 's rifle .
tr	NNS	" So we can expect data soon ? "
tr	NNS	Our father only occasionally replaces important figures of the past .
tr	NNS	' I 've also made enquiries about a divorce .
tr	NN	To my pleasure , I discover a small one-room shack at its center , with a neatly made fire pit out front .
tr	NN	Rolling dust eats the entire highway .
tr	NN	" I have a lightweight metal ramp that telescopes .
tr	NNS	It bounced several yards , then rolled end over end down a steep ravine and exploded in a ball of fire .
tr	NNS	We have carnival rides for the kids , concession booths along Main Street , parades , and all sorts of contests .
tr	NN	When he didn 't deny that he enjoyed it , Jenny felt her insides cringe .
tr	NNS	I only saw the last bits of it . "
tr	NNS	" You 're using those stellar corporate boardroom skills on me . "
tr	NN	I hear his moan , and it only makes me wetter .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is that thing ? "
tr	NN	Clearly the boy has some sexual attraction to you and you have been playing along with it . "
tr	NNS	When they returned , I took two little cups and awaited instructions .
tr	NN	The last thing she needed right now was hearing Madeleine bragging about satisfying Julian on his wedding day to Camille .
tr	NN	He felt the urge to respite , but could not move to it .
tr	NN	While I was sitting at the table eating pudding she handed me a package that was wrapped in Christmas wrapping paper .
tr	NN	" Her right hand has no paint .
tr	NNS	Across the room , past their aunt holding one twin and their uncle , holding the other .
tr	NN	Dahl has the potential for making serious trouble .
tr	NN	I wagged my finger playfully at him .
tr	NNS	Within just a few minutes everyone was picking up items and heading into the cave out of the growing darkness .
tr	NNS	The scent of my own blood surrounded all my senses .
tr	NNS	Apparently , only sons inherited titles and lands in England .
tr	NNS	She studied her surroundings .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples , looking distraught .
tr	NNS	None of us , not even cows and deer , needed any more surprises .
tr	NN	Can you mend rope ?
tr	NN	Gray felt his pulse quicken with the telling , knowing this had to be important .
tr	NNS	There 'll be sixteen houses , each on a five acre lot and will sell for about two million each . "
tr	NN	Sean jumped off the bench and raced out of the bedroom .
tr	NNS	He hated hospitals , and his cheery , bouncy fiancée was due to give birth fairly soon .
tr	NNS	We estimate current losses at 50,000 .
tr	NNS	" Threats work wonderfully . "
tr	NNS	Ryan took the reins from Lance .
tr	NN	Without knocking , he turned the knob and let himself into a small but elegant bedroom .
tr	NNS	It confirmed her suspicions , all she thought she knew .
tr	NN	Now that their bond , as tentative as it was , was threatened , she understood the depth of her attachment .
tr	NN	We complete the secret handshake of the Seven Cs and seal the secret .
tr	NN	But I will take vengeance upon you , she-wolf .
tr	NNS	He had al the ingredients ... but he 'd never heard of a root cel ar .
tr	NN	But first she had a duty in Caesarea .
tr	NNS	He had at least a dozen pairs of black leather pants , and a variety of long , sleeveless black leather coats .
tr	NN	" By the light of the sun , the Father God , I recognize this mating . "
tr	NN	Why did you do a review on my family 's restaurant ? "
tr	NN	" The Director will be here in a few minutes , " Winkler settled his tall frame effortlessly into the vacant chair beside Ashe .
tr	NN	Give them some closure . "
tr	NNS	John caressed Bess , " She 's the best little mare , Stan .
tr	NNS	He wasn 't feeling dizzy and his head was clearing except for the pain medication .
tr	NNS	Ivan unraveled the bindings around my arm in silence .
tr	NNS	" Five thousand dollars , and let me tell you , Eric is not happy . "
tr	NNS	Don 't they have any brains ? "
tr	NN	" I do not understand your meaning . "
tr	NNS	He drew the covers over her , stroked a lock of hair from her brow .
tr	NN	She turned the dagger into dust before it had struck her eyes .
tr	NNS	Frequently , she drafted motions based on telephone conversations with Marlowe or clients and rarely did they require much perfection .
tr	NNS	Throwing knives at a tree had convinced the leaders that his skills would be useful .
tr	NN	Winkler got a soda with Ashe and walked out to the massive deck behind the media room .
tr	NNS	He was wearing dark slacks and a white button down shirt .
tr	NNS	Then they threw torches on the thatch roofs and it was easy for all of his men to race out before the whole town was aflame .
tr	NN	Serena barely remembers the trial .
tr	NNS	As everyone settled down , she pulled her reports together and tried to become as inconspicuous as possible in the back of the conference room .
tr	NNS	Behind me , I heard someone yell , " Call security ! "
tr	NNS	Josie had blocks , Rudy had blocks and the jury was watching each of them build their case like a house .
tr	NN	Don 't forget you have an appointment with Doctor Zed on the 18th at ... " " Dad , I know . "
tr	NN	The shift slid her hem to the top of her thighs .
tr	NN	Mom learned her lesson after me and refused to name them until after she was out of hospital and had forgotten the pain and the drugs . "
tr	NN	Donald always bought his wife jewelry and headed for Knightsbridge .
tr	NNS	She picked up broken bits she could understand -- fragmented , poorly constructed sentences -- that were aimed at prisoners that were still among the wagons .
tr	NN	And I haven 't left any proof for them to uncover . "
tr	NN	Yet her fingers found his lifeline , searched for his emotions .
tr	NN	So on that day we decided , what harm could it do ?
tr	NN	" I 've never seen a flock of kids before ! "
tr	NNS	If she 's going there , she 's just picking up cigarettes or something .
tr	NNS	When we found a booth , he ordered two coffees .
tr	NNS	We 've all got our own talents .
tr	NN	Once , the sight would 've stirred his lust and hardened his cock , but it had little effect on him now .
tr	NN	" Your weight doesn 't change the flavor of your blood anyway . "
tr	NNS	" Being a demon has its benefits .
tr	NNS	Or call Chess and tell her .
tr	NN	Gia nodded absently , still watching the bike as it became as small as a Matchbox toy cresting the hill .
tr	NNS	Disposable cups on the sink . "
tr	NN	Many get the impression that at one time , the small attraction was to be a museum of oddities and strange facts .
tr	NN	Listen , when we hear from that Steiner kid , it 'll blow the lid off this whole thing .
tr	NN	" I want the painting you have gotten from the auction .
tr	NN	His hands cupped my butt , kneading its softness and tilting my hips forward so I could feel his rock-hard erection pressing against me urgently .
tr	NN	She caught his meaning , even though he didn 't specifically say the words .
tr	NNS	King Albrecht had had three sons .
tr	NNS	I know these waters . "
tr	NN	Kylie heard the implication in the camp leader 's voice : that Jane Doe didn 't want to remember because she 'd murdered innocent children .
tr	NN	" Just trying to figure out some witty banter for the sheik . "
tr	NNS	She worked the knots from the strands and then began to braid it by pulling it over her shoulder .
tr	NN	" Besides , I wouldn 't want her fainting at the sight of blood . "
tr	NNS	Tell me , do we actually know who has raised their prices ? "
tr	NN	Finally I pulled my blouse away from my chest and then off my shoulders , intending to slip the garment from my arms .
tr	NNS	" She does have reactions . "
tr	NN	When he was satisfied the car had left , Budda continued down the hill and crossed a fence into a corn field that had been partially harvested .
tr	NNS	" I , too , have visions .
tr	NNS	There , they could also take a leak and change drivers .
tr	NNS	I felt the mattress against the backs of my legs , Jake wrapping an arm around my back as he lowered me gently to the bed .
tr	NNS	I see numerous sky ships over the city .
tr	NN	All clients had this lull in admission .
tr	NN	It made a striking contrast between modern and classical architecture .
tr	NNS	Case completed his prayers , signed the cross and moved toward the bed .
tr	NN	I needed release from this .
tr	NN	He closed the lid .
tr	NN	He brushed a strand of hair from her lip .
tr	NN	She heard the downstairs door slam as Cooper ran up the stairs .
tr	NNS	Alex could tip the scales if she knew for certain that he wanted her to stay .
tr	NN	Now again I made a deep resolve .
tr	NN	I hauled out the mop , cleaned the kitchen floor and then did a little vacuuming after that .
tr	NN	Next they pull a gag around my mouth , the cotton digging into my cheeks .
tr	NN	I 'll take cake .
tr	NN	She and her daughter manage real estate and there was a problem at one of the properties .
tr	NNS	Jason could hear the faint hiss as Cliff turned the knob on the side of the blowtorch , releasing propane .
tr	NN	Lilly 's hand in mine , I could feel her tremble with anxiety .
tr	NNS	I saw many strange lands and spoke in strange tongues to even stranger creatures .
tr	NNS	He 'd won the hearts of a nation .
tr	NN	Dresden again smiles weakly , " Doctor Hartman and Doctor Everett ... we were a team . "
tr	NN	Sweet powder and thunderstorms .
tr	NNS	Your friend has issues . "
tr	NN	" You have my solemn oath that I will never , never , clamp you with an armband again . "
tr	NN	For one moment , Ainsley experienced deep , bone - wrenching envy .
tr	NNS	I have no illusions that what I have written will ever find itself on a bestseller list .
tr	NNS	Many of them had cameras hanging from around their necks .
tr	NNS	This man killed two more families .
tr	NN	* I need your Healer at the Keep .
tr	NNS	Despite my experience with Shells , they don 't like restaurants unless they are a major chain .
tr	NN	Barely able to control his mirth , Sean filmed the monument from several angles before he noticed Dave approaching .
tr	NN	" Let me guess , you wrestled an alligator in your backyard . "
tr	NN	Auntie always has a stew or soup or something like it on the stove and tonight is no exception .
tr	NNS	They had very different interests , with Jeff serving on math and science teams and Emeka the scrappy point guard for the basketball team .
tr	NN	In his career , he had never met a more capable fraud , and it irked him to have proven to be such an easy mark .
tr	NN	" With this water heater problem , I can barely make payroll next month .
tr	NNS	Max didn 't miss Bonnie 's coldness towards him .
tr	NNS	She must have had five hundred dollars in it .
tr	NN	" I don 't know the extent of Uncle Angus 's business relationship with Maclin .
tr	NN	" Tell your fortune , lady ? "
tr	NN	" I caught a glimpse of it before , but thought it was just an exit that didn 't have use .
tr	NNS	And then she saw the bites .
tr	NNS	He ran down several corridors , getting closer to Basha 's room .
tr	NNS	He had no illusions any more .
tr	NNS	Buddy cleaned these vases , too .
tr	NNS	As he unfolded his pants from his body , it was like peeling back layers to get to the juicy fruit beneath .
tr	NN	Sorry honey , let me make you fresh ones . "
tr	NNS	Regardless of what he felt for her , Simon had some issues .
tr	NN	When they traveled between villages , his mother would take the fork from the box and walk some distance away from camp .
tr	NNS	Gradually rolling over , he observed his surroundings .
tr	NNS	He spat out broken fragments of his teeth that glowed bright white in the dark crimson puddle of his own blood .
tr	NN	" Girlfriend , don 't waste the outfit on us .
tr	NN	I don 't think honey and fake jewelry are going to work here . "
tr	NN	Then she mentions the pink bird and a small amount of relief washes over me .
tr	NNS	And if she did somehow accomplish all of that , she would spend weekends with her daughter always being judged and scrutinized .
tr	NN	He 'd let the quest to track down Crawley obscure the fact that he had no plan of what to do when he found him .
tr	NN	He didn " t know who he was , sir .
tr	NN	His cold mouth engulfed one nipple , pulling it into a tight nub and worshipping it with his tongue , before moving on to the next .
tr	NNS	The Hub had seven floors .
tr	NNS	I felt a numbness in my left foot , even as my shoulder slammed into the bottom of the ditch across the road from Hank 's house .
tr	NN	" Just give me that option .
tr	NN	I press the release , and it springs open .
tr	NN	" We have enough oxygen in our suits for several hours .
tr	NNS	They had been slaughtering their victims !
tr	NN	He felt Angelica 's resolve as she responded , " What I 'm saying is that I believe it doesn 't matter .
tr	NN	" I do not have an affinity for needles .
tr	NN	He called his law clerk and asked her to locate both Rohr and Cable and have them waiting in chambers when he arrived .
tr	NN	He wanted her terror , wanted the adrenaline flowing , lacing the blood .
tr	NN	We hadn 't used a condom again , but he 'd pulled out .
tr	NN	" No , I don 't want the responsibility .
tr	NN	Find another topic of conversation . "
tr	NN	Tony checked the clock on the wall and was surprised at how late it was .
tr	NN	Bill pulled the clock off the wall .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not making excuses for you .
tr	NN	She grasped the yoke .
tr	NNS	Zack dusted muffin crumbs off his hands and looked interested .
tr	NN	" You stole a towel ? "
tr	NN	I wanted a championship too .
tr	NNS	They probably rolled up the sidewalks early .
tr	NNS	I skim the numbers , then commit them to memory , before handing it back .
tr	NNS	I 'd have given ten talents to any prophet who would have foretold me that I 'd fight well for five minutes and then be killed .
tr	NNS	In granting freedom to angelic choirs , he gave us individual desires which must , by definition , deviate from those which God himself would formulate .
tr	NN	" May I see your whip ? "
tr	NNS	The guard had a good six inches and five stone on her but his strong attacks were panicked and sloppy .
tr	NN	On her way toward the desk , where her breakfast awaited , Morgan picked up her handbag and pawed for her smartphone .
tr	NNS	The sons of Carlos had their own families and their own homes .
tr	NN	Aden massaged his temple .
tr	NN	Far off , very , very far off , a trunk honked its horn .
tr	NN	" Don 't they all require discretion , Prince ? "
tr	NNS	In that case , he could expect assassination attempts before the hour was through .
tr	NN	His hand squeezed my thigh .
tr	NNS	Patricia intercepted their grins .
tr	NN	She wore a fierce scowl , her body as rigid as a piece of lumber in his shop .
tr	NNS	Thus , the Wall housed both violent criminals and served as a debtor 's prison .
tr	NN	I pulled the fire extinguisher from inside the cabinet next to the stairwell door .
tr	NN	My body felt leaden .
tr	NNS	" Maybe he had latent abilities .
tr	NNS	He plainly felt no wariness in the presence of these strangers .
tr	NNS	or in other solar systems , it will increase the chances that mankind could survive one of these .
tr	NNS	She followed the tracks , her boots twisting sideways on the snow-covered ground , surveying the area with frantic eyes .
tr	NN	She felt his groin stirring against her stomach , already full and hard .
tr	NNS	' That took you three centuries ?
tr	NN	The amount of time to be determined by myself , or the king , when we have deemed she has learned her lesson . "
tr	NN	They had a fully stocked refrigerator in a working kitchen and told me where the ice cream was kept .
tr	NNS	He located the finest carpets ; commissioned the most extraordinary fireplaces ; purchased the most exceptional pieces of furniture ; demanded the most magnificent chandeliers .
tr	NNS	The hunters will stalk and hunt the deer as they normally do , but instead of using a bullet , they 'll use a tranquilizer dart .
tr	NNS	Chapter Five Toren 's mind was already playing tricks on him , and he 'd only been here a few hours .
tr	NNS	" Didn 't you hear the gun shots ? "
tr	NN	I couldn 't help grinning .
tr	NN	* Chapter 50 YOU MAY KEEP THE GOAT HEADS , SIR Are aliens the devil ?
tr	NNS	" A toxin from E. coli bacteria ?
tr	NNS	Ferry opened his palms to her as she entered .
tr	NNS	We were taking two canoes .
tr	NN	We formally accepted a bid from a construction company this morning . "
tr	NN	He growled his displeasure , but let me go .
tr	NNS	Sleeping bags and other accouterments covered the once elegant wood floors .
tr	NN	" Then I 'll forgo the inheritance . "
tr	NNS	We all ordered steaks .
tr	NNS	Her tone set the hairs on the back of Rena 's neck standing on end .
tr	NNS	" Why do you like these dogs so much ? "
tr	NN	The girl held the receiver away from her face .
tr	NNS	I gently turned a few pages until they balanced equally on each side .
tr	NNS	He could vaguely hear the hiss of whitecaps rolling in the surf above .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness it wasn 't the same outcome . "
tr	NNS	Soon after , the bird regained its wits and flew away .
tr	NNS	If they asked me one more time if I approved of my congressman , I would use my powers for evil .
tr	NNS	Instead of answering immediately , Dent brushed the crumbs from his cookies off the table into his hand and carried them to the sink .
tr	NNS	' No idea , try numbers that might mean something to you . '
tr	NN	His father had kept a file on everything , which had been passed down to him when he took over as alpha .
tr	NN	She might regret her impulse tomorrow , but she 'd deal with that another time .
tr	NN	" And don 't give me any more hassle about the new truck . "
tr	NN	Weird , I hadn 't seen the knife sail toward me or felt the pain when it pierced my skin .
tr	NN	She watched the landscape through the window , but actually , she didn 't see buildings , trees , and Warsaw at all .
tr	NNS	" She has her suspicions . "
tr	NNS	So I followed blindly .
tr	NNS	" Why did you leave physics for banking ? "
tr	NNS	You might know students who worked with Dr. Wilson or knew him well .
tr	NN	He 'd reached his goal and felt confident it was enough to throw in the man 's face as a kind of self-righteous defiance .
tr	NNS	It took the combined efforts of those around him to translate these theories into a working , practical reality . "
tr	NN	Graeme gave him a slow smirk that clearly said , " Try it . "
tr	NN	He 'd reached the coveted " general " status more than ten thousand years ago .
tr	NNS	You rule nothing Gideon .
tr	NNS	" They touch the cubs , and we 'll rip off their heads , starting with yours . "
tr	NN	" I can see your point , that would weaken leadership .
tr	NNS	In what surely must be part of the school 's code of conduct , handouts on grief circulated the classrooms that week .
tr	NN	The chance of hearing Prudence 's voice changed his attitude instantly .
tr	NN	Etienne stopped pacing and suddenly touched his arm .
tr	NNS	Had they really cost two hundred dollars ?
tr	NN	We got the manuscript back .
tr	NNS	Circumstances had put both sisters in very , very bad positions .
tr	NN	Helen closed the browser and stood .
tr	NN	He sent his brother a cool , razor-sharp glare .
tr	NN	Was she basically a female version of Vincent ?
tr	NNS	I 've always hated tiny vessels , for good reason as it turns out .
tr	NN	Their slime had such a revolting quality to it that just remembering the smell of it was enough to make many people sick on the spot .
tr	NN	As you can see , she has a defining feature you can see immediately .
tr	NNS	Ahab raised many statues to these pagan demons in many cities , including in Samaria .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps he has some lingering and deep-seated doubts about his own purity .
tr	NNS	Slow the engines down manually and let me have the plane . "
tr	NNS	I have bits and pieces .
tr	NNS	He edged nearer , still trying to keep his distance .
tr	NNS	" Trace hit three ducks , Mommy . "
tr	NNS	He owned several department stores and she quoted the increase in sales from this quarter to the previous year 's quarter .
tr	NN	She uttered a quiet command and felt the workings of the lock stir , but not enough to grant her access .
tr	NN	" I 've got my own private security detail .
tr	NN	Again , I picture the castle , the lake , the trees , the cars .
tr	NN	" You no longer have a trident .
tr	NN	Hank noted her discomfort and hurried them toward the cave entrance .
tr	NNS	But they did not quite lose their wits .
tr	NN	Yet I couldn 't escape the sensation we were about to walk into danger .
tr	NNS	I lit no lamps and I didn 't kindle a fire in the hearth .
tr	NN	" We 're told a certain phrase to say that sounds innocuous - " " But is actually a code ? "
tr	NN	Gray planted a dagger through the man 's throat and twisted .
tr	NNS	Individual maples and groves of evergreens separated large areas of bare rock .
tr	NN	He had a circle beard that was the same color as his hair , black and white .
tr	NNS	Her husband may experience fits of passion .
tr	NN	We spend a lot of time at sea patrolling the Sea of the Winds .
tr	NNS	They wouldn 't carry charge packs for the disruptor March carries , given that it counts as contraband .
tr	NN	" I sold him the rarest , most expensive honey on planet Earth .
tr	NNS	His exaggerated answer calmed the dancing butterflies in her stomach .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats grabbed a wing and pulled .
tr	NN	But everyone wants the easy and lazy option .
tr	NN	He tossed the backpack into his trunk and drove to Marcella 's house .
tr	NN	I just never considered command before . "
tr	NN	The ship has weathered every rack , the prize we sought is won .
tr	NN	She smothered her instantaneous impulse to defend Damon and tried to figure out why this woman was so bitter towards the man .
tr	NNS	The candlelight gilded two chairs set on either side .
tr	NN	" You can stop pacing now .
tr	NN	" That would uphold your reputation ! "
tr	NNS	For years she had walked these halls without seeing .
tr	NN	She felt her patience being pulled like a tight rubber band .
tr	NN	He 'd obviously been taught etiquette .
tr	NN	I have some aspirin in my purse if you need it . "
tr	NN	" You 've been named a key player by the opposition , so that bumps you to the top .
tr	NNS	They put their suits on and stepped out into the warm , evening air .
tr	NN	" She wants a crisis . "
tr	NNS	He took gentle tugs , and some delirious part of her thought maybe she should have taken him up on his offer before tonight .
tr	NN	Simon made it his priority to introduce me to everyone at school .
tr	NNS	They walked the few blocks to the meeting place , the parking lot of a deserted warehouse .
tr	NNS	She sent my designs back multiple times , telling me that they lacked inspiration .
tr	NN	He had received a bath and a shave from the sadistic guards .
tr	NNS	Judd made two sandwiches anyway .
tr	NNS	Being with her stirred his senses to vibrant life and made him glad for who and what he was .
tr	NNS	Now Fontaine could pay his addresses .
tr	NNS	The sturdy pickup , usually so reliable despite its high mileage , made some unfamiliar noises as she drove along the dark , deserted side road .
tr	NNS	Within minutes it was so dark , she couldn 't see more than a few inches in front of her .
tr	NNS	" You 've done interviews at other places , right ?
tr	NNS	He gave Vincent one last scowl before he turned to me with a smile .
tr	NNS	Then he organised teams to work almost every farm in the vicinity .
tr	NNS	However , the other states quickly joined the ranks with Michigan after 2009 .
tr	NN	Pans and smashed plates litter the floor .
tr	NN	But if you can neither take our advice nor give us anything to do , what are we all sitting here for ?
tr	NN	" Oh , Syd , she means no harm . "
tr	NN	The strip , no more than ten feet wide , surrounded the entire lagoon .
tr	NN	Catherine set aside her magazine , delighted to see her grandson , especially when she wasn 't expecting him .
tr	NNS	" So you might limit our numbers to the ship 's tolerances but would not , for example , demand Printer 's head on a platter . "
tr	NN	She stopped on the first step , her hand gripping the railing .
tr	NNS	" America routinely shadows Chinese ships ? "
tr	NNS	He had his tricks , his ways of keeping them alive through the worst imaginable tortures .
tr	NN	She also had a natural joy in life that revived his own .
tr	NN	Though we both didn 't believe in afterlife we had a pact .
tr	NN	The sight of the witches struck new terror in Gordon .
tr	NN	His appearance is nothing , words often have little meaning but invoke much interpretation .
tr	NNS	He pushed the covers completely out of the way so that he could admire the damp , already aroused flesh between her thighs .
tr	NNS	When they 're done , she takes the plates and puts them back on the tray and takes the whole thing away .
tr	NNS	" We could bring our families , maybe a few extra . "
tr	NN	" You pulled guard duty ? "
tr	NN	" After that , if I choose , I may enter your contest . "
tr	NNS	Both men expertly lifted the packs and shouldered them with little to no sign of exertion .
tr	NNS	" They 're eating the babies ! "
tr	NN	The heroine shows the entirely human trait of thinking that anyone who can speak so beautifully naturally must be beautiful !
tr	NNS	The man was throwing her hormones off the charts .
tr	NN	said an irritated female dragon .
tr	NN	It made my stomach flutter .
tr	NN	We pass a shed and an old farmhouse that appears to have been abandoned for decades .
tr	NNS	she snarled at him , her face barely inches from his .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered , black butterflies , and her hands gripped my wrist .
tr	NN	The weight of the platinum band and beautiful diamonds gave her a small measure of comfort .
tr	NN	Pavel , have you ever played hockey ? "
tr	NN	Frank tried the knob , and breathed a sigh of relief when the door swung open into the shadowy kitchen area .
tr	NNS	Most people never consider such actions .
tr	NNS	And that included all the supernatural varieties , too .
tr	NNS	She pulled up carpets and threw out sodden and damaged furniture .
tr	NNS	" I will defend my fellow citizens from all enemies -- foreign and domestic . "
tr	NNS	A revolution has no ethics ! "
tr	NNS	" Though , I can check to see if there are any lost birds . "
tr	NNS	Before dessert was served , Elise arranged the dishes in the dishwasher and made the coffee .
tr	NNS	He 's probably getting forty bucks an hour for the overtime . "
tr	NN	He threw one more branch in the fire and walked into the woods as if he were gathering more wood .
tr	NN	He ´ s hostility , he signifies brutality .
tr	NNS	The woman waved the shears .
tr	NN	An ' right now , all tings bein ' equal , that would be you .
tr	NN	In some ways , I could understand my sister 's reluctance , but that didn 't make me feel any better .
tr	NNS	She smiled slyly and bumped Emily 's hip .
tr	NNS	She gave hugs to those who wanted one and spoke quietly with them .
tr	NNS	" That 's the thing , " I say , my mouth inches from hers .
tr	NN	Early today I informed the nation about the continuing water crisis in the Southwest .
tr	NN	" At last we 'll see a contest ! "
tr	NN	She drove another block before she pulled over and properly cleaned off all the windows .
tr	NNS	She had a few stumbles , but I think she is picking it up fast . "
tr	NNS	They remove the adhesive sensors .
tr	NNS	Some of our clients made connections with profiles they found interesting and want a phone call arranged . "
tr	NN	They wanted stamina , not intelligence .
tr	NN	He read the caption : " Tulsa 's Manuel Garcia -- Soccer 's Next Phenom ? "
tr	NN	We will get a conviction , and beyond a shadow of a doubt we 've got the right person this time .
tr	NN	I still didn 't understand the effect the harpy 's scream had on everyone but me .
tr	NNS	Finding what she marked as each of the children 's favorite breakfasts , I gather the ingredients , spreading them on the counter .
tr	NNS	Most people in the merchant class do not know the dances of the upper class -- especially dances done with royalty . "
tr	NN	Christopher 's voice broke my trance .
tr	NN	With any luck , his valet would have clean linen aired for him by now .
tr	NN	As he moved to pull one of the curtains aside , Clary saw something gleam in the carpet at his feet .
tr	NN	Trembling all over , she pulled out the file , ran over to the desk , flattened it out , and read .
tr	NNS	Connor stares at me .
tr	NNS	Across the river , they changed directions and for a few minutes seemed to go in circles .
tr	NN	The passion behind those words gave Cain the impression that she was making him an offer .
tr	NNS	Telling my parents what happened ... would break their hearts .
tr	NN	Grant welcomed that sensation , for it could be felt only in the quiet moments and it was those quiet moments that he craved .
tr	NN	However , it had a large exercise mat , some free weights , and a knotted rope suspended from the high ceiling .
tr	NNS	Red lanterns on waist-high poles marked the shortest routes between them .
tr	NN	" This gentleman just wanted a haircut .
tr	NN	" I want my mommy ! "
tr	NNS	The person drew nearer and was close enough to be identified as a male .
tr	NNS	I followed Maximus to the section of the barricade where there was the least amount of spectators .
tr	NNS	Lydia notice dark stains spreading under his arms .
tr	NNS	I simply know a few tricks to slow the work of age . "
tr	NNS	She 'd noticed two cowboys on horseback crossing one of the pastures .
tr	NNS	" But if the Leopard was serious about overthrowing the empire , he would need strong connections all across St. Petersburg and Moscow .
tr	NNS	" Then why have you given us so many second chances ? "
tr	NNS	" Of course , your stay includes all meals , including room service .
tr	NN	His mind savored the texture and fragrant bouquet of the vibrant filaments which erupted from the silver tines .
tr	NNS	Maybe you got brownie points for bringing others to church . "
tr	NNS	She pulled my boxer briefs out on the side and cut slowly down with the scissors until they popped free of my leg .
tr	NN	Beelzebub viciously yanked the dagger out of Logan and dropped him onto the ground .
tr	NNS	" No conditions ? "
tr	NN	" Of course a romantic like Pia would want the waltz played at her wedding . "
tr	NN	Looking up , he caught Savannah grinning at him , that impish , starry-eyed smile that was making him feel a part of a family unit .
tr	NN	He owns the local furniture and carpet sales company .
tr	NN	She pushed a strand of hair out of her face .
tr	NN	He had the air conditioner cranked up full blast and put his face right up to the vent .
tr	NNS	He shook off the cobwebs and dug out his earpiece , jamming it into place .
tr	NN	Isaac had never tried a home remedy for migraines that actually worked .
tr	NN	I didn 't have the capacity to .
tr	NN	He 'd sworn allegiance to me .
tr	NN	Her lips were softly parted , both hands curled childlike under one cheek , her breathing deep .
tr	NN	They shared the same dark lust for power , for blood .
tr	NN	They had a professional photographer doing everything , and it 'll go online . "
tr	NN	Building a structure of security around himself and his family .
tr	NNS	The rocker made tiny squeaking noises .
tr	NN	They enjoyed the sensation of not saying anything for a while longer , savoring it , making it last .
tr	NN	I had an American senator who came year after year until he croaked .
tr	NN	" Thomas has an announcement . "
tr	NNS	They both wore nondescript navy blue suits .
tr	NN	" You haven 't touched your slice . "
tr	NN	He has had an epiphany .
tr	NNS	Dinosaurs had better survival instincts .
tr	NN	He spotted the cake .
tr	NN	Salt according to this when massive can induce clouds , " Errol lightly tapped the laptop monitor .
tr	NNS	Somewhere between saying hello and diving headfirst into the drama we had forgotten the basics .
tr	NN	I pull up a rag and begin wiping down the counter as if it were the most important task in the world .
tr	NNS	We wrote down the Light 's special skills and assigned them a room and a job .
tr	NNS	Davis really would kill him , I had no doubts about that .
tr	NNS	Have you found all the possible molecules you can think of ? "
tr	NNS	" You don 't like Tequila shots ? "
tr	NN	I noted the present tense , and his silent message .
tr	NN	" No , but he gave a soda . "
tr	NNS	Something like this meant nightmares for sure .
tr	NNS	" I have good contacts in Lycia .
tr	NNS	I didn 't see any markings on her helmet , but that didn 't mean anything .
tr	NNS	Together they placed all the mismatched figurines around the barn .
tr	NN	He was pushing a low wheeled cart full of laundry .
tr	NNS	I can even see those little dents at the bottom of his stomach .
tr	NNS	Sam laid his palms on either side of my neck and kissed me .
tr	NNS	Customers were confidently cruising up and down the well-organized and neat aisles , gathering their goods and checking out without any incidences of simian misbehavior .
tr	NN	They 'd reached the tailgate of the truck .
tr	NNS	Since she had been a vampire , they had avoided crowds in small spaces .
tr	NNS	Arousal moistened my thighs , and I wanted him more than I 'd ever wanted another man .
tr	NN	Waking up in the middle of the night made her groggy .
tr	NN	replied the crow bowing to his leader .
tr	NNS	I hired servants there to care for the count .
tr	NN	Terri and Jane had both bid on men , but had lost out each time .
tr	NNS	" Brannigan 's makes donations to both parties . "
tr	NNS	The man has issues and wouldn 't know a proper woman if one stepped on his face .
tr	NNS	He clamped his jaws tight .
tr	NNS	Her least favourite person amongst her acquaintances .
tr	NNS	When they leave , I start my chores .
tr	NNS	I scan some more pages for her , but it 's like she barely existed .
tr	NN	Allison took the rope from Kelly .
tr	NN	The king stroked his beard .
tr	NN	Eli swiftly descended the staircase through the now empty kitchen .
tr	NNS	He reversed his efforts , tried to get it over her head , and she hissed , " Rip it . "
tr	NNS	He ignored offers to pass Sara over and pounded down the winding hall toward the small on-site clinic .
tr	NN	Gladys was not having a wonderful pregnancy .
tr	NN	I suppressed a groan and released her chin .
tr	NNS	Your father leaves zero tracks . "
tr	NNS	One thousand dollars . "
tr	NN	| | | | | School children crowded a playground from Shane 's past , set in upstate New York .
tr	NN	Marlon scratched his beard , looking around .
tr	NNS	Then I 'd go and do dishes or work in our garden .
tr	NN	She ignored the food offering .
tr	NN	She knew the Priest .
tr	NNS	These creatures actually have babies , or pups , that learn shape shifting as early as 12 in human years .
tr	NNS	Lorcan had sliced his fangs across her throat .
tr	NN	" We received a hail from the Luck Lady late last night .
tr	NNS	Yes , but it was playing instrumental versions of Def Leppard , Journey , and U2 .
tr	NN	People often presented a version of themselves online that wasn 't accurate .
tr	NNS	We do not need outsiders , Gavin .
tr	NN	Sofia noticed the golden vault on the wall above the creature 's head .
tr	NN	Emily twirled her pen between her fingers .
tr	NNS	She didn 't hate the suits as much as she hated what they represented .
tr	NNS	In the meantime , though , I 've got some other pending clients . "
tr	NNS	Jules was definitely lowering her defenses and I was making plans to disarm her completely by the end of the week .
tr	NN	I resist the urge to strangle her .
tr	NN	I wanted some payback .
tr	NN	He had finally used Scotch tape to hold it in place .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her breasts on his biceps and gave her best seductive smile , only inches away .
tr	NNS	To do so requires specific spells .
tr	NN	He had an impression of Mathis starting towards him .
tr	NNS	" I will not abandon my teammates . "
tr	NN	I suspected the latter , and that piqued my interest .
tr	NN	" You 'd better give me a demonstration . "
tr	NNS	I secured twenty staff members including Dr. Angel 's two nurses .
tr	NNS	We breach our contracts , and we 'd never be hired in this town again .
tr	NNS	I could feel her tender breasts beneath my fingertips .
tr	NN	One wore a denim cap with a Hanna Cement logo on the front .
tr	NNS	Perhaps we could even have your slippers in our mouths when you walk in the door ? "
tr	NN	If he hadn 't come out of the terminal , they would have chosen the airplane instead .
tr	NNS	She usually ignored unknown numbers , but with being out of town and recently in the hospital , the call could be important .
tr	NNS	They left the confines of the tower , and as it was still only mid afternoon , they decided to go and explore the town .
tr	NNS	Maybe I won 't raze her lands , but I 'll certainly protect mine . "
tr	NNS	Shut up Calypso . "
tr	NN	I built the outfit up around me .
tr	NN	I leave my stuff | laying around .
tr	NNS	He had seen the unused blocks of stone being loaded onto wagons and the steam cranes being dismantled and taken away to be used elsewhere .
tr	NNS	They had two sons who seemed to play very little part in their lives .
tr	NNS	" Look , we 're not filling out your stupid forms .
tr	NNS	With his right shoulder propped against the wall and a bored expression on his face , he quietly examines his fingernails for a few seconds .
tr	NN	If only she could sit him up , it would make the task much easier .
tr	NN	' Wha ... ' he began , then he noticed the Fog .
tr	NN	The glow of the flowers made a halo of light around him , only accenting his unearthly beauty .
tr	NNS	I am already nursing two young dragons of my own .
tr	NN	" You have the dagger ? "
tr	NN	" If Mr. Dark Ages wants to impress you , he can haul your trunk up the two flights of stairs on his own .
tr	NNS	And just on the other side of the bridge towered two massive pillars .
tr	NN	" You 've made an impression .
tr	NNS	" That boat show always draws the crowds .
tr	NN	If not for the damage left in her wake , Cassie would have believed she 'd imagined the whole encounter .
tr	NNS	" Put their items into this . "
tr	NN	She knew her duty .
tr	NN	She rubbed the extra pillow like she were comforting it .
tr	NN	Emily readjusted her Nike backpack .
tr	NNS	In true Mexican tradition , money had crossed palms just to get that elemental piece of information .
tr	NN	" Launch and periscope depth . "
tr	NN	I could feel the blood drain from my face as I remembered .
tr	NNS	The rival editor however had his own designs while offering editorship to him .
tr	NNS	Why does God make the sons of all great men idiots ? "
tr	NNS	I thanked the heavens that , at least for the time being , no more blood was to be spilled .
tr	NNS	This hostel had several floors , with a shower on each .
tr	NNS	In his hands , he held a dozen red roses in a crystal vase so large that it blocked his view .
tr	NNS	The reputation of being " misguided and misunderstood " filled the mysterious gaps , only bringing speculation back to that of horror .
tr	NN	" Don 't stand there as though you have a policeman 's baton shoved up your backside .
tr	NNS	They abducted some powerful psychics including my sister , Emily .
tr	NN	He signalled his escort to withdraw .
tr	NN	If you 've never looked a man in the eye before you killed him , then you should reserve judgement on his character . "
tr	NNS	Whoever had been telling tales to Pastor Barnes needed to get the message that she and Isaac were trying to be above reproach .
tr	NN	Grandmother passed her faith on to her family as if it were the most precious treasure in the world .
tr	NNS	The porch light falls off one hinge and wobbles to the side .
tr	NN	He found the man 's rifle lying on the deck .
tr	NN	With all of them now on the ground , the evil Doctor Red made his getaway .
tr	NNS	He 's probably got the hots for her and hoping to slip in there when the old man dies ... and I wouldn 't blame him .
tr	NNS	" Did you have your doubts ? "
tr	NN	Raw and unchained lust .
tr	NNS	She shook her head , her eyes spitting sharp blades of fire my way .
tr	NNS	He waited a few beats and then went on .
tr	NN	I don 't remind her daily that she 's the reason behind everything I do and she 's given my life meaning .
tr	NN	The peach duvet that adorned it continued the colour scheme of the hallway .
tr	NN	My mother is crying and telling the nurse that I don 't know her .
tr	NN	No , I actually wanted some advice about diabetes . "
tr	NN	She gives a hard blink .
tr	NN	Quinn gave the handcuffs a final wrench , and the metal hinges squealed .
tr	NN	He pointed up the valley .
tr	NN	Everybody was feeling the squeeze .
tr	NNS	Kai stepped backwards , effectively shaking her hand off him .
tr	NNS	Glen placed the tenancy forms on the cleanly wiped kitchen counter .
tr	NNS	In the garage , I grab the packs out of the back seat of the Galaxie and have Carson pop the trunk .
tr	NNS	To unload goddamn paint cans ?
tr	NN	She wrapped the towel around her and walked to her room .
tr	NN	I work out my location when I 'm parked , and account for it in the next day 's travel .
tr	NN	The feral look that swept over his handsome face made her quiver with heated expectation .
tr	NN	I pointed my burger at her .
tr	NNS	He managed more than a dozen state campaigns mostly in California and Oregon . "
tr	NN	Sleep , like a drug , gave me release .
tr	NNS	Luke , Anna and I usually spent the weekends together .
tr	NNS	Part of me had visions of her waking up , alone and six feet underground . "
tr	NN	Accepting my surrender hungrily .
tr	NN	He saw the bird already swinging its wings high above its head .
tr	NNS	He heard her fingernails tapping on the enameled metal .
tr	NNS	They slapped their palms together and continued their way out of the wet market .
tr	NNS	I wouldn 't have lobbed fireballs that intense at Marina if I wasn 't sure the bracelet could handle them .
tr	NN	Hell , no , he wasn 't turning this prick .
tr	NN	I clicked open the email from Dad .
tr	NNS	I had no rugs to cover up the boring off-white carpet .
tr	NNS	And they caused heavy losses to the enemy , before we exploded it . "
tr	NN	" You will get no argument from me . "
tr	NN	Mad Rogan got a duffel out of the Range Rover and followed me .
tr	NNS	" Of sorts . "
tr	NN	As long as we sell records I 'll have a wage and , I really like you guys . '
tr	NNS	When his balance flashed across the screen , he saw that his account had been credited -- spoils from the last assignment .
tr	NNS	' Because , it requires four coats with treatments between each .
tr	NNS	Bec screeches and appeals to the rest of us .
tr	NN	His blue eyes held an intelligence that indicated that he was not easily taken in by falsehoods .
tr	NN	I do not like that option .
tr	NN	" Jealousy triggers the caveman in you .
tr	NNS	I can 't teach you any fancy rituals like hers , but I 'll be a friend for life .
tr	NNS	" Stop street killings in D.C. ?
tr	NN	He had faith in the belief that a common purpose would win the day .
tr	NN	These special employees , over 12,000 of them , were paid a better wage and worked in special white suits in sealed laboratories .
tr	NN	" Correct verb usage ? "
tr	NNS	To build it will take centuries rather than decades .
tr	NNS	Then she hears a hiss .
tr	NN	Vampire saliva had that effect .
tr	NNS	Like myself , Caitlin doesn 't leave messes .
tr	NNS	They fired few shots on the mud in front of Veron .
tr	NN	Robyn felt her heart quicken .
tr	NN	Stay calm , Katy darlin ' .
tr	NNS	Without exception they wore dark suits and intelligent frowns , and they all attempted the impossible feat of gawking at the jurors while trying to appear uninterested .
tr	NNS	They have almost the same mental abilities as rats .
tr	NN	She stifled her groan of disappointment .
tr	NNS	' Can you follow their tracks ? '
tr	NNS	Pulling out of her mouth , he wiped her juices from his chin .
tr	NNS	" Tilting the scales . "
tr	NN	He 'd dropped the rifle .
tr	NN	Tasha took a peek out of the massive window that overlooked the street .
tr	NNS	It was wearing rags , just a simple skirt and top , but they were burnt and dirty .
tr	NN	He brings a document into his HUD and sends it to Beverly 's terminal past the TDF firewalls .
tr	NNS	Women like Josie got happy endings .
tr	NN	He inspected his school uniform .
tr	NN	" If the man treated you like a queen would you overlook the height ? "
tr	NNS	The Hoppy sting would cost The Fund eighty thousand dollars .
tr	NN	I have a mad urge to throw the underwear at his head .
tr	NNS	We can 't go up the tunnels so hasty .
tr	NN	And you were breaking protocol . "
tr	NN	Cherry finished his whisky , coughed , and sat blinking for a moment , then cleared his throat .
tr	NNS	Nix brought out two cups of coffee .
tr	NNS	I handed him five pages of the script .
tr	NN	And so she felt no resentment .
tr	NNS	It has odd powers , but that one I doubt will fade easily . "
tr	NN	The officers directed traffic down one lane , then two , then all three .
tr	NN	She blinked back a sudden prickling of tears and took a deep breath to calm the panic that leaped into her throat .
tr	NN	Another robot raised a rod into the air , preparing to place it .
tr	NNS	It didn 't take a Harmonic 's empathic abilities to realize that she had blundered onto a painfully raw topic .
tr	NNS	Add the now loud discussion between exes and , sure enough , Cara and Mike were attracting stares from the crowd .
tr	NNS	" Madam Celebrity , I never have any doubts about your genius . "
tr	NN	She circled her belly with both hands .
tr	NNS	Anna gave her little sister daggers .
tr	NN	The weight of her arm brings an alien sensation .
tr	NN	Her mother echoes my plea but Cassie ignores her to focus squarely on me .
tr	NN	Like most dastardly villains , and by now I knew he was such , he had a penchant for hearing his own voice waxing poetic .
tr	NN	In the wooden shelter that served as their transfer bay , Zeus popped open the lid on his tank .
tr	NN	" I 've never really understood that phrase . "
tr	NNS	The tribes out here in the bush made large fires for him and sent help up to his spaceship from the fire .
tr	NNS	I don 't recognize the black sandals , or the red toenails , but they move when I tell them to , so they must be mine .
tr	NN	He heard the brutality in his own voice and saw himself as if from without , looming over these poor , broken creatures .
tr	NNS	Adelaide hides behind Krauss 's legs .
tr	NN	Jack leaned his butt against the counter and took a sip of his coffee .
tr	NNS	I lit candles , and I cried for days when he was so far away I couldn 't reach him . "
tr	NN	We searched the farm , as if the truck could have somehow moved itself to another location .
tr	NN	' He took my passport to identify himself as a friend to Hannah and Malcolm ? '
tr	NNS	I keep gum wrappers .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances . "
tr	NN	Cade feigned a pout .
tr	NNS	I tuck my fingernails into my palms , stabbing them into my skin .
tr	NNS	Still , I gave Carlos high marks for effort .
tr	NN	She was wearing her own version of the mature woman 's little black dress and she wore it well .
tr	NN	Then right on the shore of the island they all saw a huge dragon with three fire breathing heads .
tr	NN	" So you shot me that email . "
tr	NN	" You mean your talent . "
tr	NN	" I 'm feeling a little dizzy . "
tr	NN	His references listed his local employer and the head of personnel ; no one from Ohio or Colorado .
tr	NN	The Firm had never hired an unmarried lawyer , and it frowned heavily on divorce , as well as womanizing and drinking .
tr	NN	He didn 't correct her impression that he was the husband and father of the family .
tr	NNS	In Maggie 's letters he found pages of false hope that didn 't fool him .
tr	NN	Spending money and buying clothes , for whatever reason , fills the void inside my heart .
tr	NNS	And I immediately switched our positions again .
tr	NN	I feel dread at his question , though I can 't say why .
tr	NNS	Francesca had canceled her credit cards and cell service .
tr	NNS	Serena retracts a few more scales so the charm rests on smooth skin .
tr	NN	" I will not have this argument with you , Arlo .
tr	NN	But instead I just followed my impulse and found her number on my phone .
tr	NN	Why have Willy set her wing and bring her all the way out here ?
tr	NN	Some guy lost a wad and sold a dinged up Bently .
tr	NNS	What kind of human being would steal plastic lawn chairs from someone who was so obviously poor ?
tr	NN	I blinked and felt the horrific sensation of King slipping inside my body .
tr	NN	When Aros ran out of ammo , he dropped his rifle and they took flight .
tr	NNS	Iris adjusted the reins in her hands .
tr	NN	" You called me a tease last night , too , and I didn 't say anything because I was trying to draw Charlotte off you . "
tr	NNS	I abandoned my efforts and joined him on the ground , realizing I was hungry , very hungry .
tr	NNS	I still had good role models in my maternal grandparents and my father when he made an appearance . "
tr	NN	" Sure , do you have a marker ? "
tr	NN	No white client would hire a black lawyer in the 1970s , in the South anyway , and this still hasn 't changed much .
tr	NNS	I 'd certainly seen the interviews with weeping parents , all asking why their child had been taken .
tr	NN	One even had a piano .
tr	NNS	" You will get no arguments from me tonight .
tr	NN	I let out a moan .
tr	NNS	Why take the trouble to write a letter to somebody who lives two houses over ?
tr	NNS	Chips of green onion floated the top , their crisp scent wafting the chambers .
tr	NNS	" You 're having contractions ?
tr	NN	I had only one goal in mind .
tr	NNS	We walked seven blocks to a restaurant and I got something similar to roast chicken in a gravy sauce .
tr	NN	I will continue the charade in front of others .
tr	NN	Blows out the candle .
tr	NN	She gripped the railing with both hands and stopped every few steps to gasp and cough .
tr	NN	Bolt realized his error , " Oh , I see .
tr	NN	Take that pistol back to William 's lab and hide it someplace safe . "
tr	NNS	I called the doctors , and they told me to bring him in if he vomited again .
tr	NN	He simply could not control his lust .
tr	NN	um ... don 't have a condom . "
tr	NNS	That knowledge made her even more breathless .
tr	NN	He spent his time pacing back and forth , or sleeping on the cell 's single cot , wrapped in a blanket .
tr	NNS	I feel his hardness pressing against me and every nerve revolts , giving me one last surge of strength .
tr	NN	It didn 't touch the throbbing in her head .
tr	NN	We 're grabbing a burger , then a movie in town .
tr	NNS	" Well , I don 't have too many opportunities to take chances . "
tr	NN	He finished off a banana .
tr	NN	" We need a witch to track them down . "
tr	NN	" Nate , give Summer the crossbow .
tr	NNS	She sat at least four inches taller .
tr	NN	The breeze off the ocean tugged the loose strand of hair across my face and I carefully tucked it back where it belonged before starting .
tr	NN	Sam thought of Marco , the real life good guy cop she was sort of , kind of , maybe seeing a little bit .
tr	NNS	Then she heard the giggles .
tr	NN	He would not risk the success of such a delicate operation on one shoddy screw case , such as Axel .
tr	NNS	They keep ranks from getting in the way in a life-and-death decision moment . "
tr	NNS	" it 's got pockets and pen holders inside , with a nice clip for a large notepad .
tr	NN	He would spend the rest of the morning digging the trench for it .
tr	NNS	I took big , gulping breaths , willing my heart to slow down , willing my wits to come back .
tr	NNS	I slapped my palms around it , stopping it inches from my face .
tr	NN	Tom took the pen and signed as Sam patted the bag .
tr	NN	Do your duty . "
tr	NNS	" He was making eighteen dollars a week and I was making twenty . "
tr	NNS	I 'd met family members who were magically bad at dancing , others who were great at looking ugly in the morning .
tr	NNS	We 'll have fresh vegetables , homemade biscuits - " " It sounds wonderful , " I said .
tr	NNS	Apparently , her future mother-in-law had her doubts .
tr	NN	" And then I will accept my fate . "
tr	NN	I fingered the hem of my skirt .
tr	NN	Then something cold and wet touched her earlobe .
tr	NNS	A rush of white noise , wind and cold assaulted my senses .
tr	NNS	I fought a monster Jess , all scales and fangs .
tr	NN	Only the emperor would know that detail .
tr	NN	' You like your independence ? '
tr	NNS	At Birchwood , we place higher expectations on our students . "
tr	NN	Beneath , lay a battered wooden trunk .
tr	NNS	Rising almost as one , her people left their meals behind and fled as if for their very lives .
tr	NNS	Schools and hospitals had the same effect on him , they both give him the creeps , though he wasn 't sure why .
tr	NN	The captain nodded appreciatively , " and good riddance .
tr	NN	Jimmy rubbed his temple and nodded his head .
tr	NNS	As Wolf , he had the fangs and strength to deal with itchy problems .
tr	NN	Should I not return , you must get another healer to aid you before you make your attempt .
tr	NNS	" You don 't give off lawyerly vibes . "
tr	NN	This time she picked up the letter opener and clutched it in her hand .
tr	NNS	She deposited the plates at the designated places .
tr	NNS	One yank sent the covers flying to the foot of the mattress .
tr	NN	But she 'd made that same assumption about Ezra , too .
tr	NNS	He has visions , but we could not isolate the source of the power and bring them forward .
tr	NN	" Well , all you have to do is extend the bench all the way across the alcove .
tr	NNS	I am memorising some spells too .
tr	NN	Just tell the clerk you 're with me now . "
tr	NN	" At least you can escape the noose , Mat . "
tr	NNS	Gabriel 's fingers traced the folds of his wife 's silk dress in a motion the Prince found both inappropriate and erotic .
tr	NN	She grabbed a menu and walked into the crowded dining area .
tr	NNS	My mind quickly inventoried my pockets .
tr	NNS	" I 'll pay you five thousand dollars for two weeks of your time . "
tr	NNS	While Eva , Logan , and I selected a carriage immediately inside the building , Jacob roused some servants and ordered them to prepare the vehicle .
tr	NN	The drastic change in velocity had the expected effect .
tr	NNS	He always gave me the creeps .
tr	NNS	Of which , a divinely created universe actually has less new assumptions , even when you factor in that God 's existence also defies human explanation . "
tr	NN	She 'd worn a pink blouse , the color bringing out the natural flush of her skin .
tr	NN	We 'll leave the villa in two hours . "
tr	NNS	Stacy hooked his thumbs in his belt .
tr	NNS	" Designated drivers . "
tr	NN	She writhed on the floor and howled , the noise a keening that was simultaneously desperate and furious .
tr	NNS	Have you even read the sex pamphlets you gave me all those years ? "
tr	NNS	Watching him morph into one would probably give her nightmares for months once it finally happened .
tr	NNS	They were handed several suits to try on .
tr	NNS	I found Jess first .
tr	NNS	Okay , now she was getting visions of Men in Black .
tr	NNS	He gave the usual apologies .
tr	NN	I tentatively stroke the material .
tr	NNS	The SS gave him research funds , lab space and of course the most important ingredient ... a ready supply of experimental subjects " .
tr	NNS	At the door , they dropped their packs .
tr	NN	He had a pistol pointed at the other man 's temple .
tr	NN	The two relatives exited the sanctuary as well and joined the others clustered around the bridal table in the reception area .
tr	NNS	The library still had some scientific magazines and a computer terminal so it did appear as if the folks that worked here would be back at sometime .
tr	NN	She endured the transition , and when she opened her eyes , the living world had faded to blurred , washed-out hues .
tr	NN	Voss hid his annoyance .
tr	NN	Clare unscrewed the cap on one of the bottles and swallowed some water .
tr	NNS	Jake has won awards for his research and journalism .
tr	NN	I adjust a strand of hair hanging from my ponytail .
tr	NNS	This kiss felt heavenly , appropriate thought Savannah .
tr	NN	Can all of the Seers jack into my head like this ? "
tr	NNS	I hate undead , they give me the creeps . '
tr	NNS	Paul then put the changes concerning the Senate on the overhead .
tr	NN	" Adam , we are doing our duty .
tr	NNS	" A tour sounds great , " I told Maximus , sitting down again .
tr	NNS	" Could you give some examples ? "
tr	NN	He was getting a first glimpse of his grandchild , and grieved for the circumstances that brought them together .
tr	NNS	" And you have House issues to deal with .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of the bridge , but we were too far away to see much .
tr	NNS	" All you do is change the floor numbers . "
tr	NNS	Johnny and his outlaws had been firing off several shots during the conversation .
tr	NN	She had the element of surprise .
tr	NNS	Winston shaded his optical sensors with both hands and perused the sky ; he saw no indication of a mech bug cloud zooming in .
tr	NNS	He parted her thighs with a soothing hand and slid himself inside her .
tr	NN	She finally found the pillow and pulled it against her chest , then sighed as her deep breathing resumed .
tr	NNS	Luckily we had our swimming suits on underneath our clothes .
tr	NNS	Afterward , Chad had made numerous attempts to ask her out a second time , but Gloria had declined repeatedly .
tr	NNS	You 're running operations with too little funding , and you 're paying the price in failed missions .
tr	NNS	A little group of old ladies were there bearing casserole dishes .
tr	NNS	Franklin and Greg got big hugs too .
tr	NNS	As surprised as I was at this unexpected summoning , I couldn 't help but scan our surroundings once again , nostalgia seizing my emotions .
tr	NNS	To him , tempting death was tasting the fruits of life .
tr	NNS	As expected , the no signal symbol still mocked his attempts to communicate with the world .
tr	NN	" You would compound your folly by trying to send our men across the Black Mountains ? "
tr	NNS	Doctors were currently investigating rare diseases .
tr	NNS	How on earth does he have powers ? "
tr	NNS	He always loved the trips , but was happy and ready to sleep once he got back home .
tr	NNS	" These people don 't like surprises , or one another for that matter . "
tr	NN	It brought a lump to my throat .
tr	NN	I got ice cream and extra beer . "
tr	NNS	Too many open tunnels and no one to stand in their way .
tr	NN	Sawyer felt an unaccustomed prick .
tr	NN	When she tosses her mane , the bells he 's braided in her mane ring a discordant chord .
tr	NNS	And missed all her classes .
tr	NNS	You aren 't carting off the extra ingredients simply to make sure they return to righteous Alchemist hands . "
tr	NN	Whistling softly , he wrapped the towel around his waist and headed for the steamy mirror .
tr	NNS	Especially since , the guy 's installed the lamps . "
tr	NNS	They usually set up automatic payments . "
tr	NNS	Ernie gives them directions , but it 's confusing .
tr	NN	We could teach Remington Turner Ball III the lesson of his life . "
tr	NNS	Understanding filters in and I can see why he 's so angry .
tr	NN	I adjusted my vest , pulled the canvas straps , and snapped the buckle around my waist .
tr	NN	" I 'd never seen much jewelry in my life .
tr	NNS	Maybe set your fears at rest over this .
tr	NNS	" Vampires have many supernatural powers . "
tr	NN	After we got out of the rain , I gave him a brief summary of what happened , adding , " I 'm okay now .
tr	NNS	' Maybe our mind interprets those signals based on intuition or something locked into our physic or within our genes .
tr	NNS	You 're scoring quite a few points , Biker Boy .
tr	NNS	Looking ahead , I saw three more cop cars parked bumper to bumper , spanning both lanes , about four blocks away .
tr	NNS	" I don 't like surprises or not knowing things . "
tr	NNS	" Yes , because every member would have four members that they contact .
tr	NNS	She muttered something wordless , hoping to continue her impression of a drunk .
tr	NN	Why didn 't I take responsibility for what I 'd done ?
tr	NN	Baker directs traffic as they stack the twenty-four cartons up next to the table where the jury has a good view of them .
tr	NN	He grabbed Stewart 's file from one of his officers and jumped in an unmarked police cruiser pulling onto Alban Road .
tr	NN	As her steps carried her slowly back to the house , Sarah offered a prayer that begged for guidance .
tr	NN	Reluctantly , she released the curtain .
tr	NNS	Impatient , she tugged off his briefs and forgot about Linda 's warning about condoms .
tr	NNS	Now that they finally had a decent Liaison , they were getting more deliveries .
tr	NN	The fact that her father was in the crosshairs of this warrior 's wrath put a knot in Corinne 's gut .
tr	NN	" You have much faith in me . "
tr	NN	Aquarius adjusted a dial and nodded his head .
tr	NNS	" This place gives me the creeps is all . "
tr	NNS	We were sitting ducks .
tr	NN	It needed immense and daily physical as well as mental investment , very cautious emotional nurturing and great intuition to keep the relationship fresh and tender .
tr	NN	No one hogged the mic .
tr	NN	Inspecting them , I rubbed the wearing paint between my fingers .
tr	NN	She gave him a scowl .
tr	NNS	Follow the bread crumbs .
tr	NNS	I don 't want your ghosts showing up moaning about how I didn 't warn you .
tr	NNS	She visited the hospitals which would be affected by the strike and got reactions from some patients : some supportive , some critical .
tr	NNS	Madeline doesn 't give many interviews , but I can get you an exclusive , one-on-one with the senator 's wife . "
tr	NNS	Mr. Tilden has connections there and will make the necessary arrangements .
tr	NN	He also possessed a thick black beard and long black hair that hung down his back in multiple braids .
tr	NN	He offered a timid smirk , to which I replied with a pout .
tr	NN	Get off your butt and let 's work off some of that trace . "
tr	NN	The three men entered the mammoth aircraft and were introduced to the pilots going over flight checks in the cockpit .
tr	NNS	But she wore the same intricate braids and heavy strands of beads snaking around her neck in both life and death .
tr	NN	She couldn 't remember the castle she 'd grown up in , and the long journey to this place .
tr	NNS	Buckhannon got two females out of it ; a father and a mate had known .
tr	NNS	" I picked up some chocolates for you Ladies . "
tr	NN	He took a gold money clip full of francs out of his pocket -- with the hundreds on top -- and started peeling off bills .
tr	NNS	Trey and Marcus 's associate bound up all the Alchemists , and Marcus himself collected all the weapons he could find .
tr	NN	" I have given consideration to your reasons for desiring properly prepared implements for the dinner ritual . "
tr	NNS	Aunt Maya bound her ribs and sat at her bedside for days .
tr	NN	If I don 't tell her , what harm is it doing ?
tr	NNS	Do you remember the specifics of it ?
tr	NN	' You 've had a glimpse of what it might have been like ? '
tr	NN	She broached the topic as gently as she could with Mikey .
tr	NNS	The vivid blue of his eyes assailed her senses .
tr	NN	He gives a one-shoulder shrug .
tr	NN	Peter Beresford had subsequently acquired his fortune , and had been in prime position to take advantage of the riot culture .
tr	NN	Even I could read the jealousy in Trey 's features .
tr	NNS	" Why do I need two pairs of the same shoes ? "
tr	NN	" What the fuck are you talking about ?
tr	NNS	" I saw the tracks .
tr	NNS	With her medical background , she was assisting the surgeons and doctors , while keeping Painter updated on status reports and abreast of any problems .
tr	NNS	It advanced on Isabelle , its two mouths gaping , talons slashing toward her face .
tr	NN	With batons high , they began their descent to the truck .
tr	NNS	They take tiny little bites out of you .
tr	NNS	The wood shaft was broken just a few inches below the metal part .
tr	NNS	As the sun began to set , I heard cries , high-pitched wails .
tr	NNS	I notice the numbers on her wrist as she traces her hand across my eyes .
tr	NN	And don 't let anybody in . "
tr	NN	Before anyone else , Howard had seen the potential for the world 's most advanced sex toy .
tr	NN	I groan and resist the urge to bolt through a side door .
tr	NNS	She set the plates down in the deep , basin sink built into the center island .
tr	NN	His palm slowly slid up her spine and cupped the back of her head .
tr	NN	I have no tangible proof of its truth .
tr	NNS	Her breathing quickens and her voice comes out shockingly unsteady for someone who has sex so much .
tr	NN	I rocketed over the steep hill and felt a burning sensation in my thighs and calves .
tr	NNS	The birds must have seen their reflections in the glass . "
tr	NNS	Holly and Rex have their own issues to sort out now .
tr	NN	They went up a broad stone staircase and through the pair of massive doors at its top .
tr	NN	I picked up a clump of sand and threw it out beyond the waves .
tr	NNS	Some , though , some had dormant , undetectable systems still functioning .
tr	NNS	Not daring to swat them away , he endured their tickling attentions and their tiny , vicious bites .
tr	NNS	" You 're blowing my illusions out of the water , first the car , now this . "
tr	NN	I will send you a file that will include what you will need to examine .
tr	NNS	I 've seen incredible wonders and spectacular beauty . "
tr	NN	The words made Sam snicker , and Mortimer noted the glare Grant turned on her as she peered around his arm .
tr	NN	And how do you know Morse code ? "
tr	NNS	The mantel had a few candles on it , which I thought was overkill .
tr	NN	Mike must have heard the horn and had come out of the house .
tr	NN	He held the receiver out at arm 's length .
tr	NNS	I can 't find any cameras , though .
tr	NNS	" But Aric and Helga have sons , too .
tr	NN	When he stepped back into the room she 'd stripped the comforter from the bed and placed it on the dirty chair .
tr	NN	I picked up the second glass frame and stared at the picture of my mom by herself , taken a few months before her murder .
tr	NN	" It made an impression . "
tr	NN	But as I looked across the echoing chamber of the court , I saw no pity in those eyes .
tr	NNS	It took Shane three trips to the blue recycling dumpster to dispose of all the bags .
tr	NN	He recognized her jewelry as something purchased from the open-air markets , and was instantly dismayed by this knowledge .
tr	NN	From the sound of the change ringing inside , the girls had quite the college fund going .
tr	NN	" You can forget loyalty .
tr	NNS	He stopped the Bronco thirty yards back .
tr	NNS	Four circles , five , and she let out a hiss and flung the hook and the line across the distance to the roof .
tr	NNS	She scanned the sidewalks again looking for her MIA friend .
tr	NN	She hopped away from the silver and wiped her hand up and down her apron .
tr	NN	Katharine Graham and her Washington Post had destroyed a president .
tr	NN	At last , I reached the chimney .
tr	NN	We would need a fake ID , or the ID of one of the workers , to make it inside .
tr	NNS	I was handing the band their beers , when Evan noticed my fog .
tr	NN	She let out a whoop of joy .
tr	NNS	" Nick , meet my two companions .
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat .
tr	NN	Bethany threw her pillow at Gina and she narrowly missed it .
tr	NNS	The moment he had the first strange dream , a waking dream , he should have renewed his efforts to find her .
tr	NNS	We will send millions of souls into the flux .
tr	NNS	And they broke Randolph 's ribs .
tr	NN	We climbed up the ridge from there , where Juarez was waiting for us .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Ferguson flat lines and I make the arrangements , but am surprised Jackson hasn 't called .
tr	NNS	Rob had installed large chalkboard panels behind the counter where Fila could put up a menu and specials .
tr	NN	More guards helped the guests alight by picking up fans and gloves and long skirts .
tr	NNS	When my fury subsided , I gathered his supplies and added them to mine .
tr	NN	Miranda dropped her juice and it splattered to the floor .
tr	NN	" It makes the adrenalin flow so that you can swim that much faster and longer and endure that much more .
tr	NNS	And we have shields .
tr	NN	" Which version did you believe ? "
tr	NNS	That could also explain his quietness after he had spoken with Roxie .
tr	NNS	At least , they saw no islands .
tr	NN	While she heated up the pasta , he sneaked a reggae CD into the stereo , but didn 't push Play .
tr	NN	While Diego dislodged it , Jordan slung her needled whip at him .
tr	NN	" You got a search warrant ? "
tr	NNS	I can 't call up ghosts or create another moon or make rocks bleed .
tr	NN	You can build up a certain immunity to alcohol but you cannot build up an immunity to want alcohol .
tr	NN	He knew that sensation .
tr	NNS	I didn 't enjoy meetings , but I was ready to do something more than stare at my computer screen .
tr	NNS	They 'd performed some minor spells on me to relieve bruising and had sworn there was no injury to the twins .
tr	NN	His angry words produced the desired impression , Pasha got frightened and mumbled uncertainly , " Guys ... What are you talking about ... Ganymede ?
tr	NN	He finished his painting just before dawn and left the paint cans by Ron 's door as a hint .
tr	NNS	" She likes butterflies . "
tr	NN	After that diatribe about smart people , he drops modern-day technology onto the ground outside of the office of one of the smartest men on earth .
tr	NN	Someday , more people are either on off or leave , it affects quality .
tr	NN	" These pools contain acid that would dissolve you down to your bones in the matter of seconds , but nicely exfoliate some demon skins .
tr	NNS	I deserve a thousand bucks for that name .
tr	NNS	She favored the desert gods .
tr	NNS	" Fergus , you remember the first few ships in ?
tr	NNS	Not to destroy the elder gods , but to destroy the gods .
tr	NNS	I compare my classes with the ones Gage is registered for .
tr	NN	Alex palmed a cluster of grapes , fingered them gently .
tr	NNS	She kicked cushions out of her way and set a metal tray on the table , pouring teacups full of steaming brew for her guests .
tr	NN	I found a small mermaid statue and bought it for Evan as a joke .
tr	NNS	After all , he roamed the seas around Britain and France ; ninjas belonged in the straits of Japan , halfway round the world .
tr	NN	Then , I view the row of girls .
tr	NN	But silencing a word doesn 't eliminate its meaning .
tr	NN	Chapter Eight Cain held back a growl .
tr	NNS	" Seven Sisters -- how did it get its name ?
tr	NNS	They gave me three thousand dollars , Natalie .
tr	NNS	They 've got the contacts , and they 'll be able to trace stuff through their known networks .
tr	NNS	" You can 't teach an old dog new tricks . "
tr	NNS	In one moment of careless passion , he had sown the seeds of both their destruction .
tr	NNS	We had designed the new engines so they could be installed on most of our existing ships . "
tr	NNS	She 's still wearing the yellow sundress that Ruby put on her earlier , and she is embarrassed .
tr	NNS	When I was a young man I had aspirations to write books .
tr	NN	He reaches out one hand and touches the clasp that pins my cloak at my neck .
tr	NNS	Maybe he just wants his twenty dollars back .
tr	NN	He offered her the bunk .
tr	NN	His casual tone contradicted his unease .
tr	NN	Pandora took back the magazine , reading aloud .
tr	NNS	" They wanted supplies , travelers they said . "
tr	NN	He had no other goal .
tr	NN	" Get outside , pal , or I 'll put you down right here . "
tr	NNS	Then she eased the covers aside and rose from the bed .
tr	NN	" Mr. Brainerd , the contractor here at the quarry .
tr	NN	She pushed aside a strand of frizzy hair from Haven 's face and smiled .
tr	NN	She released his c * ck from his jeans , and her mouth watered .
tr	NNS	He cracked jokes and turned me laughingstock in front of everybody .
tr	NN	Abandon all resistance . "
tr	NN	" Speaking of , I have a souvenir .
tr	NNS	He noticed a few late stragglers , but most of the kids were already indoors by the time they entered the school .
tr	NN	As on the plains , she had little furniture .
tr	NN	' Get a wagon instead , father .
tr	NNS	" Zoom and record all floor elements at current location . "
tr	NNS	It cost me only seven dollars , so no one could question my fiscal responsibility .
tr	NN	Miss Perfect has a long-standing claim to Dante .
tr	NNS	Ezra returned , breathless from exertion .
tr	NNS	Some of them wore Pressure suits , others wore Atmosphere suits .
tr	NNS	Few magicians advertise their abilities .
tr	NN	He closed the file and sat back in his old leather chair , which creaked and groaned .
tr	NNS	As he climbed , the dust left marks on his clothes .
tr	NN	Beyond , in the distance , she could see a farmhouse with a faint light in one of its windows .
tr	NNS	I must have twenty bites just from that time we spent in the grass . "
tr	NNS	" We have missiles " one of the others said .
tr	NNS	She felt his fangs along her collarbone , and then at her neck .
tr	NNS	I gave him the thumbs up , and he grinned , rubbing the back of his neck .
tr	NN	" Cut the crap .
tr	NNS	" So they don 't like new metals . "
tr	NN	I swing the bat .
tr	NNS	" He and his friends gave me directions . "
tr	NN	He shoved the square package into his front jeans pocket .
tr	NNS	Ashe stuck his dishes inside the dishwasher before following Winkler upstairs .
tr	NN	" These 'll sell , " Pink held up a handful of the plastic jewelry .
tr	NNS	He took some deep breaths , trying to bring his emotions under control .
tr	NNS	" Come and see the tunnels ! "
tr	NN	He had resisted the urge to go over and sit beside Alyssa .
tr	NNS	The enemy is receiving reinforcements daily and will no doubt increase to three or four thousand in four or five days .
tr	NN	I take another tool and set to work on the other wall .
tr	NNS	" Boy , I 've seen pissed-off grizzly bears with better attitudes than yours . "
tr	NNS	They had no temples , mansions or castles and if they had they certainly wouldn 't have wasted valuable resources decorating them .
tr	NN	The teacher cleared his throat to get the students ' attention , then resumed his lesson .
tr	NN	And tonight ... tonight he 'd witnessed stark terror .
tr	NNS	I can teach you my methods .
tr	NNS	" I 'll give you twenty bucks for whatever is inside ! "
tr	NN	" How 'd you get a Sunday edition already ? "
tr	NN	Romano had learned the drug trade from the best , spending 15 years with the CALI cocaine cartel in Mexico .
tr	NN	It was on its feet within a fraction of a second , facing off against me with al the fury of something possessed .
tr	NN	You used the paper airplane !
tr	NN	" We have proof that you raped Sarah Ellen . "
tr	NNS	Alongside them strolled large self-important and stunningly beautiful birds like the fire bird in the fairy tales .
tr	NN	But Malcolm was using a remote server .
tr	NN	We have the responsibility for raising you . "
tr	NNS	Yet if he could persuade her to accept the Dark Gift , they could have centuries together instead of the few short years allotted to mankind .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his thumbs against each tight bud .
tr	NNS	As they walked , Carlton talked specifics about his prosecution for the case , not a topic that interested Kellen in any way .
tr	NN	He undid the clasp .
tr	NNS	He gave her a thumbs up , following the rest of the group into the buffet restaurant .
tr	NNS	I would have paid someone a million bucks to not have to walk through that door .
tr	NNS	" Don 't be planning any trips out of town , Miss Campbell . "
tr	NNS	I 'd never lost my senses like that before and I was both mortified and furious with myself .
tr	NN	She would heed Dr Godfrey 's advice and take life as it came .
tr	NN	I 've never ridden a motorcycle before . "
tr	NN	He entered his password and then pulled up his digital secret weapon .
tr	NNS	Teddy 's spoon hovered a few inches from his mouth .
tr	NNS	She had put doubts in Chris 's mind and challenged his loyalty towards Chris .
tr	NNS	Vimes took several slow breaths .
tr	NN	Stu held up the napkin Johnny had left .
tr	NN	When you come to New Orleans , you and Bill can repeat the experiment . "
tr	NNS	" I keep those cards for gifts . "
tr	NN	" We have a higher fatality rate than Colony , did you know that ? "
tr	NNS	With wet hands , mix all ingredients .
tr	NN	Shay sent up a silent prayer .
tr	NN	" Seems they 've got a largish contingent of guards on standby downstairs . "
tr	NN	I wore my best-looking workout outfit knowing I would run into Scott .
tr	NN	Colin created a safety net , one that would be available for only a short time .
tr	NNS	" Or those two adults and a third , unknown person . "
tr	NN	' Can we get a nurse over here ?
tr	NN	While the drawer was still open , I plucked out a fork and headed for the small table .
tr	NN	Not a voice , just a stirring , like cloth on rock , and then a sigh .
tr	NNS	The editor was making indirect remarks on him and he was shocked that the sales head had clearly shifted his loyalties to his rival .
tr	NNS	Mack restored the levers , slowing the Wind Breaker lest they follow the ship into the toxic stuff .
tr	NN	Someone behind me pulled my ponytail , wrenching back my head with a hot flush of pain that spilled down my neck like boiling water .
tr	NNS	Baron Samael grimly concentrated the spells building forces , bidding them into being and waited .
tr	NNS	At once she felt the stillness in Nicolae , his wariness , his watchfulness .
tr	NN	She took the responsibility to guard the Word very seriously .
tr	NNS	The discovery of the world of genealogy finally generated several trips to find new branches on the family tree .
tr	NNS	his voice thundered though the halls of the large and lonely house , that had suddenly ceased to be a home .
tr	NNS	" Asshole would be cleaning toilets if it weren 't for me .
tr	NNS	Winding roads , beautiful greenery , squirrels and rabbits ... and then , finally , the road opened into a massive estate .
tr	NN	He pulled open his top right desk drawer and grabbed the aspirin bottle .
tr	NN	He bit back his annoyance .
tr	NN	I rub my temple , trying to fight off the headache I feel coming on .
tr	NNS	It was early enough in the season , she shouldn 't have trouble finding accommodations .
tr	NN	Thank god he 'd left , before she had the chance to throw herself at him .
tr	NNS	To sink her fangs into him and taste the werewolf .
tr	NN	Christian saw my unease .
tr	NNS	Really , you can never know what would make another person happy , you just can 't read their vibes .
tr	NNS	She was still taking deep breaths , shaken .
tr	NN	And I 'm wearing a red evening gown .
tr	NN	Emma tapped her foot impatiently against the floor and Rina realized she was being chastised .
tr	NNS	For the first project , President Davis allocated $ 50 million dollars to renovate 2,000 new homes on the Westside .
tr	NN	Could you get any more cliché ? "
tr	NN	I have a bath after Brax calms me down .
tr	NNS	" I got extras . "
tr	NNS	Screenshot consultancy services intakes 150 students from our campus each year .
tr	NNS	Loyal servants , and most amusing when I set them loose on a human .
tr	NN	I 'll send your Ladies to you .
tr	NN	" A friend of mine owns the complex , and he said if your credit rating 's okay , he 'd be willing to waive that . "
tr	NN	I changed the topic of conversation for him and this is how he repays me ?
tr	NN	I have a monitor set up over here with live feed from the Lodge .
tr	NNS	" But , my dear mortal , fire cannot harm the gods ... " " Well now , " said Cohen , " that depends , right ?
tr	NN	" We were just following the coordinates .
tr	NN	I 'll have your respect and your regard .
tr	NN	I slung the backpack over my shoulder and cracked open my door .
tr	NNS	" He sent them each twenty bucks . "
tr	NN	Lakin whispered fiercely , ensuring the others couldn 't hear his discontent .
tr	NN	" Any other time and I 'd think your bird was ... " He stopped again then shrugged .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness . "
tr	NN	What stops the swordsman but a warrior of the same mettle ?
tr	NNS	I grabbed her back pockets , pulled her backwards against my chest , and nibbled at her earlobe just to prove my point .
tr	NNS	" So how long have you been keeping tabs on me through my apprentice ? "
tr	NNS	He sat cross-legged , elbows resting on his big thighs , shiny blue hair falling into his face , bright silver eyes watching her close .
tr	NN	He offered me the crook of his arm , like he wanted to escort me .
tr	NNS	He could access the data anywhere in the world with an Internet connection .
tr	NN	She always enjoyed the treats her father picked up for her on peddler days .
tr	NNS	Paco held out his palms , looking up smiling .
tr	NNS	I can do some tricks .
tr	NNS	" That girl took napkins and those little wooden stir things .
tr	NN	He gave an amused little shrug .
tr	NN	" The Professor is taking a bath .
tr	NNS	He had other plans of his own , his powerful fingers grabbing the globes of my behind , kneading and caressing them .
tr	NN	She has changed this coven by bringing order to it .
tr	NNS	Blood clouded all my senses for a few seconds .
tr	NN	Trent , you don 't have an appointment anytime soon .
tr	NN	Lights from the deck and the cabin cast a soft shine on the water .
tr	NN	The journalist finally took pity on him , and directed the line of questioning elsewhere .
tr	NN	We had covered the first block before I finally realized who he was -- the cab driver from the other night .
tr	NNS	You give me a compass that tells good from bad , and boy I 'll be a soldier of the righteous truth .
tr	NN	We had a scale we used .
tr	NNS	She runs the Elizabeth 's stores .
tr	NN	He protested the treatment by first attempting to push and kick back at them .
tr	NNS	He summoned up several balls of power , and sent them into the constructions .
tr	NNS	My classmates were so still , so quiet , I could almost hear our pounding hearts . "
tr	NNS	When he had finished he filled his pockets with what he had not eaten and proceeded .
tr	NNS	A word of advice , Prince , choose your companions more carefully in the future .
tr	NN	Romulus lowered the shovel .
tr	NNS	Rock opened the pages .
tr	NN	I loved that swing .
tr	NN	She died a hero , saving my life and the life of my ... Amy . "
tr	NNS	He nearly let several single balls escape but managed to catch them and slurp them down an inch or two in front of Jonesy 's cringing face .
tr	NN	In his hands , the burden appeared less than a feather .
tr	NNS	He was drinking the last drops from the veins of a young girl when he looked down and saw it was Hana .
tr	NN	Trying to sell me back my own coke . "
tr	NNS	He had stronger medications back home , but nothing he dared bring into the States .
tr	NN	" Can I ask a big favor of you tomorrow ? "
tr	NNS	After the fish was cooked , he peeled away the layers of leaf and dried clay , and he had a delicious baked fish .
tr	NN	She parked the cart beside him and returned to her position behind the counter .
tr	NN	He takes another ice cube from the glass and pushes it inside me .
tr	NNS	In the long run we 're probably talking about billions of deaths .
tr	NNS	Well , you may call your spears , Queen .
tr	NN	' Always use protection , sucker ! '
tr	NNS	And generally speaking , they have no moral compass .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms to her face .
tr	NN	It sniffed at him once , twice , drool and blood dripping from its fangs .
tr	NNS	I searched the shelves but they had already been picked over , either by other survivors , or stripped on purpose by the aliens .
tr	NNS	Her demeanour calmed his fears and he nodded gently .
tr	NN	Instead of waiting for him , she smothered a yawn and went back to the barn , wondering where she would spend the night .
tr	NNS	He could still see her freckles .
tr	NN	Maybe we should all learn the lesson from her . "
tr	NNS	The weather kept many farm families away from town .
tr	NN	" He rides a motorcycle . "
tr	NN	I saw pure joy on his face .
tr	NNS	Once the onslaught was over , Carl and Mike took up positions at the windows , letting off rounds at any sign of movement .
tr	NN	Tuesday 21st June 1983 With little time to familiarise himself with the songs Raphael had taken the tape to his music shop .
tr	NN	She felt joy bubbling up within her .
tr	NNS	He led State 's efforts to locate him , which threw him into almost weekly contact with my mother .
tr	NN	Davis sketched a salute .
tr	NN	The gesture had the effect of cupping her behind in his hand , resulting in a rush of arousal that nearly had her sighing in pleasure .
tr	NNS	" Sign the terms of surrender and accept punishment as leader of your followers .
tr	NNS	" And I have issues stemming from losing my parents in such a traumatic way .
tr	NN	I eye her tiny frame with doubt .
tr	NN	I 've already acknowledged my debt . "
tr	NNS	She heard night noises , the croaking of frogs and the rushing of the river , with a peculiar intensity .
tr	NNS	Standing on shaky feet , Maddy said , " You have serious boundary issues . "
tr	NNS	Thank the heavens the people on the train hadn 't seen the fiasco on the platform .
tr	NNS	Even men who 'd spent most of their lives at sea had occasional bouts of the malady .
tr	NNS	He earned his stripes -- literally -- by jumping six or seven times from the top .
tr	NNS	As he drew closer , he saw little knots of people , many of them families , hurrying down the street .
tr	NNS	Four men , also with Swedish passports , cleared customs at roughly the same time . "
tr	NNS	Being gentle hadn 't stopped the dark cravings as he 'd hoped .
tr	NNS	" Although I will retain the office itself , I will hand over the day-to-day operations of the Sheriff 's office to my subordinates effective immediately .
tr	NN	" Did you slip the herb into his meal ? "
tr	NN	I was wearing a long white gown .
tr	NN	Carrot carefully lifted a small dragon out of a coffee cup .
tr	NN	She loved her identical twin , but not at this moment .
tr	NNS	Each second that passed increased our chances of losing Sandra Cheney , who was our only hope of finding England 's estate .
tr	NN	" That explains the file about me , but not about Zane . "
tr	NNS	You can move the lamps . "
tr	NN	Many a man didn 't have much patience for it .
tr	NN	You 'd make a great uncle . "
tr	NN	His power had that effect .
tr	NNS	" You mean asteroid miners ? "
tr	NNS	As if to counterbalance it , he sowed the seeds of discord and upset all their plans .
tr	NNS	Obviously she had heard the two thumps from Robert 's stick as he had only taken two steps into the room .
tr	NN	Ran up the staircase and went in the door without knocking .
tr	NN	He has an impeccable reputation in the community . "
tr	NN	" How long until we can get underway , Kalen ? "
tr	NNS	She drove the cattle along with the help of her little dog .
tr	NNS	I possess no superhuman abilities .
tr	NNS	And as he continued to lave her , he caressed her thighs with his free hand .
tr	NNS	He grabbed two spare magazines for his rifle , along with a red flare , stuffing them all into his thigh pockets .
tr	NNS	As her eyes adjusted , she spotted shelves of fungi , softly aglow , sprouting along the trunks of trees .
tr	NN	She hugged a pillow to her chest , wishing it were him .
tr	NN	I love a mortal . "
tr	NN	The thought of the brains without bodies that would navigate the void beyond the visible stars always laced her spine with a finger of ice .
tr	NN	We needed a substitute bartender , and Charles was volunteered to help us out . "
tr	NN	He contemplated the Captain 's assessment regarding the changed nature of their relationship , and then he sighed .
tr	NNS	The arguing was certainly not helping her self-esteem issues .
tr	NN	Then again , it doesn 't take a rocket scientist . "
tr	NN	" I give you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul , and my body .
tr	NN	He embarked his bicycle .
tr	NNS	Where would they grow their vegetables ? "
tr	NN	He asks my advice , for reasons I don 't quite understand .
tr	NN	Local psychiatrists recognized an indigenous depersonalization syndrome .
tr	NN	I get a sudden pang of homesickness as we veer left for the menswear .
tr	NNS	No one wanted robots around during the party , remember .
tr	NNS	Marcie is booking some interviews for me so that I can tell my side of the story .
tr	NN	" No one put a crossbow at our heads and made us thieves .
tr	NN	" You built a reputation by acting six marbles shy of a sack , and then killing your old cell mate ? "
tr	NNS	Oh , she had a dozen excuses .
tr	NNS	One perked ear twitches , eyes open a peep , then close in her wrinkled square face .
tr	NNS	Archers had established their positions along the top of the castle 's walls earlier in the day .
tr	NN	They 'd get another warrant to search for Barker 's remains , and this time they wouldn 't walk away empty-handed .
tr	NN	With some considerable reluctance , he shuffled down the bench dragging his breakfast setting with him .
tr	NN	As he spoke , he gripped my thigh , pushing it against the horse firmly .
tr	NN	Dan , at the other end of the table hastily ingested the last mouthful and defensively raised his open copy of the ' Sun ' between them .
tr	NN	" You have al the potential in the world . "
tr	NN	I see his logic so I take a seat on a fallen log ; Flynn takes his place next to me .
tr	NN	I have a sudden urge to bolt out of it and kick it onto the tracks .
tr	NNS	If she wanted to make me jealous , she was wasting her efforts .
tr	NNS	We 've seen no other vessels , apart from yours .
tr	NN	" The boy has made this uniform for himself .
tr	NNS	" Rethinking your policies ? "
tr	NNS	She didn 't recognize their uniforms , but these men were mercenaries .
tr	NNS	He had similar skills and abilities and that same calm , cool demeanor .
tr	NNS	Instead , I slipped thumbs into my belt loops and tapped fingers against my flat hips .
tr	NNS	They also cut the engines and fired the reverse thrusters , bringing the ship to a halt .
tr	NN	As he hurried up the street , the aroma coming from a restaurant entrance was making his stomach growl .
tr	NN	I felt his body stiffen in response to it happening .
tr	NNS	" Listen , we have several important clients in the southern part of the state .
tr	NN	Her shoes scrape the pavement .
tr	NNS	You can construct new spells later , but it takes time .
tr	NN	" Actually , we do double duty around here . "
tr	NN	He climbed down the block and looked into the thimble .
tr	NNS	The merchants hadn 't opened up their shops yet as Elora ambled down the center of the street .
tr	NNS	Rarely did he replenish his fallen ranks , and did so only when he found a champion worthy of the blood on one of the conquered worlds .
tr	NNS	But he was driving the icicles deeper into her heart .
tr	NNS	It still had the rappelling anchors attached where he and Leonard had climbed .
tr	NNS	The next day , she ran her errands in the morning , and went to see her grandmother mid-afternoon .
tr	NN	In his more generous moments , Sebastian almost understood Max 's intent , naive as it had been : to protect and save his family .
tr	NNS	She showed me the cards inside hers .
tr	NN	' I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NN	I feel a flutter in my stomach that appears every time I 'm around Anthony .
tr	NN	With a heavy heart and without any interruptions , Tiberius gave the same speech to Liam and Sean that he gave the others the night before .
tr	NN	Down the tunnel , the hands and arms kept digging .
tr	NN	The bar had a vintage décor with exposed brick , aged paint , and rustic palm trees .
tr	NN	Meditating , using the trance to rest his uneasy brain , he resisted delving into his fantasies .
tr	NN	Dove 's ears swivel back toward me and then prick toward the road , quivering .
tr	NNS	I pushed the engines past half speed and up to full .
tr	NNS	We turned our giggles into coughs , hoping to excuse our bad behavior under the guise of imminent tuberculosis .
tr	NNS	Todd lifted the mattress so Myra could retrieve them .
tr	NN	Lara built a skyscraper and a glamorous resort and country club in Deerfield , north of Chicago .
tr	NN	" It 's called attraction . "
tr	NN	Barry turned off his monitor , but the sound continued to wail through his speakers .
tr	NN	Connor pressed the dagger to the small cut , and the cut absorbed it .
tr	NNS	He would take no chances and that he would probably not be sent abroad .
tr	NNS	The familiar buzz stirred her senses .
tr	NNS	" And you can ... see these auras ? "
tr	NN	He anxiously spun his rocket around to rescue Nick , but he saw that he was in no danger .
tr	NNS	According to malicious people , because the latter manage the Net servers .
tr	NNS	" You didn 't notice anyone watching backstage , did you ? "
tr	NN	" Drag that by again ; boiling a frog ? "
tr	NNS	She detested the nightmares that so often plagued her sleep .
tr	NN	Maybe I can find another witch .
tr	NN	I suppress the urge , for now , as I continue to plead .
tr	NN	She loved sweet chocolate .
tr	NN	Make her apologize . "
tr	NNS	I have my doubts about men who do women 's work . "
tr	NN	Down here , you breathe two percent oxygen .
tr	NN	The gleaming sign looked brand new , and Edwin noticed the paint was still wet in places .
tr	NNS	Her brows lifted delicately .
tr	NNS	She would have no visions about Julian either , maybe some of his actions , but not Julian .
tr	NNS	They drained a few beers and approached a few ladies .
tr	NN	She hung up the towel , rubbed lotion on her legs , and went straight for his closet .
tr	NN	At least I had some mascara and eyeliner on .
tr	NNS	Z moved back a few paces to lean against the counter .
tr	NNS	Mira brushed some stray hairs from her eyes .
tr	NN	Because only he eased her torment .
tr	NN	' They 've got protection , haven 't they ? '
tr	NNS	I pick up my flip flops and Kindle and walk back up to the house with a satisfied smile on my face .
tr	NN	The young woman picked up a coffeepot and brought it over to their table .
tr	NNS	I could feel the blades starting to move , my hair whipping around my face .
tr	NNS	He walked a few paces before answering .
tr	NN	Maybe I could make my own treats .
tr	NN	A bead of sweat rolls down my spine .
tr	NN	Herman was stabilized and given oxygen .
tr	NNS	Neal painted landscapes and seascapes .
tr	NNS	She knew the mechanics .
tr	NNS	The last time Aria saw her , Mona had put a billion teensy braids in her hair and was riding her Razor scooter .
tr	NNS	The touch dragged Fellows back from the dark place he 'd gone , and his awareness slowly returned .
tr	NN	She didn 't appreciate his cocky , arrogant demeanor .
tr	NN	I hated his haughty attitude almost as much as I hated that he was right .
tr	NNS	Josie poured two cups of coffee , handing one off as she passed Archer .
tr	NNS	Before he could recover , I pulled the bricks out of the office building he used as cover , down on top of him .
tr	NNS	I felt all sorts of emotion ... in this case however , anger was dominant .
tr	NNS	I must say , you 've mastered those particular skills at least . "
tr	NN	If you see Davis coming towards the bridge , give me a shout so I can ready my shot . "
tr	NN	She grabbed a handful of paper napkins and wiped the tears off her face .
tr	NNS	The embassy man takes two pots and moves towards Melissa , waiving his hand , gesturing her to stay there .
tr	NN	She performs a spin then banks away from her pursuer .
tr	NNS	He could not see ghosts or any kind of spirit for that matter ... .
tr	NNS	Savannah had been sitting on the steps out back , wrapped in a towel , the remains of the bonfire before her .
tr	NNS	If she looked past him , she could still see the dark stains on the backseat where Alec had lain , bleeding , across Isabelle 's lap .
tr	NNS	I want folks to know me ... .
tr	NN	Knox shook out a dark quilt and draped it over my shoulders .
tr	NNS	From the stage we could make out the silhouettes of the people that had hung around to see us , backlit by the lights of the bar .
tr	NN	Save your pissing contest for a day when we don 't actually have to save the universe .
tr	NN	He nipped her earlobe , then he released her , gave Penny a nod , grabbed his jacket , and walked out of the office .
tr	NN	" I can restore your health if you let me , Rhyme .
tr	NN	Maybe the Rogues had some involvement , maybe Grey House , undoubtedly some vampire with access to the Cadogan grounds .
tr	NN	I shook my head viciously , as if I could shake the unwanted thoughts out of my brain .
tr	NNS	" If this is a pub toilet then the future definitely gets my thumbs up . "
tr	NN	Sam pulled out a pillow that she 'd been hiding behind her back .
tr	NN	He snatched the rifle and went to the railing .
tr	NNS	I made some misguided assumptions .
tr	NNS	They could see all the streaming bubbles rising from the leaks .
tr	NN	Her fingers gave only the slightest twitch .
tr	NNS	-- They will open , " she assured her allies .
tr	NNS	Nikolai often worked weekends , too , traveling to out of town games with his team .
tr	NN	" I 'll take that responsibility . "
tr	NNS	His back bore the marks of her pleasure .
tr	NNS	Giant vases in almost every corner held fresh-cut roses .
tr	NN	Her eyes roamed the spare landscape behind the wagon .
tr	NN	He felt her body tense .
tr	NNS	Remembering that , she slashed the tendons on the back of Lorcan 's ankles .
tr	NNS	Seeing him that vulnerable had torn down her defenses , made her want to protect him , if she could .
tr	NN	" Then we must thank the Mother of God that you rescued it from them before they could use it further . "
tr	NN	She studied the contrast between her leather boots and his bare feet .
tr	NNS	She knew if she asked her dad for them , he 'd just destroy the irreplaceable treasures .
tr	NN	A lightning bolt seared up my spine as I heard him downstairs , talking in a low voice .
tr	NN	Abby carried a basket with fresh bread , fried chicken , boiled potatoes , and sliced cucumbers to the small gravestone .
tr	NNS	He could see the changes in Kelly , her closeness to God and to him .
tr	NNS	" I could kiss the tiles we sit on .
tr	NN	" What truth , dear knight ? "
tr	NNS	" Sometimes we form families with people we would never expect to . "
tr	NNS	The word came out breathless and throaty , it didn 't even sound like my voice .
tr	NNS	Did the property have security cameras ?
tr	NN	Black had mentioned a trapdoor leading into the pantry .
tr	NNS	Women chasing runaway geese , men pulling donkeys laden with spring seed , and children leading sheep on their way to pasture .
tr	NNS	" Savannah , we will need candles , and the bag we brought with us from New Orleans .
tr	NN	Their efforts yielded great effect , and soon , a renaissance of entrepreneurship and hope grew among the people .
tr	NN	They had just completed a massive survey of what Father Carlo meant was the abscesses along the Creation ´ s spine .
tr	NN	She carried the kitten into the kitchen and watched as he ate its food .
tr	NN	" I never had enough credit to make it worth worrying about . "
tr	NNS	It paused menacingly a few paces inside the doorway and began licking at its mangy fur .
tr	NN	He approached his apartment block , which was crisscrossed with wire mesh walkways whose ramps zigzagged before dropping to street level .
tr	NN	" You keep those notes Zo because I had a dream about spheres last night too . "
tr	NNS	Had Nick sent up sandwiches to go with the champagne ?
tr	NN	She needs a constant supply of magic to get strong again , at least that 's what her followers told me .
tr	NNS	" I would like final reports from the members at this time .
tr	NN	" Understood , we will follow our last command and seek and destroy the enemy ! "
tr	NNS	" Get the bats out if you can ! "
tr	NNS	I won 't change the provisions of bail as long as Ms. Sheraton abides by them .
tr	NN	After some debating , I put the pencil to the paper and start drawing .
tr	NNS	Even though he was well dressed and looked professional he gave me the creeps .
tr	NNS	He wanted no surprises when he brought the others through here in the Range Rover .
tr	NN	They will be preparing the required equipment . "
tr	NN	They heard the smashing of ice behind them .
tr	NNS	Ronnie watched layers of the building float past them and felt as if he were gazing out on fantastic terrariums of human activity .
tr	NNS	" Our coats - " " Forget the coats .
tr	NNS	" Here are your pardons from the Head Mage , " Aisling said and held up the scrolls .
tr	NN	I notice another tank patrolling the area not 100 feet away , but I don 't think it sees us .
tr	NN	She didn 't want anybody snooping in her business , especially now .
tr	NN	Stuffing the last of his scrambled eggs into his mouth , he checked his wristwatch .
tr	NNS	We painted the interior , installed new floors , and purchased new furniture including the big TV and the audio system .
tr	NNS	" But Rafi showed me old photographs of war . "
tr	NNS	He 'd already shaken her defenses .
tr	NN	So they had the technology and the experience .
tr	NN	But not sure he was able to on the spur of the moment , he left the task for later .
tr	NNS	His Garden of Perpetual Peace still had Abraham 's fingerprints all over it .
tr	NN	I met Will 's concerned glare .
tr	NNS	Peering right and left across the precipice , Kate perceived the full dimensions of the phenomenon .
tr	NN	Today I have an ultrasound appointment to see our little one .
tr	NNS	Why hadn 't she followed her instincts ?
tr	NN	" Tom 's making hot cocoa . "
tr	NN	When he turned to look at his muscular companion who accompanied him on every journey , Leo saw the same resolve on his face as well .
tr	NNS	We sit and sip our coffees , making small talk before we dive into business .
tr	NN	The shuttle wouldn 't hamper other civilian aircraft , as 50,000 feet was far higher than any flew .
tr	NN	The boys had shown great potential as they both excelled in their classes , and they became fast friends .
tr	NNS	" You haven 't used those drugs before , have you ? "
tr	NN	She sat unmoving , staring straight ahead .
tr	NN	Takes her Kingdom 's welfare and her son 's welfare very personally . "
tr	NN	The stars also forecast success for you in the long run , and you will not be easily able to avoid that future either . "
tr	NN	He struck a copper dragon as tall as those doors and lived to tell the tale .
tr	NN	Bumped and jarred underneath the cart , Gray kept a hard clamp on the front board and made sure to stay clear of the heavy wheels .
tr	NN	She gripped the swing while he filled her with his large cock .
tr	NN	He takes his cap off , stuffs it in his back pocket and steps toward me .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is this ? "
tr	NN	Once again he smelled the antiseptic and a breeze whipped past him blowing his hair about .
tr	NN	Lindsey picked the Rosewood vase up off the mantle , all the while avoiding making eye contact with Autumn .
tr	NNS	" Have you ever viewed yourselves in three dimensions ?
tr	NN	He crumpled up the fortune into a pea-sized ball and dropped it into his pocket .
tr	NN	" But then I saw a video on YouTube from one of your recent concerts and I fell in love with you two ! "
tr	NN	Janelle gripped the railing as the boat lurched .
tr	NNS	Every mouth had fangs .
tr	NNS	He and Shane set the two bikers on chairs and shackled them together .
tr	NNS	I gave you exceptional credentials and superlative recommendations .
tr	NN	Once they 're in their rooms , I don 't have responsibility . "
tr	NNS	Fin dropped napkins on the table .
tr	NNS	I sought complete emptiness .
tr	NNS	Dave grabbed a few balls and tried to copy Ken 's easy tempo .
tr	NN	She grabbed a pillow from a nearby table and placed it under his head .
tr	NN	He twisted the tamper-proof lid once he found it .
tr	NNS	Heat pools between my thighs , and I squeeze them together to ease the sudden ache there .
tr	NN	Likewise , if it turns out well , you can take credit for making the right decision on your own .
tr	NN	She shook her head disapprovingly at his manners .
tr	NNS	After chow , we threw the dishes into the sink , walked to the bedroom , and got dressed .
tr	NNS	At least if she left a child alone they would only eat paste and draw on the walls .
tr	NN	Tabitha picked up a magazine and ignored the entire situation although she nervously considered when she would take off her jacket .
tr	NN	She inserted the needle into a vein in the crook of her arm and slowly pushed in the plunger .
tr	NNS	Oblivious to everyone around us , my hands gradually slide up her thighs .
tr	NNS	She didn 't like cosmos , and she had told him a hundred times that she didn 't , but he kept ordering them for her .
tr	NNS	We found road blocks just outside town keeping cars and people off the highway .
tr	NNS	He was running drugs through Yavapai County and Stutz found out . "
tr	NNS	Its fingertips were like tapering daggers .
tr	NN	Maybe she shouldn 't have brought up the article , but Hanson had asked if anything unusual had occurred .
tr	NNS	They reviewed the data and came to that conclusion this morning . "
tr	NNS	We have the natural instincts of a humanoid pilot and a Jedi Knight onboard .
tr	NN	According to the law , however , they need the compliance of the House of Lords to execute ministers of the state .
tr	NN	But Emory had the option of going to his own house if he wanted complete privacy .
tr	NN	Jacob stifled a groan .
tr	NNS	It will take us a few trips to load the boats and at least three trips with the boats to restock the ship . "
tr	NNS	He still shot daggers at her open door , so I perked on my toes and kissed his cheek .
tr	NNS	Part of her appreciated his efforts .
tr	NNS	The second floor windows had no blinds or curtains .
tr	NNS	The envelope I 'd taken from home held exactly six thousand dollars in cash .
tr	NN	" I have a memo here from our standards and practices department , Sheldon . "
tr	NNS	" At ease gentlemen .
tr	NN	An extremely elderly man in a dingy storefront had accomplished this task , wordlessly calculating , running a tongue over toothless gums .
tr	NNS	Hearing this name , Susie batted her long eyelashes in disbelief .
tr	NNS	He opened two beers and joined me on the couch .
tr	NN	She felt her shoulders slump in defeat .
tr	NN	Add the half-hour to actually get to sleep , and he 'd definitely be groggy tomorrow morning .
tr	NN	She heard the heavy crunch of boots .
tr	NNS	In fact he had many different subjects .
tr	NN	I couldn 't see my hut or much else that I could recognize .
tr	NN	" I want a bath first . "
tr	NN	Stay away from any like me , we can 't control the hunger .
tr	NN	In exchange for our cooperation , they gave us full protection from the Elders ... and a supply of human blood .
tr	NNS	By the end of the week , Clay had signed up three clients who tested positive for abnormal cells .
tr	NNS	He flashed his fangs at me and licked his lips .
tr	NNS	" You take your sisters out , and you meet your women in private .
tr	NNS	" How about if you toss a few balls at me ? "
tr	NN	I had no idea Callum and I were so loved .
tr	NNS	We 've got some clean uniforms and some food , though , so they can have a feed whilst we 're sorting things out . "
tr	NN	Having been trained as a chemist , she had an intellectual , matter-of-fact attitude , inappropriate in a mother .
tr	NNS	But they don 't dislike witches as badly as they do vampires . "
tr	NN	They did not want the supernatural spectacle to play out in front of the whole school .
tr	NN	After what seems like an eternity , she pulls the needle out and removes the vial placing them both on the silver tray .
tr	NNS	That way , any mess I get into from this point on , they 've officially cut ties with me .
tr	NNS	" So , light the torches I 'm guessing ? "
tr	NN	I swallow back the lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	" I 've got some errands in town . "
tr	NNS	Countless stars sprinkled the heavens .
tr	NNS	Could you buy some supplies , instead ? "
tr	NN	He had chosen a winter bouquet , and the burnt orange and violet colors seemed muted , almost mournful .
tr	NN	Fortunately , just as I was beginning to lose my concentration completely , Alistair finished talking - thank goodness !
tr	NNS	Lisa has been writing medieval novels since she was in high school .
tr	NN	He couldn 't have picked a better phrase .
tr	NN	He liked the solitude of the forest .
tr	NN	Nate wandered down the row , followed closely by Mike and Taylor .
tr	NNS	The local Indian tribes respected the bears , avoided them and left the bears to the environment .
tr	NNS	The rest of you can offer yourselves according to your skills . "
tr	NNS	If all sixteen stables were filled ... It was while changing out the buckets for fresh water that I noted the horseshoe hanging above the stable door .
tr	NN	He dropped the pistol to his side so the others could not see his hand shaking .
tr	NNS	Did you do drugs ?
tr	NNS	They had lost the brightness of his earlier banter .
tr	NNS	" In addition to glowing , I 've discovered other new talents .
tr	NN	He snatched the empty rifle from his lap .
tr	NN	It has the potential to be either positive or negative .
tr	NNS	When I went out to cast my charm , I called any wolves in the area .
tr	NN	The whole world will see the bankruptcy of my soul .
tr	NN	" So they set up an experiment .
tr	NNS	" I do not want apologies ! "
tr	NN	" You know nothin ' about her .
tr	NN	I 'll get a translator and call NASA 's Director .
tr	NN	I just gave up some leverage .
tr	NN	It had his style or lack thereof .
tr	NN	Wary of Anderson 's longer reach and size , Clark easily sidestepped and the larger man roared past , blindly flailing at empty air .
tr	NNS	" And Sam sometimes does errands for me . "
tr	NN	He gave her hand a squeeze and said , " My father had his pilot 's license and he liked to show off for their friends .
tr	NNS	" Could you break down the pros and cons of each ? "
tr	NN	This brought another bustle of activity .
tr	NN	The second sample , however , has the parasite in it , as does the third .
tr	NN	She turned up the hem of the skirt and ran her finger over the smooth , even stitches , each perfect in its placement .
tr	NN	Noah suddenly felt a bit awkward .
tr	NNS	Make the arrangements . "
tr	NNS	I 'll do the dishes later tonight .
tr	NNS	I had the bleachers to myself today , what with the wet and all .
tr	NNS	We 've had some pretty intense arguments . "
tr	NNS	He had discovered several Egyptian sites that had been buried for millennia , which fueled the controversy of Egypt 's origins .
tr	NNS	They would also take samples from her bone marrow at the same time to look for the abnormal cells there .
tr	NNS	We still have issues . "
tr	NNS	Haze had the short , choppy movements of a paranoid , or a former addict .
tr	NNS	He 'd attend meals and the occasional fencing practice .
tr	NN	I had her full weight resting on me with her legs wrapped around mine .
tr	NNS	" Seattle , calm my fears .
tr	NN	But I felt the ice thaw and I knew that while they didn 't necessarily trust Clay , they at least respected where he was coming from .
tr	NNS	Soldado held two small wires , one in each hand .
tr	NN	She put the woven napkin in her lap , her fingers sliding over the soft material .
tr	NNS	A small breeze swept the bottom layers of her blue dress aside for a moment before she felt steady on her feet again .
tr	NNS	He studied the tall steep slate roofs of the house .
tr	NNS	Before , dogs had sniffed the scents until they 'd disappeared eventually .
tr	NN	He capped the vial and set it in his hand-held machine .
tr	NN	He may have been expecting admiration for his business acumen .
tr	NNS	Growling , I grudgingly withdrew my fangs .
tr	NN	His hair had the same curl swung over his right eye as that morning .
tr	NN	He took possession of her breast , drawing the soft flesh into the heat of his mouth .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down my spine .
tr	NN	I found a café near the locks and huddled over my maps .
tr	NN	She had a flying toddler at home and needed her sleep .
tr	NNS	He didn 't see any knives on Ava , but that didn 't mean there wasn 't one .
tr	NNS	" If you 're going to court me , Detective , I like roses .
tr	NN	" Wow , the other chicks overlooked a real gem !
tr	NNS	She just needed actions not words .
tr	NN	" You enter my castle , disobey orders and insult my hospitality in my own home ! "
tr	NN	Wilson said their higher brain function was compromised . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , Mademoiselle , she 's a Turk - she recently followed me to France , from Martinique . "
tr	NNS	" Well , stewed octopus , for one . "
tr	NNS	She could feel his male hardness pressing against her body .
tr	NNS	He passed her several yards before they reached the trees .
tr	NN	He lifted a strand of her hair and caressed it between two fingers .
tr	NNS	Friends and family lined the halls between the stage door and the dressing rooms .
tr	NN	The radiation signature from samples in his lungs matched the specific isotope content of the uranium and plutonium used at Chernobyl .
tr	NNS	The soldiers closed up ranks with their weapons drawn .
tr	NN	She got off the toy she drove and walked softly on the frozen water , taking pictures with each new step .
tr	NNS	" To make the arrangements ?
tr	NNS	He 's lost two sons and Karen . "
tr	NN	Behind the camera , I give him a thumbs-up .
tr	NN	He holds his cock and strokes me a few times before drawing back and sliding inside me .
tr	NN	He shrugged and took the piano bench , his eyes shining eagerly .
tr	NN	" I was following a hunch . "
tr	NN	Then I heard a " hmm . "
tr	NNS	Her mother always chose plain , masculine items for Dale , and elegant , classy things for herself .
tr	NNS	Not quite sure where he was coming from or what his exact beef might be , Ruth made some quick mental assumptions .
tr	NN	" I do love our playful banter . "
tr	NNS	I 've never done drugs .
tr	NN	Bored at the always threatening tone of Vladimir , Sasha snagged an Asian pear from a fruit basket and rubbed it on his shirt .
tr	NN	I would no doubt find her a tasty morsel . "
tr	NNS	Mitch currently owned two suits , and he was wearing one of them .
tr	NN	Taking two steps toward her husband , she slowly removed the sheer black dressing gown .
tr	NN	I hugged my Michelle .
tr	NN	" That is not necessary your majesty . "
tr	NNS	Lara was studying the latest reports .
tr	NN	Please coordinate the timing and be ready to receive .
tr	NNS	I can 't take any chances with Cesare . "
tr	NN	My former hound bounds down the hill towards me .
tr	NNS	" I have outside interests .
tr	NN	Take away the lure of riches and you removed all motivation .
tr	NN	These damn things give a whole new meaning to the expression ' freezing your buns off . ' "
tr	NN	To further support this author , please post a review after you finish reading this book .
tr	NNS	You don 't need drugs , Spence .
tr	NN	Returning to the garage , she picked up the carrier , closed the garage door , and went inside .
tr	NNS	Being rich , handsome and coming from a noble family certainly had benefits for Hafiz .
tr	NNS	Right now , we don 't have the numbers to face the horde , but someday ... " I trailed off , my meaning plain .
tr	NN	Thinking of Ash sent a flutter through my stomach , reminding me how much had changed .
tr	NNS	She didn 't even try and explain the dirt stains on her dress when they came back to the Keep .
tr	NNS	I 'll have three points of reference across 80km .
tr	NNS	Pirates sail the seas , take over boats , rob people , and take hostages . "
tr	NNS	" I hate bats . "
tr	NN	He had great potential . "
tr	NNS	" No , unleashing your instincts . "
tr	NNS	Literally , I can see bits of it swirling behind them .
tr	NN	Matthew could hardly believe the possibility of working in a circus .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , Mrs. Clark .
tr	NNS	As he had pushed her face to the side during the rape , his fingertips had touched the delicate folds of flesh over her eyes .
tr	NN	He straightened the bear sculpture on her coffee table .
tr	NN	As the water caressed her most sensitive area , she felt her orgasm building , felt release nearing .
tr	NNS	They smelled hamburgers cooking over grill containing smoldering wood , imbuing a bacon flavor into the burgers .
tr	NNS	A spa and salon owner , Peter Miller still made special trips out for his best client .
tr	NN	Star drank the hot liquid from the cup .
tr	NNS	I just lost twenty bucks . "
tr	NNS	Okay , Christie could understand his fears ; still , that didn 't justify the way he 'd abandoned her .
tr	NN	If they could get across the river , they might reach Potter 's Place in another day or two .
tr	NN	Never in ten years had they ever had an argument , let alone having a reason to lie to each other .
tr	NNS	Laura quickly opened the drapes covering the wall of windows , then the windows themselves .
tr	NN	I mean , I can 't tell you everything because there 's ... well ... the possibility that some of it might be illegal . "
tr	NN	He hit the pavement with a grunt , for the second time within the space of a few minutes .
tr	NN	He 'd never seen anyone 's ribcage so obviously or badly broken .
tr	NNS	Although I have my suspicions . "
tr	NNS	" You don 't read cards . "
tr	NN	What harm was a little kissing on the staircase ?
tr	NN	asked the unit clerk , who was clearly intimidated .
tr	NN	I had gained no proof through my adventure .
tr	NN	I 'll have orange juice -- freshly squeezed , of course -- dark toast , scrambled eggs .
tr	NNS	Even before meeting Holly , Gia had doubts if she could tell her about Stefan .
tr	NNS	He would slide his palms upward , feel the heat of her entrance before widening her stance , wanting her legs open to him .
tr	NNS	They know all sorts of things .
tr	NNS	A job , even if it was only a temporary part-time , would extend my financial reserves , too .
tr	NN	She held up the cloth .
tr	NNS	I got skills . "
tr	NN	It fit Larry 's style perfectly . "
tr	NNS	" We estimate their cognitive abilities at even less than a newborn infant .
tr	NN	His gray eyes heated to pools of liquid silver and his tongue made a small sweep across his bottom lip .
tr	NN	What will you call a star after this , if the need arise ? "
tr	NN	She felt a gnawing acid in her stomach , and her lip curled .
tr	NNS	I closed all the blinds and desperately hoped the day would pass quickly .
tr	NNS	I clenched my jaws tight as my breathing became harder and harder to control .
tr	NNS	I miss our jamming sessions immensely .
tr	NNS	I didn 't make offers to him . "
tr	NNS	She wiped damp palms on her jeans .
tr	NNS	" Plus we have suffered no losses .
tr	NN	I 'll see a shrink in Laramie .
tr	NNS	I 've got Avery 's directions memorized , so Ell you listen to Felix 's and we will get going . "
tr	NNS	" Particularly particle physics .
tr	NN	She knew more about mundane technology than they did .
tr	NN	Gate seized a paper towel and wiped Tucker 's nose .
tr	NNS	" But if they took the rich man 's plates , he could get more plates . "
tr	NN	But now they had another duty : to protect this woman and discover what they had stumbled into .
tr	NN	Micah took a swing at me , like he thought I 'd be distracted by Riley 's voice .
tr	NNS	She cut off his objections by adding , " I know this . "
tr	NNS	Please make yourselves at home .
tr	NNS	Jules had jumped the tracks , so to speak .
tr	NN	As he went , he could not shake his encounter with Argon .
tr	NNS	By harnessing your powers of belief and intention and letting your vibration rise to meet this version of reality . '
tr	NNS	He had advanced weaponry but very crude defenses .
tr	NN	Gently he captured one nipple between his teeth , chuckling softly as she cried out in delight .
tr	NN	Sitting up , I opened my closet and pulled out dry jeans and a dirty , though not wet , long sleeve .
tr	NNS	The moment that she had longed for , dreamed about was now enthralling her senses .
tr	NN	As if sensing that she was needed , Nurse Laurie opens the curtain and comes to my side .
tr	NNS	A few moments later she was leading her companions down the hall .
tr	NN	As I went in , I saw the bird flying all over the living room .
tr	NN	" You drive a hard bargain , Miss Rossi . "
tr	NN	' Join our star , ' we will say . "
tr	NNS	Lizzie felt the hairs rising on the back of her neck .
tr	NNS	The rest of the crew at his table supported his actions with snickers of their own , slapping hands and trading jollies .
tr	NNS	" Enough blood , " Jacques whispered hoarsely as he lit the scented candles and began another low chant .
tr	NN	She carefully folded a black gown .
tr	NNS	They 'll cure diseases ; they 'll end ailments ; they 'll change you .
tr	NNS	In high school , the teachers shackled their students to their desks and fretted over every insignificant detail about the students ' lives .
tr	NNS	He bows then swings towards the stairs .
tr	NNS	They often forgot Odysseus , and forgot Ithaca , but when they were reminded they admitted that he was shrewd .
tr	NNS	" You 'd better have your ducks in a row , Clay .
tr	NNS	" I have no extra funds ! "
tr	NN	" We do not need the morning star to lighten Christmas .
tr	NNS	We 'll try out new methods of memory transfer and such on them .
tr	NNS	He studied his cards and then wagered .
tr	NN	bellowed the other worker , and the slow motion speeded up into a sequence too swift for me to replay afterward .
tr	NN	I felt a pang of guilt even as I sensed the imminent showcase of nature 's death squad .
tr	NNS	I have eight scientists on board eagerly waiting to drop their stuff in the water one of them is my wife .
tr	NNS	He tested the knots on the lines .
tr	NN	He released the hilt and moved away from his father .
tr	NNS	Josh checked both mirrors to make sure the furniture wasn 't going anywhere as he accelerated and didn 't answer .
tr	NNS	Holding the mostly empty bag in front of him , he 'd eye the crumbs , his eyes bulging .
tr	NNS	But whilst I do so , if you don 't mind , Irene , would you make certain your companions sample the truffles ?
tr	NN	Might put a little NIL in her tank . "
tr	NNS	The truck 's headlights catch tire tracks and prairie grass and insects weaving back and forth .
tr	NNS	Removed from the castle 's area , we find other lands that are filled with beautiful imposing trees that seem to stretch forever towards the sun .
tr	NNS	What if he has abilities we don 't know about ? "
tr	NNS	I even take online classes through the university nearby because some of the high school coursework isn 't challenging enough for me .
tr	NNS	The fact there were four young women showing a lot of leg probably didn 't hurt their chances to win .
tr	NN	General G. opened the file and took out a large envelope containing photographs which he emptied on to the glass surface of the desk .
tr	NNS	The gunslinger asked remotely .
tr	NNS	" She had misjudged the Baka brothers ' reactions to the curse .
tr	NN	I hear my mother shout from the bottom of the stairs .
tr	NN	At the canter , the four lines performed an intricate drill .
tr	NN	And how does one stop a witch from not having all her power ?
tr	NN	Alex fought the urge to drive over and barge into the house .
tr	NN	What password would he choose ?
tr	NNS	It allows medical workers a glimpse into how a person 's body is working " George said .
tr	NN	" And then I forced a mating on you when you were in no condition to make such a decision . "
tr	NN	She took an involuntary step backwards and he smiled again .
tr	NNS	Eric took measures to beat off new mental attacks , but it wasn 't enough .
tr	NN	She drove the bubble sideways , making sure they didn 't fall back down into the hole once the bubble popped .
tr	NNS	" So how do you usually spend your weekends ? "
tr	NNS	Like for when you fall off buildings . "
tr	NNS	In one quick move , Taylor and I threw fireballs at the house until the windows were blown out .
tr	NN	Fin heard her sniffle and knew she did her best to hide her tears .
tr	NNS	A big name like you would bring the crowds .
tr	NNS	An explosion engulfed his insides as rage roared through him and he seized upon it to ride it upwards .
tr	NN	I got the impression she was terrified of something or somebody .
tr	NNS	" We were getting tired of the same old Homecoming themes .
tr	NN	Historia was quickly losing her patience .
tr	NNS	It felt lighter and for some reason warmer .
tr	NN	" He has all the proof he needs , right here . "
tr	NN	He cracked his knuckles and began up the wall .
tr	NNS	The fishy scents from the bag made her nauseous .
tr	NNS	" Without the mirrors . "
tr	NNS	She kicked the slippers she first saw as she entered her room .
tr	NNS	But as I said , he 's been demanding reports and implementing ideas so fast everyone 's head is spinning .
tr	NN	He 'd put her on the list , she echoed to herself now , her stomach knotting .
tr	NN	After three such exchanges , he cursed and threw the bat aside , then slumped in his chair .
tr	NN	It requires psychiatric treatment over long periods .
tr	NN	A bolt of panic shot up my spine .
tr	NNS	The soot from the fires at the Armory had left stains across his face and his uniform , which had not been too clean to begin with .
tr	NN	At Getty 's , delivering pizza ! "
tr	NNS	I ran my broken talons over the brown hilt , tracing down to the pommel , our recent peril forgotten .
tr	NNS	Helen placed the candles around the room , and Simon lit them with a wave of his hand .
tr	NNS	" You don 't know our dear , Reid .
tr	NNS	I haven 't seen any reports for months . "
tr	NNS	" People were throwing coins into them for years , decades , even centuries .
tr	NNS	Hardly contemptible motives . "
tr	NN	Then she picked up a red pen and scrawled her resignation across the face of the report she had been working on for Aaron .
tr	NN	I had the victim mentality down to an art form .
tr	NNS	I would read philosophical texts under the black walnut tree in the front yard , smelling the breeze off the lake .
tr	NN	" You 're taking the God complex too literally , aren 't you ? "
tr	NN	He passed his fist across his clean-shaven jaw , then picked up his pen and busied himself scribbling on the clipboard .
tr	NN	I saw the charred , desolate landscape and the sunless , smoky sky .
tr	NN	I will have my revenge .
tr	NNS	The Tri had members in all occupations .
tr	NNS	A noble lady still gets insults like this ?
tr	NN	I 've always loved , um , fish . "
tr	NN	Down by the south fence she could see a cluster of people gathered around a horse on the ground .
tr	NN	He has brought a basket of food and several bottles of beer .
tr	NNS	Aunt Maddy had strange visions herself at irregular intervals , so she probably knew just how it felt when no one believed you .
tr	NN	I felt my body tremble as my climax built up and then explode into a million pieces as I felt myself orgasm underneath him .
tr	NN	If anything , no memory could do justice to the spark that first second their mouths brushed , held , then finally opened .
tr	NN	It softened both her demeanor and tone of voice as it flowed out of her .
tr	NN	As he walked , he unraveled the rope from his waist .
tr	NN	After picking up a crossbow , a handful of quarrels , a dagger and short sword , he mounted the steed .
tr	NNS	She could spit out excuses until sunrise , jam layer after layer of bricks between them , and it wouldn 't change his course .
tr	NN	Alcoa needs tin and bauxite and copper .
tr	NNS	Women were allowed no distinguishing titles of rank , save within Church , and those were chosen to reflect beauty and delicacy .
tr	NNS	Cole gathered all the supplies and dumped it all on the coffee table in front of her .
tr	NN	He quickly ripped the pillow from the back of my head and stuffed it on top of my face .
tr	NN	He took the fork in his hand and it became a toy .
tr	NNS	Maybe he could just give some poor gringo directions and put an end to this .
tr	NNS	" So this recording of the person should have the same rights as the person you recorded .
tr	NN	She pulled the pillow over her head to blot out the noise and light .
tr	NN	I could feel his temper heating from across the room .
tr	NN	She really hated that bargain .
tr	NN	She held up the cardboard and I saw it was a sign .
tr	NNS	Start hauling the oils up there and get it heating ! "
tr	NN	" Look , Byron , you got the worst possible example of what love should be like by watching your very messed-up parents .
tr	NNS	Did anyone ever lose points for going the wrong way initially ?
tr	NN	Especially since she was no longer sure that what had happened last night had the meaning she 'd thought it did .
tr	NN	Anders handed her the metal dog tag .
tr	NNS	The style of the cat and fox simultaneously invaded Connor 's instincts .
tr	NN	" I didn 't mean no harm , Jules . "
tr	NN	He had a bath , changed , and then took stock of all the work remaining .
tr	NN	Isaac adjusted his pillow .
tr	NNS	" If you let me get a job I can replace your chocolates . "
tr	NN	I never missed a therapy appointment .
tr	NN	I saw the man 's hand tremble slightly , but then stop .
tr	NNS	Roaring with frustration , he began shooting fireballs everywhere .
tr	NNS	Besides , I had errands to run .
tr	NNS	She 'd given those attributes to her dream man .
tr	NN	That surprises Chang ' e into a rueful grin .
tr	NN	Wendell pulled a fancy pen from his pocket and flicked it at the bound man .
tr	NNS	Apparently he 's not above saving tricks for later .
tr	NNS	I want no more surprises . "
tr	NNS	She placed her palms on the glass .
tr	NN	Up ahead , she saw a gleam of metal and a splash of aqua blue .
tr	NN	A small jetty shouldered the oncoming tide .
tr	NN	The frame alone might have cost what he used to make in a month , back in the army .
tr	NNS	I fired two shots .
tr	NNS	Use your excellent engines to loft liquid fire over the walls and into the cities .
tr	NNS	Turning , I faced the ranks of vampires .
tr	NNS	" How do I find the victims ?
tr	NNS	" All that for a single loaf of bread and a few flaccid vegetables . "
tr	NNS	Can 't afford any distractions .
tr	NN	" Sir Horace loves his old castle .
tr	NNS	" What about all those solar panels ? "
tr	NNS	They were playing cards quite competitively .
tr	NN	" Do your duty , George . "
tr	NN	I will don my camouflage , hunt you down , and skin you while you scream .
tr	NN	" I claim the mantle of the Sky .
tr	NN	Fiona was still holding the hem of her shirt away from her body avoiding the chilly fabric .
tr	NNS	" Where do you keep knives ? "
tr	NNS	" Because the mere sight of you frightens my dogs . "
tr	NNS	Localized earthquakes shook buildings into pieces , while sinkholes swallowed others .
tr	NN	I can practically hear his smirk .
tr	NNS	This place is giving me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	I watched my surroundings carefully as I made my descent , making sure I wouldn 't be ambushed by any creature that could be lurking about .
tr	NNS	The four of them carried their plates and drinks to the same table .
tr	NN	She 's got an acupuncturist appointment .
tr	NN	You don 't have a nickname ? "
tr	NN	She didn 't need his pity ; she could survive without it .
tr	NNS	Okay , so he 'd had the hots for her since he 'd first seen her .
tr	NN	" Well , your words are quite ... ahem ... suggestive .
tr	NNS	She felt dizzy , but didn 't respond .
tr	NNS	" One in ten people carry the bacteria that causes meningitis and septicemia .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't reverse his actions .
tr	NN	I open up the trunk and start to slide the water bottles into the large container .
tr	NN	Right then , Inspector , I 'm confirming this action will now send the file to the bank . '
tr	NN	" Only one thing drives a fox out of its hole , trouble !
tr	NNS	" I 've pushed back all my meetings until we get things settled with Bianca .
tr	NNS	Yep , he raised those overgrown birds from Australia .
tr	NN	As the trout flopped on the rock , I picked up my bat and bashed it in the head to keep it from escaping .
tr	NN	I don 't like peanut butter .
tr	NNS	Why did the Americans drop the bombs on us ? "
tr	NNS	Parker could see other layers underneath the sweater .
tr	NN	Bash suppressed a growl as a dark blue jaguar stopped in front of him .
tr	NN	" Maybe I need a new haircut . "
tr	NNS	The rich , spicy scent of his skin inundated her senses , rushing through her blood like a potent aphrodisiac .
tr	NN	' I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NN	The vents pump a steady flow of air as we pass , sending a chill over my arms .
tr	NN	I grabbed a towel from the closet in the hall and tossed it over the bat .
tr	NN	Seconds later she was back carrying a platter with two beautifully cooked , huge elk steaks .
tr	NNS	In this case , the large star contained stripes of red , white and blue .
tr	NNS	" Cook has fresh biscuits for you in the kitchen . "
tr	NNS	" Sonia , thank heavens -- I 've been worrying like mad ! "
tr	NN	He asked the universe the question that he would give anything to know .
tr	NN	Then , as the final coup de grace , she dropped Jeremiah 's money clip a few inches away .
tr	NN	Maryann found Alex 's camper .
tr	NN	" I have a rabid pit bull in here and she will tear you from limb to limb if you don 't go away now ! "
tr	NNS	When it came out again , it was wearing brass knuckles .
tr	NN	" Wet T-shirt contest ? "
tr	NN	He drinks more juice from another pineapple that a woman hands him .
tr	NN	Newton resumed his pacing , pointing at the young constable .
tr	NN	I touch my hair self-consciously .
tr	NNS	It headed off all sorts of unpleasant possibilities .
tr	NNS	While Melvin chatted Millicent checked all the newly created eyeballs .
tr	NNS	The news was predicting six to eight inches of rain in the next twenty-four hours , with more to come .
tr	NNS	But I still love my folks and I love this town .
tr	NN	I 've never before had any impression Tim was attracted to me .
tr	NNS	" We 're just running some errands for Mom . "
tr	NN	" Thank goodness you 're safe ! "
tr	NN	She nodded , a gleam of challenge in her eyes .
tr	NN	Abby gave a startled blink , stepping back to regard Shay with an oddly bemused expression .
tr	NNS	" Magic powers , hands of power , follow bloodlines .
tr	NNS	Marcus took his samples from all of us .
tr	NN	She snatched the Band-Aid and the tube of ointment from me and slid sideways , so I wasn 't behind her .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes , listening to nature .
tr	NN	But as Paul picked himself up and prepared to run he heard another piercing whistle blast .
tr	NNS	Quite by accident he touched her thighs .
tr	NN	But the ancient enemy perverts that union of strengths .
tr	NN	You should start a new tape . '
tr	NNS	Will you get these dogs out of the way .
tr	NNS	They wandered the bright halls in search of coffee , though she knew caffeine would only worsen her building anxiety .
tr	NN	We had a reputation for being paranoid ; nobody would believe us .
tr	NNS	With a combination of wine and sleeping pills , she found numbness .
tr	NNS	We trailed along the empty , cold halls .
tr	NN	My eyes roamed over those nice , hard abs and down to the waistband of his pants .
tr	NNS	" Dude , we 've all done some drugs . "
tr	NNS	Lily pulled out two wooden daggers .
tr	NNS	If we leave , Cooper will just recruit eleven more .
tr	NN	He made one last desperate plea .
tr	NNS	The whining strings would scare away all the ghosts of the mind .
tr	NN	" We have a responsibility for you now . "
tr	NNS	She picked up the compass and looked at it closely .
tr	NN	He groaned and pushed her backwards , his mouth pressing against hers , his tongue searching and exploring .
tr	NN	I watched the clock anxiously , constantly running calculations on how long it would take his posse to get there .
tr	NN	" Okay , we can study from three to five p.m. and grab dinner . "
tr	NN	" How far did he explore the file ? "
tr	NN	Maggie adjusted a branch of holly berries in the vase .
tr	NNS	Then I gave her my conditions .
tr	NNS	They had passed all the houses and entered the main part of the city .
tr	NN	She 'd set an impossible goal , on a ridiculous timeline , and any progress she 'd made could have been measured in inches , not feet .
tr	NNS	Oh my God , if I 'd been bitten ... Everyone else was pressed against the wire cage , watching the snarling , whirling wolves .
tr	NNS	I didn 't want our wet selves dripping all over my living room , so I gestured to the chairs around the table .
tr	NN	" Got an extra towel ? "
tr	NN	Dried blood , vomit and dog crap .
tr	NNS	He staggered backwards and looked skyward , searching for ... what ?
tr	NNS	" We had three ships nearly fall on top of us .
tr	NNS	( She wouldn 't alter my uniforms for me , though , explaining that she only had so much time in the day .
tr	NN	Besides you have leftover pasta at the table .
tr	NNS	He felt dizzy and leaned against the door .
tr	NNS	Ben had stacks of CDs .
tr	NNS	They ate way too much and way too fatty foods .
tr	NNS	It always strips your abilities before it moves on to attack the rest of your body .
tr	NN	Quietly he whispered a prayer : May the twins destroy you .
tr	NN	Again I felt the shroud of being alone envelope me .
tr	NN	Everything she admired in a human being and a man , and the most effective power for good she 'd ever had the fortune to meet .
tr	NN	He bit back a growl , his gaze lifting to the beautiful face framed by the pale golden hair .
tr	NN	Being totally helpless scared the crap out of him .
tr	NN	Maybe she should 've thrown caution to the winds as soon as they hit Arizona and taken whatever Nate was willing to offer .
tr	NNS	Then she heard someone yell , " I see him !
tr	NN	The action stirred an odd tingling along her skin .
tr	NN	I heard a gurgle from Mike .
tr	NNS	Several of his cronies drew knives of their own and edged closer .
tr	NN	She now faced a duty that had been bound to her at birth .
tr	NNS	Oliver watched the deer , and I watched him .
tr	NN	Francesca tossed her thick braid over her left shoulder .
tr	NNS	" They didn 't leave any directions , or make coffee .
tr	NNS	I 've never known these pairs to join together like this . "
tr	NN	I 'll get the backpack . "
tr	NNS	Not only does the guy get balls flying all around , but he also performs a smooth routine using cigar boxes that dance in the air .
tr	NN	Anthony saw her color fade and forged ahead , determined to get it out in the open .
tr	NN	Though worried about the frantic pace he held himself to , she nonetheless accepted his proposal , and they walked the aisle ten months later .
tr	NNS	The preacher took the reins and turned to lead the horse out into the night .
tr	NN	But , knowing her , it would only strengthen her resolve .
tr	NN	And I 'll still have all this debt ! "
tr	NNS	Smile and bat your eyelashes and we 're defenseless . "
tr	NN	Quinlan closed the file and set it down , then crossed his arms over his chest .
tr	NN	He tossed down the amber liquid and poured another two fingers .
tr	NN	Jennifer slapped the receiver back into its cradle , pushed the dog away , and crawled up onto the bed .
tr	NNS	" He has no other sons . "
tr	NN	I felt a new fondness for him because I had judged him so poorly earlier .
tr	NNS	" I remember bits and pieces , but mostly it 's a blur . "
tr	NNS	People were getting nearer .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to deepen the shallow contact and stuffed my hands in my pockets .
tr	NN	Didn 't he have a responsibility here ?
tr	NNS	Maybe he built escape routes . "
tr	NNS	And he had all the attributes to go with it .
tr	NNS	I could feel her juices as I teased her clit and she moaned .
tr	NNS	Having nightmares , getting these stupid headaches -- and now this .
tr	NNS	I like good surprises . "
tr	NNS	Better department store sales ? "
tr	NNS	Her diary describes nature 's changes and other anomalies , but most importantly , it talks about the trials of the witches and their friends . "
tr	NNS	She ate most meals in the truck , however .
tr	NN	Thursday Night Chapter 1 Elizabeth sighed and dropped her backpack in the chair next to her neatly organized desk .
tr	NN	No , he preferred the word goal or objective .
tr	NN	" Well , don 't expect anybody to carry you when you step on a burr beetle . "
tr	NNS	She certainly looked innocuous , and I wondered if perhaps our sign had fallen down .
tr	NNS	When they died , they wore fur coats and leggings and also simple leather helmets under their hoods .
tr	NNS	He didn 't understand my mom 's actions either , agreeing it was strange .
tr	NNS	" What two hundred dollars ? "
tr	NN	He slipped the frame into his bag and darted out into the hallway .
tr	NNS	The opening now faces her fins , but the arrows are strapped so they do not fall out .
tr	NNS	" Shouldn 't the company make some arrangements with the insurgents in those regions ?
tr	NNS	My heart was doing little flip flops because I was actually happy to see him .
tr	NNS	" Would you believe seventy bucks per acre for that reptile farm and that 's over priced .
tr	NNS	Governments had quickly mandated regulations to control powerful talents in order to maintain order .
tr	NN	But even as her mind spun with confusion , her hands were removing her lace cap and reaching for the pins that held her hair .
tr	NNS	" I 've got uniforms working on checking out possible boyfriends .
tr	NN	But - Give me that pistol from the table .
tr	NNS	I also had the haunting examples from recent times of those I loved being used against me .
tr	NNS	I had the ranks of the great dead around me .
tr	NNS	Blood dripped slowly down both blades onto the thick carpet .
tr	NN	She had an appointment with him tomorrow .
tr	NN	With the covers back and the T-shirt up , I untied the other knot .
tr	NN	The desire to lean into him made her dizzy .
tr	NNS	" No concerts equals no credit cards ? "
tr	NNS	She could see the models and crew waiting for him , but instead of hurrying over , he stopped walking and turned his back to everyone else .
tr	NN	It defies logic and medical explanation .
tr	NN	She pulled out the talisman Cain had given her and turned the shiny , golden stone over the runic markings to the correct combination .
tr	NNS	" We 've also got some activities just for the younger set .
tr	NN	" I have a proposition for you . "
tr	NN	She found the perfect specimen at the northeast entry .
tr	NN	So maybe you could just put their success down to pure stubbornness . "
tr	NNS	Henry and Billy Boy rode their bikes , and I followed with Becky on mine .
tr	NN	Then I slipped the vial into my pocket .
tr	NNS	I squeezed my thighs together to suppress the growing need between them and sighed .
tr	NNS	What kind of mother doesn 't want her sons to be happy ? "
tr	NN	Polly 's just boxing up her cake . "
tr	NN	She clasped a rag in her hand and continued to scrub the counter clean .
tr	NNS	All phone calls to 911 got busy signals or just static .
tr	NN	I took her advice and took my time .
tr	NN	" Here , borrow my writing instrument . "
tr	NNS	" They have families , Din .
tr	NN	Finally , when everyone was good and mad , he 'd take a long bath , and then we 'd head to town .
tr	NN	She 'd never felt jealousy like this before .
tr	NN	Do not overlook the slightest incident .
tr	NNS	Fellows lost his stiffness in an instant .
tr	NNS	St Paul 's Cathedral interrupted the office buildings , its iconic domed peak towering three hundred and sixty-five feet above the tourists below .
tr	NN	I didn 't feel sorrow .
tr	NN	" What limited manner ? "
tr	NNS	" Isn 't that the guy who makes cigarettes ? "
tr	NNS	He had forgotten some items for the puja and had hurried back .
tr	NN	" I don 't need a towel . "
tr	NN	One of my sources did receive a postcard from him , about the time he disappeared .
tr	NNS	You don 't have any ... obligations waiting for you anywhere ? "
tr	NN	All shifters knew the cost of treason .
tr	NNS	Mother hid her suspicions while waiting for more evidence .
tr	NN	His face reddened just a tad and he shook his head as if to clear it .
tr	NN	He rubbed a knuckle against his temple .
tr	NNS	Emma and I had exchanged numbers .
tr	NN	I did not have a breakdown .
tr	NNS	We have issues to address , and we will be making adjustments this year .
tr	NN	Carson threw his backpack over his shoulder and turned to look at me .
tr	NN	" It brings me joy that you have excelled above your peers in this feat . "
tr	NN	Passing the edge of the building , Beth broke his trance .
tr	NN	The manager had thrown his napkin on his plate , pushing away from the table .
tr	NN	Maurice grabbed the notepad and pencil that were on this bedside table , wrote down a telephone number and handed it to Caitlin .
tr	NNS	No one hit the six numbers .
tr	NN	They 've upgraded the software but I think we can work through the check list on our own . "
tr	NNS	" That would be a mistake , " Clay said delicately .
tr	NNS	Suddenly an electronic glitch disables the ticker boards and the means to conduct electronic transfers .
tr	NN	I ordered a gin martini and watched people hurrying below .
tr	NNS	' Do see these gentlemen out , and ask Mr Pony to come in . '
tr	NN	Wherein Simeon was only several inches taller than she was , Ryan exceeded her five-foot , eight-inch height by at least six inches .
tr	NNS	We may not have had powers of invisibility , but no one saw us without our permission .
tr	NNS	Tell your vendors to start work and to invoice us directly . "
tr	NNS	Maybe the frogs ate the roaches .
tr	NN	I could use some patrolling . "
tr	NNS	Ray , the escapee , roamed the beaches for hours and kept to himself .
tr	NN	I shook the scanner , realizing the technology wasn 't going to suddenly function swimmingly in response to my physical maiming .
tr	NN	He finished the task of pulling out his knife .
tr	NNS	He shuffles pans and then removes something from the stove .
tr	NNS	She studied her fingernails .
tr	NN	Eva reluctantly takes command of her species during their unyielding quest for human flesh and blood .
tr	NNS	She feebly massaged her temples .
tr	NN	He trailed his knuckles along her cheek .
tr	NN	I pulled my pillow over my face , wondering if I had the discipline to suffocate myself .
tr	NNS	Saving your butts , as usual . "
tr	NN	You 've no claim of redemption here . "
tr	NN	" You weren 't using protection ? "
tr	NNS	" This close to Christmas , I 'll bake my mincemeat pies .
tr	NNS	" Give me specifics , or you 'll go back to hanging in the air . "
tr	NNS	He grabbed his horse 's reins , turned around and head back towards everyone else .
tr	NN	As he reached the corner of the Sarcophagus , he freed the pistol from his belt .
tr	NNS	" She took your powers . "
tr	NNS	Moylan had excellent credentials as a horseman and manager and was currently finishing a contract in Kilkenny in Ireland .
tr	NNS	We walked the hallways or outside commons areas together .
tr	NNS	" You having some clothing difficulties ? "
tr	NN	She lay facedown on the pillow , her snore like a saw going at aged oak even through three inches of cotton .
tr	NNS	Big Darius edged backwards .
tr	NN	Sasha set the candle down on the writing desk and picked it up .
tr	NN	They must never repeat that experiment .
tr	NN	She could feel his affection in the quiet hitch of his voice and in the careful way he stroked her skin .
tr	NN	She followed his gesture , and was able to make out a change in the landscape ahead .
tr	NNS	When you look over these fields you should imagine ten generations of hand labor that may continue for another dozen generations . "
tr	NNS	She took Jess by the wrist and forced her to stop .
tr	NN	" How about anteater first , then shaman ? "
tr	NNS	Two Germans were hosing out garbage cans beside the door to the kitchen .
tr	NN	" A Bermuda trust needs a local lawyer . "
tr	NN	In this impetuous and rather agitated state , he had no patience for his fellow players , who were strolling towards him , chattering amongst themselves .
tr	NN	She tied off the weaves binding the men 's hands , then replaced the gag on the one who had spoken .
tr	NN	Linda adjusted her cap against the rain that was streaming down harder .
tr	NNS	Or I may remember just bits and pieces .
tr	NNS	" Give me brains and vigour , So I 'll know dates and figures .
tr	NN	He had very little respect for females then , and even now from the sound of it .
tr	NNS	" You don 't know dragons at all , do you ? "
tr	NN	For no reason I know , she saw only the fate that awaited me .
tr	NN	" What aspect is of interest to you ? "
tr	NN	You create a maze of evidence and argument to help criminals , but you never acknowledge the victims . "
tr	NN	He sent an angry glare around the room , and no one else met his eye or offered a protest .
tr	NNS	He took the stacks from the left row and then turned to the right , where Lucas sat .
tr	NNS	When the day was done , Joe B. slapped the paper fibers off his hands and gazed at the dry skin of his palms .
tr	NN	Lei leaned her hip against the front of my desk .
tr	NN	He admired the elegant design of her system as much as she disgusted herself for creating it .
tr	NNS	The guy had fangs and claws .
tr	NNS	Lowering my hand , I shuffle twelve paces across to the right and find the wall opposite .
tr	NN	Time to test her own resolve not to get involved with him , and see if he could change the verdict .
tr	NN	Time to wait and experience the sensation of having him inside her for the first time ever .
tr	NN	I do not have much patience right now . "
tr	NNS	I don 't like lies .
tr	NN	It 'll save you a fortune in fees , too . "
tr	NNS	Glancing behind , Rachel observed ranks of thriving trees .
tr	NNS	Cory rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	I felt Gran and Cole 's nervous stares as I went from the room but had no energy left to try to make them feel better .
tr	NN	The human had drained a marsh behind his house and inadvertently killed the faeries who lived in the water .
tr	NNS	" I may be crazy , " Nick defended his actions .
tr	NN	It also contained a depression in the center , where they could sink low , nearly out of sight .
tr	NNS	They slid their packs from their shoulders and began making a crude campsite .
tr	NN	She twirled her fork in the spaghetti .
tr	NN	The doctor had just hidden a rebuke in that spate of bubbly speech .
tr	NN	I had a broiled steak , seasoned just right , with a salad and two glasses of wine .
tr	NN	Sharp changes in temperature often had that effect .
tr	NN	The spikes definitely suited the woman 's frosted personality .
tr	NNS	She bit back all the smart retorts coursing through her mind , but she couldn 't contain herself if she sat there one more second .
tr	NN	Sye 's glance caught the smoldering gleam of the gauntlet , so much like the red hidden behind Zook 's dark eyes .
tr	NNS	She 's giving me the creeps . "
tr	NN	Dale read comprehension on some of the faces listening , to his delight .
tr	NN	I won 't take full credit for it at that stage .
tr	NN	I view the curtain .
tr	NN	He had the unequivocal admiration of almost everyone in town .
tr	NNS	I take the four packs by the straps and carry them like luggage around the corner .
tr	NN	Irene gave a little shrug .
tr	NN	I understand his code meaning : Does she care that there are drugs around ?
tr	NNS	Oh , Chelsea and Michele had taken beatings .
tr	NN	His hand glided up her thigh , cupped her entrance .
tr	NNS	Renna patted the drugs in her pocket .
tr	NN	Going back to the straw mattress , she lifted the lid off the tray .
tr	NN	" ... you forgot your briefcase . "
tr	NNS	I 'd worn my contacts to bed .
tr	NN	Still unsure what I was even doing over Thanksgiving break , I ignored his implication that we would be alone then .
tr	NNS	" Your body heat will warm the suits quickly .
tr	NNS	Grabbing one of my pointe shoes , he admired the pale ribbons , running them through his fingers .
tr	NNS	But he 's got photographs . "
tr	NNS	The department focuses most efforts on prevention .
tr	NNS	Oh he used both methods but preferred the more relaxed greeting in his home .
tr	NN	His voice was strangled , his torment over talking about it apparent .
tr	NNS	Her facial tissue of crystal forms three perfect square figures on the right side of her face .
tr	NN	" Ride me , little witch . "
tr	NNS	* * * * * Abbey Benson poured the last few drops of the pitcher of beer into her glass .
tr	NNS	" I had my doubts about you , kid .
tr	NNS	Cassandra vanished the broken wineglass .
tr	NNS	" Surely you 've seen crowds before . "
tr	NN	She rubbed her temple with one hand , the other setting the stapler down , forgotten .
tr	NNS	What exactly was causing all those movements ?
tr	NNS	This attracted bouts of laughter from all around him .
tr	NNS	Jamie rubbed her palms on her thighs .
tr	NN	First he copied the coordinates for 1770 , then switched arms and wrote down the coordinates to get them back to their present time .
tr	NNS	He walked past empty houses with broken windows .
tr	NN	He felt a pang of something that was still not entirely guilt , and waved .
tr	NN	As it turned out , they had the joy of a cross-country run to endure , which pleased neither of them .
tr	NN	She felt a flutter in her stomach as her eyes connected with his silvery gaze and he offered her a broad grin .
tr	NNS	" I 'm walking out the door with you , " He told the seniors all that last semester .
tr	NN	He had a butler .
tr	NNS	" But what about Grieg 's other decision , concerning the New Law robots ? "
tr	NN	I wash off the shaving cream and start to rinse my hair out when the bathroom door bangs open .
tr	NN	She pulled her communicator out of her sari .
tr	NN	" So , we should have cake to celebrate ! "
tr	NN	Amy pulled a large skillet out of the oven and lined it with bacon .
tr	NN	Thank goodness it was almost over .
tr	NN	I gave a weary shrug .
tr	NN	Dark as it was , I saw Edward 's jaw clench .
tr	NNS	I will take food and water supplies into the location with me .
tr	NNS	" You got your million bucks . "
tr	NNS	" I love surprises too .
tr	NN	The young Sword 's mount trotted past Ward 's wagon , but then slowed so that they could walk together .
tr	NN	I wouldn 't be worth a shit without you anymore , " he told her passionately .
tr	NN	She pulled open the top drawer , rummaged through it briefly , and pulled out the red scarf , now well worn .
tr	NNS	The first satire censures the literary tastes of the day as a reflection of the decadence of the national morals .
tr	NNS	So he made a few more attempts at small conversation but got no response .
tr	NN	He playfully tossed a noodle in her direction .
tr	NNS	I felt nauseous as the programming battled with my emotions yet again .
tr	NN	Lily couldn 't believe her good fortune .
tr	NN	Gary smacked a rolled-up sheath of papers against his thigh .
tr	NN	I 'd have thought a serial drug addict like Martha Blake should have been asked to submit a swab .
tr	NNS	After a proper interval , the Spacers eased their restrictions .
tr	NNS	The Shades don 't like losses of productivity . "
tr	NN	Mrs. Cake took an orange vase with pink peonies on it from her daughter 's paws .
tr	NNS	And by the way I know the folks at the underground station . " "
tr	NNS	He took several deep breaths and recovered some of his composure .
tr	NN	" And what surprises are you hiding from the world in your box , Pandora ? "
tr	NN	Thank goodness she couldn 't read auras .
tr	NNS	They completed their missions and cost us very little .
tr	NN	I grabbed her ponytail , shoving my tongue into her mouth .
tr	NNS	She wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	General Saunders had never flown the aircraft and knew very little about her .
tr	NNS	And we have troubles of our own . "
tr	NN	She was taking a bloody bath .
tr	NNS	To see the tall buildings and only feel a deep longing for the stars .
tr	NN	said the oh god .
tr	NN	He tore off a white lily from its stem and put it into her braid behind her ear .
tr	NNS	Andrew felt sudden hot currents of excitement running through his pathways at the sight of Little Miss standing so boldly there before the judge .
tr	NN	At ten weeks , she had a miscarriage . "
tr	NN	A shiver slid down her spine but she forced herself back to her feet .
tr	NNS	The big Frenchman shifted her in his arms so that he was leaning over her , his face just inches from hers .
tr	NNS	These days the man ate , slept and drank politics .
tr	NNS	I 'll brook no more arguments . "
tr	NNS	Small but fit , her tight body tugged his gaze into a slow glide he didn 't have the reserves to resist .
tr	NN	He chose the latter .
tr	NNS	The lawyer picked up the cards and slipped gently into the computer case .
tr	NNS	Ian did the honors .
tr	NN	Jason climbed the first stair .
tr	NN	Nine days after we left the safe house , our numbers now hugely swollen , we catch a glimpse of one of the Portland border fences .
tr	NN	Maries exhales and smoothes her vest .
tr	NNS	Cash butted James Barr 's targets into a pile and put them back in the B slot .
tr	NN	Various portions of it , when properly interpreted , contain a code of behavior which many men consider best suited to the ultimate happiness of mankind . "
tr	NN	His long blond ringlets are matted , a tangle she 'll have to do something with .
tr	NN	Laurel twisted a cloth napkin in her hands .
tr	NNS	The agent seeks data on the functional relationships which derive from our common universe and which arise from interdependencies .
tr	NN	" I had Emery bring this and some other supplies along tonight just in case you survived the bull pen .
tr	NNS	The blade was serrated , six inches in length .
tr	NN	Upon making contact with the surface , Core programmed the ship 's auto defense grid to engage , once he left the airlock to explore .
tr	NN	Shaking her head , she dropped her fork and leaned back in her chair , arms going across her chest in a clear sign of annoyance .
tr	NN	" Well , Polonius , when do we get a demonstration ? "
tr	NN	The nuns had always run the ferry traffic on Summer Island , but it was still a shock to see that nothing had changed .
tr	NNS	" I can 't have any distractions .
tr	NNS	Rick stopped just inches from the line .
tr	NNS	In the end , I took away some ribbons for Justine 's hair .
tr	NN	By the time he saw another grove of gigantic trees looming up ahead , his watch beeped , once , long and loud .
tr	NNS	Ashe could see the crumpled wolves from where he stood .
tr	NN	You killed a fucking cop ! "
tr	NNS	They finished their meals and stepped into the parking lot .
tr	NNS	' Horus probably has the capabilities to release you from anything we 'd trap you in . '
tr	NN	Moving closer , he saw more detail in the blue-white light of the full moon shining through her window .
tr	NN	Before I even open my eyes , I smell his soap .
tr	NNS	I could feel a few stray stares as people noticed me .
tr	NN	Especially since the doctor had been clear , any upset could trigger another stroke .
tr	NN	She creates a monthly word search puzzle for the Senior Times .
tr	NN	Jeff had proposed my introduction and the process had started .
tr	NNS	Get my credit cards .
tr	NNS	I was left breathless .
tr	NNS	" Who writes your lyrics ? "
tr	NNS	Looking around the king 's tomb they found some scrolls .
tr	NN	She handed the iPod back to me with a reassuring smile .
tr	NN	He made a tactical assessment and issued his orders accordingly . "
tr	NN	She traced a fingernail along the back of his neck .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , just as I was about to take the packet from her grip , she tossed the biscuits over my head and into the trash .
tr	NN	His words just flamed her fury .
tr	NN	He parked his Mustang in front of the house that was next door to Angela 's .
tr	NNS	Nicolas never minded silences .
tr	NNS	They pulled out their food supplies and decided to make a one pot concoction over Ed 's backpack stove .
tr	NN	He took out his police ID and held it up for the woman to see .
tr	NN	" Pinch your nipple . "
tr	NN	" You would think by now you would have learned your lesson about messing around with Nan .
tr	NNS	" And then we nailed the last few boards up , " Stefan added .
tr	NN	He takes the cake without saying thank you .
tr	NNS	Though he showed no emotion , he couldn 't hide his hardness .
tr	NNS	Opening my eyes , I quickly scan my surroundings .
tr	NN	You can reach his receptionist or his assistant .
tr	NN	Trying to sound like he hadn 't made my stomach clench with desire from one kiss .
tr	NNS	She has some cats , but what writer doesn 't ?
tr	NNS	that seared her senses .
tr	NNS	You can 't trace the instincts !
tr	NN	I stowed the rifle and picked up the anchor and rowed home . "
tr	NN	said a young male nurse .
tr	NNS	" I can handle the chores . "
tr	NNS	One of her hands made continuous stabbing motions .
tr	NNS	I have made arrangements for your stay . "
tr	NN	Panic slithered up my spine .
tr	NN	The way he emerged , he got a first impression of a man with considerable wealth and power .
tr	NNS	He 'd torn himself away , the fierceness and the bleakness that had evaporated during the past four weeks settling back over him .
tr	NN	I felt the tears prick in my eyes and I rubbed them away with the heel of my hand .
tr	NN	And in a couple of months , we announce her pregnancy . "
tr	NN	I found the leftover pizza from last night and shoved two slices in the microwave while chewing on a cold third .
tr	NNS	We find the weak points and attack as a unit .
tr	NN	" I think that is probably not necessary , " I might have added a slight inflection on the word probably .
tr	NN	Have you ever looked up the definition of stalker in the dictionary ? "
tr	NNS	" I could either count the orgasms you had or point out the pink flush in your cheeks when I showed up to ask you out today .
tr	NNS	Silver drops of liquid spangled his eyelashes as he lowered his glance to hers , leaned to whisper in her ear .
tr	NN	Succeeding in doing so , I legally lost possession of the island .
tr	NNS	They lifted their shots and emptied them .
tr	NNS	But in corridor after corridor , he encountered servants or courtiers who had already left the party .
tr	NN	Jumping out , she opened her underwear drawer and dressed in matching lingerie before hopping back in .
tr	NN	" He had proof that you and your father took out mine .
tr	NN	Gabriel felt his heart slam hard in his chest .
tr	NNS	You even had the patients thinking I was in charge , though I knew I wasn 't .
tr	NN	Without a recommendation from Dale ? "
tr	NNS	" During the course of the battle technology in my world took massive leaps forward .
tr	NNS	The creation of the Lucifer character , with each word and gesture carefully considered and planned , would go down the tubes in one trite storytelling ploy .
tr	NN	" I want it French style ! "
tr	NN	He made a deep incision in his own wrist and placed the torn , bleeding flesh over the dying man 's mouth .
tr	NN	Jacob showed me a video that his Dad took of him as a toddler , levitating for the first time .
tr	NN	With a sigh I adjusted my visor and tried to protect the taffy bucket .
tr	NN	I laugh and open the soda .
tr	NNS	Aside from the food in Amira 's pack , which was meant to sustain one woman for a few days , they had no other provisions .
tr	NN	Undine seldom visit the backside of the mountain , except of course , the King 's Guard during their rounds .
tr	NNS	" And just to be special , he had several throwing knives on him too . "
tr	NN	The smell of baking turkey and yams made my stomach growl in hunger , but I felt no desire to sit down and eat with my family .
tr	NNS	The room he was in had marble floors , expensive stenciled wallpaper , and high vaulted ceilings .
tr	NNS	" Our bodies will need certain additional foods , minerals and vitamins .
tr	NNS	She tugged the covers up .
tr	NN	Thank goodness she could do away with being chauffeured around now that the doctor had cleared her .
tr	NN	Then Maddy Washburn bought the grocery and started her delivery service .
tr	NN	Soon they had joined a stellar highway where the traffic was moving mainly in one direction with only the occasional starship coming to meet them .
tr	NNS	James rolled the stiffness from his neck .
tr	NNS	To defeat Shifters . "
tr	NNS	How many more empty police reports would it take before he could act on that ?
tr	NNS	At the back of the yard , someone was handing out paper cups full of Jell-O shots .
tr	NN	The third finger on her left hand had an extra long nail .
tr	NN	No matter how determined I thought my resolve to remain sober .
tr	NN	She opened her dresser and pulled out her jewelry box .
tr	NN	I lower the pillow .
tr	NNS	But we can 't have two babies .
tr	NNS	The expression on Levi 's face spoke volumes louder than his words .
tr	NN	Then he 'd gotten an email from her , and the contents of it had broken the last shreds of resolve Thomas had .
tr	NN	She caught his intent immediately and tossed him a cheeky grin .
tr	NNS	" I have numerous new items I am sure you will adore .
tr	NNS	The Swell 's two thousand square miles of public land had little restrictions against ATV use .
tr	NNS	" Better get yourselves over here double quick , or I can 't answer for the consequences . "
tr	NN	Does your dad own a farm ? "
tr	NN	Still , she wanted release .
tr	NNS	" We 've taken two ships from the Moon , and we expect another from Elysium just after midnight . "
tr	NNS	" These control wizards and warlocks .
tr	NNS	We are pursuing several leads . "
tr	NNS	She was punching numbers into a calculator when her phone rang .
tr	NN	She and the rest of the village would never know the full extent of how horribly they 'd been manipulated .
tr	NNS	Next time , I can have my olives . "
tr	NNS	The window lowered a few more inches .
tr	NNS	Eric had kicked off his covers .
tr	NNS	Jake pressed his palms against his ears .
tr	NNS	I 'll earn my own millions . "
tr	NNS	' You can read Japanese ? '
tr	NNS	She found two candles , put them in the center , and lit them .
tr	NNS	Using these techniques , along with their combined mental force , Alex and the priests built the pyramids of Egypt ; without slaves and without physical force .
tr	NNS	" He has severed his ties to us now .
tr	NNS	Raven rubbed her temples in an attempt to relieve the pain pounding in her head .
tr	NNS	The Night People had clubs , usually carefully hidden from humans .
tr	NN	Didn 't he have any respect for her title at all ?
tr	NNS	Your mother , you see , she only ever wanted our designs .
tr	NNS	An echoing crash filled his senses and ran through his bones .
tr	NNS	Chapter 16 After school let out , Sonny would haunt the hallways .
tr	NNS	The maids were still laying the first breakfast dishes out upon the sideboard , and the coffeepot had just been laid upon the table .
tr	NN	" You have strong self-control .
tr	NN	If you start entertaining worst-case scenarios , you 'll lose your sanity , and what she needs is for you to have a clear , level head .
tr	NN	Give the man some closure . "
tr	NN	Boy 412 opened the trapdoor in the potion cupboard and held the lantern high , his hand trembling a little , while Jenna scrambled down the ladder .
tr	NN	" Bring the file back today . "
tr	NNS	The floor is made of wood again , long , thin panels that are brightly glossed and polished .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at him , striding through the door as he opened it for her .
tr	NN	She held his c * ck with one hand ; the other gripped his thigh through his jeans .
tr	NNS	Charlotte carried two paper coffee cups and tried to hand her one and hug her at the same time .
tr	NN	he needed a shave .
tr	NNS	" The bulb doesn 't have wires .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't count the numbers then , either , and I resolved to stop trying .
tr	NN	When the movie ended , I ordered a pizza .
tr	NNS	Grace watched Melinda 's poor attempts at picking up the mug gift packs and replacing them , without success .
tr	NNS	While the kids finished their breakfasts , Mandy cleared the breakfast dishes off the table and helped Madge wash and dry them .
tr	NN	It took all her coordination to avoid being knocked over again by the trembling earth .
tr	NNS	Some set delicate china place settings and lit taper candles held in heavy crystal candelabras .
tr	NNS	He could have hit those marks ; he was just as good as any of them .
tr	NN	What proof did she have of that ?
tr	NNS	He pushed the handlebars forward and the highway coiled , giving them a chance to brace themselves .
tr	NN	The giant paused its chewing and looked down dumbly .
tr	NNS	' I want numbers , Submariner .
tr	NN	Barlow mimicked the gesture .
tr	NN	The things Josie had just said , the conviction in the words and her eyes ... It was all a bit overwhelming .
tr	NNS	Reece stares at me .
tr	NNS	The paramedics stuck wires at his chest and hip , and then applied the charge .
tr	NN	Regin blew a bubble , revving the engine .
tr	NNS	Unlike Fin , he couldn 't predict his enemy 's movements .
tr	NN	Kit smiled , a gesture that softened all the sharp angles of her face .
tr	NNS	Rema wiped her sweaty palms on her dress .
tr	NN	She definitely felt the urge .
tr	NNS	" Your taxes starve our families ! "
tr	NN	I need your advice . "
tr	NN	Gio felt his gut twist with guilt .
tr	NNS	And that he could read her silences better than anyone had ever understood her actual words ?
tr	NNS	" When you see Dissident , send him my apologies for not getting this to him sooner . "
tr	NN	CHAPTER 11 6 years later Oh god .
tr	NNS	They form gangs and roam the streets of major cities , preying on easy targets -- stealing and hurting those who can 't defend themselves . "
tr	NNS	Once the men had loaded their bags into the jeep , they took their positions in the vehicle .
tr	NNS	Farther out , up a short slope , Tucker could see treetops .
tr	NNS	They lit no lamps , to keep the moths away .
tr	NN	Icy fingers of anxiety trailed down my spine .
tr	NNS	Why that bear had killed many local cattle and made a nuisance and a feared one at that of local ranchers .
tr	NNS	Vinny and I are both consenting adults , and there was nothing bad about it ; in fact , it was great .
tr	NNS	You still owe me a hundred bucks for that bet on the 1999 Superbowl . "
tr	NN	" If something goes wrong , I ask a favor . "
tr	NNS	He 'd taken other coats , so he must be acting the role of cloakroom attendant .
tr	NNS	Was it true , a Jew known to me had attacked Christians in Holy Week when it was forbidden that a Jew be seen in the streets ?
tr	NN	It is important that we find our crewmember , our ship will be leaving orbit in a few hours . "
tr	NN	I have faith . "
tr	NN	She makes a rude gesture .
tr	NN	Consoles or work stations circled a pentagram which projected an image of the earth with the seven continents and all the seas .
tr	NN	Jonas raised the lid of the black chest .
tr	NNS	As I glared at him , at this pompous man in his three-piece suit , judging me , the urge to scream crippled my senses .
tr	NN	He gave you a pencil and told you it was magic .
tr	NN	He held up a file and showed Brock .
tr	NNS	The sculptor makes rude noises at the word 's mention .
tr	NN	Mikhail tugged her knees apart , saw the sudden admission of commitment to him deep within her eyes .
tr	NNS	She slapped the reins against the creature 's back , and they zoomed off into the sky .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't tell the doctors what really happened .
tr	NN	She hadn 't considered a third option .
tr	NN	" It commemorates the fate of one of my ancestors during the English Civil War . "
tr	NNS	I whispered , his face mere inches from mine .
tr	NN	I pump some soap onto it , rinse it off and repeat with the left , careful to try to keep my balance on the slick floor .
tr	NN	Tears began spilling from her eyes and she whimpered furiously , " You had everything , including luck .
tr	NNS	I recounted the high points of the letter .
tr	NNS	59 Michael Tolland had been at sea enough times to know the ocean took victims without remorse or hesitation .
tr	NNS	I fill my pockets with them , eating my fill , and then press onward .
tr	NNS	He cited the ties to an ongoing investigation of murders there as well as the superior forensics division .
tr	NNS	One of those profs who stops talking , stares at you and waits until you get to your seat if you 're late .
tr	NN	He extended a boot , doing me the courtesy of providing a brake for my momentum .
tr	NN	" I imputed the code . "
tr	NNS	Something was jamming the ship 's communications systems and Callum had been awake for nearly twenty four hours , attempting to fix the problem .
tr	NNS	" Ellery Prep sells boxers .
tr	NNS	We 've had reports of stolen credit card numbers . "
tr	NNS	Father always loved his subjects , cared about them like he cared about my siblings and me .
tr	NNS	" Forget the clouds .
tr	NNS	And under that shelf , drag marks in the dirt .
tr	NNS	She attached the power wires into the power couplings in the power generator .
tr	NNS	She cupped the thumbs behind her ears and splayed her fingers out like fans .
tr	NNS	She was holding two cigarette butts .
tr	NN	He scanned the menu .
tr	NNS	" Just what I thought , you have your powers . "
tr	NN	I anxiously await a glimpse at your methods . "
tr	NNS	" Though I suppose I should be thankful that he thinks he has two younger sisters .
tr	NN	* * * " Mr. Winkler , I heard a rumor . "
tr	NN	" I 'll direct the pod around the space junk for you , too .
tr	NNS	Amy stood and counted the targets that fell for Charlie .
tr	NN	" I 'm suddenly remembering every single detail . "
tr	NNS	" I have heard tales of your brother .
tr	NNS	' I know these roads better than you .
tr	NN	Edward 's mind created a kaleidoscope of terrible images out of what had just been said .
tr	NNS	He could feel her breasts and the shape of her hips beneath the velvet burgundy dress .
tr	NNS	Don 't you grasp the changes already taking place ?
tr	NN	They were just leaving the theater when a young woman came rushing toward them through the crowd , being jostled roughly several times in her haste .
tr	NN	Hitting the remote on her key chain , Jo popped the trunk .
tr	NN	I find another staircase and head back up into the land of the living .
tr	NNS	I did love Frost , but I did not always love his moods .
tr	NNS	And Ben has conflicting interests ? "
tr	NNS	Some of the people waiting by the bus station were shouting and yelling obscenities at the car when it nearly hit them .
tr	NNS	They haven 't seen troubled waters .
tr	NNS	I spread my thighs further .
tr	NN	He opened the third package and slipped its contents into his pocket .
tr	NNS	" See the chairs at the edge of the pavement ?
tr	NN	So he took up his quest .
tr	NNS	She tucks the balls under her arm .
tr	NN	Sanya slipped the assault rifle into an over-the-shoulder sports bag , but kept one hand on the stock .
tr	NNS	He had marked some points of interest on it already with a few notes written in the margins .
tr	NN	And their scientists worked around the clock with the brightest minds of the United States in developing Guardian Angel .
tr	NNS	Stefan , you 'll break my ribs !
tr	NNS	He yanked back the covers on the other hotel bed .
tr	NNS	Don 't you have your own finals to make up for , anyway ? "
tr	NN	She felt his body tense .
tr	NNS	I kiss his cheek and plaster my palms to the sides of his face , forcing him to turn his tired eyes on me .
tr	NN	Frank tossed a file on my desk .
tr	NN	He accepted his fate and made the best of it .
tr	NNS	" Did he break any ribs ? "
tr	NNS	We can 't have some bad apples driving you off . "
tr	NN	I still wasn 't following the logic here .
tr	NN	As she stepped inside , she expected a closet full of supplies .
tr	NNS	Before I can chicken out , I grab two plates and slice into the lasagna with a spatula , heaving sizeable pieces onto them .
tr	NNS	It will ruin your chances to marry . "
tr	NNS	I tracked the bloody smears down the street , into a gigantic parking lot and finally up to the entrance of a large shopping mall .
tr	NN	" In sufficiently high concentrations , TDI has a primary irritant effect on the respiratory tract , causing dry throat and coughing .
tr	NNS	He came close enough that I could smell his cologne , his face only inches from mine .
tr	NN	I catch a glimpse of Tyler and he is standing guard at the door .
tr	NN	Christmas sort of lost its meaning after that . "
tr	NN	I gradually lost altitude , until I could see a suitable place for a landing .
tr	NN	" We had a special cargo this year . "
tr	NN	We 'd almost reached the cafeteria , but I had started to turn away .
tr	NN	I snapped off a lone milkweed plant along the shore , then blew its seeds into the air .
tr	NNS	Dust coated the shelves , and their footsteps left tracks .
tr	NN	" The man keeps his weight bench in the living room .
tr	NN	Just taking language alone , as an example .
tr	NNS	If you do not have the funds for the purchases , I can hold the items for a few days . "
tr	NNS	She quickly spread the quilts and blankets over him , making sure he was covered from head to foot .
tr	NNS	" Excuse me , gentlemen . "
tr	NN	Mr. More will be taking over both homeroom and history teaching duties from now until Mr. Lovejoy can return to us .
tr	NN	Some women would use any ploy to get to the man they wanted .
tr	NN	Willy had caught a few fish for her and fed her .
tr	NNS	Bobcat , when they caught up on him , still had Dusky 's tracks in view , but lost them soon afterwards .
tr	NNS	Dodging pedestrians , dogs and cars ; it 's difficult to settle into a rhythm , but I plod on .
tr	NNS	Something had spooked those cattle .
tr	NNS	He watched the needles intently ; they still swept out a wide path across the dials .
tr	NN	A stray wink knocked a bird from its perch .
tr	NN	He and Charles could share a closet .
tr	NN	" I 've never heard your heart flutter like that before .
tr	NNS	I 'm getting dizzy .
tr	NNS	He sheathed his daggers and clapped his hands preparing a spell .
tr	NNS	He pocketed the cards and crawled into my lap .
tr	NN	Friday 28th September 1973 By Friday Barry still had nobody to go to Gary 's gym with .
tr	NN	Eric read the hunger in her , the need to find a male , to mate in wild frenzy for days .
tr	NN	He has this gold plated money clip with diamond studs on it .
tr	NNS	He mentioned the white tiles behind the four sinks , the long mirror and the line of cubicles with their closed doors .
tr	NNS	Your aunt is sending servants over , and I should like to be there to greet them when they arrive . "
tr	NNS	Don 't allow your fears to take control and eventually turn into regrets . "
tr	NN	fixed on ears , expensive athletic shoes pounding the pavement ... it was amazing .
tr	NNS	They made the tunnels more or less flat so they can push equipment through .
tr	NNS	Even with the appointment scheduled , she had some doubts , but she refused to let this go .
tr	NNS	In a flash he realised something monumental which could just win the battle for the pirates and win back their respect as captain .
tr	NN	" Abby , " Mitch said slowly , staring at the water , " I have a confession to make . "
tr	NN	He set the bat over his shoulder and eyed the pitcher .
tr	NNS	In Chinese legends the dragon had nine sons , each with their own powers .
tr	NNS	She took huge bites of her sandwich and smiled when tiny crumbs littered the surface of the water and the koi hungrily fought over them .
tr	NN	" Do not use Clave language on us , Shadowhunter .
tr	NNS	It overwhelmed his senses .
tr	NN	Then Maximus let out an extended moan , turning my attention to him .
tr	NNS	A loud , unearthly roar and the snapping of bones overwhelm Kayla 's senses as she vomits from unadulterated fear .
tr	NNS	" You have ten thousand dollars ? "
tr	NNS	I have my souvenir shops .
tr	NN	I climbed off the bench and leaned over to touch my lips to his cheek .
tr	NN	" Hello , " Elena picked up the receiver .
tr	NNS	" But you 're applauding yourselves .
tr	NN	He commanded respect as he gave it as much as received it .
tr	NN	My husband had patience , I had to give it to him , but everyone had their breaking point .
tr	NNS	His expression turned sly .
tr	NN	Why don 't we keep the flower theme going and head over to the Botanical Gardens ?
tr	NNS	A boot landed inches from my face , whipping me with the wind of its passage .
tr	NN	Nate watched the Hermit steadily until she returned .
tr	NN	" All you can do is give her your advice . "
tr	NN	Guess I just lost your vote , huh ? "
tr	NNS	I 've got teams working on it twenty-four seven .
tr	NN	And I could recall my sudden clarity regarding my father , emerging from the middle of that debate .
tr	NNS	The other half of the elephant , balancing against all probability on the two legs at the rear end , stood a few yards away .
tr	NNS	" Rosella and I will take the babies to the other room . "
tr	NN	He must have the constitution of an ox .
tr	NN	Some of the players gave me a thumbs-up and slapped me on the shoulder pads .
tr	NN	Ezio grabbed another rifle and bounded down the stairs to the floor below .
tr	NNS	I would have seen the pages and had the rose .
tr	NN	It 's like picking your hairstyle and wardrobe for a photo that will last forever .
tr	NN	He broke his hip and leg and had to endure bone replacement surgery .
tr	NN	She propped a pillow behind him and leaned him back .
tr	NNS	Even if it went off , I wasn 't giving up these supplies .
tr	NNS	They held their positions , keeping a steady eye on Dimas ' men .
tr	NNS	For his part , Daniel also had activities he worked on singularly .
tr	NNS	" Give this fifty dollars to the rabbit . "
tr	NN	Tyne turned his venom on Brin , snarling , " and what about you ? "
tr	NNS	" Where 'd she find so many uncut Jewels to make the scales ? "
tr	NNS	" It cost me five dollars from a street vendor , and I 'm pretty sure the chain is brass . "
tr	NN	She twists it back behind her ear , a gesture I remember from years ago .
tr	NNS	Not to be outdone , Derrick stormed down the bleachers toward the doors , but two security officers met him and escorted him out of the gymnasium .
tr	NNS	Finally she scrubbed the pots and pans " I have to come clean with Buddy now .
tr	NN	The kind that said she should have faith .
tr	NN	Seriously , what the fuck am I doing , fucking this up ?
tr	NNS	" If they 're still thirsty , you can give them refreshments . "
tr	NNS	His eyes sought out the sisters .
tr	NN	Chapter 30 Cates closed the video player , grabbed the flash drive , turned , and yelled through the large glass window into the next room .
tr	NN	Another two steps and he fired a rocket at goal .
tr	NNS	Sure , she appreciated the powers , loved knowing she could kick ass .
tr	NNS	More they didn 't want , had no facilities nor capabilities to digest more serious matters .
tr	NN	Nodding , she began the climb .
tr	NNS	Keep your wits about you and don 't act like a kid . "
tr	NN	Ferry held up the flexible net of silver rolled into its tie bands .
tr	NNS	Eve tapped purple metallic fingernails against the china of her coffee cup , and didn 't look away from Oliver 's glare .
tr	NNS	A heartbeat later , the dark shadow of the truck passed inches above me before crashing onto the asphalt several feet away .
tr	NNS	When she finished , Reyes would tear the pages and have her fax them to Lucien .
tr	NN	I don 't want anybody breaking in to steal it . "
tr	NNS	A new can of shaving foam , with dried bubbles around the nozzle .
tr	NNS	A minute later they were winding up mountain roads while Angelina chattered on about her day in school and made small talk about this and that .
tr	NN	Most innkeepers in my position would 've left his uncle to die on the street .
tr	NN	Or maybe nobody gives a crap if other horses pee . "
tr	NNS	I can 't believe all the changes you 've made this summer . "
tr	NNS	Savannah finished her classes at Chapel Hill and moved back home while she began hunting for a job .
tr	NN	A trickle of unease penetrated the pleasant wine haze .
tr	NN	" So Christmas doesn 't have much meaning for you . "
tr	NNS	Mercy she had never shown her own victims .
tr	NN	Around the windows , he could see a lone strand of Christmas lights .
tr	NN	Looking around , she sized up the remaining climb down .
tr	NNS	But my brain wasn 't sending signals to my feet .
tr	NN	He removes the crossbow from its hook on the saddle and pulls three quarrels from the quiver .
tr	NN	' We 're boarding the craft . '
tr	NN	For half a heartbeat he considered answering , but then he hit ignore and let the call from Jake go straight to voicemail .
tr	NNS	" You don 't need distractions right now .
tr	NN	She felt an instant breeze and saw that the balcony door was ajar and the curtain gently fluttered .
tr	NN	Don 't ever clean a fish .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , virus or not , I have a duty to uphold .
tr	NN	Some kids do math , some kids do football .
tr	NNS	After 10 at night , students would fight the crowds to get into this place .
tr	NNS	" And who would risk their innards ingesting it ?
tr	NN	I need an Alchemist , and you 're my only chance now . "
tr	NN	You don 't have faith in your own son ?
tr	NN	Abby was teaching six courses this semester , and Harrison spent his weekdays in D.C. taking care of the president 's medical needs .
tr	NNS	The fifth cycle had all teams using the improvised tool and the cores were ready in only a third of the time .
tr	NN	However , their first visitor arrived upon that first wet morning amidst the fury of the storm .
tr	NNS	I 'll have some chores for you .
tr	NNS	" Five cards -- four up and the last one down .
tr	NN	He checked out his fridge , finding nothing other than sandwich fillings .
tr	NN	He had an agenda .
tr	NN	She felt the same sensation she always felt as she pushed through these doors ... that she was entering the belly of a sleeping giant .
tr	NNS	" Because if you wish to accept our proposition , we have the contracts already drawn up .
tr	NN	Sydney gave a helpless shrug when I looked at her .
tr	NN	Agent Barnes shut the file with a slap .
tr	NNS	Alex plopped a few coins from her pocket into the machine before picking up the receiver .
tr	NN	Lithgow highlighted the file and displayed the arrivals details of Daniel 's plane from Heathrow .
tr	NN	He studied the large , flawless gem .
tr	NNS	Beads of sweat trickled down his temples .
tr	NN	Dayne felt his face darken at the same time Greta 's aura did .
tr	NN	The situation had new meaning .
tr	NN	When my hands straddle the corner , I swing my right boot up over the side .
tr	NNS	The knockout figure , the shy glances , the soft blushes ... yes , he could see how this temptress could seduce a room full of people .
tr	NNS	They both skidded to a halt on the marble floor only inches from where I lay on top of Zoe , while Gloria bobbed above us .
tr	NN	His face was showing mild agitation , which wasn 't abnormal for the robot .
tr	NN	The next two days had the potential to prove extremely interesting and in a way he hadn 't counted on .
tr	NNS	Usually I bring my dogs .
tr	NN	I 've got a social worker .
tr	NN	He swept his tongue teasingly across my bottom lip before he pulled away .
tr	NNS	He fingered the long blades in a kind of wonder .
tr	NNS	They already have their suspicions .
tr	NN	I just need a smal favor . "
tr	NNS	If you just can 't wait for the next Blank novel , check out Richard 's other exciting Books here .
tr	NN	" We 've still got a dozen or so to take .
tr	NN	" I don 't recall any famous writer saying that .
tr	NNS	We 'll be building up some points with him .
tr	NN	When her eyes finally blinked open , she noticed the nightgown covering her arms .
tr	NN	I didn 't see the Holey .
tr	NNS	" They assumed that centuries ago . "
tr	NN	Anyway I wrote down my sorrow , which my mother advice me to do , but I wonder how much she could care about this ?
tr	NN	" So , your father turned down my proposal because he thought you were just trying to get laid ?
tr	NN	But somehow the job had acquired a high attrition rate .
tr	NN	We will overlay the Terran language on all features . "
tr	NN	" She 'll be watching her soap . "
tr	NN	It made their skin paler , their hair darker , their eyes as black as night .
tr	NNS	How dare you fight the heavens . "
tr	NNS	Sha showed his fangs again .
tr	NN	To fill in the gaps in her income , she only had one option .
tr	NN	There was an instant , immediate sound , somewhere between a wildcat 's scream and the sizzle of bacon hitting a hot skillet .
tr	NN	Finally Buddy retrieved the ice cream maker , and they returned to the main house for dessert .
tr	NNS	" Jazz needs secure accommodations . "
tr	NNS	I racked my brains in panic , trying to remember what I 'd ever decided to get her for graduation that she might have seen .
tr	NN	She could hear the sincerity in his voice .
tr	NN	But my heart was already setting another goal , even though my head had reservations .
tr	NN	Susan wrapped a saucer in newspaper and gripped it tightly to her chest .
tr	NN	She added an additional quarter of an inch to her five foot five , height .
tr	NN	" They won 't eat the T-bone steak I cut up for their breakfast .
tr	NN	" And where on earth did you get this outfit ? "
tr	NNS	" Mia , we are losing too many good doctors . "
tr	NN	A sharp pain shoots up my bicep .
tr	NN	' Don 't try my patience , girl !
tr	NNS	" Why would anyone need such large buildings to store goods ? "
tr	NNS	With an audible swallow , he tentatively laid his palms against her face , brushing his thumbs over her tears .
tr	NNS	" I 've got connections . "
tr	NNS	While you planned petty burglaries , I organized raids .
tr	NN	" If you see anyone else coming , honk the horn .
tr	NN	I bought a new saddle for Speed .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to say " Huh ? "
tr	NN	I grab my baseball bat from the floor and stare into the lifeless face of the oncoming walker .
tr	NNS	We have connections . "
tr	NNS	A few wear what could be dark , elongated coats .
tr	NN	" Tara , for someone who says she 's never been in love , you give great advice .
tr	NNS	Leaving all else behind -- in Sarah 's case , her entire life -- we caught the stragglers on the journey down the mountain .
tr	NN	I love the effect I have on her .
tr	NN	Jason heard the hatch slam shut above .
tr	NN	That world took substance around me .
tr	NN	The officers finished their orientation , and I joined Abraham , who began introducing himself to the newcomers one at a time .
tr	NN	" I have another appointment now .
tr	NNS	" Though I still don 't think they mean to let us go , perhaps they have other designs for us besides a quick death . "
tr	NN	Behind his back , tucked under his jacket , rested a 9mm pistol chambered and ready to fire .
tr	NN	He straightened his spine and faced his father-in-law across the room .
tr	NNS	Never before had vultures circled the skies above their town .
tr	NNS	I remember the brightness of the lightning , and the extremely loud booming sound of the thunder . "
tr	NNS	Stoltz noted these reactions with professional interest .
tr	NNS	With great effort , I force my fangs to slide out .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at him .
tr	NN	Brady had gotten her jewelry .
tr	NNS	I emptied my pockets to cover some of one round .
tr	NN	" Put down the rifle .
tr	NNS	We want our clients to be happy .
tr	NN	There was no vehicle in the vicinity , meaning Jake had not heeded her advice and would come at his own time .
tr	NNS	She noticed , once again , the terrible claw marks which raked his temple and disappeared into his hairline .
tr	NNS	He took the bombs out to the lawn and garden center along with a couple of RC cars .
tr	NN	Inside the restroom , I made a quick survey .
tr	NNS	That still left two more power spikes , two more chances for Max to take her life .
tr	NNS	He walked a few paces , stopped .
tr	NN	At first I do not see the wagon , and my heart jolts in dismay , for we cannot coax this man much farther .
tr	NNS	She had recited the pros and cons of several over-the-counter birth control methods before he managed to stop laughing and occupied her thoughts with something else instead .
tr	NN	Ryker began his pacing again , stepping over the man 's head .
tr	NN	Opening his desk drawer he pulled out the file that he kept on the other alphas ' contact details .
tr	NN	She grabbed a paper towel from the dispenser .
tr	NNS	" I had my suspicions .
tr	NNS	Apple , peach and tuberose filled my senses .
tr	NNS	When I was in school we had shit all facilities .
tr	NNS	She bats her eyelashes innocently .
tr	NNS	I had twenty dollars .
tr	NNS	Chapter 9 The Story Behind " -- in another life . "
tr	NN	The Senator let out a fairly uncivilized growl .
tr	NNS	After what had happened to Amy , he wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	She nodded fervently and began to sponge away the sticky red mass as Garn took another pot and exited the wagon .
tr	NNS	put all the jokes up front just to get people to buy the book ! "
tr	NN	Amanda Laura Martin Charney may approach the bench . "
tr	NN	I couldn 't fight the urge to breathe the ocean .
tr	NNS	Lucas picked up the coins and put them in his pocket .
tr	NN	A cold chill ran down her spine and she sat up straight .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down Paris ' spine .
tr	NN	He prised off the lid and tipped three of the yellow pills into his mouth , crunching them with his teeth .
tr	NNS	I don 't think the kidnappers counted on that .
tr	NNS	Come along , the locals will have refreshments laid out in the pavilion .
tr	NN	" I don 't need your pity . "
tr	NNS	" You fear tunnels ? "
tr	NNS	He and only a few others had touched the black dogs but they had not changed into some other hound for them .
tr	NN	I slung off the lid and gulped it down till the last drop .
tr	NNS	Slippery fluids trickled down her inner thighs and she swallowed hard as he stepped closer .
tr	NN	More than I ever gave you credit for . "
tr	NNS	But I sure gave them a few gray hairs back in the day . "
tr	NN	But I had pulled open the right-hand drawer on Martin 's desk as I dialed Angel , and this time there was a flashlight in my hand .
tr	NNS	" Yes , sir , bugs that come in a bottle that eat away metal .
tr	NN	He left the stove and came to put his arms around my waist .
tr	NNS	In seconds , he was pushing down the cups of her bra and letting her bouncy tits spill into his hands .
tr	NN	He twisted the lid off and handed it to me .
tr	NN	But when he accidentally marked a correct reply as wrong , he set the pen down and rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	Martin smiled weakly , " Where am I ? "
tr	NN	At the same time , the judge made a gesture with his hand , telling the trumpeters to blow the horns .
tr	NNS	" I cannot intentionally doom millions to an untimely death .
tr	NN	She took a slow blink , and a deep breath as she backed up to the parallel wall of the alley .
tr	NNS	Such a large number of goblins would need many provisions .
tr	NN	She felt a pang of loneliness .
tr	NN	We have strawberry , hot fudge , and caramel . "
tr	NNS	Blue fired three more shots through the sofa .
tr	NNS	" That 's like picking up powers between levels in a video game , but you don 't die for real in a video game ! "
tr	NN	She pledges her faith he has a better right to the throne of England than the King .
tr	NNS	He had discussed various investments with her , listening to her opinions as if they were valid .
tr	NN	" How did I ever get the misfortune of getting stuck with you as a patrols partner ? "
tr	NNS	She didn 't touch the chocolates .
tr	NNS	He grabbed our coffees and handed me the bigger one .
tr	NNS	Freaks tested our defenses from all sides , but we didn 't let them pass .
tr	NN	" Almost as good , we 're getting a medal . "
tr	NN	She closed her menu first , so he looked up .
tr	NN	His fingers touched cold plastic and he pulled out the water bottle .
tr	NN	Tom rubbed his knuckles absently .
tr	NN	" Get the net ! "
tr	NN	" I 'm so sorry to hear about your daddy , " I hear her slur .
tr	NNS	" Somehow , I had a feeling that no matter what I told you , you 'd need reinforcements from others you respect .
tr	NNS	But they won 't hold those positions forever .
tr	NNS	" Our procedure requires recording interviews for the official record .
tr	NN	You have shown the galaxy that we are indeed the threat a very tiny minority of humans believed us to be ! "
tr	NNS	Chapter 35 A warm glow reflected off the clouds in the northeast sky .
tr	NNS	The steering yoke in front of her mirrored his movements until it somehow seemed he sat in her seat , as well .
tr	NN	An hour later , she 'd completed her second circuit and was about to call in an all clear when she spotted Nadia heading straight for her .
tr	NNS	Blood coated his palms .
tr	NN	If I ever bring it up , they change the topic immediately .
tr	NNS	" We didn 't have the full specifics ... . . "
tr	NNS	" I trust , gentlemen , that there is no man here who is not prepared to do his duty for England .
tr	NNS	I have no credentials .
tr	NN	And , the Regulator has allowed the claim .
tr	NNS	" That would mean two different pairs of shoes .
tr	NNS	Denise is paying me twelve hundred dollars and I 've earned less than half of it . "
tr	NN	James was striding down the hill , waving his arm above his head .
tr	NNS	They would crack jokes , and I would watch them goof around .
tr	NNS	I mean , most families around here and in the forest already have enough mouths to feed without adopting a child not of their own blood .
tr	NN	" Eat cake , daddy ! "
tr	NNS	Concurrent with this joy , Moss and Maggie had made their own little discoveries .
tr	NN	He unfurled the scroll and spent a few moments reading before he looked up again .
tr	NN	" Who the hell finds treasure anymore ?
tr	NNS	I slipped off my sandals and slid under the top hide .
tr	NN	Avalon sent me his thought telepathically in the middle of French .
tr	NNS	I 've had better offers , but I decided not to negotiate .
tr	NNS	All of the stage crew and the MC gathered backstage and opened a few bottles of champagne to celebrate the success of the conference .
tr	NN	" You really like this crap ? "
tr	NN	Gray sized up his opponent .
tr	NNS	Give over yourselves to the lion , even your lives , to the end of your lives !
tr	NN	She didn 't need her real world colliding with her fake one .
tr	NNS	He controlled the missions and they focused on rescue , not combat .
tr	NN	I slide the mop back in and slowly close the door , trying to play cool .
tr	NN	And you 'll beg my forgiveness .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to crawl into bed and sleep for the next few days .
tr	NNS	" Believe me , I 've been wracking my brains trying to work out why this happened .
tr	NN	In the new estuaries , rich in sudden silt and unexpected food , a few fish began the experiment of a salt-free diet .
tr	NNS	His mouth drew her nipples into wet beads of sensual torment , punished by sharp little bites and soothed by his tongue .
tr	NN	Possible internal bleeding . "
tr	NNS	You were freely roaming the halls . "
tr	NNS	You can call these elements as instincts and culture .
tr	NN	" I do have your Time Capsule flag . "
tr	NNS	" The men are only bruised , a couple have a few cracked ribs . "
tr	NNS	They don 't give rides any more .
tr	NNS	They had visible daggers in their belts , and one wore a sword .
tr	NNS	We also have two undercover detectives .
tr	NNS	They include all spells of summoning .
tr	NN	he asked the Deity .
tr	NN	The only way to reach it was by piloting a pod ; metal vessels designed to be powered by the Oneness .
tr	NN	He picked up the dead bird and threw it as hard as he could into the bushes that marked the boundary of the garden .
tr	NNS	And as he began slamming you against the walls , you threw the pencils into the air at the right moment .
tr	NN	Felt the familiar lump in the throat .
tr	NNS	I saw the sandwiches ; he had taken the money .
tr	NNS	" Has the boy had any other visions ? "
tr	NN	He secures his bat beneath his arm .
tr	NNS	She lit candles for me while I attended to the horses , one to ride and one for baggage .
tr	NNS	" Remember the numbers next to your names .
tr	NNS	I brought out the compass that Este had given everyone and started walking in the direction that we were originally headed .
tr	NNS	Concentrating all your efforts on science : tonics , balms , cures .
tr	NN	Sarah soaked up the flood of attention .
tr	NN	He programmed a frequency sweep and set it to stop at any signal greater than noise and let it go .
tr	NNS	They 've poisoned our seas .
tr	NNS	We have lost so many members of our pack in past altercations with vampires that are not nearly as strong or barbaric as David .
tr	NNS	" I 've been pushing my clients toward the stock market lately .
tr	NNS	She had only gone a few yards when a woman who looked vaguely familiar approached her .
tr	NN	We could use a wagon to bring them back . "
tr	NNS	Luna retrieved her wineglass and took another gulp .
tr	NN	The government had invaded her privacy before .
tr	NNS	He checked the numbers , found the data was accurate , and stared at the screen .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to take another pain pill .
tr	NNS	He lifted the covers off their plates and her stomach grumbled in appreciation at the lobster and crab before her .
tr	NN	Learning to play the piano and sing with her .
tr	NNS	Streaks of gold painted the clouds that hovered just below us .
tr	NN	Or ... take a leap of faith .
tr	NNS	* * * * * Everyone has magical powers .
tr	NN	" Hey , you promised me a full day 's sightseeing .
tr	NNS	The cap had blue silk roses clustered above her left ear , which gave her an oddly rakish appearance .
tr	NNS	The towers follows the coach roads .
tr	NN	A jealous tingling ran up his spine .
tr	NNS	Emerson missed the dynamics between the two and gave in to his wife .
tr	NN	The solitary blossom overpowers the bouquet .
tr	NNS	Jim and Jack made tracks through the museum , keeping a good bit of distance .
tr	NNS	" She doesn 't have the balls to do it . "
tr	NN	Ice had no objection to her command and eased onto the couch , propping his injured foot on the coffee table with a sigh of relief .
tr	NNS	" Any objections to that ? "
tr	NNS	Don 't worry , I only kept a few bucks for my troubles . "
tr	NN	I always carry powdered hot chocolate with me , and there was a little coffeepot in the room .
tr	NNS	Andy spreads the bathing suits out on the ground .
tr	NN	He gives me extra whipped cream on my dessert .
tr	NNS	Her specialty is killing lovers in front of each other . "
tr	NNS	" I know that , " Agamemnon said dangerously .
tr	NN	She tosses her half-eaten slice back into the box before leaving for her bedroom .
tr	NNS	There would be no more weighing scales or locked cupboards .
tr	NN	" You have a sweet tooth ? "
tr	NN	The master sergeant dropped the weapons carrier 's tailgate and clambered inside .
tr	NN	The baby had filled a deep emotional void in her , one she 'd ignored for years .
tr	NNS	He saw bursts of light at the edge of his vision and then started to black out .
tr	NN	I felt a sharp pang in the base of my stomach at the thought of it .
tr	NN	Right then he recognised his beloved gliding towards him ; overdressed to perfection .
tr	NN	He was wearing a Detroit Tigers baseball cap .
tr	NN	Ernesto snatched a hurried glimpse at his enemy , only to realize precisely late that he had escaped .
tr	NNS	Then yellow roses for friendship and caring ; ' I care for you and wish to have your friendship . '
tr	NNS	Offer them leading positions on almost equal terms ?
tr	NNS	" Oh , but many fashionable families send their sons away , some much younger than Daniel . "
tr	NNS	The next second I felt the first shudders of the most powerful orgasm I 'd ever had rip through my core .
tr	NNS	Any closer and he 'd be licking burns along with the bite wounds he undoubtedly would be suffering soon .
tr	NNS	Your performance inside this facility could dictate your job assignments out in the real world .
tr	NNS	The machine itself was moving out inches and making an awful sound .
tr	NNS	In the distance , I saw fireflies twinkling in the trees and could smell the fresh scents of summer .
tr	NN	Darla stopped digging in her bag and looked at Maggie .
tr	NNS	" So I always supported the good efforts of my colleagues , and tried to counsel others away from causing disaster .
tr	NN	Pearls adorned the style , matching the beading in her gown .
tr	NN	I lowered my revolver , and when I did , Max pointed his gun at me .
tr	NNS	Diana pulled out her eye drops .
tr	NN	Clary held the cloth up , letting it unfold .
tr	NNS	They would retrieve their dogs and put them back to work , not poison them .
tr	NN	Brick pulled the rope .
tr	NNS	I do the dishes and fold up the take-out containers .
tr	NNS	The majority of the servants had focused their efforts on the weaker of the two giants -- a wise move .
tr	NNS	He carried two plates filled with pasta and a rich , creamy tomato sauce over to the table near the fireplace .
tr	NNS	You know , it took me centuries to be able to create my own sacred space out of thin air , Rhi .
tr	NNS	When he released the little chrome kickstand and found a small bar to rest his feet on , his knees hung mere inches above the ground .
tr	NNS	" For a series that investigates haunted houses ? "
tr	NNS	He parted her tender folds , and his fingers began to stroke her .
tr	NNS	At length , Lisa felt quite clearly all her senses suddenly come back to her .
tr	NN	Without hardly thinking , I leave the pistol and I run back down to Viola at the edge of the scrub .
tr	NNS	Maybe he had been ignoring serious issues in my mouth ?
tr	NN	I haven 't a stitch on and the room is ... Well , it 's obvious what we 've been doing . "
tr	NNS	Pike asked , brow furrowed thinking troubles between the two men having been long solved .
tr	NNS	They sound more distant than the other doors .
tr	NNS	Don 't worry and if you start feeling a panic attack coming on again , just take deep breaths and focus on calming your body . "
tr	NN	" Give us some credit for imagination .
tr	NNS	" We 've been hearing reports that civilian areas surrounding the airport have been hit by bombs .
tr	NN	" I have the Shroud .
tr	NNS	One tendril of dark blond hair had escaped the confines of his cap and was curled on his forehead .
tr	NN	The guard grabbed a handful of Colton 's shirt and pulled him to the side , then stood and kicked him in the stomach .
tr	NN	You 've got talent . "
tr	NNS	" I do not so easily abandon the customs of my people .
tr	NN	We had the element of surprise , and we shouldn 't have any problems taking the robbers out - Crunch .
tr	NNS	Slowly it penetrated the black layers that shrouded his mind , forming a tiny link with his consciousness .
tr	NN	Scattering across the beach , the wolves turn their full fury on the innocent maidens .
tr	NNS	The shells fired by their cannon lit up the marble statues in the burial ground , making them seem as if they were moving .
tr	NN	She could hear the crackle of a pit fire nearby and feel its warmth .
tr	NNS	Some held spears and other muskets .
tr	NNS	" I have some terms for us both to agree to .
tr	NNS	He 'd instructed all the actors to stay in gender character even when they weren 't at the theater .
tr	NNS	I had been expecting wires , smallish motherboard looking things , and , well , more wires .
tr	NNS	He punched the cushions of the sofa .
tr	NN	She didn 't like the bargain her parents offered her , but she would have to make it work .
tr	NNS	" She really likes toilets . "
tr	NN	Arms wrapped tightly around my waist , he set the swing into a gentle sway .
tr	NNS	I turned my hands palms up in an exaggerated shrug .
tr	NNS	If our peoples are to prosper we must accept and honor the different customs of other peoples . "
tr	NN	Ron brushed a stray strand of hair away from her eyes , making her skin crawl .
tr	NNS	I feel the spasms of her orgasm and hear her panting softly .
tr	NN	She ascended the cargo ramp .
tr	NNS	They were carrying small plates of appetizers for everybody .
tr	NN	And grew all tingly again at the memory of that hot , deep gaze in Biker Boy 's eyes when they 'd connected with Lexi 's .
tr	NNS	You have no doubts ? "
tr	NNS	He had roamed the back roads as a teenager and had hunted the mountains since he 'd been old enough to carry a rifle .
tr	NNS	Constantia paid her attentions to a visitor to your home , someone who was concerned because you hadn 't been seen this morning .
tr	NNS	Know my political aspirations ?
tr	NN	Oh , thank goodness it was just a dream .
tr	NN	Because overall , the skirt demanded respect .
tr	NN	" When I was taken as a little girl , I was visiting my uncle .
tr	NNS	And hell , it had probably kept his ribs from breaking , so maybe he 'd been right after all .
tr	NNS	But they would quickly switch their attentions back to the other peculiar feature in the large room : a man pacing up and down it relentlessly .
tr	NN	Pope laid the debriefing document down and refilled the two glasses again .
tr	NN	Why it stopped she had no comprehension .
tr	NNS	Wilson and Reynolds rarely visited their offices .
tr	NNS	You have my apologies and I will continue to send them to you until you pardon my abysmal behavior .
tr	NN	He had a vest on , but it still hurt him .
tr	NN	The waiter brought Colin 's steak and the bottle of wine Colin ordered .
tr	NN	" You 're not losing your virginity in a dream .
tr	NNS	He took hasty and insufficient measures to protect the kingdom .
tr	NNS	He turned and saw three strange forms standing over his brother .
tr	NN	The walls were painted the palest cream on top .
tr	NNS	" We only have sixty-two students this year . "
tr	NNS	Nicholas held two magazines - one of which was the October 12 issue of Sports Illustrated .
tr	NN	He ate the plastic wrapping on his sandwich first .
tr	NN	Calmly , certainly , Rachel uttered the command he had used to disperse her fire attack .
tr	NNS	Yet , how had his grandfather made the arrangements after he had been hospitalized so unexpectedly ?
tr	NNS	My jacket had big deep pockets so I could get by without a bag .
tr	NNS	She herself knew a little about engineering , but what she had known about was scheduling and running meetings .
tr	NN	The lead Indian jerked his horse backwards and emitted a loud whoop .
tr	NNS	NSA will take down wire service operations .
tr	NN	Behind him , he heard a low , dangerous growl , and he froze immediately .
tr	NNS	Following up leads ? "
tr	NNS	Lauren happily blew out the candles that stood on top of the biggest and grandest cake Sakura had ever seen .
tr	NN	We had a truce .
tr	NN	Mary Jo carefully set her fork next to her plate .
tr	NN	But tonight no menu .
tr	NN	In their faces , one can see the joy of those who go towards a long awaited future , convinced of seeing it achieved soon .
tr	NN	Sarah feels that same nausea overcoming her , like yesterday .
tr	NN	He let his hand sweep around to the side where her tattoo waited a mere scrap of Lycra away .
tr	NNS	Just as complicated a process was employed there , only at the end , one of Grey House 's Master Wizards placed spells on the blades .
tr	NN	She let out a frustrated growl .
tr	NN	" The Son of God would not lack faith . "
tr	NNS	You didn 't bring any dogs ? "
tr	NN	" How many of you , " Tibor said , " have taken your first instruction ? "
tr	NN	Jax asked , a gleam in his eye .
tr	NN	He tied a loose knot at her waist .
tr	NN	" Carmichael has since met a very nice orthopedic surgeon named Debbie , and the two of them are very happy together . "
tr	NNS	Sandy and I watched the drying racks .
tr	NN	Rachel was staring at me , trying to send me Morse code through her eyeballs .
tr	NN	" Remember our lesson on the deception of appearances ? "
tr	NN	She loved cake but at the moment had lost her appetite .
tr	NN	" They train their new folk on the little mobs . "
tr	NNS	The rest of the pickers had found their own forms of shade and were busy eating the lunches the field boss provided as part of their pay .
tr	NNS	" I want ruins and old cemeteries and green hills .
tr	NN	Due to this fact , we are requesting the removal and replacement of Chief of Police John Long .
tr	NN	He 'd finished the first rack of glasses and was halfway through the second .
tr	NN	She also admired his taut backside , eager to see it bared .
tr	NNS	" Does this involve the so-called bandits ? "
tr	NN	I gave her one last squeeze before pulling back and looking into her face .
tr	NN	" On the other hand , he 'd dropped his steak into the fire , so I 'd had to split mine with him .
tr	NNS	" Anyone else question my motives ? "
tr	NNS	We also had a few crucial supplies that would get us through the winter and such .
tr	NN	Ryland whispered a prayer asking for forgiveness if anything went wrong .
tr	NN	She put down the fork and sighed .
tr	NNS	Nate levitated a few inches off the ground .
tr	NNS	He 'd have dismissed the remarks as idle cocktail party conversation and meaningless flattery , but he 'd witnessed Tamara entertaining one conversation partner after another .
tr	NNS	The gravelly timbre of his voice whipped her hormones into a frenzy .
tr	NN	" She could try every trade until she found something she liked and still have centuries worth of fruitful career .
tr	NNS	As his creativity grew , so did the crowds .
tr	NN	A large fountain sprayed a cascade of water from the middle of the lake , and the Alps sat as a backdrop to the perfect postcard picture .
tr	NNS	They have handpicked our leaders , just like the tribes , and killed those they found unacceptable .
tr	NNS	' You shouldn 't be using your skills to improve the way you look !
tr	NNS	Instead , I waved him over and showed him the techniques my mother had taught me .
tr	NNS	" They have ships ? "
tr	NNS	He owns millions of acres or whatever they measure land in .
tr	NN	" But you have told your uncle , your brother ? "
tr	NNS	The medication and ice pack had done wonders on his wounds but he still looked like hell .
tr	NN	When Liz arrived , she found the door unlocked and the record spinning silently .
tr	NN	I don 't love her as I once did , I just couldn 't let her rot in the prison Daniel had built for her .
tr	NNS	Lyssa picked up the plates and put them in the sink rinsing them off before loading the dishwasher .
tr	NN	He owed her more than his life , he owed her his sanity .
tr	NNS	She envied the servants , knowing that they would be able to stay in this little oasis year long , just waiting for Dimitri to come along .
tr	NN	" You can control your heart rate , slow it down , speed it up ?
tr	NNS	He has vessels . "
tr	NN	Lou elbowed the actor .
tr	NNS	Otherwise , we had the same classes on weekends as we did on weekdays .
tr	NN	Smiley took the revolver from Tench 's hand .
tr	NN	Unexpectedly , the Scribe produced a dagger and handed it to her .
tr	NNS	' Yes , he could join other bands but if they don 't suffer his crap then he 'll have to join another band , and another .
tr	NN	He felt his mother stiffen beside him and knew this was for her benefit more than his .
tr	NN	They bore no resemblance to the weapon used in the testing centre , but the light was the same .
tr	NN	You run a huge estate .
tr	NNS	" Of sorts . "
tr	NN	Stryker had a sparse style when it came to furniture , except for the fact that there were musical instruments and books and other crap piled everywhere .
tr	NNS	Automatically he scanned his surroundings to ensure that all safeguards were in place and his lair was undisturbed .
tr	NNS	" We have four assault teams in position .
tr	NN	His mention of my sister sent an urge rushing through me to finish the job , but I couldn 't injure him further .
tr	NNS	She studied the floor tiles as a sad look spread across her face .
tr	NN	They thanked the Great Spirit for their good fortune .
tr	NNS	She usually made excuses for Ted to Heather to spare her daughter 's feelings and protect her .
tr	NNS	They stepped back a few paces and waited .
tr	NNS	He set the chairs down for us at the end of the table , with a slight smile on his face .
tr	NNS	At this stage they confirm the satellite data with the ground-based data . "
tr	NN	Pat handed John the sixteen ounce jar .
tr	NNS	That entailed complications and required a commitment that he had trouble even addressing .
tr	NN	In its place , silence takes seed and grows into a solid wall of thorny vines , sequestering each of us off into our own little worlds .
tr	NN	" A visitor , requesting an audience with you , My Queen . "
tr	NNS	Dee owned all sorts of businesses , restaurants being one branch of them .
tr	NNS	' How far upstream is that waterfall ? '
tr	NN	And they have personality . "
tr	NNS	What the hell have you head doctors been studying all these years with your dreams and your complexes and your Christ ?
tr	NNS	I said my prayers and went to sleep .
tr	NN	While Bryson and I keep scanning the code ? "
tr	NN	The cat turned a baleful glare at Colin , promising later retribution at this grievous affront to his feline dignity .
tr	NNS	The teen had two marks where Ormond had scored a hit .
tr	NN	I ignored her protest and held his eye , knowing that this was the make or break point for her father .
tr	NNS	He gave the man the soil and water samples after showing exactly where he lived on the large map that hung on the wall .
tr	NNS	We do have classes together . "
tr	NN	She slips the tea canister into a big pocket on her favorite kitchen apron .
tr	NNS	Ethan tore down the halls .
tr	NN	He walked back to her , a little red-faced , and wondering what she was looking at .
tr	NNS	Its touch had the tiny hairs along my arms and the back of my neck standing upright , but its effect was more dramatic on our target .
tr	NN	He let out a long , slow groan .
tr	NNS	I eyed the robots along the wall .
tr	NN	Her heart gave a sudden leap at his tempting words .
tr	NN	Before they could recuperate and before the rest of them could attack us I let out a huge blast of light .
tr	NNS	He 'd taken several trips out to the city to get a sense of how different they were .
tr	NNS	Graeme could hear her shouting insults to Eveline , and Eveline bellowed loud enough for the entire keep to hear .
tr	NNS	No answer , but the youth 's listless gaze followed his actions .
tr	NN	" Hey , Stubs , get your fat butt over here ! "
tr	NN	I hated his effect on me , but at the same time it thrilled me .
tr	NN	She would never tell him what he wanted to hear , would never spend a second massaging his ego because he was a wealthy superstar .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Reynolds looked past Savannah .
tr	NN	Jason rapped his knuckles on the table , garnering everyone 's attention .
tr	NNS	I searched all three shelves , then stood and checked the nightstand on the other side of the bed .
tr	NN	He attains celebrity status with his evening game of Crazy Cat .
tr	NNS	Vel mentioned scout ships , but unless we power up some impressive machinery , they 're not going to notice us .
tr	NNS	But she has other sons , and there are rumors that she has made an alliance with the Master of the Italian Fortress .
tr	NNS	She wore the most uncomfortable sandals Kane had ever seen , which caused her ankles and toes to swell .
tr	NN	I pulled back the curtain and knelt down beside the white tub , resting my forearms on the lip .
tr	NNS	" Yes , limited skills , indeed .
tr	NN	After a quick reunion Sam pulled the anchor and placed the launch in tow , I turned the Whitby seaward and we said goodbye to Venezuela .
tr	NN	She felt her nerves flutter at the sight .
tr	NN	" Red , " Kenny replied , busy digging through the pile .
tr	NN	" You will suffer no harm from me . "
tr	NN	He opened the file carefully , his eyes reading the numbers and measurements carefully and then going wide at the notation of the gene at the bottom .
tr	NNS	I have meetings scheduled all morning . "
tr	NNS	His dark curls still bore the marks from a comb , although they were struggling to break free .
tr	NNS	The would-be killer would soon discover the knives hidden in Min 's sleeves .
tr	NN	Elena opened the top file drawer again and started going through it methodical y. " I don 't want to talk about this , Meredith .
tr	NNS	Vin had never heard those tales as a child .
tr	NNS	I lifted the blinds and looked out onto the deck .
tr	NNS	Everyone must follow exact directions to their new compartments .
tr	NN	Alcide and Roy ordered a basket of fried pickles and two hamburgers apiece .
tr	NNS	Can you stop vans going forty miles an hour ?
tr	NN	" Dear , I read an article in the paper about renting a commercial kitchen . "
tr	NNS	Thick mascara far too dark for her fair coloring coated Amy 's eyelashes , in sharp contrast to the light blue of her eyes .
tr	NN	I grabbed the wire again and shot off another bolt .
tr	NN	He wore a tight pink polo , seersucker shorts , and star-shaped sunglasses .
tr	NN	Don 't underestimate the loyalty of my son .
tr	NN	I don 't like football , but I didn 't want to be left alone with my thoughts tonight .
tr	NN	He gave her shoulders another squeeze .
tr	NN	He kissed her breathlessly , her mouth , her cheek , her eyes , and back down to her chin .
tr	NNS	" Just take deep breaths and calm down before someone notices how nervous you are . "
tr	NN	Noah gave a mock shudder .
tr	NNS	Pickers can 't pick just the oranges that are easy to get to .
tr	NN	If you want to know the taste of a pear , you must change the pear by eating it yourself .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't explain my actions .
tr	NN	They wanted more proof even if it meant blood .
tr	NN	Debbie flashed open the coat closet where she removed an unused , wire coat hanger .
tr	NNS	She had bigger issues at hand .
tr	NNS	He pours four cups and gratefully I take a sip , something to relieve the headache and the hangover from last night .
tr	NNS	With a skill born of experience , the scout ripped away the bindings and scooped up a passenger from behind .
tr	NN	I could feel my heart rate slowing down and my body gradually relaxing .
tr	NNS	She watched the two locking like neighbouring jigsaw pieces .
tr	NN	Mr. Mac had tied a rope to his saddle and carefully backed his horse over close to the hole .
tr	NNS	She 'd planted the seeds early .
tr	NN	That just brings out the opposition . "
tr	NN	The ice bubble had a high rate of spin compared to the planet within .
tr	NNS	Victor studied the figures seated around the table .
tr	NNS	And according to Doctor Avery , it has many benefits for the body .
tr	NN	Darkness could increase the likelihood of escape or , possibly , aid in Corbin 's success .
tr	NN	Her stepping barefoot into the snow and watching it bleed red beneath her feet .
tr	NNS	My hands wandered up her thighs before finding the sweet spot between her legs .
tr	NN	You 're giving them the appropriate credit .
tr	NN	" But I 've been reading this article that it 's sort of prevalent in high-school sports , too . "
tr	NNS	Every race has its bad seeds , one supposes .
tr	NN	" Don 't tell anybody you have it , Dennis .
tr	NN	She quietly put back a jar of Russian mustard Vivian had placed in the cart , but kept the olives .
tr	NN	The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission .
tr	NNS	At the thought of making love to him there , she grew dizzy with anticipation .
tr	NN	He touched and held the blip and then selected ' Open in Maps ' .
tr	NNS	I examined my surroundings .
tr	NNS	" Your dad always bought her pink roses .
tr	NNS	Lucia knew her finances , down to the penny that was breathing its last gasp in Jazz 's bank account .
tr	NN	" Tactical intelligence ? "
tr	NNS	Political parties had conferences , doctors had conferences and even carpet cleaners had conferences but gangs ?
tr	NN	I stood for a few long moments , my breath a tangible element suspended in the frigid air .
tr	NNS	" You must submit yourselves to -- " " We must do nothing ! "
tr	NNS	These little towns don 't have local radio facilities , so they play games the same evening .
tr	NN	" Well , I have a confession . "
tr	NNS	" You don 't have any powers .
tr	NN	The Danes would purchase a ball-bearing factory in Toledo and wire in the purchase money from a subsidiary bank in Munich .
tr	NNS	If you cut them down too soon , you may get some boards but not as many as you could if you waited .
tr	NNS	I wrap the wires into a bundle then tie tying them into a tight circle with my finger .
tr	NNS	The freshness of the air chilled his insides to a temperature he could only label in terms of pleasure .
tr	NN	Julie entered the cafeteria and she could see that the cooks were already done preparing breakfast .
tr	NN	Oh wow the betrayal .
tr	NNS	Vampires generally don 't use hidden blades . "
tr	NN	He pocketed his pistol , nodded to one of the men , and turned to leave the room .
tr	NN	" A week ago Ryan Hendricks had a full medical exam for insurance for a movie he 's doing .
tr	NN	" You insult my intelligence when you do so . "
tr	NN	How else could she give them the best advice ?
tr	NN	He felt no obligation to explain .
tr	NNS	This drew murmurs of agreement .
tr	NNS	He 'd already had the rough numbers from Hazel but confirmation was good .
tr	NN	I enjoyed the solitude it gave me .
tr	NNS	Work out terms to repay what I borrowed .
tr	NN	Stephanie has a great respect for you .
tr	NNS	The tailor threw down his shears , whipped the fabric off the table , and smoothed a new piece of cloth in its place .
tr	NN	She had finished his bath by expertly braiding his hair before securing it in two places with golden bands .
tr	NNS	I 'd use those terms , but never ' idiot . ' "
tr	NN	A Real-Life Romeo , In Love With Love , said the caption next to the montage .
tr	NN	I closed the trunk and then I walked over to her side of the car and then we looked around .
tr	NNS	" I would need the proper supplies . "
tr	NN	Should I be watching some porn ?
tr	NNS	The scent of leather and taste of vampire invaded her senses .
tr	NN	He made a speech , though , just before he sent his forces to attack you .
tr	NN	As he swept past some rubbish bins he snatched up the lid off one , a dented metal circle that would serve as a primitive shield .
tr	NNS	Send your messengers to all the corners of the kingdom .
tr	NN	Walter picked up a pen , twirled it in his fingers for a second , then tossed it to his desktop in disgust .
tr	NN	she asked , humor in her voice .
tr	NNS	She wanted her own shots and her own observations and , hopefully , her own interview .
tr	NN	He finally hung up the receiver and poured himself another measure of his favorite .
tr	NN	The reminder of what had happened that morning made a block of ice form in my stomach , and I dug my nails into my palm .
tr	NNS	And his eyes would haunt her nightmares forever .
tr	NN	We do the media circuit talking about it . "
tr	NNS	I grabbed my bath candles and lit them around the edges , having the candles around the bath made it more relaxing .
tr	NNS	" The Cylons are proving hardier foes than anyone could have guessed .
tr	NNS	You 're wasting your talents .
tr	NN	He wore only a towel .
tr	NN	His voice was rough , almost a feral growl of sound .
tr	NN	She caught a single glimpse of his face , all angles and pallor and scars , before he drew a stele from his robe .
tr	NN	Then came a curious reluctance to go into the kitchen to get herself some supper .
tr	NNS	Of late , for the past twenty years , we have plagued the Middle East , disrupting financial activities , stealing assets , denying funds and profits .
tr	NNS	Something about history has bothered me , and you said I had to relax , what better way than reading the archives ? "
tr	NNS	" Sweet , ripe , luscious strawberries , sweet enough to eat .
tr	NNS	If that happens we have real issues and might lose the mother .
tr	NNS	" I 've been having issues with a guy at work . "
tr	NNS	Slowing to a trot Kol surveys his surroundings looking for signs of animals , after a few minutes he spots the tracks of some deer .
tr	NNS	One second we were dodging chunks of concrete as Julian searched in vain .
tr	NNS	Today , if you hear his voice , do not harden your hearts as the Israelites did in the wilderness , thus provoking God 's wrath . "
tr	NN	We have a deal Jasmine and I hope you 're smart enough to remember that .
tr	NN	" Ouch , " he said weakly , which made her laugh .
tr	NN	She threw a pillow at him .
tr	NNS	" Take your chances like the colossal man that you are . "
tr	NNS	How could anyone know the powers those first five truly contained .
tr	NN	But I don 't feel the urge to buy it now . "
tr	NNS	" For once , you followed directions . "
tr	NN	" I haven 't seen anybody .
tr	NN	He went out a hero .
tr	NNS	They made limitless excuses ; I don 't know him ; I don 't want to get involved ; I need to be somewhere .
tr	NN	" Did she recognize the language ? "
tr	NNS	The knowledge that this stunning , undeniably sexual creature was hers made her breathless .
tr	NN	Our driver was wearing a black and white uniform and held out his white gloved hand as he helped me into the air-conditioned car .
tr	NNS	There then came four tiny pops .
tr	NN	Mike allowed the words flow as he told Kelly the rest of the story .
tr	NNS	Maybe conduct the first tours .
tr	NN	And it was getting hotter .
tr	NNS	" They make the most uncommon noises , not unlike a person crying .
tr	NN	Mitch gave her shoulder a gentle squeeze .
tr	NN	Did you see an anchor alongside the stars ? "
tr	NNS	Lara redoubled her efforts .
tr	NNS	Usually , the pill dulled all areas of the brain except for the one in which the person was naturally most gifted .
tr	NN	The only real hassle is finding a crooked doc . "
tr	NN	She pushed a silver toast rack across the table toward Tessa .
tr	NNS	The heady fragrance of the flowers filled her senses .
tr	NNS	" Stan , come on , you don 't have any clients . "
tr	NNS	Two of the orphans were cleaning dishes .
tr	NNS	I follow directions , and after a minute , I feel great again .
tr	NN	She straightened her spine .
tr	NNS	A shotgun blast hits the mattress .
tr	NN	" The police were searching his shed so they must have got a tip from someone . "
tr	NNS	As he started , I quickly filled all the little mushroom cups with their stuffing and set them aside to start on the nachos .
tr	NNS	And it took balls to come here . "
tr	NNS	The younger associate didn 't have the skills , and MacKenzie and Associates were afraid of a screw up .
tr	NN	My small group jumped and used one powerful stroke of our wings to make it over the fence .
tr	NNS	As he started up the gentle slope and neared the wagons he saw the wizards watching him .
tr	NNS	I lack a few skills , but I 'm learning every day . "
tr	NN	At least the Ottomans have some respect for our Orthodox Church . "
tr	NN	He recognized the attendant and gave a slight acknowledgement .
tr	NN	Still , I can feel my body tense up .
tr	NN	Celeste wore a pink blouse , which complimented the sweet blush on her face , and white pants .
tr	NN	His companions followed his example and prepared to make an end of the strange visitor .
tr	NNS	" I have heard reports of the beautiful Mistborn who accompanies the Venture heir .
tr	NNS	For that matter , Jake hadn 't even started classes at Montana State yet , one of the reasons he 'd stepped down from managing this place .
tr	NNS	Severance also avoided any more attempts at forming a partnership .
tr	NNS	There were only hollowed ruins here six years ago -- we couldn 't do much with them .
tr	NN	To you , dear viewer , I applaud your tenacity and intelligence . "
tr	NNS	Annie pulled back the covers , plumped a pillow and sat down .
tr	NNS	Joel slips to the ground beside us and ties the horses ' reins to something fixed on the wall .
tr	NNS	Francesca renewed her efforts to enter Brice 's body to heal him , but the obstruction was like a brick wall .
tr	NNS	They put our females in danger .
tr	NNS	" I 've reserved two double bedroom suites at a local hotel .
tr	NN	" Though I do feel feverish inside . "
tr	NN	Ry had used his warlock talent to search while I 'd done the physical part of it .
tr	NN	" It raises the possibility that the King 's life might yet be saved . "
tr	NN	Estrada swallowed his grief and directed his energies in to his work , and in making sure that his daughter would fulfil his ambitions for her .
tr	NNS	He took Zedekiah 's sons and made Zedekiah watch as they were killed in front of him .
tr	NN	He felt her body shudder ; her legs circled his hips .
tr	NNS	He didn 't send out Christmas cards , and he wasn 't sure he 'd be spending the holidays with this folks this year .
tr	NNS	" You had two opportunities to get Laura , and you didn 't take either of them . "
tr	NNS	If these things can move , then they have nerve endings , and I can hurt them .
tr	NNS	That guy had chronic time issues .
tr	NNS	We chose those solutions which held the most promise , and devoted ourselves to testing their merits .
tr	NN	No doubt I looked a riotous spectacle .
tr	NN	Sighing , Ice rose and pulled open the refrigerator .
tr	NN	Thousands of people sought out my protection .
tr	NNS	" We 've had deadlier missions before .
tr	NN	The technician put away the instrument and gave Kelly some paper towels to wipe the gel off .
tr	NNS	" I know their methods .
tr	NNS	She took two deep breaths and let the feel come back to her .
tr	NN	Sanders handed over his rifle , rolled Amy in her blanket and lifted the whole up gently .
tr	NN	We have saved the prayer for the day of five banana leaves .
tr	NNS	And he 'd sent his bodyguards away , forbade them to follow him .
tr	NN	I turn the monitor on so that we can hear and see our little girl while she rests .
tr	NNS	I knew your fears when I left you here .
tr	NNS	Only my brother would bring six hundred pages of nonfiction with him on a trip .
tr	NNS	This means no more morning meetings .
tr	NN	He touched the soil and at once felt the vibrations of destructive forces .
tr	NNS	He released the clips holding him in place and took off the headphones .
tr	NN	In person , Colin could see the resemblance between the dark-haired cop and his sister .
tr	NN	" But if we go this evening I can make the supply early and keep two customers very happy . "
tr	NNS	Armed men surrounded us , their blades similar to Morrow 's , only not as light and graceful .
tr	NN	As the voice on the opposite end spoke he grabbed a pen to make some notes .
tr	NNS	He exhales then inhales .
tr	NN	Turning slowly , she scanned the tables , sofa and bar cart , but she found no sign of Franco 's ex-wife .
tr	NN	He would call his lawyer in the morning and raise hell , but the entire episode would soon be forgotten .
tr	NNS	He may have designs on the universe but he was more than willing to pay for his groceries .
tr	NN	I found in her the seed of a desperate , burgeoning belief in the Horus , her last shred of hope .
tr	NN	Tequila made a short speech .
tr	NNS	I saw their uniforms .
tr	NNS	It takes more than a few breaths to get me to where I can even speak again .
tr	NN	Harrison could feel consciousness leaving him as he struggled without success to get his feet under him .
tr	NNS	I didn 't even wear ribbons anymore .
tr	NNS	" I 'm making individual pies for the festival .
tr	NN	Kylie dropped her attitude .
tr	NNS	Their silent deaths robbed the terrorists of the glory they wanted and for that , Neil was grateful .
tr	NN	Not that I need any more manliness - " " Adrian , enough , " I said wearily .
tr	NNS	When Jay touched me , I felt butterflies in my stomach . "
tr	NN	I found the rope , handed one end of it to Janet and then took the other end .
tr	NN	I felt a warm trickle of something on my chest and I looked down .
tr	NN	He hoped the latter .
tr	NNS	Morris was certainly taking no chances in arming the two men : he had chosen the oldest and most unserviceable weapons he had to give them .
tr	NN	He finds a soda and grabs two glasses .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't have described the lyrics any better than in his introduction .
tr	NN	Why didn 't I wear a cap and some sunglasses ?
tr	NN	She must also have a nickname for me .
tr	NNS	Besides , supporting two families is cheaper than divorcing one family and creating another .
tr	NN	He held his hunting rifle in one arm and his shotgun in the other .
tr	NNS	I 've put explosives along the whole length of it . "
tr	NNS	I hear bits and pieces of conversations from around me before I fall asleep again .
tr	NNS	It tells us our fundamental rights and fundamental duties .
tr	NN	I pulled the cloth away , but he was still bleeding , so I put it back and applied even more pressure .
tr	NNS	I kick his ribs into a canter with Athena for a third round .
tr	NNS	As a spy he showed great skills .
tr	NNS	I can sense your troubles .
tr	NNS	He is making arrangements for us now . "
tr	NNS	I could have finished three spells while you are just finishing one . "
tr	NN	The bartender set her chocolate down on the round table in front of the armchair and Avery smiled her thanks as she picked it up .
tr	NN	We had a long-standing social engagement for a charity event that happened to fall on last night .
tr	NN	He unbuttoned her blouse with one hand while still holding her against him .
tr	NN	But before Callum could make himself comfortable , he had a sudden urge to check on the whereabouts of the rest of the crew .
tr	NN	" I 've never had a sibling before , older or younger . "
tr	NN	Once they have all spoken , they will then each have another two minute speech to rebut anything that was said in the first round .
tr	NNS	Nova I follow Tristan 's directions to a small bar on a corner a few miles away .
tr	NN	How could she feel these sensations blasting through her when she hardly knew him ?
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	Then , in the morning , I will cast the runes .
tr	NNS	His grin gained layers of attitude .
tr	NNS	" You 've been shooting daggers at me since I got here .
tr	NN	He hasn 't completely lost consciousness .
tr	NN	It was , Adrienne thought , a role reversal of sorts .
tr	NN	This sucker has a tiny nuclear reactor in it and it packs a hefty punch ! "
tr	NNS	He heard countless tales from women , but many fewer men admitted this type of pain .
tr	NNS	In the lobby , I fed a few dollars to the vending machine and carried pretzels and a can of cranberry juice back to the third floor .
tr	NNS	" I 'll do all sorts of nice things to you ... " His fingers spread across the top of my leg .
tr	NNS	Dropping his head in one hand , he massaged his temples .
tr	NNS	Nicholas scanned the spectators as the jurors sat and adjusted themselves on the worn cushions .
tr	NNS	I suck up the crumbs and write Grandma a note about where I 'm going , leaving out certain details , of course .
tr	NN	It sends a bolt of desire between my legs and makes me respond to his kiss more vigorously .
tr	NNS	You are deluding yourselves , if you hang on to the hope that he is still alive .
tr	NNS	" Paddy , quick , we need reinforcements from the ship .
tr	NN	He took her nipple into his mouth .
tr	NNS	He wouldn 't invoke his parental rights and cut her out of Bradley 's life altogether .
tr	NN	" Helena , " I curtsy like a puppet .
tr	NNS	Once through , the guards removed their helmets and gestured for Will to do the same .
tr	NNS	He did have powers , and I had to admit it .
tr	NNS	As Siri approached , shivering , she could smell strong floral scents coming from it .
tr	NN	He could smell his favorite treat and he could also smell something distinctly bad around Helen .
tr	NN	I know your arousal .
tr	NNS	Each player displayed their cards .
tr	NN	" Maggie , has the warrant for New Gem come back ? "
tr	NN	All these things add substance , character and believability to their music .
tr	NNS	Go and gather your allies .
tr	NNS	We need our wits about us .
tr	NNS	When he was up , he immediately felt dizzy , and the creature was already heading in his direction !
tr	NN	You mean sexual attraction ?
tr	NNS	" Pia , I have several fractured ribs .
tr	NNS	The golden chalice rose nine feet tall and twice that wide , resting on the backs of twelve oxen .
tr	NNS	You saw the individual molecules of water . "
tr	NNS	They will also visually scan travelers , and provide species information .
tr	NN	It displayed the wall mosaic from the temple in India .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to gag .
tr	NNS	When Cale had crashed , it had gunned its engines and taken off .
tr	NNS	Jonathan Taylor , forty four thousand dollars .
tr	NN	If you don 't want me kissing other women , then perhaps you should fill the void . "
tr	NNS	We finished our meals and headed down the highway once more .
tr	NNS	Wallis put the three volumes on the top of the desk and took out the bottom book .
tr	NN	The moon really did shine in her eyes and helped him see his future .
tr	NNS	In answer , many of the students wiped their own noses or coughed .
tr	NN	You 've made a fortune , enjoy it .
tr	NN	Toren kissed her deeper , his tongue greedy as if needing to taste more of her .
tr	NNS	So she moved down a couple blocks .
tr	NN	" Like Walker says , they wanted the vault .
tr	NNS	" Oh my gods . "
tr	NNS	And I 've made some significant changes to improve safety and efficiency , and basically , it 's the bat 's eyes ! "
tr	NN	I could see the gnarled scaffold ahead , the single noose moving slightly in the wind , waiting to grasp its lonely victim .
tr	NN	I had a reputation as a badass to uphold and asking for a couple of Tylenol had a way of ruining that .
tr	NNS	" Engage hex shields .
tr	NN	It helped our coordination .
tr	NN	She took his moan of pleasure as license to go farther .
tr	NN	Lok , many times great-nephew of the legendary Dragon Warlord , stared down his opponent .
tr	NNS	We gave her directions to the farm , but she wouldn 't leave .
tr	NN	In addition to these dates , each village and town has its own designated patron saint to pay homage to .
tr	NNS	The casinos have strict policies about that .
tr	NNS	" It hasn 't picked up many coins but I am using it to drive traffic to my photography site .
tr	NNS	Chance staggered backwards , and I rushed to put myself between the two of them .
tr	NNS	His fingers , unexpectedly warm , closed around the coolness of hers , his hand enveloping hers .
tr	NN	Stupid teenage boy syndrome .
tr	NNS	" Should we send out rescue teams or is everything ok ? "
tr	NN	Fletcher assumes command ! "
tr	NN	Cathy placed the long white veil over Janice 's head and stood back .
tr	NN	And , as if in instant reward , he found a large chunk of cracker behind the cement block .
tr	NNS	" Yale requires all students to submit them to make sure they still want to admit us . "
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of a creature so conspicuous that there was no need for me to take one more look to know it was him .
tr	NN	I took one last peek at Aiden 's sleeping form , giggling at how he had turned himself into a burrito , and carefully escaped .
tr	NN	With pure mechanical precision he raised the rifle , sighted , and squeezed off a round .
tr	NNS	" Any more surprises ? "
tr	NN	A crackle in the brush far behind her sent her jumping , and she searched for moving shadows .
tr	NNS	He caressed the red marks he 'd made .
tr	NN	" Well , then that ends the history lesson !
tr	NNS	" I don 't have enough seeds . "
tr	NN	Like he was sucking a lemon .
tr	NNS	We can 't read our diaries . '
tr	NN	He fought off the dread rushing up .
tr	NNS	Three guards took positions outside this cell and he noticed Mariana 's father amongst them .
tr	NNS	She had family members who had crossed centuries and would again to keep her from harm .
tr	NN	The idea of facing them right now made her skin itch .
tr	NNS	The elements were arousing my senses as if I were one with them .
tr	NN	My father spent a fortune on the best self-defense instructors in the world .
tr	NNS	I took three long breaths , trying to find my equilibrium .
tr	NN	I , of course , drop the skillet and go to her , wrapping an arm around her back .
tr	NN	A tired looking crewman , checked each cage against a list on his portable Interface .
tr	NNS	" Congratulations , the stick matches the wits . "
tr	NNS	The first contained delicate red slippers , the second a satin sequined purse to match .
tr	NNS	With a hand gesture , they fired only a few shots .
tr	NNS	She ran her fingernails lightly over his forearm .
tr	NNS	Far away in a valley of your own childhood , Randy Carter , play the heedless Great Ones .
tr	NN	Jamie twisted her paper napkin between her fingers , struggling for calm .
tr	NNS	" You can build ships , any number .
tr	NNS	Nicolae would take no chances with Destiny in his care .
tr	NNS	The vicious conflict left countless fractured families and broken homes .
tr	NNS	Aria inhaled the scents of the forest , relishing in them .
tr	NN	The villain gets doesn ´ t retaliate , instead he paces back and forth .
tr	NNS	By this time Bobby had recovered his wits and was scuttling across the floor to grab the keys .
tr	NNS	Most people had backgrounds , but not me .
tr	NN	I 'll call the pilot and let him know that we 're ready to fly home now . "
tr	NNS	They got good dogs over there . "
tr	NNS	To ' retrieve items of interest ' from the bunker before the American invasion . "
tr	NNS	" Who gave you those marks ? "
tr	NN	Frozen , like a fish in a block of ice .
tr	NNS	She smelled the roses .
tr	NNS	Even when selling to his fellow townsfolk , he charged high prices .
tr	NNS	The woman swiped cans from her cart and threw them one after the other .
tr	NN	They grabbed a pizza for lunch , stayed until the sky was purple with early dusk , and had dinner together as well .
tr	NN	Natalie swallowed a mouthful of cereal .
tr	NNS	It was lacking all the basics that Deckard had come to expect in a handgun .
tr	NNS	Or perhaps large dogs or something ? "
tr	NN	Before I stand , I cover the vomit up with the sand .
tr	NN	I have a cap you can use in the carriage house .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to run .
tr	NNS	As they walked , Jenny again noticed the bobbing balls and streamers on Born 's suit .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	I don 't have the facilities to do research or make investments from the deck of a mail ship .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have a million dollars . "
tr	NN	" Please don 't set a bad example for the other children . "
tr	NN	He rewound the video and played her words again .
tr	NNS	With my gaze broken from the T.V. , I searched the aisles for something to stop the bleeding .
tr	NNS	The undead were swinging and cutting to the accompaniment of their strange generator hums , the victims crying and pleading .
tr	NN	Steve had the impression , though , that she wasn 't really looking at the view .
tr	NN	Helen held a mysterious cocktail in her hand as she talked with Sophia , talking about the history of the house .
tr	NN	Jay gave an update while Steve was eating and then asked if they had the Korean plan yet .
tr	NN	Bernard returned the salute .
tr	NNS	Kara and I ate our turkey sandwiches and chips .
tr	NNS	Dr. Driver stares at Wilson , contemplating the different scenarios that would prompt that call .
tr	NN	Did he sense a trap ?
tr	NNS	You attend weekly meetings with mothers , who all have children around the same age , and discuss being a mom .
tr	NNS	Can you even project what could be far worse , a new ' democratic ' dictatorship sprouting in the middle of the kingdoms ?
tr	NNS	A breach in the hull would send all the seeds to their death .
tr	NN	" Unfortunately , I have a lunch engagement . "
tr	NNS	And research their backgrounds .
tr	NN	And don 't return until you 've completed the task . "
tr	NNS	I frantically searched the roads as we raced up a street that I knew led to the cemetery .
tr	NNS	Apparently stalkers formed small bony plates in their tissues .
tr	NN	Remembering the delicious desserts she 'd always made , I pictured a lovely slice of chocolate cake or a warm slice of apple pie .
tr	NNS	Then , she 'd go over the metal shelves with a damp cloth to wipe the dust away .
tr	NN	Yet , every so often I would complete a task that pleased her . "
tr	NN	His smile made chocolate drip from his cheek and to the darkly stained carpet .
tr	NNS	" You two got any pets ? "
tr	NN	His eyes had a gleam in them .
tr	NNS	I 'd lost all illusions of modesty the moment I got here .
tr	NN	Dorian 's already written and advised execution . "
tr	NN	Chris tossed a wrench at his head .
tr	NN	Blood boiling with frustration , he slammed the lid on the display inlaid into the desk and leaned back into the extravagant chair , sighing heavily .
tr	NNS	" You know those howler monkeys in Guatemala ?
tr	NN	They wouldn 't slap together a chaotic protocol for that millipede - any hacker can do that .
tr	NNS	The dragon opened its jaws and drew in a breath .
tr	NN	She 'd never had such an affinity with anyone else .
tr	NN	" Then I will have to persuade the tanner that one claw will be enough , " he fingered the large dagger at his belt .
tr	NN	He began pacing around again .
tr	NN	We 've already scheduled an appointment to look through an apartment in Downtown Detroit and a few others in the area .
tr	NN	Still , he reserved his most special affection for his pillow .
tr	NN	" If you 're going to turn my life into bloody hell , I 'll return the favor . "
tr	NN	I made an appointment this morning for Friday . "
tr	NNS	But to my surprise , the box held something innocuous after all : flowers .
tr	NN	I took another spin when someone smashed my chest with a sledgehammer .
tr	NN	After a moment , the leader of the brotherhood made a hand gesture , and the monk stopped talking immediately , and stepped back .
tr	NNS	" I have to-go cups we can use .
tr	NN	Father dropped his fork on the plate as a psychological effect that would suggest sudden outrage .
tr	NN	We look down the hill , down the zigzag trail .
tr	NN	Gregor suspected the latter .
tr	NN	Suddenly Beth sprang off the bench crying , " Monster !
tr	NN	As Ed walked away , she picked up her handbag and grabbed her jacket .
tr	NN	We began a long , shallow descent , and the harbor at Riva seemed to come rushing up at us as we streaked down toward the city .
tr	NNS	If they were sending teams of humans to investigate us ? "
tr	NN	Deb heard doors slam and Cyril 's casket tumble as Sean and Mitch scurried out of the pub .
tr	NN	Zach dropped a waffle onto my plate and reached for the butter .
tr	NN	This time she added a new element in order to lessen the pain of the burn for him .
tr	NNS	The photographer scanned the last shots .
tr	NNS	It opened its enormous jaws and let out a deep , rumbling bellow toward the sky .
tr	NN	And it also gives the wines a subtle flavor that few like .
tr	NN	I take the dagger and plunge it deep into Sandor 's heart .
tr	NN	" Like an assassin . "
tr	NN	Emily tapped the CD player .
tr	NNS	So he sank his fangs into the neck , driving them in deep until his mouth was clamped around his throat .
tr	NNS	Tucker took a half-dozen calming breaths .
tr	NNS	I took some deep breaths and grabbed as much of my dress as my hands could handle .
tr	NNS	They turned and saw two well-dressed gentlemen standing behind them .
tr	NNS	" Where can we get supplies for our journey ? "
tr	NN	He felt her breathing shallow out and grow faster .
tr	NNS	I can 't send cigarettes , as I am not old enough to buy them .
tr	NN	He had a well-deserved reputation for being a bad-ass .
tr	NNS	" Maybe they will be , " I say encouragingly .
tr	NN	James fingered her cl * t refusing to do anything more than touch her .
tr	NN	" What the fuck are you doing ? "
tr	NNS	Does that station have security cameras ? "
tr	NN	Her words had an effect over my whole body .
tr	NNS	' Forty bucks . '
tr	NNS	And since Stuart hadn 't been labeled as an accessory and the story about Congressman Haywood had later been retracted , she 'd trusted her instincts .
tr	NN	Ever so slowly she dropped the curtain and backed away from the window .
tr	NNS	Herding cattle and sheep .
tr	NNS	And ... " Hailey scans the jar labels with her eyes .
tr	NN	He mauled a potato with his fork .
tr	NN	I left my shovel leaning against the largest pine tree I could find .
tr	NNS	The wind brings moist breaths and the smell of damp things .
tr	NNS	" It could explain the mood swings though . "
tr	NN	That it affects those minds that are soft and still forming , which are reaching adult capacity but which have yet to settle into their final shape .
tr	NNS	According to legend , Astoria was founded centuries ago , near the very Beginning .
tr	NN	Gabrielle felt her pulse quicken .
tr	NNS	' As terrible as this artefact is , it contains wonders ... I would like to understand it as best I can . '
tr	NNS	If this is an organized crime thing , the FBI will make the connections .
tr	NNS	The woman with the hardened face put the two chairs at the table near Bailey as the other two men nodded .
tr	NNS	Ray noticed rivulets of sweat dripping into her eyes .
tr	NN	I felt a tiny prick of hurt , that she wasn 't here to greet me and tried to ignore it .
tr	NN	I 'm carrying a bat . "
tr	NNS	Yeah , she knew the issues with the packs , but it wasn 't the frigging dark ages for heaven 's sake .
tr	NNS	Was she still harboring the desires of her sixteen-year-old self ?
tr	NN	Bring a pen and paper with you , if you wish .
tr	NN	As Alan was about to speak , two men from his section approached the trio .
tr	NNS	Only four times had she found bands meeting her standards .
tr	NN	Austen spoke the words void of any emotion .
tr	NN	Rupert himself narrowly avoided capture by taking off his uniform and jumping into a nearby field .
tr	NNS	Then we burned the cards .
tr	NN	said the oh god .
tr	NN	Seeing Dean always made my insides quiver like a teenage girl with a crush .
tr	NNS	Steal five dollars and you were a petty thief .
tr	NN	A hand fumbled the knob and they fell into his room and into the bookcase .
tr	NN	I was getting an ache in my shoulders from holding Billy .
tr	NNS	I punched the numbers in .
tr	NNS	As proof , she flipped back a few pages in the file and took out the first photograph she came to .
tr	NNS	" Needless to say , it did not do wonders for our friendship .
tr	NN	She took two thick diamond studded cuffs out of the box , walking to me .
tr	NNS	Laura was out running errands .
tr	NNS	Because you trust your senses .
tr	NNS	They are called ' hot dogs ' because they 're only good for feeding to animals , yes ? "
tr	NN	He could see the bird perched inside , waiting to be released .
tr	NN	Still , I can 't keep the tremble out of my voice .
tr	NN	The girl firing , not bad , conserved ammo like a pro .
tr	NN	" You 're still wearing the crown . "
tr	NNS	" So do you have any leads on the killer ? "
tr	NNS	The witch that spoke next had scanty white hairs on her head .
tr	NNS	Of course she 'd had other lovers .
tr	NN	Each of his brothers had prepared a speech to declare their loyalty to him and to their family .
tr	NNS	She hardly noticed her surroundings , hardly cared how she 'd gotten there or how long she 'd been unconscious .
tr	NN	" Hunter and I have an announcement .
tr	NN	Betty just about dropped her pen .
tr	NN	They turned loose the weaker ox .
tr	NNS	With my hand on the doorknob , I took a few breaths and opened the door .
tr	NN	His gaze , even from a distance , made her heart flutter .
tr	NN	Chapter 33 Thibault Thibault loaded his backpack with the few provisions he had in the house .
tr	NN	" All of these foreign foods can create havoc on a persons ' constitution .
tr	NN	" Unless you 're carrying a condom in your pocket . "
tr	NN	He was getting a nervous breakdown .
tr	NNS	The men who had taken Talon had worn suits like this , as had the Guardians who 'd shot Aria in Reverie .
tr	NN	All that mattered was closing his rival out of that market .
tr	NN	Once finished , he sets the pen down and picks up the silver blade .
tr	NNS	" Look ... " Conner slid the check and gift cards over to Matthew .
tr	NNS	You 've been getting Reboots out and just letting them go , right ? "
tr	NNS	He worried about poisonous clouds from southern California and Arizona sweeping over them , but there was little he could do .
tr	NNS	Portions of the cathedral stood , fragments of the original base .
tr	NNS	Or maybe just cut their losses and decide it was time for the dissection .
tr	NNS	After a few minutes , she handed Jon two cards , and smiled .
tr	NNS	" They didn 't get their damn supplies . "
tr	NN	She stopped her pacing and stared at him .
tr	NN	Kira noticed her plump and pouty mouth and felt jealousy tighten around her throat .
tr	NN	Maybe Neal carried a parasol .
tr	NNS	I would see two cats , one on the balcony and the other in the alley below , howling at each other . "
tr	NNS	She 'd had visions of that terrible night again .
tr	NN	" They can leave the package on the porch . "
tr	NN	She doesn 't need your version of love . "
tr	NNS	She fell backwards and slipped over some loose stones .
tr	NN	I couldn 't shake the nausea that twisted within my belly as I watched him walk away .
tr	NNS	Don believed in effective meeting management , a residue of one of the prison management classes that were required every year .
tr	NN	But only perm can help my hairstyle , so I will bring back this trend into 2031 .
tr	NNS	I want our doctors to see them , not some staff member at a public hospital .
tr	NN	In the distance , I could just make out the soft crunch of footsteps .
tr	NN	" How good would you be around , let 's say , a shapeshifter who becomes a deer ? "
tr	NNS	Some households own robots from housekeeping , babysitting , garden landscaping , and building repairs .
tr	NN	He aimed a kick at the dark one and left , still chuckling .
tr	NNS	Jessica 's fork halted a few inches from her mouth .
tr	NNS	Still , I have a few serviceable robots and we can set a decent table .
tr	NNS	Excitement squeezed her insides , and she slid a hand over her belly .
tr	NN	That doesn 't justify the fraud .
tr	NN	He felt a tightening in his gut even now at the memory , more than two years on .
tr	NNS	He made a few more movements towards the end of the bed and started to climb down .
tr	NN	A chill went down her spine and she lifted her head and carefully looked around .
tr	NNS	The Book of Moons sort of plays tricks on people .
tr	NNS	I 've seen too many centuries of death and destruction . "
tr	NN	His father had made his fortune in the mining industry and an old partner of his had offered to take Mike on .
tr	NN	" Everyone has the potential .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't plan dates .
tr	NN	She wouldn 't survive the transition if he tried to turn into a vampire , but he could make her a ghoul .
tr	NNS	Attendants were cramming meat pies down his greedy throat .
tr	NN	She needed more than just a superficial encounter .
tr	NNS	We don 't need any surprises . "
tr	NN	Lane snatched the receiver out of the cradle and clamped it to his ear .
tr	NN	When George Rowe was commissioned to come out to Australia , he must have brought a supply of Cox paper with him .
tr	NNS	His actions spoke volumes and she wanted to enjoy the time she had left .
tr	NNS	They used taxis to get around and to get them around taxis used a synthetic fuel supplied by the government which eroded fuel lines .
tr	NN	* * * * * Upon the grounds of Versailles , wealth took an entirely new meaning .
tr	NN	We didn 't bring nobody else with us . "
tr	NNS	Yes , she had a vampire 's senses .
tr	NN	As she monitored her students ' progress , Maryellen pondered Gene 's fate .
tr	NN	He had been so long without allowing himself to feel affection for anyone , he had quite mistaken his affection for the boy as something else entirely .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of white hair .
tr	NN	And he had a wide range of subjects , covering everything from social trends to the local political scene .
tr	NNS	Then Gloria would lose both sisters at once .
tr	NNS	I could no longer see auras and I wondered if that would ever return .
tr	NNS	And we weren 't playing cards .
tr	NN	Abby finished the third briefcase and started on the stacks from the file cabinets .
tr	NNS	My carry-on bag has wheels and I roll it into the vault .
tr	NN	Charles set his fork down and slowly oozed out of his chair .
tr	NNS	I heard crashes and rumbles .
tr	NNS	His voice broke the stillness , making me jump .
tr	NNS	We keep tabs on the hostiles .
tr	NNS	Once she was finished , I cleared our plates and busied myself with the dishes while she studied .
tr	NNS	Logan and my father had installed reactive targets there for archery and gun practice .
tr	NNS	" Dust and bits of stone . "
tr	NNS	She had too many contacts .
tr	NNS	To have come from Earth and two weeks later be ready to fire on an enemy I never knew existed still caused doubts in my mind .
tr	NN	And you might not have anybody to watch your back .
tr	NN	Our weapons have minimal effect on the actual aliens , but we 've been blowing their ships to pieces for years .
tr	NN	Caroline cracked her knuckles .
tr	NN	I drink hungrily , lips fastened to her breast , my tiny hands and feet shivering madly .
tr	NN	Leaning into the fridge , he pulled out a leftover grilled steak from last night to cut up .
tr	NNS	To try and save their hides ? "
tr	NN	" Caretaker wouldn 't seal any option no matter how bleak the operation looked over the horizon .
tr	NNS	He mentioned several meetings , road inspections , a planning committee with the future hospital administrators and several other issues he had to deal with .
tr	NN	Claire got the impression the last words were added because they were expected rather than from heartfelt belief .
tr	NN	He took the package from the boy and placed it very carefully in Guillaume 's shaking hands .
tr	NN	Dade handed the scroll to one of the scribes .
tr	NNS	His actions lately in the border towns have merely confirmed our suspicions . "
tr	NNS	" You certainly are not , " Bonnie said fervently .
tr	NNS	He straddles my thighs , holding my hands high over my head , and looks at my exposed body .
tr	NN	This includes the most crucial task : glutamate is an important neurotransmitter .
tr	NNS	Upon closer inspection , the average eye could distinguish the multiple lookout points positioned along the walls .
tr	NNS	" But maybe I should have bought him a compass , so he can find his way back to us if he gets lost . "
tr	NN	I set the tape measure down and start to dial my chronometer settings .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to knock their heads together and throw their motionless bodies to the side .
tr	NN	One day you 'd notice a patch of yellow or red and soon the entire town was painted autumn .
tr	NNS	Officers in jungle boots and tropical camouflage smoked cigarettes and watched them .
tr	NNS	She marked a few sales she could visit at the mall .
tr	NNS	He extracted two delicate crystal goblets , then filled each one with wine and extended a glass .
tr	NN	I love my privacy , but he is such a non-intrusive kind of a guy .
tr	NN	She 'd given Nina a blood oath that she was serious about the renovation .
tr	NNS	The guy who invented the toothpick made millions .
tr	NNS	They passed vendors selling dogs , horses , and chickens .
tr	NN	He broke away and bit my earlobe .
tr	NN	Roland took a towel from a clothesline that ran from the back of the bus to a small tree .
tr	NN	The entire caste enters The Choosing together .
tr	NNS	With that word of caution , we climbed off our bikes and trailed him up to the white house .
tr	NN	" You shut the fuck up , Quinn .
tr	NNS	It had his professors spellbound as he demonstrated it over and over again to their delight .
tr	NN	He had a ragged gray beard and was wearing a Grateful Dead T-shirt under a torn cotton cardigan .
tr	NNS	The shackles on her wrists shift down a few inches , revealing raw sores beneath them .
tr	NN	We could be shooting down a narrow shaft at sixty miles an hour and we don 't even feel it . "
tr	NN	I couldn 't believe the flood of relief coursing through my traitorous mind and body .
tr	NN	" You saw the sentry ? "
tr	NNS	Norton took two cans of pie filling down from the top shelf and put them in the cart .
tr	NN	A shiver stole down her spine .
tr	NNS	" A few dilapidated old buildings and a couple of empty corrals . "
tr	NNS	It drains their powers and makes them weaker .
tr	NN	Tiffany rubbed her temple .
tr	NN	The castle 's training armour , swords , bows and other weapons do not bear the kingdom 's insignia .
tr	NN	" Besides Michael , has anybody else had amusement park nightmares ? "
tr	NNS	" Must have heard the motorcycles ' engines . "
tr	NN	Thankfully , he was wearing a white v-neck undershirt .
tr	NNS	Ned came nearer on his crutches .
tr	NN	The contact sends a shudder through me , leaving me honest to gods weak in the knees .
tr	NN	He watched her carefully , another curious detail that didn 't fit with her party girl image .
tr	NNS	The man obviously had deep pockets and shady connections that surprised even Dean , but he owed Evy some kind of an explanation .
tr	NN	" I have the perfect outfit . "
tr	NN	Then , when an interesting fish appeared , he would unexpectedly swing out his net and catch it .
tr	NN	He took pity on me and held my hand in his own .
tr	NN	I know the material pretty well .
tr	NNS	Catching the sound of approaching footsteps , Gaius extracted his fangs and released his hold on the female .
tr	NNS	Caleb pauses several paces farther along , in a flat clearing surrounded by massive , gracefully arched stones .
tr	NNS	From a distance , she hadn 't seen the dragons because they didn 't want to be .
tr	NN	" I 'll give you the short version .
tr	NN	He tossed the basket aside .
tr	NNS	What if he was imagining connections that didn 't exist ?
tr	NNS	Romeo asked the twins .
tr	NN	She wobbled her bum up to the door and slowly lowered her legs to the ground .
tr	NN	She also gave me a beautiful intricately woven lace design that I could frame and put on the wall .
tr	NN	By the way , what Christmas parasite is explosive ?
tr	NN	Clearly , Ketchup 's mentioning of the stories has her interest piqued , but she seems to already know something about Laney 's story .
tr	NN	" Well , didn 't stop your uncle from eating himself in . "
tr	NNS	A nudge of his fingers opened her thighs to him .
tr	NN	Jonah Frye had the perfect location for poker in the summertime , a barn in his backyard that he 'd converted into a hangout for the boys .
tr	NNS	Strange thing was , she was picking up completely different vibes from Damien than what she should be .
tr	NNS	The one who said to Barrett , I 'm calling the shots now .
tr	NN	As for me , he had equally harsh language .
tr	NNS	" I still have not tested my own abilities .
tr	NNS	The news immediately silenced both boys ' complaints about hunger pangs .
tr	NNS	Just at the edge of our sanctuary , I stood frozen , held captive in the echo that had once been my freedom .
tr	NNS	" You 've been running her dates off ever since you 've been divorced .
tr	NNS	On her journeys back to the apartment she encountered several more tunnels leading into different areas of the Twelve Cities .
tr	NN	He heard her bid him entry and walked inside .
tr	NNS	The Garde still have a few tricks up their sleeves .
tr	NNS	I felt a little nauseous .
tr	NNS	Graham had brokered financial agreements with certain underground Muslim fringe groups who would intrude into the parade as members of the Muslim Shield .
tr	NN	She could see his hunger .
tr	NNS	Multiplying the bears ? '
tr	NNS	Monk took several breaths , then forced himself to rise .
tr	NN	He gave Bryant his location and rang off .
tr	NN	I concede defeat . "
tr	NN	The lad snatched the instrument and burst out laughing .
tr	NN	Eventually , Len pulled out a small dagger from under his shirt and hurled it straight at Edmond .
tr	NN	Or had she actually lost consciousness there for a minute after that orgasm ?
tr	NNS	You get more points with something like a wedgie , because it takes a lot of determination and strength to give somebody my size a wedgie . "
tr	NNS	Gunner wraps these little packs of gunpowder in paper .
tr	NN	A chill goes down my spine .
tr	NNS	Suddenly they heard a sharp hiss , and something with a long tail and four short legs leapt from the darkness .
tr	NN	" I studied your file .
tr	NN	Did I bring shampoo , or should I just use his ?
tr	NN	Daisy had been given the task of helping Stubbs and Martin decorate the tree in the lobby .
tr	NNS	She prepared her metals , checking her reserves .
tr	NNS	He could see scones baking through the oven door and even more on the counter that she was in the middle of kneading .
tr	NNS	The project I have spoken you about requires much greater capabilities , and I can face it only because I am not the same any more .
tr	NNS	Mac gave the twins the thumbs up sign .
tr	NNS	I have pumpkin seeds that will give you extraordinary night vision .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	They share a serious countenance , treating even the smallest of tasks with great importance .
tr	NN	" He may have taken a shine to you because you are pretty .
tr	NN	More incredibly , she was slipping the fork through a small , polite smile .
tr	NN	She handed me his menu while she crossed her arms and huffed over his comment .
tr	NN	The warden repeated his command .
tr	NN	Pepper made an obscene gesture at her back .
tr	NN	Father pleads and rips his beard .
tr	NN	I catch a glimpse of Candy Crush on-screen , and shake my head .
tr	NNS	And my family had expectations . "
tr	NNS	The spell keeps her telekinesis from being used against me , so I just need to find a way to get my magic through to her .
tr	NN	So , the old man had requested privacy for this little reunion ?
tr	NN	She saw his resemblance in her mirror every day .
tr	NNS	Dan had learned some sword skills , too , at some point .
tr	NN	They 'd even ordered Anya 's execution , though they 'd since changed their minds .
tr	NN	The girls could make out a thick red cloth covering the table , and plenty cushions scattered about .
tr	NN	But , even though he perceived Sunny as a real human , he never gave her a personality .
tr	NN	she asked her father-in-law .
tr	NN	" I 've a pistol . "
tr	NN	" May I have my bouquet ? "
tr	NN	I see in your mind the steadfast resolve to do so if it becomes necessary ... and yet I didn 't make that choice . "
tr	NN	Jake grasps the knob and tries to turn it clockwise .
tr	NNS	He had only a few hairs left , combed to the sides of his small head .
tr	NNS	You just feed and walk the dogs .
tr	NN	Every year a different studio makes a short film about bringing all religions together . "
tr	NNS	Sailors were offloading crates and barrels from a large ship that had only just come into port .
tr	NNS	It takes those victims much longer to turn since they have little vampire blood working through their system .
tr	NN	" I didn 't kill anybody .
tr	NNS	Chapter 13 Vera Remembering Vera Mae hears noises outside the room .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Grimes prepared two plates and left in a rush .
tr	NN	I fell down a hill and landed in a briar patch . "
tr	NNS	Mike rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	- jumped off the high tower of the Hall . "
tr	NN	Three white , overlapping circles , arranged horizontally , symbolized his rank .
tr	NN	" Yes , I do hope so , but tell me , did you see our temple ?
tr	NNS	She made appreciative noises as she continued to work herself over me , drawing pleasure from the friction .
tr	NN	His touch was making her ache for more , so much more .
tr	NNS	We draw innumerable stares from store patrons and tourists as we make our way south on Union Street .
tr	NN	" Reason like a sphere ? "
tr	NNS	And neither will theother witches , if I have anything to say about it . "
tr	NNS	I can only draw two conclusions here .
tr	NN	With her father adequately medicated and sound asleep , she ushered a reluctant Markman back to the Vette , and back on the road to Culpeper .
tr	NN	" I meant the electricity that practically crackles between us whenever we 're in the same room . "
tr	NNS	So they walked down the sidewalks to the grocery store .
tr	NN	Bryce grabbed the bat , then opened the door and stepped inside .
tr	NNS	I 've been checking bands and demos for months and this is only the third time I 've found anything worthy of your attention . '
tr	NNS	I eyed the strawberries , remembering we 'd left before I could even taste the wedding cake .
tr	NNS	" All right , brace yourselves .
tr	NN	I let out a small moan as his fingers stretched me open and my head relaxed back .
tr	NN	She shaved off your moustache and did a little hair trimming and colouring as well .
tr	NN	" I can 't leave the farm anyway .
tr	NNS	Echo took several slow , deliberate breaths and focused .
tr	NN	Rinsing off , she grabbed a towel and stepped out of the shower .
tr	NNS	" Salt of my tears , salt of the sea , wash away grief and set me free . "
tr	NNS	Fallen grit and pebbles obscured two cameras .
tr	NNS	Even as I left the building , I was punching the addresses into my Smartphone for directions .
tr	NN	My men landed and examined the wreckage , but found no sign of any occupants .
tr	NNS	I gathered my wits .
tr	NN	Maybe you might have remembered the uniform you wore and what it stood for . '
tr	NN	Did this really constitute the famous archive he 'd heard about ?
tr	NN	Aly flicked a bean at Christopher 's head .
tr	NNS	I could almost feel the wheels turning in his head .
tr	NNS	A few hours with your family and now I have supernatural powers . "
tr	NNS	We rescued your hides , so we get first pickings here .
tr	NN	" We 've got a spare DVD player that I 'll hook up for you later . "
tr	NN	And soon , all of West High will solidify that status .
tr	NN	I can 't believe the timing of this .
tr	NNS	Felt her coldness against his skin .
tr	NNS	The amount of specificity and detail exceeded sales and promotional information normally provided to potential customers .
tr	NN	I have no objection so far , but I have a premonition that there are more stipulations to come that I may be unhappy with .
tr	NNS	Unable to think of anything else to do , she jotted down numbers that Valerie had stored in the cell 's phone book .
tr	NN	Lilly circled the coffin in front of her and weaved through the space in between to make her way to the coffin in the center .
tr	NNS	If we go ahead with this , I want visitation rights . "
tr	NNS	" Roth must know of a number of Agency safe houses in the area where he could have sent you .
tr	NN	So when I got pregnant , it was considered a disaster .
tr	NNS	I could hear the dogs coming closer .
tr	NNS	I unfold the pages and my eyes instantly fall to the two names written at the top of the page .
tr	NNS	The simple test confirmed her assumptions .
tr	NN	The car offered more protection than hiding under a duvet cover , but not by much .
tr	NN	Shannon and I both stifled a snicker at hearing them called " boys . "
tr	NNS	Maybe , he found himself thinking , the old man really did descend from Mayan magicians .
tr	NNS	We can 't have outsiders interfering .
tr	NN	Someone blew a horn on the street .
tr	NN	" Why not use the horn , " he continued , " when it 's out in the open , waiting to be used ? "
tr	NNS	He got points for that , in my book .
tr	NNS	" They set explosives at the loft .
tr	NNS	Luckily , we designed our trenches to be dug at odd angles , limiting the amount of area the shrapnel could spread .
tr	NN	Leaning forward tensely , he held a rifle cradled in his arms .
tr	NN	" I 'm fine , " Courtney begins , " I don 't need ice cream . "
tr	NNS	Since the arrival of the essences to the planet , those who connected with them used their powers to rule and destroy powerless humans of the world .
tr	NNS	We love our dogs .
tr	NNS	Not the bad men or the nice soldiers who made her smile and let Tal y hit their shields with her sword .
tr	NN	Now Bond could read the lettering .
tr	NN	I can 't reach anybody at home .
tr	NNS	" We have our similarities . "
tr	NN	I 'll also issue you further advice .
tr	NN	That secluded location provided considerable privacy from the rest of the community .
tr	NNS	What prayers have the gods not answered that make you so red faced ?
tr	NN	" I don 't have cancer .
tr	NN	He can give me more detail . "
tr	NNS	I found my fears to be somewhat sated , and the only thing I thought of until it was that everything happened was Chess ' mouth .
tr	NNS	Even when the laws escalated to oppression and death because particular administrations created them , police followed blindly .
tr	NNS	She found - emptiness .
tr	NNS	Only a few vehicles traversed the roads , whether by lack of widespread ownership or some other reason , they didn 't know .
tr	NN	The Blind King sheathed the dagger , and Jason placed it in a deep pocket of his trousers .
tr	NN	He gripped the quaking rod harder to steady it .
tr	NN	Jess could not check the impulse to ask , " What altered your opinion ? "
tr	NNS	In the meantime , I 'd more than enough troubles of my own .
tr	NNS	I will sketch the directions for you . '
tr	NNS	" You got six shots . "
tr	NNS	" I totally have the hots for Duke Rivers . "
tr	NN	Jane set her basket on top of the machine .
tr	NN	" But I have no more legal protection now than I did then .
tr	NN	She has her elbows resting on her knees , casual , as she sketches the tattoo I want on transfer paper .
tr	NN	He filled the coffee maker with water , added a fresh filter and coffee to the basket , and pressed the start button .
tr	NN	He deepened his massage , squeezing her tense muscles thereby eliciting a moan from her .
tr	NNS	" Did he have any lovers ? "
tr	NNS	He had already murdered helpless innocents , had Simone kidnapped and had set a trap for him that had been forbidden for centuries .
tr	NN	I felt his hands wrap around my wrist and he jerked me to the side of the house for privacy .
tr	NNS	He summoned his remaining powers and allowed them to cocoon him .
tr	NN	Defend the farm ! '
tr	NN	I got the impression that my intruders had been interrupted , and may not have found what they were looking for .
tr	NN	" Oh God , Maxie , " I heard Jensen mutter .
tr	NNS	The knight pushed back visions of his own children and looked to the church , still blazing bright against the smoke filled sky .
tr	NN	The outburst brought a scowl to the JV Coach 's face and I followed his glare into the stands .
tr	NN	" It bore no resemblance to any of the current languages on Earth , so linguists were unable to decode it without a translation key . "
tr	NNS	The two men shared a ruthlessness that did not go unnoticed outside the confines of the squad .
tr	NNS	In fact , I even like the changes .
tr	NNS	Sophie followed his directions , stepping over the low edge of the flowerbed , trying to avoid trampling any of the carefully tended bouquets .
tr	NNS	They could kill several hundred birds with one shot . "
tr	NNS	" How do you like Criterion 's paces ? "
tr	NN	" Look , you 've got nobody to blame but yourself .
tr	NN	He mentioned the word Druid ... I thought it was a joke . "
tr	NNS	" Certainly , father , I am sure we won 't have any issues .
tr	NNS	I don 't do secluded booths that are dim and romantic .
tr	NN	And there , perched at the very top , crouched the stone dragon .
tr	NN	I settled my backside on the ledge of the sink .
tr	NNS	He 's probably got cameras watching us right now , " Natalie teased , and Kat took a surreptitious turn around the room .
tr	NN	After thoroughly washing himself , Kevin wrapped a towel around his waist and pulled his credit cards and keys to his house and car .
tr	NNS	He must have some serious issues on his mind .
tr	NN	I poured the clear liquid in a plastic shot glass and set it in front of her with a lime .
tr	NN	He shut the trunk of the Taurus and walked past the sheriff .
tr	NN	But he was doing Allie a favor .
tr	NNS	When her stomach growled again , she put her doubts away , dropped the blanket on the floor , and sat at the table .
tr	NNS	Ted hadn 't loaded the magazines with standard Soviet military ammo .
tr	NN	She could never take the dragon in a fair fight .
tr	NN	It did climb up away into safety but there was definitely something wrong -- I could feel it .
tr	NN	She pulled a small jar of peanut butter and a couple of slices of bread out of her backpack .
tr	NNS	He pulled out two chairs at a table surrounded by plants and foliage in the cafe 's exquisite botanical gardens .
tr	NNS	Someone is sticking forks in my back as I trip away .
tr	NNS	" Then I see two more disturbing points .
tr	NN	He was taking responsibility and doing the best he could , with help from his family .
tr	NN	He pushes the file in my direction .
tr	NN	I got the distinct impression that he didn 't like me .
tr	NN	" To limited responsibility . "
tr	NNS	PAM shots with beer . "
tr	NN	He swallowed the knot in his throat and smiled .
tr	NNS	I slid my knives into my palms , bracing for the rush .
tr	NNS	" The Germans closed our hospitals and sent everyone home .
tr	NN	Our maiden was dramatically transformed by her captivity and once released , she happily accepted the magician 's proposal . "
tr	NNS	" Go stand by the gate , " Sean said directing Aquarius where to go with its beam .
tr	NNS	She swapped her slippers for tennis shoes and pulled her keys from the tray next to the door .
tr	NN	" I had the good fortune to witness your spectacular performance of Faust . "
tr	NNS	With the current no longer jolting him , Roman jerked the wires from his clothes .
tr	NN	" But the dawn does not have such an effect on us .
tr	NNS	" Right , we 'll keep that in mind , Sergeant , my apologies for our misunderstanding . "
tr	NNS	You just about knocked down all the helmets I stacked trying to get outside before she could drive off , and it 's no one ? "
tr	NNS	I urgently searched my thigh pockets for the original tickets , and passports .
tr	NNS	Apparently , every one of us brought our appetites , because we all inhaled that pizza within a matter of minutes .
tr	NN	' Besides , kid , ' Kaz said , ' I can use my Talent to escape from behind the Librarian lines .
tr	NNS	" My Dad names my pets .
tr	NN	I took my boot and closed the door , before pushing her up against it .
tr	NNS	Not too many women can get poisoned chocolates , be interrogated by the police , and sell expensive properties in the same day .
tr	NN	I could handle Jules ' denial of me .
tr	NN	She also hadn 't checked her email in days .
tr	NNS	" Sorry about the silverware , Sara didn 't do the dishes , so we grabbed the clean stuff and ran . "
tr	NN	R17 raises his pistol at me .
tr	NNS	Sam had issues with control and knew it .
tr	NN	We have a complete file of all the stories that the local paper has published since the very first day .
tr	NN	He had the impulse to push her and her dog in the river , where he 'd dumped the cop 's body an hour ago .
tr	NNS	Still clasping her thighs , he used his thumbs to spread her sex , then wrenched her down on his shaft .
tr	NN	" You have a spa here ?
tr	NNS	Of the twenty three I saw four pairs that seemed to sit near each other and carry on brief conversations .
tr	NNS	Elena noticed drops of blood scattered around .
tr	NN	For the first time in his life , Ambrose felt a pang of jealousy .
tr	NNS	She had already tried a few electronic tricks of her own to contact him , but with no luck .
tr	NN	Missy couldn 't help but scold the bullies , " Your brothers are jerks !
tr	NN	said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NNS	" I hate bugs ! "
tr	NNS	My training as a cook gave me some interesting terms to work with .
tr	NNS	I watched the crowded sidewalks , feeling a thrill go through me .
tr	NNS	" I nailed both of those things dead , " Pvt. Jackson said startling Ramsey from behind .
tr	NNS	With today 's forensics ... Have no fears .
tr	NNS	But she had connections .
tr	NN	" Henry 's wife had a stroke two years ago .
tr	NN	John felt his insides cringe at the coming onslaught .
tr	NN	The girl looked around the shaft and declared resolutely : " I 'm not going there . "
tr	NNS	" This side gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	He used those tales to fuel his infamy .
tr	NN	Mary could have sold the vase at an antique dealer which gave her the advantage to negotiate with the owner of the museum .
tr	NN	" I don 't see any other leverage . "
tr	NNS	Preston was studying future weather conditions around the country for his fly-in and the temperatures looked a little above average for the season .
tr	NN	The image of him holding her eyes as he strummed his thumb over the wheel of the lighter , still had her waking up screaming .
tr	NNS	He pushed the pages toward her .
tr	NN	I twisted off the cap to a water and handed it to Julie .
tr	NN	Have I broken some code , trodden on some ancient toe ?
tr	NN	It could blow the whole operation . "
tr	NN	K turned up the heating in the van and set off for breakfast , then the cottage .
tr	NN	She always made an impression of taking information in like a sponge .
tr	NNS	" You could describe the Exclusive Brethren as an extremist splinter group from them .
tr	NN	He 'd locked the dead bolt , but he had a feeling that didn 't matter .
tr	NN	Leslie spied an apron with two front pockets lying nearby and put it on .
tr	NN	She moved the pen from her teeth and pointed it at me like it was a gun , or an accusation .
tr	NN	I took pity on her then .
tr	NN	On a narrow two-lane road , they encounter a station wagon going in the opposite direction .
tr	NNS	Candles lit the would-be dark corridors , most likely trying to deter young couples from the path of ruination .
tr	NN	At the thought , Tamara felt a twist in her stomach .
tr	NN	I do not possess a napkin or a hanky .
tr	NN	There , he drew a hot bath , making sure to pour some of the hotel 's bath soap into the water .
tr	NNS	The cutlery drawer held three metal chopsticks .
tr	NNS	Normally I needed goggles to be able to see this well underwater .
tr	NNS	" I 'm making waffles . "
tr	NNS	We haven 't the numbers to efficiently patrol . "
tr	NN	After finally appearing to them , she used a telepathic language that her people had created themselves , and taught them about their true origins .
tr	NN	I gave it a good yank , and a car key slid into my hand .
tr	NN	Then he caught a glimpse of his friend ... and knew he had to at least try .
tr	NN	It is known in Judeo-Christian tradition as the place of the Israelites ' return from bondage in Egypt , led by Joshua , the successor to Moses .
tr	NNS	" The Dutch have hearty appetites . "
tr	NNS	We 'd got all the schematics and schedules we needed from the data packed into the invitation .
tr	NNS	In addition , you must use at least five examples of onomatopoeia .
tr	NN	I 've heard some speculation of a nuclear power plant capable of producing enormous power , safely away from populated areas .
tr	NN	Misty took a cub , Kyle , and cuddled him into the circle of her arm .
tr	NN	The second story had no balcony or gallery like most of the French Quarter architecture , just a few dormer windows with light shining through their shutters .
tr	NN	Swallowing back tears , Kate stepped off the terrace where she 'd laughed and joked and danced with him ... and been melted by one unforgettable kiss .
tr	NN	" I have this outfit .
tr	NN	But no one disputed my claim .
tr	NN	Against his side Elizabeth curled , her thigh atop his , her arm across his waist .
tr	NN	Dr. Adams has broken the code . "
tr	NN	He scuffed his shoe against a stone in the driveway .
tr	NN	What powers do you hold ? "
tr	NN	Quite the contrary . "
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to correct his use of the past tense .
tr	NN	He can ´ t fathom my loss !
tr	NNS	I can see the wheels of destiny working all around us ! "
tr	NNS	I don 't want your germs . "
tr	NN	" When I put on his ring and said the words , I made my own fate .
tr	NN	Eventually , he reaches the tiger pen , where he sees an adult male lying on top of a manmade boulder .
tr	NN	" We using your patient method ? "
tr	NNS	I would sell my reproductive rights for her skin .
tr	NNS	I will dispatch airborne warrior forms to patrol the Wall and locate him . "
tr	NN	You now complete a chromatic scale .
tr	NNS	Elijah stares at his hand .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want any needles going into this baby !
tr	NNS	I checked my pockets to see if anything was left .
tr	NNS	Take some swings ; I 'll be fine . "
tr	NN	" She has ovarian cancer .
tr	NNS	Lost in the savage instincts of his wolf , Caine tracked her movements with the cunning of a predator .
tr	NNS	I just began my own classes at NYU , and she shouldn 't be far behind .
tr	NN	Tammie feels her stomach twist into knots .
tr	NNS	I open my eyelashes , seeing .
tr	NN	" Yes , it means cherry blossom in Japanese . "
tr	NNS	But now she doesn 't answer texts , or return periodic calls .
tr	NNS	The owner was not taking any chances .
tr	NN	Of course , he chose the second option .
tr	NNS	I took away your titles yesterday .
tr	NNS	One quick glance confirmed her suspicions .
tr	NN	" I know , dear , " Phyllis said , her tone soothing .
tr	NNS	I nod and view the weeds .
tr	NNS	They had discussions on a variety of issues that needed to be resolved before any type of reconciliation could take place .
tr	NNS	He completes all his chores .
tr	NNS	I walked the last few yards to the worker 's campers looking over my shoulder and behind every tree for someone who did not belong there .
tr	NNS	The sign in the front also held similar dimensions but was illustrated differently , " Northern High School home of the Raging Panthers . "
tr	NNS	He pointed out several varieties of finches , barely distinguishable to Janet 's untrained eye .
tr	NN	' Do you have an iPod ?
tr	NN	If there is then abort the operation and return via Notting Hill Gate underground .
tr	NNS	He manages the drops , takes out the dupes , removes the opt-outs , and the offers are mostly his .
tr	NNS	Before giving her the command to wake , he scanned their surroundings to locate possible danger .
tr	NNS	" And only thus could you join the gods at Valhalla ? "
tr	NN	" Sorry , I only have men 's shampoo . "
tr	NNS	" You 've pulled some low down tricks in the past , but this has to be the lowest . "
tr	NNS	Sid had focused his cameras on the best potential landing spot for each planet .
tr	NNS	The first man let out an angry hiss and grabbed her other arm , raising his sword .
tr	NN	" Eugene , have some faith ! "
tr	NNS	They started the renovations just before Christmas and were hoping to move in by spring .
tr	NNS	I shifted forms , the bright white light filling the tent and making the scientists cover their eyes so not to go blind .
tr	NN	But the sudden physical contact had a strange effect on her as she met his gaze once more .
tr	NNS	Because Clay had the money for advertising and marketing , they could pick the most lucrative class actions and zero in on untapped plaintiffs .
tr	NN	But I-I never forget a design .
tr	NNS	Kiran gave me so many mixed signals I couldn 't even identify my true feelings for him .
tr	NNS	Ott checked his reports , to see if anything up to the northwest had been declared off limits that he might have forgotten about .
tr	NN	Lastly , Albert checked the onboard water supply and sewage management systems .
tr	NN	I didn 't have any claim to him .
tr	NN	Looking at him running , you wouldn 't even notice his limp .
tr	NN	" Since when is anyone boyfriend material ? "
tr	NN	" Greg , I had a huge fish on the line and now dad 's favorite pole is drifting in the bay . "
tr	NNS	As they walked in silence for a while , Emma suddenly could smell roses , yet she told herself it wasn 't time for them .
tr	NNS	" How did you get twenty-five thousand dollars ? "
tr	NN	He couldn 't walk or play football , which were the two things he wanted to do more than anything else .
tr	NN	The least you could do is show a little respect !
tr	NNS	Fingers opened the folds of her sex , opening her up .
tr	NNS	Since the accident that had stolen her memory almost two years earlier , she 'd been having nightmares .
tr	NNS	He tore out the last few pages , the ones he figured might mention him or the hidden passageway . "
tr	NN	In my mind I form a cage and then wrap it around Miriam to hold her .
tr	NNS	He located four dents along the bulkhead separating the cabin from the bridge and pointed them out to Lawrence .
tr	NN	Using her nail as a scoop , she tapped the powder into the bowl .
tr	NN	" The tide water had washed out more soil than Jake realized .
tr	NNS	She 'd been putting warrior braids in her father 's hair for years .
tr	NN	eyeing the large grandfather clock in the corner of her room .
tr	NN	" What do the stars tell you , sea bird ? "
tr	NNS	They don 't have pockets . "
tr	NNS	Now it just causes folks to stay at home .
tr	NN	I had a horrible , crawling sensation on the back of my neck .
tr	NN	In reply , the creature gave another rattle of its tail , a sound that was repeated from away to her right .
tr	NNS	All major countries have set up quarantine facilities in their major cities and all people have been asked to stay in their homes .
tr	NNS	As the cage rolled towards the gate of the prison , Paige took off her blouse and shoes , then her pants .
tr	NNS	Page thirty two has tomato seeds stuck on it .
tr	NNS	" But five thousand dollars ! "
tr	NNS	I 'll take my chances . "
tr	NNS	It makes the lyrics of the song that much more powerful .
tr	NNS	She presses her thumbs inside them and they expand right up into water bottles .
tr	NNS	I bat my eyelashes innocently at him and extend the cigarette toward him .
tr	NN	He had a rather pointed beard , a completely shaved , bald head and a slightly mocking smile , that was not entirely nice .
tr	NNS	A small shock electrified his senses .
tr	NNS	They passed stores that sold clothes , books , souvenirs , jewelry , electrical appliances , and even art , as well as cafes and restaurants .
tr	NN	" Don 't take your bitchy attitude out on me . "
tr	NN	Sirens sounded down the hill .
tr	NNS	She allowed her palms to slide over his h * ps and thighs as she knelt on the jeans in front of him .
tr	NNS	They can talk politics until doomsday , but without a willing candidate , they 've got nothing . "
tr	NN	He spilled black powder into the pan , tested the flint , and swung the long barrel up questing for a target .
tr	NNS	If you bought the bowl , you must have the cups , too . "
tr	NNS	He gripped the covers , pulled them up and tunneled them around her , trying to envelop her in warmth .
tr	NNS	" I love your tits .
tr	NN	He releases the clip from his assault rifle ... it is empty .
tr	NNS	They had families to feed back at their homes .
tr	NNS	She recognized quite a few political figures and members of their staffs that she should probably get to know .
tr	NN	" Where would we get a Questing Beast ? "
tr	NNS	He didn 't keep cattle or sheep or even chickens , and there were no sheds or outbuildings in the vicinity of his tower .
tr	NNS	" Everyone takes bribes these days .
tr	NNS	At once she felt the grasses urging her to move forward .
tr	NNS	Sam glared daggers at the healing flesh .
tr	NN	Mac kicked the wrench from Raymond 's hand , but that didn 't deter him .
tr	NNS	His kiss grew more demanding , his hands impatient as he lifted my ass and raised me onto the large sideboard .
tr	NN	" Hmm , " she said , " have you ever considered fate ?
tr	NNS	They silenced their engines to a throttle as they came alongside ours .
tr	NN	Time will eventually play the assassin for us , and he has no heir .
tr	NNS	To create that official record , they used journals , newspaper accounts , eyewitnesses , whatever or whoever they could find .
tr	NN	He notice the trio arriving at the library and took his eyes away from the book to look at them .
tr	NNS	The pharmaceutical company we worked for would hold national sales meetings to promote their new product releases .
tr	NN	Can 't miss that blue stripe through her hair . "
tr	NN	Groping up the rail , she reached the landing and passed by the guest room that had once been her great grandmother 's .
tr	NNS	Riley had clips that he securely attached to our jackets , and he ran a rope through them , connecting us .
tr	NNS	But , he had spent the last few centuries among humans , and no longer agreed in trading children as assets .
tr	NN	" Why you got ta shine that thing right at me ? "
tr	NN	Cale carefully unwrapped his own burger .
tr	NNS	He 'd chased two deer into the woods , and a search party found him six hours later .
tr	NNS	Then I saw figures walking in the corridor between rooms . "
tr	NNS	The servants playing tricks , she had thought , but tonight what was left of her soul knew better .
tr	NNS	Destroy the spoils of war .
tr	NNS	" I have added a few knife techniques from my Tae Kwon Do practice to make it a little more fierce . "
tr	NNS	Many had traditional German frames .
tr	NN	It caught the ribbon as Bailey started to unwrap her present .
tr	NNS	A smile smoothed away the creases of her forehead .
tr	NNS	The old man had been keeping tabs on me over the years .
tr	NN	He downed its contents in a single gulp , replenishing his pewter , then burned tin .
tr	NN	" You have such faith in me .
tr	NN	I bring my flock back down in the autumn . '
tr	NNS	Gaius felt the hairs on his nape stand upright .
tr	NN	Nervous laughter filled the empty void .
tr	NNS	Said he damn well hoped we had eleven more hang fires .
tr	NN	I am using this prayer to cope with the demons of despair and lack of hope .
tr	NNS	He 's making double house payments , so he wouldn 't reject any reasonable offer . "
tr	NNS	Especially the families . "
tr	NN	" I 'm working an afternoon stretch this week , so you won 't see me much .
tr	NNS	She put the seeds of hope in the pocket of her sundress and took up her father 's glasses .
tr	NN	I sipped the strong smelling liquor , pretending I knew what I was doing , but nearly spit it out in the same breath .
tr	NNS	His voice shudders as I trail my palms across his body , tracing the lines of his torso .
tr	NN	I 'll tell the customer that we can order it for her . "
tr	NNS	" Check his pockets . "
tr	NNS	Gabriel rested his palms on the wrought-iron railing and stared down at the greenery below him .
tr	NNS	He was putting away dishes and utensils when he realized it was laundry day again .
tr	NN	Your mother doesn 't have that trait at all . "
tr	NNS	My purse has the numbers - " " Go get her purse , " Adrian told Jill , " before she has a fit here .
tr	NN	She deposits a pancake onto Suri 's plate like she 's Martha frigging Stewart .
tr	NNS	" I see tracks of some sort .
tr	NNS	We always check that fellow 's ships rather closely .
tr	NN	He turned and faced the coffin , intoning .
tr	NNS	He backed up a few paces .
tr	NNS	Carrie was slamming pots and pans around in the kitchen as if to make sure she didn 't overhear this personal stuff .
tr	NNS	He could see all the statues over houses .
tr	NN	I set my napkin down , careful to hide the blood stains , as if to stand up with her .
tr	NNS	She displayed her torn fingernails .
tr	NN	By the time she had had her studio for nearly ten years , Jo had achieved a contentment with her life most people can only dream of .
tr	NNS	Scar , you just got your knives back . "
tr	NN	Horror ignited that smoldering fury .
tr	NNS	The homes had professionally landscaped yards and half circles for driveways .
tr	NN	He surveyed a cruel landscape .
tr	NNS	I have my dragons .
tr	NNS	We have several meetings to attend this afternoon and a charity dinner tonight . "
tr	NNS	He was using his dogs in a ring , as fighting dogs .
tr	NNS	I saw the past generations of rulers through my mother 's eyes and those of her mother before her and so on down our line .
tr	NN	In a blur of movements , I did a circus around the club , even though I knew full well she was no longer there .
tr	NNS	And ... I need samples .
tr	NNS	To the rear of the town , Anabel could just about see the slave pens .
tr	NNS	To give them all our cattle and hope they leave us alone ? "
tr	NNS	Eagle heads , lion bodies , wings , curved beaks , sharp talons .
tr	NN	A tremor went up Julia 's spine just thinking about Douglas Ashton .
tr	NNS	The wind and snow would have scoured her tracks away .
tr	NN	He pulled off the highway and reached for the tire iron underneath the front seat .
tr	NN	She knew the code which would call up the Scream Room holo .
tr	NNS	" You mean drugs ? "
tr	NN	She gave him a little huff of disdain , just to emphasize that he must have remembered the sequence of events incorrectly .
tr	NN	" It could get a bit sticky later on .
tr	NN	It would have cost a bit as well .
tr	NNS	I could hear the wheels turning inside his head and then he said , " Ok . "
tr	NN	This close to the lake , Alix could feel a light breeze .
tr	NN	She fingered the dagger in the sheath at her hip and wrinkled her nose at the sulfuric odor trailing off the demon .
tr	NN	" They didn 't need extra equipment .
tr	NNS	The Government has urged all citizens to dig up streets and plant potatoes in order to avoid a repeat of last years famine !
tr	NNS	On occasion , as a result of one of the " knots " Gavin dealt with , a human being can develop unusual abilities .
tr	NNS	The women had already measured out their ingredients for the day 's bread , and the fires were laid under the big oven chambers .
tr	NNS	" No matter what challenges we will have great days my friend trust me , now let 's go and get those supplies and some rest .
tr	NNS	" She wants her sisters back . "
tr	NN	She dragged a bright red fingernail across her throat .
tr	NN	Lastly he wore a fluffy cap that rested on the top of his head like a pillow .
tr	NN	I asked reception to get him a visitor 's badge , so he can come and go . "
tr	NNS	I pulled up all his interviews , the ones we 'd seen already , anyway , through copies provided by both businesses .
tr	NN	Again , Annie had the strong impression that Wong had been there before her .
tr	NN	He studied the scanner to see which direction to go for the GPS transmitter .
tr	NNS	" Beyond the mind-numbing repercussions for mankind as a species , " she announced , " this NASA discovery has some harsh political repercussions here in Washington .
tr	NN	Black paint , scrapes , and dents marred both the bumper and the rear end of the car on the left side .
tr	NN	Damon stood stil , watching them al with an almost fond expression .
tr	NN	" Figures , " he muttered and grabbed it up , uncapped the lid , and then traded me the latte .
tr	NN	Jake had no option but to wriggle his way into bed wearing his day outfit .
tr	NNS	" Because Brock won three ribbons in swimming for the U.S. team .
tr	NNS	" Did you check the fingerprints in the private elevator ? "
tr	NNS	I might not understand the lyrics , but a good beat needed no translation .
tr	NNS	Despite the cigar tightly clamped between his teeth , he smiled hugely .
tr	NNS	She took a few more deep breaths through her nose .
tr	NNS	The undertow of nagging , unspoken dread in him swallowed all attempts at concentrated rage .
tr	NNS	They paid Kathy ten thousand dollars to sign adoption consent , but the judge ruled the biological father must give consent as well . "
tr	NN	He digs the right toe of his boot into the sidewalk and spins , military style , to face her .
tr	NN	I gave a shout of joy as I yanked the glass cabinet door open .
tr	NNS	She untied the reins of her mare outside the building and mounted quickly .
tr	NN	" I 'm just helping a customer , Dan .
tr	NN	A shiver raced down her spine and somehow she knew Seth had just walked through the door behind her .
tr	NN	" I think a bath and a scotch , that I don 't have to squeeze into my face , is in order before I answer that .
tr	NNS	They 'd certainly had enough chances to stop and accept defeat .
tr	NN	Something about the action stopped her short , made her pulse skip and realization zip through her like a lightning strike .
tr	NNS	Capitalist society needs disciplined workers .
tr	NNS	If anything , looking down , I could see the muddy tracks and destruction I 'd left behind .
tr	NNS	And most of my companies have those benefits , why not that particular one ? "
tr	NN	I wore the round yellow patch as well .
tr	NNS	Below the tunic he wore under his mail shirt , his bare wrists held red marks in the exact shape of the cuffs .
tr	NNS	" I 've got a few extras I can spare . "
tr	NNS	Use my abilities to find one of your enemies ?
tr	NN	Bowe had the sudden uncanny impression that they were being watched .
tr	NN	He kept digging and got more information , including account information on remote connectivity for managing systems away from the office .
tr	NNS	Michael bared his fangs with a hiss , and slashed forward .
tr	NNS	I never see any adults , not even DJs . "
tr	NN	Marcus , this is the guy who 's going to help you , so show some respect . "
tr	NN	Don 't waste your time pretending . "
tr	NN	You sound a little tense . "
tr	NN	The second it started spilling from my lips , I knew it was a mistake and he showed me why by slapping me harshly across the face .
tr	NNS	" If you look closely you can see individual layers in the ice . "
tr	NNS	I don 't mind working weekends . "
tr	NN	I didn 't give her enough credit when we met .
tr	NN	The memory of her mother sent a shaft of loss ripping through her heart " A difficulty , for certain , but not insurmountable . "
tr	NN	I should have seen that wire .
tr	NNS	He then prayed his final prayers .
tr	NNS	She did the breakfast dishes and some laundry , and together we watched the front yard .
tr	NNS	It had five or six metal tubes about eight inches long arranged sort of like a Gatling gun .
tr	NNS	I felt the quick inhales and exhales as my hand ran up that nak * d skin .
tr	NN	Stella swung her rope , and the grappling hook caught on the wyvern 's horns .
tr	NNS	I pounded the numbers into the keypad and walked inside .
tr	NN	The longer we bobbed and weaved , the more I felt the dreaded exhaustion creeping up on me .
tr	NN	He eyed the clock .
tr	NN	The limb made an audible snap as the bone shattered on impact .
tr	NNS	" Did anyone else know the terms of this proposal ? "
tr	NNS	I twirled his grey chest hairs between my fingers .
tr	NNS	I want that monster locked up , " Vickie said passionately .
tr	NNS	Moving around the side of the building , Bash glanced down the tracks .
tr	NNS	I had no motivations for wanting Newman or Haruki dead .
tr	NNS	The place had shelves and bookcases filled with books , many of them for children .
tr	NN	I had the urge to pinwheel my arms frantically , but it was as if my body wouldn 't stand for it .
tr	NN	They found the main highway and drove south .
tr	NN	Chamberlain washed down a mouthful of doughnut .
tr	NN	" Well , sir , I got ta git back on the job .
tr	NN	Even as she asked it , Claire heard the growl of an engine outside -- a big one .
tr	NNS	We take out samples at all points to check any discrepancies in environmental regulation .
tr	NN	" I 'm wearing the only other outfit I brought .
tr	NN	Robert didn 't need a sofa or a coffee table because he didn 't entertain , and he didn 't have a TV .
tr	NNS	Mel makes imaginary sparkles with her hands , like she 's a magician .
tr	NNS	* * * Iain kept careful tabs on Jackie , opening himself to let her chaotic emotions trickle into him .
tr	NNS	" I 've had centuries to practice . "
tr	NNS	He flipped down the goggles .
tr	NN	Tessa felt a prick of anger but squelched it as she tried to see things from his perspective .
tr	NN	" Alex , get your butt back here . "
tr	NN	I have a reputation to uphold .
tr	NN	Now you endanger the Colony and I cannot help you .
tr	NN	They usually can 't speak any language but their own , but they can understand a few words of ours . "
tr	NN	" I modified the prion 's genetic structure so it would not be fatal .
tr	NNS	" I have the addresses of a couple of cabins that are for sale .
tr	NN	Under the circumstances we have no option but to treat the house and associated buildings as a crime scene .
tr	NNS	We know so few planets so far . "
tr	NN	That caused a flood .
tr	NN	" I made a hair appointment for tomorrow , and I really need to do some shopping .
tr	NNS	" We have numbers and your crafters .
tr	NNS	" But , Hazard , no one has used the marks of secret for centuries .
tr	NN	Claire had knocked the cop aside in time .
tr	NN	" Wait , you just sent my jacket downstream where we just came from .
tr	NN	For the first time , I have drawn back the dark curtain of anger and seen the bright day beyond .
tr	NN	Most of all , it gave credit to the accusation that Richard murdered his nephews .
tr	NNS	Once there , she put the tissue samples in her home fridge .
tr	NN	Voices from his past swam through his head as Sheen slowly resumed consciousness .
tr	NN	What the hel does that mean ?
tr	NNS	You 've got dogs . "
tr	NNS	Nothing but broken bits , lying on the ground ... " He nodded , saddened by the idea that all this beauty would soon be swept away .
tr	NN	From her purse she pulled out the compact she 'd used to trap me .
tr	NNS	Quinn had sufficient connections , spare money , and enough blackmail evidence in order to bribe the director at the local Homeland Security offices .
tr	NNS	The feel of his fingertips kneading my scalp sent bliss radiating through me .
tr	NNS	I clench my thighs together , acutely aware of the throbbing need building between my legs .
tr	NNS	They 've had their hearts taken away . "
tr	NNS	" Did they grab the students , too ? "
tr	NNS	From there he could observe the movements of several herds and choose his quarry carefully , a small herd , possibly nearby .
tr	NN	Chapter 15 James kept the jar of change under his bed .
tr	NNS	And squeeze my thighs together .
tr	NN	Clyde handed over his passport to the agent first in line .
tr	NN	You 'll bypass the terminal and customs .
tr	NNS	They had severe bites .
tr	NN	In another direction he saw a single hill .
tr	NNS	" Although I would recommend three square meals a day outside these walls . "
tr	NN	He introduced the main feature and quiet filled the Strand .
tr	NNS	The joint chiefs and his top civilian advisers had found their chairs , shuffling papers and conversing in hushed voices with their aides .
tr	NN	As he approached the cell door , he heard a strange tune .
tr	NN	She 's having a seizure ! "
tr	NN	She didn 't have a candle , nor did she have a string to lead her .
tr	NN	I asked growing impatient with his short answers .
tr	NN	I 'll take my punishment .
tr	NN	He crossed the foyer and hugged his son .
tr	NN	I found a small burner among the lab supplies , and I was able to melt down some of the rock . "
tr	NNS	After waving goodbye to the ambassador and his wife , Dana yawned hugely and smiled her thanks to the wait staff who had helped during the meal .
tr	NNS	" I was picking up some nasty vibes from a girl who sits near me , and I think it was just too much . "
tr	NN	He holds up an item that looks like a complex wristwatch .
tr	NNS	Joni 's fingers smoothed the whiskers on his jaw .
tr	NN	Alex was jumping rope with a fire in his eyes I 'd never seen .
tr	NN	He set down the fork he was using to flip the bacon .
tr	NN	I would not usurp the throne .
tr	NNS	Once they were out of sight of any humans , Sasha used his powers to vanish and pop into the doctor 's office on the second floor .
tr	NN	Teri Jenkins and General White walked off the small podium and exited through a door behind the podium .
tr	NNS	Benjamin stoked the whiskers on his chin and glanced toward Tink and Nathan .
tr	NN	Cassidy took the other swing , making a complicated design in the sand with her toes .
tr	NN	" They have another search warrant ? "
tr	NNS	" I hate snakes . "
tr	NNS	I withdrew my fangs and licked the wound closed .
tr	NNS	That I could , with the extinction of your miserable existence , restore those victims whom you have so diabolically murdered ! ' '
tr	NNS	Dave had 120 yards to the center of the green and about 130 yards to the pin .
tr	NNS	While others were out front reading sign , Johnnie took several opportunities to talk with his father .
tr	NNS	I cook the steaks .
tr	NN	He dropped the towel to the floor , pulled off his t-shirt and slipped out of his running trunks and jock strap .
tr	NNS	At the time of the divorce , he 'd owned two stores .
tr	NN	The mantra of California natives entered her mind unbidden , Welcome to California .
tr	NN	He had made a dash to the side but only got a couple of steps before the sheriff grabbed hold of him roughly .
tr	NNS	So I ignored the butterflies in my stomach and told myself to deal .
tr	NNS	You sleep inches from people who your uncle decided weren 't useful anymore . "
tr	NNS	If lucky , someone would have packed something tasty , like smoked sausages , but that was not the case this evening .
tr	NN	She probably started molding you the second you were on your own . "
tr	NNS	The injection had numbed his senses .
tr	NNS	At first , it only hosted local garage bands that played just for the practice space .
tr	NNS	He took a few shallow breaths and then looked into my eyes .
tr	NN	I had a full-on drama queen meltdown .
tr	NN	He just offered her the throne . "
tr	NNS	" We 've got a few marks to visit , are you ready ? "
tr	NN	" He meant well , " Nicole defended her future father-in-law .
tr	NNS	Miss Foster called after him When he returned , Caroline was eagerly showing off her monogrammed napkins .
tr	NNS	" But I have my own talents . "
tr	NN	' Tis a bad omen . "
tr	NN	He shakes his head passionately .
tr	NN	Pendleton felt a twist of regret turn inside him , and he wished he hadn 't asked her to elaborate .
tr	NNS	Even as a baby , only Grandpa Abraham could calm her frantic crying spells .
tr	NN	She felt an impulse to rock him and perhaps to croon a very soft lullaby to him .
tr	NN	Morton stepped off the cart , glad to have firm ground back under his feet .
tr	NN	" Lovely , " Gemma called out a touch sarcastically from somewhere in the aisles of shelving .
tr	NN	" Well , you just met your goal today . "
tr	NNS	Shame we didn 't have those steaks Sunday , still I 'll be thinking of you when I get around to cooking them .
tr	NN	" Uh ... okay , " I whispered and got another arm squeeze that took the breath from me .
tr	NNS	Or eating enormous , home-cooked meals .
tr	NNS	For better or worse , Nolan would never again scrub the floors again .
tr	NN	Adam turned off the ignition and slumped back into his seat .
tr	NN	Mac shimmied up a spreading oak , his hiking boots slipping on the damp trunk .
tr	NNS	I unlocked the wheels where I had made them fast , facing the stairs .
tr	NN	Odd brought the tool over to the lump of ice .
tr	NNS	" He just sits at the table , eats his favorite dishes and thanks the gods for the wonderful food . "
tr	NN	Within moments the first passenger quickly moved up the ramp , followed by the others , beginning as just a trickle and then becoming a steady flow .
tr	NN	I 'm selling some old jewelry in town today .
tr	NN	Yes , she definitely knew that uniform .
tr	NNS	" You 've got some serious balls asking me for that .
tr	NNS	Did you store all the data as I scanned ?
tr	NNS	I didn 't feel any puncture marks or any bruising like I had expected .
tr	NNS	He took small shallow breaths through his nose , and after a while his chest seemed to ease .
tr	NN	Rand only really holds one crown .
tr	NN	They messed the code up on the last number and left the body by accident .
tr	NN	" Stay within calling distance , but let her have her privacy . "
tr	NN	Miss Glory , I shall confide our quest with you after supper .
tr	NNS	" I don 't do drugs .
tr	NNS	He 'd scoured antiques stores in London , Edinburgh , Paris , and down into Italy .
tr	NNS	Clayton handed him the photographs , and Barclay nodded .
tr	NNS	The Board simply moved their younger members up to the positions of Bosses .
tr	NN	She did not want the onerous task to interfere with her thoughts .
tr	NNS	She gauged the noiseless diners around the table .
tr	NNS	Please accept my apologies for the delay .
tr	NNS	" I like houses .
tr	NN	Julian turned and cut a glare to Paul that would have made anyone with sense back away .
tr	NNS	I have no doubts your new mistress has more need of your services than I , so I shall suffer longer for her sake . "
tr	NNS	" He 's got cracked ribs and vertebrae , and bruised kidneys . "
tr	NN	At first I felt a pinch of envy : he has this huge family that looks out for him and would do anything for him .
tr	NNS	Thuy could not feign maternal interests even if she tried .
tr	NNS	He was taking no chances when it came to the beast of heavy metals returning to their camp site .
tr	NNS	" These marks are made strong by the winds of the Silent Storm , " the shaman told his companions .
tr	NNS	She wanted this bliss .
tr	NNS	" Does this house have ghosts ? "
tr	NN	David resisted the urge to tell Monroe to shove those orders up his ass and glanced at Noelle .
tr	NN	Got a fourteen pointer the year before last . "
tr	NNS	" I 've already made arrangements .
tr	NN	Mom pulled the apron off and pushed down on her brown curly hair , which had whirled up into knots as she battled the smoke .
tr	NN	Looking at them , I felt a pang of guilt -- setup was my responsibility .
tr	NN	Sally maneuvered her aircraft around the second C-130 that was still on the runway .
tr	NNS	Mr. Neville had only his own interests in mind as far as she went , and they would not include marriage .
tr	NNS	then prepared their torches .
tr	NNS	The first peddler , with white and aqua colored hair , clutched his reins suddenly .
tr	NNS	We 'll advise our allies to do the same from this end .
tr	NN	Paige gave his forearm a squeeze .
tr	NNS	She carried out special " assignments " for injured CSA personnel and made herself available on a moment 's notice to assist .
tr	NN	Brice took possession of Francesca 's elbow and all but pulled her out of the room .
tr	NN	Ted recognized this statue as the hood ornament from a Rolls Royce .
tr	NN	I had the strong , if not strange , urge to cover up my body .
tr	NNS	I 'd had meetings with Dad twice last week , and each of them had run over .
tr	NN	" We make electricity .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens she 'd come .
tr	NNS	" You wrecked my ships , curse you .
tr	NNS	" I have very good instincts when it comes to people .
tr	NNS	She would take her art supplies to the beach .
tr	NN	He held up a clump of bamboo shoots between his chopsticks .
tr	NNS	But then the crocodile totally unexpectedly snapped his jaws in the air and swam off in the opposite direction .
tr	NNS	They all wore long black , streamed line coats , equipped with weapons and other gadgets .
tr	NN	Maybe she needed a sibling .
tr	NNS	" I need more rags . "
tr	NNS	We have already found some references we did not expect . "
tr	NNS	" We will stock the ships with food and lumber immediately .
tr	NNS	The house did not need ghosts .
tr	NNS	Go find your own restaurants to trash . "
tr	NNS	I bared my fangs and plunged it into the bleeding wound .
tr	NNS	Chewing on my lip , I grabbed two clean plates and placed them on the counter .
tr	NNS	And I 've got some new novels in the library , nice fluff reading .
tr	NNS	He herded the damp wizards towards the door .
tr	NN	She understood the implied command .
tr	NNS	You 've still retained skills far above what most anyone else on this planet is able to do .
tr	NNS	I hear only someone moaning .
tr	NNS	If anything it had hurt our chances .
tr	NN	Then she opened a silverware drawer and slammed it shut .
tr	NN	Aunt Margaret set down the receiver and turned her full attention back to Janie .
tr	NNS	We 're getting helmets .
tr	NN	A building inspector doesn 't need a search warrant to open a shed when the building code violation is evident .
tr	NN	He licks down my spine and softly bites my ass .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , I just wanted my silences to stay silent , full of thoughts , empty of words .
tr	NNS	Alexia glared daggers at the Frenchwoman .
tr	NNS	And send the messengers north and south first by boat .
tr	NN	He swung the wrench and hit Mac in the chest .
tr	NN	He stopped his crawling and indicated the problem to Aaron .
tr	NN	" I have a mechanic , and a boy who works mornings for me during the summer , then shifts to afternoons during the school year . "
tr	NN	Lucy Ann speared a chocolate strawberry and willed herself not to blush at the heated memories the fruit evoked .
tr	NN	said the god anxiously .
tr	NNS	Mandy cleared away the dishes and removed the tray .
tr	NN	Her illness gave her two advantages : one , they left her alone , and two , it perpetuated the myth that she carried Hywel 's child .
tr	NNS	" The wisdom of ages , " Silk agreed fervently .
tr	NNS	For decades , primate researchers had dismissed such native tales as " wild and superstitious fantasy . "
tr	NN	His dry laugh brought a pang to my heart .
tr	NN	" Did you hear or see anybody ? "
tr	NN	He was getting the impression that Kowalski would resist leaving home for as long as possible .
tr	NNS	How did Malcolm justify his actions ?
tr	NN	He gripped the front doorknob , the metal hot in his hand .
tr	NNS	The second through fourth floor held the classrooms and offices for the ISE .
tr	NNS	We clipped the deer on my side with a loud thwack at the rear of the car .
tr	NN	She has taken a few slips of mail out of the bag and is shuffling through them as if they were cards , looking for counters .
tr	NNS	You 'll take classes with them too . "
tr	NN	Her mother also had that willingness , and a couple of her sisters-in-law .
tr	NN	FIDO could carry a nuclear stove for cooking and staying warm .
tr	NNS	I grabbed up a few items right away to add to the backpack and reached for the scroll .
tr	NN	I turn and enter the cafeteria slowly , not sure what I 'm walking into .
tr	NN	He makes a mean vodka soda . '
tr	NNS	Paul released the pebbles from his hand and they splattered on to the sand .
tr	NNS	Deep gouges score my palms and forearms .
tr	NN	He gave me a throaty growl .
tr	NN	I fought an urge to scream into the phone .
tr	NNS	He checked wiring connections , then synchronized the computer 's weak impulse to the rhythm already sketched on the monitor .
tr	NN	Abandoned vehicles , flattened fences , and burned-out buildings dominated the landscape .
tr	NNS	Emma detected a few small movements , from the other bundled up bumps on the floor .
tr	NNS	They reversed positions two or three times before the larger of the two fought his way onto the top of the other .
tr	NNS	" Well , at least it 's not been since you 've been in Homicide , " Jake offered encouragingly .
tr	NNS	I can take no chances on a lesser quality clay vessel that may leak or break during the voyage to Italy . "
tr	NNS	We make jokes about the safe things .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't have seen the drops of blood on the sleeve from the doorway , but I certainly saw them when I picked up the shirt .
tr	NNS	I could confiscate the drugs and we could take them all down for trafficking .
tr	NN	" That didn 't raise a flag ? "
tr	NNS	Tabitha glanced down at her designer three inch heel sandals and then looked back up to Cheyenne with a guilty expression on her face .
tr	NNS	With a wince , he shoved the wires into the water and touched them together .
tr	NNS	" It will ruin all my campaigns this year .
tr	NN	A glance at the clock told her that it was well past the time he should have had more aspirin .
tr	NN	I have laid siege to your strong places .
tr	NN	I wanted my throne back .
tr	NNS	Her eyes studied the lyrics that I wrote , and she sat glued to her seat for a good five minutes not moving an inch .
tr	NNS	Luis squeezed his balls hard and said , " Goodnight , my love . "
tr	NN	" I now have an occasion to wear the red . "
tr	NN	What the fuck are you doing here ? "
tr	NNS	The Fuse raised his hands palms outward and chanted briefly .
tr	NN	Now I could feel a gentle breeze hitting my skin , alerting me to that fact .
tr	NN	' Oh my god , an iPod ! '
tr	NN	My dad had cancer and was close to dying .
tr	NN	I 'd gotten the impression that Pam and Chow shared a house ... or a mausoleum ... somewhere in Shreveport .
tr	NNS	The cool ocean breeze cleared her senses as more customers flowed into the large foyer .
tr	NN	" But I don 't have any faith in this matter . "
tr	NNS	Before she could answer we both saw several attackers rallying from both sides of us .
tr	NNS	Rather like the adolescent gangs in the cities to which he , himself , had once belonged .
tr	NN	She practically threw a tantrum , getting up and walking out on them .
tr	NN	He recovered his duffel and slung it over his shoulder .
tr	NN	She appreciated the gesture , but it would be futile if the bear broke through that gate .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to touch her cheeks .
tr	NN	Looking to his right , Sean spied a maintenance worker pushing a snow shovel along the sidewalk next to the building .
tr	NN	" Very well , Your Lordship . "
tr	NN	He offered a silent prayer of thanksgiving for their safe passage , and prayed that Harriet and her family were safe as well .
tr	NNS	The day was already turning hot and pristine clouds floated slowly across an azure sky .
tr	NNS	We have fashioned our supreme gods in our own likeness - in their thoughts and form .
tr	NN	" Oooh , " and " Ouch , " the other guys say , slapping the wide receiver , who bats their arms away .
tr	NN	A pain stabs my left temple and I press my hand against it .
tr	NN	William tied the last knot and sat back on his heels as he studied his sister .
tr	NN	Cassie fought the urge to groan and roll her eyes .
tr	NNS	" Does it involve our special talents ? "
tr	NN	" Lance , when I was on a mission we were given limited ammo .
tr	NNS	" When I was five , I was still making mud pies .
tr	NN	Meanwhile , Bart worked his own keyboard with renewed zeal .
tr	NN	I 'd left my umbrella and my scooter at the dorm and walked here .
tr	NNS	Maeve had her doubts about that promise , knowing what she did about the military , at least how it had been back in their day .
tr	NN	This pleased the wolf cub so much that a few days afterwards he tried the same trick , and again the other wolves came to his help .
tr	NN	Many of the ladies at Potomac had been using a plastic surgeon whose specialty , evidently , was the Asian look .
tr	NNS	Jude grabbed two beers from the fridge and poured herself a white wine ; then she followed her men out to the patio .
tr	NNS	I then dropped my suspicions of the watch for the moment .
tr	NN	" Bad timing . "
tr	NNS	It lightened the heaviness of his life .
tr	NN	Marcus kept his face impassive , but inside his gut was clenched tight .
tr	NNS	One with horn rimmed frames , another with bright pink frames , and one that made the wearer look more mosquito than human .
tr	NN	We shall sue and regain our reputation ! "
tr	NNS	One of the men picked some peanuts out of a bag and hurled them at Guy .
tr	NNS	I will not have drugs on my property and be an enabler to you and your habits . "
tr	NNS	Jason heard the covers being thrown back , followed by a sharp intake of breath .
tr	NN	He scanned the info and nodded .
tr	NNS	Lying in my bed , wrapped in a man 's arms , I grew dizzy .
tr	NN	" He mentioned the coven in Bethesda and told me to be careful . "
tr	NNS	He tossed the remains of his lunch into a small white Styrofoam cooler and picked up a deck of playing cards .
tr	NN	But then Macey threw a pillow at Bex , and I realized that maybe " only child " was just a technicality .
tr	NNS	She walked a few yards over to the old log fence that separated the walkway and the train tracks .
tr	NNS	He took a few shallow breaths .
tr	NNS	Could be , he didn 't know the customs of this strange country .
tr	NN	Then I took the boot from Dov and looked inside .
tr	NNS	' Of course you don 't have any rights .
tr	NNS	" Identical human twins .
tr	NNS	All of a sudden , she was no longer falling backwards , but was pulled up hard against a massive chest .
tr	NN	" Oh my god . "
tr	NNS	Anne had already made arrangements to rent a car so that she could drive to the Seattle waterfront district to meet Carla for lunch .
tr	NN	She was wearing a low-cut black Halston gown and simple but stunning jewelry .
tr	NN	Liam gave him a shove .
tr	NN	" So , for instance , Mr. Oliver , " Marshall directs his speech towards Gage .
tr	NNS	This way , they only did chores after school .
tr	NN	" You took their garbage ? "
tr	NNS	Come on , I can probably even find you some toilets to clean . "
tr	NNS	Wanting management they collected business cards , but not sufficient interest to secure a manager .
tr	NNS	I have spare suits from parties I 've thrown , and I 'm pretty sure one of them will fit you .
tr	NN	At this I lost my patience .
tr	NN	What if , if I somehow manage to get through them , I can 't find the right file ?
tr	NN	You 'd probably eat your own shoe if it had barbecue sauce poured on it .
tr	NNS	I don 't have nightmares about them hurting me ... Not like the others .
tr	NNS	Gabriel had even carried the porcelain dinner plates from the apartment and the Rosenthal glasses .
tr	NNS	Riley stopped her forms and came over .
tr	NNS	Hand me your credentials . "
tr	NN	But it has a soaring quality , especially from where we are standing , under the great stained-glass window .
tr	NN	He will spill his seed in her .
tr	NNS	Out from his hands came snakes .
tr	NN	Seeing that manatee with Irina gave me the sensation that I was getting a second chance to experience something sublime .
tr	NN	" Copy " came Brock 's bass growl .
tr	NNS	You lost my dad 's compass ? "
tr	NN	" I didn 't leave the stereo on . "
tr	NNS	Or worse , if the situation called for it , could she engage in certain activities publicly in order to sustain his cover ?
tr	NN	A few passengers were ascending the escalator , and McBride eyed them casually as he walked along .
tr	NNS	In the earlier letters , he made several references to Butch , and " the way he looks at you . "
tr	NN	He kissed her thigh and said , " I 'd say you enjoy that just fine . "
tr	NN	" I need proof , Fred .
tr	NN	I consider this possibility .
tr	NN	MTV was showing the Michael Jackson video " Thriller . "
tr	NN	A particularly strong jolt sent a shockwave through Nate 's spine .
tr	NNS	We take breaks so our band and crew can spend time with their families .
tr	NNS	" Together with his Earth friends , both old and new , he will save many planets from destruction . "
tr	NNS	One kiss , my terms , to be claimed when the time is right . "
tr	NNS	Are there any cleaning supplies here ? "
tr	NNS	The news had reached the television stations quickly .
tr	NNS	He lifted the remaining cards , and she inserted her card approximately halfway into the deck .
tr	NNS	" But take a few breaths first , fills those lungs up with air . "
tr	NNS	The rain would help the crops though ... he supposed that was a good thing .
tr	NN	Another bullet gouged the frame , and we ducked back .
tr	NN	" They cut hay all day .
tr	NNS	Nathan and his family had fought off attackers on three occasions already .
tr	NN	Leopold stuck his snout out of the hedge .
tr	NN	" Surely , you mean bubble . "
tr	NNS	The military put numbers on everything .
tr	NN	Greek Decline The 1st century BCE , however , saw a slowing and then a virtual dead stop of Western scientific progress .
tr	NNS	Both options had benefits .
tr	NNS	" You 're taking chances again .
tr	NNS	They mastered their knots and lashings with shocking ease !
tr	NNS	The professors at the college required all senior undergrad students to attend -- no exceptions .
tr	NN	I found no tool that looked adequate to cutting them .
tr	NN	Maybe she has a hidden vault of her treasures .
tr	NNS	Not a lot of sixteen-year-old girls have the balls to do that .
tr	NN	It hit Dormer 's temple with a sharp CRACK and sent him sprawling to the ground .
tr	NN	The sooner the trip was over , the faster she could regain her sanity .
tr	NNS	The flames were licking the twin diesel engines .
tr	NN	The childless Elisabeth had only a life estate after which the historic house would go to whichever niece or cousin of the late Earl 's remained alive .
tr	NNS	He pokes my ribs .
tr	NNS	They 'd taken photographs of the numbers tattooed under the upper lip of each horse that was used for identification purposes .
tr	NN	And I needed her forgiveness .
tr	NN	Dying oughta have a design the same as living .
tr	NNS	Nurse Watkins had swept up the smashed plates .
tr	NN	Especially as the two species share the same genetic heritage . "
tr	NNS	" Anymore complaints ? "
tr	NN	" I 'd give up modeling to be with him .
tr	NN	Then she would hand the presentation over to Father Joseph for the wrap up .
tr	NN	That entire time , you 've been puttering around the little ivory tower you built for yourself .
tr	NN	Josh laughed at Cera as he stood up , deadly lawn care tool in hand .
tr	NN	In Lauren 's book , he 'd committed a huge sin .
tr	NN	With that thought , he yanked his quiver over his head and handed it to Kateri .
tr	NN	Several students from Central High School were setting up camera equipment at the highest seating level to record the game .
tr	NNS	They were just following their instincts . "
tr	NNS	Now we have ghosts and crying children .
tr	NNS	He could see little freckles on her arms .
tr	NNS	She 'd been blaming the changes on adjusting to married life .
tr	NNS	As a panther , Keller had exquisitely sensitive hairs all over her body , especially on her face .
tr	NNS	Past my defenses . "
tr	NN	I chucked a kitchen towel at her head , and she burst out laughing .
tr	NNS	she announced , sitting up , breathless , her skirt hitched up .
tr	NN	Every time he let himself into their place , he felt a little more grown-up .
tr	NNS	My dad has some serious issues and it all started when my mom left .
tr	NN	" How do you have our technology ? "
tr	NN	She smelled the aroma of a pungent chemical .
tr	NN	Storm gives my shoulder an affectionate squeeze , and I don 't flinch .
tr	NNS	What if you don 't get any clients ? "
tr	NN	She kept up the soothing patter while she pulsed a little dream energy at the static , murky waves .
tr	NN	It gave them an abundance of free heat .
tr	NN	He preached a basic gospel sermon of repentance and salvation , and then led the group in a prayer of deliverance .
tr	NN	He was rubbing my belly gently as I fell asleep .
tr	NNS	' These wretches suffice for the time being , but they are deficient , they lack any measurable reserves of spirit .
tr	NNS	I stumbled backwards , frenetically scrambling to get my footing .
tr	NNS	You can 't possibly cover your tracks like you did Kenner 's .
tr	NN	She returned the gesture , missing the fact that the king was watching this exchange .
tr	NN	You concocted this farce for one purpose : to usurp power .
tr	NN	What flavor was it ? "
tr	NNS	If I was left alone , I could knock out the cameras , take to the rafters , and hopefully lose my pursuers along the way .
tr	NNS	Tam can make up some sandwiches . "
tr	NN	Scores dropped his fork .
tr	NNS	She snapped two talons together .
tr	NNS	Get the metaphorical balls to approach him .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to grab the end of his tie and pull him down on top of her where he belonged .
tr	NNS	" Why did he put hearts beside your name ? "
tr	NN	She saw also his tragic goodness , shining out to her more brightly than she had ever seen it .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness it did . "
tr	NNS	His humbleness won the hearts and respect of many people .
tr	NN	I checked the price tag and I had enough money to buy it .
tr	NN	Brian swings his bat in circles , raising his eyebrows , glancing from the boys to me .
tr	NNS	Even a plain t-shirt couldn 't hide her large breasts and small waist .
tr	NN	Out of the corner of my eye , I noticed Claude 's cheeks reddening .
tr	NNS	If they brushed chests passing in the kitchen , she logged the boys ' favorite foods .
tr	NN	We heard the crunch of gravel behind us .
tr	NN	He must learn patience this week .
tr	NNS	BBM had ten board members altogether .
tr	NN	And furthermore - " From her purse , Lisa got out an incredibly tiny pistol .
tr	NN	He filled the pilot in on the details .
tr	NN	She lifted up the second battery , still in her hand .
tr	NNS	" Silence you godless dogs ! "
tr	NNS	We share a few acquaintances . "
tr	NNS	By the way , guys from your school have their astronomy classes here once in a while . "
tr	NNS	With a burst of hope , she tossed aside her covers and ran out of the room .
tr	NNS	I had the basics down : going invisible , appearing in my mist form and !
tr	NNS	" We 've got our armies here , ready and willing to fight .
tr	NNS	He retrieved their coats .
tr	NN	The gray light from the windows got dimmer and dimmer and finally faded altogether .
tr	NNS	She lit two candles in preparation and pulled a flashlight from the buffet drawer .
tr	NNS	I could see power resting in those limbs .
tr	NN	In the dim glow of night , I could see the gloss of her dark , marble eyes , the thinness of her delicate skin .
tr	NN	" But why does he want the Cup so badly ? "
tr	NNS	I passed out the peanut butter sandwiches with apple slices , feeling like a third grade teacher .
tr	NN	She pulled up the volunteer roster on her phone and punched in his number .
tr	NNS	" I give you ten ticks to decide . "
tr	NNS	Besides , he likes all those bugs in the swamp . "
tr	NNS	" If you don 't know how old I am at this point , we have issues . "
tr	NN	I let out a low moan as my body betrayed me .
tr	NN	Christ George what 's a mother to do , you give the term loose cannon a whole new meaning .
tr	NN	Not always successfully , but I appreciated the gesture .
tr	NN	Crawley took the bed frame and shook it , shouting at the Mayor , ' But you 'd said I 'd got it ? '
tr	NNS	The demon 's attempts to entice her away earlier today confirmed Victoria 's suspicions that something would happen soon .
tr	NNS	" Wouldn 't the changes of puberty initiate ... other changes ? "
tr	NNS	I 'd rather trust my own instincts . "
tr	NNS	He had my long eyelashes , of which his sister was eternally jealous .
tr	NN	He turned a bloodshot glare upon Tavi .
tr	NN	Live the physical realization .
tr	NN	He gave me that infuriating smirk .
tr	NN	I have an appointment with her next week . "
tr	NN	Amy had no patience for slow drivers who didn 't know where they were going .
tr	NN	His eyes could still see the massacre and his ears could hear the screams of agony .
tr	NNS	Our Caribbean honeymoon has far exceeded my expectations .
tr	NNS	" Break up cards . "
tr	NN	Vincent grabbed another slice .
tr	NNS	For one moment , I pushed aside my doubts of Scott Parnell .
tr	NNS	The girl 's hand moves faster , her quill gouging the pages of the book .
tr	NN	The CT scan of his head also shows some bleeding in the frontal lobe .
tr	NN	Do not open this package , unless you have asked a Soul Reaper to tell you about the REAL details of the cure .
tr	NN	Colt had never seen the man show affection to any other human being .
tr	NN	She released her ponytail so her hair fell in bouncy waves around her .
tr	NNS	He smiles slyly and returns to smoke .
tr	NN	Everything has an underlining meaning . "
tr	NNS	The bow had two canisters on either side .
tr	NNS	Leaning out of the cab , Devlin flashed the proper credentials and they were meticulously reviewed .
tr	NNS	I won eight hundred dollars a year ago . "
tr	NN	Abby taped a thick wad of gauze to the puncture holes .
tr	NNS	" I had several assignments .
tr	NNS	The rain , due warning now over and done with , set out in earnest , heavier drops .
tr	NN	Dim moonlight made a halo out of his hair , and his eyes glittered gold like a cat 's .
tr	NN	His lips wrought havoc with her mind as he kissed her .
tr	NNS	At others though , when Sav thought no one was watching , Barrett caught the utter loneliness in his eyes .
tr	NNS	" Any new developments ? "
tr	NN	Now he needed a bath , a thick pint of beer , and a good night 's sleep .
tr	NNS	Several corridors away and down a floor , those two boys were not wandering the halls .
tr	NN	I could feel her palm quiver against my own .
tr	NN	Sleeping with some other woman certainly didn 't prove his devotion .
tr	NN	He could taste the soil in his mouth , the minerals and grit , but it was air .
tr	NN	The games created a flickering twilight , mostly blues and reds .
tr	NN	I felt his hand sweep down my back , the lightest touch .
tr	NNS	" I only live a few blocks from here .
tr	NN	Ship might hand him an impossible deadline at any moment .
tr	NN	He used the same sponge to wet the glue on the stamp .
tr	NNS	Peeking beyond his biceps , I see the two blue uniforms stalking in our direction .
tr	NN	Should have that shipment tomorrow .
tr	NN	I remembered her at the games last year , front row , painted face .
tr	NNS	" Do I hear any more bids ?
tr	NN	I had no more leverage .
tr	NNS	One by one , the brothers got off their chairs and headed out the door .
tr	NNS	It may be having difficulties at the moment , but many castles are since the plague .
tr	NNS	The fact that you didn 't say anything at all spoke volumes . "
tr	NN	Richard carefully inspected the fern and shook his head in amazement .
tr	NNS	" I 've found more tapes .
tr	NNS	" Only bits and pieces .
tr	NNS	His fingers pinched my nipples , and I squeezed my legs together .
tr	NN	If she didn 't think it would have made her mom mad , she would have thrown a pillow at her .
tr	NN	A bolt of pure white light hit the belly of the chopper , sending it spinning back toward one of the casinos .
tr	NN	She flagged a waiter over .
tr	NN	You put a bid in on the house .
tr	NN	I stifled the urge to laugh and twirl around to further show off .
tr	NN	" You have a nice bath .
tr	NNS	Dinner with Haruki the night we found Orpheus .
tr	NN	From the track lighting above I could see a gleam of sweat on her exposed skin .
tr	NN	Duff did indeed play hockey , and Chris suggested they head over to the rink to skate .
tr	NNS	A wall of windows provided diners with a view of the rising mountains behind the Manor .
tr	NN	" Resume flirting mode . "
tr	NN	Jake started the motorcycle .
tr	NN	Abby sensed disaster and began talking about the church they had joined .
tr	NNS	" If you would just sign please madam , I have other deliveries to make this morning . "
tr	NN	She made a dash for her truck , the box in her arms .
tr	NNS	They discussed politics , if anything in the city would change with Hopkins in the mayor 's seat .
tr	NNS	But he could not pierce their ranks .
tr	NN	I have a zebra print rug and several black chairs that should arrive tomorrow for our lobby .
tr	NN	She was holding a cake .
tr	NNS	" We saved millions but not the entire human populace .
tr	NNS	I promise you , before we go back , you can walk along the cliffs .
tr	NN	asked the knight guarding the door .
tr	NN	They paid her no heed , talking money and stats .
tr	NN	If a PR rep planned this , I give him credit .
tr	NN	I 'm starting an internship there . "
tr	NNS	They cooked my meals and cleaned my house .
tr	NNS	" You know , Garrett , when your mom died , I made excuses , too .
tr	NNS	" And I brought reinforcements for happiness . "
tr	NN	Viper gave a small shrug .
tr	NNS	" Callie is having man issues and she needs to talk to her mother . "
tr	NNS	When I finally mustered the courage to look at him , he was cleaning his fingernails with his switchblade , and he was waiting for me .
tr	NNS	Bennett asked the twins .
tr	NN	And every now and then , you can avoid an unwanted confrontation with a little fear , or use a mix of emotions to extract information .
tr	NNS	And even within itself , even by saying that this version is the right one , it suggests other versions , versions that exist in parallel .
tr	NNS	She threw back the covers , really wishing she could stop thinking about that .
tr	NN	Marianne gave her shoulder a playful pat .
tr	NN	A final rocket from the third chopper ended its misery .
tr	NNS	We could easily have driven these competitors into the ground , or swallowed them up .
tr	NN	She opened the secret closet and stepped foot back inside , where she stopped .
tr	NNS	A gust extinguished the candles , leaving us in darkness .
tr	NNS	Van stopped a dozen paces from his son .
tr	NNS	I didn 't know the folks who owned that house .
tr	NNS	The grin she wore spoke volumes on how she reacted to the drive .
tr	NN	He could see the dark black wing of the dead wasp pressed against the mesh of the wastebasket .
tr	NN	He tossed her turtleneck to her .
tr	NNS	Vin whipped her daggers out and jumped free of the statue .
tr	NN	But she had faith in Paolo .
tr	NN	After I was King , I would decide your fate .
tr	NN	But he made out the plump cheeks and the smile on its face , and the tiny fingers of its extended hands .
tr	NN	It just kept flowing southeast around a point of land until it opened into Lake Huron .
tr	NNS	If it comes to me never being able to have a baby , I 'll have my sisters and brothers . "
tr	NN	Though he couldn 't see it very well in the pale light coming through the window , he knew every detail of the object anyway .
tr	NNS	But forget the technical miracles .
tr	NNS	" If I do , I cut my losses quickly and move on .
tr	NN	" Stand up , honey .
tr	NN	Members of this council , do not accept this vote !
tr	NN	" Just a minute Sir , I 'll ask the sergeant to speak with you . "
tr	NNS	" Pirate ships ! "
tr	NN	Apparently he hadn 't discussed the incident in Vietnam with his daughter .
tr	NNS	Pain motivated his actions .
tr	NNS	Alarmingly , the engine had no leaks or scrapes , and everything under the bonnet seemed fine .
tr	NN	We grabbed some hot chocolate but drank it in the car on our way home .
tr	NNS	Freezer space held home-made pies and cuts of meat .
tr	NN	Byron kept possession of her hand .
tr	NN	She paid the tears no heed , not bothering to wipe them or hide them from other pedestrians .
tr	NNS	Oscar handled the changes differently , but I push those kinds of thoughts away before they can really develop .
tr	NN	I attended a small , private educational institution in Rochester .
tr	NN	Gia took a napkin from the table and flicked it on the wooden slatted chair .
tr	NN	He threw the chunk of dirt to the floor and crushed it with one of his heels .
tr	NNS	Beau followed her buttocks with his eyes and it took him several minutes to snap out of some sort of hypnosis to look around at the room .
tr	NN	" Did you lose your shoe , Cinderella ? "
tr	NNS	Normally I expect bands to bring at least twenty people , fifteen minimum . '
tr	NN	She felt a heavy sensation in her chest .
tr	NNS	He liked his knives but while he was on point he stuck with his bow .
tr	NNS	I was following up some leads . "
tr	NNS	" I hate ghosts . "
tr	NNS	She was putting another twelve inches or so between them , but at this , she paused .
tr	NN	I took my second tumbler of Scotch in one gulp , as if having it taken away from me by force would be the ultimate insult .
tr	NN	Then he swatted her butt .
tr	NN	I don 't carry a shovel in my trunk .
tr	NN	I don 't know why but for some reason when he was talking , I got the impression he answers to someone else .
tr	NNS	If it came to it , McCreary would trade millions of lives without a second thought ; it was simply the lesser of two evils .
tr	NNS	Samantha had noticed new students on campus who never seemed to go to class , but always managed to cross her path .
tr	NN	How would you describe a warlock , and are they different from say a wizard , witch or sorcerer ? "
tr	NNS	At 49,000 feet he had the engines close to maximum power to hold the aircraft in level flight at this height .
tr	NN	She wore a sleeping gown that had short sleeves and was cut off at Lena 's mid-thigh .
tr	NNS	I like numbers . "
tr	NNS	Now all the people of the Outlands gathered around their fires and sang together .
tr	NN	It sucks a good chunk out .
tr	NNS	Many of the people that Robert had helped over the years had grown in responsibility and were now leaders in various branches of the government .
tr	NN	I jotted out a quick email telling him that I 'd be in town and that I hoped we could meet up .
tr	NNS	I still felt dizzy , from Spencer , and from my transformation back into a mermaid .
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to call Joshua .
tr	NN	For the past year , the old town had meant doom to him .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to snatch it back .
tr	NNS	The thought of confrontation sent spirals of tension through her stomach .
tr	NNS	She liked my designs .
tr	NNS	" You know , " she whispered , " I have my doubts about what we did to him . "
tr	NN	My spine is conducting enough electricity to power a city .
tr	NN	The picture showed a large sailboat looming above a Coast Guard cruiser .
tr	NNS	My contingent of guards had received reinforcements , but they were mostly there as precautions to keep me in line .
tr	NNS	We won 't take chances . "
tr	NNS	Simon had placed cameras at each entrance , standard for any facility of the kind .
tr	NNS	" You have obligations , Max , you have responsibilities ... " " I have complicating factors .
tr	NN	" And I , " said Maryse , " don 't want your pity , Imogen .
tr	NNS	After rummaging through the kitchen cabinets for a few minutes Joye had found the next two items on her list .
tr	NN	Hands shaky , Reyes opened the refrigerator .
tr	NNS	" I would never take your spoils - " " She 's not my spoils .
tr	NNS	The surface of the sea itself shook with it , sending up a fine cloud of spray that only rose a few inches above the waters .
tr	NN	" I owe you a debt , Lady . "
tr	NNS	The Seattle Strangler always kills his victims .
tr	NNS	" I was just double-checking some items . "
tr	NN	" I had a little hunch that if they were gone , the Purple Flame might work . "
tr	NN	He popped the candy into his mouth and dropped the empty wrapper back in the bowl .
tr	NNS	Say some prayers for that poor girl . "
tr	NN	Chey let out a yawn .
tr	NNS	The noise pounds his raw , exposed senses .
tr	NNS	I heard short and irritating knocks at the door .
tr	NN	We shouldn 't let her temperature climb any higher . "
tr	NN	" Your stepfather took a liking to you . "
tr	NN	He put the telephone receiver back in its cradle and turned his attention to her , catching the frown of concern on her face .
tr	NNS	Hated their reflections , their truths .
tr	NNS	" Did he sabotage our ships ? "
tr	NNS	We grabbed our packs from the truck and moved out .
tr	NNS	She was rendered breathless .
tr	NN	That I used poetry to get girls to have sex with me . "
tr	NN	Thank goodness she had just bought a new set .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , you can get those steaks off the grill before we need a sledgehammer to cut them . "
tr	NN	He 'd experienced the aftermath of those battles first hand .
tr	NNS	I realized my rudeness and added , " I apologize for my bluntness .
tr	NN	She laughs and hitches her hip against the counter .
tr	NNS	He examined their surroundings rather keenly .
tr	NN	Coop had a hunting rifle , but Gunner 's weapon was truly massive , with two stout barrels and three lenses arrayed along their length .
tr	NN	I had been feeling this every time I was losing consciousness in my dream .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to shut the glove box .
tr	NN	She willed her talent to subside and was on the verge of screaming for all this madness to cease .
tr	NNS	' You did not force your attentions on me , Karl . '
tr	NN	When they reached their destination , Emily handed her bouquet of white roses to Miranda .
tr	NNS	" Ain 't the first time thieves rebranded cattle for profits . "
tr	NNS	I need some distractions from my suddenly more complicated life . "
tr	NNS	Both of them were holding guitars .
tr	NNS	If he were smart , we could predict his actions -- just plan out the best moves for him and expect him to make them .
tr	NNS	Xavier made a few clucking noises with his tongue .
tr	NN	I ineptly took a pen from my humeral pocket and got ready to write .
tr	NN	Arriving here with an honorable cause , Dante hadn 't given the maneuver against his peers the consideration he ought .
tr	NNS	It didn 't shop or prepare meals ; it only cleaned .
tr	NN	Kelly felt a warm glow flow through her .
tr	NN	She licked the grease off her deadly fingers .
tr	NN	He 'd parked the crop duster in front of Mr. Simon 's hangar .
tr	NN	I licked my fingertip and pressed it to the paint , lifting it off the staff .
tr	NNS	" You were expecting turrets ? "
tr	NNS	" You have bathing suits ? "
tr	NN	" They just wouldn 't stop bickering .
tr	NNS	Sean pulls away breathless .
tr	NN	" Did ye enjoy yer whore ? "
tr	NN	She held the crossbow at her hip , loosely aimed , and stared into his eyes .
tr	NN	She felt a pang in her chest .
tr	NN	" Besides resident genius status ? "
tr	NN	Barret confirmed this assumption with a grin .
tr	NN	He studied the landscape for several long minutes , dove to his left and quickly disappeared into the shadows of the long , black night .
tr	NN	Moody remembered the lightning bolt that had hit her mind as she thought about the strange circumstances of Riley 's death .
tr	NNS	Even after two weeks when I 've had him all to myself , the sound of his voice can still turn my insides to liquid .
tr	NNS	Gray set the items in the box on the potting bench , one by one , and marveled at this gift .
tr	NN	He flipped a quarter and let it fall to the ground .
tr	NNS	The people can draw their own conclusions as to who is guilty . "
tr	NN	He pulled a CD from the stack and held it up , smiling .
tr	NNS	I narrow my eyelashes , studying her .
tr	NN	Savanna licked my hard shaft before taking it into her mouth completely .
tr	NNS	I picked up the needles and a skein of yarn .
tr	NNS	And I 'm razing all their buildings on the roof of the Castel Sant ' Angelo .
tr	NNS	During the altar service , he recommitted his desires to those of God 's .
tr	NN	Then he lifted his dagger and cut deeply into his left forearm .
tr	NNS	" It gutted the top two floors and put us behind schedule . "
tr	NN	" What the devil are you talking about ? "
tr	NN	He had grown quite a significant beard and Pearl wondered whether she should shave it at some point during a quieter shift .
tr	NN	The Slow Mutants could smell their terror , he knew that , but he doubted if terror would be enough for them .
tr	NNS	I throw back the covers and climb quickly out of bed .
tr	NNS	" My family knows bits and pieces , but they don 't know everything that 's inside of me . "
tr	NN	Felix gave my shoulder a squeeze .
tr	NNS	Since word had gotten about that he was no longer employed by Beaumont Shipping , he had lost his three largest clients .
tr	NN	As the water , now in the form of coffee , was sucked back down into the pot , I regained consciousness .
tr	NN	I didn 't want my attraction to him to make me let my guard down .
tr	NNS	" Not if you 've fulfilled the terms of the loan .
tr	NNS	It doesn 't have any hormones . "
tr	NN	Maybe we 've seen proof of it . "
tr	NNS	" And we have witches who know not only the old secrets now in abstract , but who believe in the physical miracle itself .
tr	NNS	" Just take deep breaths , Love .
tr	NN	Callum still had his crude pistol , which still contained six bullets .
tr	NNS	Eventually the stomach will send signals to my brain , forcing me to seek sustenance .
tr	NNS	I smoothed out the soft folds on my green skirt as the driver turned on the engine and we pulled away .
tr	NNS	The Alexa she 'd become didn 't take chances , didn 't date , and she certainly didn 't give up sleep for a meal .
tr	NN	He was twisting a pencil in his fingers .
tr	NN	J.C. gave me a big thumbs-up and a grin .
tr	NN	Returning to her car , Eve hit the trunk release on her remote and rounded the back to get her duffel bag .
tr	NNS	She 'd maxed out her credit cards and had already gobbled up her allotment of small business loans .
tr	NN	I had a stepfather , who resented me because I wasn 't his .
tr	NNS	Mira imagined the many stares that would follow her if she left now in the celebrity of this brief disturbance , and she shivered a little .
tr	NN	Aspen tucked a wayward strand of her hair behind her ear .
tr	NN	I 'd only had an inkling about Dad 's death , just vague hints in one of those near waking dreams .
tr	NN	I had no other option if I was to help Dylan .
tr	NN	She swallowed back a moan as he took her earlobe into his mouth and suckled on it .
tr	NNS	The Philistines eyed the bats warily .
tr	NNS	I could only see the dark silhouettes of thick tree trunks .
tr	NN	Tim opens a drawer and pulls out a high school yearbook .
tr	NNS	" I 'll need about twenty dollars then , and I 'll be going . "
tr	NN	I didn 't need crap from her , too .
tr	NNS	Amy had pulled the covers back over her head and refused to let me look at her .
tr	NNS	A hunter would find my brother 's remains someday : it 's always hunters , or people walking their dogs , isn 't it ?
tr	NNS	Yolanda carried the plates into the kitchen and put them in the sink .
tr	NNS	She gripped the reins and threw her hair over her shoulder .
tr	NNS	What if I could singlehandedly save his armies and his life ?
tr	NN	And without Eric thinking he 'd won , the slimy snake .
tr	NNS	Or that right away they give you the creeps .
tr	NN	It has a distinctive black and yellow design and it fires a small projectile that is connected to the gun via two wires .
tr	NNS	Della pulled the covers up to her neck , then spotted the diary beside her and picked it up to read .
tr	NNS	Climbing upon the stone wall to reach the low branches , by stealth we filled the fronts of our shirts like baskets .
tr	NN	We went down the ramp , heading deeper into the cave .
tr	NNS	She wore a cute white sundress that made her tan glisten and she wore her long , blonde hair straight .
tr	NN	They were approaching another junction of hallways when a wheelchair came from the left in the gap between them .
tr	NN	" I can 't tell what flavor it is .
tr	NN	She even liked the strange little Spook and his crotchety uncle .
tr	NNS	The creature 's huge dark eyes searched the ruins of the tent .
tr	NNS	My eyes threw daggers at her sheepish expression .
tr	NN	He gives me another squeeze and then releases me so he can open the door into the lab .
tr	NN	Claire poured some orange juice into a Scooby-Doo cup and handed it over before sitting down herself .
tr	NN	I would leave my temple to find him , of course .
tr	NN	Brother Benedict and Steve had decorated the Atlantis pub in blue and white colors .
tr	NNS	His thoughtfulness was winning him points .
tr	NN	" Just send the email . "
tr	NNS	You forfeited any rights to him years ago .
tr	NNS	Some fishermen were making noises far away .
tr	NNS	They can 't withstand the runes . "
tr	NN	Millicent could follow the logical progression , though believing it was another matter .
tr	NNS	I can hear the logic circuits in his historian 's brain working fast .
tr	NNS	He drifted along the stacks to fantasy , found the D 's , and was shocked to find those stories weren 't there .
tr	NN	Who ignored the Legacy and allowed it to be passed to Mother ? "
tr	NNS	Deciding that she had a few questions of her own that needed to be answered , she tossed the covers aside and got out of bed .
tr	NN	She twisted the cap off and took a long drink .
tr	NNS	I double-check my chronometer settings .
tr	NN	Give us a demonstration ! "
tr	NN	The boys ' rental car let out a metallic groan as Matt 's bag landed with a thud in the trunk .
tr	NN	Not only did Tess not feel any pain , she felt suddenly a little lightheaded and free-floating besides .
tr	NN	She quickly donned the apron again .
tr	NNS	Following it , she could smell strange scents and hear the rumble of a crowd .
tr	NNS	He grabbed the hatch dogs , twisted .
tr	NN	Charlie gave her a short version of what he 'd told Kate .
tr	NN	" Bring me that mare as quickly as you can .
tr	NN	Hunter gave her another squeeze then set her on her feet .
tr	NN	You shall call me your savior .
tr	NNS	Bellamy beat Cameron across the floor again , the servants screaming for their favorite .
tr	NN	If I understood Mike and Jamie correctly , we 're having pot roast .
tr	NN	You earned the privilege .
tr	NN	Smiling , she says , " Just a training drill , folks . "
tr	NNS	It gives me the creeps . "
tr	NN	He could see the sorrow of it all stacking like bricks upon Mr. Jenkins ' already burdened back .
tr	NNS	One hand palmed his ribs on that side , probably broken , too .
tr	NNS	By the time the truck backed out of the driveway and rumbled down the street , Jen was already unpacking kitchen utensils and thinking about dinner .
tr	NNS	As in Hangar Six , the craft had several white coats working outside and inside each one .
tr	NN	His sister had put the cloth on the table anyway .
tr	NNS	I toss the bits of meat into the circle , but the mares don 't touch them .
tr	NN	I need some help today honey .
tr	NNS	Without Flattery 's special concoction , the people that touched her would suffer some grave neurological surprises , perhaps death .
tr	NNS	" Maybe you got the ingredients mixed up . "
tr	NNS	So she would tell no tales ? "
tr	NNS	But his master didn 't hear his attempts to establish respect for her .
tr	NNS	I had three sisters .
tr	NN	Not only did she climb the hill with ease , but she did so while pushing a bike .
tr	NNS	They cost ten dollars , and he grumbled on forever about the expense .
tr	NN	" What kind of monster could possibly hate chocolate ? "
tr	NNS	My master finds all sorts of reasons to send me to visit other cities . "
tr	NN	A cold chill ran down my spine at his words .
tr	NNS	They had had some discussions about demons in the Academy .
tr	NN	He huffed his disgust at the whole situation , and everyone involved in it .
tr	NN	I bit back a cringe .
tr	NNS	Their fencing swords had pierced each other 's hearts almost simultaneously , in a duel over a vampire girl .
tr	NN	Maybe I 'll contact the nurse and ask how long that stuff stays in your system . "
tr	NNS	If Lorenzo is to be believed , your blood has unique powers .
tr	NNS	It looked about a hundred and fifty yards away .
tr	NN	She slapped her thigh and pointed next to her right leg .
tr	NN	Jen had a small smirk .
tr	NNS	The objects in the room were moving , the dolls dancing , the balls juggling in the air .
tr	NNS	That makes 16 cards to place around the camera , plus the Question Card .
tr	NN	You must leave your valley and go into the outer world to learn there what you must to save your home .
tr	NNS	They should build these hospitals with bigger corridors . "
tr	NNS	" I inherited more powers than you can possibly imagine from Corrine 's ancestor , Cora .
tr	NNS	Even now I 'm making excuses .
tr	NNS	We 'll take the houses they empty . "
tr	NNS	He 'd saved the equations for work then .
tr	NNS	Who used oil lamps in this age of technological marvel ?
tr	NNS	We 've never seen a deer in such good condition , especially a mature buck . "
tr	NN	The word made David shudder .
tr	NNS	Danica watched the waiters bringing salads to the enormous round table set up in the middle of the room .
tr	NNS	Forcing his fork to pick up food and his mouth to open , he took two bites to her one .
tr	NNS	Gently tugging the bra upwards , Brandon freed Susan 's breasts from their silky constraints .
tr	NN	Her video card gave the location where she rented her movies .
tr	NNS	I should have given more serious heed to my instincts . "
tr	NNS	She showed him her own utensils .
tr	NNS	" Neg , it will remain in coma freeze for now , engage engines ! "
tr	NN	He slowly turned the knob and pulled it open .
tr	NNS	She found two clean bowls and added a combination of standard cat chow mixed with some of her homemade poultry and cheese treats .
tr	NN	This one needs a uniform and a cell . "
tr	NN	He let out a low growl and suddenly I was being jerked up .
tr	NN	The tiny queen really didn 't want anybody snooping around in there .
tr	NN	He felt a sponge on his face , and a brush on his lips and eyes .
tr	NN	They men shared a common goal ; to recover a destiny stolen by the spirit of deception .
tr	NNS	She threw the covers aside to get out of bed .
tr	NN	" The king will suffer for this outrage , Merry , my oath on that . "
tr	NNS	But she hurried down the halls and stairs , her palms turning slicker with each step .
tr	NNS	His words and tone made her actions sound ludicrous .
tr	NN	" I didn 't invite her there , " he grimaces , his fingertips molding along my shoulder blades .
tr	NN	By this time , Sonny had one quarter of the face sanctioned off and was filling it with yellow paint .
tr	NN	He felt the crunch of bone , saw the splatter of blood , and didn 't care .
tr	NN	He carried a black leather Louis Vuitton briefcase .
tr	NN	Anyway , there I was , no merchandise and no dough , with a boss who 'd put two other guys in the cemetery the week before .
tr	NN	I can feel the contraction as my eyes meet the man who is standing before me .
tr	NN	After an hour or so , they finally reached the small hill that overlooked the settlement and Richard gasped in anguish .
tr	NN	But the salary had brought a responsibility that the kid had maturely accepted .
tr	NNS	" Pull your tits out , baby .
tr	NN	I traveled down the chimney , just as smoke escaped out .
tr	NNS	They empty their first clips into the delegates , then stand and reload .
tr	NN	She fixes my veil and smiles .
tr	NN	So today I got a burger for him , but he didn 't eat it .
tr	NN	It had the desired effect .
tr	NN	" He 's up another five points , " he told the senator .
tr	NN	I rose off the bench .
tr	NNS	She set her half-filled wineglass back on the table .
tr	NN	It will increase your efficiency , so to speak . "
tr	NNS	This was impossible , she had the powers of invulnerability .
tr	NN	Before she could answer , he purposefully laid his napkin aside and rose , coming around the table to help her up .
tr	NNS	He fingered a few love marks on her pale skin .
tr	NNS	He grabbed his cigarettes and lighter and got up from his desk .
tr	NN	The empty chapel received that oath in hushed silence .
tr	NNS	At 9pm that night , as the duty matron passed Kevin 's room , she heard energetic noises coming from coming from within .
tr	NN	" Did you feed the fish ? "
tr	NN	I held the cloth over my nose to block out the smell .
tr	NN	" I remember that painting .
tr	NNS	As the sun began to set , I saw the shadowed ramshackle houses and a mill on the water .
tr	NN	" Werewolf requires office assistant . "
tr	NN	Did you pack your passport ? "
tr	NN	She 'd had her lawyer review it , and the agreement had been signed just yesterday .
tr	NNS	" The man would bring clients , business associates , investors -- he thought the club brought him good luck . "
tr	NN	It didn 't take a rocket scientist to see that the sisters ' first meeting wasn 't going well .
tr	NNS	Where did you learn such skills ? "
tr	NN	Yeah , I kind of had that effect on people .
tr	NNS	The Author holds exclusive rights to this work .
tr	NNS	A firebomb flew inches past me and hit him full force , slamming him down again .
tr	NN	Jewell had only McKenzie next to her , and that was just fine .
tr	NN	I couldn 't get another damn detail out of them . "
tr	NN	She pushed the station wagon into another turn that it wasn 't designed to make , and the suspension groaned and popped .
tr	NNS	Alternatively you could throw fireballs at him and burn him to bits .
tr	NN	Celaena stifled a yawn .
tr	NN	He kisses my earlobe , running his lips down my neck , and my trembling hands reach up between us .
tr	NNS	She slammed the breaks and shot out , leaving the door wide open .
tr	NNS	Immediately the smell of him teased her senses , stronger now , with an underlying unique masculine scent .
tr	NNS	She holds up the envelopes .
tr	NN	Just the eerie silence of the prison as she pulled the light , paper and twine wrapped package into her cell .
tr	NNS	They drew nearer , and Victoria looked up at a single ornate spire that rose atop a hill above them .
tr	NNS	His mother , he knew , needed no prayers .
tr	NNS	" Rabbit eyeballs and bugs ?
tr	NNS	" Just spread the word , tell folks to keep an eye on it .
tr	NNS	" Rick Killings is offering one billion dollars to the first person who develops a solution for the Great Cloud .
tr	NN	She didn 't check the caller ID .
tr	NNS	She fumbled out her cigarettes , looked up at the NO SMOKING light , and put them away again .
tr	NN	When the average person thinks of the Conglomerate , he sees an ineffectual organization that has no might or military force with which to enforce its will .
tr	NNS	The food overwhelmed my senses .
tr	NN	It was feeding off her depression . "
tr	NN	Apparently Sebastian had been right about its not hiding her gender .
tr	NN	Winston pressed the spear shaft against its throat in a futile attempt to hold it back .
tr	NNS	We have enough supplies to last that long . "
tr	NNS	The robot walks in here and hands the Director of Research the upgrade schematics !
tr	NN	Jacques continued the chant as long as he was able , signaling Eric when he was growing too weak to continue .
tr	NN	We took a vote a few hours ago , right after we finished burying all the people you murdered .
tr	NN	He no longer had the prostitute with him and he seemed a good deal less drunk than he had been previously .
tr	NNS	Tray threw his two cents in , " My turn next time .
tr	NN	We quietly occupied a hill during the middle of the night .
tr	NN	She could feel the light breeze brushing over her skin , cooling her where Marcus touched her and made her hot .
tr	NN	The realtor described the neighborhood as " up-and-coming , " and Nate loved the cozy feel and exposed brick .
tr	NN	Everyone , as it turned out , wanted a doughnut .
tr	NNS	Imported beer and chilled cigarettes .
tr	NN	Everyone could use a visitor from time to time ! "
tr	NN	" You took out all video and communications .
tr	NN	" No , she would never eat anybody .
tr	NN	Only then did he allow himself his own release .
tr	NN	" Take home my fudge .
tr	NNS	Can you imagine the balls they use to attend wearing dresses like that ? "
tr	NNS	" Unless you have great medical skills ? "
tr	NN	He uses psychology on me like Greg does all the time .
tr	NN	Because damn , your body kicks butt . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	A quick study gave away no gaps ; the bars were spaced so closely that no body could possibly squeeze between them .
tr	NN	Neither Sherry nor Virgil would have missed the body language , much less the touch , that stated his claim on her .
tr	NNS	' The other men turned these wheels on the box thing round and round . '
tr	NN	Sweat rolls down my spine , pools in the small of my back .
tr	NNS	I 've followed the Officials all the way through Shepherd 's Bush , and now it 's obvious that they 're marching towards Hammersmith .
tr	NN	" Take the juice to her and entertain her until I come up . "
tr	NNS	A wicked twinkle lit Bo 's baby blues .
tr	NN	He 's just moved up the timetable a little .
tr	NN	Sometimes I would rather string wire in the blazing sun than try to keep pace with her constant stream of questions .
tr	NNS	They would suspect insidious motives behind any offers of aid and support and advise him to lash out at every helping hand like a wounded animal .
tr	NNS	But as soon as my feet landed on the cold floor , I felt dizzy , and almost fell .
tr	NNS	He hadn 't survived the wolves to report back .
tr	NNS	They decorate their knives and rocks .
tr	NNS	A majority of our agents have backgrounds in accounting or law . "
tr	NNS	Instead he walked a few paces into the open field and squatted down .
tr	NNS	She may have her doubts about my feelings for her , but there is no way she can doubt the sexual tension between us .
tr	NN	But why would two teenagers start randomly digging in a cellar ?
tr	NN	She dragged a long fingernail down his bared skin , raising chills over his arms and chest .
tr	NN	That didn 't lessen her terror .
tr	NNS	They 'd had sons stolen from them too .
tr	NNS	She tilts the blinds and lets the light spill into the room .
tr	NN	I didn 't want the Collar either . "
tr	NNS	When Ida finally woke , she heard the pages of the hymnal being rustled and sat up .
tr	NNS	I find cans of food stacked up to the ceiling on wooden shelves .
tr	NN	You know the drill . "
tr	NN	I wanted my other boot because my sneaker foot was get ing really , really cold .
tr	NNS	As Hailey worked her way through them she could feel the corridors slanting upward .
tr	NNS	" This end clips to a harness that you wear , since that 's better than squashing you around the middle . "
tr	NNS	" I have no ties here , nothing to keep me from leaving .
tr	NN	She rubbed shampoo between her palms and began a slow , soothing massage of his scalp .
tr	NN	Today it brings disaster .
tr	NN	Doctor Carter , do you have a recording of your son 's voice ? "
tr	NNS	I couldn 't hear -- just murmurs beneath the squeal of tinnitus .
tr	NNS	" Did anyone call the paramedics ? "
tr	NNS	His blue eyes glittered dangerously .
tr	NNS	It had wood plank floors riveted down , and was perfect for our needs .
tr	NNS	But you must not open the blinds , or turn on the lights , or unlock your door .
tr	NNS	This morning , he had no illusions .
tr	NN	I tore open the package , then leaned toward him and placed the condom on his belly .
tr	NN	Then they started digging at him from all sides with their weapons , trying to bring him to his knees .
tr	NNS	And when the rest of the group was getting away , they hadn 't taken all the appropriate bits with them .
tr	NNS	This time it rained huge poisonous snakes from somewhere in the east towards me .
tr	NNS	" Why all the colonists , for example ? "
tr	NN	Turning , she ties the sash around her when she realizes Kai is staring .
tr	NNS	When will she realize her freedom lies in education ?
tr	NN	And I want the entire package .
tr	NNS	She had used lifeform sensors before ; the locker 's construction wouldn 't jam them .
tr	NN	Jake 's strong hand slid up my thigh and I almost jumped out of my skin .
tr	NNS	Kathleen scribbled pages of notes .
tr	NNS	" Changes create opportunities for problems , but I guess we 'll have to deal with it . "
tr	NNS	Said Grace as she picked up the coins to look at them .
tr	NNS	Most of these homes have landscaped front yards , patios , barbecues , and viewing decks . "
tr	NN	" He 's been through a lot tonight , " she informed the large hockey player .
tr	NN	She clasped the silver butterfly moving from her navel with her index finger , swaying it left and right , left and right , left and right .
tr	NN	Ella handed here sniper rifle to Amy and said , " I know what she 's talking about .
tr	NN	I 'm having trouble digging up a last name .
tr	NN	He resented her callous , selfish attitude .
tr	NNS	She threw the covers off of her legs and dashed into the bathroom to shower .
tr	NN	" But surely they 'll make an exception for those men .
tr	NNS	This beast had rough , pebbly skin and powerful , carnivorous jaws .
tr	NN	The priest organized the construction of the cane , to be built to exact specifications .
tr	NN	My father ignored the brief interruption , and instead motioned me over to him with a quick nod of his head .
tr	NN	He held up a ribbon of rubber .
tr	NNS	He left the servants behind and progressed through the open double doors .
tr	NN	Bowing , Reed showed his respect and appreciation for the courtesy Uriel paid him by allowing him to investigate on Australian turf .
tr	NN	Arrows of flames streaked down her belly and darted between her thighs .
tr	NN	Cooper had a smirk on his face that I wanted to slap off .
tr	NNS	Just as the original Constitution attempted , each state would choose the powers it would assign to the central government .
tr	NN	If we film a good-looking enough band people will watch the video all day , and buy records .
tr	NN	After a while , I had no patience for it and simply went into my bedroom , leaving her out there .
tr	NN	He 'd dropped the bat just as Cab swerved around the corner in his sheriff 's cruiser , stepped out and surveyed the scene .
tr	NNS	" We are entering dangerous waters .
tr	NNS	Playing dumb , I went boneless in my chair , slumping down , hoping they would all just shut up .
tr	NNS	We always have candles .
tr	NN	She had faith in her Mikey .
tr	NN	Have you seen the new exhibit at the National Gallery ?
tr	NN	He pulled the lid down , seconds before he could feel the sun come up .
tr	NNS	It contained no shelves , feed bins , or feed of any kind .
tr	NNS	We don 't offer disinterested females , red hair or otherwise . "
tr	NNS	Though , we do have notions ... " Dorian 's sentence trailed off and he looked at Echo intently .
tr	NN	He 'd barely finished that task before he was spreading sunblock on my arms , keeping me on his lap the entire time .
tr	NNS	Parents rarely abandoned their sons in those countries .
tr	NNS	It had vegetables and an occasional fruit plant .
tr	NNS	" Bad investments and loneliness . "
tr	NNS	He could change his reactions to his father 's behavior , but he couldn 't change heredity .
tr	NNS	Neither could ever trust the motivations of the other , and now , they didn 't need to .
tr	NNS	He loved football and potato bugs .
tr	NNS	And stay away from those damn cigarettes . "
tr	NN	In fact , I just read a proposal yesterday from a company that wants to turn space into a mausoleum by launching the deceased into orbit .
tr	NN	The revelry of others masked his personal discontent , as well as shielded the secrets passed between agents .
tr	NNS	" But you still left tracks leading to Glory , to take refuge in my love for her again . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , madam ? "
tr	NNS	Slowly , she crossed off certain items .
tr	NNS	But the familiar actions didn 't bring back the numbness .
tr	NNS	She immediately shoots daggers at Mel .
tr	NNS	I flashed my fangs at her when she didn 't continue .
tr	NN	Or that Pica found the rifle .
tr	NN	I looked out the peephole but he was not there .
tr	NN	The cowboy gave a non-committal shrug .
tr	NNS	" I have a couple clients this morning , but I 'm free around eleven .
tr	NNS	And she could still feel the roughness of his fingers , tingling over her skin .
tr	NN	Amira could imagine the intimidation one would feel when brought before the dais .
tr	NN	Paul pulled a pencil out of his shirt pocket , turned the purse over on the hood of the car , and levered out the wallet .
tr	NNS	Just one moment , please , gentlemen . "
tr	NN	" I am wearing a translator , programmed to your language . "
tr	NN	" But I do remember the hangover the morning after . "
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers about her .
tr	NNS	" The rest of you will get your assignments at the morning meeting . "
tr	NNS	And you 'll see the data .
tr	NN	The mother excitedly licks her cub , as the cub rubs its neck against her front leg .
tr	NNS	From behind the door came the most piteous howling and then a thunderous noise as if the large wine casks were being rolled across the cellar floor .
tr	NN	She had watched this technology as it had grown .
tr	NN	He raised a wing of the shadow into a fist and swung at her but he withheld the blow .
tr	NNS	* * * * * After the armistice Charlie passed some time smoking cigarettes in an English hospital .
tr	NNS	Luc scanned the dark silhouettes of the trees clawing at the night sky .
tr	NN	" Check the security recording . "
tr	NNS	Then , I saw the whites of his eyes .
tr	NNS	Abbey wiped her palms on the plane 's seat and took another deep breath .
tr	NNS	Sexton quickly counted the envelopes .
tr	NNS	" Don 't make excuses , Kat .
tr	NNS	" It definitely has its benefits . "
tr	NN	What are ye waiting fer ?
tr	NN	He examined his red wool vest and flicked off bits of dirt .
tr	NN	Everyone started the prayer .
tr	NNS	Something about her reaction to my taunts gets my juices flowing .
tr	NN	He could hear someone shout , " Shut yer yap ! "
tr	NNS	" You 've obviously kept tabs on me .
tr	NNS	Then she remembered bits and pieces , it all coming back like some jigsaw puzzle that had been tossed into the air .
tr	NN	Abby would check the drain and then come home and tell her dad what had been going on , and the suspicions she had .
tr	NN	He held a familiar tumbler in his hand .
tr	NNS	Memory can play tricks after the first ten thousand years , and he wasn 't quite sure what had happened .
tr	NNS	As they slid the noose around his neck , several men took positions on the end of the rope to prepare to hoist him .
tr	NNS	The government won 't let our cameras anywhere near those makeshift graves , but they have confirmed their existence .
tr	NNS	He puts his wineglass down on the side table , then buries his head in his hands and rubs his face once .
tr	NNS	" Get bikes . "
tr	NN	When he got out of the shower , he wrapped the towel around him and dropped on the bed .
tr	NN	Reedy kept digging the hole deeper .
tr	NN	" Your dad owns the car dealership . "
tr	NN	Again , she 'd ignored my inquiry .
tr	NNS	Selznick is offering thirty-five thousand dollars and each offer includes your writing the screenplay . "
tr	NNS	Some of the arrows hit their marks , others missed completely , and still more were dodged .
tr	NN	Jake gave Celeste small salute and made for the bow of the ship .
tr	NNS	" So we have larger audience pranks like we saw with the furniture and we have individualized delusions .
tr	NNS	" I already searched your pockets and found nothing in them .
tr	NNS	It took him several beats to figure out what she was talking about .
tr	NN	He jumped off the dresser and walked up to me .
tr	NN	Although I didn 't guzzle the alcohol as greedily as Lizzie , I did nip at it frequently throughout the day .
tr	NNS	She heard footfalls from the same direction she had heard the rustling , only nearer now .
tr	NN	She gave a disbelieving snort .
tr	NNS	I batted my eyelashes at her .
tr	NN	Tell me every detail that led you to Scotland . "
tr	NNS	" If this is your first cruise , then you won 't recognize sub-standard issues . "
tr	NNS	But he still enjoyed politics , and according to the newspapers , was a force to be reckoned with .
tr	NNS	I love the lyrics to this amazing song .
tr	NNS	She had finished her chores and was sitting in the corner , close to the kitchen .
tr	NN	He saw the plea in her eyes willing him not to take it there .
tr	NNS	' Same travel arrangements as before , what . '
tr	NNS	Could this guy have any more crazy mood swings ?
tr	NNS	Kat sat breathless while the car swerved around big red double-decker buses and in front of men in suits riding bicycles with briefcases tied to handlebars .
tr	NN	But her upheaval indicated true involvement .
tr	NN	Then he could ignore the scratching .
tr	NNS	A picture of the latest person reported missing rests beneath the headline and takes up about two-thirds of the entire area of the poster .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't see Minos yet .
tr	NN	He gives my backside a squeeze .
tr	NNS	I could make some pretty horrible errors and offend someone .
tr	NNS	She stops then smirks .
tr	NN	Alex stifled the sudden urge to laugh , and the equally powerful urge to weep .
tr	NNS	She dropped the napkins beside the tablet , looking up at the main screen to ensure that she hadn 't lost the view of the interface .
tr	NNS	Just like her apartment , she had pitifully few personal items to pack .
tr	NNS	" We 'll remove the license plates . "
tr	NNS	" Sharks have natural defenses in the helix of their DNA strand which fight carcinogens . "
tr	NNS	I unbuckled and worked off my chaps .
tr	NNS	But he has meetings . "
tr	NNS	She shook the cobwebs from her mind and tried to stand up again .
tr	NN	He 'd experienced lust before , but what they had between them was something altogether different .
tr	NN	She battled the urge to break free of his hold and fought to get a breath of air .
tr	NNS	' Why didn 't anyone shattering tell me they had giant robots ! '
tr	NNS	He calculated the chances of outrunning the headless robot on his scooter .
tr	NN	" And I shall wear your wedding gown !
tr	NNS	He spied the points of her ears twitching , and her gaze darted past him .
tr	NN	He placed the scanner on the counter facing the pile .
tr	NN	She pulled the pencil from her hair .
tr	NN	Melanie 's face grew hotter than it already was , and she hoped the sheriff couldn 't tell she was blushing .
tr	NN	I teach kick boxing down there a few nights a week . "
tr	NN	The court noisily praised my last ruling as the defendant backed away and blended with the crowd again .
tr	NN	As I told the good centurion .
tr	NNS	He could understand the farmer 's actions confronted by a wild man .
tr	NN	Now we 've had this interruption , a short break for our prisoner and I would be helpful .
tr	NNS	" But I have my doubts . "
tr	NNS	" Because they were not able to manage firms and a secular life as well as the others ? "
tr	NN	In his hand he held a plain black briefcase that no doubt contained the rest of Anton 's money .
tr	NN	That calamity caused a flood in the storage room where the feed was kept , turning eight bags of oats into mush .
tr	NN	Haul your butt out of here . "
tr	NNS	He slowed the engines .
tr	NNS	As her fear mounts , it overwhelms my senses , severing our connection !
tr	NNS	I considered several possible responses , smiling all the while .
tr	NNS	Operations , whoever they were , didn 't have their butts on the line .
tr	NNS	" You remember my teachings .
tr	NN	He got off his throne and walked down .
tr	NNS	Stu fanned the business cards he 'd collected .
tr	NNS	Fat , furious flakes coming down so thick and so fast , he could barely make out the buildings on the other side of Michigan Avenue .
tr	NNS	He dropped a few coins into the slot , and they clicked down through the metal machinery .
tr	NN	I made it my life 's goal to be worth something to myself as I was the only one interested enough to care .
tr	NNS	He leaned into me , his blond locks only inches from my jet-black ones .
tr	NN	Carefully I lift a fork to take a stab at what appears to be a vegetable while tapping Lexie with my leg beneath the table .
tr	NN	" We can import butter from Canada , or from America , or from California .
tr	NNS	Both of them , " he ordered the robots .
tr	NN	This brought a groan from the assembled throng and some sarcastic clapping was noted .
tr	NN	Subconsciously he 'd known that time was running out from the moment he 'd opened that email .
tr	NNS	" You saw those bombs , missiles , whatever they were .
tr	NNS	Splashes of blood smeared their mouths and dripped over their chins like runny clown 's makeup .
tr	NN	Knowing Rebecca 's technology focused brain , he worried that his car was now bugged , or otherwise being tracked by her .
tr	NNS	I 'd taken his fears and insecurities and sliced him open with them .
tr	NN	Jeff had sent her packing once guilt at the way he 'd betrayed a friend had set in .
tr	NNS	And I can tell you those seniors really cared about Social Security .
tr	NNS	We 're hearing frantic exchanges from their booth .
tr	NN	Hatch packed the soil around the base of a new sprout and refrained from reaching for the antacids again .
tr	NN	Someone must have noticed his disappearance by now .
tr	NNS	" To this war that 's giving you nightmares .
tr	NN	But for the first time in her adult life she felt the urge to follow her creative bent .
tr	NN	The queen strode down the staircase from her private balcony .
tr	NN	We put the hip in hippie , the roll in rock 'n roll . "
tr	NNS	" Oh yes , I 've heard the tales from my grandfather .
tr	NN	" You can rebuild a structure .
tr	NNS	The Colonel took a few visible deep breaths and then sat down in his chair placing both hands on the table in front of him .
tr	NNS	The congregation gathered around the candles and thanked Jesus Christ for all the gifts they had received or prayed when somebody was ill or injured .
tr	NNS	" Psych , one thing a woman should never tell a man to do is rack his balls . "
tr	NNS	I 've only seen the pages from the audition scene .
tr	NNS	Eric moved on to the bar then ordered two shots of crown from Ruben .
tr	NNS	I felt dizzy on the ride home , so I kept my eyes shut , but everything kept spinning .
tr	NNS	They would give someone tax breaks to open a riverside cafe .
tr	NN	He checked the closet again .
tr	NN	At the end of the area , where all roads seem to lead , sits the castle .
tr	NN	He 'd given them the update on Dante and told them that Damiano had rushed to the hospital to be by his son 's side .
tr	NNS	Eventually , admitting defeat , I peeled the covers off and got into the shower .
tr	NN	You used compulsion on her .
tr	NN	He touched his temple .
tr	NN	said the president , watching closely .
tr	NN	He pushed aside a curtain of reeds and gasped .
tr	NNS	I rub my temples , " So you mean to tell me that he 's been watching me this whole time ?
tr	NNS	Also , he has more powers than any Enforcer .
tr	NN	" We are just following protocol . "
tr	NNS	We lose the ten yards .
tr	NN	Even suspecting that the troll was in the caves the sight of him still made her heart squeeze with fear .
tr	NNS	Finally , during one chilly morning meeting , Captain Bryant confirmed our worst fears and began describing our next operation .
tr	NNS	The rising water must have loosened its connections to the wall of the tower .
tr	NNS	Grease stains covered the goblin 's overalls .
tr	NN	Give me your fax and I 'll call you when I send it . "
tr	NNS	Michelle reached two small shelves of books standing perpendicular to the catwalk .
tr	NNS	You 've taken drugs .
tr	NNS	Says it 's because he couldn 't stand to see his ex-wife burn expensive steaks .
tr	NNS	A family was out riding bicycles and found us , called emergency services and sat with us until they arrived .
tr	NNS	Though the door stood ajar she pulled back the covers trusting they 'd be dressed and back out through it in no time .
tr	NNS	She had errands to run before David 's arrival .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't follow the numbers .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to jump off and hug him until he turned blue .
tr	NNS	But as we went farther into the cave , we could hear more shattering noises against the rocks and pillars .
tr	NNS	Patricia the perfect helped her big brother make bombs in the sixties . "
tr	NNS	Gavin pats his pockets .
tr	NNS	Maybe she jotted down the numbers I called from , and passed that along , or turned over her phone records .
tr	NN	If she continued on as she was , she would have a nervous breakdown .
tr	NNS	The Empire had survived the early centuries when whole sections of the Galaxy would now and then refuse to accept the end of their local independence .
tr	NN	I heard the front door slam and I jumped a mile .
tr	NN	He shut the curtain and even with the water going I could hear him say ' smartass woman . '
tr	NN	" I 've brought ye some honey mead , and we 're preparing a bath fer ye .
tr	NN	I grabbed a pen and notepad from his desk and wrote down the warehouse 's address , then put both back on his desk .
tr	NNS	All but a faint bump of the statues ' noses had survived centuries of erosion .
tr	NN	" You have no patience , my dear . "
tr	NNS	Suck our thumbs and pray the damned thing away ?
tr	NNS	" I assume no sisters , either ? "
tr	NNS	" You flew to Emma 's wedding , " he said encouragingly .
tr	NN	I chanced a peek over at the other kids in the class .
tr	NN	It made her temples ache , yet it was difficult to look away .
tr	NNS	She wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	Panting , he looked out over at the waiting armies , his talons curling into his claw , tight fists shaking with unused anger .
tr	NNS	These are called ' robots . '
tr	NN	I never had an ice cream before , and the sight of it made my stomach clenched in hunger .
tr	NN	I brought the dagger down and pierced her kneecap .
tr	NN	The execution of any citizen was not regarded a celebratory aspect of life here .
tr	NN	The next , Bex was grabbing the package and running between the tables , bolting through the foyer and up the stairs .
tr	NN	He pushed open the curtain and stepped inside .
tr	NN	I grabbed another towel and added my mop up efforts to his .
tr	NNS	Reedy told the kidnappers where the three smallest ones were going to be .
tr	NNS	Do you have any birds ?
tr	NNS	You would pay twenty dollars to enter a guess at how many buttons filled the jar .
tr	NNS	" You 're killing yourselves .
tr	NN	This had in turn given structure to Collective Gov , whose governors arranged themselves as seemed fit among the populated sectors of space .
tr	NNS	Already they 've confiscated illegal food items and several handguns .
tr	NN	I could feel the reluctance , as she stood there holding her duffle bag and cooler for a moment .
tr	NN	" Like a knight in shining armour ? "
tr	NNS	They worshipped ancient gods and , as rumor had it , carried out animal sacrifices before statues of those gods .
tr	NNS	The hospital nursed back her senses and allayed the delirium of her state .
tr	NN	He grabbed the hem of her shirt .
tr	NN	He also used the dictionary quite frequently .
tr	NNS	' Even if it costs me my life , ' she replied fervently .
tr	NNS	In the mid and late 1800 's rich businessmen built large houses along its shores facing Wheeling , West Virginia .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens for Marie , our housekeeper and my nanny .
tr	NN	The front porch accommodated a row of green rockers .
tr	NNS	" You explained your motives , and I chose to believe you . "
tr	NN	I will have the protection and status of your name , with none of the inconveniences of a husband .
tr	NNS	Ma put the steaming hot biscuits down on the table and my brothers who never seemed to learn a thing , started to grab for them greedily .
tr	NN	asked the president , sarcastically .
tr	NNS	The paint was already getting tatty , mostly due to the use of sharp instruments to scratch further obscenities into it .
tr	NNS	Sarah faced the giants again .
tr	NNS	" So back to the question of value , give me some numbers . "
tr	NNS	Ty had been read his rights , handcuffed to the table , and then left alone once he 'd refused to say more .
tr	NNS	" Don 't eat all those chocolates before I leave here , understand ? "
tr	NN	Sidra laughed self-consciously and shook Tom 's hand , wondering about Mindy 's introduction .
tr	NNS	Most lustful meth addicts didn 't have high-quality digital cameras .
tr	NN	" You need a special treat . "
tr	NN	He was holding a memo with Rosewood 's insignia on the top .
tr	NNS	" They don 't want Bugs passing freely among us because it would become impossible to know ' whom to trust . '
tr	NN	I said a silent prayer that the car arrived so quickly and whispered to the driver when he stopped .
tr	NN	Xavier didn 't over look Marc 's talent because he was dangerous and he could very well lose his life or a limb .
tr	NNS	A nagging guilt overrode her senses .
tr	NNS	Each had their own targets .
tr	NNS	I loved dogs , but I didn 't see why the spectators were so excited .
tr	NN	I felt the man shudder underneath my hands , and there was more pain , more blood , and another nail fell into his half-open hand .
tr	NNS	He pushed open the tent flaps , gesturing out .
tr	NNS	Over the years , Meredith College acquired other faculties ; first a law school , then a medical school .
tr	NN	Also , I do have a scientist scheduled to go out to your mountain in the morning to get some samples .
tr	NNS	Auron saw wooden houses with round rooftops .
tr	NNS	As she pushed open the door to his office , she slid the goggles down over her eyes .
tr	NN	Yes , he knew Falcon .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen golden deer and shining young unicorns nibbling fallen apples beneath the trees many times .
tr	NNS	When he wasn 't grocery shopping or cooking dinner or washing dishes , he was writing briefs and researching cases .
tr	NN	In that case , I 'll give you the family discount . "
tr	NNS	He picked up his reins , twisted to sit right in his saddle , and cantered through the trees back toward the filming perimeter .
tr	NN	Sam poked his slice around the plate , watching Stacey from under his lashes .
tr	NNS	I have no doubts about my quality . "
tr	NNS	Luckily , she didn 't have any pets to worry about , so she was back down to the car within twenty minutes .
tr	NN	Don 't believe any o ' they who tell ye otherwise . '
tr	NNS	Subsequently , they were also having more babies , which caused the population to expand at an alarming rate .
tr	NN	But that poster of a happy family was missing one key element : a child .
tr	NNS	Grace wrote the numbers down for both and went to get her cell phone out of her purse .
tr	NNS	And therefore Tamara vastly underestimated her adversary 's allies .
tr	NN	I slid off the ribbon and put it aside , and tore off the paper .
tr	NN	" Of course , " I told her stiffly , when what I wanted to portray was my utter repentance .
tr	NNS	Turning back to the crowd , Mantis continued , " Anyone with a working cell phone call the families of those that ... have left us . "
tr	NNS	I recognized Moon 's companions from a large portrait in his conference room during our first visit .
tr	NN	We 'd reached the archway that led to the girls ' dormitory wing , and he stopped right at the boundary .
tr	NN	" Probably a quarter of the way there , or close enough . "
tr	NN	The old men gathered their possession and exited the train .
tr	NN	At Lupita 's small parking lot , I immediately spot the Mustang .
tr	NN	Lastly , he placed the package with the notebook and GPS in the front pocket of the pack .
tr	NN	My mom asks the nurse .
tr	NNS	I reminded the actors when they had half an hour left , then fifteen minutes .
tr	NN	It wasn 't until the manager had repeated his command that she left her dream world completely .
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths , hoping it would calm my nerves .
tr	NNS	Nick didn 't second-guess his motives .
tr	NN	I felt Owen 's strong hands wrap around me , one on my shoulder and one on my waist , pulling me in closer .
tr	NN	Her lungs burned , she fought the urge to breathe in .
tr	NN	I spread the new rug on the bathroom floor .
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	He ran his palms over his head , smoothing back his hair so that tiny drops dripped from the ends and hit his shoulders .
tr	NN	Something about being in Alexander 's arms had an amazing effect on her .
tr	NN	Getting engaged kinda threw a wrench into all that .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens it hadn 't been blocking the launch ramps , or Craig would have had a mess on his hands .
tr	NN	He threw a pillow against the wall .
tr	NN	After the race , he gave the medal to his father and said that he had done all this for him .
tr	NN	And I quote poetry when I fight .
tr	NN	The door had an enormous knocker on it , and she reached out to grab it .
tr	NNS	" But you haven 't yet heard my terms . "
tr	NN	I unwrapped the large black ribbon and bow on the thick white box and opened it up .
tr	NN	With trembling hands she lifted the lid and gasped .
tr	NNS	The outside guards wore exquisite uniforms with bright colors and fancy hats , an honored position .
tr	NN	As it flew by I took a leap of faith and fell off the commander 's horse and onto my own .
tr	NN	" What the hel s is that ? "
tr	NN	I don 't want another disturbance . "
tr	NN	To keep humanity looking one way while their doom comes from another direction entirely . "
tr	NNS	" Pathfinder has two communication systems .
tr	NNS	" I 'd rather take my chances with them ! "
tr	NNS	" I don 't have anything purple .
tr	NN	You supported United Birds Colony 's evil agenda of New Birds World Order .
tr	NNS	Gage shrugs off our stares and admiration , taking a sip of water .
tr	NN	He opened a browser and typed in a quick search , " atomic bomb blast radius . "
tr	NNS	We still lose ships on that lake as you know .
tr	NNS	I made a few enquiries straight after I 'd seen her mother .
tr	NN	A second later the man on the other side of the phone had the jar in his hand .
tr	NN	He tucked a stray strand of her blue-black hair behind her ear .
tr	NN	He had a driving urge to rip Flynn to pieces with his bare hands .
tr	NNS	We wanted folks who were neat , and the fact that this truck was much nicer than Pappy 's was a good sign .
tr	NN	I take the backpack off and push it into her hands .
tr	NN	I grip the railing as my own voice echoes in my head .
tr	NN	" I 'd buy a farm in southern France .
tr	NN	I barely noticed the discomfort of the wheels hitting the cobbled road as we swept over a bridge and through a wide opening in the stone fence .
tr	NNS	" And you could have at least returned my texts after I took care of your absence on Monday . "
tr	NNS	I want my wits about me .
tr	NNS	It took Pigeon more than thirty paces to reach that intersection .
tr	NNS	Above all , I abhor politics .
tr	NNS	I will make investments as I deem appropriate for the next six months , after which I will turn the balance over to you .
tr	NNS	When they 'd finished the meal Sylvie gathered up the dishes and placed them in the sink .
tr	NNS	Then if she still wants to go ahead with trying out the gloves , why should I deny her the chances I had ?
tr	NN	Leaping up , I caught the dagger as the first fury reached Aiden , its razor-sharp nails aimed right for his throat .
tr	NN	A few minutes later , they had agreed a location which Kat assured Will she would take him to .
tr	NNS	" They usually hang around wolves . "
tr	NNS	They all had the same complaints about their brothers .
tr	NNS	The wind , like something curious and blind , moved over the ceramic tiles of the outdoor hallway , feeling everything , touching everything .
tr	NNS	Once their eyes adjusted to the dark , they found empty dishes with the remnants of porridge still sitting on the table .
tr	NNS	Why would the Fates give her their powers ?
tr	NN	He halted his pacing , sank to the sofa , and buried his head in his hands .
tr	NN	To capture a single vial of the precious , life-saving liquid ?
tr	NN	" Doesn 't mean jack .
tr	NN	Giovanni Marino would have had the ultimate revenge . "
tr	NNS	Kevin and Tate were accessing security cameras from England .
tr	NN	Death had picked up ... humanity .
tr	NN	I beg your pardon .
tr	NNS	" You need to talk to Christopher , " she said encouragingly .
tr	NN	Had he built up the union of bodies , spirits and lives to the point it 'd be a big let down for them both ?
tr	NNS	" I guess that 's one way ... to get rid of ... old lovers . "
tr	NN	She had the impression of a great man , one used to wealth and authority , probably terribly humiliated by his present circumstances .
tr	NN	Jerry drew his pistol and yelled out : " put him down ?
tr	NNS	" Ah yes , Nick does have issues with shopping , though it pains him to admit it considering he adores fashion .
tr	NNS	The lingering fragrance of her perfume teased his nostrils , the scent of her blood aroused all his senses .
tr	NNS	The thought gave her the creeps .
tr	NNS	The fall bruised my ribs and knocked the breath out of me .
tr	NNS	" I have $ 20 bucks she screams . "
tr	NNS	Anyway , you only get ghosts from things like people .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you have any evil powers of darkness or something ? "
tr	NN	" Mr. Walker did so love ginger ale .
tr	NN	I got a soda and a basket of fries and he ordered soup .
tr	NNS	All had tiny , helpless babies .
tr	NNS	But he didn 't have any illusions .
tr	NN	She grabbed the towel rod with one hand and placed the other on the countertop .
tr	NN	The tank top she wore emphasized her physique .
tr	NN	' I 'd be grateful if you didn 't tell anyone , please , ' added the Sphinx , coldly . '
tr	NNS	I called out numbers as I completed each move .
tr	NNS	I can 't raise ten million dollars .
tr	NN	" You never had a farm , idiot .
tr	NN	He vanished the vial .
tr	NN	Jessica gives her version of a snort , which sounds like a kitten sneezing .
tr	NNS	The other four took up positions , two in front , facing him , and two in back .
tr	NN	Had she subconsciously dimmed her own personality to accommodate his ?
tr	NNS	Then he pointed at a part of the back wall about fifty yards off to the left .
tr	NN	She saw her pond and forest , the orchard and gardens .
tr	NNS	" I own two souvenir shops . "
tr	NN	As they went , Paul would pull out some yellow plastic tape and tie off a long stretch on each five mile marker .
tr	NN	The images we shared did not do him justice .
tr	NN	Gretchen studied the paltry collection .
tr	NNS	For one thing , they were playing the league leaders and likely to be soundly defeated .
tr	NNS	She 'd found some empty candy wrappers in her purse .
tr	NNS	We can break the security cameras in Dauntless headquarters so the Erudite can 't see us .
tr	NN	" Your impulsiveness negates your intelligence .
tr	NNS	' They have been impressed , sons of my beloved sister .
tr	NNS	" Empty your pockets ! "
tr	NN	Not even the older guards had earned the distinction of killing five enemy warriors in battle much less on the same day .
tr	NN	I 'm sensing jealousy right now .
tr	NNS	The top had a few layers peeled away and a gash in the tip .
tr	NN	Why should he endure the misery of more jungle than he had to ?
tr	NNS	Over long turns , we 've found artifacts and scattered ruins , but nothing like this , not on this scale .
tr	NNS	He sat about ten work stations away .
tr	NNS	He had already regrouped the remaining construction crews to focus on building a series of barricades around the Rift .
tr	NN	Have you forgotten the most important lesson I 've taught you ?
tr	NN	He pulled aside a curtain and revealed a hidden door that opened onto a dimly-lit flight of steps spiralling down to the lower level of the house .
tr	NNS	He pulled his daggers out again , and sprinted towards the noise with Abby close behind .
tr	NNS	I scanned the racks from just the right coat .
tr	NN	He ventures out onto the rink and dips the toe of the skate down so the blade cuts the ice .
tr	NNS	You have my apologies .
tr	NN	She moaned , bowing up off the bed as he kneaded her breasts , then took one peachy nipple into his mouth .
tr	NN	I wish you joy of her . "
tr	NNS	Watch your actions ; they become habits .
tr	NN	You have been missing the historic landscape of northern Greece .
tr	NN	" Get to a wall , somewhere you can make a Portal !
tr	NNS	But bulldogs make great therapy dogs because they bond so strongly with people .
tr	NN	Nick dropped his backpack , tore through the crowd , and kneeled down to the boy .
tr	NNS	" Somehow she 's taking people 's fears and nightmares and turning them into hallucinations . "
tr	NN	You keep liquor in this house they be knockin ' at the door all hours .
tr	NNS	Every response quickened the fires inside .
tr	NN	Andrea had never learned the language of Faerie , or the Celtic or Gaelic that Shifters from Ireland and Scotland knew .
tr	NN	His classical features held an indefinable quality that seemed oddly out of place in this modern world .
tr	NNS	You mean the classes you took when you were like six ? "
tr	NN	He ran his knuckles up and down my arm .
tr	NN	She saw an implication in them .
tr	NN	He gently stopped her progression towards the door .
tr	NNS	After all , he has six math classes at your school , and does not know which one you are in . "
tr	NN	I heard a horn and I ran crying to the source .
tr	NN	Rachel heard the front door slam and the sound of her sisters Steve Madden heels walking down the walkway .
tr	NNS	All sorted , tidied up the last few bits while you had your nap .
tr	NN	He captured the fish from the stream to eat .
tr	NN	Hugging her arms around herself , she imagined a future argument with her mother .
tr	NN	He prepares another needle and slides it into Bran 's arm , injecting the liquid .
tr	NN	Then he placed the cloth on the back of her neck .
tr	NNS	But damn it , we could have proper hot dogs again .
tr	NN	Over the years I 've developed an affinity for that necklace , so if it 's anywhere on the ship I 'll find it . "
tr	NNS	Jack accepted the envelopes and nodded .
tr	NN	He lay down his slice and wiped his fingers with his napkin .
tr	NNS	We 'd had a few beers ... we were off-duty . "
tr	NN	" Here , I didn 't need this , " she said and dropped the wad of cash he 'd given her two days ago .
tr	NN	His words had a finality that made my insides writhe .
tr	NNS	Not that he 'd made any dyed-in-the-wool assumptions about her before the letter 's arrival .
tr	NN	I swallowed , a shaft of fear shooting through me .
tr	NNS	Emily raised her palms to the sky in surrender .
tr	NNS	I dug my fingernails into my palms , though , as my cheeks started to burn .
tr	NNS	" Just watch yourselves .
tr	NNS	We both have hunger issues , but Van also has a hot temper that has nothing to do with her hunger .
tr	NN	" You will meet great resistance . "
tr	NNS	When I got old enough , I would often spend weekends and school vacations here by myself . "
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to cup her face in my hands .
tr	NN	I like your furniture , remember ?
tr	NNS	Get pain medications for you ? "
tr	NNS	He hoisted both packs onto his shoulders .
tr	NNS	Susie and Myr had their laundering buckets out , just waiting for fresh water to wash with .
tr	NNS	Probably sending her hourly reports on his comings and goings .
tr	NN	Her voice had a growl that even she couldn 't fake .
tr	NN	Finally he threw a pen at me .
tr	NNS	The scent that clung to him enveloped her senses .
tr	NN	Festus had proven his loyalty to his charges , and he had covered for Evan more than once .
tr	NN	She carried the coffeepot with her .
tr	NN	With a curse , Cain put down the receiver .
tr	NN	He tapped the knuckles of one hand over his heart and felt his stomach twist into even tighter knots than before .
tr	NN	Cy let his pencil fall , and he breathed out a frustrated puff .
tr	NN	This room had no resemblance whatsoever to a dungeon but more like a family room .
tr	NN	I tapped my fingernail against the counter impatiently .
tr	NN	He had a dimple ; I 'd never noticed that either .
tr	NNS	The accountant laid a dozen copper coins on the table .
tr	NNS	" Getting permanently marked and becoming an outcast kills all those opportunities for me .
tr	NNS	You balanced out the clouds nicely for me . "
tr	NN	No , that word didn 't do her justice .
tr	NN	Leif stopped pacing and placed his hands on the railing at the foot of the bed .
tr	NN	Blew the whole tentacle off . "
tr	NN	As the view of the room shifted , I finally caught a glimpse of our rescuer .
tr	NNS	Number the soil samples starting at one , to give us an idea of how deep in the tunnel they were taken . "
tr	NNS	I finished passionately and leaned my head against his shoulder .
tr	NNS	The low priest threw down his cards .
tr	NN	I have the inappropriate urge to laugh ; it looks as though I 've been shot .
tr	NNS	A decade ago a huge earthquake had killed millions as a huge wedge of the city collapsed on itself .
tr	NN	They need immediate treatment .
tr	NN	" He cast out a lure and I grabbed on with both hands .
tr	NNS	We go over both my visions , leaving out the forced nature of the second one while Cora fixes the door knob .
tr	NNS	Sometimes girls had troubles that boys weren 't meant to know nothing ' bout , and she helped me out once or twice .
tr	NNS	If they simply join our troops in storming the hills they will lessen our losses of valuable combatants . "
tr	NN	He had a rifle over one shoulder and a bag over the other .
tr	NNS	" We 've been honing our skills . "
tr	NN	He patted his thigh as he turned back to face Zane .
tr	NN	Jessica pushed down the toaster lever slowly , her mind racing .
tr	NNS	" Because you 're a Superior and a Superior has a few rights which aren 't allowed to be violated . "
tr	NNS	Throughout the world , I seek opportunities to connect , through manifestations of Spirit , such as nature , art , music , literature , and laughter .
tr	NNS	Each summer , Clay had inflated old tire tubes and they 'd floated down to the pond .
tr	NNS	Every nerve ending in her body shouted cravings for the sweetness .
tr	NN	I spent the entirety of my time hiding fuming at myself .
tr	NNS	Right now he 's calling the shots in there .
tr	NN	He ground the herb between his teeth , extracting as much juice as possible before spitting the pulp outside the bivouac .
tr	NNS	" She gave me 30 candles which I would be carving names in .
tr	NN	Probably also do some preliminary digging to see how much more there is . "
tr	NN	She gave one powerful stroke of her wings , folded them against her body and dove with appalling speed directly toward us .
tr	NNS	She made quotation marks with her fingers around the words honest woman .
tr	NNS	Sarah lit candles and kept the cook stove door open so the heat would fill the little dining room .
tr	NN	During the day , she could verify folk from fiend .
tr	NN	" What the devil do you mean by that ? "
tr	NN	" Double black diamond for me ! "
tr	NN	Driving down the highway with cars coming at you 60 miles an hour , just a foot or two away .
tr	NN	Old betrayals still soured his belly , despite his best effort to put them behind him .
tr	NNS	A man was arranging torches in a half circle around the front of the stage .
tr	NN	She wordlessly returned the gesture .
tr	NNS	Before they had left the Institute , she had traced the insides of her arms with persuasion runes .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to pull her hair .
tr	NNS	He turned the reins of his horse around and rode towards the mountains of death .
tr	NNS	Like the Sandman , only he brings nightmares .
tr	NN	Yet the years had given us over to something deeply profound , this childhood affinity blossoming into the greatest love .
tr	NN	Katherine recognized Austen 's frame immediately .
tr	NN	I picked up my pen and considered poking him with it .
tr	NN	His broad face kept the scowl but he held his tongue .
tr	NNS	Our minds , controlled before by God alone , now generated motives of their own -- as might have been predicted .
tr	NNS	" We 've got warrior braids in .
tr	NN	She 'd already felt his arousal more than once , but she hadn 't actually seen him .
tr	NNS	The morning meal being finished they turned their attentions to the matters at hand .
tr	NNS	Could she be auditioning potential lovers when she 'd left his bed only hours ago ?
tr	NNS	A moment later , they were kissing passionately , and when he lay beside her afterward , he told her how much he loved her .
tr	NNS	You have more issues than ever to deal with ! "
tr	NNS	We shall have the finest gowns in all of London with this . "
tr	NNS	Even Paul 's father , Vern , had spent two trips in the 1970s in New Zealand , hiking and bicycling .
tr	NN	Which it was , in a way , but it wasn 't teaching spin and yoga and all that stuff .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is this ? "
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of my mother and saw tears in her eyes .
tr	NNS	It made the heaviness on my shoulders ease .
tr	NN	You 've seen the video , no doubt . "
tr	NNS	She counted three long breaths .
tr	NN	She gave his shoulder a pat .
tr	NNS	" You are awakening powers and bringing new players into your past .
tr	NN	Despite my frilly dresses and bright colors , even I saw my resemblance to boys my age .
tr	NNS	I should probably fine-tune my coping skills and not resort to shots . '
tr	NNS	He was making feeble attempts at standing .
tr	NN	In speechless terror , Sophia heard the announcer shout : " Get that bull off him ! "
tr	NN	More than anything , Chris remembered his dad seeming taller and sweaty that night .
tr	NN	She pulled her iPod out of her pocket and started scrolling through .
tr	NN	Thinking about it made my whole body ache .
tr	NN	Yes , he 'd definitely needed a shave .
tr	NNS	Blast it , what other surprises do they have ?
tr	NNS	During this period I will not have any teams nearby .
tr	NN	Go on , you know the drill . "
tr	NN	I had no proof that he was related to any of the crazy events that had happened , but I had my suspicions .
tr	NNS	She and Leah placed their trays on our table .
tr	NNS	Lisa took the roses from me and placed them in a type of bouquet .
tr	NN	Furthermore , you owe a debt to me equivalent to the value of a life , since I 'm letting you keep yours . "
tr	NN	" You didn 't have much faith in me , did you ? "
tr	NN	If they showed their support together it would make a more powerful selling tool .
tr	NN	" In fact , I 'm expecting another visitor momentarily .
tr	NN	But when it does happen , I have a strong , urge , that I need to exert energy , move , run , anything . "
tr	NN	He raised the towel to my chin and wiped lightly .
tr	NN	He sipped his ale .
tr	NN	He is drawing the landscape which will come , not the landscape visible to our eyes .
tr	NN	She grabbed a rough branch above her while Declan lifted her feet up so she could sit on it .
tr	NN	Vin sensed a hesitant reluctance to his words , and he didn 't look at her .
tr	NN	I finished my soda and stayed where I was .
tr	NN	" If you put it like that I guess it 'll repay my debt to you and all those supporters who send you money .
tr	NN	" How could he take the throne now ? "
tr	NN	It would be like accepting defeat .
tr	NNS	I traced the runes with my hand , but could make nothing out of them .
tr	NN	His body was sluggish , limbs weighted down , leaden where he sprawled facedown on the cold hard surface that had apparently been his bed .
tr	NNS	We 've brought some vegetables . "
tr	NN	" He accepts counsel , but only when he asks for it .
tr	NN	We must then evaluate the effect of denying a free vote of conscience , and how that may influence our own members in voting against us .
tr	NNS	" See the black arm bands ? "
tr	NNS	Bishop John Morton set his actions against his own belief in God and the Church ; he made use of magic , necessarily against his own religion .
tr	NNS	Our lady will destroy these silly notions of Summer and Winter courts . "
tr	NNS	I do have other clients , ones that I 've neglected .
tr	NNS	We have enough burdens to bear in our lives without taking on those that belong to others .
tr	NNS	As promised , the Confederation supplied six additional students from around the Ohio Confederation .
tr	NNS	Jeff felt the soft mattress beneath his back and waited for the mind-numbing pain .
tr	NN	Sharp enough to slice a straight razor in two .
tr	NNS	He had saved me several thousand dollars , after all .
tr	NNS	Every citizen shall have basic humanitarian rights , befriend thy neighbour and know their place in this world .
tr	NN	I can see his agitation in the movement of his hands .
tr	NNS	I saw the scrolls once , but I didn 't really study them ; I don 't think anybody has . "
tr	NN	Her grandmother whispered a prayer , but Karen couldn 't understand all the words .
tr	NNS	" Well thank heavens for that .
tr	NNS	You know their bikes run on demon energies .
tr	NNS	I get fresh ingredients delivered daily , use them up , rinse and repeat . "
tr	NN	Closing her eyes , Myra savored the rich aroma .
tr	NNS	" So help me , if they 've harmed him , I 'll cut your balls off . "
tr	NN	Hardin checked the clock .
tr	NNS	They have huge apartments in Yaletown and mansions in Shaughnessy , posh places like that . "
tr	NN	He gave the handcuffs a twist .
tr	NNS	Over her hands , and around her head , she had several butterflies flitting around .
tr	NN	She had rehearsed her speech so many times , but would it work ?
tr	NN	She took the code out of her tote and started to key it into the high-tech lock .
tr	NNS	He threw the remains of his cigarette onto the pavement and stepped on it before approaching her .
tr	NN	If she could just get there and lose herself in the crowds ... Her feet pounded the pavement as she pushed herself forward .
tr	NNS	As I contemplate ways to get rid of a body -- something I have unfortunately pondered much too deeply -- Ivy 's hand twitches .
tr	NN	The finality in her tone curtailed any further argument Matthew had hoped to make .
tr	NN	My mother dismissed the incident with one part laughter and two parts annoyance , referencing how hopelessly proud men were -- especially when it came to her .
tr	NN	Leaning down , he opened the trap in the floor and peeked his head through it .
tr	NN	He watched the crow , sure it would snatch the lizard up at any moment .
tr	NNS	Above the soft flow of his breath she could hear the stirring noises of an awakening city .
tr	NNS	Now he had built shelves and the shelves had spaces for storing boxes of objects from across the world and folders of information about these things .
tr	NNS	The blade whipped past Tiberius and sank into Andrew Blackthorn 's chest .
tr	NNS	He 'd had doubts about being a father , but she had no complaints .
tr	NNS	" Not like yours , " he told Leah but carried on , " she has the sensory capabilities of wolf as human . "
tr	NNS	She could see three large chunks of the comet flying side by side through space .
tr	NNS	" No doubt he 'll confess his motives at the trial . "
tr	NN	I adjust his crown of ivy .
tr	NNS	He has several stacks of reference material surrounding him .
tr	NN	I placed my bouquet of wild flowers on the table .
tr	NNS	I ignored the bigger chunks of flesh , and only gagged two times .
tr	NNS	And as his countess , she now had her obligations , as well .
tr	NNS	Did he say five thousand dollars ?
tr	NN	As he reached out to me , I raised the fire extinguisher and blasted it into his face .
tr	NNS	The blast of fury shook his insides .
tr	NN	" I 'd trust Alain 's judgement with Allan 's life as I trust it with his own daughter 's .
tr	NN	Graham began his summary of what he had found .
tr	NN	She felt an urge to apologize to Ned , but didn 't .
tr	NN	Every time she opened a new package her eyes lit up and her lips spread in a smile .
tr	NN	The nurse pushed aside the partition and stepped up to the next bed .
tr	NN	I open the fridge .
tr	NN	I would guess the height to be about one hundred feet .
tr	NNS	She no longer wore her braids , and her long hair fell loose around her shoulders .
tr	NN	" Really , my darling , you do have a flair for the dramatic . "
tr	NN	This time she will not escape my trap .
tr	NNS	The trumpet call rolled down the volcano 's slopes as far as the barren shore and outward over the ocean beyond .
tr	NN	He remembered his first pizza .
tr	NN	Harvey made this argument almost daily .
tr	NNS	Several more large ships arrived and deposited supplies at the village , after which they turned around to return to the Viking Sea and home .
tr	NNS	Dark Fist drew nearer .
tr	NN	The doctor moved the instrument around her stomach .
tr	NNS	I would write two lies and a truth on the board about myself .
tr	NN	He waved the tumbler at me and once again I had to endure the creepy feeling of his skin against mine .
tr	NN	I can 't take credit for that , Miss Holmes .
tr	NNS	She picked up chores , not asking anyone , but simply mending or cleaning anything she thought needed it .
tr	NNS	We 're both consenting adults in a high-octane situation .
tr	NNS	Why would I , of all people , be given such powers ?
tr	NN	So he faced a potential of eight opponents with no defensible ground .
tr	NNS	It took him several breaths to work out that his legs were suspended in front of him , encased in plaster .
tr	NNS	Fog blanketed the plains , and she wondered just how long she 'd been unconscious .
tr	NN	" From the Assembly ? "
tr	NNS	Just a minimal flare of light and shouldn 't have turned my insides cold or stopped me dead in my tracks .
tr	NN	Still , she needed that analytical perfection now to untangle the mess she 'd somehow landed in the middle of .
tr	NNS	They carried some large crates inside and helped assemble the new machines .
tr	NNS	Ivy shoots imaginary daggers at me with her eyes .
tr	NN	The General 's sudden appearance caused poor Bark to leap into the air and make a single , loud yelp .
tr	NNS	The Prince had never had any real companions in the Fortress , never had anyone who simply talked to him because they felt like talking to him .
tr	NN	She might set a snare .
tr	NNS	It had four thousand members , a gymnasium and bowling alley .
tr	NN	At the penultimate moment , gunfire from the Transporter caused the Humvee to swerve slightly .
tr	NNS	Chris lingered a few paces from the brink of the yawning crater .
tr	NN	The mechanism that holds your eyes open may cause some discomfort , but the burning smell is the worst part .
tr	NNS	She ignores their desires , even their will , and replaces them with her own . "
tr	NNS	" I got three gym classes because of my good looks , my dear , and of course we have a pool , Nicholas .
tr	NNS	They wanted legal secretaries with years of experience .
tr	NNS	That eased Alexander 's fears somewhat .
tr	NN	Jake and the security guard watched cars whiz in and out of the car park , viewing the security footage at high speed .
tr	NN	" Give me the football and help your old man . "
tr	NN	" Can we go somewhere , " she said , her joy at having him with her overwhelming any shyness .
tr	NNS	He has issues , and sometimes it 's really hard , but I know , that at the end of the day , he loves me .
tr	NN	She ignored the jealousy that almost choked her at the idea of him dancing with anyone but her .
tr	NN	" Blame your fiance . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't think junk data looked like this .
tr	NN	I want proof that I 've killed an enemy so that I can take the manhood ceremony . "
tr	NN	My mother looked unreal , a stranger to our eyes .
tr	NN	He found her nipple with his thumb and forefinger and tugged at it sharply in a rough , gentle demand .
tr	NN	I was living proof it was .
tr	NN	We have a much nicer pro , Adam .
tr	NN	She had a weird urge to reach out and wipe it away with a fingertip .
tr	NN	We gon get plenty product outta that one .
tr	NNS	She 'd probably have aches later , if not bruises .
tr	NN	Evan peeled the banana and took a huge bite .
tr	NN	I can always wear a different style than what I ' d normally wear .
tr	NNS	He tossed back three swallows , sighed , and put the bottle down .
tr	NN	She would have used the word horrifying instead of " nasty " but she wasn 't going to argue with him .
tr	NN	" I made an appointment , " she said , " with Borden .
tr	NN	We 'll be having a celebration of sorts in the rec .
tr	NNS	Thomas had dismissed the servants before I came home .
tr	NN	She gave a shudder and Drew quickly reached for her hand .
tr	NN	Jane looked up , sudden humor in her usually dead eyes .
tr	NN	He kissed her temple , stroked her hair , rocking her gently .
tr	NNS	Sean tracked down several leads that brought him to the conclusion the demons were working on something unusual .
tr	NNS	" Don 't give me apologies or excuses or anything like that .
tr	NN	" Being the girl-next-door type sure does suck sometimes . "
tr	NNS	He shoved the pages away .
tr	NN	As she was no longer cast in shadow by the fire , he could see the extent of her rash .
tr	NNS	She had her own issues to deal with .
tr	NNS	" The government won 't allow houses to be built any closer than a mile to the prison .
tr	NN	" How can someone just conjure up an item ?
tr	NNS	Rage fueled his movements as he jerked off his leather apron .
tr	NN	He bowed stiffly out of the room , leaving Alexandra feeling thoroughly obnoxious and completely bewildered .
tr	NNS	The pictures on the news of roofs peeking up from floodwater and bodies under sheets had plagued her nightmares when she was ten .
tr	NN	Any god who has a mind to can take a mortal and be within their right .
tr	NN	Rachel rotated the disk-shaped specimen in her hand , running a finger over the rim where part of the fusion crust was visible .
tr	NNS	The makeshift living room had two chairs and a table .
tr	NN	Can you draw out the venom like you pulled the insanity out of Rowan that time she was possessed ? "
tr	NN	Dee wiggled the rod until she could move the lever .
tr	NNS	Let me take care of the business I should have centuries ago .
tr	NN	I don ´ t even recognize their languages .
tr	NNS	" You have balls , Iona .
tr	NN	I mean , she threw a clock at your head !
tr	NNS	She was loading dishes from a box into the dishwasher .
tr	NNS	Surely , history offers many such examples .
tr	NN	Then , if he did get caught , it might not blow the whole operation .
tr	NN	Her heart gave an evil little leap for joy .
tr	NN	' You 're using that phrase quite a lot this morning , Pol . '
tr	NN	You do not know my potential .
tr	NNS	" But I don 't do steaks . "
tr	NNS	" I hate delays . "
tr	NN	She appreciated their pity but did not want it .
tr	NNS	We loaded the packs into our canoes and pushed into the lake .
tr	NNS	I covered the slippers with a blanket and then smashed my diary on top of them .
tr	NN	" I like the red soft soil . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't excite yourselves .
tr	NN	In all our years , Salvation hasn 't seen such misfortune since the pride plagues .
tr	NNS	Touch my dogs and I 'll do to you what I do to the male dogs I decide not to breed ! "
tr	NNS	She didn 't want her efforts to be a total waste .
tr	NNS	It give me the creeps . '
tr	NN	I felt the blood drain out of my face and I went numb .
tr	NN	The noise of thunder , rolling metal , screaming stone , reached a crescendo .
tr	NNS	I 'd just said bed bugs .
tr	NN	I clutched my yellow vest , my heart racing .
tr	NN	During the summer , easily hunted game provided a plentiful supply of meat for his table .
tr	NNS	I whack the bugs from my face and my fur coat .
tr	NNS	I specifically want Paige McCauley 's sisters on the flight , but if her parents can make it , get them on board , too . "
tr	NN	We had a brief disagreement with the attendant at the gentlemen 's lavatory .
tr	NNS	A few feet later I begin hearing noises : people talking , water dripping , paper crumbling .
tr	NNS	Melissa didn 't like crowds ; any sizable number of regular people drove her crazy .
tr	NN	He 'd learned a valuable lesson that night , and it wasn 't fair that Kinsey had to pay the price .
tr	NN	The officer pulled out a pistol from his ammo belt , aimed it at the kid , and pulled the trigger .
tr	NNS	She wanted supplies for scrubs , facial masks , and wraps .
tr	NN	I had the impression her reference took in more than the way I 'd handled Jonathan 's proposal .
tr	NNS	They don 't need excuses . "
tr	NN	Not only Texas , but much of the world enjoyed his candy .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't stop the millions of questions going through his mind .
tr	NN	But before I could lay my talons upon him , the man introduced his shovel upon me and turned my day into night .
tr	NN	Jace kept up his careless slouch , leaning on Deni , his arm around her .
tr	NNS	Never , but never , show your designs to anyone unless you 're prepared for the endless interrogations that inevitably follow .
tr	NNS	How soon can you get this data back to me ? '
tr	NN	He read the clipping aloud . "
tr	NNS	Sera still had her doubts about that .
tr	NN	" Get the hell outta here . "
tr	NNS	In a flash she saw her mother 's bliss to see Elise back from the dead .
tr	NN	" What do you think vigilante ? "
tr	NNS	I 've seen more brains than some of those skull doctors .
tr	NN	I recounted my interaction with Ryder at the restaurant , leaving out the part about Sloane .
tr	NNS	Together , they placed the babes next to their mother on the bed .
tr	NNS	She fought her instincts and forced herself to turn around and look .
tr	NN	Smiling , she recognized a younger Sheldon in a United States Army uniform with his young smiling bride .
tr	NN	" You 'll want oxygen . "
tr	NNS	But he resisted her attempts to take their lovemaking that final step .
tr	NNS	" You have your own special talents . "
tr	NNS	Messick could see all the similarities to Gallo and AIDS .
tr	NNS	Lizzie pulled off her goggles , but they kept the light in her face , so she couldn 't make out anything but silhouettes .
tr	NN	No man could fake that depth of feeling .
tr	NN	Shaking his head , Harrison signaled the waiter for another drink .
tr	NNS	I buried my fangs in him and drank deeply .
tr	NN	Peter brushed a strand of hair off her cheek .
tr	NN	' Well , I 'll send you a postcard if I find an Irish bar when I get there . ' '
tr	NN	" What the hel is that ? "
tr	NNS	Sulley took the dishes from me and set them in the sink , then took me by the hand .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't send me insulting texts and he doesn 't show up on weekends as a different person .
tr	NN	Knox returned his handshake firmly .
tr	NN	He used his comb as a pointer , admonishing Camille .
tr	NN	She felt a pang of regret , already wondering , scheming , how she could arrange to see him again .
tr	NN	I remembered Kennedy 's uncharacteristic cursing outburst .
tr	NNS	To sink those bloody fangs into her skin .
tr	NN	As a new symbol of the Empire , we redesigned the American flag .
tr	NN	Someday , I 'll get outta here and I 'll run and never look back . "
tr	NN	I sheathed the katana and grabbed the guns from the floor .
tr	NN	" Let 's you hide the sadness you fee -- " " Forgive the interruption -- " Tony Bennett was replaced by the auto-pilot .
tr	NN	They had taken a blood oath , to protect the Holy Mother and they would keep it at all cost .
tr	NN	I 'd sent him an email when I woke earlier , telling him everything was fine .
tr	NNS	He picked up the roses and the small Tiffany 's box beside it , wondering if the expensive gift would redeem him .
tr	NN	The realisation strengthened his resolve and determination .
tr	NNS	Lia dragged one long , manicured nail over her bottom lip .
tr	NNS	They 're liquidating their investments to raise cash . "
tr	NNS	Their little dialogue raised my fears to a new level .
tr	NNS	She hated the overcrowded conditions .
tr	NNS	" I need your talents now . "
tr	NN	Not long after that , they 'd begun a friendly correspondence .
tr	NN	And I wouldn 't ruin the celebration .
tr	NN	What other crap do you have waiting for me ?
tr	NNS	" You don 't like false tits .
tr	NNS	They all had connections all over the world .
tr	NN	Mark had a glazed looked in his eyes at the sight of Cheyenne .
tr	NNS	Are we like clouds , pushed by new winds , bringing changes we don 't understand ?
tr	NNS	I checked out the facilities earlier today , and there aren 't a lot of locked doors to deal with .
tr	NN	The ship had raised its anchor and prepared to flee , but the sails had not yet filled with the wind .
tr	NN	" I won 't abide your being unfaithful . "
tr	NNS	I researched the schematics of the particular devices used on Ms. Taylor 's ships .
tr	NN	Many never find their self-control again as you did .
tr	NNS	You will know your ancestors ; you will know their sacrifice ; and you will know the power you hold within . "
tr	NN	Elaina caught the obvious implication : it wasn 't the pace , but there was something bothering her .
tr	NN	The Sentinel led the Keeper up the winding steps of Section 3 .
tr	NNS	She carried all my seeds without ever complaining , and she was always kind to me .
tr	NNS	Yet he calmly redoubled his efforts to restrain her .
tr	NN	" I had an email from my editor .
tr	NN	He shifted his weight uncomfortably as he answered .
tr	NN	Garrett held the receiver in his hand for a long time .
tr	NNS	She stands away and just stares .
tr	NN	He doesn 't have custody right now .
tr	NNS	Her body displayed bite marks and scratches to the face and stomach .
tr	NNS	He was just testing the waters , after all .
tr	NN	The taller of the white gibbons stood roughly the same height as Jason .
tr	NN	Instead , you find another toy at a little shop in Dupont Circle .
tr	NN	JCC was handed a document by an assistant .
tr	NNS	The look in Stick 's eye during our midnight talk still gives me the creeps .
tr	NN	I try the doorknob , but it 's locked , so I knock again and call out , but this time she doesn 't respond .
tr	NNS	It requires many talents and skills which most people do not possess .
tr	NNS	Then they drew their knives and fought alongside the warriors .
tr	NN	I can see the effect of it but more mist rolls in to take the place of every volume my lungs manage to move .
tr	NNS	How long to finish your first assignments ?
tr	NN	Claiming the unoccupied oddity as their own the people of Medlock instructed their staff to load up the luxury crafts , and .
tr	NNS	She fished two more coins from her pocket and tossed them in to see which would vaporize quickest .
tr	NN	I absolutely hate lust .
tr	NN	Papa 's taking one fifth of everything we steal right off the top . '
tr	NN	asked the Spirit in some agitation .
tr	NN	" You drive a hard bargain , Prince . "
tr	NNS	The submariners can protect the supply routes .
tr	NN	I get a quarter of all the money the robbery brings in .
tr	NN	He could feel the hunger pouring off the vampires .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of motion through a window in the cabin , and heard a chirping sound .
tr	NN	I threw a crown on the table and hobbled after her .
tr	NNS	The loud noise sends birds into flight , but the tiger remains still .
tr	NN	He signaled his personal squad .
tr	NN	He never had pizza delivered .
tr	NNS	Richly dressed people are pouring into the doors and all of a sudden , I feel dizzy .
tr	NNS	He had bigger priorities .
tr	NN	In the distance , a pair of headlights crested the hill .
tr	NNS	She 'd just taken three swallows of cold milk .
tr	NN	In answer , he shoulders an increasingly limp Jael , and we retrace our steps back to the platform .
tr	NN	Colin blamed the glare for making his eyes water .
tr	NN	The flurry of wings masked much of the twenty foot body , but what could be seen screamed terror .
tr	NN	She kicked her rubber boot at a mound of wayward dirt .
tr	NNS	I have a few changes of Charlotte 's clothes and some of her PJs .
tr	NNS	She had felt the undulation of tiny limbs in her center , had felt the hiccups of her daughter at night as she lay down to sleep .
tr	NN	I follow his instruction , locking out the house of people , the party , Connor .
tr	NNS	They all had black ribbons , some thicker than others .
tr	NNS	I should have had doubts , but in that moment , there was no room for such things .
tr	NNS	Some guys get all the breaks . "
tr	NN	Has a god ever given such a gift without receiving something extremely valuable in return ? "
tr	NN	He just had that effect on me .
tr	NNS	" When you say ' resistant to simulations , ' what do you mean ? "
tr	NNS	We 've patrolled these waters for two days without finding anything .
tr	NNS	We had about thirty members in Philadelphia , but that includes the ones who were taken back to The Program .
tr	NN	They could have already cast a hex on me , and without a mirror , I 'd never see it .
tr	NNS	The other wizards were keeping knives out of his way at present .
tr	NN	Herb gave him the new coordinates at once and then asked , " Are you heading out right away ? "
tr	NN	That makes her funeral my responsibility . "
tr	NN	She let out a low , satisfied groan .
tr	NNS	We have special rituals for it at Compassion .
tr	NNS	Farther away than any human eye should be able to see , a speck marred the perfect blue-green waters .
tr	NNS	The inside of his left arm rubs against my cheek and sends a spark through my skin , heating up my stomach .
tr	NNS	I feel butterflies , but I 'm not sure if they 're his or mine .
tr	NN	She picked up a pencil , ' One wishes to make you all knights of the square table .
tr	NNS	With construction paper and some contact sheets , we 'd created butterflies , hummingbirds , fish , books , baseballs , and other signs of warm weather .
tr	NN	Madison dropped the charade and cocked an eyebrow at her husband , while Tamara hooted with laughter .
tr	NN	They parked their pick-up in a dark location of the bar parking lot .
tr	NNS	Unroll and inflate the cushy air mattresses , set out the stove , fill up water bottles .
tr	NN	Most people carried their own hardware ; almost nobody used public terminals anymore which meant they were few in number and even fewer functioning .
tr	NN	She grabbed the railing as she almost tripped down the steps , hit Duval Street , and began walking .
tr	NN	Victorian-era mourning jewelry . "
tr	NN	" We 'll request an advance from your PMC . "
tr	NN	" He stood a little taller then me , about 6 ' 3 " or so and had a natural tanned skin color .
tr	NNS	" Ten dollars . "
tr	NNS	He may have found out something about his car and was simply delayed in getting back to us " suggested Tess .
tr	NNS	" Look , can this wait until we 're not all freezing our balls off ? "
tr	NN	Laci held her briefcase in front of her as she and Jim rode up the elevators .
tr	NNS	" I 'll give you a million bucks if you 'll take me swimming . "
tr	NNS	" We never use our powers in anger and never on humans , even when they are being cruel . "
tr	NN	I only need just the one kidney . "
tr	NN	" It wouldn 't be considered poetry . "
tr	NN	The intruders quickly found the trapdoor located in the closet and entered the secret compartment below .
tr	NN	I set the basket on the ground beside her and took a seat on the folded towel that was on the other side of her .
tr	NN	I give her fingers a gentle squeeze .
tr	NNS	He revealed the cards , a frown creasing his brow ; pair of kings .
tr	NNS	Our King doesn 't have the capabilities to lead this country .
tr	NNS	I put a few dollars in the candle box and told her to light a candle for her and her mother .
tr	NNS	I pressed my hardness against her , and when she howled with pleasure , I pulled it away .
tr	NNS	Caroline watched the pedestrians passing by .
tr	NNS	And these families would need facilities , shops and schools .
tr	NNS	The Archetypes opened the trailers , and out stumbled the Grunts , disoriented and bruised from the journey .
tr	NNS	" Those are Mama 's bills , " she said importantly .
tr	NNS	Dexter stopped about ten paces from the front porch .
tr	NNS	She made it ten awkward yards before stumbling forward , nearly pulling me down with her .
tr	NN	Karen breathed a silent prayer of thanks .
tr	NNS	Checks for eighteen dollars ? ' "
tr	NNS	She saw wolves boiling from the forest , red eyes gleaming fiercely , a huge black wolf leading the pack and bearing straight down on Hans Romanov .
tr	NN	She switched off the ignition , then sat there , staring at the mountain .
tr	NN	The man behind the counter wore a striped apron like a butcher .
tr	NN	Mara set down a platter overflowing with biscuits , warm slices of fresh bread , bacon , and sausage links .
tr	NNS	Cort staggered backwards , off balance .
tr	NNS	They still use spears and bows and arrows .
tr	NNS	They 'd only gone a few yards when a real Waitrose employee spotted them , froze and then hurried over .
tr	NNS	There was clicking and squeaking noises , and something dropped to the floor with a thud .
tr	NN	I throw on my coat and grab my black Chanel bag - another item that Holly insisted I invest in .
tr	NN	But for these new notebooks , I had nobody to play with .
tr	NNS	" And you two owe me five bucks each . "
tr	NN	He wore a military cap , tilted slightly to the right , on his head .
tr	NNS	I know the terms of our agreement .
tr	NNS	In the bedroom , she groaned and fell across the mattress .
tr	NNS	They gathers up their rags .
tr	NNS	" I have some errands to run , anyway .
tr	NNS	Had all these bones broken the surface , or had the injuries burst blood vessels ?
tr	NN	If we make large enough arrays , we can deliver electricity like any other utility .
tr	NN	" We 'll give him an impossible task . "
tr	NNS	" You 're suffocating poor Sakura . "
tr	NN	I trailed behind him a dozen feet , keeping my head down and my hands in my pockets .
tr	NNS	I had my suspicions already .
tr	NN	Shaking her head , she suddenly remembered the clinic .
tr	NN	" We have a previous engagement .
tr	NNS	Men led bands of horses and ponies through trading markets , while others drank and fought , ducking in and out of tents .
tr	NN	A ripple of tension ran down Jon 's spine at the name .
tr	NNS	He ate four sandwiches .
tr	NNS	We grabbed our coats and headed out to find something to eat .
tr	NNS	The things I felt , my fears , my pain , and what I wanted most in my life .
tr	NN	Please check your recipient !
tr	NNS	You can 't keep Cyrus .
tr	NN	Other than the plains , nature had favored the castle .
tr	NN	I gripped the railing as I walked up the stairs to the front door .
tr	NNS	" They do make noises , Longbow . "
tr	NN	" I will take my vengeance as I please . "
tr	NNS	When he was out in the open , Ted carefully surveyed his surroundings .
tr	NNS	Tammie stares at his hand and looks out the window .
tr	NNS	" Us men have very dark hearts .
tr	NNS	He throws back the covers and climbs out of bed .
tr	NNS	And I have conditions . "
tr	NNS	The man had dusty relics from his days in Egypt , and they were now piled high to the ceilings .
tr	NNS	" We made gingerbread houses with him every Christmas , remember ? "
tr	NN	Before I did , I noticed a lump on the ground by the side of my car .
tr	NNS	He had broad smears of black dirt all over him , including his face .
tr	NNS	His gaze immediately flew to hers and in those green eyes , he saw equal doses of surprise and pleasure .
tr	NN	Joe had swapped his rifle for a pistol , his left arm still in a lot of pain .
tr	NNS	Making babies with Shannon ... he couldn 't wait .
tr	NNS	He sent the two crowns rolling , and then he pulled out four .
tr	NNS	Haggard tilted his head , considered his Lord 's actions .
tr	NNS	" For centuries , this has corrected students .
tr	NNS	She found herself inches from Flynn Huntington , one of his arms around her .
tr	NN	Eventually , Evan stood and threw out our plates and empty soda cans .
tr	NN	But then he grabbed her butt and all thoughts of Wayne went away .
tr	NNS	The mob possessed deep ties within the government .
tr	NN	He picked up the document from the desk and left the study , gently closing the door behind him .
tr	NNS	The marines entered the mercenary vessels and apprehended the people without much incident .
tr	NN	" Sometimes , that boy has the strangest imagination . "
tr	NN	I don 't understand his willingness to work with me , but I find myself willing to give him a chance .
tr	NNS	She practiced her movements during the day but she needed to stretch her legs .
tr	NN	As my heart pounded in my ears , I felt that dizzy , falling feeling again as the visions returned .
tr	NNS	At the same time , his sheer incompetence had foiled her attempts to maintain their proper roles .
tr	NN	She got a glimpse of his taut backside disappearing through the doorway leading into the cafe and then he was gone .
tr	NN	He checked the clock and quickly emptied his locker into a bag .
tr	NNS	She patted her thighs , calling him with enthusiasm .
tr	NN	I squeezed the soft rainbow beak , posing its adorable face for Vincent .
tr	NN	If the witch was versed in fire , Henrietta could build an ice cage around her .
tr	NNS	I 've discovered three versions of it , all with the same words , set to different tunes .
tr	NNS	' When the Cheyenne or the Arapaho arrive , I want the rustlers between us and them . '
tr	NNS	In the other room , Soren and Roar finished binding the doctors to chairs with rope .
tr	NNS	He pulled stunts like this all the time right after I left him . "
tr	NNS	Such a scandal as this wil substantial y hinder our chances of matrimony , even without her actual attendance .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't have romantic designs on me .
tr	NN	You want a bath ? "
tr	NN	" Yes , and my parents made a bargain , too , and look how that 's turned out .
tr	NN	Nell lifted the curtain of her kitchen window and looked out at them as they walked by .
tr	NN	I grip the pew .
tr	NN	He gave me a pat on the back .
tr	NN	I give a quick glimpse into their garage and note that Ethan 's truck is inside , but Lila 's car is missing .
tr	NNS	" Can you recommend any good restaurants around here ? "
tr	NN	If so , I 'll get the blender and milk ready , and we 'll serve cherry pie milkshakes instead . "
tr	NN	As soon as he hears her speak , the man lowers the rifle .
tr	NN	I could almost see his mind spinning .
tr	NNS	Jon had no other directions to follow so he turned the machine to the vector KT pointed too .
tr	NNS	" Leaping tall buildings in a single bound .
tr	NN	The two older brothers played football for Winterbourne and had persuaded Alex to play for them and soon his skills were noted .
tr	NNS	or they just have such total disregard for the law that it drives me up a wall .
tr	NNS	- I used my powers to afflict you with terrible grief ! "
tr	NNS	Andrew followed the twins into the kitchen .
tr	NN	They rode that acid tide and adapted .
tr	NNS	She was giving off purely human signals .
tr	NN	Thor felt his ribcage being crushed .
tr	NN	The Pastor stopped digging .
tr	NNS	I wore black thong sandals .
tr	NN	" Ms. Secretary bought a whole litter of dogs last week , three days before the homeless guy was iced .
tr	NNS	He only shared the pages where you had confessed your love .
tr	NN	Delilah pulled the fake nail off her right index finger .
tr	NN	" But one day I 'll need a favor and you 'll drop everything for me . "
tr	NNS	Most certainly we will need your skills and you must do all you can to recover fully . "
tr	NN	I gave you my virginity , Nick .
tr	NN	I still have that vest and those leather pants somewhere ... unless the maids carried them off and burned them .
tr	NNS	The cook watched the knives .
tr	NN	We climbed up the staircase and found a crack in the rock where the water leaked through .
tr	NNS	When she was five or six , all the kids who lived in the same apartment complex had roller skates .
tr	NN	The light touch tickled and caused a fluttering sensation deep in her belly .
tr	NNS	I flew fifteen yards in the air before reuniting with the earth , catching stone discs as I slid to a stop .
tr	NNS	Stacy had outlined the major points she wanted to get across for her presentation to the Confirmation class .
tr	NN	She has a walk-in closet the size of my bedroom .
tr	NN	She silently screamed denial , but couldn 't refute the truth .
tr	NN	He closed the lid and locked the box .
tr	NNS	I 've never had my powers drained . "
tr	NN	I need a wrench . "
tr	NNS	She 'd just blamed her responses to the man on a convenient narcotic reaction , and now she could let it go at that .
tr	NNS	" And we don 't give second chances .
tr	NN	Do you have even a passing acquaintance with the truth ?
tr	NN	Now , from the front , you see that indentation in the center ?
tr	NN	In a few short days , he would get back their verdict .
tr	NNS	" Won 't the current political unrest there threaten our resin supplies ? "
tr	NN	She has the dagger .
tr	NNS	With the same ease he retrieved two long daggers from his bag before dropping it to the ground .
tr	NN	You see his financial status , before and after the crisis . "
tr	NN	" How about we have a little wager ?
tr	NNS	I spun the wheels .
tr	NN	At the look on my face , he changed his tune .
tr	NN	The sourness of the yellow sand made his mouth pucker .
tr	NNS	I 've never liked his ethics . "
tr	NN	Linda always wore an apron , but that could be because she always wore outfits better suited to a ladies luncheon than a coffee shop to work .
tr	NNS	Some wore overalls , while others wore roughed up trousers and heavy boots with -- more often than not -- greasy tops to boot .
tr	NNS	Stave chuckled and his laughter brought more stares from the town 's residents .
tr	NNS	Justus took three deep breaths and steadied himself .
tr	NN	For a brief moment , satisfaction at her fabulous exit made her smirk .
tr	NN	He 's given me joy for the past forty years , compromising to be what I needed .
tr	NN	Her dad built that stone tower out in the woods . "
tr	NN	I 've got a bloke coming down from London looking to convert the old Gas Board building into a McDonald 's .
tr	NNS	I am taking my skates , though .
tr	NNS	Jack makes train noises while tugging an imaginary chain above his head .
tr	NNS	Poll lines stretched several blocks away from the polling stations .
tr	NNS	She had no illusions ; Max had known exactly what he intended to do even then .
tr	NN	Darby tossed a towel to me and said , " I see you bought a magic swimsuit . "
tr	NN	I felt a curl of panic in my stomach as I patted frantically , trying to trace the outline of the exit .
tr	NN	" Did someone deliver this pizza ? "
tr	NNS	She has bites and rips everywhere .
tr	NNS	I felt the coolness of the pendant , even through the material of my T-shirt .
tr	NNS	You get your chores done good ; I can wait for a coffee .
tr	NN	" And you have an arrogant , screwed-up former demon hunter who is stupidly in love with you . "
tr	NNS	She and Diana locked stares .
tr	NN	Then I give my left hand a wrap , ensuring my hold on Blaze 's reins is secure .
tr	NNS	Check the Royal Census figures .
tr	NN	I can 't manage a response besides , " Thanks . "
tr	NNS	" I have more than nineteen dollars in tokens .
tr	NN	Seeing Joni stirred a hunger in him .
tr	NN	She picked up the receiver and pressed line five .
tr	NNS	" We 've had reports that several more of the outer villages will be losing power .
tr	NN	He was probably giving her a swimming lesson .
tr	NN	" You forgot hunger . "
tr	NN	Aria passed a hanging scale and touched it lightly with her fingertips .
tr	NN	I repressed a shudder .
tr	NN	" Shall I cut the first slice ? "
tr	NNS	" You treat your women the way you treat your dogs .
tr	NN	Austin put down his pen and raised his hands together with the fingers touching one another , spreading them out before himself .
tr	NNS	Just ahead saw the street performers , the well lit shops , and free standing vendor booths .
tr	NNS	The way you gave me butterflies that morning had absolutely nothing to do with anyone else , and everything to do with you .
tr	NN	As I recalled , Tully had called her Maureen .
tr	NN	Maybe I can handle a little ole snake .
tr	NN	She has a nice slim frame with curves in all the right places .
tr	NNS	Dad , she has my claiming marks on her neck and she won 't let me touch her .
tr	NNS	It cost the bank two thousand dollars .
tr	NN	Maybe - Then he began his quest to shut off her thoughts and he was more than successful .
tr	NNS	Doyle , as far as I am aware , has very few , if any , connections to either the Midwest or London , except through Banks .
tr	NNS	They didn 't need the moon folks .
tr	NNS	I turned the pages of his life and raised the light to read the finer print .
tr	NN	As I walked the length of the side of the truck , I slowly removed the pistol from my pocket .
tr	NN	As best qualified in terms of programming , he took upon himself the responsibility to pass the information to Peter .
tr	NNS	And he loves the females . "
tr	NN	I 'll shoot an email over to you with the details .
tr	NNS	Sometimes they have students who just need actual job experience to count towards their degrees .
tr	NN	They found a tea cart on the street , half a block from the building where the interviews were held .
tr	NN	He stroked the rope with one finger , the rope crumbling before him .
tr	NN	Soon enough , they 'd figure out the fate I had in store for them .
tr	NN	His swiping hand caused the nearest baby alligator to come to life .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , she didn 't hear any discordant noises and Miss Chef was in the living room so the cat was safe .
tr	NNS	My fingertips poked his ribs unmercifully .
tr	NNS	Just admiring the great halls of my school 's rival . "
tr	NN	Atop his head , Monk 's fingers blindly tapped a code onto his wrist cuff , preparing to transmit a wireless signal .
tr	NNS	The darkness , she knew , hid the shortcomings of Mother Nature .
tr	NNS	The rotors would mask any small noises he might make .
tr	NN	I am taking it off autopilot , so grab the yoke and get a feel for her . "
tr	NNS	I felt the drops from melting icicles on my face . "
tr	NNS	But another larger wing of the heavenly army had already reached the launch sites .
tr	NN	" Need more proof ? "
tr	NN	He had a middle bunk in a stack of three .
tr	NNS	She cooked peanuts into his beans .
tr	NN	Emma felt the lump , took the syringe and inserted it .
tr	NN	" He gets broth , not ale . "
tr	NN	About an hour out of Bon Temps , we took an exit ramp .
tr	NNS	Morris patted his pockets .
tr	NN	They confirmed the previous negative assessment and when they employed a new type of scanning device , the contents became obvious .
tr	NNS	I studied drugs and poisons in school .
tr	NN	A flash of fur and leathery wings accompanied a deep , thunderous growl .
tr	NNS	I see the marks you leave on her .
tr	NN	" I don 't want your destiny ; I don 't want your responsibility .
tr	NNS	To think he had almost made eighteen shots ... she shook her head .
tr	NN	" I 've still got more than half a magazine . "
tr	NN	Shouldn 't they have that option ?
tr	NN	Especially this P.I. " Chapter 4 I love technology .
tr	NNS	She took some deep breaths of dusty , stale air and tried her limbs ; savage pain tore through her whole body with each movement .
tr	NNS	" Think Barrett did drugs ? "
tr	NN	The stunned look in her eyes didn 't boost his equilibrium .
tr	NNS	" Papa leaves stacks like these all around and forgets about them . "
tr	NNS	We need allies . "
tr	NNS	Our ancestors had little distractions of modern and contemporary life .
tr	NNS	Harry lived a few blocks away , and the two fourteen year olds had drifted into the habit of walking to school together .
tr	NNS	Nico walked down the palace hallways to check on his king .
tr	NNS	" I saw stains on his tunic .
tr	NN	He lifts the pen , making a spectacle of clicking the top several times .
tr	NN	Marcus returned the salute , if more casually than was strictly proper , and stepped inside the tent .
tr	NNS	One day you will put your family 's doubts to shame . "
tr	NNS	This bell came many centuries ago from England from a foundry in Liverpool .
tr	NNS	There was a rugged handsomeness to him , and even in a still photograph , I could see a fierceness as he watched the crowd .
tr	NN	Tears came unbidden to her eyes , and the shame of them , in front of so many , made her want to cry harder .
tr	NNS	I loved the birds , and mother was with me almost continually as I scampered around among the branches , frequently assuming forms other than my own .
tr	NN	" Since when do you just have orange juice ? "
tr	NNS	" Monarchs and Popes have long had contentious relations with one another . "
tr	NN	Lucan Thorne 's grim face filled the flat-screen monitor on the wall of the Boston Command Center .
tr	NNS	She secured the figures from last night 's auction from him .
tr	NN	I smoothly withdrew the item he 'd placed in there as I stepped back , hiding it in the folds of my skirt .
tr	NN	She had always understood that distinction intuitively when it came to her painting .
tr	NN	" No , thank goodness .
tr	NN	If only my dad and my sister could grasp that logic so easily .
tr	NNS	The two relationships she 'd had after her brief marriage had afforded the same benefits .
tr	NNS	I washed the dishes and placed them in a cupboard while trying to recall things about my past .
tr	NNS	Love L x ' They showed the texts to their family .
tr	NNS	They could find no points of contact and all their arguments reached a deadlock .
tr	NNS	I had suspicions things were happening , but I also suspected Sam was protecting you .
tr	NN	As swiftly as before , Marta stripped off every article of clothing and slid under the quilt .
tr	NN	Without warning a misguided missile in the form of a soccer ball bounced off his cap .
tr	NN	Oh , come on , honey .
tr	NN	His muttered " sorry " draws an annoyed huff from Robin .
tr	NNS	" Did you notice any skid marks on the road ? "
tr	NN	I need some advice . "
tr	NN	I feel my smile waver .
tr	NNS	The bartender delivered the two beers .
tr	NNS	They 'd had meetings before that didn 't pan out . "
tr	NN	They don 't have patience for reminders that there might be something less . "
tr	NN	Would they hang a madman ?
tr	NN	The vaguely malevolent eyes held no personality .
tr	NN	Frankly she didn 't see the resemblance .
tr	NN	As they turned to kill him , he swore vengeance on all of them . "
tr	NN	He hadn 't understood that selfish attitude until his turn came and he witnessed the demands of the job firsthand .
tr	NN	We have excellent leverage on the French press .
tr	NNS	They had two apple pies waiting for dessert , too .
tr	NNS	Myra and Tara took candles from around the room and set them in the middle of the floor .
tr	NNS	In the meantime , Amber threw the steaks on the outside grill along with a few potatoes .
tr	NNS	Still , Mom accepted two cups before sitting on the couch .
tr	NN	Not at all like a jellyfish . "
tr	NNS	Perhaps , in an odd sort of way , I have already nearly exhausted the trappings of wealth .
tr	NNS	Do not take chances , Solange .
tr	NNS	Inside he saw some shelves to the left .
tr	NN	He whirls and yanks a dagger straight out of his boot .
tr	NN	Other people had chocolate ; I had dying declarations .
tr	NNS	In the background he could see the large ships heading in and out of San Francisco .
tr	NN	Nick pulled out the block of soy cheese and smelled it .
tr	NN	She released the sofa with one hand , reached back , and dug her fingers into his hip .
tr	NNS	It could send the heavens tumbling .
tr	NN	They had the best lab in the nation there .
tr	NN	I did not return the gesture .
tr	NNS	Once again , he fearlessly switched teams - this time from the very start of class .
tr	NN	Eric was considered a weirdo and an unsociable person .
tr	NNS	Beneath her , she could feel his ribs , brittle and frail now , and the gentle beating of his heart .
tr	NNS	We needed more allies who were ours by choice , not by threat .
tr	NN	I made an assumption that there was only one pottery maker in town , well at least during the time of these insertions as you surmise .
tr	NNS	Our server set the plates in front of us -- lobster tails , filet mignon , scallop potatoes , and asparagus .
tr	NNS	They picked up several competing currents at once .
tr	NNS	Yours might mean stripes across your ass and timeouts in the corner . "
tr	NN	I feel my energy drain from me like water from a tub and I try to fight him but I can 't .
tr	NNS	We lost two shipments under strange circumstances , and we figured things out .
tr	NN	She pulled out that little gem of nature from the white towel and immediately prepared a beaten egg for me .
tr	NNS	I heard noises in my head , and clicking .
tr	NN	" At least they 'll have a frame of reference for our interest .
tr	NNS	" But we can send data to Watney , and have him enter it in to the rover . "
tr	NN	" I 've got chocolate fudge cake in the fridge with your name on it . "
tr	NNS	Not that so far Miranda 's rituals had prevented the ghosts from visiting .
tr	NN	Thomas flipped off the concrete partition , up over the creature and blasted a barrage of gun fire into the top of his head .
tr	NNS	Dr. Whitney was hiding his daughter 's abilities from the colonel .
tr	NNS	For the first time since they had met , he didn 't hide his fangs from her .
tr	NNS	Helen wore a bright pink sundress with a pink bow in her fluffy , gray hair .
tr	NN	Grabbing the serving spoon , she starts digging into the pot .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the crew heard a loud clang , indicating that the hatch was being unlocked from the outside .
tr	NNS	I can place certain chemicals with certain places . "
tr	NN	She could see her backpack below , though it appeared farther down than she remembered climbing .
tr	NNS	I gave the oozing blood one last gentle wipe and sat back on my heels .
tr	NN	Maybe I could still make the massage I had scheduled for tomorrow if this all went to plan .
tr	NNS	I shouldn 't make assumptions . "
tr	NNS	That included various errands , begging a few items from the vendors , and dealing with the boatmen .
tr	NNS	I 'd only made acquaintances , not friends .
tr	NNS	She had arrangements to supervise and a quick practice session to schedule with Watkins , the guitar-playing ranch hand .
tr	NNS	And we dug tunnels . "
tr	NN	I swallow down the lump in my throat which threatens to spill out .
tr	NN	My stance deepened the divide , and not just between the agency and the Marines .
tr	NN	Her bruised lips gave testimony to the brief passion they 'd shared .
tr	NNS	I liked dogs , really I did , but they 'd screwed up more than a few jobs Fletcher had taken me on .
tr	NNS	We saw birds , squirrels scurrying around getting ready to hibernate .
tr	NN	She puffed a big teasing bubble toward his face .
tr	NN	I 'm just returning the favor .
tr	NNS	" Here , " she breathed fervently .
tr	NN	I felt the breeze on my skin , the passageway suddenly flooded with natural light .
tr	NNS	At least it had offices -- she had gotten that part right .
tr	NN	It didn 't trick anybody .
tr	NN	Him and his brother had a lab in their basement that exploded last month .
tr	NN	" Don 't give me that crap .
tr	NN	" He 'll bring the rope . "
tr	NN	Such a tactical error gave her the impression that he wasn 't used to abducting people .
tr	NN	The crowd , consistently at this time of the night , reached its maximum capacity .
tr	NN	He strode up the gangplank and onto the middle of the barge .
tr	NN	Sprinkle a handful or two to your garden daily and I guarantee you 'll see amazing results .
tr	NN	The experimental medication , as the doctors had expected , had had no effect at all .
tr	NNS	" You test the waters with cleaver girl , and we 'll get our supplies . "
tr	NNS	Marriage has done wonders for him . "
tr	NNS	Seeing his mate able to take down a male werewolf almost twice her size had laid all his fears to rest .
tr	NN	Outside it Fintan could see a red , rocky valley .
tr	NNS	Depending on their feedback , we 'll schedule the proper classes for you . "
tr	NN	Kirstie hugged the puppy closer , her head dipping to nuzzle his furry softness .
tr	NN	" I love ice cream . "
tr	NN	He fought the urge to pull away and save himself .
tr	NN	Chapter Fourteen Outside Jake 's office , Marc offered Stephan a short reprieve .
tr	NN	He ate the cold stew from the can and munched on the cookies as he sat quietly .
tr	NNS	Seriously , other places needed tunnels like these .
tr	NNS	The abandoned , circular halls have deteriorated severely , large chunks of the walkways succumbing to erosion in the harsh desert climate .
tr	NN	" Not in the traditional sense , but she has a quality -- that smile is wonderful . "
tr	NNS	" Maybe we could throw balls , and ask the nobility who came to donate money to help feed the people . "
tr	NN	What are we calling this covert operation ?
tr	NN	" Should I get out the ice cream ? "
tr	NN	From most he got the impression that they did not wish to be seen acting too welcoming .
tr	NN	He called the Spirit of God and the Archangels , and the Saints to guide them .
tr	NN	That meant no natural immunity .
tr	NNS	I 'd experience sudden bursts of energy then loss of strength .
tr	NNS	In half a minute Selena somewhat regained her senses .
tr	NN	The next words she spoke would seal their fate and tie them together for eternity .
tr	NNS	She inspected the trays of chicken in the fridge , the meat slimy and uninviting .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have false expectations .
tr	NN	" Sorry , " he heard Stump mutter .
tr	NNS	Otherwise you can run some errands for me , like picking up your prom dress . "
tr	NN	She indicated the sideboard .
tr	NN	He hopped the railing and came to stand beside her .
tr	NNS	Dominic dismissed the servers .
tr	NNS	But he never said the specifics . "
tr	NNS	" Since Shane got me this here dishwasher , I don 't mind doin ' kitchen chores near like I used to . "
tr	NN	Tall , broad-shouldered , like a statue .
tr	NN	He bends a branch out of the path and I hurry through .
tr	NNS	But he had obligations in the morning .
tr	NN	We got a good demonstration now .
tr	NNS	" I left some skills off my CV . "
tr	NNS	He saw the equations , the plans , and his masterpiece 's completion .
tr	NNS	He had his students .
tr	NN	Don 't tell anybody about me .
tr	NN	He had not considered the possibility that he might end up rejoining it in a different part of the story .
tr	NNS	I pulled back the covers to reveal her swollen legs .
tr	NN	She put down the notepad and pen .
tr	NN	He took one nipple into his mouth .
tr	NNS	I could teach him tricks .
tr	NN	As she talked , the camera took the viewer on a swift , edited trip down the steps leading into the lower chamber .
tr	NN	Kirk had read the manuscript and helped me decide how to edit a few things .
tr	NN	And Mathew , don 't worry about Miguel , he 's got his fortune coming , too . "
tr	NN	In the distance she can make out the pier that she first met Hope .
tr	NN	The glow of her delight fairly lit up the alcove .
tr	NNS	She wiped her palms on her jeans .
tr	NN	Yet he held back the sapphire and silver comforter , smiled at her , told her she was beautiful as he skimmed his knuckles down her spine .
tr	NN	But this ... " You swore an oath to him . "
tr	NNS	On the wall hung original photographs from every war in U.S. history , along with rifles from each era .
tr	NN	Adam handed the kitten back to Amanda .
tr	NN	He liked the protest in her voice .
tr	NN	She could still feel his stern glare , measuring the depths of her soul down to her very heart .
tr	NNS	Seals do not hold rituals on rocks for one morning , on the same day , every year . "
tr	NNS	But the First Law simply governs the actions of robots toward human beings .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't help but notice the changes in him .
tr	NN	With purpose , I lifted the cloth covering the table , moving it out of the way and spotted my quarry .
tr	NN	Think about it , we all need a pen at some stage in our lives , even if only to sign a cheque .
tr	NN	Emerging from the hygiene booth several minutes later , he caught a glimpse of himself in the reflector on the wall .
tr	NNS	I just never considered those off-the-cuff remarks to be part of a creed .
tr	NN	" We will not buy cream for the coffee , and no more sugar . "
tr	NN	Language had lost its meaning .
tr	NN	I turned off the ignition and waved to him .
tr	NN	Connie asked the flight engineer to assist , ' Brian , check ball turret and retract trailing antennae . '
tr	NNS	I acknowledged the greetings of the soldiers , and then we hustled him to the HQ .
tr	NNS	However , they also determine the new King 's strengths and weaknesses .
tr	NN	I hastily wiped the shovel with my sleeve and shifted to one side , peering into the shiny metal surface .
tr	NN	Then again , they had protection on the brain .
tr	NNS	If you don 't like it , you can have more hot dogs -- and I can have your steak for breakfast the next morning . "
tr	NN	They 'll be happy to help me find another room , blah blah , " I made the jerkoff gesture with my hand .
tr	NN	And next time , let 's lose the egg timer .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes drastic change requires drastic measures . "
tr	NNS	Just for the fun of it , from time to time I go and destroy all his drugs . "
tr	NN	Valerius gave him a rather sarcastic Roman salute , then turned on his heel and left them .
tr	NNS	He released my nipples , but his fingers were still beautiful torture devices .
tr	NNS	I 'd been getting nauseous with my eyes closed while moving for so long .
tr	NN	" I 'm doing a comedy .
tr	NNS	He was missing the silver marks from the game , but those were irrelevant .
tr	NNS	It immediately began gulping rags of kelp while Thomas ran off down the beach .
tr	NNS	" Horrible fairy tales .
tr	NN	" Ara , " he said , his tone playful but warning .
tr	NNS	The author holds the rights to this work .
tr	NN	He liked a little real cream in his and she made it to perfection .
tr	NNS	She gently carried the cubs to the slumbering mother , setting them down to snuggle up against her .
tr	NNS	Expecting a rebuke he stepped back a few paces , but the pretty blond sat looking at him , a cute smile on her face .
tr	NNS	Usually her mom hired students from Hollis College , the university down the road , to do it .
tr	NNS	But Sojourner has six independent wheels that rotate reasonably fast .
tr	NN	Okay , so you might need the longer version ... Up until a few weeks ago my life was both peachy and keen .
tr	NN	About an inch long , and already , the skin around that wound was turning a dark , bruised purple .
tr	NNS	And I only had five hundred dollars and some loose change .
tr	NN	But then , she wasn 't feeling all that lighthearted .
tr	NNS	They strolled the shops , cafes and cinemas along the Avenue des Champs-Élysées .
tr	NNS	Caleb knew relations between Holly and her adoptive parents were strained .
tr	NN	" You won 't be wanting boar guts and ... bat broth then ? "
tr	NNS	Beneath her modest navy jacket and silk blouse , her body was having some very immodest reactions to his nearness .
tr	NN	He swung off the motorcycle and left without looking back .
tr	NN	" I don 't know what he needs a bullet for , I heard a rumor he was shootin ' blanks .
tr	NN	Jon chewed his steak , growing more annoyed by the second .
tr	NN	The winding road to the facility went up a steep hill that overlooked the cove .
tr	NN	They practiced brutality because they could .
tr	NNS	Most get sent to the cities , people round here use bikes to get around or burner engines like mine if they can . "
tr	NN	Indian exporters were happy , they could make hay for a while .
tr	NN	My shoulders drooping in defeat , I grabbed the pen from his hands and signed my name on the back of all three cards .
tr	NNS	Hart turned the last few pages , which were blank , ready for more photographs .
tr	NN	Instead , Kate hummed her tune as she crawled behind him through the tunnel .
tr	NNS	You should have asked the terms before you made your contract .
tr	NNS	Melanie took a few silent breaths .
tr	NNS	" Do you sell phone cards , please ?
tr	NN	What if he shows potential , real potential , to show up his old man ?
tr	NN	Some of the enemy had heavier armour to defend against rifles and they fought the Humans .
tr	NNS	Suffice it to say " - he paused thoughtfully - " Sullivan appreciates my unique talents . "
tr	NNS	I told my lioness , Patience , and she hunkered down in the long grass and began to wait .
tr	NNS	Some had silver bands around their arms , and others had gold .
tr	NNS	To add to the effect , Emily braided colorful ribbons in multitudes of tiny braids through Mia 's dark hair .
tr	NN	Instantly , the unit delivered a package of string cheese .
tr	NN	The herb , when squeezed in water , gave out a soapy substance that was useful for washing .
tr	NNS	" And Julie , you double-check those batteries for John .
tr	NNS	Then I went to do the shopping because with Ellen staying over , we 'd need some extra supplies .
tr	NN	So instead of shooting him , she used the pistol to bash his balls again .
tr	NNS	As her eyes became accustomed to the darkness , Gabrielle could see blueprints and sheets of calculations scattered around .
tr	NN	She removed from her pocket an EM detector provided by the Secret Service .
tr	NN	" Nobody noticed your little outburst here , so let 's just forget this happened and go home .
tr	NNS	Jain carried two heavy buckets .
tr	NN	Skull lifted the seed out of the glass cylinder and placed it on her palm .
tr	NN	I stared at the wounded area , then pulled up my towel to check for more bruising .
tr	NNS	What if they don 't check the systems well enough and we die in a fiery crash ?
tr	NNS	' He likes the really old ships . '
tr	NNS	She could deliver several shots before having to reload .
tr	NNS	" Nolan ... " The strangled whisper told volumes .
tr	NNS	She starts fires accidentally when the energy builds around her .
tr	NNS	From across the still water Sarah could hear dogs barking and the loud laughter of men greeting each other .
tr	NNS	Grace was selling two fruit pies to Mrs. Franklin , the wife of a retired pharmacist who 'd been an institution in Stillwater since Allie could remember .
tr	NNS	He could see the wheels turning in her mind as she considered that .
tr	NN	A deep coil of desire produced a moan against Simon 's lips .
tr	NNS	" The people who lived here before had dogs and cats .
tr	NNS	I 'd had all sorts of visions of her scary , psycho dad waiting to jump out of the car and made good on his castration promise .
tr	NN	This family owes her a debt of gratitude for all she 's done to keep us alive .
tr	NN	He suppressed a shudder .
tr	NN	We continued our climb to the top , finally coming to a stop at the main observation station .
tr	NN	She could faintly see the Angel statue that stood at the head of the stairs , backlit with brilliant golden light , bright as day .
tr	NN	" I 've got my equipment set up in the bushes just across from the doors .
tr	NNS	At first she thought the candles not bright enough , for Agatha had no color in her pale cheeks .
tr	NNS	" You did WHAT ? "
tr	NN	Be sure that , whatever else you get , you will not get justice . "
tr	NNS	A quick glance over my shoulder confirmed my suspicions .
tr	NN	I don 't want a flag raised on some remote computer Whitney might be monitoring . "
tr	NN	He gathered his equipment and put in his rucksack .
tr	NN	" I didn 't need saving . "
tr	NN	After today though ... I feel my willingness to hold tight weaken .
tr	NNS	In the darkness by the hedge at the rear of the property , I saw two figures .
tr	NNS	" I have the connections .
tr	NN	They 've restarted the slave trade .
tr	NN	She blew a strand of hair out of her eyes and quickly punched in another combination .
tr	NNS	" I need no more servants .
tr	NNS	Vogue 's voice popped requests and questions between labored breaths .
tr	NN	And with those soft words , Thomas brought the whip down onto my back .
tr	NN	Checking your school email ? "
tr	NNS	" Thank heavens there 's someone here I know ! "
tr	NNS	See , you worried for nothing , our lives didn 't affect your chances . "
tr	NN	Mike suppressed the urge to brush them aside , just to see if her hair felt as soft as it looked .
tr	NN	Sawyer 's chuckle held an element of respect .
tr	NN	But I catch a glimpse of the numbers on it .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters had their runes to protect them .
tr	NNS	To remove the hook would painfully tear his insides to shreds and cause massive bleeding .
tr	NNS	As Cassian coughed and wheezed , his henchman and fighters advanced another few paces .
tr	NNS	The thought sent butterflies in her stomach .
tr	NNS	I had lifted the cans quickly that morning to see if any vestige of Pardon Albee 's last ride was visible on the cart .
tr	NN	" We go up the hill .
tr	NNS	I love babies . '
tr	NNS	He made the connections to the breaker , tested the circuits with a false load , replaced the cover plate .
tr	NNS	Her brother used his powers for ridiculous things like picking up girls .
tr	NNS	But perhaps , having seen how vulnerable he is , he will reconsider his actions .
tr	NN	Gale sweeps up a handful of pencils and taps them on the floor into perfect alignment .
tr	NN	His look was too fucking slick , especially for a supposed small town bar owner .
tr	NN	He had an agenda and he had to stick to it .
tr	NN	You take away our heritage !
tr	NNS	A young woman cowered behind a parked van a few yards away .
tr	NN	I take out my iPod and put my ear buds in , scrolling to " Seth 's Awesome Playlist . "
tr	NN	" My Dad had a stroke about 5 years ago .
tr	NNS	We grabbed our packs and set up our mini fortress amongst the rocks .
tr	NNS	With that hair , and all the sarcastic remarks ? "
tr	NNS	The man gave her the creeps .
tr	NNS	It could barely accommodate the full-sized mattress on the floor .
tr	NNS	Blushing , I took the roses and inhaled their clean scent .
tr	NN	Tell me the meaning of all this ? "
tr	NNS	London 's got millions .
tr	NNS	She straightened out her blouse and slacks .
tr	NN	That single fact instantly told a visitor just how powerful Damon Kincaid was .
tr	NNS	He stepped back a few paces and turned to face the center of the room , obviously aware that he 'd interrupted a private conversation .
tr	NNS	She stood breathless in the doorway and looked across the room at her son .
tr	NN	And Mom 's words remind me I want the whole package now .
tr	NN	Callum stifled a growl .
tr	NNS	I take a few deep breaths before finally getting out of the car .
tr	NNS	She and Mary Ellen were served their meals in Alexandra 's room , while he apparently preferred the more interesting company of his grandmother .
tr	NNS	I jerk my handlebars to the right and lose my balance .
tr	NNS	Though he didn 't know it , his face was pale , his knuckles white as they gripped the pages he held .
tr	NN	" You look spectacular , " he said appreciatively , his eyes traversing my figure at least twice .
tr	NN	Besides , I owe you a favor . "
tr	NN	The woman beeped her horn at me .
tr	NN	She holds out a small wrapped package , and my eyes water .
tr	NN	He 's giving a concert tomorrow night at the opera house .
tr	NN	While Elena had been in her own little world with Damon , Bonnie had taken a dagger and cut off a long lock of Elena 's hair .
tr	NN	She tugged her ponytail in a nervous habit and blushed .
tr	NN	She held out a brightly though clumsily wrapped package with a slightly mangled bow .
tr	NNS	In return , he sacrifices his victims upon a slab chosen by Rock which feeds the plane of Rock .
tr	NN	But as he approached the beach , he saw a torch burning brightly at the water 's edge and he headed toward it .
tr	NNS	" I forgot the condoms back in Phoenix . "
tr	NN	Abby leaned over the railing and shouted , " Can y ' all keep it down ?
tr	NNS	My mom rubbed her temples with her fingertips .
tr	NNS	She brought up appropriate subjects such as the weather , and stayed far away from anything that might induce another onslaught of tears .
tr	NN	Either way I had a sure mode of testing it once and for all .
tr	NNS	This morning , he and Smoke had brought down a small deer .
tr	NN	She quickly scooped the bird up , holding him with both hands , carefully restricting his wings .
tr	NN	Middle-aged , happily married , and with a heart of gold , the woman knew every customer by name and order .
tr	NN	We had a one-time encounter , an encounter that had nothing to do with anything before or after . "
tr	NN	But , like , I don 't know Morse code .
tr	NNS	" From the drugs ? "
tr	NNS	Chapter 19 Between the two of them , Bill and Farley had polished off more than twenty beers .
tr	NNS	You know my negotiation skills .
tr	NN	" Try offering and see for yourself . "
tr	NNS	After an hour of watching the walls , he threw two changes of clothes in the BMW , placed Hearsay in the front seat and left town .
tr	NNS	As backward as it sounds , love had nearly destroyed two complete families .
tr	NNS	Hmmm , he hadn 't noticed all the little freckles she had on her nose ; he guessed they were more noticeable in the sunlight outside .
tr	NNS	" Doesn 't that make you question their motives ? "
tr	NNS	She could hear her mother 's equally feeble attempts at cooking from the pots and pans that banged in the kitchen .
tr	NN	Turning back to his task , Rick shoved the dead receptionist in his swivel chair rolling out of the way .
tr	NN	He was kissing her spine now , and she felt the touch of his lips , each moist stroke of his tongue .
tr	NNS	Was a wolf - or werewolf - in fact harming the dogs of Legend 's Run ?
tr	NN	Fishing the house key out of her pocket , she eased down a stair , farther from the heat of his thigh and the scent of leather .
tr	NN	Tiny pastries and miniature sandwiches filled the pewter serving plates .
tr	NNS	He heard distant rumbles in the kitchen as she tidied .
tr	NN	They planted their flag in the ditch so it streamed in the wind , revealing the image of the running wolf emblazoned upon it .
tr	NNS	Much to his surprise , Dagger intercepts many signals and sources .
tr	NNS	We have powers which place us above others , so let 's use them to rule ! "
tr	NNS	" You have not been forgotten Elis .
tr	NN	the recently freed man probably amongst the throng as he spoke .
tr	NNS	Mitch had summarized the three processes to be employed as simply as he could , although in its entirety it was very complicated .
tr	NN	This guy sounded heavy duty .
tr	NN	But he hadn 't expected any digging other than the perimeter . '
tr	NNS	" I have not survived so many centuries without realizing that I can occasionally be wrong .
tr	NNS	The sink had all gold fixtures .
tr	NN	I do not know the secret code to get into Teal 's apartment and I have no way to break in without getting arrested .
tr	NNS	Rebecca started the engines and reversed the throttles .
tr	NNS	Smoke overtakes my senses and I can feel fear like I have never experienced before .
tr	NN	She had the weird sensation of being silently enticed to choose him as her next lover .
tr	NN	Camille had given her loyalty to too many people who didn 't deserve it .
tr	NN	I could feel some angst with the inevitability of future clashes with the Nazarenes .
tr	NN	Move the vase . "
tr	NNS	Any species that exists on Amazon has powers which would never exist on your plush , blue world . "
tr	NN	She made the gesture instead , her thin fingers patting his thick , hairy leg .
tr	NNS	Maynard pointed to the tree ladder a few yards away .
tr	NNS	He gave me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	Something in the Ring is transmitting signals to Sini 's implant .
tr	NN	Gillian grabbed a pillow and sat down .
tr	NNS	I gathered some cans and then headed to the garage , where I saw a large recycle bin .
tr	NN	A couple of times , he 'd brought back some fish and even a rabbit , which Noelle staunchly refused to eat .
tr	NN	Another customer enters the crowded diner .
tr	NNS	He pushes his stacks of chips in .
tr	NN	" Of course , I know a nice little café we have to pass . "
tr	NNS	He could feel the layers of dried drink adhere to his fingertips as they rested there .
tr	NNS	Like a robot , Kelsey dialed the numbers .
tr	NNS	They didn 't have babies .
tr	NNS	It 's got safe houses where they could hide . '
tr	NN	I felt her body tense ; her thighs closed hard around my hand .
tr	NNS	She wore high-heeled slippers and a baby blue nightgown with white dots that could pass for a sundress .
tr	NN	He could take football away from me , but he 'd never take them ; my wife and our unborn child .
tr	NNS	she thought whilst chopping vegetables .
tr	NNS	Sheik mouths , recognizing the essence of a Goddess when she sees it .
tr	NNS	Rich was calculating dates .
tr	NNS	He scents the decaying carcass of a mouse under the snow , ripe and calling out .
tr	NNS	You hide criminals here . "
tr	NNS	There he found the index cards .
tr	NNS	He could almost see the wheels turning in her mind as she explored possibilities .
tr	NNS	Still , back turned or not , he could hear noises .
tr	NN	" I need a password .
tr	NNS	Come down little birds , or you will get roasted in your nests !
tr	NN	There are still the same floral sheets that she had on that very bed the night she gave me her virginity three years ago .
tr	NNS	They again heard the undifferentiated hiss .
tr	NNS	" You expect further troubles ? "
tr	NNS	The year after Sylvie and James were married , James had brought up burial plots .
tr	NNS	She picked up more vegetables , thinking of a rice and chicken dish her mother had taught her so many years ago might be a good idea .
tr	NNS	It enhances your physical abilities , making you stronger , more able to resist fatigue and pain .
tr	NNS	He tossed the cushions onto the settee and grunted .
tr	NN	' Am I speaking a foreign language ?
tr	NN	I have a one hundred percent success rate so far . "
tr	NN	She had perfected her sarcastic , uncaring attitude until it was an art form .
tr	NNS	He checked his pockets , the top of the desk , behind the desk , on his bed , under his bed , but it was nowhere .
tr	NNS	But the presence of the eggs might have bothered your instincts on some level . "
tr	NN	They had an easy manner and weathered faces accustomed to smiling .
tr	NNS	If worse came to worse , she could cross the tracks and escape by way of the far platform .
tr	NN	He made a disgusted gesture .
tr	NNS	He could see large merchant ships lumbering along with smoke rising from their funnels .
tr	NNS	To hide my exasperation with him , I introduced the twins .
tr	NNS	He held up the hourglass again .
tr	NN	I want a lawyer ! "
tr	NN	We will watch and judge the galaxy , but we will not venture out into it .
tr	NNS	" You are getting fifteen new gowns . "
tr	NN	Bryson had lost his backpack , and they only had one knife .
tr	NN	I pointed out the spectacle to Tiffany .
tr	NNS	I 've already gathered five patrols of my best men . "
tr	NN	" Indian chief ? "
tr	NN	Ethan had read his file for the second time just last week .
tr	NNS	But I would say fourteen years counts as long-term for just about anybody . "
tr	NNS	Sara wiped her sweaty palms against her jeans .
tr	NN	We wouldn 't get full custody , but you 're her mother , Lexi .
tr	NNS	He had three homosexual lovers , but they too all turned out to be HIV-negative .
tr	NNS	He brushed the bits of gravel and dirt off her back .
tr	NN	I can smell the liquor on her breath .
tr	NNS	Lucifer tried all sorts of bribery with him , but he wasn 't interested in money or wealth .
tr	NN	An hour later they recognized defeat .
tr	NN	He even gave me advice about a boy . "
tr	NN	He 'd always disliked protocol .
tr	NN	" Adam , Riley , search the dorm .
tr	NNS	Your arrival brought about so many changes for your Mom and me . "
tr	NNS	Get allies from Morley 's people if you can , by whatever means you can .
tr	NN	I must supply a special drinking apparatus so she can drink water as her jaw is wired shut for the time being . "
tr	NN	I 'd hardly made the landing of the final turn when I heard their familiar , horrible laughter !
tr	NN	" I have some linen on my cart and you can use it ... to cover up . "
tr	NNS	The Officials have cameras on the streets .
tr	NNS	If Amber were by Simon 's side , she could better determine the man 's motivations .
tr	NNS	Next came the coats of arms of the other distinguished major houses organized into rows along the roof .
tr	NN	After a little silence she indicated his pager and asked , " Did you get -- whatever it was -- taken care of ? "
tr	NNS	" This place gives me the creeps .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes .
tr	NNS	I felt my insides pulsing as my body reeled with one of the most intense orgasms of my life .
tr	NNS	Have you found any drugs to be useful for he ... persuasion ? "
tr	NNS	I 'd never seen such coldness in his eyes before .
tr	NN	When satisfied that he had done his job both well and completely , he lifted the last candle and began to make his way toward the door .
tr	NN	He 's having a seizure .
tr	NN	But then as an ultimate tactician , he must have an infinite range of weapons .
tr	NNS	She may , indeed , not have our best interests foremost .
tr	NNS	In what way did he see similarities between us ?
tr	NNS	Later that day , he watched the interviews on a segment called " Odds and Ends " and it turned out he was right .
tr	NNS	I also made arrangements to be available on the days of her chemo treatments so I can take her to and from the hospital .
tr	NN	I can feel my power thrumming here .
tr	NN	Sam asked , his eyes intent on her face .
tr	NNS	" I 'll get plates for them . "
tr	NNS	Well , there went the excuses .
tr	NN	In October , he sent out his collection of poems to a German publisher , and they were accepted .
tr	NNS	Do not share your titles liberally .
tr	NNS	Driving the wolves ahead of them .
tr	NN	Dmitri heard a footstep in the room .
tr	NN	You can 't sell the Mustang . "
tr	NN	Wrapping her arms about her waist she gave a visible shudder .
tr	NN	He did it again , a huge whoop of sheer exuberance that carried back to her in the clear , windless air .
tr	NNS	" The princess is wearing her slippers out again I see . "
tr	NNS	She grasped his buttocks .
tr	NN	How else could my grandfather have predicted this disaster ?
tr	NNS	" Okay , so Linda and Randall don 't give off these auras .
tr	NN	Maybe that explains Dr. Neville 's attitude toward the Electron Pump . "
tr	NNS	Frantic , he swept his palms along the wall in larger and larger arcs .
tr	NNS	As the Dubai national debt skyrocketed , the Commonwealth cherry-picked the best assets , buying them for pennies on the dollar .
tr	NN	His champagne fix satisfied , McAllister dismissed the waitress with a wave of his hand and moved toward the center of the crowd .
tr	NNS	A week after posting the Used demos she 'd taken after the Dingwall 's gig , Grace received three studio 's responses .
tr	NN	In a moment of uncontrollable rage , Drake kicked the waste basket away as he got to his feet .
tr	NNS	" Four thousand dollars .
tr	NN	Lara Cameron had been reading Kathy 's resume .
tr	NNS	Ackerman has far too many assets .
tr	NN	What manner of animals are you ? "
tr	NN	He loosened the wrap around each child and checked the girl 's pulse .
tr	NNS	She batted away the ghosts .
tr	NNS	Had he misread her signals ?
tr	NNS	Deciding she had to know , Kendra kicked off the covers .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to let my hand travel down between my thighs as well .
tr	NN	She set the coke down on the counter .
tr	NNS	I play out crazy scenarios inside my head , imagining the corpses coming back to life and attacking .
tr	NNS	The men almost lost their senses when they saw all the chocolate wonders , and couldn 't stop staring at them .
tr	NN	" No , it should not , Old Man . "
tr	NN	A slow chill crawls up my spine , and I have to fight off a shudder .
tr	NN	He opened the refrigerator and grabbed a bottle of water for the drive back to Boston .
tr	NNS	" You design buildings ?
tr	NN	By week 's end she 'd 1 bought out the lease .
tr	NN	I threaded a needle and turned to the unconscious immortal .
tr	NNS	That evening I had learned the more painful methods by which food and water can be inserted into a prisoner .
tr	NNS	Ted took several deep breaths and turned the doorknob again .
tr	NNS	When the courtroom was cleared of everyone but lawyers and clerics , His Honor said , " Gentlemen , you filed these motions .
tr	NNS	It was definitely covering its tracks .
tr	NN	" Wake up Jeremy , you have a customer . "
tr	NN	Fog clouds my consciousness as David 's menacing voice pierces through the encroaching darkness .
tr	NN	Did it renew her suspect status ?
tr	NNS	And didn 't the witch have invisible servants to help her ?
tr	NN	Despite having started the teasing , I was losing patience .
tr	NNS	No quill and ink could make those marks .
tr	NN	A lot of the files came corrupted , others not fully decrypted .
tr	NNS	" We brought some last-minute extras . "
tr	NN	Yves noticed what he should have seen long before : her exhaustion , her despair , her love for him , her disappointment .
tr	NN	You have an apron he can use , right ? "
tr	NN	" So I do get credit . "
tr	NN	Smiling , Maureen replaced the receiver .
tr	NN	Maybe seeking sanctuary . "
tr	NN	The owner gets the cake ; I get the crumbs .
tr	NNS	" I have mobility difficulties , your leadership . "
tr	NN	That someone would do a favor for you . "
tr	NN	" So we can eliminate the possibility of disgruntled musicians being the perpetrators here ? "
tr	NNS	After all , not every woman was offered thirty thousand dollars for two weeks of simply taking care of a pig .
tr	NN	Dinner comprised a rich venison stew filled with large savoury chunks of meat .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have no powers . "
tr	NNS	She had taken a few paces when she heard the shotgun blast and knew that her bovine victim had been slaughtered .
tr	NNS	We could not possibly have more interesting opportunities . "
tr	NN	" Dad , you can place the focus cap on or near the object being perceived . "
tr	NNS	" He 's made no objections that I know of . "
tr	NN	Together , they smash the painting from the frame .
tr	NN	" Sutton had a college fund .
tr	NN	She loved the hut filled with people and loud voices .
tr	NN	The natural bowl in the earth , and the thick trees on the edges , masked the firelight and sounds .
tr	NNS	" Can you do steaks ? "
tr	NN	Just days ago I was remembering her funeral .
tr	NN	Sometimes I just don ´ t know the meaning of laughter especially when we ´ re in high school .
tr	NN	" Natalie , please don 't ignore your health .
tr	NNS	She had so many different layers .
tr	NN	He is living proof that you don 't have to own a gun to be a ' mighty hunter . '
tr	NN	Minutes ticked by as impatience crawled up Blake 's spine .
tr	NN	The raven inspected the hallway clock with the practised eye of one who knows the value of good props .
tr	NN	Jack turned to face me , a slight smirk on his face .
tr	NN	" I read an article that said that you should change your locks periodically just to keep your family safe . "
tr	NN	She lifts a file from her briefcase and places it on Dusty 's desk .
tr	NN	She entered the lab a few hours ago , carrying a couple slices of fresh-baked bread wrapped in a napkin and a plastic container filled with soup .
tr	NN	I rehearsed my prepared speech as we stood there .
tr	NNS	He wore green goggles over his eyes , and the back of his long black coat thrashed about behind him like a cloak .
tr	NNS	The sacrifices they made definitely enlightened the scientists , allowing great strides in the medical and military fields .
tr	NN	I heard the echo of the single shot ring through all the land to create instant and ultimate silence .
tr	NN	Just like the first time , I felt the Earth tremble beneath the feet of their horses .
tr	NNS	Ashe flung T-shirts into the bag .
tr	NNS	I flexed my biceps and she grinned .
tr	NNS	" Where did you learn your skills ? "
tr	NN	Take his employer , for instance .
tr	NN	And he 'd developed a real touchy attitude about privacy , too , while he 'd been away .
tr	NN	As Scott crawled out from under the fuel tank , he heard the back screen door slam shut and Catherine 's footsteps overhead .
tr	NNS	They took the mattress and sheets from the caretaker 's bed and did what they could to make him comfortable . "
tr	NNS	The tortured roar bounced off the houses .
tr	NN	" May I invaded the inner sanctuary of Warrior football ? "
tr	NNS	" I often do good deeds around the palazzo .
tr	NN	Scott pulled the nozzle to start the shower .
tr	NNS	" I gave guided boat tours .
tr	NN	She was wearing an apron , and she 'd tied a kerchief around her head in a kind of turban .
tr	NNS	Some of them bounce television and radio signals across the rivers and the gaps .
tr	NN	She still wore her nightshirt .
tr	NNS	Although I was surprised by his gesture , I finally understood the strange markings on his arm .
tr	NNS	I can hear the engines winding down , so I know he has landed .
tr	NN	He remembered the hunger when he first awoke ; no vampire forgot that .
tr	NNS	I exchanged warm hugs with them before we were led to our table .
tr	NN	" And what favor do you want in return ? "
tr	NN	" She suffered depression , too ? "
tr	NNS	Then , he stepped backwards .
tr	NN	" Don 't burn that painting .
tr	NNS	My grandfather walks the forms to the nurses ' station and returns with a box .
tr	NN	" Can you imagine Richard cheating on me ? "
tr	NN	He looked down the hill to where a small cluster of houses stood .
tr	NN	If we can find proof , we 'll have leverage against him .
tr	NNS	He had been working these lands for many years and had had little trouble , so no reason for it to come now .
tr	NNS	Fitch received reports every hour from Dante and Joe Boy .
tr	NN	It guarded the western branch of a narrow pass and trade route connecting Egypt and Assyria .
tr	NNS	The solicitor shuffled the pages of his notes .
tr	NNS	We have agreements with all the print media and web news portals to only post pictures and articles supportive of the cause .
tr	NN	When her hand extended and she pointed toward the porch Jansen had the instant urge to get down on his knees and kiss the slender hand .
tr	NN	But she kept a running tally of her debts to her new employer .
tr	NN	His voice in her head brought a deep groan from her throat .
tr	NN	The Memphis Bar filled that void without fail .
tr	NNS	He gave her directions and she hung up .
tr	NNS	I 'm not taking any chances that he 's playing possum . "
tr	NN	I 'll do some digging and if anything turns up , I 'll let you know . "
tr	NN	He felt an odd sensation on his chin , and discovered that some of the spilled alcohol had started dissolving the glue that held his beard on .
tr	NNS	The woman took both stacks from him .
tr	NN	Fresh from the shower , he wore only a towel around his waist .
tr	NN	She took off her left shoe and her right .
tr	NN	He picked up a tree branch in which to fight off his attackers .
tr	NN	I scanned the lunchroom for Michael , giving a brief wave to our normal lunch table .
tr	NNS	They were just running blindly .
tr	NNS	With their problems sorted out , the two carried their buckets on their shoulders and headed back to town .
tr	NNS	It used its scales for locomotion , reaching and scraping its way along the hillside .
tr	NN	" We canvassed the neighborhood , all his favorite places . "
tr	NNS	" Why don 't we just buy leads from the regular sources ?
tr	NNS	" This will let out the sisters won 't it ? "
tr	NNS	She felt her nipples hardening as alarm jagged through her mind .
tr	NN	said the red-haired immortal .
tr	NN	But then he was pressing the hard cylinder of flesh into her and she felt her body stretch to accommodate it .
tr	NN	The trio continued through the guard tower , only to be spat out the other direction and inside the gates of the prison .
tr	NNS	He had never before seen that particular expression of outrage on her face , he realized dimly .
tr	NN	Tasted like crap but it was familiar .
tr	NN	The wall offered no purchase .
tr	NN	And thirdly , I 'm not exactly chopped liver .
tr	NNS	She gives a few wild claps .
tr	NN	" Come hold the towel nearby . "
tr	NNS	He could still feel bits of street grit on the front of his black tee-shirt .
tr	NNS	Jessie , who wasn 't bonded to Steve , but definitely had the hots for him .
tr	NNS	The dinosaur stomped back and forth a few paces .
tr	NNS	My own stupid fault , she thought dimly .
tr	NN	He was riding his motorcycle , which was preceded and followed by two black BMW X6 SUVs . "
tr	NN	Ricky let out a yell but succeeded in regaining his seat .
tr	NNS	" Um , all right , well just put the apples in your pack and I 'll collect those nuts over there . "
tr	NN	But as we branch out into friendship and on to love , so we see the other side stretch into enmity and hate .
tr	NN	" How would you like your steak ? "
tr	NN	" Anakin , at the start of the war , we faced defeat after defeat .
tr	NN	He lay inert as Blow Torch landed on the open area of the tower .
tr	NNS	It had rounded domes adorned with that white and green stone the Yew people seemed to like .
tr	NN	I -19 - badly needed a Plan -- Aunt Tabby was not going to get away with this .
tr	NN	" Where does he get the paint ? "
tr	NNS	Joan took several sharp breaths at the name .
tr	NNS	Her heart skipped several beats as she let her gaze slide from his handsome face down his torso and beyond .
tr	NNS	Dean took the country roads too fast .
tr	NN	If she ran , he would give chase .
tr	NNS	The lady simply makes too many assumptions . "
tr	NN	She fingered the towel .
tr	NN	" I don 't need another girl cheating on me . "
tr	NN	I have the good fortune as a shareholder to have access to a lot of private documents .
tr	NN	I 'll get a promotion recommendation that won 't be good for anything other than padding the bottom of the stack .
tr	NNS	" Why are you taking chances with her freedom now ?
tr	NNS	Fuck my brains out , Luke . "
tr	NN	Kyle then silently set the bat down so that he could better position himself .
tr	NNS	" So it won 't ruin my chances of getting in ? "
tr	NN	A clerk took the file and spread the documents over the table .
tr	NNS	' Have you lost the grey man 's tracks under all that ? '
tr	NN	" There has to be some mistake , " she whispered , her gaze landing on the coffee mug .
tr	NNS	" But , truthfully , I have some serious doubts .
tr	NN	She had a rebuke that couldn 't be quelled .
tr	NN	Sera 's head whacked the trunk of a tree right at the end of her roll , a perfect ending .
tr	NNS	Her palm struck the mattress , obviously as frustrated as he was with the situation .
tr	NNS	" Your boss made billions of credits by selling weapons in this war .
tr	NN	" Possessed , " the man said and frowned uncertainly , obviously not sure what to do now .
tr	NNS	Rifles at the ready , they carefully studied their surroundings but could see no signs of danger .
tr	NN	She continued her quest for a Christian life , made friends and formed a group .
tr	NN	Swiftly , I cleared the threshold of the portal and appeared right beside Nuru .
tr	NN	" You ready honey ?
tr	NN	She gave his fingers a momentary return squeeze before disengaging herself .
tr	NNS	For all we know , they could both be taking the blocks out of the same room . "
tr	NN	Colin scanned the foyer , his eyes suspicious .
tr	NN	She couldn 't hear the traffic or the birds .
tr	NN	I saw a fortune teller .
tr	NN	He clutched his belly and tilted his chair back .
tr	NNS	They evacuate tall buildings like that first . "
tr	NN	" Yeah , I met the little prick , too .
tr	NN	A few of the signs he understood the meaning of , but the others he owned were unknown to him .
tr	NN	Elle needed my protection , but I struggled to help her .
tr	NNS	I could almost see the wheels turning in his mind as he debated making a break for the door .
tr	NNS	" She has healing powers !
tr	NN	He 'd traded his uniform for a business suit , making the transition from soldier to consultant .
tr	NNS	We will take out two rebel combatant leaders and destroy as much rebel equipment and munitions as we can .
tr	NN	She could remember only a handful of times when her intuition failed her .
tr	NN	Like I said , ' go fish ' . "
tr	NNS	His collection contained scores of other books he had not himself authored , including bibles in both principle languages .
tr	NN	All who wish to shelter here will accord her the respect to which she is entitled as my consort .
tr	NN	" I do not need protection from these people .
tr	NN	The wood had been painted a dark hunter green , and the desk itself looked like it was covered in a giant doily .
tr	NN	Would I just be setting my own trap ?
tr	NNS	The Messenger grew dizzy from the motion of the globe .
tr	NN	I have one more topic for today and that revolves around the use of prisoners as labor .
tr	NNS	He patted his pockets , an instinctive act , as if he could find a key there to unlock this door .
tr	NN	It gave a convulsive leap that carried it in a spinning trajectory off the Lunar surface .
tr	NN	" Like I told you last night , Sam and I played football together . "
tr	NNS	She said , " I 'm sorry , " kissed Josh 's cheek then lifted the covers to climb out of bed .
tr	NNS	She sounded breathless and flirty .
tr	NN	Auron entered the wagon , wobbling , almost unable to walk due to his thigh wound and his back .
tr	NNS	Because of his grief he hadn 't noticed many of the police officers had mismatched uniforms .
tr	NN	I didn 't recognize the area code .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't need any special powers .
tr	NNS	We make bigger bombs , yes ? "
tr	NNS	Well , some of them had larger brains , but you know what I mean .
tr	NNS	Cade 's gentleness and passion aroused all the senses in her body .
tr	NNS	Joe B. had visions of a wild spraying shootout , ending with him falling through a window to the street miles below .
tr	NNS	To start the sequence , you rotate these two knobs . "
tr	NN	Pick u up @ 8 .
tr	NNS	Caroline 's mind was playing tricks .
tr	NNS	After all , he 'd spent countless centuries in this place and had sworn never to return once he 'd escaped .
tr	NNS	He had escape routes throughout the city , and all of those escape routes ran through the archaic sewer system .
tr	NN	He couldn 't control the effect she seemed to have on him , but he didn 't want it to stop either .
tr	NN	He rapped his knuckles on the rearview mirror .
tr	NNS	They have special cups here . "
tr	NN	His pants tightened over his thickening shaft .
tr	NNS	" How many patients are we talking about ? "
tr	NN	Worse yet , he recognized the god they swore fealty to .
tr	NN	The Messenger heard Nami pray this way before .
tr	NN	I need certainty so I wait .
tr	NNS	He then loaded the two spent crossbows in case of attack , and hung them from his shoulders .
tr	NN	At every critical juncture , he had supplied the breakthrough , the necessary understanding .
tr	NN	She caught his inflection and saluted .
tr	NNS	They 'd make mighty warriors one day and even better leaders .
tr	NNS	Once we get back to New York , you have your classes , your clinicals , and you 'll be graduating in a few months .
tr	NNS	It was nearest the heavens also .
tr	NNS	She turned and started up the bleachers .
tr	NNS	He scanned the surroundings again .
tr	NN	For once , turn the libido off and go after one of your usual lays . "
tr	NN	Nurse Winter released the brake on Sam 's bed so it could be moved .
tr	NN	He swung the butt of the gun down on the back of the woman 's skull knocking her unconscious and sending her sliding across the floor .
tr	NN	The gold necklace with the hanging charms of leaves and a heart , gave an elegantly striking contrast to the bright and airy white dress .
tr	NN	Oh , but God , I can 't take another rejection .
tr	NNS	Some had fangs and claws , horns and other protuberances .
tr	NN	He could savor cleanliness .
tr	NN	I quickly retrieved the third and final nail .
tr	NNS	" You just dial the settings . "
tr	NNS	Flynn stays a couple yards ahead of me and I watch his feet , stepping where he steps to avoid tripping .
tr	NN	I dropped my napkin onto the floor casually and bent down to pick it up , while doing my best to move , discreetly away from him .
tr	NN	Give me a sec to get back to prompt corner . '
tr	NN	" Have some faith in yourself .
tr	NNS	I 've got some solid grief counseling classes under my belt . "
tr	NNS	I would don night vision goggles to get that last dust bunny in the corner .
tr	NNS	But working through Helen meant apologies .
tr	NN	I ignored the dispatcher behind the desk , though she was looking at me curiously .
tr	NNS	Your father took your abilities away for months . "
tr	NNS	And each night , he takes my nightmares away .
tr	NNS	Still , all his Arch Mages ' had their own issues he did not concern himself with it .
tr	NN	" You should contact the hospice nurse or the doctor , like I said .
tr	NNS	" Working away adjusting insurance claims .
tr	NN	" Ah , Annabelle , thank goodness .
tr	NNS	He would take his chances into the next one because obviously the first had been a fluke .
tr	NNS	But I saw his texts ; he 's still into you .
tr	NNS	Tamara could see the wheels turning in Tom 's head .
tr	NNS	On the dance floor , on the stairs , even on some unlucky folks in the crowd .
tr	NN	Jack had sealed his fate : he would end his days in the freezing waters below him , all because he could not give up the loot .
tr	NNS	Then she considered the pillars .
tr	NNS	I respect your instincts , Louise .
tr	NNS	" They pulled your fingernails off . "
tr	NNS	" I have some errands to run and I wanted to get an early start . "
tr	NNS	Your men will find accommodations in the outer perimeter where tents have been erected for their use .
tr	NNS	I saw three wolves already down there , busy working on their weight machines .
tr	NNS	I even curl my eyelashes .
tr	NNS	They have caused the changes in us .
tr	NNS	I could see the slightest changes in people 's emotions , learning to mimic them when I was acting .
tr	NN	I do a little volunteering in LA , but only because it involves handling books , and I like books . "
tr	NN	" Once in them , yes that is fine , just use a towel as you enter for dignity . "
tr	NN	Catcher pulled a handful of business cards from his pocket and handed them over .
tr	NNS	" Black hole engines . "
tr	NNS	" Just stop tormenting Sofia . "
tr	NNS	The burger stand was situated five blocks above the Pier , facing the road that sloped down to meet the highway running parallel to the ocean .
tr	NNS	" I always honor business agreements .
tr	NN	He swatted my butt for the effort .
tr	NN	' I don 't want a promotion . '
tr	NNS	" For some kind of reason , I can manipulate molecules . "
tr	NNS	I pull my last two daggers from my wrists .
tr	NN	A new scent aroused my thirst .
tr	NNS	The gentle pressure of her hand on his arm soothed Winston 's jangling circuits .
tr	NNS	That guy gave me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	I will push my selfish fears aside and accept the bad with the good .
tr	NN	But for some reason , a shiver crawled up my spine all the same .
tr	NNS	They don 't give punishments to grandchildren !
tr	NN	He punched her pillow back to fluffy status .
tr	NNS	" The facility had decent meals , but I was afraid of what they could be putting in the food . "
tr	NN	I turn down one block , then another , where buildings are tagged with gang symbols .
tr	NNS	Andrew cleared away the cups while Aaron hunted down two more chairs .
tr	NN	I accept full responsibility for the Countess ' disappearance and her untimely demise .
tr	NN	" When they took Andre , they left the needle behind on the floor . "
tr	NN	He , on the other hand , had absolutely no problem spying on me .
tr	NN	Patrick felt his heart hammering against his rib cage .
tr	NN	The train slowly picked up speed , blue sparks spitting from the overhead conduit , as it pulled away towards the bridge .
tr	NN	It took all his willpower not to thrust against her .
tr	NNS	She dropped her music students and spent all of her time writing really sad love songs .
tr	NN	It was considered the height of sophisticated elegance if a man remembered not to scratch his crotch in public .
tr	NNS	Don 't take chances .
tr	NN	Juliette had complete faith in her cousin .
tr	NNS	He parted her folds , and allowed his thumb to circle her straining clit .
tr	NNS	He staggered backwards but didn 't fall .
tr	NNS	A group of immaculately made-up girls took cigarette packs out of their little chain-link quilted bags and lit up , talking on their tiny cell phones .
tr	NN	As they settled around the table , Margie suggested silent prayer .
tr	NNS	That required several trips , each taking more than an hour .
tr	NNS	He heard the citizens screaming for their lives beyond the tunnels .
tr	NNS	It took five attempts and a few choice words before the latch lifted and the doors came forward with a squeak of rusty hinges .
tr	NN	My father was already halfway up the rope by the time I got the courage to start climbing .
tr	NNS	She must drink milk and green vegetables and sleep often .
tr	NN	Candice picked up a handful of faded multi-colored casual shirts .
tr	NNS	Immediately his watch began beeping signals to run left or right as needed .
tr	NNS	" Leave prayers to the priests , my sister . "
tr	NN	The thing bumping her side poked her rib cage hard and pressed .
tr	NNS	I didn 't mind her constant rule changes because they never stuck for that long .
tr	NN	Arin made the same gesture .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths as I concentrated on the memory of my girl .
tr	NNS	How he hated her setting off on those cursed missions and not contacting him for days or weeks .
tr	NN	Garn caught a glimpse of Tasha looking very relieved , her face ashen and her eyes fixed on Hal 's back .
tr	NN	Its straining at the rope had caused the loose knot to give way a little .
tr	NNS	So I picked up some plastic fangs and body glitter on my way over to Jill 's .
tr	NNS	Kellan has never had issues with women , but when we moved in , he sure seemed to go through a dry spell . "
tr	NN	The Moral Law tells us the tune we have to play : our instincts are merely the keys .
tr	NNS	She trailed her palms down his chest , over his abs , which were so ripped she could count through the six pack .
tr	NN	Her eyes have a contagious gleam .
tr	NN	She heard her mother 's cheerful greeting as she spoke to the person at the other end of the line .
tr	NNS	You must understand the fears that are associated with the last time a numbered individual wanted Joan alone . "
tr	NN	She gave him a thumbs-up to show her understanding .
tr	NN	He could feel her skin heating up in embarrassment and he nuzzled her neck even more , but only to hide his smile .
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	" Evan loves chocolate ice cream and anything that flies .
tr	NN	She was clutching a newborn infant in her arms .
tr	NN	While I 'm not saying the individual does not exist , I personally know nobody who is obsessed with his or her waste output .
tr	NN	Tanu has an impeccable reputation .
tr	NN	I stopped my swing with my feet and ran over to her , fully expecting there to be blood gushing out of her nose and mouth .
tr	NNS	She passed the two gentlemen but looked back , her eyes wide , when Hart didn 't move .
tr	NNS	He looked at me a few beats .
tr	NN	He had an urge to warn her , but that was a submariner up there .
tr	NNS	I take honors classes .
tr	NN	Kylie let out a groan , punched her pillow , and pulled the covers over her head .
tr	NNS	Those pants cost her seventy-five dollars .
tr	NN	She studied every detail of the two items for several minutes , listing the properties of each and explained popular theories , right and wrong .
tr	NN	The admission coupled with the imploring look in his eyes made her heart squeeze , then open .
tr	NNS	But I wasn 't takin ' no chances .
tr	NNS	Its door standing open , knocked off one hinge in ominous testament to the fact that someone had aggressively barged inside .
tr	NNS	And then you eat the sausages ? '
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers back and deposited her in the middle of her bed , pulling the covers over her nude form .
tr	NN	They 'll all stand trial . "
tr	NNS	When I 'd have happy hour with Geraldine , we took two camp chairs . "
tr	NN	I added the jewelry and clothes carefully into the sack , hid it behind my bed , and pulled on my soft leather riding boots .
tr	NNS	The burning smell of hair and flesh immediately attacked my senses .
tr	NN	" Wel ... " " I have another possibility , and it 's regarding Crista Galli . "
tr	NN	The guys have varied success with Mr. Cameron 's clothes .
tr	NNS	In very short order , he wrapped his powerful jaws about the vampire 's neck , sinking his teeth into the man 's throat .
tr	NNS	She had a few more classes to teach .
tr	NNS	Before he could go on , his ears picked up footfalls at the end of the corridor .
tr	NN	" I 've seen the error of my ways . "
tr	NNS	The red and blue and gold wool she was winding made bright splashes on her brown cotton gown .
tr	NN	The brutality of our world can shake any man 's faith -- even in what he most strongly believes .
tr	NN	" She 's American , you daft bugger .
tr	NN	I set the microwave timer to three minutes , waiting for my food to heat .
tr	NN	I imagined his turmoil dealing with a condition that he hadn 't asked for .
tr	NN	I was making a pot roast the other day and almost picked up the phone to invite them over .
tr	NN	Speaking of friends , can I ask a favor ? "
tr	NN	His finger traced down my spine to my tailbone and through the crease , followed the string of the thong .
tr	NNS	Ares and Nike got directions to a stream that ran through a nearby tunnel and soon returned with fish .
tr	NNS	" Of late , I 've heard a great many worst-case scenarios presented .
tr	NNS	I don 't want my powers drained . "
tr	NN	Her very nearness aroused his hunger .
tr	NNS	We have notified your professors that you will not be attending classes , and you are not allowed back in Combat for the rest of the week .
tr	NN	Even the horses had armour .
tr	NN	Due to his excitement , Julio brushed aside the possibility that she might not even show up in the beginning of his furious planning .
tr	NN	He gave me a leveling gaze .
tr	NNS	I thought back to that night , tucked into the alcove with Caden ... those deep pools that were his eyes , pulling me in .
tr	NN	He watched the hunter back slowly away from him .
tr	NN	" I also have a platter of food in my car for you , too .
tr	NNS	Detectives are warning citizens that Malcolm is armed and dangerous and asks that any information as to his whereabouts be reported to the LAPD hotline immediately .
tr	NN	I could see the rune for shifting , the rune for shaping , and the rune for rock .
tr	NNS	They 'd had meetings about stranger things before .
tr	NNS	Is seems fitting though , don 't you think , the deeds of our formation required at our dissolution ?
tr	NN	We will take out the coffin , and then we have four bearers with us , and you will follow the coffin first .
tr	NNS	They might as well skip the motions of going through the trial and just tell him his sentence .
tr	NN	" He has a very long crowbar with a point on one end .
tr	NNS	I pulled the covers up over my head so the vampire would take the hint that I didn 't want to discuss the incident .
tr	NN	She pointed out each feature with a slim forefinger .
tr	NN	He tossed the used cloth aside and crawled up to lie beside me , pulling me into his arms as he did .
tr	NNS	He drew blanks , as they had not sold any for a long time and decided to stop carrying stock .
tr	NN	Frustratingly , a Starbucks Boy never wears a name tag , so you just have to imagine his name is Dalton or Troy or Dylan .
tr	NNS	" Vinnie carries extras in case of malfunction during your outings .
tr	NNS	I saw their mouths moving , but I heard nothing .
tr	NN	" How did you know the password ? "
tr	NN	Moving to the record player on my bureau , I place the needle on it and Beethoven 's Moonlight Sonata comes on .
tr	NN	The police had the culprit in custody .
tr	NNS	Why would she hide her assets and mislead them about her ability to travel freely ?
tr	NN	They show great respect for the Rose . "
tr	NNS	" All immortals have special powers ? "
tr	NN	Among this crowd You will stay A Man , and Man be proud - carrying Your badge of flesh .
tr	NNS	I noticed the plates of food on the tables surrounding us , and I closed my eyes and breathed in .
tr	NNS	As she drove those last few hundred yards to the turn-off her subconscious weighed the pros and cons of making that left turn .
tr	NN	That scared the crap out of me ?
tr	NN	She had drawn a thick pentagram on her arm , covered by her sleeve .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to back up .
tr	NN	" Did you notice his eye patch ? "
tr	NNS	The sooner we cut our losses and move on the better . '
tr	NNS	In her 30s , with a small child at home , Arianna sold her powers to support herself and her child .
tr	NN	" Says the lawyer . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't bring any rags .
tr	NNS	Cold folk have two cubs , always .
tr	NN	New York didn 't even send a delegation to the original Convention and New Hampshire 's delegation walked out and went home .
tr	NNS	I saw arrangements of roses , daisies , lilies , and that about did it for my knowledge of flowers .
tr	NNS	" Don 't try putting it back together , I wrecked the insides doing that .
tr	NN	" You mean that was the venison we ate tonight , that big buck ? "
tr	NN	Skyler 's fingers twisted together , a small betrayal of her nervousness .
tr	NNS	He was already having enough difficulties ; he didn 't need his father regaling him with horror stories just before his wedding .
tr	NNS	" Denise lost half a million dollars .
tr	NNS	Thomas had felt nauseous the entire evening .
tr	NN	Drew made a dash for the door , falling rigidly to the floor before he was halfway there .
tr	NN	Corky gave a casual shrug .
tr	NN	I also have a proposal for a new course of action .
tr	NN	Hunter thrust his rifle over his shoulder and placed his hands on his hips .
tr	NN	Camille grabbed a pillow from the nearby chair and threw it at the door .
tr	NNS	I answered the correct responses .
tr	NN	But she couldn 't let Angie mourn by herself upstairs , while she sat here at the kitchen table feeling more alone than she had in years .
tr	NNS	Helen had mentioned the basics - stakes , sunlight , blood - but she 'd avoided the metaphysics .
tr	NN	Were eco-friendly approaches to carpet manufacturing currently the norm ?
tr	NNS	The king found this most humorous and they both had a hearty laugh .
tr	NNS	but her brain issued loud warning signals .
tr	NN	She can 't even handle a simple gesture like flowers from us .
tr	NN	She and the baby would not last another fortnight unless she sought help .
tr	NN	She could feel his sorrow and worry for his oldest brother .
tr	NN	He releases the lightest growl as he breaks free .
tr	NN	She lifts the umbrella at the first step and discovers that the wind is persisting and that in the wind it has become a kind of sail .
tr	NN	I 'd forced a reunion on her -- I wouldn 't force her to talk until she was ready .
tr	NN	You have the intelligence , the stability , the toughness .
tr	NN	And that spelled disaster .
tr	NN	The flat surface that stood dwarfed beside the cube and that had been completely devoid of content now carried the test pod .
tr	NNS	The sea people tipped their spears before her , pouring gold and amber into her lap .
tr	NN	Near the front door , she unearthed a package of AA batteries behind an overturned magazine rack .
tr	NNS	Lightning bolts hit the cruiser 's shields and ricocheted wildly in all directions .
tr	NN	I found sanctuary in the passenger 's seat of the sedan .
tr	NN	He felt her stiffen in his arms seconds before she let out a cry of pleasure , then she started pulsing around him .
tr	NNS	Pinckney hitched up his slacks : a new pair -- the only ones that still fit .
tr	NNS	Of the beings that were riding the dragons ?
tr	NN	Once more , I resisted the impulse to reach out to her .
tr	NNS	I asked the crouched maids .
tr	NNS	" I 'll give you some examples .
tr	NN	I took the pen and drew a similar sized circle around my flat .
tr	NNS	She should have all the disks burned by tomorrow .
tr	NNS	" But you 're only using two needles .
tr	NN	Betty set the appointment and sent the address to Jason 's calendar as well as his chauffer 's so they would both know where to go .
tr	NNS	Murky legal waters and all that . "
tr	NN	Before marriage , together , we penned down a constitution of our marriage for both of us to follow .
tr	NNS	Charles moved a few paces away .
tr	NNS	The nurse nodded and gave some directions , clearly relieved to have been able to help .
tr	NN	" I allowed envy to poison me . "
tr	NN	She made a beckoning gesture .
tr	NN	Marcus felt his heart leap into his mouth .
tr	NN	" You really have accumulated quite a fortune , Andrew .
tr	NN	Lancaster didn 't seek my counsel but informed me that he wanted yours , Ian .
tr	NN	I bite the pillow to keep from crying out too loud .
tr	NNS	During his imprisonment , Harry had heard the dogs being fed , but he had not seen them .
tr	NNS	And eating peaches and carrying a big-ass knife ?
tr	NNS	I slowed my movements , making sure she was okay with this before I lost myself once more .
tr	NN	" I have felt affection for Brice for a long time , Gabriel .
tr	NN	Melanie and Diana discussed the possibility of making a crystal pendulum designed to seek out traces of " white energy " the tools might be giving off .
tr	NNS	" They put down their burdens .
tr	NN	At first , Vale ignored the nurse who brought him his food .
tr	NN	She showed me a humanity I longed to return to .
tr	NNS	She only took a few drops of his blood , just enough to control him .
tr	NN	I pulled off the highway and parked my car in front of the building .
tr	NNS	Caitlin , though , like so many of us , finds Alex 's thinly veiled requests to be needed irritatingly patronizing .
tr	NN	Looking up my body he bit my inner thigh and I jumped a little .
tr	NN	He hadn 't felt the torment of being the hunted since the Salem Witch Trials .
tr	NNS	The first few explosions sent thick black clouds from the smoke stack but after only a few seconds the engine ran smoothly and quietly .
tr	NN	They all began digging in , but he noticed that most of them were still staring at the head table .
tr	NN	He sensed the new attendant staring at him .
tr	NNS	We all have our priorities . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't wait too long Andrea .
tr	NNS	" Order me two fully assembled mountain bikes .
tr	NNS	" Take deep breaths . "
tr	NNS	Four of them had bayonets resting inches above our throats , begging us to resist them in some way .
tr	NN	" You hold the key Lyssa to a door that has been closed for too long .
tr	NNS	I can only remember certain bits of my childhood .
tr	NNS	Now can you tell us if you keep old paperwork on file from people who 've rented lockers in the past ? "
tr	NNS	It had some weird numbers on it , which he didn 't understand .
tr	NN	" Mr. Harper , with the administrator as an enemy , you will need a powerful ally .
tr	NN	I pressed the speaker function on the phone set .
tr	NN	She traced the sinuous curving of the thick veins that coursed the rigid length .
tr	NNS	And Cas and Uther have heard your tales over the years , sooooo ... no .
tr	NN	I brought my iPod .
tr	NNS	Once she pushed away the cattails she could see the little shallow pools near the edge where koi fish swam .
tr	NNS	She smelled more Shifters than just Sean and Jared .
tr	NN	He looked up and down the shoreline for any sign of Astrid .
tr	NN	To find a purpose and challenge that will make your whole body tremble with excitement that you 've never dreamed of .
tr	NN	" Cut the crap and take your place ! "
tr	NNS	P.D. hesitated , looked at the pretty girl next to him , and decided going to check on his younger brother might earn him some points .
tr	NNS	" Half the kids only need half the supplies .
tr	NNS	Also , I had about three iced coffees , so I am pretty buzzed right now . "
tr	NN	He kissed her hungrily while he thrust deeper and deeper .
tr	NNS	He remembers Victoria 's silences , her uneasiness , continuous outbursts .
tr	NN	The scientist then flipped a clasp onto its lock and pulled the lever tight , forcing prongs into holes and securing the thing to the patient .
tr	NNS	Jane put three sandwiches on a plate and tossed them in the microwave .
tr	NNS	He held his palms open behind him and waited .
tr	NNS	Bring the subjects and the items , and I 'll also want several cauldrons of boiling water .
tr	NNS	The reflection of miniaturized light plays tricks .
tr	NNS	Maybe we should check out those cameras now , and whatever is blocking those communications ? "
tr	NNS	You 've got hidden desires for him , no ? "
tr	NNS	She had known the basics since she was a child .
tr	NN	Moss rounded the low railing , bowed deeply , and sat in the accompanying chair .
tr	NNS	We pull our mouths apart , breathless and full of desire .
tr	NNS	This scandal involves several major U.S. corporations breaking the law .
tr	NNS	I won 't , however , forgive his repeated lies after the explosion .
tr	NN	" Before you do that , I have a favor to ask . "
tr	NN	He told the waiter he would take coffee and a brandy in the lounge bar and perhaps he would arrange for it to be brought to him .
tr	NN	The painkillers had a hallucinogen effect .
tr	NN	Fingers of alarm tracked down her spine .
tr	NNS	The last time I gambled , I won fifty bucks .
tr	NN	" That bird you had ? "
tr	NN	Coach has a big announcement to make , and today 's the last class before tryouts for varsity . "
tr	NN	" You know the exhibit on sea monsters that we saw at the museum ? "
tr	NN	" What the devil was she doing waving it around as she was ? "
tr	NN	But did they really mean any great harm with all their fussy little intrigues ?
tr	NNS	Teach more advanced students .
tr	NNS	' I have already identified the main business leaders in the city and allocated 24 hour security for them with immediate effect .
tr	NNS	When he blinked , Perry only saw the whites of his eyes .
tr	NNS	The deal was she has to fight tonight , but if she wins , I get five hundred dollars . "
tr	NN	I felt his misery and wished for death .
tr	NNS	I 'll take the dogs .
tr	NNS	" Have you lost your wits ?
tr	NNS	Make arrangements to have Michele sent home . "
tr	NNS	He can 't even handle low level politics ! "
tr	NN	Marco , give me the dossier . "
tr	NN	You want an aspirin ?
tr	NNS	Thomas stumbled back and into a large display case full of crystal dragon figurines .
tr	NN	They 'd just been given a glimpse into how Kelly had had to parent her own mother .
tr	NNS	I 'd never seen gems used in flooring before , but it was gorgeous .
tr	NN	" I seek the Path so that my eyes may be opened to the Light . "
tr	NN	But I 've got an appointment at the Department of Magic . "
tr	NNS	" They lost their families too . "
tr	NNS	We will keep energy prices at a moderate level , where the people are happy , but we can earn substantial profits .
tr	NNS	And she 'd seen naked statues .
tr	NNS	Still , it only moved a few inches .
tr	NNS	When he called to it it came nearer .
tr	NNS	" Get theater chairs for here and a couple of oversized bean bags to go between those chairs and the TV .
tr	NNS	He 'd read a few issues and acknowledged that every once in a while they did print an interesting story .
tr	NN	How could she remember only a basic sketch of the other men she 'd dated , even Roland , yet recall every detail of Jonah 's body ?
tr	NNS	Right away , he saw the fruits of that minute labor .
tr	NNS	" I lead Dark Plains !
tr	NNS	Even the four-poster king-size bed had gold velvet drapes and gold quilted jacquard bedding .
tr	NN	Her assistance made it a less difficult task , if not a less wretched one .
tr	NN	Sandalwood shampoo , conditioner , and soap .
tr	NNS	It produced vibrant red roses -- but if more than one plant got near each other , they started to entangle themselves .
tr	NN	Cruise suppressed a groan : Stone was back .
tr	NNS	Adel says half drunk and he motions with his hand to call him .
tr	NNS	They don 't want the payments . "
tr	NN	" I plead the fifth . "
tr	NN	Simon gulped down some hot cocoa and smacked his lips .
tr	NN	He 'd buy out the lease and be on his way and never think of Madison Lieberman again .
tr	NNS	We 'd had some other issues to work out the last few weeks and had spent very little time here .
tr	NNS	By daily exercising his senses to discern both good and evil .
tr	NNS	We must have more patrols to ensure the safety of messengers and merchants .
tr	NN	Did he have an artifact or something they wanted ? "
tr	NN	The sun has already begun its descent to darkness .
tr	NN	They saw a massive structure of stairs and various black metal doors .
tr	NN	" Go find your treasure , honey . "
tr	NNS	And how can you like surprises ?
tr	NNS	From your soliciting possible clients and writing about investment opportunities . "
tr	NNS	But the government was getting desperate , rounding up scientists by force , and we were wary of revealing ourselves by becoming part of a larger group .
tr	NN	Jackson resisted the urge to pull his own hair out .
tr	NN	What goddamn mineral 's worth all this ?
tr	NNS	They will catch any lies , and from these they will extract the truth .
tr	NN	I expected a handful of results ; instead there was page after page again .
tr	NN	Ashley , either because she was transient or because she 'd been deemed skeptical , got the historical version .
tr	NN	Maybe use tape for the first scene and film for this one .
tr	NNS	Next came the muffled shots of the rifle and the sharper cracks of a pistol .
tr	NNS	He could still see her nipples through the thin material of her blouse so he knew she was as affected by their nearness as he was .
tr	NN	It takes no stretch of imagination to guess that something went wrong .
tr	NNS	" Show some balls and do this ! "
tr	NN	I twisted the knob , opened the door , and stepped into the room .
tr	NN	He followed the long , twisting passageway to the large central chamber .
tr	NN	I also do some trapping for meat and hides , but that 's in the fall and winter . "
tr	NN	She just have a talent for loneliness .
tr	NN	He enjoyed their friendly banter , joking around with her came easy .
tr	NNS	" Dave , I didn 't know you wanted powers .
tr	NN	One night as I got up to use the washroom , I had a weird sensation I was being watched .
tr	NN	Some slices off the boar and a tankard of your good brown ale would do for us .
tr	NN	Then I shift my left thigh , kneecap , leg and foot stretching the crunched muscles down to my boot toes .
tr	NNS	He stopped his Vampires from going there a long time ago , though some have managed to slip under his radar , but they never returned .
tr	NN	Lizzie took the toddler into the kitchen and found some crackers to keep her occupied .
tr	NN	A chill went down his spine at words that seemed oddly prophetic .
tr	NN	Shane kissed her temple , her cheek and the tip of her nose .
tr	NN	I 've got no problem havin ' a job .
tr	NNS	He 's certainly got the hots for you though . '
tr	NNS	The CIA doesn 't tail private American citizens for the fun of it .
tr	NNS	He walked fifty yards further and then back ... .
tr	NNS	Thomas , Noll has connections , and if he offers help , it would be wise to accept . "
tr	NN	They caught the volunteer working the front desk between bites of her sandwich .
tr	NN	" Sarah had the most awful row with Joe .
tr	NNS	I don 't touch my models , I don 't screw the models , and I don 't use the same model more than once .
tr	NN	And he wasn 't wearing a bullet-proof vest .
tr	NNS	But first , those psychic shields . "
tr	NNS	Ever since Olivia had started to recover , she 'd been designing and sewing quilts for her grandchildren .
tr	NNS	Nestor counted thirty vessels and then stopped .
tr	NNS	She wouldn 't have sent him those texts just to try to get his attention .
tr	NNS	I have no domestic skills whatsoever . "
tr	NN	She grabbed the receiver , praying that somehow the loan officer had recognized the error of his ways and was calling to offer her a loan .
tr	NN	Her primary responsibility was monitoring the traffic between domestic government agencies and military units , searching for potential security breaches and evidence of espionage .
tr	NN	" They took a shine to us .
tr	NNS	His eyes had that familiar hardness to them that most of the policeman had .
tr	NN	An hour and fifteen minutes later , the Lear began its descent into Baltimore - Washington International Airport .
tr	NNS	Among other things , it can trigger hallucinations and nightmares . "
tr	NN	Janey extended a martini to her then , and she took it with a quick nod of thanks .
tr	NN	What if he had no patience with her , no time ?
tr	NNS	The demon bared its greenish fangs .
tr	NN	He had the puzzle almost completed , which showed he knew almost as much as me in this area .
tr	NN	The house kit was stolen off the siding . "
tr	NNS	Afraid to leave him , she waved away all offers of replacing her , even those so that she might sleep or eat .
tr	NNS	I got some mad skills too .
tr	NN	Ryan appreciated the gesture , but there was only one person he needed to talk to right now .
tr	NN	Underage purchase of alcohol .
tr	NNS	In the mass below him , several held torches that lit the ground .
tr	NNS	Guards at the exit points gave the thumbs up and so both teams could make a quick exit back to Westminster station .
tr	NN	" Just the usual crap . "
tr	NNS	You could still eat something rotten and test this belief . "
tr	NNS	My stomach was doing flip flops and my heart was beating a mile a minute .
tr	NNS	At the top of the hill Rachel made motions to part ways .
tr	NNS	Tethered , a little like ghosts . "
tr	NNS	Perhaps he inherited his talents and disposition from his mother , though he wasn 't certain .
tr	NN	" Umm , I can 't take complete credit . "
tr	NNS	If the wind had not shifted since yesterday , they had favorable conditions for their run .
tr	NNS	But if we delay , Hale Industries ' stock will drop another twenty points . "
tr	NN	Black and purple striped leggings and a pair of six-inch platform combat boots completed her odd outfit .
tr	NN	Minutes later the coffee was exuding its invigorating aroma through the camp and bacon sizzled in the pan .
tr	NNS	Blake 's eyes never left her breasts .
tr	NNS	She read the menu items with a perfect French accent and when the server came to take their order she conducted her conversation in that melodic language .
tr	NNS	" My father survived nine assassination attempts .
tr	NNS	" You 're watching the airplanes to make sure nothing falls off .
tr	NNS	She slid off her sandals , wary of tracking dirt into his spotless house .
tr	NNS	Let 's leave the dogs in the kitchen . "
tr	NN	He promptly grabbed the sniper rifle and threw it onto the ground next to Gerry .
tr	NN	I wipe the slime from my face with my sleeve and I can see the girl smiling at me while I do it .
tr	NNS	" We 're closing the slopes .
tr	NN	The man took joy in handing others their death .
tr	NNS	She only saw the huge talons and a sharp beak that she knew could tear through flesh like a razor blade opening a box .
tr	NN	Ignoring the way Staffan 's shoulders were rocking with silent laughter , she said weakly , " Yes , fish .
tr	NNS	Gosh , I hate hospitals , but right now it might be Jay 's only saving grace so I should be thankful .
tr	NNS	He strained his optical sensors .
tr	NNS	But being dead had done wonders for his reputation .
tr	NNS	He constructed hospitals for animals and he renovated roads .
tr	NN	He was dressed simply , a black t-shirt and dark denim jeans ending in a pair of worn but comfortable looking boots .
tr	NN	Sign up here Claim A Dangerous Man # 3 by Serena Grey Teaser " MAY I DRIVE NOW ? "
tr	NN	For once , Amanda didn 't take pity on him .
tr	NN	Colleen shook her head fervently .
tr	NN	The security man switched off the spare monitor .
tr	NN	The sun has finished its descent .
tr	NNS	We 've barely covered the ﬁrst four metals .
tr	NNS	" Then how does he make judgments and rulings ? "
tr	NN	I gave Nick a sideways smirk .
tr	NN	' Well - ' said the Sphinx .
tr	NNS	As for other biological material ... The Hab has sophisticated toilets .
tr	NNS	The old servant uttered some prayers in Latin , and crossed himself , which surprised me , but the young man with me appeared fearless and defiant .
tr	NN	Gently she placed the picture frame back on the shelf .
tr	NN	Yes , he could continue his hobby of astronomy and yes , he could keep his Elvis Presley records .
tr	NN	She let out a groan of disappointment , but it quickly cut off as I began cupping and kneading her ass .
tr	NN	I kept the faith . "
tr	NN	Not that his partners hadn 't gotten his absolute respect and regard , but he 'd gone in knowing there was no emotional involvement .
tr	NN	" You shouldn 't read that crap . "
tr	NNS	Joe walked down the hallways of the hospital .
tr	NN	" I 'm following my Queen 's command .
tr	NN	Unable to wait for her , I disregarded all table etiquette , mentally apologizing to my mother , and dug into the pile of pasta before me .
tr	NNS	I had just replaced the borrowed items on the bookshelf when the office door opened and he walked in .
tr	NN	He is missing one front tooth .
tr	NN	The more he thought , the more he distrusted his assistant of eight years .
tr	NNS	I had a million different scenarios going through my head .
tr	NN	He withdrew his c * ck and then slammed his h * ps to hers , the wall behind her protesting with a creak .
tr	NN	She had replaced the gag after assuring him that she would do what she could to rescue him .
tr	NN	Toby 's pen hovered over item five , ' Inland Revenue ' .
tr	NN	Hey did you see his diamond tie clip ?
tr	NN	" We 've got the justice of the peace booked from noon until half past .
tr	NN	I could give a fuck about his clients .
tr	NN	Kate opened a drawer in the kitchen and came back with a needle and candle .
tr	NNS	Guilt drew creases on my forehead .
tr	NN	She recognized the suffocating sensation from the kitchen and began to panic at the lack of oxygen .
tr	NN	" I will have some privacy !
tr	NN	She opened the fridge and asked , " Do we have anything I can eat while I watch TV ?
tr	NNS	She places her palms against her draining eyes , cradling her forehead and cries deeply and mournfully .
tr	NNS	Perhaps because of her strong feelings for him , Nikki felt the emptiness that much more .
tr	NNS	I want all my clients to feel welcome , because they all are . "
tr	NNS	" So you have two dogs ? "
tr	NNS	She 'd rip off their goddamn noses with her teeth if they tried anything .
tr	NNS	Had withstood far worse insults without turning a hair .
tr	NN	Oh my gosh , we could get out of here a whole semester early ?
tr	NNS	Most people only see the fine houses , the fancy clothes , and all the bowing and scraping by lesser nobles .
tr	NN	Weary but determined , I scooted along a heavy branch stretching underneath the attic window .
tr	NN	Mind and heart racing , Kali eased off the sofa .
tr	NNS	Misty took the cubs into her office and set them on the desk .
tr	NN	" Perfect timing , Denny ; we have to roll or I 'm going to be late . "
tr	NN	She smothered a yawn .
tr	NN	He 'd left his pistol tucked in the stack of lumber .
tr	NN	" I assure you , madam , I feel the hunger on him .
tr	NN	He kissed her temple , and said , " Whatever happens , we 'll get through it together . "
tr	NN	" It does suck . "
tr	NN	" Mr. Hayes doesn 't have an assistant .
tr	NNS	I have two large dogs but they 're not allowed to leave the yard and stay locked inside the gate .
tr	NNS	It divided the elvish lands and the human lands and were so tall no one could cross them .
tr	NN	We can pack the battery in the camera and he can disperse the spheres that way . "
tr	NNS	A few soldiers even joined the ranks of the servants !
tr	NNS	Chapter Thirteen By Sunday morning Danica had two new clients and a great idea of where to take Michelle .
tr	NN	I started the video when he got behind the bar and filmed him as he worked .
tr	NNS	" I 've got our leads , don 't worry . "
tr	NN	Most of us ... did not have occasion to speak with women . "
tr	NN	He grimaced his distaste at her exaggeration .
tr	NNS	Don 't mind the bees ?
tr	NN	And Wyrm will enjoy yet another pang of vengeance as your beloved humanity is lost .
tr	NNS	Sarah started feeling dizzy , but dug her feet hard into the floor to secure herself .
tr	NN	So , to recap , I 'm getting the impression that over time your relationship with Spalding and his little agency became somewhat strained . "
tr	NNS	I see pyramids and jungles ; one photo shows Quickly in front of the Golden Gate Bridge that is still under construction .
tr	NN	But target practice is not wasting ammo .
tr	NN	" If my ex 's got together they would most likely take up a collection to hire a hit man .
tr	NNS	I sigh and feel the panic begin to leak from my body as my eyes sweep the familiar surroundings .
tr	NNS	Flashes of light overwhelmed my senses , pictures of moments lost to time .
tr	NNS	And know that your hammer will pass unto your sons . "
tr	NN	As Snake points out , it 'll need electricity .
tr	NNS	But he made no attempts to go with Roland and me , just as I 'd thought .
tr	NN	She gave the thong a yank and Mab tried to pull away .
tr	NN	Her body lay trapped beneath Adrien 's , a puddle of sensation , of satisfaction , of contentment .
tr	NNS	At this time I have no further data on what he might be up to .
tr	NN	" Did you actually see your brother enter number twenty-seven ? "
tr	NN	I have not seen his passport .
tr	NN	On unsteady legs , I wrapped a towel around me and tried to soak up most of the wetness from my hair .
tr	NNS	Besides , he had bigger issues at the moment .
tr	NN	He suffered a pang of doubt when they got to the bridge .
tr	NNS	I only studied Japanese for a year in my high school , and that was four years ago . "
tr	NN	I felt the wide smirk forming on my lips , and pulled Ken from the ground as our blades vanished out from the sight .
tr	NN	I used the restroom and bought hot chocolate , never so grateful for a warm cup in my hands .
tr	NN	He pointed down the terminal .
tr	NN	she said faintly , the rosy color leaving her cheeks in a hurry .
tr	NN	i 'll meet u for a quick Rex : A quick what ?
tr	NN	He felt her pulse leap frantically at the base of her neck and his finger continued its journey .
tr	NN	As it was Isis was already on a mission , questioning my pregnancy .
tr	NN	Lexie 's smile brightens the universe .
tr	NN	From the ruby , she watched a bolt of lightning come straight at her !
tr	NN	I have no real proof , but just call it intuition if you wish .
tr	NNS	He had buckets of acid poised to drop .
tr	NNS	He plunged his fangs into my shoulder .
tr	NNS	The answer lacked the usual cheerfulness that Julie always had , which was strange for Lea .
tr	NN	His eyes wander over the vast lab , trying to grasp the enormity of the facility he 's heard so much about .
tr	NNS	They would hoist the skeletal remains of a person up , and then toss it into the back of the trash truck .
tr	NNS	Another few weeks until I could see Eris again .
tr	NNS	You have killed your own citizens , your own children , and your own civilization .
tr	NN	This man was forgetting all protocol and also just who he was , but it must be important , he reasoned .
tr	NN	Things he had no claim on .
tr	NN	He 'd be getting a new nickname now ... Zipper Face !
tr	NN	She grabbed a package of cigarettes from the desk and lit up with shaky , nervous fingers .
tr	NN	He screwed the cap back on and stuffed the bottle between his thighs .
tr	NNS	She 'd never had the emotional ingredients for it until now .
tr	NNS	She placed the roses on his headstone , touching the cold stone with a gentle fingertip .
tr	NNS	My father did not have any sons so I feel like I please him by showing him that I can be a reliable substitute .
tr	NN	His smile stretched taunt across his porcelain face as he brushed his thick raven hair from his face .
tr	NN	She wore a white blouse with a black bolero jacket , a black , tight-fitting skirt , and shiny high-top black boots .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is this ? "
tr	NN	This helps the diner , and I 'm sure Josie will have a crowd at the Spirits and Spurs tonight .
tr	NNS	He kisses my ribs , one by one , painfully working his way to my bellybutton and my body wilts under the magic of his mouth .
tr	NNS	But then I jus ' had this dream , an ' I was right back there wif my udder babies .
tr	NN	Without tremble , he performed the task with care .
tr	NN	I dropped my fork and felt my heart skip a beat , then it went into a gallop .
tr	NNS	I have chores that need tending and a wedding to see to , and I can 't accomplish anything if the help is in the yard .
tr	NN	She suspected the latter , and it hurt .
tr	NNS	His hands cradled my breasts , and he squeezed them tenderly .
tr	NNS	She picked up her knives and moved to get up , but suddenly Hiro slammed his foot down on her back , making her collapse again .
tr	NN	She lit the stove and placed the pot on it .
tr	NNS	Her breathing went shallow at the thought .
tr	NN	" You may feel a little dizzy after we transport , but that 's normal I guess .
tr	NNS	She folded her damp palms , one on top of the other .
tr	NN	" Do not overestimate my affection or loyalty .
tr	NNS	You 'll get those contracts when you 're ready for them . "
tr	NN	Trevor followed Duke 's example and threw Mass Manipulator over his shoulder , probably not quite knowing what we were doing .
tr	NNS	Tommy and Larry finished their cigarettes and then pluck two more from the pack .
tr	NNS	They carried out the chairs and found Silk waiting for them .
tr	NNS	He only has empty crates to go by .
tr	NNS	" And new concepts , like mathematics .
tr	NNS	It spoke volumes , revealing what she believed as a truth : she murdered one so the other could live .
tr	NN	Warm lips trailed down Paige 's spine , weaving in and out of a hazy dream of lying on a tropical beach with Trent .
tr	NN	" Awfully big hail ... That would hurt if you didn 't have a helmet on . "
tr	NN	I 've known sorrow too .
tr	NN	" Why did you watch that tape ?
tr	NNS	" So , you ever done tequila shots before ? "
tr	NNS	Some of us seen the tracks .
tr	NNS	His crooked smile melted her insides .
tr	NN	" You killed the boar ? "
tr	NNS	Renata took just two shots -- each hitting its target with unerring accuracy .
tr	NN	Claire resisted the urge to check the contents .
tr	NN	" Cut the crap , Gerard . "
tr	NNS	Closing his eyes for a second , he willed his insides to settle .
tr	NNS	He had taken so many foul shots in his driveway and countless gyms throughout Long Island that the process was as routine as brushing his teeth .
tr	NNS	Up there he could survey his surroundings .
tr	NNS	Her father 's experiment had opened their brains to continuous assaults from the people around them , and they needed the home and training Lily provided .
tr	NNS	Nik gave her several areas to explore , already thinking along the lines she 'd traveled down during the day .
tr	NN	About the fish . "
tr	NNS	He observed his movements , saw the wrong in them , but continued anyway .
tr	NN	June 8 In a few hours , we see the witch .
tr	NNS	" How many root beers do I need ? "
tr	NN	Holiday twisted her ponytail in a tight knot .
tr	NN	Warmth jolted down my spine .
tr	NN	Or that her feet didn 't strike a patch of slippery moss .
tr	NN	One of my attempts had involved cracking the lock on the cage with a piece of wood I had broken off a drawer on a previous recon .
tr	NN	Ever since eighth grade you 've copied my crap .
tr	NN	Why did her father and her people haunt her daily ?
tr	NNS	They are sending out signals that give him the headaches , pains and even the body shut down .
tr	NN	I would never have expected an outburst from you , Miss Olivier . "
tr	NNS	Maybe lay off the Jell-O shots , seeing as I 'm not there to control the repressed beast when she reveals herself . "
tr	NN	He had no humanity left inside of him .
tr	NN	Bastian removed his first waffle and put it on a plate .
tr	NNS	Heavy slabs of muscles layered his ribs , but his skin was too pale , and cold to the touch .
tr	NNS	Wendell had slaughtered innocents while Edward had slept serenely under his roof .
tr	NNS	We 'll use other dogs . "
tr	NN	They picked this opponent with the excuse that she was a previous world champion . "
tr	NNS	Eben could see the orange and red scales of the creature as it approached .
tr	NN	You 've seen the set-up .
tr	NN	Forte followed the butler through a maze of hallways that finally ended in a small parlor overlooking a garden .
tr	NNS	" You had my apologies , Uncle Talis .
tr	NN	They could clearly here the lost drummer calling to his band mates .
tr	NNS	I still have nightmares .
tr	NNS	He pulled three chairs into a circle , and Bryan and I sat next to each other , inches apart , eyes on Oliver the whole time .
tr	NNS	He 'd just won a million dollars .
tr	NN	Dmitri held Nicolas 's spear clumsily in his hands , pointing it at Van .
tr	NNS	I was making mental adjustments in course and altitude almost every other second and told Izzy that .
tr	NNS	I had heard tales of such things .
tr	NN	Sultry warm ocean breeze .
tr	NN	They passed around the bowls and occasionally said thanks to one another .
tr	NN	I 'll make an exception in this case . "
tr	NN	When he finally worked most of the stiffness out of her shoulders , she said , " You had a visitor . "
tr	NN	Taking the steps two at a time , he pounded the brass knocker that graced the door .
tr	NN	Billie swallowed the lump that suddenly formed in her throat .
tr	NNS	We hang our coats on the pegs in the corner while we 're waiting for the drinks .
tr	NNS	" Grab the blades and stand beside the door .
tr	NN	Professor Wilson 's pale skin had a sweaty gleam on it now .
tr	NN	Just as she did though , she heard a sharp intake of breath that was abruptly cut short then a grunt .
tr	NNS	The Germans ' radar spotted so many reflective contacts they had no idea what to shoot .
tr	NN	And no , Emma wasn 't getting a t-shirt , nor would she want one -- too gimmicky and capitalistic , she 'd say .
tr	NN	She turned , began pummeling me with her fists .
tr	NNS	He took the pony 's reins .
tr	NN	Then she spied the insignia on his polo .
tr	NNS	Once , a long time ago , they had human ancestors ... or so the stories said .
tr	NN	Robin 's smile was losing its conviction .
tr	NNS	" The motel business has really dulled your brains , Duke . "
tr	NNS	Many times , great wizards simply leave their scrolls without translating them . "
tr	NNS	Izzie and Romeo both selected knives .
tr	NNS	Falling back on his cot , he took long , deep breaths .
tr	NNS	He took his enhanced senses for granted , now .
tr	NN	Luc snapped off a strand of wheat sticking through the planks overhead .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , gentlemen . "
tr	NN	Matteo took a bolt cutter from the bag and walked over to Luca and the west side of the building .
tr	NNS	Maybe they had cameras set up on her property .
tr	NN	Nick took another mouthful of whatever was in his glass .
tr	NNS	When he threw it to me , the ball became a face again and said , " Two points , two points ! "
tr	NN	She still has not pierced the veil which took away her life when she sacrificed herself to make things right .
tr	NN	The difference was , the fairies could control their hunger and feedings .
tr	NNS	The men quickly took off their packs , eager to rid their shoulders and backs of the burdensome weight .
tr	NNS	' Set parking brake , that 's you . '
tr	NN	Mab Monroe 's personal rune .
tr	NN	This morning he ate his porridge by himself .
tr	NNS	He removed the goggles .
tr	NNS	A blade , no matter how divine , cannot pull crops from their parched seeds , nor rain from the cloudless sky .
tr	NN	And on a center shelf , I saw an opalescent sphere similar to the one I had carried in my hand the past summer .
tr	NN	What a wonderful thing to meet the Man who 's the reason why he was given this great opportunity !
tr	NNS	It included three sandwiches , a bag of chips , a banana , and a carton of yogurt in addition to the wayward apple .
tr	NNS	We only levitate a few inches now . "
tr	NNS	Once I had culled every repeated phrase , idea , line and quote , I still had four thousand pages at my disposal .
tr	NN	I want joy but I don 't know how to choose !
tr	NNS	" I 've got a few tricks up my sleeve . "
tr	NN	And to drop off the blender .
tr	NNS	Upon hearing Jenny 's blood - curdling screams , Professor Livingston immediately covered his fangs with his black cape .
tr	NN	By proving to the world that he did , indeed , have an exceptional talent .
tr	NNS	The others chose similar targets .
tr	NN	I fire the crossbow and take out his attacker .
tr	NN	Baumann 's parents had accepted the responsibility and had declared that it was definitely not their son .
tr	NN	Boy 412 , waved the handkerchief in front of the Hunter 's angry eyes ; then he undid the knot .
tr	NN	She dropped her towel and jumped into the deep end of the pool .
tr	NNS	As she spoke , she told her hormones to listen up .
tr	NNS	Then American families will lose more sons and daughters to the casualties of war . "
tr	NN	I open the plastic that is wrapped around the test .
tr	NNS	Instead , the saddle on Sabbath 's back bore the marks of heavy use .
tr	NNS	I felt my insides crumbling .
tr	NN	I don 't want a dark witch trying to protect us . "
tr	NNS	He 'd dug up gold from his chests , then sold the coins in Saint Petersburg .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to look over my shoulder .
tr	NN	I checked the drawer .
tr	NN	She tossed the cap forward .
tr	NNS	Bicycling around the island , Fat Charlie soon discovered , had its dangers .
tr	NN	I 'd be getting my butt kicked .
tr	NNS	Elspeth was still retouching the flawless place settings .
tr	NN	I put the receiver back to my ear and balance it between my head and my shoulder .
tr	NNS	But the demons have close ties with the Shamans of the East , correct ?
tr	NN	He gulped hard and finally said , " We do , your majesty ? "
tr	NNS	Bombs going off , guns thundering , the sound bites of death ... all were on continuous playback with no stop in the program .
tr	NN	He ground his hard cock against her through their clothes .
tr	NNS	Dani still did not look appeased as she shrugged .
tr	NNS	You 've thrown energy balls at me twice .
tr	NNS	Ma would have my balls if I tried to skip out on Christmas Eve . "
tr	NNS	On the field , the other team had made some adjustments too and it seemed as if we could not gain a single yard on them .
tr	NNS	They grabbed the candles from the table and threw them onto the hay .
tr	NNS	I 'm using all my defenses against Ingrid ; I cannot be expected to fight them all .
tr	NNS	" Well , the bond market has some pretty promising sectors , so I 'm thinking we can start there . "
tr	NNS	' Would covering up those ugly bits fix him ? '
tr	NN	I would soon visit The Shade again .
tr	NNS	I surprised two deer on the trail .
tr	NNS	His feet left tracks in the dew laden grass .
tr	NN	" I always provide the condom .
tr	NN	She felt the familiar tendrils flow from her once more , but much stronger this time and extending in all directions .
tr	NN	And Brodie had a gorgeous cock .
tr	NN	If I weren 't so disgusted I 'd almost admire your style . "
tr	NN	This time I even brought my full complement of weapons .
tr	NNS	The audience made murmurs of agreement .
tr	NN	He felt a throbbing at his wrists .
tr	NNS	" That leaves two routes : The channel tunnel and the ferry system . "
tr	NN	We cannot undermine our credibility by changing our story .
tr	NN	It kept up its hollering .
tr	NN	Dr. Roth had placed the spent needle next to the unused ones .
tr	NNS	Then you get your cups , bowls and meal .
tr	NNS	Young Gareth from HR tells me the workers are not going to be getting a pay check ? '
tr	NNS	" Yes , " the boy said remotely , " but it 's very rotten .
tr	NNS	My laugh sounds a little breathless , maybe because his fingers have found my nipples again .
tr	NN	High stress levels meant heavy duty unloading .
tr	NN	On pure instinct , he slammed the butt of the staff into the ground .
tr	NNS	In my dream , the men carry bloody knives .
tr	NN	He wore a red t-shirt which had a large black swastika on it .
tr	NN	Antonia accepted the menu from Jeffrey , winking at him when Sal looked away .
tr	NNS	Joining me from behind to wait their turn , the women offered friendly greetings to me .
tr	NNS	It usually took three very loud alarm clocks to wake him .
tr	NNS	" Ninety thousand dollars a year . "
tr	NN	She motioned the bartender over and ordered red beans and rice for Ash .
tr	NN	" From the clinic ? "
tr	NN	" Why don 't you leave this hellhole ?
tr	NN	Each year he sent a basket of delicacies to Surreal .
tr	NN	I turned the mare , and this time she came easily to my hand .
tr	NNS	Hudson Street between Clarkson and Leroy had buildings on the west side and James J. Walker Park on the east .
tr	NN	" Take care , my lord , I have little patience for fools . "
tr	NN	Fuji had instated the security detail immediately , instructing the bodyguards that they should watch the girls at all times , twenty-four hours a day .
tr	NN	She knew our language , I could tell , but she spoke in English .
tr	NNS	She flipped the glossy pages with her left hand , and with her right , took sips from a glass of bourbon .
tr	NN	Eventually , several million people used the language across the planet but it never became the main language in any country .
tr	NNS	" Did you take all the napkins ? "
tr	NNS	Buzz had only 40 yards to the pin , but his pitch rolled 12 feet past .
tr	NN	Steve asks an observer with a splendid pair of scuffed shoes .
tr	NN	I lower the towel , and he closes my shirt with gentle fingers .
tr	NNS	He had used his powers earlier to knock down a wall .
tr	NNS	Maura had all sorts of control of Blue , but it wasn 't usually the sort that came with ultimatums or curfew .
tr	NNS	To add to her frustration , she had not seen Fellows anywhere .
tr	NNS	' Well the Lady wants all the valuable ornaments wrapped in paper and put in that tea chest over there .
tr	NN	Prayers were made on his head and right at that moment , he swore allegiance to the entire family .
tr	NN	asked the preppy Hulk .
tr	NNS	" Under the circumstances , you children surpassed expectations .
tr	NN	" You don 't know the meaning of subtle . "
tr	NNS	Several guys called out greetings to Jess , who waved at them in return .
tr	NN	As they stepped inside , she and Soren received a much more lukewarm reception than Perry and Cinder had .
tr	NNS	" I can 't treat conditions that don 't exist .
tr	NNS	How could she explain her visions to him and not ruin her career ?
tr	NNS	Let 's go say our apologies to Master James . "
tr	NNS	To transfer funds between accounts press , and there was an image of a button .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , maybe ... " I threw off my covers and climbed out of bed .
tr	NN	" I don 't need your cowboy . "
tr	NN	The more zombies approached , the faster I looped the whip and cut them down before they could even get within a foot of me .
tr	NNS	Did you guys finish your computer models ? "
tr	NNS	And the whole world , down to the last inch of it , to smell like apples .
tr	NN	I sent a larger squad .
tr	NNS	But all of you have put bits of yourself into it . "
tr	NNS	And Davis and Glen would make good Seconds in any Pack .
tr	NNS	Gene studied his efforts .
tr	NNS	They reportedly used these cloths , and most likely the Original , in their initiation and worship services .
tr	NN	Livi gushes and Sera gives me an exaggerated glare , obviously wondering why I hadn 't told her .
tr	NNS	Her agreement evaporated my suspicions .
tr	NNS	Why was she risking four hundred dollars ?
tr	NN	I barreled down the wet highway , turning the windshield wipers on high and ignoring the groan of the ancient engine .
tr	NN	And then she saw a patch of dirt where there 'd been some digging .
tr	NN	I lifted the compulsion and snatched her .
tr	NNS	" We ordered some new gowns for Cassandra this morning .
tr	NN	I add the word mystical and google ' mystical music scale ' .
tr	NN	A chill ran down Ari 's spine .
tr	NNS	She could take her finals in January and graduate early , but I really believe -- " Angie stood up .
tr	NNS	" Score some points for the Irish ! "
tr	NN	He , Rand al ' Thor , had performed a deed the likes of which had not been seen since the Age of Legends .
tr	NN	He handed them each a package of smoked almonds from his cart .
tr	NNS	I stripped off the tattered remains of my dress , then kicked off my shoes and headed for the shower .
tr	NNS	You have all these shiny plates but no food .
tr	NNS	I throw the covers off of me and reach over to the lamp , flipping the switch .
tr	NN	' You waste your time patrolling ! '
tr	NNS	But ... " She lifted her palms toward the ceiling .
tr	NN	" Actually , I 've made some hot cocoa .
tr	NNS	I just send out the Christmas cards to everyone in your address book .
tr	NN	He had already given his speech and was circulating among VIP tables in that perpetual campaign mode politicians are in most of the time these days .
tr	NN	We can 't risk Laurel 's health . "
tr	NNS	Fishermen passed Tess , staring ; a wagon driver whistled and smacked his lips provocatively .
tr	NNS	He had all but tied the seven crime families up and threw them in a sack .
tr	NNS	Today , the vampire madam wore a black sundress with white polka dots , along with strappy black sandals with small kitten heels .
tr	NN	She felt a strange creeping sensation on the back of her neck .
tr	NN	I had forgotten my umbrella back home and I wondered how I was going to make my way out in the rain .
tr	NNS	He picked up the plates and nodded toward the French doors leading out to the balcony .
tr	NN	Now both had one shark behind them , eager for the taste of their blood .
tr	NNS	And he could never resist the joys of Peru ... .
tr	NN	" Right pocket ... condom ... open it . "
tr	NN	Lance indicated the row of planters that ran the length of the walkway .
tr	NNS	So I taught the wires how to find things for themselves and headed in for a cup of tea . "
tr	NNS	We 'll pay you two hundred dollars and all expenses of the date , of course . "
tr	NNS	She could trust her wits and try to save Monica herself .
tr	NNS	They didn 't put cameras inside the homes of their exes .
tr	NN	I mean , that backside of yours .
tr	NN	" Could we have some privacy ? "
tr	NN	" Put a positive spin on these things that defined her .
tr	NNS	Mexicans will have the same rights and obligations as other citizens of the Empire .
tr	NN	The trees cast a tangle of black upon white , fading into shades of blue in the approaching dark .
tr	NNS	A gentle wind lazily pushed the clouds , brushed at heavy branches and tried vainly to disperse the smell of smoke that lingered persistently in the forest .
tr	NN	" Seek solace in the embrace of loving Lord Loss . "
tr	NNS	He thought if he could find children with some signs of talent , he could boost their capabilities and improve on their ability to serve their country .
tr	NNS	That little touch sends all sorts of firecrackers exploding through my body .
tr	NNS	I 'd done village dances as a boy , of course .
tr	NN	" I swore an oath to uphold the Collective 's protection .
tr	NN	I took the jar and murmured my thanks .
tr	NNS	Don 't throw away these honors . "
tr	NN	His gaze moved hungrily to Amanda again .
tr	NN	You 'd make a wonderful addition to his forces , you know , since you drank that wizard potion that made you so powerful . "
tr	NNS	Throw the biscuits . "
tr	NNS	" You 've all made your points .
tr	NN	Kaylie called over the waitress and asked for ice water .
tr	NN	Mail me something about it the next time you send a care package .
tr	NN	The Amaranth tribe had an affinity for monstrous appearance and thought it to be beautiful .
tr	NNS	you made the changes I suggested to your sermon for Sunday ? "
tr	NN	He gave a smirk and continued , " That 's why I 'm able to come speak with you .
tr	NNS	Did I read gossip sites and watch shows about celebrities ?
tr	NNS	Officer Schmidt lowered his cards and folded them into his beefy palm and frowned in concentration .
tr	NN	A small smile relaxed her strained countenance .
tr	NN	The truth written on his face sent a flood of emotion rushing over me .
tr	NNS	Will you blind yourselves to the undeniable truth that we are greater beings than them ?
tr	NN	I heard the crackle of a walkie-talkie .
tr	NNS	I made no attempts at subtlety and began hurrying toward the building .
tr	NNS	The scientists would draw extraordinary conclusions about the heavy concentration of tar and nicotine , interlaced with animal fats and other meat byproducts .
tr	NN	Then , he dropped the dagger from my neck and shoved me away .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any heroes . "
tr	NNS	But if you don 't want what I 'm offering , then I should cut my losses and look elsewhere . "
tr	NNS	She wiped her palms on her thighs .
tr	NN	But she couldn 't change Erik 's financial status any more than she could change his deformed face .
tr	NNS	Once she left for her room , I put the vegetables away .
tr	NNS	Perhaps they would remember the numbers ; those often seemed important to scribes .
tr	NNS	I know some cool paranormal websites , I 'll look up visions of glowy yellow people .
tr	NN	He gave his sister a knowing smirk as she walked by .
tr	NN	Then I 'll get my revenge .
tr	NN	He 'd done his duty , but when he thought that maybe he really had escaped , he felt a surge of hope .
tr	NN	Colby pointed his fork at her , scowling .
tr	NN	Then she grabbed the notepad and pulled up the Google homepage to start a few searches .
tr	NN	Sophia must have removed her gag .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were making her feel nauseous , so she kept her thoughts to herself .
tr	NN	She twirled a long strand of hair around her finger and pursed her lips in thought .
tr	NNS	" I 'll need my wits about me , " and shoved Noel 's hand away .
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths , hoping I could stop myself being sick .
tr	NNS	And those baseball cards from last year ... probably worth a fortune in another ten or twenty .
tr	NN	" The men trespassing on our land wouldn 't have offered their protection . "
tr	NN	He is raising his dagger .
tr	NN	I squeezed my dad tight , tears spilling onto his shirt collar .
tr	NNS	I love antiques and Depression glass , and I love gardening .
tr	NN	It had taken much patience on each of his adoptive parents ' part to gain access to his heart .
tr	NN	He handed her the marker .
tr	NN	You 've brought sanity and order here .
tr	NN	Reaching into his pocket , he pulled out a handful of cash .
tr	NNS	Nothing further of interest was reported , no covert operations detected , not even rumours of rumours .
tr	NN	I could hear the howling of the wind outside the window .
tr	NN	Oh ... when we arrive you might feel a bit dizzy .
tr	NNS	Once I was done , I placed the dishes in the sink .
tr	NN	She secured George 's cage as best she could , and cleaned out Harry 's litter box .
tr	NN	She 's double stamping anybody who shows interest .
tr	NNS	" They 've built ships that can carry schools of them from one place to another for travel or battle .
tr	NN	Finally , I pulled the towel away and saw that the wound was no longer bleeding .
tr	NNS	Do you collect your own ingredients ?
tr	NN	My brother wore his Dodgers ball cap and a mitt .
tr	NNS	But I grow nauseous of this conversation .
tr	NN	" Why don 't we discuss the cake itself , " Alix said , hurriedly changing the subject .
tr	NNS	" Hey , I designed those suits !
tr	NNS	She could see the colorful houses all around .
tr	NN	I felt the warmth emanating from his body .
tr	NN	It only hardened Eve 's resolve to pawn her mother 's jewelry so they could afford better accommodations .
tr	NN	" I 've seen a decapitated goblin stick its tongue out at her in its death throes , and she laughed .
tr	NN	Its delivery did not have the effect of which it was once capable , but still I paid attention .
tr	NNS	He is holding two knives in one hand and one in the other .
tr	NNS	" But hon , I 've only got two folks staying here .
tr	NNS	He admired the blades , the ease of the hinges , the gold-plated embellishments .
tr	NNS	When the Muslim community gathers they offer collective prayers for the forgiveness of the dead .
tr	NN	" You must use this tape with the printed fleur-de-lis . "
tr	NNS	This new team was given the rights to the Browns name and history , though they were not descended directly from the Browns of old .
tr	NNS	In the span of an hour I had bruised my ribs , almost fallen off a cliff , and nearly drowned .
tr	NNS	Rick sat the beers on their table and offered them up .
tr	NNS	I 've been considering the similarities between the three kills , trying to find a pattern we can use . "
tr	NNS	I had no texts or missed calls .
tr	NN	The man had impeccable timing .
tr	NNS	At least the hound dog had cleaned up the crumbs .
tr	NN	He still felt some loyalty to Amber Rose , hadn 't been with anyone since .
tr	NN	It didn 't get any more tense or high-pressure than having an assassin appear in your office late at night .
tr	NNS	After that , they assessed our marks and gave us the progress cards .
tr	NNS	" We made enough money off Kevin 's presence we could get the floors refurbished and walls done .
tr	NN	Pansy , to Chris 's astonishment , looked sheepish .
tr	NNS	" Twenty-five dollars ! "
tr	NN	Tessa could not stop a small exclamation of surprise from passing her lips .
tr	NN	He played football and hockey and excelled at them both .
tr	NN	Pain stung his knuckles .
tr	NN	" Then use the horn . "
tr	NNS	She slid her palms down his spine , curved around his waist and found the button of his jeans , popped it open and unzipped his fly .
tr	NNS	He had interviewed scores of prisoners in his time but none quite like Morgan Eriksen .
tr	NN	Cooked to perfection , the meat offered little resistance .
tr	NN	I don 't want anybody to hear what I 'm going to tell you . '
tr	NNS	Ma had worked hard canning peaches and pears in the late summer , and I 'd made sure to help her .
tr	NN	We won 't revisit that topic . "
tr	NNS	She smiles and visibly relaxes , sits back in her chair and sips her coffee .
tr	NN	He 's got probably a week-old beard going .
tr	NN	He ducked the swing of an axe and opened a garish wound on the axe wielder 's thigh .
tr	NNS	The boy wears slacks and a watch that costs more than I make in a year working at the auto shop .
tr	NNS	" Fifty thousand dollars .
tr	NN	" I heard a rumor that my dining partner tends to eat the same thing every time he comes here .
tr	NN	I smelled jasmine incense , and saw that there was another room .
tr	NNS	Sure , she heard the normal noises , but nothing seemed too loud or out of the ordinary .
tr	NNS	" I don 't need your excuses or justifications .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't feel my extremities .
tr	NNS	People lucky enough to have Friday off left their coats and gloves behind as they strolled toward restaurants on the Sixteenth Street Mall for lunch .
tr	NN	Our garage even diagnosed the breakdown as a matter of circumstance . "
tr	NNS	Jacy gave exhaustively detailed directions on how to get to the ballet studio .
tr	NNS	At one time he counted twenty-three floating islands in all .
tr	NN	I felt his sorrow as if it were my own .
tr	NNS	" You have amazing breasts . "
tr	NNS	The dark wood floors matched the chairs , and the exposed brick wall gave the place a warm feeling .
tr	NNS	We could have dead bats raining down out of the sky for a week or two if they don 't understand what 's really happening . '
tr	NN	Fathers were still rarely given full custody , but this case could be a turning point .
tr	NN	I survey the dash .
tr	NNS	But when he looked up , he saw the wolves circling in on him .
tr	NNS	They still didn 't accept credit cards at the pump .
tr	NNS	Before Nicolas could reply , Dahlia glared daggers at Max .
tr	NN	His wife had a PhD and worked at IBM .
tr	NNS	They chased the buzzy motors , no longer bound to flesh that would stumble in deep snow or be stopped by bullets .
tr	NNS	When you were a boy , would you have refused such powers ? "
tr	NN	I took the towel and began to dab at this knuckles , hoping to remove some of the dirt .
tr	NNS	She loved practical jokes .
tr	NNS	She took two swings at it , then easily kicked it down and broke it in two .
tr	NN	He gave my hand a slight squeeze .
tr	NNS	Heather often did recon missions at department stores or bath and body shops as a way of checking out the large-scale competition .
tr	NNS	I dropped all the dishes in the dishwasher , then took a last look at my report .
tr	NN	Sabrina opened the file on her desk .
tr	NNS	" I 'm afraid that won 't ... " Lara put the envelopes on his desk .
tr	NNS	They ordered two cups of coffee .
tr	NNS	As soon as you reach the bottom use your compass to navigate there .
tr	NNS	He had no illusions that her efforts were meant to help him or his crew in any way .
tr	NNS	Still , he could only see two figures .
tr	NNS	" I have adequate funds . "
tr	NN	I haven 't lost a jury trial in twenty-one years .
tr	NNS	To the side , the Librarians emptied my jacket pockets .
tr	NNS	They left their meals half-eaten and hurried out to gather up their families and get home .
tr	NNS	With a new name he had even more opportunities before him .
tr	NNS	He preferred tricks with a blind landing .
tr	NNS	We have extensive contacts in the government . "
tr	NNS	They could hear noises from upstairs . '
tr	NN	Although life behind the Veil offered eternal peace and prosperity for vampires , he had discovered a growing resentment at being confined over the past two centuries .
tr	NN	I popped the trunk and he tossed his bag inside .
tr	NN	Gray grabbed a wash cloth from the vanity and wet it .
tr	NN	She felt a prick of pleasure until she remembered that just earlier he was likening her to hell .
tr	NNS	" Deckard rubbed his temples with the palms of his hands .
tr	NNS	She wanted some allies , but soon realized these girls wanted one thing -- money .
tr	NNS	Bugs donned the trademark trappings of the eccentric tailor .
tr	NNS	I checked my knives , knowing they were pristine and ready for action .
tr	NN	He put his quarter in the slot and took out Emerson 's torn card .
tr	NNS	As Ainsley lined up her cue , Ian tapped the table two inches to his right .
tr	NN	" You have a vital task ahead of you .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not nervous , you 're mixing up your scents .
tr	NN	Lifting his gaze to Brian , he had only one plea .
tr	NN	Hearing nothing , he slowly turned the doorknob .
tr	NNS	Ten million dollars , give or take a few million , if necessary .
tr	NNS	He wiped his bleeding knuckles on his pants and returned the equipment .
tr	NNS	She pulled away from him , her face only inches from his .
tr	NN	He glimpsed a shopping spree in his future , a really efficient one where he furnished the whole of the one-bedroom apartment in one expensive hit .
tr	NN	Mr. Big had taken a liking to his feet and was just about to start nibbling at them when Taylor opened his eyes .
tr	NNS	" Of course ... he did have a few good points . "
tr	NNS	Eventually she learned their tricks so well they dared not attempt to betray her .
tr	NNS	Ornate rugs and paintings lined the floors and walls , and the tower was a den of opulence .
tr	NN	He sighed , his frame sagging , succumbing to gravity .
tr	NNS	She drew nearer and saw one was Nicholas .
tr	NNS	" I have seen witch runes .
tr	NN	I suppressed the urge to ring Dad and tell him that I might have botched the Aversion .
tr	NNS	Professors congratulated their students , and everyone gravitated toward their groups , making plans for the weekend .
tr	NNS	I open my eyelashes , seeing .
tr	NN	He 's getting no protection . "
tr	NNS	You 'll have many chances for choosing a man . "
tr	NN	The girl , however , possessed no special protection at all .
tr	NNS	My heart pounded off my ribs as I realized what he was offering .
tr	NNS	Fear motivated his actions .
tr	NN	Euripides gave a handful of characters to ponder over .
tr	NN	He lost his patience but held onto his good manners .
tr	NN	He doesn 't waste his talent by becoming a foot soldier . "
tr	NN	" Bloody disaster out there , mate , " said the exhausted actor as he shook Dean 's hand .
tr	NN	Or that I can feel your hunger .
tr	NN	" He wasn 't wearing his prison uniform ? "
tr	NNS	She blows the candles out and glances up at Gage as if he had appeared as a direct result of her wish .
tr	NN	Get this crap off my hands and feet . "
tr	NN	Within , where each of them had hung in the air , now floated a gauntlet .
tr	NN	Finally , unable to fight it any longer , he lost consciousness and plummeted into a deep sleep .
tr	NN	What flavor would you like ? "
tr	NNS	I could smell drugs on the second floor .
tr	NNS	We rotate houses . "
tr	NNS	She leans toward me a few inches , then seems to realize what she 's doing and straightens .
tr	NNS	I am stuffing pasta tubes with beef , crushed tomatoes and ricotta , trying to get Daniel to put down the card deck and set the table .
tr	NN	A real wolf couldn 't have made the supersonic blast of air .
tr	NN	I will trust your judgement . "
tr	NN	I drained the second vial and thumped the syringe .
tr	NNS	" The hunting party , which numbered twenty-seven strong , followed our tracks for a few minutes , but then reached a point where the tracks disappeared .
tr	NNS	I have numerous labels , more than I 've enlightened thee and some may be heeded as impertinent .
tr	NNS	Bay glared daggers at the man .
tr	NNS	My heart kept missing beats and I could barely breathe and I thought I was going to die of absolute adoration .
tr	NN	" I just saw the hunger for revenge in their eyes .
tr	NNS	As she looked through the clothing , she found a small sundress .
tr	NN	Growling , I clutched the frame of the window and pulled myself up , slipping on the sock of my now shoeless foot .
tr	NNS	At 2 A.M. , she 'd thrown the covers back and looked at the letter again , hoping it wasn 't real .
tr	NNS	Secondly , and this is so relevant it should perhaps have been my first point , you 're not meeting yourselves .
tr	NN	He had an alcohol soaked cloth poised at the corner of my head , ready to sting the shit out of me .
tr	NN	They 'd discussed our reunion .
tr	NN	Doris Warren 's face revealed dismay .
tr	NNS	" Why didn 't you tell me my thighs are so ... round ? "
tr	NN	It gave an imperceptible shudder to announce its awakening .
tr	NN	She leaned her backside against the table , seemingly for support .
tr	NNS	Once freed of the tunnel , she dashed down corridors , finally reaching the first anteroom .
tr	NNS	He back steps then swings towards his 50,000 coin hover car .
tr	NN	I gave it a final , vicious shove .
tr	NN	" You 've already got my passport . "
tr	NN	He couldn 't stop grinning .
tr	NN	I gave my parents the silent treatment for an entire month . "
tr	NNS	" And where does he get these coins , up there on the hill ? "
tr	NNS	So , introduce yourselves and give some hugs . "
tr	NN	His Majesty quieted both throne and gods with a motion .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't take your covers .
tr	NNS	" And then fill the goblets . "
tr	NNS	We have methods of transportation far faster than anything you could have imagined living your provincial little life . "
tr	NN	I 'd cleaned out the closet , but not the chest of drawers .
tr	NN	" Save the literature for Gramps . "
tr	NN	However , if anything else has worked for us so far it 's been using a little imagination and some creative problem solving .
tr	NNS	Stopping the cabriolet next to a small thicket of lilac and forsythia , he gently wrapped the reins around the small post there for just that purpose .
tr	NNS	The tank was painted deep purple with bright pink skulls layered on top to give it some depth .
tr	NN	Slowly , he kissed her temples , his warm breath sending tingles down her spine .
tr	NN	The fair city no longer needs the horn now ?
tr	NN	London makes an unpopular announcement , and Scotland says ' right , we 're off ' .
tr	NN	This weekend with Amber , I had used the talent that I 'd hidden in shame and fear my whole life to really help someone .
tr	NNS	Apparently no one else could see the colored clouds .
tr	NNS	This stuff gives me nightmares , so if you want to watch the news , do it in your room . "
tr	NNS	I split the blinds with two fingers and watched a white Lexus sedan turn into Orson 's driveway .
tr	NNS	I could make out two shadowy figures , one with the unmistakable glow of red eyes , the other melding into the edge of darkness .
tr	NNS	Carefully , she mended his insides , working her way up for several minutes as she slid the knife from his belly .
tr	NNS	She visited hospitals , wedding planners and funeral homes and outlined her services .
tr	NNS	She scooped up the game cards and jammed them in , too .
tr	NN	To free Helena up for her little vacation he also hired a translator for himself .
tr	NNS	His cooks made the best steaks I ever had .
tr	NNS	But he no longer trusted his own motives .
tr	NNS	I could hear tendons and ligaments snapping .
tr	NNS	Did he only drops cups , then ?
tr	NNS	I massaged my temples with the heels of my hands .
tr	NN	But , nonetheless , I couldn 't shake the sensation that I was constantly being watched .
tr	NN	Instead he turns the knob behind me , shutting off the water and returning the showerhead to where it belongs .
tr	NNS	Dunstan made a few guttering noises , caught between insulting his host 's decorations , the daughter 's favor , or the Ward 's vanity .
tr	NNS	Both have backpacks and one is carrying a basketball under his right arm .
tr	NN	She lit the candle and then held the needle over the flame .
tr	NNS	" But sometimes you did drugs together ? "
tr	NN	They kidnapped your uncle ?
tr	NN	" Why can 't I have a normal , apathetic , idle assistant like anybody else ? "
tr	NN	Her own opinions of Paris would shade her counsel , as would our latest interaction .
tr	NN	With cracker dust in his system and angry music drumming his skin to bits , he couldn 't hide his flinch .
tr	NN	One took a bolt , but he 's hanging on somehow .
tr	NNS	The President gave Carlos three missions .
tr	NNS	" Thanks , I 'll go check , " Josef said and left the two senior detectives outside .
tr	NN	" My little contribution to the household budget . "
tr	NN	Unlike Arnold , who blended into the background as seamlessly as furniture and anticipated your every need , Jeff brought a bit more attitude with him .
tr	NNS	Then he and Otis had talked politics for a while .
tr	NNS	He needed the points .
tr	NN	Freak had even shown this favoured customer of his pictures and videos of me .
tr	NN	I take off my bulletproof vest as soon as I get out , and offer it to Amar along with my gun .
tr	NNS	They do not want the restrictions this existence imposes .
tr	NN	I had this whole speech about how much I love you , about how you make me a better person .
tr	NNS	We Chandlers certainly had just lost our appetites .
tr	NNS	The companies will lose billions , and we 'll lose millions in Washington .
tr	NN	Stop cold turkey for a month ? "
tr	NNS	She wore loose fitting suits to hide her width girth .
tr	NN	The old siding didn 't have much paint left .
tr	NN	I twist the cap and start gulping it down when the girl from last night walks in looking like a hot mess .
tr	NN	The commander pushed the centurion as it released its armor .
tr	NNS	" I gave the usual noncommittal responses .
tr	NNS	She could reverse her foe 's spells at will if she wished .
tr	NNS	" I must admit , you make a pretty picture on your knees , scrubbing floors . "
tr	NNS	Then he had the mountain bikes fitted with quick-release racks for carrying the baggage .
tr	NN	A pair of faded jeans perfected his persona .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to spit on him .
tr	NN	' You 've met your potential producer .
tr	NN	The archaeologists found an animal bone resting there .
tr	NN	I mumbled a quick prayer as I heard it open .
tr	NNS	' We call them ships , not boats . '
tr	NNS	And she didn 't get dizzy once .
tr	NN	Rika forced the smirk from her face .
tr	NN	Junko wore a white blouse and a black business shirt .
tr	NN	One leg angled out in front of him , the other draped over the armrest .
tr	NNS	Adam 's fist is frozen only inches from Warner 's face .
tr	NN	Ham , you have the equipment ? "
tr	NNS	I rubbed my damp palms on the skirt of my dress .
tr	NN	It was just like feeding a baby bird , he thought , tremendously pleased with his memory , his ingenuity , and - well , just himself .
tr	NN	Finally , Tara looks sheepish .
tr	NN	He picked up a fork .
tr	NN	This new glove has a huge suction on the pad part .
tr	NN	It wasn 't locked , so he yelled , " For God 's sake , turn the doorknob ! "
tr	NN	He smoothed out the plaid comforter and then patted it .
tr	NNS	Surely she hadn 't squeezed her thighs so hard in her excitement that she 'd suffocated the man ?
tr	NNS	The cool air hits her nipples , causing them to tighten even more .
tr	NNS	He suddenly covered her breasts with his large hands .
tr	NNS	" Name them , " Elizabeth 's eyes glinted dangerously .
tr	NN	He crossed the threshold and went straight for Mom .
tr	NNS	We had positions and titles , rulebooks , and T-shirts and medals that proclaimed our membership to the world .
tr	NNS	" So , you see , gentlemen , ladies , a two-day wait between sex , or less .
tr	NNS	Almost all of George 's employees were retired SAS troopers or from the 1st Parachute Regiment .
tr	NN	I couldn 't help but keep glancing at the door , wondering if he had left .
tr	NNS	" However , we share common interests .
tr	NN	Drinks that defy the imagination with their color and creativity .
tr	NN	" The odds are four to one in favor of you putting your ribbon on Hawk 's arm and cheering for him at the Queen 's Race .
tr	NN	But you 'll find a supply of extra blankets in the bench at the foot of the beds .
tr	NNS	He rubbed the marks on her delicate wrists .
tr	NN	He stretched his squat muscular frame tense with painful exhaustion .
tr	NN	We have the probable sweat shop location .
tr	NN	She could feel the invisible strand of power connecting her to Paul , but she couldn 't seem to do anything with it .
tr	NNS	Amber read the key items .
tr	NN	Two others bore resemblance to crabs or spiders .
tr	NNS	" Dire wolves . "
tr	NNS	Not only have we not discussed relationship labels , we also haven 't discussed lunchroom seating arrangements .
tr	NN	She pushed the bolt on the door to , and only then did she make her way to the copper tub .
tr	NN	Put your life vest on again . "
tr	NN	Said she had a farm .
tr	NNS	" I can handle the defenses while the rest of you handle this .
tr	NNS	We 've been using those flash cards you bought pretty much every night , and she didn 't miss a single question on her latest test .
tr	NN	Reyes paid the command no heed , nor did he acknowledge whoever had issued it .
tr	NNS	" Helen says Maddie claims not to remember me . "
tr	NNS	In the morning , they 'd find the hapless victims in fields or near streams .
tr	NNS	He had disconnected all the internal wires in case it was already partially activated .
tr	NN	I study the hologram , frowning and fingering .
tr	NNS	We both have trust issues .
tr	NN	In the next few seconds Jake heard rapid gunfire , and everything breakable on his car was shattered almost in an instant .
tr	NN	Sure enough , she eventually caught a glimpse of him .
tr	NN	" I never told anybody what to do in my life .
tr	NN	We 're taking my jeep . "
tr	NN	Especially the elephant . '
tr	NNS	My body was pumping out all sorts of angry , upset hormones .
tr	NN	He snatched the vial from the Prince 's hand , took the tray up against his chest , and rushed from the rooms in a gangly fashion .
tr	NNS	" The Council stores all its reject magical artifacts here , and they 're all just jumbled up in the cellar .
tr	NN	" The stakes of your duel with Achilles , you pacifist wretch ! "
tr	NNS	The past hours had even her breaths synced up with Hugh Franco .
tr	NN	We came up the gauntlet to the upper bailey , ducking into the alley that stood between the thick wall and the artisan shops .
tr	NNS	Brother George consecrated the candles with holy water from Mount Mary .
tr	NN	She 'd had no inkling how important the event was to him until the ball last night .
tr	NNS	And his friend could melt ping-pong balls ... Chapter 8 Over the next month , Bethany saw more and more of Dawson .
tr	NNS	My h * ps were making little twisting motions even as he pulled away .
tr	NNS	Light came from a large hole a few hundred yards away .
tr	NNS	" If you kids acquire those stamps , you 'll expose yourselves to some serious danger .
tr	NN	It was then he noticed a little scroll tied up and set at the base of the tree amongst the green moss .
tr	NNS	Then I took the items I 'd bought at the grocery store and set them next to the other things .
tr	NNS	If they 'd spent the night together , she would 've regretted her actions and probably blamed him out of her own crippling guilt .
tr	NN	He began leading Olive toward Diana 's cabin but paused to glance at Lana .
tr	NN	As he helped himself to another serving of rice , he caught a glimpse of his reflection in the hollowed silver surface of an oversized spoon .
tr	NNS	You turned down millions .
tr	NN	He 'd stopped his advance , so I skirted him quickly , aware that I had been gone too long and Chad was waiting .
tr	NNS	Why did he take their coins ?
tr	NN	He kept his pot supply in little individual , carefully labeled drawers .
tr	NN	Fear formed a hard knot in her throat .
tr	NNS	" We scavenged items sometimes but we couldn 't figure out how to operate them , except the tins . "
tr	NNS	And being near him when he wasn 't in " human " form gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	When he was satisfied with her response to him , Peter finally growled out his release .
tr	NN	You destroyed my clan .
tr	NN	Mom gave a snort that sounded close to laughter .
tr	NNS	Before that , we 'll cast two spells .
tr	NN	" While I normally don 't do big and hairy , I could make an exception . "
tr	NNS	Girl your singing messes with people 's heads .
tr	NN	I can hear the lump in his throat .
tr	NN	It 's like when guys who would normally hate being freakishly tall discover basketball , or when girls with abnormally long fingers sit down at a piano .
tr	NNS	She automatically poured two cups , sliding one towards the boy beside her , just like she would have done with Kai .
tr	NN	Just before stepping out of Giselle , he grabbed his favorite Disneyland ball cap to protect him from the heat of the day .
tr	NNS	Balancing the book in one hand , I carefully turn the pages .
tr	NN	He tossed the clock out the companionway and across the cockpit .
tr	NN	His breath wreaked havoc on her as it met her damp flesh .
tr	NNS	Father rubbed his temples , turning away with a long sigh .
tr	NN	Lauren pushed a clump of wet hair away from her face .
tr	NN	I straighten my spine in response , standing taller , no longer leaning on the piano .
tr	NNS	Unlike Ted , he spent his lunch breaks at the gym , not at five-star restaurants .
tr	NN	And the fire consumed that wicked Jew who had tried to do his Christian son such wicked harm . "
tr	NN	Drops pocked every puddle .
tr	NN	With languid movements he circled past Styx to halt beside the scrying pool .
tr	NN	She informs her assistant she will be absent for a few days and puts him in charge of operations .
tr	NN	They have no flavor , for crying out loud ! "
tr	NN	Your letters always bring me joy , so full of love are they , for I know your heart is with me .
tr	NN	I had nothin ' .
tr	NN	He wiped down the knob to the bedroom and then reached for the outside door with his pocketed hand .
tr	NN	He 'd tried painting .
tr	NNS	" They get nervous , poor chaps , just because there 's a blackout now and then . "
tr	NN	He picked up another rope and began working it through practiced hands , squeezing and pulling , testing for weaknesses .
tr	NNS	Their names sometimes linger a few generations .
tr	NNS	And look at your feet ... " I pulled the covers off of me and could see that I wore my glass slippers .
tr	NN	Had the accident changed her attitude to food , too ?
tr	NN	" Did Mrs. Cooper bring her peanut butter ice cream ? "
tr	NNS	Children lost their fathers and the widows lost their life partners . "
tr	NNS	" That means no powers . "
tr	NN	" We must have the talisman .
tr	NNS	" Shake the students up right from the beginning .
tr	NN	Through fading eyes , Celaena saw a crown of stars glittering atop Elena 's head , her silver armor shining like a beacon in the blackness .
tr	NNS	" We could wear helmets . "
tr	NNS	I grabbed the apples and took off .
tr	NNS	His gruff whisper caused the hairs on her nape to lift .
tr	NN	I hung up the receiver .
tr	NNS	Men in these times battle families based on the past deeds of their ancestors .
tr	NNS	So she would tell no tales ? "
tr	NN	" Handle this coffin with care guys .
tr	NNS	He had a good four inches on me .
tr	NN	" Seems like a disaster waiting to happen . "
tr	NNS	" Skyler has skills beyond anything I 've ever seen . "
tr	NNS	And now here I was , tracking his movements down on the field and giggling with my friends on the bleachers .
tr	NN	She did not notice the open shaft because her eyes hurt too much from the imbedded Tarantula hairs .
tr	NN	A greasy black soot smeared every feather .
tr	NN	They have video of the buys , too .
tr	NNS	The holes in his shirt showed the blistering burns on his skin .
tr	NNS	" Have you had many lovers ? "
tr	NN	Ben removed the pillow from his face .
tr	NN	Maureen 's cruelty toward him clearly has a strong effect .
tr	NNS	Too bad she hadn 't taken her chances with him .
tr	NN	Though I swear I wasn 't trying to watch him , I caught a glimpse of Rigel up ahead , just as he turned a corner .
tr	NN	Seen her confession as part of some greater scheme to further sabotage Jacob and me .
tr	NNS	What if she 's had complications and had to go back into hospital ?
tr	NN	Rayford was losing patience .
tr	NNS	Now that sent his protective instincts pumping into an overdrive that rivaled anything her growling dog had going on .
tr	NN	Then send back the main e-mail when you 're ready . '
tr	NN	Here - " Jacob took the towel and mopped up my new spill .
tr	NNS	" Done , " he said , slapping his palms together .
tr	NN	A laptop computer was placed before him and just like he said , he had her location within a couple of minutes .
tr	NNS	You can never lay down your burdens .
tr	NN	What method would get him the successful system access he so desired ?
tr	NN	" When you going to get rid of that battle flag ? "
tr	NN	He filled out that uniform to perfection , looking larger than she remembered him , and far more powerful .
tr	NNS	' ' It was rented out to tourists before the infection began , it has five floors , although they are not very big .
tr	NNS	He held up two chilled beers .
tr	NN	Victoria heard a distant shout and looked over to see Max and Sebastian on the other side of the flames .
tr	NN	He lays his fork down on his plate and smiles .
tr	NNS	Human corpses littered the sidewalks in many places .
tr	NN	Strangely enough , I actually got the impression that she somehow favored it , considering her long list of rampant sexual experiences .
tr	NN	Across the canyon , another shower of gravel came spilling down a chute .
tr	NNS	He had magic powers .
tr	NNS	" You said three students , who is the other one ? "
tr	NN	" Finished your Craft lesson so soon ? "
tr	NNS	Sara took a few slow breaths before she spoke .
tr	NNS	There were flowing layers of color , and images of werewolves , vampires , and witches melded into a solid mural .
tr	NNS	" What if it stops their hearts ? "
tr	NN	" Did you take confession beforehand ?
tr	NNS	I have cameras covering every inch of the place and the line-of-sight laser mic picking up the audio from the main floor .
tr	NN	" Did you hear his speech ? "
tr	NN	You could probably kick my butt . "
tr	NNS	The palace 's grounds ' crew apparently had more pressing issues to handle .
tr	NN	Forbidden stops the design , or building , of what is not wanted .
tr	NN	We watched a light comedy instead of Jackson 's movie while we ate , the ridiculous hijinks of the characters making me laugh and relax .
tr	NN	The two gave the impression to be very attracted the one by the other , nevertheless they were both extremely timid ones .
tr	NNS	Reluctantly , he named the hotels he 'd visited and watched as Elijah ran off to aid him in his quest for Sabrina .
tr	NNS	" I don 't know the exact dates I 'll be there yet .
tr	NN	His eyes rounded to hers , his cocky grin flashed that damn dimple , the one that did a number on her stomach .
tr	NN	They were playing ' witch craft ' .
tr	NNS	" Let 's see what Lehigh sent , " Emerson said encouragingly .
tr	NN	" How much longer do we play out this charade ?
tr	NN	He might have lost faith , but he hadn 't lost his mind .
tr	NNS	The guy feeds Drake 's cattle when he 's away which , according to him , is most weekends of the year .
tr	NN	That makes her even hotter . "
tr	NN	" They made my head spin with all their questions .
tr	NNS	" I love happy endings . "
tr	NN	I set the bouquet of flowers and the bags of extra Chinese food in the back seat , coming back around for one more kiss .
tr	NNS	He praised my riding skills and to my annoyance , I felt myself blushing .
tr	NNS	Had the same pets .
tr	NN	He takes the latter and shoves it through his belt .
tr	NN	He nailed the railing with one hand and the other followed , giving him a good grip on the side of the boat .
tr	NN	On what other occasion was a gentlewoman granted some measure of freedom ?
tr	NNS	Danika Ford caught the two steaming plates that slid across the silver warmer .
tr	NNS	The U.S. Attorney would call press conferences .
tr	NNS	His breath made white clouds into the cold air and his shoes crunched in the white snow .
tr	NN	" Each world specialized in specific powers -- handling elements , manipulating time and space , spell casting , precognition of future events , and displacing energies .
tr	NN	I didn 't order a pizza ! "
tr	NNS	And I 'll need a thousand dollars up front . "
tr	NNS	Roberts and Collins had already taken down their targets and were advancing towards the colonel .
tr	NNS	" Like all the bad things you have nightmares about when you 're a kid .
tr	NN	He put the hover height as high as it would go so that he could get the best view of the city .
tr	NN	She threw down the jack of hearts .
tr	NNS	Jes brought both promised items when he returned , followed by someone else ; a woman in her thirties and likely a servant .
tr	NN	But we had no option except trusting to luck .
tr	NNS	" Four different family members having bouts of false labor during your bridal shower .
tr	NNS	" Everyone stripped their powers before they came in , so tonight it 's balls to the walls .
tr	NNS	The air always smells so fresh after it rains , and the sound is so soothing .
tr	NNS	" Last night Don Vito 's men burned my crops and stole my cattle . "
tr	NNS	" Aim all the sensors north of the river .
tr	NNS	She stood inches from him .
tr	NN	" I don 't see anybody , " he called down , " but there are some trees off to the south .
tr	NNS	She was fighting her instincts .
tr	NN	She dabbed her napkin over her lips and retired her fork and knife for the evening .
tr	NN	He has illustrated a wide range of subjects including science fiction , fantasy , horror , history , aviation , and children 's books .
tr	NNS	I took a pruning shears from him and took a close look at the first vine in the row .
tr	NN	Evie jammed a ball cap on her head , grabbed her sunglasses and hurried from the building .
tr	NN	She did have a nice rack .
tr	NNS	She slid her damp palms down the sides of her jeans , shaking her head in annoyance .
tr	NNS	She paced and chewed her fingernails , a habit she detested .
tr	NN	I get the impression he 's already an asshole . "
tr	NN	I have paid a fortune purchasing your serfs and - " She paused abruptly and stood .
tr	NNS	She raked her fingernails up his back , and in return he drew her right nipple deep into his mouth and sucked .
tr	NNS	He pulled back the covers on the bed and shifted the mattress ; no signs of bug life .
tr	NNS	Jason 's cleverness might cost him thirty-five thousand dollars .
tr	NN	Why get new furniture ?
tr	NN	The warden barked a command .
tr	NN	And you and I never found a reconciliation but only drifted further and further from one another .
tr	NNS	The woman he fondled fired four shots at him as he fled her bedroom .
tr	NN	But Fiona 's piece of scandal had no effect on the detective , whose face showed no interest at all .
tr	NN	One hand gripped a small caliber pistol .
tr	NNS	Laura was pulling dishes down from the cupboards and setting them on the counter top .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	He hooked his thumbs through her belt loops and pulled her close .
tr	NN	On the other side , he took off the backpack and put Nip down .
tr	NN	She carried her brutality in an exquisite human form of deceptive innocence .
tr	NN	I have little patience for men who abandon their duties . "
tr	NNS	" You say Closer and the first actor that comes to your mind is Jude Law ? "
tr	NNS	Paul forced the teams to evacuate , but there wasn 't enough time .
tr	NN	She might have snagged her blouse , and when she went to move , it pulled her back .
tr	NN	He pulled off the highway and tied Martha up .
tr	NNS	She made mew noises .
tr	NN	I imagined a simple maze in my mind .
tr	NN	I restrained the urge to punch him in the mouth .
tr	NN	She gave her son a pat on the back as he made his way onto the bus .
tr	NNS	" Rodin will bring experts in . "
tr	NNS	Stopping mere inches away from him .
tr	NNS	They both wore long black coats .
tr	NNS	Two parallel existences going down separate tracks , and now that they 've collided , I don 't feel any different .
tr	NNS	He hypnotically watched the wheels and the axle spin in unison .
tr	NNS	At last , as she stared at those hands fluttering through wild wisps of her hair , she could acknowledge the emptiness she had tried to hide .
tr	NN	I see her smirk and hope that this means she will let me stay .
tr	NNS	The man walked past , only inches from where he hid , and Sam caught a whiff of whiskey .
tr	NNS	Turbo and Stick would be laughing their butts off if they ever find out what happened .
tr	NN	Dana handed her passport to him , along with her press credentials .
tr	NN	" Remember that castle with the candy garden ?
tr	NN	August grabbed his t-shirt from the back of his chair and put it on .
tr	NNS	" So now what , " Lizzie asked Cass .
tr	NN	Much to Billie 's horror , Royce kept her pinned to his chest with one arm as he held out his other hand to her father .
tr	NN	The knowledge that she , too , wanted this , made the hot ache inside his chest gentle into a quiet warmth .
tr	NNS	It instantly recognized his credentials when he slid the card .
tr	NNS	I take a few deep breaths and take off again .
tr	NN	We did have a new addition to our group , Bryce .
tr	NNS	So you dated two actors then ? "
tr	NNS	They had a couple blocks of walking that provided the perfect amount of time for the two to catch up on the details of the week .
tr	NN	He got the same unpleasant sensation , though this time it was from his realization of what had happened .
tr	NN	I saw another item that I thought Lucky would love and bought it as well , and then quickly returned back to them .
tr	NN	Nomi was still firing the laser .
tr	NN	" Then you should trust my advice , sire .
tr	NNS	The hood had so many folds and was so long that she could see nothing and had to rely fully on the man next to her .
tr	NNS	" His grandson who seems to have joined the Doomsday Brethren .
tr	NNS	An advantage as very few infected roamed the lands surrounding the small city .
tr	NNS	He could definitely hear Joe 's footfalls now and they sounded as though they were getting closer .
tr	NN	And here I was holding a duck to her back .
tr	NN	Then picked up the gold pen and rolled it between his fingers .
tr	NNS	For one brief moment , flashing lights and sirens penetrated my senses .
tr	NNS	The girl scanned her surroundings again , looking slightly reluctant .
tr	NNS	We both had good families , good lives , but it wasn 't good enough .
tr	NNS	We have abilities and powers that no human will ever possess .
tr	NN	The last of the wind fluttered the hem of her black robe .
tr	NN	The neighbors have been complaining of lewd behavior ever since , some even darkly hinting of an incestuous connection between the three occupants .
tr	NNS	He cast his fears aside and dutifully marched forward into the black .
tr	NNS	But next time we need an air mattress and some ear plugs . "
tr	NN	With another reach into the bag , he had another package in his hands .
tr	NNS	When we got to the apartment , I kicked off my sandals , while he put his keys and wallet on the table .
tr	NN	She returned the squeeze and then let go .
tr	NNS	" The table holds more supplies , in drawers , and shelves .
tr	NNS	~ ~ ~ Joni loved small town politics .
tr	NN	Steve 's realised Simon 's intent too late .
tr	NNS	I woke up clueless , both about any prospects on the female front and about any physical cause for Sini 's nightmares .
tr	NNS	I had the balls to actually trust someone with my secrets .
tr	NNS	He snapped the reins and they started into town .
tr	NN	I remember every single detail like it happened yesterday .
tr	NN	She twisted the napkin on her lap and reached for calm .
tr	NNS	" I have good connections .
tr	NN	For committing a sin no greater than your own .
tr	NNS	Plus he had the shots of that tour bus completely out of place in the woods .
tr	NN	But Aiden had basketball , and I had cheerleading .
tr	NNS	Jake remembered his earlier suspicions about Morgan Drummond .
tr	NNS	While Alma had been slowly stepping into darkness , Kane was reclaiming his abilities with light .
tr	NNS	" I have four sons .
tr	NNS	You can 't blame yourselves for any of this .
tr	NNS	He does not take such chances .
tr	NN	We shall ask no quarter , for none shall be given to us .
tr	NN	No simple sandwich could satisfy the hunger inside her .
tr	NNS	Stupid man didn 't like his reports .
tr	NN	It takes all my willpower and strength combined to pry him off Ivy 's unmoving body .
tr	NNS	" Who 's got the compass ? "
tr	NN	He picked up the rag where Christina had left it and set himself to finishing the task of polishing the bar .
tr	NNS	" You bear no marks , either as a Courtesan or as a Favorite .
tr	NNS	She had undone the rather severe braids she customarily wore , and her blond hair framed her face softly .
tr	NNS	You 'd better cancel all of this afternoon 's and tomorrow 's meetings too . "
tr	NN	The sing-song voice instantly sent a slinking sensation down my spine , like a wayward insect .
tr	NN	The continual popping and snapping of the stenographer 's typing matched the president as he spoke .
tr	NN	He 'd never once thought about trying to get away with not telling her he 'd set up this whole sham of a marriage .
tr	NN	Kylie recognized her dad 's new assistant whom she 'd met last month at a company picnic .
tr	NN	If you want the truth to be known then all you need to do is tell the Witch Mother .
tr	NN	I took a package from my bag .
tr	NN	The energy in the room got a little hotter .
tr	NNS	I can pick out several cell leaders , along with various religious representatives .
tr	NN	They each embodied their craft with every breath , which is why they hired me .
tr	NNS	Some developed surprising abilities , while others birthed nothing at all .
tr	NN	No doubt people didn 't dare sneeze in his presence .
tr	NNS	" Did you cook those steaks like I taught you ? "
tr	NNS	Breathe those useless breaths .
tr	NN	I 'll be happy to answer any question you might have , " Taylor finished his short speech .
tr	NNS	We have six blocks to cover across very hostile territory , and there 's a right way to move in these situations to minimize exposure .
tr	NN	In one salon , posing as a young widow , Jessamine even examined the design for a black mourning dress of crepe and lace .
tr	NN	He gave that cell material from Fort Bragg .
tr	NNS	They do have special attributes , qualities I ´ ll never be able to match .
tr	NN	With a frustrated sigh , I purged the browser cache , deleted all cookies to be extra safe , and shut down the computer .
tr	NN	Soon however , Derek 's familiar knock broke our reverie and short-lived reunion .
tr	NN	She had a sudden glimpse of yet another woman altogether .
tr	NN	" What language are they speaking ? "
tr	NN	If we have a headache we take an aspirin .
tr	NNS	I would like to remove it before our encounter with the dragon , the restoration of my magical abilities would improve our chances .
tr	NNS	They had important cards they were not ready to show .
tr	NN	She suddenly felt the same impression that the pilot had .
tr	NN	Mr. Dean , I cannot allow such improper conduct in my home . "
tr	NNS	She had only gone a few paces when she stopped again .
tr	NN	Picture the scene ... And now add the sharp clicking of bone on stone , getting closer .
tr	NN	" What the devil are you doing ? "
tr	NNS	The week Gavin was born , they had doctors attempting to switch him with another baby , thinking we wouldn 't notice .
tr	NN	He had a beard that filled his whole face , but he smiled in Tuck 's head and that was probably a good thing .
tr	NN	Levana did not pick up her fork .
tr	NNS	" We 're having stewed octopus for lunch ? "
tr	NN	If I hadn 't been around , I have a hunch Kincaid might have tried to seduce you .
tr	NN	Did she glimpse a gleam of conscience in those eyes ?
tr	NN	Vlad raised his voice dangerously .
tr	NNS	" I 'm feeding my cats .
tr	NN	Again , history didn 't favour this option .
tr	NN	Thank goodness for all the rainy days .
tr	NNS	I have checked reports coming into the Department and this is not so .
tr	NN	She held a spaced out look in her eyes quite often .
tr	NN	For now , though , I followed Bill 's excited instruction to turn to act II , scene 2 .
tr	NN	I 've got your rope ; you can 't fall . "
tr	NN	Phoebe and Mike looked dumbstruck .
tr	NNS	Josh heard birds calling to each other from all over .
tr	NN	- screamed the Queen rising from her throne .
tr	NNS	He picked out several jokes that he found particularly funny and prepared for his stage debut .
tr	NNS	About thirty men showed up , all members of the church , and all hunting buddies .
tr	NNS	It sharpened her psychic abilities , of which she was already quite proficient .
tr	NN	" You 've got your life riding on this girl being found , and you want to waste time ? "
tr	NN	" You can have all new furniture for your room .
tr	NN	" I don 't have a condom .
tr	NNS	With a flick of the hand , Tanner turned the wing flaps to signal to the security police the plane was being hijacked , not just stolen .
tr	NNS	" I don 't do clubs . "
tr	NNS	The rush of the knowledge tipped the emotional scales to my wolf and a slow smile crept over my face before I could stop it .
tr	NNS	" When I 'm not being interrupted by the idle classes .
tr	NN	Just as well she had prepared that little speech because Quin 's strong magnetism was zapping all the sensible thoughts out of her mind .
tr	NN	' Oh my god ! '
tr	NNS	A shelf on one wall held the only personal ornaments in the place ; several abstract figures of dogs .
tr	NN	Instead , he pulled a single condom from his jeans ' pocket .
tr	NNS	She also pulled out some smaller items that were clearly undergarments .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	I understood the meaning of her words .
tr	NN	Pull up the anchor !
tr	NNS	The room itself had a few students sitting in spread out locations .
tr	NNS	He dragged the covers off of her and slid his hand over her stomach , up to her breast .
tr	NN	Colby took the receiver .
tr	NNS	" This monster has very small fangs . "
tr	NNS	Trust issues -- of course he had trust issues .
tr	NN	" I need some privacy .
tr	NNS	He saw only more blank stares from the two children following him .
tr	NNS	The smell of sweet nectar and summer flowers invade my senses .
tr	NN	Signaling Jerome , he said , " Got any vinegar back there ? "
tr	NN	My impassioned speech had no effect on Brittany .
tr	NNS	I return the insults by reminding them that I 'm not a white frat boy like them and from now on I 'll buy my own clothes .
tr	NN	One second , he was swinging a reverse sweep at the dummy .
tr	NN	And he jabs the pirate behind him , who then fights back .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't use her powers to clear that out of here with Isak present .
tr	NNS	" He had some good points .
tr	NNS	She recapped the afternoon 's discoveries .
tr	NNS	But doesn 't that happen on all wrestling teams ? "
tr	NN	But we 're getting off topic . "
tr	NNS	And he had the longest eyelashes she 'd ever seen ; startling on a man .
tr	NNS	" Problems and troubles . "
tr	NNS	He had no desires and did not even think about reaching the top nor why he should reach it .
tr	NN	' Trust me , it will give me no joy to be one of her army of eternal followers .
tr	NN	The road climbed a ridge and ran out between two opposing faces of rock , the river gushing again far below .
tr	NNS	And when she looked over to Agent Barnes , he gave her two thumbs up and looked very pleased with himself .
tr	NN	" Does it have a road junction from the right as you 're driving north ? "
tr	NNS	" We have no crews .
tr	NN	Could you stuff a fish ?
tr	NNS	Hephaestus placed two large stacks of paper on the table .
tr	NNS	We have armies and worlds to devour ! "
tr	NN	Savannah gave him a three fingered salute .
tr	NNS	The man knelt a few yards from Agamemnon , and Nestor felt his brows rise .
tr	NN	He had had his first lesson on girls .
tr	NN	I had not brought the boot .
tr	NNS	Wherever she had chosen to go to ground , she had hidden her tracks well .
tr	NNS	And it had two markings on it .
tr	NNS	He was nailing boards on top of the barn .
tr	NN	" Admiring my treasure ? "
tr	NNS	I gave him a few inches for his toothbrush and he took a mile . "
tr	NN	I feel the heat flood into my cheeks and I awkwardly remove my hand .
tr	NN	The thought made his stomach clench and his heart ache .
tr	NNS	She took several breaths of water and closed her eyes , then lifted the fillet to her mouth and took a nibble .
tr	NN	I knew the probability of it , and indeed , I aided in its course . "
tr	NN	The explosion would vaporize Fish , along with his car and a section of the road about three feet deep and twelve feet in diameter .
tr	NN	" We eventually found an underground water supply here that we were able to tap .
tr	NN	Then she found a janitor and made him open the lost and found for her , all to no avail .
tr	NNS	" Look , we didn 't attack our allies .
tr	NN	Give him a dummy briefcase , let us have enough time to skip town before he realizes he was faked out . "
tr	NNS	He 'd given her two incredible orgasms , and she wanted to do the same for him , or die trying .
tr	NN	He said a silent prayer for the beast , for what was once one of God 's creatures .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , we 've finally got some hard data on the exterior .
tr	NN	She sighed and took out her hairbrush .
tr	NNS	" You follow the crops , Senor ? "
tr	NN	By her carefully chosen words she gave the impression of being just one of the crowd herself , anxious to find out all about the project .
tr	NNS	Helen gently turned the pages and skimmed the text .
tr	NNS	He grabs the waters and throws one toward the couch .
tr	NNS	I don 't want the ghosts of our past ruining our future .
tr	NNS	We were specifically targeting inhabitable planets .
tr	NN	Who 's running this operation ? "
tr	NN	He couldn 't believe his good fortune when Katja drank his concoction in one gulp .
tr	NNS	He had his own doubts , of course , but he didn 't want to discourage her .
tr	NNS	All Alphas had offices there .
tr	NNS	It would mean no more chances for him to prove himself against the various challenges they tested him with .
tr	NNS	I locate the physical breakers for the lighting systems and flip all twenty of them down in quick succession .
tr	NNS	But we couldn 't catch the dragons .
tr	NN	Only he 's painted his beard and hidden his tool arm . "
tr	NN	He subconsciously gripped the chair railing on the wall behind himself .
tr	NN	I didn 't tell my uncle I was going .
tr	NN	I give a huff of a laugh .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't make out individual houses , but he found her neighborhood , her street .
tr	NNS	" In other words , you 've been eating your meals cold all week because you can 't figure out how the microwave or stove work . "
tr	NNS	Jess had purchased scratchy , impractical items for her .
tr	NNS	Imminent danger drove the doubts from her mind , giving rise to the thirst that had carried her there in the first place .
tr	NN	I owe her a favor because she gave us information about the location of the dragon 's egg . "
tr	NN	After struggling through chemotherapy and radiation treatment , my mother finally beat her cancer .
tr	NN	I can hear the groaning of metal above as the helicopter blades start up .
tr	NNS	I was probably dramatically increasing my chances of getting cancer , but I preferred that to having filthy little bugs burrowing into my head .
tr	NNS	He put his palms up .
tr	NN	The same mounds of earth dominated the landscape here , the path winding through them , off into the unseen .
tr	NNS	And I also felt her utter ruthlessness .
tr	NN	I had a shrinking distaste for touching Torrance 's body , but I pursed my lips and ran my hands over him .
tr	NN	I don 't have her faith in the ancient magician but I search anyway .
tr	NN	We see great potential in you .
tr	NN	His words made her shudder and hold him tighter .
tr	NNS	He purposely leaves these texts for me then asks about them later .
tr	NN	Haven tossed her backpack into the limo and climbed in after it .
tr	NN	Paris could still feel the fright in her aura .
tr	NN	With William 's marriage a stark contrast to his own bachelor 's life , they 'd rarely had the occasion to exchange words .
tr	NNS	Jordan tapped the blast marks .
tr	NN	So it does flow .
tr	NN	People here gave the term character an entirely new meaning .
tr	NN	Both Sarah and Daniel had said he was weird and a stalker , this turned off any willingness I had to be friends with James .
tr	NN	He lit a burner on the stove and in minutes whipped up dehydrated scrambled eggs , accompanied by more crackers and something resembling orange juice .
tr	NNS	We can wear flame proof suits , go out , subdue the dragon and then get the dragon masters to twaddle him back to his den ! "
tr	NN	He pulled a wad of money from his wallet and handed it to her .
tr	NNS	Besides their giant muscular bodies , they had the regenerative abilities and super senses of a human vampire , as well as telepathic links with their maker .
tr	NN	Ethan lifted a strand of her hair and looped it around his finger .
tr	NN	He found the hunter seated at a back table devouring a steak .
tr	NN	" The humans dream their technology , their grand sweeping visions , and forget us .
tr	NN	She held out the muffin , but I shook my head with a grimace , feeling my stomach roll just at the thought of eating it .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any more surprises than what we are already facing from William 's men and Marlena . "
tr	NN	Then he would take the lid off his Starbuck 's coffee , sit down and begin to work .
tr	NNS	I stuff the pages into the waistband of my jeans and pull my shirt down over them .
tr	NNS	" I also packed explosives . "
tr	NNS	His monitor displayed limited access corridors for space , high speed and commuter flights .
tr	NNS	The house must have concealed cameras and alarms .
tr	NN	" But believe me , we know the drill . "
tr	NN	" We 've been tracking the Big Sur flock all day , and I 'm about to go back to the bluffs .
tr	NNS	Seize those opportunities and don 't make the same horrible , life-changing mistakes I did .
tr	NN	Adam loved the apple juice , and Eve offered to get more , but Adam suggested that they practice their instructions first .
tr	NNS	You can give important people suites and entertain them in your own restaurant .
tr	NN	He had the element of surprise on his side .
tr	NNS	" Dorothy is writing the lyrics .
tr	NN	I 'd never considered the possibility .
tr	NN	Most of the town of Lalibela was situated off the main highway , along bumpy gravel roads .
tr	NN	" To your health . "
tr	NNS	I can see the marks of the Apollyon . "
tr	NNS	They entered the women 's areas only by invitation , and the Mother could expel them into the cold for the smallest infractions .
tr	NN	" And one of us could use a shave .
tr	NNS	I 'd be finding gravel pits for the highways if I hadn 't stayed in the academic world .
tr	NN	" Sweetie , now you 're going to have lunch , why are you eating this crap ? "
tr	NNS	But I do not believe our destiny lies in a strong military .
tr	NNS	" She can 't shift forms to heal .
tr	NNS	After all , she was still wearing her Birthright Jewels , still cutting her Craft baby teeth .
tr	NNS	She put the dishes in the dishwasher , and asked me if I needed any other help .
tr	NN	She sent another blast of power out , striking it where humanoid and spider met .
tr	NNS	He 'd take a few deep breaths , click on a game , or channel surf , or we 'd go get something to eat .
tr	NNS	" More birds . "
tr	NNS	At the end of four months , they performed their new numbers for the first time in front of a live audience .
tr	NNS	" Three dollars ! "
tr	NNS	They couldn 't tolerate the rudeness of others , which drove them to distraction , such that they had little time for the problems of others .
tr	NN	' Order some pizza .
tr	NNS	He surveyed the surroundings , while a demon roared to my right .
tr	NNS	They like car rides . "
tr	NNS	I cleaned up the dishes and headed back up to my room .
tr	NNS	She tipped the helpers , and then waved at the passengers as the bus crunched into gear .
tr	NN	The gunslinger followed his example .
tr	NNS	Ainsley was making beautiful noises , and Cameron kissed her throat again .
tr	NN	Albert had previously learned the unique transponder identifier code .
tr	NN	All he could do was clutch the receiver and wait .
tr	NNS	" I loved Grams ' pies .
tr	NNS	' I 've never pulled anyone 's fingernails out before .
tr	NN	Perhaps he should jump off the cart and go to see what had happened to his friends !
tr	NN	She put down the pen , wiped her hand on her pants .
tr	NN	Together , they received the hero medal for saving four Marines during a routine weapons launch . "
tr	NNS	We 've got the subjects .
tr	NNS	He dug his fingernails into his palms .
tr	NN	When I submitted a synopsis for a second book , she stole the universe I had created and most of the plot . "
tr	NN	Damn this place , it had weakened her resolve and allowed despair to dent her confidence .
tr	NNS	He must suffer the long cold winters for four years in Upper Michigan .
tr	NNS	" I always consider their families . "
tr	NN	" You want respect ?
tr	NNS	" We do have hospitals , schools , and airports named after us .
tr	NNS	The only legal biting that could take place between humans and vampires was between consenting adults , in private .
tr	NNS	We all have different expectations in life .
tr	NN	They were still walking up the hill , at least the pace was more reasonable now .
tr	NNS	And because He knows , He has perfect empathy and perfect solutions and perfect blessings just for you .
tr	NNS	Commands always send us their sh * t birds .
tr	NN	She even demanded worship from mankind since the sacrificial delivery of blood is a creative ritual like menstruation . "
tr	NN	She 'd always had a vivid imagination , but now she found herself wishing she could turn it off .
tr	NN	What a weak word to describe this complex brew .
tr	NNS	Bill slammed his palms on the table , stood up , and yelled , " Get the fuck out of here !
tr	NN	How on earth could a slip of a girl like Fila set his thigh ?
tr	NNS	" She was only protecting her cubs . "
tr	NN	I have a really big favor to ask . "
tr	NN	She dropped her weeding tool and got to her feet , patting the dirt off her legs .
tr	NN	" I tell you , he drew his dagger ! "
tr	NNS	She had all sorts of things listed .
tr	NNS	He scans the booths for girls they know .
tr	NN	" Got no rope .
tr	NN	She made a slow spin around to face him again .
tr	NNS	You could wind up with nothing , and a debt of two hundred thousand dollars plus interest . "
tr	NNS	Still that impatient , steady gaze , so Jac clarified : ' You know , your organizational abilities in the library .
tr	NNS	I want our families to know each other . "
tr	NN	Hartman notices a green blinking caption near Red 's holographic head .
tr	NNS	" Who researches poisons as a hobby ?
tr	NN	As the ground approached Charlie deliberated their only option , repeating the order to his men : ' Jump and roll .
tr	NNS	He could feel her nipples pressed against him .
tr	NN	He let out a long moan .
tr	NNS	For you to get the highest distinction we award , we must have more data on your Subject .
tr	NN	" We have no proof . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't do grief .
tr	NN	And when he became " too old " to carry a stuffed bear , he kept the toy hidden in his bed .
tr	NN	The group entered a five-story tower and into the dinner hall .
tr	NNS	The building has interior corridors with few entry points and an internal parking garage .
tr	NN	She entered the hut , immediately letting out a small shriek .
tr	NN	Ralston popped open his briefcase and handed me a form .
tr	NN	On his hand , he held the katana , its blade beaming in the light .
tr	NN	And I felt a measure of pride at that .
tr	NN	Michael got his extinguisher going just as mine emptied out .
tr	NNS	" Guess ... " He guesses right , because he takes me by the elbows and pul s my body up so our noses touch .
tr	NN	Why shouldn 't we create a framework , using hypnosis , to test the guilt of a defendant 's mind ?
tr	NNS	Have you noticed all the red buildings ? "
tr	NN	He could smell my arousal ?
tr	NN	Abbey picked up the sobbing Chloe .
tr	NN	" From whence does this code of ethics then come ? "
tr	NN	As he dropped his speed to enter town , he caught a glimpse of motion along the shoulder .
tr	NN	Wasting no time , he pushes the lid upward , letting it fall back upon its hinges .
tr	NN	She blew a bubble and popped it .
tr	NNS	Rose continued her efforts for awhile longer before abruptly leaving .
tr	NN	" Do not use that condescending attitude with me .
tr	NN	I gripped the pen like it was hope , itself .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the three combatants shifted a few inches in one direction or the other .
tr	NN	The cough makes the telltale whoop through her chest .
tr	NNS	Beneath it , her leg had deep rake marks , so deep the muscle poured from the slashes .
tr	NNS	I do hope the modifications I made with the seamstress will suit you for now . "
tr	NN	Erin would record her proof .
tr	NNS	Kane races across the gap , bunching his haunches at the last moment .
tr	NNS	Silvery light bathed the cliffs and reflected off the central pool .
tr	NN	I 'll make an adjustment .
tr	NNS	Russell calls the shots in Mississippi . "
tr	NN	Conlan had gotten custody of the friendship in the divorce .
tr	NN	Luca fights a smirk .
tr	NN	He peeled the hem of my shirt up .
tr	NNS	Within an hour the outfitter had rides heading our way .
tr	NNS	Even as these thoughts crossed my mind , I felt some fears rising up .
tr	NN	She stepped over the threshold and sat on the twin bed , surrounded by a little girl 's treasures and a mother 's love .
tr	NNS	Remember this meeting is being fed live to the Alliance , he cautioned mentally .
tr	NN	It 'll change your whole outlook .
tr	NNS	" To distract him from his amorous interests ?
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths .
tr	NNS	Initially she 'd had her doubts that such a breezy style would suit Grace , the town 's head librarian , but she 'd been wrong .
tr	NN	" Then you don 't want your info ? "
tr	NNS	It had teeth marks in it .
tr	NNS	We have some leftover sandwiches and champagne .
tr	NNS	She could not comprehend such torment , or understand how any man , vampire or not , could be so cruel to his own flesh and blood .
tr	NNS	The savory smells of venison stew and fresh bread tickled his senses , and he happily obliged when the door closed .
tr	NN	He found another staircase and began descending when he heard Williams calling him on the radio .
tr	NN	Reuben felt a lump in his throat .
tr	NN	We have no shortage of customers at whatever cost .
tr	NN	Biting her lip , Ava set her basket down at the foot of the bed .
tr	NN	" Now , " Maren said , " Piers will provide a lesson in what it means to cross me . "
tr	NN	Jimmy gunned his rocket and took off , continuing his course to space .
tr	NNS	Lucia will have beaches there , as well . "
tr	NN	It stirred a hunger in me that haunts me no matter where I go . "
tr	NNS	And then I feel scandalous for thinking such a thing , but it 's the truth .
tr	NN	I lose my patience .
tr	NNS	He flipped open the pages and read from the front .
tr	NN	Shouting wordlessly , I raised my revolver and shot several times , too excited to aim properly .
tr	NN	That puts a different spin on things but only slightly .
tr	NN	My heart knots inside my chest and I swallow the lump in my throat .
tr	NN	I consider it my duty . "
tr	NNS	Out of oily paper he unpacked six claymore mines , wire and a small transmitter .
tr	NN	He gave her ear a light nip .
tr	NN	Seeing that , Alonso got a towel and wiped Lea 's blood away .
tr	NN	Their handshake looked a bit brutal on both sides .
tr	NN	I could not repress a shudder .
tr	NN	" Inform Mr. Drummond that I will attend to this at once , " he told the attendant as he pocketed the letter .
tr	NN	I was doing a lab and I lost my balance and fell . "
tr	NN	Troops would drive along this highway to capture Monterrey and Mexico City .
tr	NN	yelled the pilot over the intercom speaker .
tr	NNS	" You can call off the dogs .
tr	NN	Even though his gaze never wavered from hers , she had the distinct impression that he could see everything around him .
tr	NN	She felt an odd prickling inside her brain , and realised that her thoughts were being read .
tr	NNS	She could 've eaten five steaks .
tr	NNS	He made leaps and connections between the words Graham said and his own experiences .
tr	NN	He slid open a small peephole in the door and gazed through it .
tr	NNS	You had no defenses against that beast .
tr	NN	The man 's flames met the cage and melted through .
tr	NN	Thank goodness she 'd brought gloves .
tr	NN	He had suffered a leaderless mutiny of his own gutless making .
tr	NNS	If this is widespread in North America , it will affect the islands .
tr	NNS	Let 's kill two birds with one proverbial stone .
tr	NN	" He has neither the intelligence , commitment nor staying power to plan anything more intricate than his next party . "
tr	NN	" At once I left the tower .
tr	NNS	He 'd just pulled his sweats back on when the bus slowed down and veered to the right .
tr	NN	She practically seduced the poor warlock .
tr	NN	Saw some insane combat in Fallujah .
tr	NNS	Because , for once , I 'm calling the shots .
tr	NNS	Og shouted down at them , the offspring stopped their chattering arguments .
tr	NNS	Then the fishermen cut off their fins and tails and slide their bodies back into the water , all while they 're still alive .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to step closer .
tr	NNS	Before that , we just had bird brains if you recall .
tr	NN	He picked up the pistol that he had placed on the table in front of him and checked it was loaded .
tr	NNS	I can feel the butterflies in my stomach and they 're not happy with me at all . "
tr	NN	Most vampires could lay an effective compulsion on werewolves , including the Grand Master .
tr	NN	Maybe then they could defuse the attraction lurking between them .
tr	NNS	" What if they are not only resting , but reconfiguring their ships ?
tr	NNS	I left five dollars under my plate after breakfast but that won 't keep her very long . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't need psychic abilities to figure out whatever he wanted to talk to me about wasn 't good .
tr	NN	Fresh off the breakup with Cal , Kali couldn 't ignore the possibility that she was simply on the rebound .
tr	NNS	For some inexplicable reason , the powers that be had heard my prayers and had let Saturday night happen .
tr	NNS	She could never trust her instincts when it came to him .
tr	NNS	The Prince , who all his life had been inclined to introversion , had no complaints .
tr	NN	She felt her pulse climb .
tr	NNS	" Like red roses in a bridal bouquet . "
tr	NN	She knew her granddaughter very well .
tr	NNS	I didn 't actually know his motivations , but those seemed logical .
tr	NN	He held up the towel with raised eyebrows , and she nodded , stifling a smile .
tr	NNS	Neither of the two wore coats , though it was definitely coat weather .
tr	NN	Rand made an impatient gesture .
tr	NNS	We 're having twins .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't believe the similarities this room had to the one from her dreams .
tr	NNS	I dipped my goggles in the water , pretending to clean the lenses so it wasn 't obvious that I was staring at her .
tr	NN	She 'll have a heavy hangover tomorrow , but her job isn 't exactly brain surgery .
tr	NNS	Mike watched the roads and the cliffs as they went .
tr	NNS	" Maybe he 's having stomach issues that he doesn 't want to discuss .
tr	NNS	I tossed a few coins into several coffee cups .
tr	NNS	But the pandemonium dwarfed their efforts .
tr	NN	Eve accepted the offering .
tr	NNS	What if it gives you nightmares ? "
tr	NN	He even played the keyboard , sometimes .
tr	NN	He shouldered his rifle and pulled his uniform up , squinting .
tr	NN	" My boss would never okay such a trade . "
tr	NNS	Some were picking their noses , or ears , or playing with stones but mostly they were listening .
tr	NN	Mito 's lip made a twitch that might have been a smile .
tr	NN	They must have had an argument , Eleonora told herself , but she continued to think about the writing she had just seen on the sidewalk .
tr	NN	The tone of Father Tomas 's voice silenced any further pleading .
tr	NNS	All three hounds snapped their jaws and clawed at the marble floor .
tr	NN	He felt his pulse quicken .
tr	NNS	" Mad finger skills ? "
tr	NN	I didn 't cross the threshold of the basilica before the golden light burst from the book .
tr	NNS	" If you had one night ... with any man ... no strings attached , no complications ... who would it be ? "
tr	NN	Doing his best to keep his dislike from his voice , Colin introduced the chief to Nell .
tr	NNS	Right then , I didn 't want to be left alone , I wanted Rhys .
tr	NN	" What harm can it do , Stephen ?
tr	NN	While it dried , she removed her tape measure from her leather work belt and analyzed the remaining corner of the dining room .
tr	NN	When I was about to yell at the phone , she finally blurted out , " Got full scholarship ! "
tr	NNS	He shoved his doubts aside .
tr	NNS	I strode a few paces away , my boots crunching snow with every step .
tr	NNS	And he had so many obligations .
tr	NN	He considered Nicolas 's protest , his dramatic exit .
tr	NN	She pulled away the towel , stroked his cheek .
tr	NN	" We hear the pump . "
tr	NNS	I grab a few items from the car , the flashlight , the metal case , the few boxes of the handgun ammo and Cherie 's suitcase .
tr	NNS	Jessie pulled off his boxers and sat down on the couch , holding his arms out for me to climb on top of him .
tr	NNS	" We have some meetings coming up that ... " " I 'll be back in a day or two . "
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths before turning the corner to walk calmly down the stairs and into the hall .
tr	NN	That might stir some bloke up .
tr	NN	From a distance , we appear a row of metallic and robotic to the human eye .
tr	NNS	" The dean gave me the funds to print the article with the same cover as the catalog .
tr	NN	Sara interrupted our seemingly private dialogue .
tr	NNS	I had three more texts .
tr	NN	" I take the money , you don 't tell anybody about this .
tr	NNS	We shouldered our backpacks and trudged up the stairs .
tr	NN	I stifled a yawn , trying to hide my disinterest behind one hand .
tr	NNS	My brain doesn 't have the connections it needs between sight and objects .
tr	NNS	I should go apologize . "
tr	NN	She lost a shoe in the attack and he did not retrieve it for her .
tr	NN	They didn 't even say goodnight .
tr	NNS	He was using his thumbs to massage my temples and the delicate bones around my eyes .
tr	NN	I instantly got the impression they were talking about me .
tr	NN	Deanna picked up the jack .
tr	NN	Before and above them stood the contraption in al its glory .
tr	NNS	He invariably left messes in the lab , although admittedly he had a prodigious capacity for concentrated work once he got started .
tr	NN	He made a purchase and planned to take it back to the alley and drink it while he waited for Abe to show up .
tr	NN	Native reform movements in Switzerland found leadership in John Calvin , whose Institutes of the Christian Religion became the most influential synopsis of the new theology .
tr	NN	Precedents in Texas and California have granted custody to the father in similar situations . "
tr	NNS	The scouts relayed sensor data to The Village of War .
tr	NNS	" We 'll set three more plates for you . "
tr	NN	Number 27 rose and left the sanctuary walking toward a waiting car .
tr	NN	She twirls a clump of her hair with one finger .
tr	NNS	She was overseeing the servants who were setting up the seats for the joust .
tr	NN	He has a strut that 's just cocky enough to make my knees weak .
tr	NNS	" I learned the schematics of the tunnels under London .
tr	NNS	We must lay our tiles in order first .
tr	NNS	I quickly put away the leftover refreshments and proceeded to the service .
tr	NN	Everything that happens to us , good and bad , leaves a lasting impression in our souls .
tr	NNS	She had complications from her last surgery and they had to go back in .
tr	NNS	Matthew Wong prefers peaches over cherries .
tr	NN	" It 'll give the victim 's family some closure .
tr	NNS	I 'll take measures to protect my interests .
tr	NN	For some insane reason , she had grown fond of him .
tr	NNS	She studied her surroundings carefully , picking out the next high point where Drake might go .
tr	NN	Noel started digging where the old man had pointed out .
tr	NN	She set the cage on the floor and opened the door .
tr	NN	The thought of blood caused an ache in the pit of my stomach .
tr	NN	With a few deft strokes he created a knot of tension low in her belly .
tr	NNS	They both just flashed goofy grins at him .
tr	NN	Nick turned the knob twice .
tr	NN	I pull my lighter from my pocket , still stunned beyond words at what he just told me .
tr	NN	The final pierced the cockpit , draining the air out of it , before it exploded , launching Olaf into space .
tr	NNS	Donna 's high cheekbones now red , matching her spring blouse and skirt .
tr	NNS	Until then you will prepare yourselves .
tr	NN	" My name 's Alexey and this is my friend Anatoly , " the second man who had an athletic body followed his example .
tr	NN	She quickly hanged the pay phone receiver into its cradle and took a really deep breath .
tr	NN	Luckily , she didn 't meet anybody between the penthouse and the basement .
tr	NN	" They used a blasting powder of magnificent strength .
tr	NNS	Mack pushes the wires back into the control panel and screws on the cover .
tr	NN	She grabbed the candle back and once she was the only one holding the candle the flame appeared again .
tr	NNS	They were making 28 knots and were at full speed now , but would have to slow later when the seas started to swell more .
tr	NNS	She was wearing a low cut sundress that showed off just how fit she had stayed through the years .
tr	NN	He had such faith in her .
tr	NN	That she 'd experiment , with no constraints , problems or reporters to hinder her inhibitions .
tr	NNS	" And I have other clients waiting up front , so I 'll need an answer , boy .
tr	NN	I felt an ache in my chest as emotion momentarily overcame me .
tr	NN	" It would undoubtedly save your reputation .
tr	NN	This young commander had not yet earned the respect of the rest of the Wardens , but in this he felt his superior was judging wisely .
tr	NNS	Once again Danny went to the nearest phone and pressed intercom and his voice was heard loud and clear over the stores speaker systems .
tr	NN	As she watched the bodies stain the ivory white snow , she felt a deep sorrow well up within her .
tr	NNS	We 'll spend our weekends and summers here . "
tr	NNS	I had no powers .
tr	NNS	Down below , I could see workers with brooms pushing piles of sand from the sidewalks , the clean-up already beginning .
tr	NNS	He scribbled the directions on a slip of paper .
tr	NN	He doesn 't trust the Compound at all .
tr	NN	Oliver was eating his burger , licking sauce off his fingers .
tr	NNS	" He 's got cameras everywhere , Michael , watching everything .
tr	NNS	On the plane she 'd rehearsed several apologies , but none sounded quite right so she 'd have to wing it now .
tr	NNS	Immediately , I slapped my palms to his chest and pushed .
tr	NNS	Last , but far from least , she had a directness , an honesty about her that disarmed him completely .
tr	NNS	Or at least that he would be so used to this place , he wouldn 't even see its wonders anymore .
tr	NNS	It would take centuries , but not if Sebastian helps her . "
tr	NNS	Black Mist has either wizards or warlocks , I 'm sure of it now , I returned .
tr	NNS	And you don 't have any illusions about me .
tr	NN	After all , not everyone of your kind has the self-control you do .
tr	NNS	Goats make excellent pets in a land where garbage disposal is rudimentary at best .
tr	NN	' I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NNS	James took several deep breaths and stood .
tr	NNS	It 's like watching the dumb criminals in the old batman TV series . "
tr	NNS	As well as the list , everyone had pens , paper , and a glass tumbler set on round mats of blotting paper .
tr	NNS	" Get up wimp ! "
tr	NNS	However , he really didn 't have too many other disposable assets to send forth at the moment .
tr	NN	He made a silent oath to make that happen .
tr	NNS	No , I just used my questioning skills to ask Annabelle , and then I looked you up on my phone . '
tr	NN	I knew the drill , as it had been the topic of many dinner conversations at home .
tr	NNS	" Okay , screw the supplies .
tr	NNS	Okay , I 've got Wisconsin drivers in front of me , and I have to get off the phone .
tr	NN	" We can petition the Church for an annulment of your marriage -- and mine , for that matter .
tr	NNS	" I haven 't had that many lovers . "
tr	NNS	I 've met folks who 'll steal anything . "
tr	NNS	We have different priorities .
tr	NN	The setting sun bathed the structure with an orange glow , giving it an ethereal feel .
tr	NN	Darnell overheard Jiao 's command .
tr	NN	The small talk was making my head spin .
tr	NNS	The last thing she remembered was reaching Rio 's teammates and having the last of her strength flee .
tr	NN	" You got notification duty ? "
tr	NN	Beside her stood a blood-pressure monitor and an IV pole .
tr	NNS	He 'd crossed the red markings on the floor in order to reach her , but he 'd been careful not to smudge those strange lines .
tr	NNS	Sexual frustration makes folks cranky .
tr	NNS	John could detect the cameras when the screens were watched in real time .
tr	NN	She had seen that gesture before , too , and knew that the smooth curve of the wood seemed to comfort him .
tr	NN	She gave him a smirk .
tr	NNS	He noticed markings , bent branches where his sheep must have gone , and turned in that direction .
tr	NN	" Tell this little prick to open the door . "
tr	NNS	Then he kissed her upturned palms and he let her go .
tr	NN	" You got any tomato juice ? "
tr	NN	" It shows a devotion to your mother 's memory .
tr	NN	Altair had given Jabal a truncated version of his findings ; he had hidden his true feelings of disgust from the Bureau leader .
tr	NNS	He possessed skills and knowledge that our best smiths simply do not have .
tr	NNS	I have meetings in London tomorrow morning . "
tr	NNS	Daphne yanked off the covers and pul ed me out of bed way , way too early .
tr	NNS	" And your city , it didn 't have factions ? "
tr	NNS	" Sadly , we have our suspicions as to who it might be and that isn 't good news . "
tr	NN	" You have some twisted logic . "
tr	NNS	I mindlessly grab a few items .
tr	NNS	The town of Cape Falls may be having changes , but the people were still stuck in the past .
tr	NN	" You have your fee ? "
tr	NNS	He wore charcoal slacks and a starched white shirt .
tr	NN	" So ends my lesson . "
tr	NN	And I could finally reap my vengeance .
tr	NNS	" Barrett doing drugs ?
tr	NNS	For one really awful moment , Tula actually felt envious of that happiness .
tr	NN	If you read the article entitled " Skyler Base : Why Rings ? "
tr	NNS	We all have families . "
tr	NNS	Her brother hated all witches .
tr	NN	" Your blood gives the letter credibility . "
tr	NNS	I am giving you my apologies . "
tr	NN	A certain warning that his growing desperation to put an end to Tristan was rattling the cold logic he had always taken such pride in .
tr	NNS	' I 've given you skills you can use to supplement your income in the future .
tr	NNS	" No doctors or buildings .
tr	NN	I see her stiffen , and square her shoulders .
tr	NNS	She dropped her supplies onto the counter and shoved herself away from him as he closed the distance .
tr	NN	He learnt the language and the customs .
tr	NN	Staffan saw the gesture .
tr	NNS	" Five hundred fourteen thousand dollars ? "
tr	NNS	I pull the covers over my face , as if it will help me savor it .
tr	NN	Judge Alistair ordered a trial by fire .
tr	NN	And it wouldn 't do her reputation any favors , either , especially in such a small community .
tr	NNS	Soon , I discovered the red paints on my desk .
tr	NNS	And why had he rescued those condoms and shoved them under one of the couch cushions ?
tr	NN	" What priority should I assign to this ? "
tr	NN	" Now , let 's follow this assumption .
tr	NNS	There were cleansing spells that could remove psychic residue from an object .
tr	NNS	He held out both open palms : " Señor , I am sure if we ... ... " I cut him off abruptly .
tr	NN	When all the testimony had been presented the judge made his ruling .
tr	NNS	The helicopter dove toward them , nose dipping , blades cutting the air with a deafening chop .
tr	NNS	" You have many servants here ? "
tr	NN	I had an inkling he was checking make sure I hadn 't died of shock .
tr	NNS	Strong enough to splinter these beams and twist them out of shape and knock stuff off the shelves .
tr	NNS	He was wearing blue boxer briefs , and I averted my eyes from the front of his shorts .
tr	NN	I threw LJ 's rifle at her and tried to run away .
tr	NN	Sam couldn 't avoid the sorrow in his eyes .
tr	NNS	" Excellent , then we are agreed , gentlemen .
tr	NNS	The letter gave him bragging rights over his friends and he relished holding and maintaining that privilege .
tr	NN	I flip open my visor .
tr	NNS	Heading down once again , she expects all sorts of monsters , ogres and demons to jump out at her .
tr	NN	We only recognized the estate 's potential a few years ago .
tr	NNS	" I 've got other priorities . "
tr	NN	He flashes a dimple and I melt a little more .
tr	NNS	Bubbles , and a billowing flowered blouse .
tr	NNS	A warm breeze came off the plains and he reflected , on how different a universe it was , than a night ago .
tr	NNS	She 'd been ignoring his texts all week .
tr	NNS	I poured the bubbles into the tub and the bubbles came up .
tr	NNS	" I 've done book tours out West and I think the dry heat can kill you .
tr	NNS	I don 't regret my actions , because perhaps things would not be as they are now .
tr	NNS	The dog had found three more mushrooms on the way back to camp , all of them small ones which would have escaped attention otherwise .
tr	NNS	He had visions of being a generational star .
tr	NNS	He observed the corpses and ruined buildings in the surrounding area .
tr	NN	He stood half a foot taller than the other two cops who looked to be in their 30s .
tr	NN	He needed the treatment , she needed to work , and she couldn 't be with him .
tr	NNS	I 'd gotten nauseous over pictures , long-dead women , and a killer who 'd already been convicted .
tr	NNS	He snapped the reins , shouting , " Yah ! "
tr	NN	Shivering , I turned the knob .
tr	NNS	Granny views the black panels .
tr	NN	His finger touched a condom but he resisted the urge to offer one so soon .
tr	NN	And she said a quick silent prayer .
tr	NN	Chapter 18 Moss had engineered an olive branch to present to Marion Wentworth , without discussing it with anyone on the case .
tr	NN	I need some advice . "
tr	NNS	She leaned forward , her face inches from his , and closed her eyes .
tr	NNS	An angry red rash covered a few inches of skin on his wrist .
tr	NN	Whatever was happening , my trembling hands had already started the task of searching for the spot where I 'd left off .
tr	NNS	Ogg delivered regular supplies of fresh water in plastic buckets .
tr	NNS	You can let yourselves out . "
tr	NN	She can handle the marketing department . "
tr	NNS	She enhanced Ryland 's abilities and cleared out the garbage of stray thoughts and emotions .
tr	NN	She didn 't even recognize the area code .
tr	NN	I felt something whip through the air a second before it wrapped around my leg , dragging me down .
tr	NN	He mounts his trap , turns it around , and heads back towards the grand house .
tr	NN	He brought the rifle butt down onto the girl 's head .
tr	NNS	Cole saw weeds and brush and some isolated trees , but not much else .
tr	NN	To take possession of me .
tr	NN	And she 'd bypassed the proper etiquette of knocking before entering , too .
tr	NN	He fought down the urge to cringe .
tr	NN	Let alone a video during that intimate activity like that .
tr	NN	I could hear the admiration in those words .
tr	NNS	They did two circuits of 25 with a half-mile run on the treadmill between , and after the circuits .
tr	NN	He did remember their ferocious fighting manner , however , and their utter ruthlessness with the slow or disobedient .
tr	NNS	I made arrangements for Adrian to pick me up the next day - after first scolding " Jet " for giving out " Taylor 's " number .
tr	NNS	We left the twins with him and walked with Anna toward the Pit , the one tiny area of the island where the sun shone through .
tr	NNS	She could see his wheels turning .
tr	NN	Stepping toward her , he looped the towel around her waist and dragged her against him .
tr	NN	He held the soapy fork in one hand , wiped the other on the side of his pants leg and pulled out a cell phone .
tr	NNS	All that remained were smashed picture frames .
tr	NN	Trevor held a short , rusty rod they had found at the creek .
tr	NN	The communists had their own version of history . "
tr	NN	Rest and check your bleeding .
tr	NNS	Rikki Coleman exercised conjugal relations with her husband Rhea , then talked about their kids for the remaining one hour and forty-five minutes .
tr	NNS	opening my eyelashes and exhaling more bad breathe .
tr	NNS	The Four Systems of Humanity have chosen four allies to oppose the mightiest threat .
tr	NNS	" She was putting off some pretty happy vibes .
tr	NN	" Did you get any treatment for PTSD ? "
tr	NNS	Though they reach towards us from the grave ( I swear they do ) they do not hand their hearts to you .
tr	NN	She exits the curtain .
tr	NN	He experienced a crisis in his own citizenship here .
tr	NNS	I could feel his delicious hardness growing against my thigh .
tr	NNS	And when they did , what they learned broke their hearts .
tr	NN	Ziggy pulled out a fat wad of bills and began peeling off twenties .
tr	NNS	The growl of engines drew both their attentions to the front door .
tr	NNS	Tyler timed our breaks with when he felt we should drink to stay hydrated and washed out the wound where he took out the shrapnel .
tr	NN	His brief talk with her family members had given him a glimpse into her life that was truly painful .
tr	NN	I had landed a pretty nice scholarship though , and that had definitely helped to sway my parents .
tr	NNS	Sam 's eyes followed the knots of students slowly making their way across the parking lot .
tr	NN	" But we haven 't even seen a menu . "
tr	NNS	" I ... have skills , " I replied , while again smiling triumphantly and leaning my head against the window .
tr	NNS	" Watkins , please return these volumes to their proper place until Inspector Black and I return . "
tr	NNS	" Except instead of a single person benefiting the most at the top , it requires its members to recruit participants .
tr	NNS	Louisa made the requisite responses , wishing she could let Isabella 's joy raise her spirits .
tr	NNS	He has no sons .
tr	NN	I feel the blast from way over here .
tr	NNS	" Sorry , you wouldn 't believe the hoops they have been sending me through up here . "
tr	NN	They 'll get a search warrant and tear the house apart until they find me .
tr	NN	I ate the muffin and thought about how much to tell Jamie .
tr	NNS	The smell of new leather assaults my senses .
tr	NN	" I 've got the bomb maker . "
tr	NN	Otto watched the traffic even more carefully than she was doing while he fidgeted with his armpit under his jacket .
tr	NN	One of my readers sent me a tape of it . "
tr	NNS	The silver cross felt cold resting in her navel , but the pain from the piercing was already waning .
tr	NN	He could no longer justify his loyalty to a marriage that was so self-destructive that he had turned to sedatives to survive .
tr	NN	Any attempt to struggle made his clumsy body swing back and forth , cracking his shell a little at a time , prying it open .
tr	NNS	" We all have issues , baby .
tr	NN	I can 't even glean the meaning of that disagreement , let alone referee the discussion . "
tr	NN	But her daughter couldn 't sense the finality of it .
tr	NNS	My gaze lands on Castle , studying his face in a way I hadn 't when I first arrived .
tr	NN	Frowning , he ordered a cocktail .
tr	NNS	The spicy scent of him teased her senses .
tr	NN	" Kieran is considering selling .
tr	NN	" Caught like a fish in a net . "
tr	NN	He walked block after block replaying his reaction to his friend 's intention to date Autumn .
tr	NN	' I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NN	As usual , he has my banana split ready for me as I slip into our private booth .
tr	NN	They built a new plant to handle it downtown , on Broad Street .
tr	NN	He gave Bonnie and Juanita jewelry and dresses .
tr	NNS	When were you taking antibiotics ? "
tr	NNS	The wind was fondling the coals at the base of the flames , and I figured we might run out of firewood before morning .
tr	NN	He felt an ache as he watched her .
tr	NN	Both times it was to tell me he 'd manipulated a pregnancy with Tory 's seed .
tr	NNS	I had enough wits to know he was making fun .
tr	NN	With one arm around her , he kissed her temple endearingly .
tr	NN	She imagined Matt 's bat and Eli 's gun .
tr	NNS	She 'd prepared sausages and ham slices and bacon , along with some kind of egg casserole , fresh-baked sweet rolls , coffee and juice .
tr	NNS	He needed my powers as a Chronicler and that of a child of mine .
tr	NNS	Chad smacked his palms off the table .
tr	NNS	" Has Hugh lost his senses ? "
tr	NN	And so she 'd made her audacious proposal .
tr	NNS	I have loved roses since I was a child ; we lived on a large lot in a small town , and roses filled the backyard .
tr	NNS	Already , she could see the track marks on her arm , felt self-conscious enough to hide them from the doctor .
tr	NN	Sebastian fought the urge to choke the smug grin right off his face .
tr	NN	She felt along the spine , sniffed it , and leafed through the pages .
tr	NNS	The notion appealed immensely .
tr	NNS	Jus show thirsty cattle the way to water and you can move the most stubborn herd . "
tr	NNS	Jake took a few paces back .
tr	NNS	" A war of magic that spanned centuries and claimed the lives of thousands .
tr	NN	They all have a personality .
tr	NNS	Jeff shoved the dishes and paperwork off of the edge of the bench and sat down .
tr	NN	He watched her toe off her shoes and settle her feet underneath her body .
tr	NN	The bird uttered a shout of agony when its eyes fell on the shield .
tr	NN	Once that was done , he would have solid proof to dispel the rumors .
tr	NN	" You can change the universe ... there 's nothing you can 't do . "
tr	NN	Chapter 2 The July heat scorched the desert landscape .
tr	NN	Saber leaned her hip against the wall and grinned at Jess .
tr	NN	" Oh my god ! "
tr	NN	Upon seeing Joey , he took off his baseball cap and waved it over his head .
tr	NN	As the sun went down and we made our way back to our rooms we said goodnight to Skylar who continued her teachings with El Ra Sun .
tr	NNS	He gave the driver directions and pulled out his phone .
tr	NN	I take a slice of chicken and then scoop up some potatoes on my plate , deciding to eat and keep my strength up .
tr	NNS	At which point they put the cards away and both of them laid back to sleep .
tr	NNS	They put poisons into the water and even into the air that we breathe .
tr	NN	" This book has a collection of writings from the 1600 's all based on the Jersey Devil . "
tr	NNS	Lately , he 'd had long spells of lucidity where he 'd engaged the brothers in conversation .
tr	NN	Why would a loft built for carrier pigeons have a semaphore tower ?
tr	NNS	Hal had no complaints or problems with S3 and seemed to be anxious to get back out to the action .
tr	NNS	" I can 't afford distractions , not now .
tr	NN	Slowly , I opened the lid ... Unbelievable .
tr	NNS	So , shall we get started gentlemen ?
tr	NN	Her new husband would take over the mantle of leadership and , God help her , she didn 't know who she dreaded in the position more .
tr	NNS	I was refining my skills in the ring and could knock out an opponent with a couple of well-placed shots .
tr	NNS	They were following the tracks of his animals .
tr	NN	I make a U-turn and then follow Blake .
tr	NNS	No , actually , the sight of it was making her nauseous .
tr	NNS	" I 'm taking requests .
tr	NNS	Why are you picking all those little green apples ? '
tr	NNS	The clanging of pots in the background confirmed Isaac 's suspicions .
tr	NN	Use the same weave that creates Compulsion , but reverse it . "
tr	NNS	" Promise me you 'll not do anything foolish , Your Lordship , at least until I return from the city ? "
tr	NN	Both were carrying a briefcase and a business-like attitude .
tr	NNS	I didn 't get any bad marks .
tr	NN	The angel 's gaze followed Madeleine 's progression across the street , sadness glinting in the blue depths of his eyes .
tr	NNS	Primitive life-saving efforts . "
tr	NNS	Stunning lake houses dotted the perimeter , some as small as huts and others as large as mansions .
tr	NN	I read an article about the benefits of anticipation .
tr	NN	She once mixed a surefire remedy for Pappy because he was constipated .
tr	NNS	They didn 't have their hearts broken and their plans for the future shattered .
tr	NN	As always , he was rocking a black polo and denim jeans in his casual style of sex appeal .
tr	NNS	Ya beat his little insides like you were in the twelfth round and now his little tummy is all upset . "
tr	NNS	The salary from the mines paid the monthly obligations and not much more .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down my spine and I nearly fell over .
tr	NNS	As they moved along , they could see the stil burning remains of a smal vil age .
tr	NNS	He watched both Hunter and Sam scurry in opposite directions .
tr	NNS	' We do beginner 's classes on a Tuesday night .
tr	NN	" Five years ago , the MYTH installation on Banos Prime discovered an interesting element in the soil .
tr	NN	Something was keeping Seven pinned facedown to the ground , and he shifted it off with his free arm .
tr	NN	Why would they leave the crowbar ?
tr	NNS	The tires of the Cadillac left marks on the pavement as I screeched out of there .
tr	NNS	Buzz had honors and took out a three wood .
tr	NN	He gave me a congratulatory pat on the back .
tr	NNS	We marked the best routes as we found them , so Samuel 's people could follow , using red ribbon on the tree trunks .
tr	NN	Mike 's rejoinder warmed the ice block around my heart .
tr	NNS	Here and there , the barren earth displayed layers of exposed minerals , telling an intriguing story of tectonic history .
tr	NNS	I remember hunting fireflies with him when we were kids .
tr	NNS	She took the ingredients she liked best and combined them into a truly unique recipe , just as she 'd done with her life .
tr	NNS	Maybe run some classes for local kids , as well .
tr	NN	" Thank the lord .
tr	NN	Jude threw his lanky frame into the nearest chair and sighed .
tr	NN	Don 't mind this pillow .
tr	NN	He gradually lifted the trapdoor and in the deep darkness below he saw a flight of stair that descended to the foundation of the church .
tr	NN	She reached off the pavement to touch a bush that sprouted flowers that wouldn 't open until the morning .
tr	NNS	Tabitha had behavioral issues .
tr	NN	Fintan held up the empty package .
tr	NNS	Then he smiled slyly .
tr	NNS	The man was already closer to her , impacted her senses more than any other man she 'd ever dated .
tr	NN	And since his new residence required a longer commute , he had upgraded his mode of transportation .
tr	NN	He dropped the curtain back into place and headed toward the kitchen .
tr	NNS	I have some errands to run and a meeting with your mother 's lawyer . "
tr	NNS	He was eating biscuits shaped like teddy bears - he had one in each chubby fist .
tr	NNS	There was no talking on the ride back , no efforts to shout over the engines .
tr	NN	But Madison didn 't add that license plate detail .
tr	NN	Or did she just like the design ?
tr	NN	She made a visual sweep of the room .
tr	NNS	A wooden boardwalk rose a few inches above the dirt floor .
tr	NNS	" It uses body chemicals to keep it charged . "
tr	NN	" We 'll get this straightened out in the morning . "
tr	NNS	" But once you have reached inner stillness you must then use the energies .
tr	NNS	As for what happened before he was born , he can only remember bits and pieces of what his parents had taught him .
tr	NNS	They weren 't taking any more chances that another mob of fundamentalists might show up and cause more trouble .
tr	NN	I felt my insides twist with shame .
tr	NNS	" And they had all Preston 's data , everything he did . "
tr	NNS	Do not take any chances . "
tr	NN	I never caught a glimpse of that place .
tr	NN	The melted snow had given the cobbled streets a glistening shine and the sidewalks were all brushed clear of snow .
tr	NNS	He could hear strange noises through the microphone coming from the same cell Hoover had been to earlier .
tr	NNS	In the distance , Sybil had meticulously copied figures that were a quarter of an inch high .
tr	NN	' No Ri § ine , I would like you to sit on the floor , remember our bargain , no questions ? '
tr	NNS	He leaned backwards , against her .
tr	NN	He indicates the clock with a hitch of his shoulder .
tr	NNS	At home , I ignored all texts and voice messages and drank tea and honey .
tr	NN	We recruited a well-respected , reliable contractor to excavate the original location and they provided this report .
tr	NNS	She mimicked his actions .
tr	NNS	Standing , I kicked his ribs to get him fully awake .
tr	NN	He brushed a strand of hair back from my face and tucked it behind me ear .
tr	NN	I tried my Talent .
tr	NNS	Still , Jax dominated his surroundings , making me feel caged .
tr	NNS	The salt stung my eyeballs .
tr	NN	The deer spotted the hunter and jumped as soon as it heard the arrow being released .
tr	NN	She crumbled the carbon and put it into her pocket .
tr	NN	But stories about spiteful deities and the heroes of the past had caught his imagination .
tr	NN	" Forgive my skepticism , gentlemen .
tr	NNS	" I fol owed your directions exactly .
tr	NN	" Can I give you some friendly advice ?
tr	NNS	She fed the cubs .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , everything that had happened by the pool would make that speech a bit more embarrassing .
tr	NNS	In the kitchen , her old dishes filled shelves in the cupboard .
tr	NN	And I 'd been witnessing the progression of that destruction since the moment I saw her staring out the window of the funeral home .
tr	NNS	I don 't feel the same butterflies in my stomach that I get when I 'm anticipating kissing Alec .
tr	NNS	" I have various methods .
tr	NN	Cayman whipped the towel off his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Not to mention the security cameras .
tr	NNS	I can practically see the wheels turning .
tr	NN	General Bane reviewed the various data regarding about the nature of the underwater terrain of the area where the Chinese flotilla was heading .
tr	NN	I ran a quick estimate of his hours in my head , multiplied .
tr	NN	Chief Wayland performs a stiff salute , which Beverly promptly returns .
tr	NNS	" Well , " she smiles , " you aren 't exactly setting any examples there . "
tr	NNS	That , in itself , would take centuries . "
tr	NN	Renton controlled his mirth and suggested they retire to the canteen for a coffee .
tr	NNS	* * * " One million dollars for additional information on that boy . "
tr	NN	" You already have proven your talent for charming women . "
tr	NNS	I hear noises . "
tr	NNS	Why didn 't you just stay off the slopes ? "
tr	NN	* * * " They 're here , " Matt pointed out the location on his map .
tr	NNS	" They 've also got motion sensors . "
tr	NNS	" You get high marks for stalling . "
tr	NNS	" You put your cups in our cabinets ? "
tr	NNS	But she didn 't have the necessary reserves .
tr	NNS	They turned and spotted two figures running toward them .
tr	NNS	He got paid the big bucks to get people out of jail .
tr	NNS	You were given drugs to control your emotions , your behaviour .
tr	NNS	He let a long sigh hiss through his teeth and unfastened his shoulder harness .
tr	NNS	As its father I have rights too .
tr	NN	He 's fixing the main mast . " "
tr	NNS	This way we 'll kill two birds with one stone .
tr	NN	Billy then started his speech pausing occasionally for a translator to repeat what he had said .
tr	NN	Would you like a treat ? "
tr	NNS	" We are , after all , his only sisters . "
tr	NNS	The sound crew was fixing the special accommodations that had been made for the Senator .
tr	NNS	" We installed the more powerful cameras because we thought it would be valuable if we ever got robbed .
tr	NN	And how could he resist such a delectable offering ?
tr	NN	And I love the fragrance in here ! "
tr	NN	" Most creatures feel the urge to procreate . "
tr	NNS	It has your fingerprints all over it , Julia .
tr	NN	" He can and will bring harm to all and any to win .
tr	NNS	Thought we could make sandwiches .
tr	NNS	My men will keep their mouths shut , too .
tr	NN	shouted the Queen victoriously .
tr	NNS	" Who protects the barrier islands ? "
tr	NNS	I release several moans and even more breaths and he drinks each one of them in with his mouth .
tr	NNS	" I even own a few gowns . "
tr	NNS	" We 'll just plug our noses . "
tr	NNS	She picked the five nicest Pink Lady apples she could find in the basket and juggled them in her arms .
tr	NNS	" Take out all metal items , watches , wallets , coin purses , jewelry , keys .
tr	NNS	Dreamer looked real drained in that photo .
tr	NNS	Mariam starts slowly , " The only thing our desperate times did was add more and more babies to their clan .
tr	NN	Only the administration of the coven would interrupt his hobby .
tr	NNS	The windows where he stood overlooked the civilian traffic areas outside the station , normally incredibly busy .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her palms over the arms of her chair .
tr	NN	You have my devotion . "
tr	NNS	Like most of his colleagues , he 'd had higher paying offers in China and the Middle East , and a few from African countries .
tr	NNS	Eliza could barely make out the connecting wires from the balloons to the ship below .
tr	NN	Graham gave him a scowl and strode past Eric through the gate .
tr	NN	Someone unplugged the clock . "
tr	NN	Jake pictured the glowing artifact in the British Museum .
tr	NN	" She gave Mrs. Flowers a hard shove forward .
tr	NNS	Meet my dogs . '
tr	NNS	Jack faces our fathers .
tr	NNS	But suddenly , the blue , clear sky lost its brightness and he quickly noticed this and lost his calm .
tr	NNS	They don 't have any complaints . "
tr	NN	Because it is somewhat awkward , you hold your sheath with your left hand , while you take the sword out of its holder with your right .
tr	NNS	He scoots between my legs and the shirt I 'm wearing rides up over my stomach .
tr	NNS	" Gina 's already cooing over the changes Casey suggested for her Gypsy Web site . "
tr	NN	he said grinning , handing my phone back to me .
tr	NN	" Don 't tempt fate like that . "
tr	NNS	Carmichael readied his powers to strike the boy down again , that is until he saw the boy 's eyes .
tr	NNS	By the time the third course was served , Benedict had imagined all sorts of ways to kill oneself with a fork .
tr	NN	He had had new armour made , and indeed , he was now the size of a full grown man .
tr	NNS	His face was right there , inches from mine .
tr	NNS	" How much proof do you need ?
tr	NN	The other week he 'd caught a butterfly for her and brought it to school in a plastic storage container .
tr	NN	They spend the winter in Florida .
tr	NNS	You can 't assign points to that . "
tr	NN	For a long time , she didn 't move , just let the tears flow .
tr	NN	" I have an appointment with the P.I. on Tuesday afternoon . "
tr	NN	A tinkling of something metal hit the pavement beneath the car , and Melanie picked it up just as fast as it had fallen .
tr	NNS	She broke ties with Todd , and began to run a prayer service at Scott .
tr	NNS	" First , we do our shots .
tr	NN	Have you read my file ? "
tr	NN	Eliot , the younger one , scuffed one shoe on the street .
tr	NNS	She felt the caress down her own spine .
tr	NNS	I had some candles in my pockets which we put in the body .
tr	NN	She steeled her spine as she had to do before every board meeting , and stepped out into the chilly autumn air .
tr	NNS	Band 5 on Landsat satellites recorded infrared data .
tr	NN	" I don 't have the file . "
tr	NNS	She stopped a few inches short of the faint line that marked the dog 's circular enclosure .
tr	NN	We will make an example of you .
tr	NNS	Anywho , I was running errands with the kids and had multiple unpleasant run-ins with people of below average intelligence .
tr	NN	To feel she could know his true intent .
tr	NN	Dostoyevsky 's Crime and Punishment sat splayed out , spine up , on the seat next to it .
tr	NNS	" What 'd he say ' bout Doc ? "
tr	NNS	My stomach feels nauseous as Holly smiles .
tr	NNS	She squeezed the magazines to her chest and raced for her bedroom , slamming the door shut behind her .
tr	NNS	" I say , do you know you haven 't any stockings on ? "
tr	NNS	Whoever refurbished the home obviously appreciated older buildings .
tr	NNS	She pictured her fellow students , back at the Institute , studying so that they could travel out among the stars .
tr	NNS	His mother sat a few paces away , still cutting vegetables , watching .
tr	NN	He had his ringer off as usual .
tr	NN	The place didn 't need a Queen .
tr	NNS	With deep sorrow , they stared down the endless caverns surrounding them , knowing they would never again view the beauty of the Garden .
tr	NNS	It took several deep breaths to shake off the aftereffects of the nightmare .
tr	NN	Her face registered comprehension , and some fire came back into her eyes .
tr	NN	Dom took out the fireman and three others attracted by the sound entered .
tr	NN	" I have some jewelry ... " " Mon Dieu ! "
tr	NNS	With great effort , I bit off the retorts that wanted to burst out of me .
tr	NN	" You 'd think a handsome football star like yourself could get enough women in bed without taking from the rest of us . "
tr	NN	I took the shoe and kissed him , not wanting to be apart from him for a second longer .
tr	NNS	" They have great crabs in Maryland . "
tr	NN	Her voice sounded shrill , defensive , fearful .
tr	NN	Then he let out a ragged exhalation .
tr	NNS	With no more excuses to blind and impede him , he would make changes for the better .
tr	NNS	She had no defenses and didn 't even realize it .
tr	NN	" Sometimes she eats my pudding . "
tr	NNS	Silently cursing , I withdrew my fangs and closed the wound .
tr	NN	As I worked with almost unconscious ease , I contemplated the grid with new interest .
tr	NN	Izzy gripped the metal bolt holding the stall gate closed and locked , and yanked it back .
tr	NN	She put down her fork and gave him a bright smile .
tr	NN	" Yes your lordship . "
tr	NN	They finally reached the statue .
tr	NNS	But she didn 't regret those changes ; they 'd all been good .
tr	NN	' You mean the archive ? '
tr	NN	She could feel the certainty like a ball - bearing in her mind .
tr	NNS	" You 've seen the reports .
tr	NNS	" I absolutely love it , " Susannah said fervently .
tr	NN	Andra ignored the advice and started to unfasten the restraints around Nika 's arms .
tr	NN	I took pity on him .
tr	NN	He gave her a gentle squeeze .
tr	NNS	That part cost me 20 bucks .
tr	NN	The blood from the giant I 'd killed in the hallway outside outlined the spider rune stamped into the hilt .
tr	NN	Riley peeled back the tape and Gumshoe ducked into the apartment .
tr	NN	The door to her room flew open , startling Medusa from her somber thoughts .
tr	NNS	Later , however , they found the rustlers ' marks superimposed once more , many with individual shoe prints they had learned to recognize .
tr	NNS	No matter how emotional she was right now , she couldn 't put her babies in jeopardy .
tr	NNS	He detected bursts of modulation too fast for him to separate into coherent bits .
tr	NN	" I need some love advice . "
tr	NN	Bankers have no imagination .
tr	NN	He flipped the card carelessly into the dying fire .
tr	NNS	He 'd only suckled her breasts for a few seconds , when she breathed out harshly , " I 'm ready to join now .
tr	NN	He jerked the material over his head , baring his chest to her view .
tr	NN	Give up this foolish inquiry .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness it 's you .
tr	NN	I gave Liana a cold glare for worrying Vivienne over matters of the island .
tr	NNS	Marshall is playing tricks on me .
tr	NN	I just caught a clip while I was eating breakfast . "
tr	NNS	She made no attempts to hide it , even at work .
tr	NN	One of the brothers consulted a heavy wristwatch .
tr	NNS	The well-lit cafeteria with its residents and interns , worried family members and bored administrators .
tr	NN	She liked the soft material but wasn 't certain the color suited her .
tr	NN	He pulled Randy 's spare rifle out from under the rear seat and shouted to Randy , who was moving toward the garage .
tr	NNS	But it took the combined efforts of him , Damon , and a rather groggy Matt to pry her off .
tr	NN	Lost in the deepest reaches of that connection , I 'd felt the disturbance .
tr	NN	Kyler would normally have made the announcement , but Flavio asked Kyler to stay home .
tr	NN	After inheriting a wonderful home from their mother , a pair of squabbling siblings finds not hidden treasure , but ghosts in plain sight .
tr	NNS	Shelby elbows her brother 's ribs .
tr	NN	I heard his horrified exclamation from the other end of the room .
tr	NNS	I can sense witches , but that doesn 't do any good while hunting vampires .
tr	NNS	Wizards always get the best accommodations . "
tr	NN	They started sixth grade this year . "
tr	NNS	After that , there have been scattered reports of her return , but the time shifts appear to be getting greater and greater . "
tr	NN	" I do not believe it is my heart you seek to win , my lord . "
tr	NNS	You have several broken ribs and some nasty contusions .
tr	NNS	" You have new companions . "
tr	NN	I swallowed a lump in my throat .
tr	NN	I searched the flow of customers but Aimee was nowhere to be seen .
tr	NNS	She pats her pockets for the keys .
tr	NN	" Please don 't do this , " I whispered my plea .
tr	NN	In battle it responded to her every command .
tr	NNS	" I 've made bigger messes than that . "
tr	NN	Shane lifted his briefcase and walked off , vanishing into the traffic of pedestrians .
tr	NNS	Clubs ushered his apprentices from the room as the surgery began .
tr	NN	I took one last glimpse of the dead men as we started walking back toward the house and felt a pang of shame .
tr	NNS	" That triples our chances of getting caught , and we haven 't exactly been good at this so far . "
tr	NN	She turned and walked away , the swing of her hips even and rhythmic .
tr	NNS	" Do southern gods often find their way here ? "
tr	NN	Her withdrawn posture , like that of a wilted rose , revealed her distaste for what seemed inevitable .
tr	NN	He stopped pacing and faced me .
tr	NN	Which hotel in Abu Dhabi has the code ? "
tr	NNS	Inside , with the door closed , he rubbed his temples , closed his eyes , and tried to empty his mind .
tr	NN	Zach took off the Saint Christopher medal he always wore and dropped it inside .
tr	NN	Would Ship really break the recording ?
tr	NN	Still nearly unconscious , Charlotte had missed the incident with William , and I was glad for it .
tr	NNS	Do you know my strengths and weaknesses ?
tr	NNS	I 've already made arrangements for you to fly to Africa to visit Lexi for a few days .
tr	NNS	He smiled thinly and waved his beer can in an off-hand gesture as he walked away .
tr	NNS	Besides , no matter which side you fight for sometimes you lose members in battle . "
tr	NN	Martie and I have several new aircraft coming in for the fly-in this year .
tr	NNS	He had no illusions that after he entered the perimeter of the ruined longhouse that either he or his brother would ever reemerge .
tr	NNS	They still aren 't getting decent prices for their crops , but they 've found ways around that . "
tr	NN	Sign the oath and become my ally .
tr	NN	I stifle another outburst then stop .
tr	NN	He pulled open the second drawer from the top and extracted a large , brown , thick envelope which he handed to Gerald .
tr	NNS	She cupped his balls and massaged gently .
tr	NN	At least he 'd been given a duty he could perform rather than simply being relegated to the ranks of Knights Aeris .
tr	NNS	He tugged off his slacks along with his boxers .
tr	NN	We do not have sufficient oxygen or food to support 500 crew members for an extended period .
tr	NN	These ones still had a tag on them .
tr	NNS	God bless your hearts .
tr	NN	Population pressures and adequate food supplies dominate the traffic .
tr	NNS	In their short time together , she had displayed mild bouts of courage and fire but she always gave in .
tr	NNS	I like his chances of avoiding our enemies .
tr	NNS	But now , with the sun shining high in the sky , I couldn 't ignore the doubts that beset me .
tr	NN	" To avoid permanent decommission , I bounced my consciousness and all relevant data to the nearest unit . "
tr	NNS	She followed the bodyguards into the lobby and then into a big room with shut curtains -- no matter what time of the day .
tr	NN	she continued , for she hadn 't heard , nor read , any announcement of a betrothal .
tr	NNS	True , all criminals have motives , but those motives may not be rational .
tr	NN	This served the additional function of allowing Jacques to look down the front of my top .
tr	NN	His hand slid up her thigh under the churning water .
tr	NN	The thunder of feet made the ground tremble and soon enough soldiers went flying over me , heading back to the old German front lines .
tr	NN	" Um , I 'm sorry , I 'm new , " I replied guiltily , my face turning bright red once again .
tr	NNS	" We didn 't use the extras . "
tr	NNS	He had helped many fallen sentries that got hurt patrolling the Borderlands .
tr	NN	It had cost him his Patek Philippe wristwatch to get a weapon .
tr	NNS	" Either you pay thirty dollars daily or seven fifty dollars monthly .
tr	NN	Sure enough , as soon as he opened the doors to his bedroom , he spotted her sitting stiffly on her favorite chair .
tr	NN	The name Eli strikes a chord in me , too ; it pulls at a distant , forgotten memory .
tr	NNS	If so , why didn 't Aden need spells to do what he did ?
tr	NN	Other zombies joined the chase and became targets .
tr	NN	She pulled out the wooden bench , wincing at the loud scraping sound it made .
tr	NNS	Silk , looking a bit awed , shook a few coins out of his purse .
tr	NNS	" But I love surprises , Julia .
tr	NN	But when it came to his wife , he had little resistance .
tr	NN	He pressed the slide release and moved the bolt back far enough to feel that there was a round chambered .
tr	NN	Then Paul remembered the savior he had almost , but not quite , expected .
tr	NN	" We made a simple wager to see which one of you would get the bad guy first . "
tr	NN	With that , I grip the railing and fling one leg over , my vision blurring as I look down .
tr	NN	" Wait a tic . "
tr	NN	He was expecting this proposal when he was running with you .
tr	NNS	" Alright , I think I 'll go search the beach some more while you go get supplies . "
tr	NNS	Please make the necessary arrangements . "
tr	NNS	" You ate bugs when you was a grown-up ?
tr	NNS	The headlights panned over some stone farm buildings , a pack of dogs appearing out of nowhere , barking madly .
tr	NNS	And I go boneless with delight . .
tr	NNS	" Whatever the case , I suffered bites all over and I crawled on my belly towards the jungle to die .
tr	NN	Alanna grabbed a teacup , and cheerfully forced it upon Thomas .
tr	NNS	" Do you feel dizzy ?
tr	NNS	" Marquette loved the tribe from the moment they pulled their canoes ashore .
tr	NN	I nibble a chunk and watch as she reaches for a second then third serving .
tr	NNS	It gave Tick the creeps .
tr	NNS	I would bet dollars to donuts she was sitting in a conference right that moment analyzing the speech we had all just heard .
tr	NN	The last time she made this confession her best friend abandoned her .
tr	NN	That made her sound past tense -- she was so not past tense -- she couldn 't be .
tr	NNS	She nervously adjusted the folds of her black gown .
tr	NN	Though it was not exclusively his responsibility , he 'd given the treatment to quite a few people .
tr	NNS	" We chant spells when they 're new , but they quickly become second nature .
tr	NN	" Just your squad .
tr	NNS	He took a compass out of his pocket .
tr	NNS	" I love hearing bands and lead singers are always sexy . "
tr	NNS	Renna could barely see the whites of his eyes as he stared up at her .
tr	NN	She placed the bat in the corner next to the door and locked the door behind us .
tr	NN	Working with the other cop , they wrap duct tape around the mouths , eyes , and face of the security guards .
tr	NNS	I 'd had four maybe five shots in the past two hours and was feeling good but nowhere near the inebriation that would allow me to forget .
tr	NNS	I 've heard all the tricks attackers use .
tr	NN	I give her hand a squeeze as we cut a path up to my parents ' house , the thin layer of snow crunching under our boots .
tr	NN	They make an unholy trio . "
tr	NNS	The hallway accessed ten other suites .
tr	NN	We have a committee to monitor your progress from now until you sit for the exam .
tr	NNS	He didn 't mention needles , open wounds and broken bones mending like new , broken boulders , or Bert being asleep .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to pull my shirt up over my nose .
tr	NN	" What the fuck are you saying now , you piece of shit ? "
tr	NN	He dropped the hilt of the sword .
tr	NNS	He had held a dozen low level positions at a wide range of companies across Arizona , California and Nevada .
tr	NNS	Using my fingers , I parted her folds and caught sight of the depths of her body .
tr	NN	Alex picked up her backpack , once again slung the strap over her shoulder .
tr	NN	In the meantime , I 'm destroying your toy . "
tr	NNS	I remembered all the strange lies they told me , like how everyone who used paper plates must be worthless white trash .
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers back and crawled into the space next to me .
tr	NN	I could smell the delicious aroma of a vanilla latte .
tr	NNS	You set your wolves on me , Mikhail .
tr	NNS	To show off her crocheting skills to her mother and perhaps get Annie to use these same garments to break out of her own private prison .
tr	NN	" How about the story of the idiotic prince who won 't leave the assassin alone ? "
tr	NN	She could feel her hunger for him starting to build again deep down inside .
tr	NN	" Such a shame that world has such a small water supply . "
tr	NNS	In 93 , Emperor Domitian persecutes the Christians .
tr	NNS	He stood , his big , hard body mere inches from me but beyond my reach .
tr	NN	And you got your proof that you have talent , in spite of what Ruth always said . "
tr	NN	" I haven 't placed my wager yet .
tr	NN	It had a flat quality , like water left in a glass for weeks .
tr	NN	Got protection with you ? "
tr	NN	From his position beside her , he could smell her arousal .
tr	NNS	I sling off my ballet slippers , tossing them onto the shoe mountain that blocks my closet , and yank off my wig .
tr	NNS	Rainier laid out the cards for a solitary game and watched a middle-aged Warlord approach the bar .
tr	NNS	Dr. Clarity joined his companions in the back of the aircraft .
tr	NNS	Even as he savagely defended his wife and daughter , he cut down his assailants with mighty , swift , strokes of his long blade .
tr	NN	Simone couldn 't prevent her startled blink .
tr	NN	Sara didn 't extend her faith in people easily , so if she believed in him , Rafe would do his best to do the same .
tr	NN	Cohen brushed off my backside and helped to straighten my tank top .
tr	NNS	" I 've never had two sisters ... . "
tr	NN	He had dimmed the monitor after seeing Jenna leave her cage and wander into the forest .
tr	NN	They typed the chopper 's last known coordinates into their navigation system and hoped for the best .
tr	NNS	She could not access de Grenier funds in sufficient quantity before morning .
tr	NN	A thrill ran up her spine , her head jerked up and she asked a question to which she already knew the answer .
tr	NN	The poor girl can 't even get medical treatment without having her pictures all over the place .
tr	NN	She met that ferocity , took everything that he had and demanded more .
tr	NNS	It had stick figures and clear instructions .
tr	NN	The weight of his responsibility made his shoulders sag .
tr	NN	Don 't test my patience again . "
tr	NN	Can take this umbrella off you see ; far more comfortable . "
tr	NNS	I have a few errands to run , and Dash will show you to your room .
tr	NN	Five stumbles backwards , nearly tripping over his backpack .
tr	NN	Any time we had an argument , one little jiggle and he forgot he was mad at me .
tr	NN	Her aunt tossed at her the gown she had apparently chosen , then scuttled around the bed and back toward the door .
tr	NN	With a quick inspection , she took the ether from him as she sent him forward once again .
tr	NNS	They 're scrambling ships to intercept . "
tr	NNS	" A computer can hold data , but can 't use it without being programmed .
tr	NN	Rebecca shot a menacing glare toward me .
tr	NN	Her mom never said friggin ' or damn .
tr	NN	He could 've downloaded the file onto his computer and cleared the memory . "
tr	NNS	I 'm still picking the bugs out of my teeth . "
tr	NNS	My watch , I knew from charging it many times , had four contact points on it .
tr	NN	We found some vaginal discharge and fingerprints . "
tr	NNS	I 'll ride the lands I am to manage .
tr	NNS	Most , but not all , also often have severe memory issues .
tr	NNS	" For forty-eight dollars ? "
tr	NN	We have a balcony .
tr	NNS	He dropped his Daewoo clips onto the passenger seat .
tr	NNS	" Your own desires ? "
tr	NN	" Maybe you should find another accomplice ? "
tr	NNS	The burning inside her body made her movements faster as she rose up and down his staff .
tr	NN	Rides a motorcycle and takes karate lessons .
tr	NN	They must have cost a fortune .
tr	NNS	Saber rubbed her temples , trying to soothe the awful pounding .
tr	NN	" Should and shouldn 't have very little meaning to me any more . "
tr	NNS	It had given me nightmares when I was a child .
tr	NN	The use of auxiliary devices to sustain the life of the brain can in no way invalidate the fundamental and inalienable humanity of that brain .
tr	NN	She faced the small monitor near the bell .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of something slipping out of the cone of light .
tr	NNS	* * * Inside , Kylie heard light murmurs coming from one of the back conference rooms .
tr	NN	" When did I ever give you the impression that I meant otherwise ?
tr	NN	There was one , who did not see a great battle , he only saw revenge .
tr	NNS	Bickel began shifting plugs on his computer board .
tr	NNS	He is wearing those same slippers and the nightcap , and he has a candlestick in his hand .
tr	NN	He is stroking Kayla 's temple gently .
tr	NNS	Get me points . "
tr	NN	As soon as they were safely aboard , Captain Cook had the anchor raised and some sail set .
tr	NNS	I buried my doubts as I leaned into his gentle touch .
tr	NNS	She handed him his boxers .
tr	NNS	He handed three coins to Gwen .
tr	NNS	But maybe he had unrealistic expectations .
tr	NN	" But I could not tarnish the sweet perfection of my love .
tr	NNS	I dug down a few layers and carefully got out the new skinny jeans from my birthday .
tr	NNS	Combined with losing his fiancee , my God , no wonder the man had fears about the danger of his job .
tr	NNS	" Honor Your Parents Even though You Don 't Live with Them Anymore . "
tr	NNS	" Any other complaints ? "
tr	NNS	Grace was putting labels on more bottles of peaches .
tr	NNS	They both took a few experimental leaps .
tr	NN	He wanted his factory .
tr	NN	I saw a very good size buck , and I decided to give it a try .
tr	NNS	His feet made wet slaps on the sand .
tr	NN	I do hope ye aren ' gettin ' a chill .
tr	NNS	" Why did you give me these powers ? "
tr	NNS	Grey , left alone for maybe only three or four minutes , nevertheless made some startling assumptions .
tr	NN	" She had a stroke a few years ago and she requires constant care .
tr	NN	Nick sipped the hot brew .
tr	NN	Jon didn 't see his rank -- his position as squad leader -- as a license to be lazy .
tr	NNS	When the train is within the barricade , the bus closes off the tracks once more .
tr	NNS	She shuddered delicately before sitting up and smoothing out her curls .
tr	NN	But I didn 't give a rusty nail .
tr	NNS	" Now you 've done it , " she heard her mother hiss behind her .
tr	NN	" I had this crazy urge to buy a cat collar this morning .
tr	NN	If he did , it must cost him a whack .
tr	NN	He snatches the marker from my hand and it leaves a yellow streak along the paper .
tr	NNS	Then something interrupts my morbid reflections .
tr	NN	On the other side of the cement block wall , Ted could hear a great cacophony of snarling and howling from the dogs .
tr	NNS	He snapped the reins and nudged the steed 's flanks with his heels .
tr	NNS	I sling two more fireballs in their direction .
tr	NN	I set my towel down on the ground and wrapped Echo 's towel around my arm .
tr	NNS	The Weis didn 't give her nearly enough smoking breaks .
tr	NN	So , summoning my courage , I grab the doorknob and open the door .
tr	NN	Lea had her usual Peek-a-boo style , while Karen had no guard at all .
tr	NNS	I hid my talents instinctively and then later , when he was using my body for experiments , I thought that was what he wanted from me .
tr	NNS	Bring us some fish sandwiches and hush puppies . "
tr	NN	After completing the paperwork the superintendent gave me a handful of instructions and finally said " Congratulations !
tr	NNS	" No , we found some drops of his blood .
tr	NN	They had both borne the censure of the world to live their lives as they saw fit .
tr	NN	The sound of trickling water made the thirst she was trying not to think about soar to life .
tr	NNS	If he was going to cheat , he should have had the brains not to get caught .
tr	NN	" Have some faith , my bestest of friends . "
tr	NNS	" Well that is good to hear , how about we get your phone numbers so we can talk some time ?
tr	NNS	Genetically altered vegetables ? "
tr	NN	" The Generals may discuss this topic with you . "
tr	NN	He could feel the arousal that was heavy in her aura , but she was tense , afraid .
tr	NNS	You see the ships ? "
tr	NNS	I model and take classes . "
tr	NNS	He took some scrolls from the table and slid them across to her .
tr	NN	Although still concerned for her own safety she took another peek before opening the door very slightly to look out into the hall and listen .
tr	NNS	What if we 've just been making noises , assuming a communication content which doesn 't exist ? "
tr	NNS	He took his goggles off , able to see the small room .
tr	NN	In spite of Elizabeth 's lack of personal style , she possessed a flair for fine decorating skills .
tr	NN	Especially not while another Na ' ha was entering their small haven ... and it wasn 't alone .
tr	NNS	Sean 's gaze meets mine and fear twists inside of me .
tr	NN	Emily cuffed her playfully .
tr	NNS	It spoke volumes about their preparedness to deal with the type of crime that now confronted them .
tr	NN	The people give offering , and they pray , but for months their prayers have gone unanswered .
tr	NNS	After ditching bags in their rooms , they left the cool confines of the lobby and strode into the oppressive midday heat .
tr	NNS	In order to keep them sated , in essence , the Elders created living planets for the Dead Gods to feed upon .
tr	NNS	In the clear light of day , she knew her fears of the night before were groundless .
tr	NNS	They staggered their movements - as one was running to the next firing position , the other provided covering fire .
tr	NNS	Thomas was still scrambling backwards .
tr	NN	He rounded the railing and took off down the stairs at a run .
tr	NNS	A distance of six feet reduced my changes of effectively neutralizing him .
tr	NNS	Caring about someone so much has put the dangers into perspective .
tr	NNS	Your passion carries the seeds of damnation , not deliverance . "
tr	NN	' The commissioner has a file for me I believe . '
tr	NN	" He owes me a salute , and I want it now . "
tr	NNS	She read several pages and then handed it back to the Sergeant Major .
tr	NN	She had just gotten a fleeting glimpse of a piece of family history that she had never even suspected existed .
tr	NNS	He was keeping tabs on me .
tr	NNS	By all means , sir , please accept my apologies .
tr	NN	Jake gasped , Tasha twitched his belly .
tr	NN	" I don 't know nothin ' about potions .
tr	NNS	Stu searched shelves throwing Johnny sanding blocks , finest grade wet and dry sandpaper a half used tub of cut and finish , solvents and buffing sponges .
tr	NN	You can do the recording and interpretation , meet with the client , and so forth . "
tr	NNS	In the hallway we joined the masses of passengers exiting the train and pushed our way through the crowd .
tr	NN	He examined the package blankly , as if he wasn 't quite sure what it was .
tr	NN	The man below passed under a street lamp and her mind pulled the emergency brake on her thoughts .
tr	NN	But the window had a trap on it - it was linked by Power to one of the sleepers inside .
tr	NNS	Dunk felt dizzy again .
tr	NN	She merely represented another option for him .
tr	NNS	She eased the undergarments from her body and threw them behind her .
tr	NNS	Naturally , Sally quickly checked her instincts .
tr	NNS	FIVE Surreal set two plates on the table , then poured two cups of coffee and took a seat .
tr	NN	The man furthest away from me stroked his long , gray beard with one hand and held his coffee mug out for a refill with the other .
tr	NNS	We overlapped our shields with the men on either side , trying to maximise the protection these boards of wood offered .
tr	NNS	" My grandmother Edna grows roses .
tr	NN	You can 't apply logic to them . "
tr	NNS	She twisted the lighting wires to the bomb 's and taped them off .
tr	NN	His shirt fell open revealing abs her husband would kill for .
tr	NN	I need ale ! "
tr	NN	He set the flintlock pistol on the table with care , then poured more ale for them both as Charlie picked up the weapon .
tr	NN	" Seemed like a fitting trade to me . "
tr	NNS	Rip the pages out one by one , ball them up and throw them at the dog .
tr	NN	He 'd have his revenge .
tr	NNS	They organized random patrols to monitor the area around them .
tr	NNS	Even through his jeans , he could feel the roughness of her palm , the tiny pricks of metal jutting out from her skin .
tr	NNS	We have spent centuries trying to destroy them , but we can never seem to cut off the head .
tr	NN	" You know what you have to do ; use the same advice you gave me with Julienne .
tr	NNS	Surely more than the rich guy I 'm constantly assigning motives to for wanting to hang out with me .
tr	NNS	Anna sent the attackers after you .
tr	NN	The cool evening air made scant impression on Howard as he recalled the events following the funeral .
tr	NN	He gave Lena a squeeze and made his way over to me .
tr	NN	" I 'll put this tape on . "
tr	NNS	He had legitimate issues with seeing me .
tr	NNS	A see-through lacy black bra and matching thong hung inches from his face .
tr	NNS	No doubt , he had been granted the powers of the white water mist by Katarina Fox .
tr	NN	She holds her belly , rubbing to soothe both her and my sister .
tr	NNS	Her breathing turned shallow , and her eyes darted to his lips and then back to his eyes .
tr	NNS	I don 't want complications .
tr	NN	Pick a star . "
tr	NN	We met only light resistance . "
tr	NN	" I have a sweet tooth . "
tr	NN	The moon shone brightly down upon them , and glistened against the beer bottles that were scattered on the ground .
tr	NNS	' That would give you quite a few targets , Longbow . '
tr	NN	And I thank my lucky star it 's one of the few moments in my life that my memory is so immaculately clear about .
tr	NNS	The kiss left her breathless .
tr	NNS	They also picked up their packs .
tr	NN	The delicious food formed a lump in my gut that threatened to come back up .
tr	NNS	" Well , I don 't really understand the mass-production methods , but I know your dolls .
tr	NNS	She was concentrating her efforts on the House campaign , and then would move on to the Senate .
tr	NN	As the hot water of the shower beat over his chest he palmed his cock .
tr	NNS	Lizzie had had karate classes for six years .
tr	NN	" Margaret would like instruction .
tr	NN	He 'd already finished his large soda and was now playing with the straw .
tr	NN	" You have a sitter for the girls ? "
tr	NNS	They grew cotton , tobacco , rice and all sorts of things .
tr	NN	" I never saw him again , didn 't even attend his funeral , and all my life I 've had to live with that decision .
tr	NN	Then he whispered a little prayer of hope and opened the garage door .
tr	NN	He didn 't want garbage like me in his house .
tr	NNS	" Listen , the three of us have clean shots on your heads .
tr	NN	Needing something to occupy his mind , he tackled the task of cleaning up the kitchen with unprecedented enthusiasm .
tr	NNS	Gods , I must have lost my senses entirely .
tr	NN	You got more than enough talent to bring in the NFL on your own . "
tr	NN	I will have my revenge on that wicked creature .
tr	NNS	You have four other senses .
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	" She had an ultrasound a couple months ago and everything checked out .
tr	NN	He tossed the jeweled dagger into the air .
tr	NN	Remember the flood , ' Ah , wipe them all out like a bunch of rats . '
tr	NNS	" We don 't get counts here , no . "
tr	NNS	The pair packed up their tubes , bottles , jars , and brushes .
tr	NNS	He had placed red roses there before he headed to Sanderson 's funeral .
tr	NN	" The kid 's got attitude . "
tr	NN	Nixon pushed his boot into my back and pressed me hard against the area rug .
tr	NNS	" He has poor social skills . "
tr	NN	I wrinkled up my snout in confusion .
tr	NN	I raise the butt of my rifle high above my head .
tr	NNS	Oh , he should write greeting cards .
tr	NNS	Through the glass surrounding the library , I saw a few students staring at me .
tr	NNS	Up closer , he could see the smallest fangs .
tr	NN	Paul opened his menu , too .
tr	NNS	The fact that the woman wasn 't certain only confirmed her suspicions that Royston and Miranda weren 't actually engaged .
tr	NN	" Yes , yes , I could murder some fish and chips .
tr	NNS	" I will list 3 numbers .
tr	NNS	I ... I can use my powers to help you .
tr	NN	They scare the crap out of me ! "
tr	NN	From thence shall spring the destiny of the world .
tr	NN	He encircled her other nipple and grazed lightly with his teeth , while plumping one breast with his hand .
tr	NNS	He made the reins fast to the fork of a sapling , and turned about , hands on his hips , to survey his surroundings .
tr	NN	That way we have every possible detail that might help us . "
tr	NNS	Again he took out the black seeds .
tr	NNS	Louisa 's personal assistant Michelle was currently making all the arrangements for a small ceremony with less than twenty guests at Cyrus ' condominium .
tr	NNS	" Would you like roses of any particular color ? "
tr	NNS	Or maybe he really did miss some bugs .
tr	NNS	The crew had manned their normal stations and were preparing to pass by the rings of Saturn , at precisely the stroke of midnight .
tr	NNS	I heard disgusted snarls and retching sounds from every corner of the basement .
tr	NN	" Can barely even handle a simple task of excavating a planet . "
tr	NNS	Then Fiona walked her up and down the aisles , making her buy a string bag first .
tr	NNS	Fort Worth has half the bragging rights to the name but I don 't think it 's really all too fair .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of Cora looking around too .
tr	NNS	I went boneless against the wall .
tr	NN	On TV , the hippie freak was making a plea to young , angry people , offering the typical televangelist deceit by holding up a moonshine jar .
tr	NN	He beat up a parking attendant once when he found a ding in his car .
tr	NN	Sweat and filth plastered his uniform to his body , his heart hammering in his ears .
tr	NNS	His curriculum included subjects that far surpassed the average grade school program .
tr	NNS	But in its place , he felt only an emptiness that filled with a sudden and sickening nausea .
tr	NN	The rum was already taking effect and the group was getting loud and boisterous .
tr	NN	You knew what effect that would have on me .
tr	NN	Instead , he would have his revenge ... he would have his revenge , and never in the foothills below did we see the storm arising .
tr	NN	I don 't need protection and certainly not from Saber .
tr	NNS	Moving rhythmically he lifted her buttocks towards him , penetrating deeper pushing against her .
tr	NNS	She flattened her palms on his chest .
tr	NNS	The next day I walk the hallways toward the abandoned classroom to meet Leo .
tr	NNS	" You 're not switching teams and trying to steal her away are you ? "
tr	NN	He slipped the pen between Fitzgerald 's knuckles and squeezed Fitzgerald 's fingers together , slowly , applying more and more pressure .
tr	NNS	These things have jet engines .
tr	NN	I stared hungrily up at Elijah .
tr	NN	" Colville Real Estate has an impeccable reputation in the community .
tr	NN	Sure enough , I 'd gobbled up pretty much the whole batch .
tr	NNS	Pay two hundred dollars by credit card , and you 're in business .
tr	NNS	Echoes of raised voices reverberated off brick buildings .
tr	NNS	His skull impacted the unyielding boards of the deck .
tr	NNS	They lived off the vegetables in Gram 's huge garden , fishing every day , Dad hunting for the occasional deer .
tr	NNS	They don 't need samples for a couple of months yet .
tr	NN	Then God has taken his vengeance .
tr	NN	He pulled down the brim of the Panama hat that the Brazilian had lent him as they walked through the Polonia 's front doors .
tr	NN	Viggo threw an unimpressed glare at Mortimer before turning back to me .
tr	NN	Did he discuss the mathematics with you ?
tr	NNS	Surely I had some rights as husband and father .
tr	NNS	Jackson heard several other pairs of boots crunching through the snow .
tr	NN	Background music was seeping out of several shops , an amorphous cacophony of styles and genres .
tr	NNS	Maybe she had memorized the numbers , and they were now a part of her .
tr	NN	I picked up the pen and started doodling on a pad of paper .
tr	NNS	They have fenced-in yards that must have once been trim and green , windows that must once have glowed in the evenings .
tr	NNS	" Lost all my data .
tr	NNS	" But don 't give up your positions down there .
tr	NN	I owe her a favor . "
tr	NNS	He just might have unusual abilities , though magical shaving seemed harmless enough .
tr	NNS	I picked out bits and pieces from their abbreviated conversations with each other : " What do you think happened ? "
tr	NNS	He had more chances to interact with forest animals than with other people .
tr	NN	She opened the final jar and carefully prepared a sample of the anomalous lung .
tr	NN	It will only delay the general evacuation if we stand here and argue . "
tr	NNS	Putting the dishes on the counter , she pressed her palms to her face .
tr	NNS	" Council members and Sentinels ? "
tr	NNS	From within the cab , two helmeted men , resembling security guards or riot police , survey the maniacally giggling houses with suspicion on their faces .
tr	NN	I have his collection , and have added to it over the years . "
tr	NN	Not only the fragile ecosystem here that took millennia to build , but also endangering my friends and colleagues . "
tr	NNS	I used my fingernails to open them , too impatient to look for a knife .
tr	NNS	Tull uneasily scanned the areas beyond the hill .
tr	NNS	Take all the trappings away and who am I ? "
tr	NNS	Hank let loose the reins , grabbed Kai 's wrist , and rolled out of the saddle downstream of the horse .
tr	NNS	I 'd seen ghosts before .
tr	NN	I put my stolen baseball cap on my head -- not because of the rain .
tr	NNS	All those times she asked me to help her she was collecting DNA samples .
tr	NNS	I felt something resting on the small of my back , and I knew without looking that it was the belt .
tr	NN	" You deserve everyone 's respect for what you 've achieved .
tr	NNS	" We would 've owned the ruins , you and me . "
tr	NNS	Tom stepped back several paces and watched the blood come closer and closer .
tr	NN	She dropped her seductress persona .
tr	NNS	He felt the soft caress of her ankles .
tr	NN	Small repeated the narrative he 'd memorized .
tr	NNS	Charles Cohn had inspected five buildings erected by the Nova Scotia Construction Company .
tr	NN	" You will leave the castle , never to return .
tr	NN	Maybe Alexander 's father was getting a haircut .
tr	NNS	And soon the boys could make out the fantastic buildings constructed in the most wondrous shapes and forms .
tr	NNS	He has made allies of them , and ten thousand corpses still unburied in Spain and in France both . "
tr	NN	She set her trunk down in the aisle and reached out a hand to help Olive on board .
tr	NNS	" He will break your hearts , my ladies . "
tr	NNS	She had no skills .
tr	NN	Kyle read the gesture and without word or delay he followed him into the Great Hall .
tr	NN	" I haven 't needed a babysitter for a long time now . "
tr	NN	Ryland had complete faith in Nicolas 's judgment .
tr	NN	Colton set down the vial .
tr	NNS	When he thinks she might be ready to continue , he offers his own two cents , trying to make her feel better .
tr	NN	We 'll order pizza . "
tr	NNS	And to me , that explains ghosts , and visions and angels .
tr	NN	He could almost feel the intruder at his back .
tr	NNS	" That poor barber might have twenty such motives , and twenty such opportunities and it wouldn 't matter .
tr	NNS	Bulk e-mail programs blanketed on-line news wires .
tr	NNS	" Your Mac - " He gritted his fangs together .
tr	NN	I could sense the flow of magic from other parts of the house , moving toward us .
tr	NNS	However what ensued transcended the confines of the stage setting .
tr	NN	Todd grabbed his briefcase and followed him out .
tr	NN	And thank goodness she does , because it turns out to be a horrible , time-consuming job .
tr	NN	Until she heard the jeep 's engine and turned to watch it zigzag up the hill .
tr	NNS	There were never any complaints from her , no arguments or attempts to change my mind .
tr	NNS	She apparently had good connections because she was already aware of most of the drama .
tr	NN	Why delay the inevitable , besides ?
tr	NN	" Phantom One , you have the runway . "
tr	NN	" Ion felt his insides clench in anger , as he remembered everything .
tr	NN	The Hand proved a popular tourist attraction and grew in fame as mystics flocked to the area , eager to hear the sound of one hand clapping .
tr	NNS	The slaughter had made early adults of them all .
tr	NNS	' Maybe we should stop and ask directions . '
tr	NN	This was sealing our fate forever .
tr	NNS	He held up two plastic models and rotated one of them .
tr	NN	He felt the urge to be ready to run but to where he didn 't know .
tr	NN	I felt her faith in me was unwarranted , but I was so relieved to see her again that I didn 't contradict her .
tr	NNS	They closely monitored the students and games .
tr	NNS	And put needles in our arms .
tr	NNS	Death put the hourglass down , very carefully , on the table and looked at the ceiling for a while .
tr	NN	Enough of yo ' tryin ' to make yo ' self look the hero !
tr	NN	" You do suck the lifeblood out of rivals . "
tr	NNS	" We 'll make millions . "
tr	NNS	Steve created new discussions that talked about his experience in the capital city , especially the wall .
tr	NNS	Seth pulls his cigarettes out of his pocket and pops one into his mouth as we trail behind them .
tr	NN	And then I felt these invisible hands wrap around my arms and legs , like tentacles sucking at my skin .
tr	NN	" He angered your father 's witch , " he said , his voice bitter .
tr	NN	Moving to the window beside the door , she drew back the curtain and peered out into the night .
tr	NN	I just can 't take her attitude toward me right now . "
tr	NN	Other than the confrontation with Alix , she 'd enjoyed the lesson .
tr	NN	I used the shampoo to turn his hair into a mohawk before I made him tilt his head back so I could rinse his hair out .
tr	NN	' Sod off you little git ! '
tr	NNS	Once he suspected her of the thievery , he had zeroed in on her , then confirmed his suspicions with a quick talk with the front desk .
tr	NNS	The fitted bodice plumped her breasts up high , and the skirt draped and clung to her legs .
tr	NNS	As we make our way up Maple Street I see the same old houses , just as they 've always looked ; run down a bit really .
tr	NN	Every Flame Day , the bear wreaked havoc in the towns and country , but always with tears in its eyes .
tr	NNS	Doug has connections with business people , maybe Doug knows .
tr	NN	" We 'll discuss your penchant for dominant men when we get home later . "
tr	NNS	They had other less serious activities ; one of these was tripping people up .
tr	NN	Guarding a huge treasure of our people . "
tr	NN	He wanted the scientist to rise once again and finish the work he had begun .
tr	NN	" And take my advice .
tr	NN	He had a long , gray beard , and wore riding leathers .
tr	NNS	Within minutes he was shakily lifting out two half-hour tapes : recent rejected data not fused with majority reports .
tr	NN	I twist the knob and pull the door open .
tr	NN	The monster has already escaped its cage !
tr	NNS	I 'd worn flats .
tr	NN	I tucked a strand of scarlet hair behind her ear and kissed her temple .
tr	NNS	Eleanor saw Hart 's bodyguards frantically shoving through the mob .
tr	NNS	" Who sent the roses ? "
tr	NN	I found my nightgown and slipped it over my head .
tr	NNS	I have even missed the chores and the early morning rides and walking in the evenings to give treats to Buck and Thunder .
tr	NN	" I received an e-mail . "
tr	NN	But you ask any Harley rider who 's experienced road rash , and he 'll explain why he wears leather .
tr	NN	I have great reverence for this uniform , as you should . "
tr	NN	Thank goodness he 'd left for California the next day so she hadn 't had to face him again .
tr	NNS	Agatha 's heart skipped a few beats as she followed the red headed , husky man , whose weathered face revealed he had spent years working outside .
tr	NNS	You can do this , " he said encouragingly .
tr	NN	Kane suddenly stopped a quarter of the way across the plateau .
tr	NN	Mulberry did not carry an iPod or push a baby stroller .
tr	NN	He set the parking brake with a jerk , unbuckled his seat belt , and grabbed the girl gun .
tr	NN	You will have a Kevlar vest , but that 's only for your peace of mind .
tr	NNS	" If you get some , bring extras for me . "
tr	NN	This time she bypassed the stairwell we had used to go over the massive central room .
tr	NN	" She has that engagement brunch , one of her friends . "
tr	NNS	And you 'll have centuries to prove that after I 'm gone . "
tr	NNS	They were farming experts , and they worked with Zac .
tr	NN	Michael , these creatures can tell a witch when they see it , male or female .
tr	NN	They dropped off their chase and let the train slip away from the platform .
tr	NN	" I 'll find a witch .
tr	NN	She held out her pinky .
tr	NN	In the flickering light from the television , she could see the furrow that 'd formed between his brows .
tr	NNS	He walked the few blocks to the bank , but stopped a few yards from the entrance .
tr	NN	" Since Blackie won 't be at Copper Creek , how about I take some hay and grain over to Henry ?
tr	NNS	For pity 's sake , he 'd seen maids better dressed .
tr	NNS	Her head landed just a few inches from the trunk of a tree .
tr	NN	Colt looked pensive for a minute .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of Evan standing at the grill with Nate and Jared when I brought out another salad to set on the long table .
tr	NN	Her uncle just wanted proof that she had willingly relinquished the ownership of her land .
tr	NNS	All around them , they saw huge stone blocks lying on the ground .
tr	NNS	They made other small discoveries .
tr	NN	Though maybe now he had that proof .
tr	NNS	You know you two are getting pretty old now , you might hurt yourselves . "
tr	NNS	Tossing the pillow back onto the bed , I peeled off a few layers of clothing and crawled in beside her .
tr	NN	I pulled off the cap , exposing a tiny hole at the top of the cylinder .
tr	NN	David , continue observation .
tr	NN	We may need protection getting back . "
tr	NN	Dorian descended the staircase .
tr	NN	" Can you get a new ID and passport for her , too ?
tr	NN	I felt a huge crunch as the kidnapper 's car swerved into us and we were pushed into a car parked on the side of the road .
tr	NNS	The senator has influential connections . "
tr	NN	If he didn 't say the right thing he 'd lose respect from not only Jake but Maggie and the Pastor .
tr	NN	The third week he threw all caution to the wind .
tr	NNS	I just made a few little adjustments to give it some feedback . "
tr	NN	" I just have a stomach ache . "
tr	NNS	Damien hadn 't made his billions by making mistakes .
tr	NNS	They held three black shields shaped like extremely rounded triangles .
tr	NNS	Madeline counted tiles to the dining room .
tr	NNS	They just left the ties on our hands .
tr	NN	He has been holding out His Hand to me this whole time , and finally , finally I have reached for Him .
tr	NNS	Oh , sure , he 'd given her raises and more benefits .
tr	NNS	I can see your arguments for moving quietly , but I say we have to move quickly . "
tr	NNS	I spotted the spike marks on the tree first .
tr	NNS	He clutched his ribs and looked up at her with an expression of noble suffering .
tr	NNS	He , too must be feeling the stiffness in his legs and seat that Charlie was .
tr	NN	" They leveled a patch this morning and dropped those big boxy numbers about an hour ago . "
tr	NNS	He 's giving me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	It takes centuries to accumulate really good clutter .
tr	NNS	" I can calm the currents temporarily , like I did the other night , at least enough so that you can get some sleep .
tr	NN	' Why do I get the impression I should eat this quickly , before I lose my appetite again ? '
tr	NNS	I picked up my supplies , grabbed the torch , and began to walk again .
tr	NNS	And some jingle balls .
tr	NNS	Please , if you want me dead so very badly , make yourselves known .
tr	NN	On the way back to the studio , in a company limousine , I got my first glimpse of Larry Hagman 's ambition .
tr	NNS	Eve touch his biceps gently , imparting silent comfort .
tr	NN	" I ain 't met a woman yet who knows what sport is all about , let alone boxing ... .
tr	NNS	Every little wriggle Mairi did only inflamed his senses .
tr	NN	I can 't feel even an inkling of it now .
tr	NNS	" Tell us your conditions . "
tr	NNS	" And I can use paper plates .
tr	NNS	I tossed his boxers at him , knowing I 'd change my mind if he didn 't get covered up soon .
tr	NNS	" She and I both have older sons , teenagers .
tr	NN	Thomas felt the first pang of apprehension .
tr	NNS	Even if you befriend him , he will still play his little tricks on you and all you own . "
tr	NNS	Fresh and wind-blown snow had partially filled the tracks and trenches and body prints from the earlier party , making those marks seem shadows from a dream .
tr	NN	I reached the trunk with an exhale of relief .
tr	NN	But the convenience store didn 't have the shampoo I liked , so I had to go somewhere else . "
tr	NN	Naturally my father stated his claim to the land and told the evil king to leave .
tr	NNS	I sprint down more hallways .
tr	NN	She could hear traffic nearby .
tr	NNS	Like New Zealand , we have no poisonous snakes or spiders . "
tr	NNS	By now , most of the people on Earth harbored no doubts ; the aliens were hostile .
tr	NNS	" It leaves marks on the table when you put it there .
tr	NNS	" You retract your fangs and I 'll do the same with my scales . "
tr	NNS	He was already aroused , his hardness pressing against her .
tr	NN	A rush of cold fills the void .
tr	NNS	We had a good ten blocks to cover , and who knew what we might encounter along the way ?
tr	NNS	Should you pass it , I will offer you all my most prostrate apologies and hope for your forgiveness .
tr	NNS	She was cleaning houses .
tr	NN	He let out a short growl and stalked into the cave .
tr	NN	" Maybe they 've changed the code . "
tr	NNS	My feet tread the familiar halls easily .
tr	NNS	We 've had centuries of unrest .
tr	NN	No way would Courtney strip off her swimsuit in the shower , especially now .
tr	NNS	" One has golden scales . "
tr	NN	She 'd grown up a gambler .
tr	NNS	All his life he had heard tales of these violent savages from the Wilds who had no ambition except to attack the Ring .
tr	NNS	" Sixty-five million dollars .
tr	NNS	" Artichoke hearts and ricotta . "
tr	NN	" You know , I 've got the old Mustang just sitting here .
tr	NN	He 'd satisfied her initial itch ; she could wait ten minutes to get to his bedroom before starting round two .
tr	NNS	His lips whispered over her pulse , teeth nipping gently as his tongue stroked another caress .
tr	NNS	I examined the magazines but none appealed to me .
tr	NN	She could barely make out the landscape below .
tr	NNS	I 'd just repositioned the knives in my hands when the giant in the middle cursed and shoved his dying comrade out of the way .
tr	NNS	" How about getting these handlebars off my back ? "
tr	NN	Andre 's tone illustrated his distaste for his brother 's post .
tr	NNS	" I had suspicions .
tr	NN	Walter pulled his Cadillac into the gravel parking lot adjacent to the sallow lawn behind the house .
tr	NN	I clutch a pillow to my chest .
tr	NN	I felt muscles clench and flex as I moved , and reveled in the sensation of blood flowing faster than before .
tr	NNS	Though her legend provided no clues to her disappearance , it did give him many other items to add to his checklist .
tr	NN	Chapter Twenty-three We call her Jacey now .
tr	NN	" They all recovered consciousness and were offered the antidote .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't make excuses , doesn 't blow me off .
tr	NNS	They didn 't need or want the distractions .
tr	NNS	His greed , coupled with the military 's relentless pursuit for technological superiority , has turned billions of humans into nothing more than mindless slaves .
tr	NN	" I don 't have a stud muffin . "
tr	NN	" You 'd just accepted a scholarship to attend Cornell University . "
tr	NNS	The good news was , I had thirty dollars in tips folded inside my pocket .
tr	NNS	" Discussing the joys of youth ? "
tr	NN	She 'd learned the lesson Matt had taught her .
tr	NN	Maybe I 'll make jewelry .
tr	NN	He preferred solitude , and the quiet that now enveloped him .
tr	NN	He took the scroll from Lizzie and read it aloud .
tr	NNS	" But we also have some nice Mandarin dishes on the menu that can be made especially for you . "
tr	NNS	Sinead is still doing her classes .
tr	NNS	Cricket wipes the crumbs from his lips with his long fingers .
tr	NN	" So did you bring protection ? "
tr	NNS	" How much time before we reach the southbound tracks ? "
tr	NNS	He knew the back roads and the wilderness of the northern middle American states better than the law enforcement agencies which resided in and patrolled them .
tr	NNS	Wearing a sweater and a pair of faded jeans , he rolled a few inches into the room .
tr	NN	Behind him Stu 's drums began their crescendo .
tr	NNS	The Wise Old Man blessed the sisters and they set off to meet the latest trials that life had to offer them .
tr	NN	That night in bed , after Mandy kissed Buddy goodnight , she said a prayer of joyful thanksgiving .
tr	NNS	" Nah , she 's got the hots for Trystan . "
tr	NN	She and Caleb couldn 't break off their " engagement " right away .
tr	NN	Breathless from all the excitement she felt , she surrendered any resistance and pressed herself against him .
tr	NN	' How do you spell " electricity " , sir ? '
tr	NNS	There she has too many desires , which don 't always require the same bed mate . "
tr	NNS	Somehow , he supposed , the pockets of magic that moved with the weather bestowed their gift permanently to those born under their aura .
tr	NNS	He 's probably just charging folks who want a chance to sit in it . "
tr	NN	Damien gives my hand a quick squeeze .
tr	NN	" Don 't you enjoy painting ? "
tr	NN	Turning his head , he teased her other nipple with light laps of his tongue .
tr	NNS	He noted blackened scorch marks to either side .
tr	NNS	Izzy was rearranging the targets on the training field .
tr	NN	At any rate , I keep the encounter tucked away in my mind .
tr	NN	You have a penchant for getting into trouble . "
tr	NNS	He fanned the cards and threw one down .
tr	NNS	She could feel the steamy caress of hot breath as her hood flopped behind her .
tr	NNS	How you used your powers . "
tr	NN	He remembered Adelle 's plea -- her warning not to take them .
tr	NNS	He found most folks he met to be courteous and friendly .
tr	NNS	He brushed the cobwebs from his bare legs and chest and sat back against the brick wall of the porch underpinnings as he listened .
tr	NNS	" How about we grab some sandwiches and chips for a picnic over in Saratoga Spa State Park ? "
tr	NN	Besides not having any fuel , the airline industry couldn 't fill an airplane with business flyers or customers who could or would pay the price .
tr	NN	On her twelfth birthday and thereafter , he always sent her a dozen of roses .
tr	NNS	He gave the driver directions because he did not expect the man to know where the campground was .
tr	NNS	Eventually , the blood sealed the gaps around the hole and reduced the leak to something the suit could counteract .
tr	NNS	Is you sure they allow colored folks in here ? "
tr	NNS	The Queen 's scouts felt my powers emerging and sent Damien to the Mortal Realm to find me .
tr	NNS	And searching she found several ripe fruits on the ground , which she gathered , one after the other , in her sari .
tr	NN	The memory of Rebecca at his door kept intruding , along with other memories that stirred him just as much , only in a far different way .
tr	NNS	If they acknowledge this , and know we have recorded evidence of Baumann alive , holding the day 's newspaper , Jackson reveals the numbers .
tr	NN	Andy pulled open the tin and reached inside to pick up the Talisman .
tr	NNS	The archetypes pulled out crates full of weaponry , and distributed it among their ranks .
tr	NN	" What the fuck does that mean ? "
tr	NN	' Well , we can 't rule out the possibility - ' Another hammering at the glass made them look up .
tr	NNS	Plus , I preferred sweet , sugary foods .
tr	NN	I must have a similar uniform as well .
tr	NNS	" I love Ferris wheels ! "
tr	NNS	It was a trip of four hundred miles , we were averaging five knots I figured it would require a passage of four days .
tr	NN	He squared his cap on his head and stalked back toward the patrol car .
tr	NN	She had not lost her affinity for sarcasm which was thinly disguised behind a wide smile .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of her lean , muscular legs leading up to the black fabric of her underwear .
tr	NN	Chapter 15 Aquarius killed the ignition as the car entered the farmyard .
tr	NNS	The Kitsune Clan divided their students up into thirteen sectors , each sector with seven members each .
tr	NN	I plunge a sharp nail into the delicate skin above my left wrist .
tr	NN	She laughed , a warm flutter that drifted through the home like the call of a bird .
tr	NN	Susan closed the basket and set it on the floor of the boat .
tr	NN	If The Siren 's Heart is lost to you , then take this scroll .
tr	NN	I could smell the barbecue in the breeze .
tr	NNS	I have four dollars , so together we have more than half . "
tr	NNS	" Tell Jess , Helen . "
tr	NN	Opening the cover , she removed the pen and tore out a plain sheet of paper .
tr	NN	Quickly , racing around the corner of the porch , she ran smack dab into a very tall man .
tr	NNS	Inside , Case emptied his pockets into a clear plastic bin and placed them in a locker .
tr	NN	He picked up his pen , obviously intending to turn back to his translation .
tr	NN	" I felt a pang of guilt at this , but said nothing .
tr	NNS	I felt nauseous , and my head started to swim .
tr	NN	I had the eerie sensation that something bigger than I understood was going on .
tr	NNS	The man fell backwards and tumbled off the side of the tank .
tr	NN	A small grove of maple trees lined the backside .
tr	NN	" How may I serve the Queen ? "
tr	NN	I readied my coffeemaker and set the automatic timer for three hours from now .
tr	NNS	I enjoyed scents and sounds I hadn 't experienced in decades and it was amazing ... but something wasn 't right .
tr	NNS	Sara pulled the covers up .
tr	NN	You don 't give them enough credit for their maturity . "
tr	NN	Another reason to despise her captivity .
tr	NNS	The Smitten Kittens were all on edge , watching the crowds , keeping our ears to the ground .
tr	NN	He heard leather-bound books whiz around the room like crazed birds before hitting the floor with a thump .
tr	NN	It takes pity on no soul and no heart .
tr	NNS	He tossed the covers back and swung his legs over the edge of the bed .
tr	NN	" Tell me , witch .
tr	NNS	They had brought minimal supplies , just enough to get by for a few days .
tr	NN	" I will never give my throne up for you or anybody else , mage !
tr	NNS	If we continue increasing our size , we increase our chances -- Of infiltrating the town ?
tr	NNS	I heard three quick knocks on the door , and I opened it and let the doctor in .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his palms against the soft perfect globes .
tr	NN	In one hand , he was clasping a heavy pipe wrench .
tr	NN	" Tell him , grandpa . "
tr	NN	I don 't get a vote ?
tr	NNS	He was merely scouting out his meals .
tr	NNS	My pulse racing , I leap to my feet and peer into the shadows in case they should be hiding any other attackers .
tr	NNS	Now roughened walls revealed the innards of the mountain , its deep veins of colored clay and rock .
tr	NNS	I finally tracked down the funds and recovered them .
tr	NNS	He clenched his jaws , remembering his father 's constant admonition to trade on no reputation but his own .
tr	NNS	Another flare lit up the clouds , emphasising the urgency of the situation .
tr	NNS	' As part of my engineering apprenticeship I 've been studying the schematics of the ARC .
tr	NN	Rose moved a watercolor painting on top of the others .
tr	NNS	My hunger instantly drops a few notches as I focus on his touch .
tr	NNS	It didn 't matter how many times I showed him how to do it , the shoulders always had creases in them .
tr	NN	Yesterday , I passed a crater .
tr	NN	He 'd selected an Internet video of a news broadcast from earlier in the day .
tr	NN	I released the hand brake , allowing movement to resume in this tiny world .
tr	NNS	You add one or two crushed seeds to a glass of wine . "
tr	NN	His fingers gripped her hip and pulled her insistently toward him as he deepened the kiss .
tr	NNS	My father had no sons .
tr	NN	Rachel had also considered this possibility .
tr	NN	Through the windows in the breakfast room , I could see my mom patrolling the grounds with Mr. Fitzgibbon and a small army of men .
tr	NN	Cain gathered a warm strand of comfort and sent it streaming through their link .
tr	NN	When he was eleven years old he 'd seen an advertisement for the moped in the back pages of Boy 's Life magazine .
tr	NNS	" I need those pens ! "
tr	NNS	Stepping back , she pressed her palms to her eyes .
tr	NN	' And some mushy peas would go down a treat . '
tr	NN	' Because a little bird told me you 'd lost the recording advance GMD gave you . '
tr	NNS	She could hear birds chirping and smiled in delight when a squirrel ran right in front of them and scaled a tree .
tr	NNS	He longingly touched the runes that were etched into the obelisk .
tr	NN	Not to mention my attraction .
tr	NN	She touched the hilt of Demetrius ' knife that was sheathed at her side .
tr	NN	You will make a good substitute for Davis if he can 't be found . "
tr	NN	This made Mrs. K 's hope blossom as she knew Douglas Ashton always won , no matter what he attempted .
tr	NN	She hadn 't touched a mortal since her husband .
tr	NNS	" We sent messengers to find out why the Ambassador left so suddenly but they couldn 't find ... " " The islands are gone .
tr	NN	She set a teacup in front of him , the teapot beside him , and the sugar within easy reach before she turned to go .
tr	NN	The thin knit of his boxers offered no protection from the scalding heat of her touch and his erection jerked in response .
tr	NN	Marron was exiting the ramp , accompanied by some of Sable 's men .
tr	NN	Morgan 's heart gave the little hitch it always did when she saw him .
tr	NN	" Give us the location .
tr	NN	Sure , he had success against the Shades , but did he really think he could take her on ?
tr	NN	Today , Amber stacked up a collection of the latest music CDs for Paulette , and some recent videos ( DVDs didn 't appear until 1995 ) .
tr	NN	I gave George a thumbs-up , who was doing his best not to look disappointed .
tr	NN	As he got closer to the glow , he could hear the crackle of fire .
tr	NN	Also , watch your language . "
tr	NN	When the old Buffalo Soldier turned back , he had his revolving rifle in his hand .
tr	NNS	Make your sarcastic remarks .
tr	NNS	Her mom liked the monkeys . "
tr	NNS	" They sent their leaders ahead of them . "
tr	NNS	Ellie pulled the chicken breasts she had been marinating from the refrigerator .
tr	NNS	Andrea picked out three pairs of briefs , the designs of which made her laugh .
tr	NN	They begrudge every achievement attained or fortune that befalls their fellow women and that includes close friends .
tr	NNS	They touched noses and he caressed her face and ears .
tr	NN	She placed the basket on the table and quickly divested herself of purse and coat , hanging them on the hook by the door .
tr	NN	The hummingbirds were already frolicking around the bird feeder grams kept hanging from the eaves .
tr	NN	Then he examined the bench .
tr	NNS	" When will we call her folks ? "
tr	NNS	There , they were placed in holding pens to await the festivities and fall market .
tr	NNS	Franklin was giving me directions as best he could but I could tell he was in terrible pain .
tr	NNS	Regardless , after two weeks , I stopped my attempts , and the twins went on a strictly formula diet .
tr	NN	If he was telling the truth , he 'd have a more specific time frame . "
tr	NNS	The truth was , Michelle had no other family members to turn to .
tr	NNS	Does she wear rags ? "
tr	NN	She should 've stuck with her original plan and just slammed the door in his face every time he darkened her doorstep with his smarmy face .
tr	NN	So he took his backpack off and set it through the gap before wriggling through himself .
tr	NNS	Bureaucrats wandered the halls , chatting .
tr	NN	Then Del a made a low guttural growl .
tr	NN	I waved my fork at her .
tr	NNS	" I 'll just get these samples fixed and ready to send and then I 'll help .
tr	NNS	Skyler rubbed her temples again .
tr	NNS	" Each half of the race chose their own planets .
tr	NNS	Gretchen flung aside the covers and began throwing cosmetics into her travel case .
tr	NN	I took my admission in the Guwahati College .
tr	NNS	The Draft has only hurt your positions . "
tr	NNS	" What about if you lost your cubs ? "
tr	NN	Then a small clicking sound made her stiffen and turn .
tr	NNS	Sherry 's eyes turned sly .
tr	NN	A town gets the reputation for bein ' too rough , they change the routes and you lose the business .
tr	NN	She made a quick appraisal and thought , " So this is the legendary Buck .
tr	NNS	She studied the circled areas where the Order believed Vachon 's properties were situated .
tr	NN	Create a lasting impression .
tr	NNS	" They 've been detaining and searching ships for contraband around Boston .
tr	NN	Bertie made a dash out the front door .
tr	NNS	Like most things , Nita took the tales of their exploits with a grain of salt .
tr	NN	Then out of the darkness came the blurry visage of Kennan .
tr	NN	She felt the barrier slam down and decided there was no answer to that .
tr	NN	What the fuck is this ? "
tr	NNS	Ever since her grandmother 's death , she 'd seen " visions " she couldn 't explain .
tr	NN	She tore the package open and peered eagerly inside .
tr	NNS	When night fell , they built a bonfire and roasted hot dogs and marshmallows and listened to music .
tr	NN	Playing piano and singing along during the holidays .
tr	NNS	The rush with which he moved through the tight quarters of the nuclear submarine caused more than a few stares .
tr	NN	They finished the climb to the top of a knoll in a crawl , side by side .
tr	NNS	He lifted his black eyelashes to watch me from beneath them .
tr	NNS	I know all sorts of things about you . '
tr	NN	He pressed his temple to hers .
tr	NNS	He was making loud noises by slamming open the doors and closets .
tr	NN	I felt a pang of guilt ; for Jake and Chase and their secrets .
tr	NNS	I should book the facilities as soon as possible .
tr	NNS	I flung the covers aside and saw the time .
tr	NNS	Of course James would take extra measures after that .
tr	NNS	" We had no issues with our venom .
tr	NN	" So on that day , the two boys climbed the tower and began pitching stones over the side .
tr	NN	The model girl doesn 't know the escape code so she can 't go through and unlock from the inside .
tr	NNS	Eight pages in and they were about to give up when Zeus suddenly shouted ' Stop ! '
tr	NN	Nicolas Kumar returned his cap atop his head .
tr	NNS	He was feeling a little nauseous .
tr	NNS	They 'd claim billions but , after negotiations , pirates usually accepted about a quarter of their original demands .
tr	NNS	" I 'm sorry , " the operator told me , " we do not give out addresses . "
tr	NN	He placed the fork on the napkin and then pointed at the window .
tr	NN	I don 't even like football !
tr	NNS	Just change the tapes every night after you close up . "
tr	NNS	By killing me , you have doomed yourselves ... The Lord Ruler 's ﬁnal words .
tr	NN	I nearly dropped the feather .
tr	NNS	No , right now he was wearing beautifully tailored slacks in dark blue , a crisp white shirt with blue tie and white silk vest .
tr	NN	Instead I bought new film , telling myself the airport X-ray machines had ruined mine , then headed for the swamp .
tr	NN	She was drinking an apple martini and I wasn 't , which was a damn shame .
tr	NN	We reached the second landing and scanned the area .
tr	NN	I can 't help but give a little snort of laughter .
tr	NN	The rough cloth gave good purchase , and she wiggled it into her grasp .
tr	NNS	Lea had troubles with all of her previous opponents .
tr	NNS	Never under-estimate the mental powers of children .
tr	NN	I did get one chunk off and spent the next ten minutes chewing what I could .
tr	NN	But she didn 't recognize the design , nor think much about it .
tr	NN	Kara swallowed a large lump .
tr	NNS	Ace tumbled backwards and fell to the ground .
tr	NN	I felt the tingling in my blood as my body registered the possibility of danger .
tr	NN	We have the video .
tr	NNS	The small , intimate sound jacked his senses even higher .
tr	NNS	" Hired actors and a forgery .
tr	NNS	A glancing blow ripped the scales of my arm and carved a dashed line down my forearm .
tr	NN	But then she caught a glimpse of her husband 's face and realized that something was wrong .
tr	NN	Just as he finished typing , he received a file .
tr	NN	In the beginning , Mayor Daley recited a speech , telling the audience about Hollow 's traditions .
tr	NNS	Tiny blue pins covered areas she had cleared .
tr	NNS	" I 've never felt better , " he said fervently .
tr	NNS	This lawn had stripes .
tr	NN	We 're talking international incident of epic proportions here .
tr	NN	Shaya 's smile turned wry .
tr	NN	Juliette could hear her weeping .
tr	NN	I saw his body language towards you after I killed the snake .
tr	NNS	I pushed her thighs further apart and lowered my mouth to kiss the hardened little clit hiding there .
tr	NNS	Kill the cameras ? "
tr	NNS	They gathered the remains of their picnic lunch in silence , lost in private worries and regrets .
tr	NN	The average person sees a vase as being a practical item and will not display one unless it involves flowers or some kind of floral arrangement .
tr	NNS	She walked past Gina , between two girls who wouldn 't meet her eyes at all , and put her hand on the doorknob .
tr	NNS	The young lord choked down a few bites before begging off and going upstairs to his rooms .
tr	NN	From what I 'd seen of her other files , all of them followed this precise naming structure .
tr	NN	He pondered each detail .
tr	NNS	Before I 'm finished with you , you 'll welcome my attentions .
tr	NNS	On her side in the dirt , she squeezes off shots with her pistol .
tr	NNS	Hector used hand signals while Charlie and John stood at the wingtips keeping an eye on each engine , while listening and watching for any possible abnormality .
tr	NNS	Then Mack would have other targets to micromanage .
tr	NN	We 'll get a wagon and travel about , waving a banner that says ' Champion Exhibition Billiards by a Lady and a Lad .
tr	NN	Everyone kept their faith for as long as necessary and then they ... came by to whisper how sad they were for my loss .
tr	NNS	" Thank your traders .
tr	NNS	And the Christians won our hearts .
tr	NNS	And she 's adopted seventeen cats . "
tr	NN	Remembered that tomorrow evening we have the revenge of the tournament of vials .
tr	NN	I 've been studying psychology for years and I 've had a lot of counseling myself .
tr	NN	I felt the tower before I saw it .
tr	NNS	You spent fourteen thousand bucks last month chartering jets . "
tr	NN	" Tarzan , " Amanda returned the password .
tr	NN	While deafened by the sonic flare , Monk still felt the boy 's trembling moans of agony .
tr	NNS	" One ... hundred ... thousand ... dollars . "
tr	NNS	He finished his changes , read them again , and then handed the document back to Gray .
tr	NNS	Why , they could clip two or three more folks before they finally stop . "
tr	NN	But this last week had definitely tested my mother 's capacity for absorbing shock .
tr	NN	The stranger then pointed the pistol back at Elijah .
tr	NN	The act struck a sentimental chord with people .
tr	NNS	At last Joey took a few bites of her salad but Gabe was a man in a hurry , so there was little time for small talk .
tr	NNS	She could not forget the black , churning waters of the night before , the pale limb slicing through them like a knife .
tr	NNS	The man probably had contacts to Dream Syndicate personnel in his local area . "
tr	NN	Tom got a block of meat that was a dark orange from the case , and carried it over to the slicer .
tr	NNS	Dante stares at Buzz Cut .
tr	NNS	That player 's hatred and determination far exceeded their expectations .
tr	NNS	" Where your immune system cannot fight off diseases ? "
tr	NNS	I ignored those conflicting reactions and accompanied him all the way to the door .
tr	NN	He patted the trunk and moved to the center of the temple .
tr	NN	" I can 't discuss her status with you .
tr	NN	Katherine got a glimpse of John out of the corner of her eye .
tr	NN	I fought back the urge to tackle her , throw her over my shoulder , and escape through the back exit .
tr	NNS	She 'd never see any sunny beaches or watch any lifeguards after all .
tr	NN	He did bear a striking resemblance to Mr. Sharif , though , so the error was not my fault .
tr	NN	" This firm has never fired a lawyer . "
tr	NNS	Cale collected plates and silverware for two .
tr	NN	Strangers appearing , wreaking havoc .
tr	NN	Otherwise , Dong Hu would probably be working the farm full-time and be immersed in a gang .
tr	NN	I swallowed a lump in my throat .
tr	NN	Then he used a tool from his car to jimmy the lock on the door .
tr	NN	He 'd come out the loser .
tr	NN	How he pulled that one off will forever remain a mystery ; his hand never left the knob .
tr	NNS	You know , scratch our balls , beat our chests , talk about how much we love big tits .
tr	NN	I will call a lawyer in the morning and sue the fat off that big ox .
tr	NNS	I claim the rights of breed to take those notes .
tr	NN	She hadn 't expected this welcoming committee .
tr	NN	He made a dash for Sam 's bed , but he wasn 't quick enough .
tr	NN	His surprising gentleness stoked my arousal to a fevered pitch .
tr	NN	Her fragile features were flushed with passion and her hair a satin curtain of pale silver that tumbled over her shoulders .
tr	NN	At least I 've built up enough respect here for that . "
tr	NNS	And he could hear the birds now , and the clear singing of a deep creek .
tr	NNS	" You consider them terrorists ? "
tr	NNS	Our family 's money went back generations .
tr	NN	They slowed their descent above a small garden that was splitting apart .
tr	NNS	You have all the reflections , all the good intentions , but in the end the results from your efforts are simply the experiences I call mistakes .
tr	NNS	Jordan carried their beers back to a booth where it was unlikely anyone would overhear their conversation .
tr	NN	" The hardest part will be changing a nation of tea drinkers into coffee drinkers .
tr	NN	As I watched in horror , a small hand gripped the hilt of a sword and plunged it into my chest .
tr	NNS	Dagan had his suspicions on how the man was capable of such things , but if anyone knew , no one said .
tr	NN	Kicking the snow out of the way from the front door , I grab the doorknob .
tr	NNS	They hoisted the blades into the air .
tr	NN	Anything short would mean defiance , variance , and an all-out declaration of personal war against her and all that she stood for .
tr	NNS	Bern was going to lead it , standing exposed fifty yards away , fearless in his body armor and confident in his firepower .
tr	NNS	Hours later , they were finishing the reports , ensuring no real damage was done .
tr	NNS	Mac didn 't like his chances of getting off easy .
tr	NNS	With seventy million stater from the general fund , we can erect the corporate facilities to replace those in Attica , plus new laboratories and so on .
tr	NNS	" They have magic powers or superpowers .
tr	NN	I need a favor . "
tr	NN	He had the proof that the boutique firm of the Law Offices of J. Clay Carter II was in fact being run by idiots .
tr	NN	He lifted a long strand of her jet-black hair and ran his fingers back and forth over the long strands , thinking .
tr	NNS	Her mind had awoken the dust figures which were now moving in accord to the book .
tr	NNS	Can you see ghosts ?
tr	NNS	He studied his sensors for some clues .
tr	NNS	" We need engines back online , and we need to stop all venting before we end up losing the air plants .
tr	NN	The gorilla encounter had lasted only a handful of minutes , but the time stretched out in slow motion .
tr	NN	But why would Karen be carrying a shovel ?
tr	NN	" You grew a beard . "
tr	NN	He hit the stairwell , which was pitch dark except for the ambient glow of a few emergency lights .
tr	NN	Whatever had hit them , it had taken only a thin slice ... this time .
tr	NNS	Mal waited a few breaths to make sure the lad was well out of earshot before he allowed himself a quick chuckle .
tr	NNS	She tossed all the vegetables into the center of the pan and took it over to one of the burners .
tr	NNS	* * * CH 13 Lookout Johnny Dragon ... " I Wouldn 't Want to Be You ! "
tr	NNS	Seconds later , I heard the movie clips from YouTube .
tr	NN	She jiggled the doorknob , hoping to find it unlocked , but the lock was snug .
tr	NNS	" All Druids have some abilities .
tr	NNS	By tradition , men left their titles at the door , and said what they willed .
tr	NNS	He wanted the kidnappers .
tr	NNS	Understandably he has issues with war gods .
tr	NN	I grabbed my fork and dug into the salad , not waiting for Marcus to go first .
tr	NN	Any offspring of such a coupling was thus deemed an abomination unto all and sentenced to death from the very moment they were conceived .
tr	NN	I cannot afford sorrow , especially not from Mary .
tr	NN	" Well , I 'd suggest the abstract wing .
tr	NNS	I pressed my thighs together a little more tightly , feeling self-conscious .
tr	NNS	You take your chances .
tr	NN	He rubs the scruff on his jaw .
tr	NN	" At a sold out concert ?
tr	NN	Warmth infused her as silky water washed back and forth like a tide over her nak * d skin .
tr	NN	The force of her desire might be causing an edgy ache and reckless decisions , but she welcomed every ounce of frustration because she felt normal .
tr	NN	He has no appointment , but he says it 's urgent . "
tr	NNS	Olivia took a few deep breaths and pulled away from Alexander 's chest , looking into his eyes .
tr	NN	She made no protest that she could do it on her own , just said , " Thank you , " which made Tully worry .
tr	NNS	Samuel slowed his movements .
tr	NNS	The pain must have abolished his inhibitions .
tr	NN	He put the execution out of his mind , because if he lost it now , Celeste would kill him .
tr	NN	" You know his owner ? "
tr	NN	Anya rang the owner of the handwriting and one of the brighter agents in the department .
tr	NNS	The soldiers blocking the stairwell hit the floors .
tr	NNS	She could see three figures through the crack of the door : one tall , one young and one fat .
tr	NN	Gambling with drunks was like stealing candy from a one armed baby .
tr	NN	We had further proof , if any was needed , of the Goddess ' interest before we 'd gone fifty feet past the pier .
tr	NNS	" You won 't hear any arguments from me .
tr	NN	" Like our new toy ? "
tr	NNS	When he finishes , they compare the two written versions , and the one who does the listening decides which one 's accurate . '
tr	NN	" What the fuck is this ? "
tr	NN	The dog let out a low growl before launching itself against the side of the cage , very nearly toppling it over onto its side .
tr	NN	He knew Leonard 's reputation .
tr	NNS	Jaxon actually felt the sudden stillness in Lucian .
tr	NNS	I follow their motions and lay my arms over the backs of the guys to my left and right .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to cower , not to mention the urge to puke .
tr	NN	He eliminated that possibility , though , in the next moment when he drew back and asked , " What do we do now ? "
tr	NN	' Who 's had some success today , then ? '
tr	NNS	Up close , he noticed tiny freckles and a gap between her front teeth .
tr	NNS	The men drew blades .
tr	NN	He gave me a smug smirk .
tr	NNS	Both were wearing dark business suits , their jackets hanging carelessly open over white shirts and dark ties as they sipped coffee from white porcelain mugs .
tr	NNS	" They see many travelers through this part of town .
tr	NNS	" We 'll take secondary roads for a while .
tr	NNS	If I needed to make one batch for Mr. Sexy , I might as well double the ingredients to make some for my own uses .
tr	NN	All of you have already seen the transport functioning , so you will not miss much .
tr	NN	" Does everybody have a bat ? "
tr	NN	The warmth of his breath teased her nipple , and his tongue followed in a slow , leisurely caress .
tr	NNS	By the time Mary arrived , Allie had filled three pages with questions .
tr	NNS	He closed the drapes before leaving the room and Layla crawled off the bed .
tr	NNS	The blade passed a scant few inches over his head .
tr	NNS	Of course , she missed her sisters , but she fully expected to retrieve them , even if she died .
tr	NN	If negative karma comes from slandering the law , by denouncing slander we erase the negative karma .
tr	NN	I blew the lump of pasta before I brought it to my mouth .
tr	NN	She was never allowed off the estate without endless hassle .
tr	NNS	" I brought supplies . "
tr	NN	Her palm found her belly again , protective .
tr	NNS	" Any complaints about where I placed you in the other category ?
tr	NN	" And I will ask no favor to lead you there .
tr	NN	I made a demo tape and left it here .
tr	NNS	Did she just bat her eyelashes ?
tr	NN	I need a favor from you .
tr	NNS	She sniffed the roses , then sneezed .
tr	NNS	Her eyes scanned the roses and tiny white flowers as she stood there in a stupor .
tr	NN	As he approached us and came to a stop , I once again smelled that tantalizing aroma emanating from him .
tr	NN	You , oddly , carry visual sensation of one line only .
tr	NN	Clary had a hot chocolate wrapped in her hands , the warmth spreading through her body .
tr	NN	At first I cursed the ache inside me until it struck me that I had the perfect excuse to save Jesus ' life .
tr	NN	Paris made a feral growl before they vanished .
tr	NNS	I wore nude stockings because it was cold out and the city was always at least fifteen degrees cooler than the East Bay .
tr	NN	I bit back the urge to yell at her and forced down the anger when I saw the affliction twisting up the corner of her mouth .
tr	NNS	Small crimson bulbs illuminated the instrument panels , where several indicators flashed yellow .
tr	NNS	He kissed my palms , then looked up at me , his sensuous mouth twisting into a sad smile .
tr	NNS	" I brought out some photographs you might like to see . "
tr	NN	One is holding a bouquet of wilting flowers .
tr	NN	" Get outta here .
tr	NNS	His firm hands hugged my thighs , and he made these sounds as if I were the sweetest thing he 'd ever tasted .
tr	NNS	She obviously underestimated his abilities .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the taser wires but he touched something on his wrist and they fell free just as I yanked on then .
tr	NNS	The sardonic smile that curled his lips when he held out my chair confirmed my suspicions .
tr	NN	And with that he slipped his dagger between Thomas 's ribs and into his heart .
tr	NN	When his arms fell away she experienced a quiver of disappointment .
tr	NN	So sweet it makes my teeth ache .
tr	NN	It 's taking the ultraviolet catastrophe and making it happen . "
tr	NN	I sat content with that for a moment before hopping off the bed .
tr	NN	She had seen a different Aiden , one who could hold and point a gun without hesitation .
tr	NNS	The evasive nature of Martha Blake 's brother fuelled Adams ' suspicions that Sam Gibson had been treated to a broken-hearted performance of convenience .
tr	NN	The man tipped a knuckle under her quivering chin .
tr	NN	but I do envy at times .
tr	NNS	Make no sudden movements . "
tr	NN	He carried out the actual theft of Art , but he wasn 't the brains behind it .
tr	NN	He 's pointing out a small error I made when I hear the classroom door open .
tr	NNS	Coming into the bay , Captain Rob had counted only two pirate ships , and two supply ships , which backed Richard Tyler 's claims .
tr	NN	Something that will help you regain your credibility .
tr	NNS	He cleared her dishes , finished his coffee and headed off to school .
tr	NN	Tiffany heard the rattle of the spoon as , somewhere on the dark landing , the tray moved on .
tr	NN	Each plant will have a different effect so if one plant doesn 't work hopefully the next one will .
tr	NNS	She 'd heard tales of the dark things that lived and died beneath the Fist .
tr	NN	You get that trait from me .
tr	NN	Do you raise consciousness or lower its threshold ?
tr	NNS	They also picked out matching helmets , gloves and other accessories useful for touring .
tr	NN	I 'd last seen the ( mostly ) demon lawyer running through my yard being chased by gray streaks from Hell .
tr	NN	Every time she smelt or saw any type of cooking , it would give her the urge to vomit .
tr	NNS	How many points have I contributed to the team this year , hmmm ? "
tr	NNS	His latest evaluation showed little , if any , improvement .
tr	NN	She tossed her pen down and stopped worrying about giving the wrong orders .
tr	NNS	She misses her next two attempts , but keeps trying .
tr	NNS	I was breathing slow , deep breaths until I thought I could make it out of the bed without heaving .
tr	NNS	" No , she 's playing cards with an agent . "
tr	NNS	She 'd performed her regular weekend chores , but in a slapdash fashion .
tr	NN	He took possession of her mouth , his lips devouring hers as he rocked deeper into her .
tr	NN	He wiped the goose grease from his mouth with his sleeve , smearing even more grease all over his grey beard .
tr	NN	Inspector Boniface carefully slid the brown leather briefcase out onto the desk .
tr	NNS	I knew the difficulties and expected the worst .
tr	NN	We 've requested an infant . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , my dear .
tr	NN	I brought him his soda and gave him a kiss .
tr	NN	She held up her crown , clenched in her fist .
tr	NNS	Carter could now distinguish moving figures on the noisome wharves ahead , and the better she saw them the worse she began to fear and detest them .
tr	NNS	But she abandoned Tess , and when Kelly couldn 't deal with her anymore she dropped her off on Ethan 's doorstep for the summer .
tr	NNS	Grayson bared his fangs .
tr	NNS	The footsteps reverberated , closer ... closer ... Victoria ripped her fangs from his neck and hissed at the only entrance to the cavern .
tr	NNS	They certainly had some unresolved issues .
tr	NNS	Face my fears , at least one per month .
tr	NNS	A little fear can heighten the senses ; a little pain can feel like ecstasy .
tr	NNS	Then he kissed her senseless .
tr	NNS	He glances at the shut door then his concerned gaze lands on me .
tr	NN	You watch one YouTube video and now you 're going against everything you once stood for . "
tr	NNS	Once again Mr. Lennox looks a few breaths from an apoplexy .
tr	NNS	When I turned to look behind me , I saw silhouettes of the outside crowd pressed against the frosted windows .
tr	NNS	A flutter of awkwardness swept my insides .
tr	NN	He learned a new phrase : " economic displacement " .
tr	NNS	They don 't have enough brains to be cautious . "
tr	NN	This does present an interesting possibility , though . "
tr	NNS	We don 't have hall monitors .
tr	NNS	She winks at me and then subtly points to her black robes .
tr	NN	I took the package from her .
tr	NN	It doesn 't provide any more privacy than that found between bedrooms in the same home instead of two separate residences .
tr	NNS	Mia just followed his actions -- without resistance .
tr	NN	She also had a talent for telling a truth from a lie , and she could create , like all of us can . "
tr	NN	Seeing her standing there , topless with only a pair of black panties on , made his stomach clench down .
tr	NNS	He had two shots left in his own gun .
tr	NN	The cafe offered a wide range of juices and decaffeinated hot beverages .
tr	NN	" I want justice which is very different . "
tr	NN	I ardently desired the acquisition of knowledge .
tr	NNS	Use your skills with that rifle and keep those two ducking .
tr	NNS	I could also prepare sandwiches , or anything else that you 'd prefer for lunch . "
tr	NN	Reluctantly Jonas slipped the thin aluminum dagger out of its sheath and inserted the tip between the door and its frame .
tr	NN	You 've been writing too much poetry and it 's made your brain go funny . "
tr	NNS	They continue their normal actions without interruption , as I have personally noted . "
tr	NNS	I hover inches from the floor , held tight by his grip .
tr	NN	Her man had arranged every detail , from the beautiful flowers to the lovely candlelit chapel .
tr	NN	" We 're taking my jeep to get your dog and take him for a walk . "
tr	NNS	" I love surprises . "
tr	NNS	It only took two trips - we really didn 't have a whole lot of stuff .
tr	NN	Others more practical but with less professional pride would perhaps have stuck a dagger into each of them before they observed it .
tr	NNS	Moving her arms through the air she used her own freezing abilities to draw up the snow on the ground and create a thick shield of ice .
tr	NNS	He lit no torches and made no sounds , passing three more guards without notice .
tr	NNS	William pulled up the latest reports of the Behemoth activity .
tr	NNS	Under false pretenses , they might be selling clients with an interest in running to a nefarious mob , thinking they 're helping them runaway . "
tr	NNS	" A hundred and twenty-two thousand dollars . "
tr	NNS	He didn 't specifically mention the attempts on her life - not in front of Lee and Clarence - but the rest of us understood .
tr	NNS	I have no fears about that . "
tr	NN	I have long since pulled the wrap from his hind leg ; it won 't heal him .
tr	NNS	They 're demanding more research subjects .
tr	NN	I 'd experienced this own brand of hell when Kat had been shot , but that didn 't make any sense .
tr	NNS	We 're just sitting ducks out here . "
tr	NNS	She 'd skipped core classes - tested out of them - but she understood .
tr	NN	Would he have regained consciousness before I 'd managed to crawl out from under him and get to a telephone ?
tr	NN	We will begin our descent into Scotland soon .
tr	NNS	Anyone passing would know two Shifters were finding relief out here in the dark .
tr	NN	Graham tore the napkin that had come with his ginger ale to shreds .
tr	NN	I made this cap today , but I thought it wasn 't quite accomplished enough to donate .
tr	NN	Why would I keep the email ?
tr	NN	I pulled my keyboard out of my closet and pulled up the sheet music to Ellie Goulding 's Burn , which I was totally in love with .
tr	NN	He tipped his cap to Gia and turned to kiss his wife on the cheek .
tr	NN	Trey peeled a strand of licorice off .
tr	NNS	He took deep breaths and finally calmed down .
tr	NNS	A lot of you have families , and I 'm not asking you to stick your neck out for me and my pup .
tr	NNS	Electricity almost overpowered my senses and I forgot the rest of the world around us .
tr	NN	" Turn your umbrella on .
tr	NN	He closed the laptop lid and headed for his turn in the shower .
tr	NN	" To try tennis in the great hall .
tr	NN	But only if I took the proverbial bull by the horns .
tr	NN	As soon as he spoke in his privileged drawl Amy 's momentary admiration vanished .
tr	NN	I didn 't always have this attitude toward sex , but some years back I had a. . .
tr	NN	I return the gesture and look around me to a table that has been set to the nines .
tr	NN	Delphic had a reputation , but still .
tr	NN	The stranger took powder from a small container and blew it across the cavern .
tr	NNS	Her breath came shallow , and she fell to one knee .
tr	NN	And bring this hostile Warden along ?
tr	NN	He 'd want my execution on his front steps . "
tr	NNS	First on the list , get some chairs over here pronto .
tr	NN	In my mind , I let one word repeat over and over .
tr	NNS	He left the dishes to her but didn 't go directly to the barn .
tr	NNS	The sea people stalked the ships .
tr	NN	I follow the strange flutter in my belly , the extra beats of my heart .
tr	NNS	" Well , one good scanner can pick out the targets in , say , a three or four story building . "
tr	NNS	Keller was examining the figures .
tr	NNS	Nathan now shot at them with the rifle if they refused to show themselves , he was taking no chances .
tr	NNS	I had fifty dollars ' worth of birthday money sitting in my checking account .
tr	NNS	" We need allies .
tr	NNS	Someone had rigged up lamps and mirrors below it .
tr	NN	As in , Get your butt down here .
tr	NN	Yuffie cast Natalie a collection of sidelong glances .
tr	NN	But she 'd never left a reception before her bride .
tr	NN	" Prior to our engagement , I joined the volunteer fire department .
tr	NNS	While he sat on death row , he revealed enough about his devil to help the authorities discover the Green River Killer 's demon .
tr	NN	At this moment he had almost the same sensation .
tr	NNS	He could see odd varieties of tools hanging on one side of the shack wall .
tr	NN	But Lissa hadn 't needed his lust .
tr	NNS	Many of the emissaries endured beatings , then to be cast out ; many more gave their last breath .
tr	NN	He could make her tremble and cry , cower and beg .
tr	NNS	I 'm not making excuses for what I 've done , but that was before I learned I didn 't have to kill to survive .
tr	NNS	" We are not doing any spells . "
tr	NNS	Reuben could see the tracks in the dust leading back and forth from it to the door .
tr	NNS	' We do not have the vocal capabilities to communicate in your language .
tr	NN	He gave a shrug and fixed the man with a firm stare .
tr	NNS	' Does it do tricks ? '
tr	NN	A county hospital provided the best venue .
tr	NNS	He had no doubts what she said was true .
tr	NN	I sat tense and apprehensive , counted the passengers as they boarded the bus .
tr	NNS	Thick stacks of books tower Serena .
tr	NNS	Flash illuminated the surroundings for a split second , but that was enough .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , they didn 't encounter any more giant butterflies .
tr	NN	" I have only one goal here , Angelica , to bring Starlin down .
tr	NN	" No one 's home so keep the towel on you and run upstairs . "
tr	NNS	Use these funds to find someplace nice for you and Will and father .
tr	NN	She could hardly keep her wiggling behind in the seat .
tr	NN	Lily turned off the video , tears tracking down her face .
tr	NN	Motions clipped , he swiped a towel from beside the sink and bent down .
tr	NN	It doesn 't suit our style of warfare .
tr	NN	He caressed her thigh .
tr	NN	In no time at all , she had devoured the steak and fries .
tr	NNS	She stood no less than thirty yards away .
tr	NN	Maybe he wouldn 't like the sentimental gesture .
tr	NN	It had a single , round red LED on top of it .
tr	NN	I was using reverse psychology on you , and you fell for it .
tr	NNS	He faced the twins , pointed a figure at them , and whispered sternly , " Not a word to anyone you understand ! "
tr	NNS	They followed the routes of his veins and arteries .
tr	NNS	Cathy ran down the bleachers almost falling when she hit the landing .
tr	NNS	We have different fathers , but obviously we are twins . "
tr	NNS	Running her hands down his arms , she squeezed his biceps .
tr	NN	" Even the young can face misery , tragedy , and twist sadness into hatred . "
tr	NNS	Kill two birds with one stone , as it were .
tr	NNS	He already has billions .
tr	NNS	With a deliberate motion he allowed his fangs to pierce the skin , and just as deliberately paused as he waited for her approval .
tr	NNS	He put the deer in his sights and pulled back on the bow .
tr	NNS	Your leader must have powerful persuasive powers , almost supernatural .
tr	NN	I brought the swing to a halt and picked Kelly up off my lap , placing her feet gently on the ground .
tr	NNS	She is currently working special assignments for us .
tr	NN	My sister views her Mama .
tr	NN	His hand entered the bodice from the side , pushing his way between the material and her bare breast .
tr	NNS	OK , my boyfriend can make fireballs , completely normal .
tr	NNS	Chrissie was echoing his responses for her mother 's benefit , and Susannah sighed at her daughter 's naivete .
tr	NN	Nic grabbed a towel , started rubbing himself down , which only excited me more .
tr	NNS	Suddenly he felt dizzy and unsteady on his feet .
tr	NN	He grazed his knuckles along her cheek .
tr	NN	Renzo fought off an urge to shoot at the wolf with Julia in its jaws .
tr	NN	I do see some pity in that smile , but not as much as I thought I would .
tr	NNS	The clerk punched a few numbers into the cash register and the drawer opened .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my palms on my jeans .
tr	NN	Ink had had his fun digging around for that bullet with his unwashed hands and experimental prodding .
tr	NN	I spared no detail .
tr	NN	He reined to a halt a scant handful of yards from the wall .
tr	NN	On arriving there they detected unease in the trio .
tr	NN	The moment they left the Hell 's Gate they hit the wall .
tr	NNS	I tore the most interesting pages of the book and I put her in pocket .
tr	NNS	His face was changed , his voice was changed , his fingerprints gone .
tr	NNS	Boxes of lettuce , cheese , orange juice cartons , and eggs lined the metal shelves inside .
tr	NNS	A tremor rumbled through the cottage rattling tea cups , rippling the walls .
tr	NNS	She took ten deep breaths as she went behind the counter to get the drinks .
tr	NNS	He spoke only lies .
tr	NN	He opened a drawer and revealed a long line of spare white shirts like what he wore .
tr	NNS	A magical affinity between object and likeness , between being and symbol , underlies all symbol systems .
tr	NNS	It probably had plush chairs , and magazines from this decade .
tr	NNS	August always got the creeps when he saw him , and when he was heading for him to play .
tr	NNS	Ira could still see the snakes behind this newly formed tissue , twisting and turning , as they tested the strength of the enclosure .
tr	NN	They were keeping their pact to not walk alone after dark and Sage wanted to get back to study .
tr	NNS	Most likely he made millions of dollars with one phone call .
tr	NN	If he was such a great businessman , why couldn 't he build his own legacy ?
tr	NN	Who hadn 't met their future spouse , the alien they were supposed to spend the rest of their life with , by a picture ?
tr	NNS	He took off his sandals , and brought them back to the shoe rack , where they were dwarfed by Yama 's pairs .
tr	NN	But the moment I get an opportunity , I will take revenge for this blatant arrogance .
tr	NN	He knows the drill . "
tr	NN	Clean shaven and dressed , he sneaked a peek of himself .
tr	NNS	" It has all sorts of uses . "
tr	NN	Senator Stanton tapped his pen against his cedar desk .
tr	NNS	Della rubbed her palms on the back of her jeans .
tr	NNS	He makes the mining methods used here viable ; makes it possible for us to make any money out of this pit . "
tr	NNS	She awkwardly rested her palms on her sides then glanced up at the lights twinkling on the Ferris wheel .
tr	NN	Marcus let out an angry growl and opened his door .
tr	NN	Looking down into the open grave , Terrance realized what was missing , the coffin that he had crafted for us .
tr	NN	She took the towel from Peter 's hand and felt it trembling .
tr	NNS	" Harmony , I 'm wearing black slacks and a blue button up .
tr	NNS	She had several meetings today and she still needed to prepare for them .
tr	NN	She 'd learned her lesson after what happened with Belinda Mayhew and no longer blindly accepted clients .
tr	NNS	Then Rowan grinned , a predator baring his fangs .
tr	NNS	She takes a few bits of the salad .
tr	NN	Wanda , as the spokeswoman for them said " My god , girl .
tr	NNS	John drank the many cups to his health with well-watered whiskey .
tr	NN	She would start the range in the kitchen and then start the baking .
tr	NN	Feeling as if I were about to collapse , I pulled back the curtain on my bed and swallowed a scream .
tr	NN	She quickly took the apron off .
tr	NNS	They 've got stable crops and everyone is fed and clothed . "
tr	NNS	They got their three chances through the insurance company and two of them were gone .
tr	NN	Fuck a duck . "
tr	NN	He approached a cluster of boulders .
tr	NN	Kara wet the soap .
tr	NNS	The lanky Lizard smiled slyly .
tr	NN	She headed down the passageway to bed twelve , threw back the pale blue curtain and stepped forward .
tr	NNS	" I hate surprises .
tr	NNS	She 'd taken many lovers and felt Samuel tense when a lovemaking image would flow through her thoughts .
tr	NN	There in the night I was having an epiphany .
tr	NNS	The two teenagers had several failed attempts at head butting one another .
tr	NNS	He had many areas of expertise , some of which had made him rich .
tr	NNS	Out of options , the skull kid thrusts both palms into the trunk just before Link can reach him .
tr	NNS	Wake up , " she whispered , her face only inches from his .
tr	NNS	He pressed both palms to his ears , shutting out that maddening , mutilating voice .
tr	NNS	And didn 't my forehead trace the same funny folds when I frowned ?
tr	NN	I jumped over the rope and pushed my way to the table in the corner .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't get specifics , but some of the nobility don 't believe her to be a worthy companion of anyone in this court .
tr	NNS	" Hold still , Olivia , " he said fervently .
tr	NNS	The wolves scared up two deer and gave chase .
tr	NNS	She 'd refused the gourmet meals and flowers he 'd had delivered .
tr	NNS	I slowed the dolphins to a stop and tied their reins securely around a post .
tr	NNS	Bax fired another two shots .
tr	NNS	It read eleven at night .
tr	NNS	Caroline sounded breathless , a little edgy , which was uncommon for her .
tr	NN	" Cool your jets pal or I 'll make you wait until I finish my dessert , too . "
tr	NNS	They were once thought fanatics .
tr	NNS	He really could not afford these delays and be tied up in some security loop of questioning and suspicion of terrorism .
tr	NN	" And Jenny had a full backpack of them . "
tr	NN	Jane shoved the bench back against the wall .
tr	NNS	" To test data . "
tr	NNS	She rubbed temples that ached .
tr	NNS	In fact , she knew several hospitals that would kill to be this up-to-date .
tr	NN	Their heads sweep toward mine , but Cassandra puts her hand up to stop Amanda from responding .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the worn , faded denim lovingly hugged Mike 's muscular thighs and tight ass .
tr	NN	I gave him a light shove .
tr	NN	" We passed a diner before we turned onto Jennings .
tr	NN	Sam and I walked up the hill and stowed our instruments in my car and his truck .
tr	NN	We can know sorrow .
tr	NNS	Wayne had always accused her of the same thing , telling her she deserved his punishments , because she couldn 't keep her mouth closed .
tr	NNS	You have all the rights to ask me why this is impossible , when your innocence and simplicity clearly sees it as a natural progression .
tr	NN	Paris didn 't make his coffin by dawn .
tr	NN	After the ships had docked at Veracruz , the Empire 's soldiers unloaded their equipment and vehicles .
tr	NN	Sadness made Risa 's smile fade .
tr	NN	I noticed a bright green luggage tag shaped like a shamrock on her suitcase .
tr	NNS	She visibly shudders , crossing her arms .
tr	NN	" You should have a little loyalty , Brian .
tr	NNS	Carmine grabbed the brown starter wires next and stripped them , immediately striking them hard against the red ones .
tr	NNS	After a heartbeat , she withdrew the daggers from his thighs .
tr	NN	Did I say crap ?
tr	NNS	Our time together on the mountain had at least put those fears to rest .
tr	NNS	After a few jumps , I recognized both our scents .
tr	NN	I heard a crunch , then a male voice yell .
tr	NN	He brushed a stray strand of her hair behind her ear .
tr	NNS	Secondly , they may have had difficulties with river crossings .
tr	NN	I 'm innocently testing the cheesecake when I look up to see her standing at the edge of their table .
tr	NN	I felt his body tense as his fist clench .
tr	NNS	He honestly had no complaints about that .
tr	NNS	" Because in my family we never took photographs . "
tr	NN	Chloe had long since lost her college girl attitude and had once again became the murderous Russian chic .
tr	NN	How had he gotten this info when he had been on other side of the country ?
tr	NNS	And , they could find other assignments for his candidates if he were not inclined to use them as the experimental group .
tr	NNS	So far she had completed two Trick Parker novels and received rejection letters from fifty six publishing houses .
tr	NN	" Lieutenant , you shouldn 't be wearing your uniform . "
tr	NN	And yet now ... it felt bittersweet , almost .
tr	NN	Damn fools shouldn 't put useless furniture in these rooms .
tr	NNS	" Have you checked the hospitals ? "
tr	NN	At his smile , Sibyl let her weight sag against Colin and he took it on without sound or movement .
tr	NNS	She stole the tapes that had been sitting on that shelf for at least a decade and now they 're lost out in the gutters .
tr	NNS	He saw the parasites exiting the wounds the vampire had torn in her skin .
tr	NNS	Ha , I know these corridors like the back of my hand .
tr	NNS	We 've been investigating reports of a possible breakthrough cancer drug discovered at Mountain State University in Colorado .
tr	NN	" You set the location and time , and I 'll create the extraction plan .
tr	NN	Still he maintained his self-control .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my thighs together .
tr	NNS	" Amen , " Silk agreed fervently .
tr	NN	As far as I know , she 's never had a haircut .
tr	NNS	But you really shouldn 't have lit so many candles .
tr	NN	It brought joy to his heart and a big smile on his face .
tr	NN	She poured a saucer of milk for her cat , though she didn 't know where the animal was .
tr	NNS	Without it you would feel intense grief , much more intense than a human could withstand .
tr	NNS	Then we shall see the fruits of our labors . "
tr	NN	Xavier lost his patience .
tr	NNS	People , especially teenagers , receive confusing signals .
tr	NN	" We also have a wagon that we could use .
tr	NN	Jack opened his desk drawer and whipped out his darts .
tr	NN	" Then why don 't you get a Humvee and drive out to take a look ? "
tr	NNS	Guards pounded their spears on the tiles and beat their gauntlets against their chests .
tr	NNS	It only lowered her inhibitions enough to free her existing attraction .
tr	NN	Clark didn 't take rejection well .
tr	NNS	They removed nine tiles altogether , placing them off to the side .
tr	NN	He gave her a small salute and walked in the opposite direction from the main garage where she was headed .
tr	NNS	" If he had you for an accuser , he 'd have gray hairs aplenty ! "
tr	NNS	Mealtime offered no surprises .
tr	NNS	She would frighten the wits out of anyone who saw her .
tr	NNS	Roberta and James didn 't witness the mood swings from Sarah as she had .
tr	NN	His cheeks sported a barely visible blond scruff .
tr	NN	Teeth nipped her butt , jolting her awake .
tr	NN	On his head he wore a crown of silver leaves that glowed with an eerie luminescence .
tr	NNS	Clarice shook off her troubles for a moment , and looked Raja over .
tr	NNS	We have strengths they do not have , but we have weaknesses too .
tr	NN	I picked up a pillow off her bed and threw it at her .
tr	NN	I feel a sudden pang of longing for him .
tr	NN	Cruz offered solace , without turning his gaze .
tr	NNS	What if she 'd said four or five million bears !
tr	NN	Raphael ´ s found the artifact .
tr	NNS	He could feel its circuits faltering under his increased workload burdening them .
tr	NNS	Brad and I made several attempts to find a safe topic of conversation , but apparently there was none .
tr	NN	" You just follow the rope , and there 's kind of a current .
tr	NNS	So I spliced all the electricity cables into diced onions . "
tr	NNS	He was wearing slacks and a casual shirt that were designer and he had multiple diamond rings on his hands .
tr	NNS	They make noises by which they give others of their kind information .
tr	NN	The kitchen had a large iron stove , and that suited me right down to the ground .
tr	NNS	" The officers in New Dallas didn 't keep their mouths shut about you escaping .
tr	NNS	I 'll call back when and if the status changes . "
tr	NNS	I kick back the covers and get out of bed , feeling like some sort of animal that can sense a particularly bad storm before it hits .
tr	NNS	They 'd spent centuries as enemies .
tr	NNS	I found two bottled waters and some Advil on my way to Stella 's room .
tr	NN	" What harm can he do ?
tr	NNS	I have one final , perfunctory objection , even though I 've made up my mind to accept the inevitable .
tr	NNS	No real medical facilities and yet we did better than some hospitals .
tr	NNS	I mimicked his motions as he grasped the shell with the tongs and used the fork to pull the meat out of the shell .
tr	NN	He must have inherited that trait since he was just like his father who was the head of the family and a major international company .
tr	NN	She loved the sensation of it prickling her skin .
tr	NNS	I knew their powers , and some were fierce .
tr	NNS	I didn 't even feel dizzy .
tr	NNS	He had a few suspicions about that .
tr	NN	We 'll just cover the trap . "
tr	NNS	If he 's doing drugs right at this moment .
tr	NN	Like you could actually roast a steak on a stick . "
tr	NN	Someone had sabotaged his speech .
tr	NNS	I sensed connections to hundreds of demons .
tr	NN	The warm , vital weight of her body sent another sizzle of energy through him .
tr	NN	I felt my stomach clench as the officers frowned at us .
tr	NN	So streamlined it makes my dents ache .
tr	NNS	I send up two steaks .
tr	NN	Sanders used a letter opener to slit open the top before pulling out the letter .
tr	NN	If you read scientific articles in newspapers or magazines , you will encounter this argument frequently .
tr	NNS	" Where do you find these ridiculous notions ? "
tr	NNS	" Can you follow directions without getting grumpy ? "
tr	NNS	" These bones have unusually keen senses . "
tr	NN	The woman picked up a pencil and what looked like a scrap of paper .
tr	NN	" Jack could palm a basketball with one hand .
tr	NN	They were stacking ice cream .
tr	NNS	You can 't take any chances . "
tr	NNS	He and Michelle would order medium steaks and Stephanie would have macaroni and cheese or chicken fingers .
tr	NN	In the days that followed , we five males who were left did win the entire goodwill of the people .
tr	NN	There she supervised the removal of her luggage and sent the waiting coachman off .
tr	NN	Boy Willie rubbed his thigh .
tr	NN	It didn 't matter the cost , consequences , or lives .
tr	NN	He remembered the temple complex and its size in proportion to other buildings in the village .
tr	NNS	" Take a couple slow , deep breaths and I 'll carry you to that bench down there . "
tr	NN	He had a sudden seizure and choked to death on his own tongue .
tr	NN	" Did you get caught cheating ? "
tr	NN	His playing with my chest was causing an ache in my panties .
tr	NN	I felt a pang of something at that thought .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't enjoy losing numbers .
tr	NN	" She shouldn 't be down here , " Dougal said , a growl in his voice .
tr	NNS	" For you , brave members of the Fleet !
tr	NN	According to the custom , a boy assumes the yoke of the Law when he 's twelve , but that didn 't matter .
tr	NN	She heard the quick intake of Daphne 's breath , then footsteps scampering off .
tr	NNS	The door opened a few inches , stopped by a short chain .
tr	NNS	I think the powers that be have planned for the financial collapse but they don 't know how the Middle East will finally resolve itself .
tr	NN	Red Hawk accepted the pistol and said , " You and your people can live among us here .
tr	NNS	" I filled out all the forms at the hospital . "
tr	NNS	I remove the two knives I carry in my boots and hand them to two other boys .
tr	NNS	For some reason , known only to her , we are not on speaking terms .
tr	NNS	He did two tours of duty in Iraq . "
tr	NN	He gently took possession of her hands , turning them this way and that , frowning down at the dark matching bracelets of bruises .
tr	NNS	Walker grabbed the roses and the card and headed next door .
tr	NNS	We 'll build our first houses on the south of the island where it faces the Nanticoke .
tr	NN	The ram had already crushed the buffalo and trampled Neil along with his baboon .
tr	NNS	Running a hand through his hair , he opened his preternatural senses , searching for his link to Kay .
tr	NNS	" Same basics . "
tr	NNS	" She doesn 't even use numbers or symbols in her passwords .
tr	NN	" Don 't ever make a swing so wide that you can 't recover instantly . "
tr	NN	She gave him the same silent treatment she had me .
tr	NN	" ' Abort acquisition ! '
tr	NNS	The parents send their apologies for jumping to conclusions , and Colleen says thank you for bringing her home .
tr	NNS	At any rate , I monitored your actions , just as you expected .
tr	NNS	X-rated movie houses , strip clubs , brothels , peep shows , kink clubs .
tr	NN	She pulled up the oversized t-shirt just enough to reveal the wrappings , turning her head as he got to work on it .
tr	NNS	I 'll take no chances with her safety or that of our child . "
tr	NN	I felt my body tense as I got closer towards the bank of the river .
tr	NN	A draft tickled the hunter 's beard and drew his attention to the window where Leo leaned into the frame , head up gazing skyward .
tr	NN	He gave you advice .
tr	NNS	" We have six females in our group about to give birth . "
tr	NN	Hold this mop and give me that pad . "
tr	NNS	The testers were finding all sorts of defects and the development team was to work round the clock to close them out .
tr	NNS	He lifted one long curl of her hair and twisted it around his hand .
tr	NNS	" I hate stink bugs .
tr	NN	I recognize your command and bow to it now - if never again C with my heart . "
tr	NNS	Maybe she would take her chances with the sharks .
tr	NNS	For their part , the Indians brought forward members of their own tribe who knew languages , hoping that they could find some common dialect .
tr	NN	'Cause with his hair trigger , he should be getting a volume discount from someone .
tr	NNS	Pasha studied his new guides curiously .
tr	NNS	I hated Ferris wheels .
tr	NN	I take a peek in their bathroom , and that 's when mom and Tad decide to walk in .
tr	NN	He inhaled the fragrance of her hair .
tr	NNS	Ian wrote more numbers , pen moving steadily , without pause .
tr	NNS	The roofs were painted tiles in colorful contrast to the milky stone of the cottages .
tr	NN	He snatched the pistol , and the bronze bracelet on his wrist shimmered as he tossed the weapon aside .
tr	NN	His smile conveyed a timeless sensation , and she resigned herself to his presence .
tr	NNS	Preacher could either fire shots in succession , each burst doing a decent amount of damage .
tr	NN	I catch the glimpse of an arm hugging her as she leaves but I don 't see the other me .
tr	NN	They have a true southern European attitude , one that repels stress and embraces life .
tr	NNS	" My country wouldn 't kill brilliant scientists because they 're in the way .
tr	NN	He was touching the wrench to an obviously purple section of the wall .
tr	NN	I have one savior .
tr	NN	" I built the bath to entice you to desire my company more often . "
tr	NN	They made no bargain with Satan or Lucifer , yet find themselves dragged down into the burning caverns of Hell ... like Andres .
tr	NN	Maybe she 'll be reading this article .
tr	NN	She was also pouring Keller juice .
tr	NNS	He 'll probably always have some anger issues over his mother being murdered , so that doesn 't help .
tr	NN	He ripped off the t-shirt , clearly too impatient to take it off normally .
tr	NN	Slightly spreading my legs apart , I caught a glimpse of the bottom part of jeans and men 's white sneakers directly behind me .
tr	NN	I pulled the bat back and took another swing and then another , each one doing tremendous damage to the body of the downed alien .
tr	NN	They would have taken a different attitude if their military filled with Resistance fighters would have given them any kind of hope .
tr	NNS	In the end , the creatures turned into nothing more than fairy tales that humans told to children before going to sleep .
tr	NN	He grabbed a pen and paper , stood up and came to the counter .
tr	NN	Crossing her arms , she gave him the impression she was trying to hug herself , or protect herself from some sort of emotional turmoil .
tr	NN	What protection did these people possess ?
tr	NN	Another strong pull of his mouth sent arousal spreading in a heated rush from breasts to toes .
tr	NN	A few minutes later , Mark and his co-worker return to the trailer , unaware they have an intruder lurking above .
tr	NNS	I cup her breasts and wrap my lips around her nipple , tasting , sucking , and pretending I 'm with Jules .
tr	NN	They shunned centralized organization , but it appeared the vampire Daniel was working hard to establish himself as a dictator .
tr	NN	' It can 't do any harm to try and make him understand .
tr	NN	" You could always keep your appointment for Thursday . "
tr	NN	" Look babe , a ship . "
tr	NNS	Seeing Aurora so miserable ripped fresh layers off of his already raw heart .
tr	NNS	They had professional teams and played for the Ravens .
tr	NN	I give thee joy that thou hast found thy brother at last .
tr	NNS	" Quick , give him your hearts and livers , so he 'll leave mine alone ! "
tr	NN	They had no humanity to temper their instincts and , as such , they were brutal and dangerous .
tr	NN	Whilst they had been talking , McBride was still putting paint on the paper .
tr	NNS	They were not intentionally mean wolves .
tr	NN	After another contemplative moment , he turned to Chris with a grin and asked , " You fancy a little digging ? "
tr	NNS	Yeah , that much was obvious ; Miranda was so thin , Claire could see the knobs of her bones at the joints .
tr	NN	He used a big chunk of concrete and a bag of potting soil as an anchor .
tr	NN	Steven clutched the notepad in his pocket .
tr	NN	I have no advice to offer her .
tr	NN	I couldn 't hide the dismay in my voice .
tr	NNS	In the end , they settled on those little droplets the critters , later named turtles , left floating in the pond or on the weedy banks .
tr	NN	When he finally lifted his head to look down at her , his body slowly , reluctantly leaving hers , she had the urge to stop him .
tr	NNS	People all over the country sell vases that have ( or had ) unusual discoveries to the museum .
tr	NNS	As the only guitarist in the band Barry redoubled his efforts on the instrument which became an obsession closely matched by martial arts and Miss Wilkinson .
tr	NN	When questioned by Zelda 's mother about the danger of rabies he made a dismissive gesture and returned to his tennis .
tr	NN	Your theory suits her personality perfectly .
tr	NNS	" You cannot see the drops in the ocean . "
tr	NN	Just a coughed up realization .
tr	NN	" They have a new chant : ' We 're old .
tr	NN	He pinched her nipple between two fingers gently and she moaned moaning again .
tr	NN	A shiver of excitement tickled up and down my spine .
tr	NNS	" I taste peaches .
tr	NN	And he got a whole lot warmer when she brought over a handful of thongs .
tr	NNS	He spreads his palms out .
tr	NN	She 'd turned facedown to increase her momentum .
tr	NNS	Fallon opened up his senses and listened closely .
tr	NNS	It had tooth marks .
tr	NNS	We don 't have the numbers or resources to drive off an attack right now . "
tr	NNS	And I don 't mean brownies Jess !
tr	NN	I fought back the urge to roll my eyes as I wiped away my tears .
tr	NN	Ryan rubbed the condensation on his glass with his thumb .
tr	NNS	He set the items she requested down on the counter .
tr	NNS	The wooden structure contained four turrets and had a metal gate at the front .
tr	NNS	Thieves from all over the place would broadcast their wares on your List using the photo feature .
tr	NN	Sudden relief made her tired body tremble .
tr	NN	Avalon pushed the command at me and I realized my mistake .
tr	NN	Vampires might not need oxygen , but I couldn 't kiss like that without paying a price .
tr	NN	Doc drives the electric cart across the Feeder Level , with me riding behind him .
tr	NNS	She smiled encouragingly , and I took the blanket , not wanting her to touch me .
tr	NN	She watched his mouth twitch and he started to blink rapidly .
tr	NNS	" Well , Simone can 't do locator spells .
tr	NN	He shook the hilt furiously as the crowd began to disperse .
tr	NNS	He looks down at his hands , creases forming on his forehead .
tr	NN	She eyed the mare with suspicion .
tr	NNS	Around the side of the tower block , they had found the remains of the smashed window , and some baffled onlookers .
tr	NNS	As her wrists passed my face , I noticed raw rope burns around them .
tr	NNS	" I gave you forty bucks now tell me what she looks like . "
tr	NNS	Bathroom breaks and all .
tr	NNS	He finished off the dregs of his cold coffee , then drew his thumb and forefinger across his tired eyes .
tr	NNS	So she needs all sorts .
tr	NN	They made a rope swing that swung out over the bluff behind Shawn Hudson 's house .
tr	NNS	The storm was pouring buckets of water , but it was warm .
tr	NNS	She trailed her fingernails across his powerful shoulders and down his spine .
tr	NN	Stacy felt the blood drain from her face and she almost dropped the book .
tr	NN	Harkin took the measure of the available troops , and decided against approaching the target .
tr	NN	" Probably not , but I have the distinct impression that one of us suggested we sit down here so he could do just that . "
tr	NNS	I have several young patients at death 's door .
tr	NN	God had expected at least some protest when he expelled the two from the garden .
tr	NNS	" Four dollars . "
tr	NNS	Steadily she drew nearer to the tall Pagoda .
tr	NNS	It talks about all sorts of history , like the curse ... " Her voice trailed off and she stared down at the bed .
tr	NNS	" Then let the peasants through .
tr	NN	You clean a mean stall . "
tr	NNS	She looks at the crowd and then points to them .
tr	NN	He lifted his pencil and placed the point deliberately at the end .
tr	NNS	And the walls and roofs were missing huge chunks , replaced by shadows and debris .
tr	NNS	" I can buy supplies in bulk and save money that way , too .
tr	NN	Ahead , he could see a patch of light and the edge of what appeared to be the cave entrance .
tr	NN	Carlos pulled his notepad from his jacket pocket and started writing .
tr	NN	Sera appreciated the thought immensely , but was a little confused as well .
tr	NNS	At that moment a leviathan surfaced two hundred yards to the south , pushing a large swell toward him .
tr	NN	He brandished a revolver in his left hand .
tr	NN	Perhaps they 'd had some run-in with the law in the past .
tr	NN	I chose the latter . "
tr	NNS	This time they were taking no chances .
tr	NN	He pinched the release on the lever , cranked the bar up , and shouldered it in the opposite direction .
tr	NN	Nicole offered a truce .
tr	NNS	Mitch gave directions and watched the rearview mirror .
tr	NN	You can use your imagination with that .
tr	NN	Give me some credit .
tr	NN	" Bad timing . "
tr	NNS	I put my fangs to his throat .
tr	NNS	He smiled slyly and cracked his knuckles .
tr	NN	I don 't feel achy or feverish . '
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples to find some relief , but it wasn 't the kind of ache that could be cured that easily .
tr	NNS	" Well , after they ate the dinosaurs they deposited them . "
tr	NN	" But I took the battery out of cell -- MY HOUSE PHONE ! "
tr	NNS	" You burned the steaks . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't doubt his abilities .
tr	NN	Is there a pet involved , 'cause he isn 't paying the pet fee . "
tr	NNS	" They were still having babies . "
tr	NNS	So , I took my chances and shoved past everyone .
tr	NNS	" How do they brand the cattle ? "
tr	NNS	He took the pages with a frown .
tr	NN	Bod heard the howling again : now it came from their right .
tr	NN	I could see the valley below , and it looked two hundred feet down .
tr	NN	" You placed compulsion ; I know that , now .
tr	NNS	As her mother reassessed Alec , Eve could practically see the wheels turning in her head .
tr	NNS	The towel rubbed her inner thighs raw .
tr	NN	" We have a mutual respect for one another , though , and that 's more than a lot of married couples can say .
tr	NNS	" Damn , you 've got balls . "
tr	NNS	He 'd gathered the vegetables from the refrigerator and spread them out further down the counter .
tr	NN	He absentmindedly twists a strand of my hair around his finger .
tr	NN	He held the handful of breakfast out to the old dog .
tr	NNS	As she spoke , Amanda fingered her wineglass with her free hand , rotating the glass in circles .
tr	NN	" Just me , your lordship , " said the watchman cheerfully .
tr	NNS	" Does she have powers ? "
tr	NN	The guard lifted her visor .
tr	NN	I touched the quilt you had wrought for her .
tr	NN	Opening the door , Albert smelled the strong fragrance of coffee .
tr	NN	" Yes , I will , " Gideon promised , pacing toward the large window that overlooked the street .
tr	NNS	If only someone half as hot as Luca would walk into my life ... With a sigh , I tuck the final bits of greenery into place .
tr	NNS	Once inside the bed chamber , he lit candles and ran a hot bath in the huge sunken marble tub .
tr	NNS	You have all signed your contracts on secrecy , and hopefully you have enough interest in our project to keep it secret .
tr	NNS	It cracked his ribs and lifted him off his feet .
tr	NN	He is considered an efficient Chairman who works hard and gets results . "
tr	NNS	No matter your actions .
tr	NNS	And as the mist became heavier , as if mirroring the cloud of doom fast descending over his team , they fell back another three points .
tr	NN	His hands ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	Most of the people I lived with had big mouths .
tr	NN	Now I could see the fright beneath the defiance .
tr	NNS	Blue rooftop pools and green terrace gardens marked the apartments of the wealthy .
tr	NN	" What the fuck are you talking about ? "
tr	NNS	Closing her eyes , she summoned her powers and tried to make herself a tiger .
tr	NNS	He pats his pockets , feeling for his cell phone , but it must have been lost at the hotel penthouse .
tr	NN	We throw the net over Neely , and he brings in his dozen staunch followers , wrenching them away from Gladstone .
tr	NNS	The police had several leads but couldn 't comment on them at this time .
tr	NN	" She didn 't mean any harm . "
tr	NN	I never saw such a sloppy operation . "
tr	NNS	Alice could feel the hairs on the back of her neck pricking in a long , static line .
tr	NNS	Had you been working in the background , he had no issues .
tr	NNS	She heard initially the birds calling in the distance .
tr	NNS	She had no expectations of a serious relationship .
tr	NNS	He and Allan transferred the supplies they deemed most necessary into Allan 's smaller pack which Stave then hoisted onto his own back .
tr	NN	She was probably just using the funding crisis as an excuse to stay late every night .
tr	NN	Seth picked up a pen and wrote down an address on one of my new business cards .
tr	NNS	I really appreciate your efforts .
tr	NNS	Holt took off his sandals too and we placed them on the bottom step and wandered closer to the water 's edge .
tr	NN	She smelled only the sweetness of the clouds and the drift of baby powder .
tr	NN	" Shut the fuck up ! "
tr	NNS	I avoided dances during sophomore year .
tr	NN	In a second he landed smack dab in the middle of the little bed .
tr	NNS	I scanned the boards nervously , searching for my name .
tr	NN	Then , at the corner opposite him , he spotted a diner .
tr	NN	" I call it poetic justice that she can save everyone , but herself .
tr	NN	Instead , her fingers tapped the throne with either boredom or impatience , a rolling but off-key melody .
tr	NN	" What the fuck are you doing ? "
tr	NN	He tapped his temple with an index finger .
tr	NNS	I walked a few paces from the diner .
tr	NNS	He pulled plastic frames from molds and set them on conveyor belts for fourteen hours .
tr	NN	The next order of events was tossing the bouquet and Mandi smiled as she looked at all the eager faces there , hoping they 'd get it .
tr	NN	Because her parents had rarely discussed the inheritance .
tr	NN	She 'd very likely leave a puddle of desire on the seat if she didn 't stop him .
tr	NN	" And what actors would you see playing the roles of Renzo and Lucia instead ? "
tr	NNS	Instead , I studied the houses as I walked .
tr	NNS	Leo hovered over him , his hands floating inches above his face .
tr	NNS	The nameless would breath their last breaths to know who he was .
tr	NN	I should have foreseen this possibility .
tr	NN	" Why not use the alarm clock on your new phone ? "
tr	NNS	I leaned towards her our lips inches away from each other .
tr	NNS	" He must have been sampling his own wares . "
tr	NN	I tossed a pillow at her head and she ducked , laughing .
tr	NN	" But I have an e-mail from him and I 'll bet he 's planning on coming for Parents Day . "
tr	NN	She 'll have the whole neighborhood awake .
tr	NNS	In the glow from the outside tarmac lights he caught three forms sitting in the leather seats .
tr	NNS	" Well , what you want to know about originally involved five patients . "
tr	NN	She spotted the row of tarot card readers ahead of them .
tr	NN	He brushed a dark curl from her mouth .
tr	NNS	Lieutenant Mack also sealed off the other two access points .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples , feeling a headache forming .
tr	NN	Time had no meaning in subspace .
tr	NNS	We hadn 't compared finances yet .
tr	NN	" Very good , you get an A plus . "
tr	NN	Will pulled back the cloth .
tr	NN	I cracked my knuckles .
tr	NNS	Then she forgot any doubts , for he was running his thumb along her crease .
tr	NNS	And look how still they stood , watching him , his witches .
tr	NNS	He made soft noises , pulling me closer again , careful of my back .
tr	NN	We head down the main highway for what feels like a good stretch of eternity .
tr	NN	I add another bouquet , this time leaving forget-me-nots .
tr	NN	When she was sure he was gone , she grabbed the file that listed her own name .
tr	NNS	" I could pay the ten dollars now to anyone who will go with Stevenson to find these men .
tr	NNS	Aiden is setting up a few chairs , like we 're formally dining .
tr	NNS	I flipped a few pages .
tr	NN	I could never shoulder that much responsibility .
tr	NN	But all rituals , even mourning ceremonies , carried the element of a party .
tr	NN	I walked barefoot along the beach , scouring the sand for shells .
tr	NNS	Donna resisted Miss Hilary 's attempts to drag her away .
tr	NN	Similarly , Karen Ross , despite her youthful cheerleader beauty and soft , seductive Texas accent , possessed great intelligence and a deep inner toughness .
tr	NN	With the rain falling , she would not expose the artifact for longer than a minute .
tr	NN	Julie 's laugh held little humor .
tr	NNS	We had a different priorities .
tr	NN	She had the urge to apologize to Johnnie but she could see it in his eyes ... he needed this as much as she did .
tr	NNS	I 've heard some complaints from the art department .
tr	NN	She gave me an encouraging pat on my sequined ass as I staggered on high heels into the bombed-out Borders to find Dolly .
tr	NNS	On the ride back to Amarillo I planned my activities for the following week .
tr	NNS	We come upon some buildings , and cruise through an intersection where I see a couple of men pulling an old Ford truck onto a flat bed .
tr	NNS	" You have avoided complications caused by family . "
tr	NNS	And nobody chases down scientists , at least not in my thirty years on the force . "
tr	NN	And he knew this castle .
tr	NNS	My table needed extra napkins and another needed refills on their coffee .
tr	NNS	He examined his fingernails casually , as though the gesture might somehow translate through the airwaves .
tr	NN	I asked reception , and they 've got a whole box of them .
tr	NNS	Stunned by the vision , I suddenly felt dizzy , lost my balance and stumbled .
tr	NN	A shiver of apprehension rippled up her spine .
tr	NN	You will ascend the throne , and you will reign beside me .
tr	NNS	He whipped the reins and the horse moved off with a slow gait .
tr	NNS	I 'm negotiating several offers for some others , but none of them are nearly as valuable . "
tr	NNS	Maybe Marjory had directions for her .
tr	NNS	" I don 't do one-night time frames . "
tr	NNS	The cattle had followed their noses to untrammeled spring grass , leaving the haystack behind .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of the sun as it was setting beyond the horizon amazingly .
tr	NNS	Sleeps all day so he can sell drugs all night .
tr	NNS	Superman and Lois Lane , eat your hearts out .
tr	NN	Neil resisted the urge to wink at them .
tr	NNS	he confirmed my obvious suspicions .
tr	NNS	Not many places treated Shifters , and ones that did were quickly deserted by their human clientele .
tr	NNS	Then if he started dying of thirst , he could always risk waterborne bacteria in order to preserve his life .
tr	NNS	We have spent some serious bucks to guarantee it .
tr	NN	They can see the Comms pod as it now tumbles down the tunnel , getting smaller by the second .
tr	NNS	Just to protect yourselves ?
tr	NNS	" Two hundred thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	She gave the clubs advertising and a stamp of approval , they gave her embarrassing sums of money , just for showing up and dancing . "
tr	NNS	It heightened my senses .
tr	NN	It takes the poisonous snake in one swoop thankfully away from us and drops the malignant animal at the other end of the swamp .
tr	NN	He turned off the ignition and we got out of the car .
tr	NNS	Atop the roof a dozen guards tossed spears at the grass behind her .
tr	NN	I quite liked the Egyptian bum .
tr	NN	It even has a drawbridge , because you never know when your prep school might be attacked by the Saxons .
tr	NNS	Or just your technical skills ? "
tr	NNS	" They have some extra houses and workspaces that they lend out to artists and writers and photographers . "
tr	NNS	She could do wonders with watercolours !
tr	NNS	" She and I share similar interests there .
tr	NNS	They brushed aside a few layers of spider webs .
tr	NNS	They had three knives in their pockets that I could use if I was fast enough .
tr	NNS	Paddy extinguished the fires once more , a smile growing on his face .
tr	NN	He placed the stereotactic frame - the " hat " - over the head , and screwed it down securely .
tr	NNS	Ever since Mom left us , I 've cooked his meals .
tr	NN	A little shiver ran down Sally 's spine .
tr	NN	I knew only one meaning of his word and I didn 't understand the reference to a rock .
tr	NNS	We have sausages , hot dogs , hamburgers , steaks , pork tenderloin ... We have a lot of food . "
tr	NN	Sure enough , by cutting through two hallways in the back , they found a narrow , rickety stairwell leading up into darkness .
tr	NNS	" You 'll make adjustments . "
tr	NNS	They would not take any chances of Ray coming back to finish the job .
tr	NNS	In a way , James and I have been abandoned too , our former selves boarded up and locked away while the world moves on around us .
tr	NN	" Once your name was brought into it , we followed a hunch . "
tr	NNS	You 've always encouraged your sisters to follow my direction and my vision for the ranch .
tr	NNS	Did he still suffer the painful repercussions of prolonged use ?
tr	NN	David grabbed the pencil and the notebook , and the paper away from her , ignoring the irritated expression of impatience on her face .
tr	NNS	I have heard tales of such events , but never thought to attend one . "
tr	NN	Ethan offered a small backpack to Pilcher .
tr	NN	Tom gave her a quick lesson on shore , then held the edge of the boat while she stepped in .
tr	NN	" People catch HIV and hepatitis from those places !
tr	NN	He gave her a short lesson on how to two-step off to the side of the other dancers .
tr	NNS	Amy loved trips , and regarded them as special treats .
tr	NN	I won 't tell anybody , though .
tr	NNS	Sea shells and clear crystals and gemstones line wooden shelves .
tr	NN	Patrick gave a shrug but shook his head .
tr	NNS	Finally he took out the compass , and there was a feeling of increased focus from around them .
tr	NNS	The man in black shuffled the cards with flying , merging rapidity .
tr	NNS	He sensed the first small contractions sweeping through her lower body .
tr	NNS	I haven 't learned these runes yet !
tr	NN	I started pacing again .
tr	NNS	But it drained his powers instantly .
tr	NNS	Just salvage supplies , kill zombies , and expand our walls further out into the city .
tr	NN	" I need more proof than missing tourists during Marie 's absence .
tr	NNS	I could feel both pairs of eyes glaring at me .
tr	NNS	Someone must be playing tricks on him .
tr	NNS	All those years in the Dead Worlds , she had been honing her skills -- a blade being sharpened to a razors edge .
tr	NNS	The mythological vampires have fangs and feed off the living .
tr	NN	A few days earlier , Valerie would 've rejected that possibility , adamantly claiming their father wasn 't going to die .
tr	NNS	To his astonishment he sees long dark oil clouds floating toward the city .
tr	NN	" Yes , just a far less evolved version . "
tr	NNS	With it went Balthazar 's ties to the human world .
tr	NN	I will show you my prized collection . "
tr	NNS	Then they nodded guarded greetings and turned back to their pint glasses .
tr	NN	Then I adjust my backpack and climb up inside the jet 's exhaust nozzle .
tr	NN	He withdrew the brass letter opener from the drawer and sliced through the top flap with its dull blade .
tr	NNS	He pats his pockets .
tr	NN	So needless to say vinegar and baking soda does not make slime .
tr	NNS	Some wore filthy military uniforms .
tr	NN	So why did she now feel an overwhelming urge to claw the silly bitch 's eyes out ?
tr	NNS	" Would you share the basics with me before I agree to it ? "
tr	NNS	' Giant robotic bats ? '
tr	NNS	How , then , could they have studied his abilities ?
tr	NNS	A ring of stones , surrounding the charred remains of someone 's campfire .
tr	NNS	All of a sudden they were standing chest to chest , their faces only inches apart , and Bree 's breath hitched again .
tr	NN	Did my manager just call me a man whore ?
tr	NN	" Because Margaret just sold her condo . "
tr	NN	I 'll get pizza .
tr	NNS	She could hear the footfalls from the wolves .
tr	NN	Turning away , he opened the fridge and pulled out the produce he 'd chosen to make a salad with .
tr	NN	Sofia felt the urge to ask him more , especially of one thing .
tr	NNS	" Don 't do that , " I say breathless .
tr	NNS	He had the servants well trained .
tr	NN	Buddy felt his body throbbing with his long delayed desire .
tr	NNS	I have other interests like expanding my political party . "
tr	NNS	Back in that camp , they were sitting ducks for the attacking gorillas .
tr	NN	Even though we will continue on our present course , prudence dictates caution .
tr	NN	Without moving his lips , he offered a small prayer .
tr	NNS	" No rude comments , " Alex explained , " no whispers , no stares or bumping you around . "
tr	NN	Alexia had also given this due consideration over her tea and toast .
tr	NNS	Declan had served two tours with the Air Force .
tr	NNS	I could hear murmurs , see nods .
tr	NNS	We bought gummy bears , gummy worms , gummy rings , gummy spiders and gummy fruit in all varieties .
tr	NNS	Ethan smiled slyly and extended an arm toward me .
tr	NN	Eli could feel her tension shudder through his mind , kicking his own adrenal glands into overdrive .
tr	NNS	I raised the blinds around the window seat to get as much light as possible , took out my tools , and began .
tr	NNS	" You have connections ? "
tr	NNS	I have the schematics in the computer , so nothing was a surprise .
tr	NN	You don 't have the imagination for it " It was kind of a compliment veiled in an insult .
tr	NN	Turn the ignition over and I 've got you . "
tr	NNS	Some will get powers , but even then it 's later on .
tr	NN	" Ouch , " a girl about at Chase 's age let out a groan .
tr	NNS	" Maybe Aaron 's got issues , but he 's not the one who attacked Addy . "
tr	NNS	I followed several paces behind Nick and stopped to kick my shoes off at the door .
tr	NNS	Zander stares at his feet , not answering .
tr	NNS	He leaves the buckets and we run .
tr	NN	His Barbie collection . "
tr	NN	He recognized only a handful of the riders , and half of the rest struck him as barely old enough to drive .
tr	NNS	Father Simon certainly had had his shortcomings and vanities , but we all agreed that he made his best in providing us both with a good education .
tr	NNS	We all have our own talents you know . "
tr	NN	She grabbed the receiver before it went to voice mail .
tr	NN	His hand grasped the hilt and he made a few cuts in the air .
tr	NN	I just sent you an email !
tr	NNS	That raised all sorts of alarm bells within me , although I should have known it would happen sooner or later .
tr	NNS	Do you accept our terms of friendship and trust under oath to the one god YAHWEH ?
tr	NNS	This room has two upholstered chairs , a tapestry depicting a tree with white leaves , and a doorway that must lead to a bedchamber .
tr	NN	Meryl can 't believe medical technology like this exists .
tr	NN	Ted aimed his rifle .
tr	NN	She wanted the release to hit .
tr	NN	She has cancer . "
tr	NN	Beside me , I could feel Alex stiffen , but he didn 't move away .
tr	NN	If Stanza Nine ever attracts any tourists , we 'll all make a fortune selling Ghost junk , but until then , it 's practically worthless .
tr	NNS	I loaded the batteries and one of the tiny cassettes , and did a quick test recording .
tr	NNS	You crack stupid jokes while I do all the work . "
tr	NN	It had a lace bodice surrounding my chest and led to a mock turtleneck .
tr	NN	Her glasses overpower her small frame .
tr	NN	Claire hoisted her backpack and went out to try something else that might get her in to see Shane .
tr	NNS	He watched Grandad Simeon 's attempts to smile at stories lovingly told about Elspeth .
tr	NNS	Soon , temples sheathed in perspiration , you use the outfit 's thick paper napkins to wipe it off .
tr	NN	Normally when someone was around her all the time , she got irritable with them .
tr	NN	That would snap Maurice 's sanity .
tr	NNS	He actually kind of liked the currents .
tr	NN	Aquarius opened a new video cassette tape from the storage bin and placed it in the VCR .
tr	NN	About an hour later , she was finally done vomiting .
tr	NN	Derek found an upscale nightclub in the nearest city .
tr	NNS	Between him and Terry , they had cut the enemy 's numbers in half , but by this point the distance separating them was negligible .
tr	NNS	You will be returning those coins . "
tr	NN	I 'd bring the whole neighborhood in to see us standing side-by-side .
tr	NNS	" Of sorts . "
tr	NNS	Elle felt the hairs on the back of her neck rise and she shivered .
tr	NNS	Ms. Moretti definitely has her suspicions , but we canvassed the yard and there wasn 't anyone lurking around .
tr	NNS	Margaret had created the fears Hastings tried to still , suggesting Richard would kill her sons , her brother , and take the Crown for himself .
tr	NN	He was handing her a hot chocolate he 'd prepared himself .
tr	NN	I have a proposition . '
tr	NN	" I took the Staten Island Ferry , " she said quickly , " and I slipped on board as it passed through your ship . "
tr	NNS	" You have your conditions .
tr	NNS	Daddy found this humorous , but didn 't laugh .
tr	NN	No one knew the meaning of pain until they had lived my life .
tr	NN	With deft hands , he slowly unbuttoned her blouse , giving his hands better access to her soft , beautiful skin .
tr	NNS	" They didn 't have any meat pies . "
tr	NNS	I can see the fires of the encampment .
tr	NN	It has the best steak and ribs in the country . "
tr	NNS	Frances doubted her aunt 's sentiments , particularly her comments about Riverview .
tr	NN	They remember his talent with writing and lament that he should have come to such an end .
tr	NNS	" I trust your abilities . "
tr	NNS	Auron asked the dragon gods .
tr	NNS	" So you question his motives .
tr	NN	" Did you say golden dragon ? "
tr	NN	" I met the old devil the day before yesterday . "
tr	NNS	" And I won 't take any stupid chances .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her palms along her thighs in agitation .
tr	NNS	Through an open doorway he saw two figures , very like the figures of the twins on the quilt .
tr	NNS	Louise finished the arrangements for the car and ran the van 's registration number through the computer .
tr	NNS	Her dress peeled off her swollen breasts under its own weight , sighing in a rustling mass around her ankles .
tr	NNS	We 've not yet cleared the corridors .
tr	NN	Alonso pulled out a sports timer and started it .
tr	NN	The other worker was driving a medium size bulldozer with a front-end loader .
tr	NNS	The sudden screaming silenced the doctor 's objections .
tr	NNS	* Upon his return to the mansion , Edward directed the servants to clear the nursery of everything Osage .
tr	NNS	A toad sat twelve inches from the dark water , surrounded by open mud .
tr	NNS	The weapons carried intricate designs along the blades , and elvish letters were etched in the steel .
tr	NN	Mr. Stott rubbed his beard .
tr	NNS	The spaceman scans his surroundings and then locks onto me again .
tr	NNS	Second , unlike you , I have sisters .
tr	NNS	" The boy has powers beyond what you can imagine .
tr	NN	Knowing the source of his resentment gave little solace .
tr	NN	Hanna fought the urge to roll her eyes .
tr	NNS	I waited two beats , then followed .
tr	NNS	At conception I took some atoms from my father and added them to those of my mother .
tr	NN	" We both have a version of the hand of blood .
tr	NN	He did have a duty to perform after all .
tr	NN	He wore a long white gown with voluminous sleeves , pinched in at the wrists .
tr	NN	Since they were alone in the room , he accepted her affection but he didn 't like it when others might see him .
tr	NNS	" Even a prophet has desires . "
tr	NN	We 're forming a negotiating committee .
tr	NNS	I 've baked your favorite pies and I 'm making your favorite turkey with yams . "
tr	NNS	Not to mention all the stares and snickers at school when word got around that Rigel had dumped me .
tr	NNS	you taken any antibiotics in the last two months ?
tr	NNS	Or giving us magical items ?
tr	NN	The hunter gave out a whoop of satisfaction and returned to the car .
tr	NNS	" From their pockets to mine and into yours .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon .
tr	NNS	The motion sends several photographs fanning out of the envelope and onto the table .
tr	NN	After we settled in , he walked the estate over the next two days , and I showed him the inheritance .
tr	NNS	A skilled fighter pilot , operating a small maneuverable ship could , however , evade these shots for quite a while .
tr	NNS	We had families to worry about . "
tr	NNS	" You offered me funds : I accepted them .
tr	NNS	He turned a few more pages , and the ink changed from black to a dark brown .
tr	NNS	I always got great scores in my tests . "
tr	NN	Croc straightened the basket of peanuts and wiped the counter , although it was clean .
tr	NNS	" You have very good instincts , Olivia . "
tr	NNS	He studied the reports prepared for him and evaluated for the umpteenth time the various security measures being implemented .
tr	NNS	" I 'll pay you a hundred thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	" Production facilities , mostly . "
tr	NNS	I had thought at my age , I would be hitting the night clubs hard , or maybe married to a model .
tr	NNS	The pain in the cry roiled her senses .
tr	NN	She just replaced the receiver and turned her head to see sweet little Ethan on the floor .
tr	NNS	The account needed two passwords before the money could be transferred .
tr	NN	I suddenly had the impression that this was a new Riley .
tr	NN	He let out a snort and bowed his head .
tr	NN	The Professor had a senile golden retriever named Shaggy that , however much she seemed to discourage it , took quite a liking to Ms. Atwood .
tr	NNS	Especially married gentlemen . "
tr	NNS	Mrs. Hargrove has carefully orchestrated all our press opportunities , and so far , I haven 't been an object of attention unless I 'm with Fred .
tr	NNS	It has also storage facilities for foods and fresh water .
tr	NNS	Valeria made quotation marks with her hands as she said the name .
tr	NNS	" Meara doesn 't like Ferris wheels . "
tr	NN	How could a pirate have a dimple ?
tr	NNS	" Oh my gods , Renna . "
tr	NN	" You must have quiet the imagination , but I do think that suits would look better on me . "
tr	NN	Nick typically writes realist poetry and fiction but is currently looking to explore the fantasy genre .
tr	NNS	" Nasty ones using live subjects .
tr	NNS	" We have divided up all the franchise planets for exploration .
tr	NNS	She cut two thick slabs of fresh bread , piled cold beef between them , and set it before him , an unspoken apology .
tr	NNS	Throwing herself wearily down on the little iron cot , she slid off her sandals .
tr	NN	He gave a careless shrug .
tr	NNS	Eagle heads , wings , lions ' bodies , long tails , curved beaks , sharp talons .
tr	NN	He grabbed a towel , and I felt pressure on my stomach .
tr	NNS	As I downed my scotch , I heard Alexis from behind .
tr	NN	" But you needed a little softening around the edges .
tr	NN	He slammed the scroll on the table and rolled it open .
tr	NN	" It doesn 't need a cell tower . "
tr	NN	Maybe you could give me some advice on how to handle it . "
tr	NNS	We only had about 20 yards left before it would slope gradually to the end .
tr	NN	If not , he 'd send her packing .
tr	NNS	Cooper gave two quick tugs to the chain .
tr	NN	" Can I borrow someone 's pen ? "
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods for small ... . "
tr	NNS	Reluctantly , Sable withdrew her fangs , lapping at the tiny punctures with her tongue to seal them .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to hold her to him , to trap her against his body so she couldn 't leave .
tr	NNS	Do you have any leads ?
tr	NN	Uncomfortable though the chair was , he could feel his limbs sag with relief .
tr	NN	In fact , he got the impression that she enjoyed his company nearly as much as he enjoyed hers .
tr	NNS	He left two bucks on the table and they walked to the dark rear of the truck stop .
tr	NNS	She writes paranormal romance novels , most notably about vampires .
tr	NNS	It wasn 't actively pursuing cattle , but it had moved in too close , in her estimation .
tr	NNS	You 'll only weaken my defenses .
tr	NNS	Shipping companies alone would pay millions of credits for better longevity in their jumpers .
tr	NN	Jeff , her driver , lowered the partition on the way to Stephan 's penthouse .
tr	NNS	She clenched her thighs , trying to suppress the desire that had suddenly taken her .
tr	NN	" I left my pager in my locker .
tr	NN	I 'm calling my lawyer . "
tr	NNS	I pushed her tits together , then loudly sucked my way from one to the other .
tr	NN	When he finally arrived , he pulled out a pistol and shot off the lock without hesitation .
tr	NNS	" You 've killed eleven of my witches in cold blood . "
tr	NN	Remember your duty to her and all will be well .
tr	NNS	' You already have connections .
tr	NN	I shot a glare at him , warning him to back off my girl .
tr	NN	He dropped his briefcase on the floor , watching as her startled gaze flew to his .
tr	NN	The nipple crowning it was flushed dark rose , a tantalizing contrast to her creamy skin .
tr	NN	She put the CD back in its case and made a notation on a notebook sitting next to the player before answering him .
tr	NNS	Together , they followed the two black-clad priests toward the twin arches of the church 's entrance .
tr	NNS	Ahead , I saw two figures .
tr	NN	Eventually I found an old newspaper article that said you were helping out here .
tr	NN	" I saw a snake . "
tr	NNS	But after having observed the scientist 's state of mind he could imagine all possible measures .
tr	NNS	She kept the trays full of folded meat and cubed cheese .
tr	NN	Over the next half hour he laid out his proposal while Anya pinched herself to make sure she wasn 't dreaming .
tr	NN	When all of the bags were emptied , she took up a small , black dagger and cut herself across the palm of one hand .
tr	NNS	Lane and his guys are out scouting hospitals , looking for either Knight or Hobart .
tr	NNS	Her oldest daughter , who is loving but challenges her daily , has both moderate physical and mental delays .
tr	NNS	" Empty your pockets .
tr	NN	" You just have a stomach ache .
tr	NN	Billie felt the urge to turn around and stick her tongue out at them , but decided it was too childish even for her .
tr	NN	The weight suspended from it slid down his belly where his shirt was tucked into his jeans .
tr	NNS	In 546 BC , the Achaemenid Persians defeated the local powers and gained control of the region .
tr	NN	One continued the denial .
tr	NN	I don 't need your pity .
tr	NNS	Sometimes I help other members with their exercises when I have the time . "
tr	NN	He called the waiter over and proceeded to order for me .
tr	NN	You can mess with anyone but not a clerk at a government office and Doggie learnt this lesson the hard way . "
tr	NNS	" We 're just testing each other 's defenses . "
tr	NNS	He counted eight pats , but he had lost his momentum .
tr	NNS	It didn 't make the cravings for her kiss , for her touch , go away .
tr	NNS	I have always received treasures from you .
tr	NNS	The Striker leaves victims without a mark on their body .
tr	NN	He rubs the back of his neck tensely as he walks over to me .
tr	NNS	Instantly , the smell of tomato soup and garlic assaulted my senses .
tr	NNS	" But ... " He could almost see the wheels turning in her brain .
tr	NN	She opened the closet and grabbed a camera to complete the ensemble .
tr	NN	He gave an elegant shrug .
tr	NNS	She 'd heard the excuses before , those and a dozen more .
tr	NN	The copy machine began spitting out copies of the document .
tr	NNS	Did you find Marlboro butts in their attics , too ? "
tr	NN	" Noah loved that duck . "
tr	NNS	That should effectively lower your expectations . "
tr	NN	" I have faith . "
tr	NN	I wiggle my butt against his crotch .
tr	NNS	He took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	My legs almost hit the couple loitering near the entrance .
tr	NN	She could not imagine a universe , no matter how many dimensions there were , without a Damon in it .
tr	NNS	He 'd earned a thousand other punishments just like this one , but he 'd always recovered .
tr	NN	Together they rolled in the dirt and ashes of the ruin , the man narrowly escaping a fatal blow as her sword bounced off his chest armour .
tr	NNS	Marcus entered the offices of Lord Eldridge just before ten in the evening .
tr	NNS	He 's got issues of his own .
tr	NNS	I could almost hear the ghosts of memories floating around down there , rejoicing in what was now lost to the world .
tr	NNS	Stopping where grasses started growing green again , Tanka ate fresh grasses , catching his own prey .
tr	NN	The grim look on his face sent a ripple of chills over Grace .
tr	NNS	We have several statues in Aquarius . "
tr	NN	A wonderful opportunity to show justice and mercy .
tr	NN	" Oh crap ! "
tr	NNS	Cagney had babies ! "
tr	NN	" He 's losing an argument , so he takes off . "
tr	NNS	She 's giving me three weekends a month , and every other week in the summer .
tr	NN	Reaching around the hound 's neck , I gave it a quick snap before tossing it to the side .
tr	NN	Or dribbled a basketball in the ballroom with its gilded ceiling ?
tr	NNS	This one had particularly good defenses .
tr	NNS	No doubt it would tease more lustful desires , and she might not feel strong enough to resist them .
tr	NNS	I 'll shift the engines into high .
tr	NN	The breeze lifted a strand of her hair , whipping it over his cheek .
tr	NN	Dryden held the document out in front of him at arm 's length , a smug grin across his face .
tr	NNS	Why didn 't mom tear out those horrendous carpets ?
tr	NNS	Theo thanked Mr Wells too , who responded with " No problem boys , enjoy yourselves and be careful . "
tr	NNS	Without even being present , he triggered responses I couldn 't quell , and that infuriated me .
tr	NN	We take the first trench and hold it until sundown . "
tr	NNS	He heard noises and voices , but he didn 't know what was happening .
tr	NNS	Even if the shots are warning shots .
tr	NN	She twisted the cap off the third and plopped heavily into the chair as she tipped it to her mouth .
tr	NNS	He was breathing hard , body tense in expectation of Julian getting up again .
tr	NN	Ryan picked up his backpack and slung it over a shoulder .
tr	NN	He squeezed her thigh and then released her .
tr	NNS	" I love the whiteness , openness , coldness , and crispness of fresh air .
tr	NNS	Her mother cleaned up the dishes from dinner while Katherine unpacked .
tr	NNS	" Do not take chances .
tr	NN	We only need one witch . "
tr	NN	I shudder out a moan before he even touches me .
tr	NNS	He kicked off his boxers , and stepped into the tub .
tr	NNS	Alexandra had arranged their provisions and four stout mountain ponies .
tr	NN	They arrived by the picnic tables at the same time Santa Butch pulled the reindeer wagon to a stop nearby .
tr	NN	You own all the treasure on the earth .
tr	NNS	I could almost see the wheels turning in his head , calculating the exact moment when the joke had played out and we needed to move on .
tr	NNS	The jogging suit did look new , it had the creases in the sleeves and legs from being folded .
tr	NNS	But in the summer that followed , she had eaten an hourglass .
tr	NN	" Scholar , we have a very important task for you . "
tr	NN	Up on the surface , he could already picture a worried Brett pacing nervously on the boat .
tr	NNS	After three trips he had all the cracker bits in a pile beside his bed .
tr	NNS	The sparks and flashes stop and Mr Prentiss Jr twitches in the mud .
tr	NN	But I have no proof .
tr	NN	Her hair was escaping the clip which held it back and blowing around her face in a misty cloud .
tr	NN	You have a certain well-deserved reputation .
tr	NNS	A chill of certainty iced Judson 's senses .
tr	NN	" A coronet has that effect on women .
tr	NNS	I threw the covers back and grabbed my robe on the way out of my room .
tr	NNS	When Luis was naked , he kicked off his briefs and stretched his arms all the up in the air .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers up over them and fell asleep feeling better than he ever had in his life .
tr	NN	Once Allie , Nick , and Lief were out of sight , Vari gave Skully a single cherry jelly bean .
tr	NNS	Except for the last time , we 'd never checked his shipments , and my counting the bales was shoving it in his face .
tr	NN	Doubts filled my consciousness .
tr	NNS	" I use old-fashioned oats instead of the quick kind , which is what the original recipe called for .
tr	NNS	I stop and place both palms against the stone .
tr	NN	She would put her faith in him , so as to let his flow to her .
tr	NN	" In that case , why don 't you return the favor by joining us in a retaliatory strike ?
tr	NN	She pulled her white uniform together and buttoned it with slender fingers .
tr	NN	He 's doing an article on paranormal phenomena . "
tr	NN	I notice his reluctance at first , but then he hugs her back and his tears flow .
tr	NN	He clenched his jaw , fists tightening .
tr	NN	He mistook my rapid heart rate and ragged breath for elevator anxiety .
tr	NN	That required a code .
tr	NN	Luckily , I 'd slipped a camisole on before heading out to work , but I had nothing to replace the tweed slacks .
tr	NN	The crime should really match the punishment .
tr	NNS	First , I examined the mattress , not that I expected much .
tr	NNS	' We can 't feed our dogs , so our hunting fails .
tr	NN	She timed this speech to end just as she closed the space between us .
tr	NNS	Overhead an elaborate web of ropes and pulleys shuffled weighty wooden crates from shore to ship .
tr	NNS	For an hour or so , Jason had played cards holding Ryan on his lap , while Rich held a squirming Ronnie .
tr	NNS	It enhanced your psychic senses , too ? "
tr	NNS	Not only will you deprive millions of her fans of new music but you 'll deprive yourself . "
tr	NNS	Not many girls have lost two fathers before they were even born . '
tr	NNS	Quickly I dismantled the anchors holding me to the mountain and started my way across the rock and snowy cliff .
tr	NN	Realizing she intends to make the fight much more up close and personal , Zelda abandons her current element for a different sort of magic .
tr	NN	She swallowed a knot of pain and it fell like a lump of dough in her stomach .
tr	NNS	Times Square sent its glow into the air , blocks before it actually began , and I walked heavily into the light .
tr	NN	Rico picked up his pen and leaned back in his chair .
tr	NN	I attributed the first incident to being in the wrong place at the wrong time , but the second one was no coincidence .
tr	NN	They can 't offer you protection anymore .
tr	NNS	" Thirty-three thousand , six hundred and fifty two dollars ? "
tr	NNS	They also fear the dangers of mines that were laid on strategic locations .
tr	NNS	I have no special talents , skills , or knowledge I 'm aware of .
tr	NNS	She inhaled the myriad scents of the flowers around her .
tr	NN	It 's like putting a pistol to your head and pulling the trigger .
tr	NNS	Every man , woman and child sharpened their blades with great zeal , as the forges of blacksmiths burned bright in preparation for battle .
tr	NN	' You prefer a black-haired witch who was more than willing to fall into bed with you the first chance she was handed ! '
tr	NNS	Michael and I take the shots , add a few more , and get rather inebriated as we play darts .
tr	NNS	He had made the right , though unconvincing , noises as the doctor had followed the stretcher bearers into the mine 's basic medical facility .
tr	NNS	" From those islands over there . "
tr	NN	Get this SNAFU sorted .
tr	NN	I felt the color drain from my face .
tr	NNS	It would have washed his tire tracks out of this grit .
tr	NNS	We can 't take any chances .
tr	NNS	I hung two ornate stockings on the mantle and a beautiful wreath on the door .
tr	NN	He let out a little groan in the back of his throat and his body filled with desire .
tr	NNS	Once again the smell of the chai overwhelmed his senses and as he dried off he suddenly felt the pangs of homesickness .
tr	NN	She prepared her speech already so she needed to deliver it confidently .
tr	NNS	A dark , earthy perfume of freshly cut flowers , potted plants and decaying foliage assailed her senses .
tr	NN	He has a drawer full of tickets and when he was a teenager , his parents took away his car twice , because he kept wrecking it .
tr	NNS	Jack had thrown into her face the remarks she had made once .
tr	NNS	What could have caused the tracking sensors to come back on-line ?
tr	NN	She didn 't appreciate his sardonic humor .
tr	NNS	The Romans raided the Christian villages and burnt Christians at stakes .
tr	NNS	You aren 't swamp dwellers . "
tr	NNS	I don 't use endearing terms with women .
tr	NNS	Just like in " Annie 's Song , " he filled up her senses .
tr	NNS	Will had accepted her conditions .
tr	NN	She smiled , a little giddy at the view .
tr	NN	- Never use the restroom next to the science lab .
tr	NNS	She could feel the warm waters of fear on her legs , but her eyes remained rooted upon the approaching figure .
tr	NN	Do not feel any sorrow for what has happened tonight .
tr	NNS	What troubles it must cause !
tr	NNS	He was receiving regular reports from the operatives who were leading the operation and so far the staff members were coming up clean .
tr	NN	He turned the knob and pushed , just in case , but the door was locked , as expected .
tr	NN	Singing as she spread the soap over her body , rinsing herself with the steaming water .
tr	NNS	* * * Sam picked Cass up at her house in Ricky 's Honda .
tr	NN	I wanted this ache that I 'd just felt start to heal , to heal for her too .
tr	NN	Determined to have more success , he carefully set the football back on its tee and lined himself up again .
tr	NN	My nerves were frayed , my patience gone .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't see any security cameras anywhere .
tr	NNS	I make biscuits and sausage gravy , and there 's coffee .
tr	NN	You 're putting a god at the center of your system that never existed .
tr	NN	Recent events have had little effect on Plutarch 's mood .
tr	NN	I don 't see anybody .
tr	NN	The sound of anyone 's voice set a rattle off in my head and made it more unbearable .
tr	NNS	I felt the coolness of some kind of liquid or ointment , but I didn 't turn to see .
tr	NNS	As we descended the steps , Kiran and Talbott took positions on either side of us .
tr	NN	However , Nolen carried a rare treasure to ensure his success .
tr	NNS	The idea of Elena touching him with her hungry gaze made her nauseous .
tr	NN	Something awakens , like a long dormant dragon .
tr	NN	Farrah entered the nightclub , scanning for any hint of betrayal .
tr	NNS	The waiter delivered heaping plates of pappardelle and rabbit , a rich meat sauce that looked and smelled divine .
tr	NN	Her world , and indeed that of her brother too , could only grasp a comprehension of the hate in life .
tr	NN	" You didn 't see his proposal coming ? "
tr	NNS	" Bought some sandals for myself and knew you 'd love them too ! "
tr	NNS	We need our wits about us . "
tr	NNS	She needed these wolves ... and their new alpha .
tr	NNS	If you find unique , fast developing problems emerging , where you can learn more , you can change your priorities and let me know . "
tr	NNS	He sighed , rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	Just like faking orgasms .
tr	NN	I made the announcement about Ellery 's pregnancy , and the whole room beamed with excitement .
tr	NN	And lose her independence ?
tr	NNS	He made the arrangements .
tr	NN	Please contact the editor at the above email address for further details .
tr	NN	Paul grabbed Julian 's shoe in both hands and tried to remove it .
tr	NNS	" He had pockets and tracking devices don 't necessarily have to be big to transmit a signal .
tr	NN	2001 , June 22 , 2001 , Tropic Bird is found derelict off Antigua .
tr	NN	' You blow good horn .
tr	NNS	He hardly recognized his own primitive reactions .
tr	NN	Show a little respect .
tr	NN	This gave her a very over protective complex where Xavier was concerned , which was understandable .
tr	NNS	Let 's keep our legal terms straight .
tr	NNS	Old dogs don 't learn new tricks .
tr	NN	As they ventured into the dark woods , the air grew hotter with each step , stinging with sulfur .
tr	NN	This time , Waldo didn 't restrain his glare .
tr	NNS	I have two sons .
tr	NN	What if the wrong giant takes the buffalo ?
tr	NNS	His father 's cruel ways sure worked wonders on their people .
tr	NNS	Trojan records go back centuries .
tr	NNS	" How many patients did you have in mind ? "
tr	NNS	Garrett would have our hides nailed to the barn wall . "
tr	NN	She put her notepad on top of the newspaper and made another note .
tr	NN	He 'd turned his baseball cap around so the bill faced backward .
tr	NN	My heart took a violent leap as he bent down and whispered into my ear , " Breathe , " which of course left me completely breathless .
tr	NN	" Every time you say something , I have the insatiable urge to sink my fingers into your ass and take you . "
tr	NNS	He even paid Brady five bucks to get him to call me into the room with them .
tr	NNS	Lord Marcus , Sadi 's man of business , also handled her investments and handled them well .
tr	NNS	I fixed all the issues over two months ago .
tr	NNS	Some had beaten their next partner to powder , some had sought beatings for themselves .
tr	NN	" So you can 't get snuck up on . "
tr	NN	" Thank you , honey . "
tr	NN	The Queen shrugged , a delicate twitch of her shoulders .
tr	NNS	The sun had baked the first few layers of paint off it .
tr	NNS	So I set the " ghosts " off .
tr	NN	" What language is this ? "
tr	NN	I don 't need your pity I need your answers . "
tr	NNS	" Just in case , I have my blades . "
tr	NN	Iridium bounced off the pavement with a resounding thud , then came to rest in a splayed heap near the platform .
tr	NN	" Looks like his resume . "
tr	NNS	He conducted all sorts of experiments on me and then he threw me away .
tr	NNS	He probably has cameras on the driveway .
tr	NN	She must unravel the net . "
tr	NN	Yet a small ignoble part of her needed revenge .
tr	NN	I tossed the shovel to the side , giving Paul a hand up .
tr	NN	While you 're thinking , I call a truce .
tr	NN	Kade clicked off the ringer and slid the phone into his pocket .
tr	NN	We haven 't painted our water tower like a turnip , though , I must say . "
tr	NNS	" Velda can see people 's auras .
tr	NN	That night the Witch King had saved that water witch , preventing Henrietta from banishing her .
tr	NN	I don 't even need this equipment to address Ship .
tr	NNS	She stood with her shoulders drawn up , hands jammed into her vest pockets , mouth and eyes narrowed to mere slits .
tr	NN	I have a design already for your approval , but it will take at least a month to be ready to move them . "
tr	NN	And I 'd need a slice , and I bet your Jimmy would . "
tr	NNS	When she was starting to feel a little stronger her aunt told the doctors she wasn 't going to have any more chemo .
tr	NN	She did glare at him then .
tr	NNS	" Use your royal powers ! "
tr	NNS	They all had wide , stupid grins on their faces .
tr	NN	I removed the gag and watched her move her jaw around .
tr	NN	She stifled a moan as her body trembled , quivered even more when he skimmed his lips down to where her shoulder met her neck .
tr	NNS	And she didn 't need Celeste 's powers to tell her that Lucas Cromwell , Jr. was going to be a problem .
tr	NNS	You should have been taking classes in aerospace engineering and computer programming . "
tr	NN	A collective groan greeted this announcement , but the persuasive Texan was ready .
tr	NN	" He emptied out the jar before the drawing and put in eighteen pieces of pink paper with Lila 's name on it .
tr	NNS	Getting his ducks in a row ?
tr	NNS	If they are all to remain in Shelby , they must file the proper forms . "
tr	NNS	" Seen any wolves ? "
tr	NNS	I could hear the dolphins , but none of them had surfaced .
tr	NN	She halted her lifting .
tr	NN	At the convenience store 's front door , she twisted off the cap of one of the flares and scraped the tip against the striker .
tr	NNS	She knew the mechanics , but that obviously wasn 't enough .
tr	NN	More and more are dying every day , and what have you done , " says another classmate standing up .
tr	NN	she asked worriedly , her hand unconsciously moving to her throat .
tr	NN	Rachel pulled out her crystal sphere .
tr	NN	Byron bit the silent command out between bared teeth .
tr	NN	He never accused anybody else of doing it .
tr	NN	" Trust me , I could have taken that tiny nurse .
tr	NN	I switched off my monitor and declared .
tr	NNS	He had passed up many lucrative opportunities , but didn 't regret it .
tr	NN	" Skyler , don 't get all psycho about that .
tr	NN	A couple of hours into his shift he picked up a pizza for one of his regulars and headed for the house .
tr	NNS	" I need some candles . "
tr	NNS	Thank you anyway , gentlemen .
tr	NNS	They are seeing your worst fears , your hopes , your biggest mistakes , and they are preparing to use all of them against you .
tr	NN	I thought maybe an airplane blew up or something .
tr	NN	He covets the throne of horns .
tr	NN	He has changed the very substance of their flesh ! '
tr	NNS	Vivian curled her fingernails into her palms .
tr	NN	Neither did the rape .
tr	NN	" Harmony , you better get the fuck out here right now or I 'll really do something you 'll never forget . "
tr	NN	Today , he even heard a bird .
tr	NNS	During the cold war , the government established several remote facilities in the area to test weapons systems and carry out various research projects .
tr	NN	" I know this valley .
tr	NNS	" Yes , they also eat oats , straw , carrots and apples . "
tr	NN	This unwelcome show of affection earned from Jordan a glare of such excruciating distaste that Alexandra gave in to a helpless fit of laughter .
tr	NNS	I don 't want those nightmares to come back again . "
tr	NNS	Doing so requires drastic methods at times , but the end results are worth every fleck of blood , trickle of sweat , and teardrop . "
tr	NNS	Two more of them rounded up the Russian leaders .
tr	NN	Chills ran down my spine .
tr	NN	I have this insane urge to laugh but I stop myself because I can taste blood and it 's starting to fill my mouth .
tr	NN	Below , he heard the infected scratching , howling , and struggling to climb at the base of the ladder .
tr	NN	Luckily , William detected the timer .
tr	NN	He found an old tin of air freshener under the sink and sprayed the room .
tr	NN	I felt a pang of sympathy for her .
tr	NNS	He pulled off a few tricks that night ! "
tr	NNS	" Get your knives out , Scar .
tr	NN	Just lift the gown and place your hand on my left thigh where you had it earlier . '
tr	NN	I love the breeze how it tickles me .
tr	NNS	They walked the few blocks to the Waffle House .
tr	NNS	They donned their heavy packs , and when they hit the hiking trail Sam said , " You set the pace .
tr	NNS	I snagged two cans at random .
tr	NN	I could still feel the faint ache where he had exacted his own tribute .
tr	NN	His smooth voice made her cringe .
tr	NNS	I will not believe the lies , I believe he is not dead , and we are not dead to him . "
tr	NN	" Should I give you a gold star ? "
tr	NN	I have some antiseptic and Band-Aids .
tr	NNS	They expected fathers to know things , to teach them about life , to be there when needed .
tr	NN	Luke was already lifting his dagger .
tr	NNS	She dropped the mattress , though not before discerning that there was nothing under it .
tr	NN	I could see exhaustion lying just below the worry in his eyes , and I joined his mom in insisting he go .
tr	NNS	She cupped his balls in her palm , and her other hand worked the base of his shaft .
tr	NNS	She surveyed the shelves in Henry 's office .
tr	NNS	I open my eyelashes , seeing .
tr	NNS	" Do you have contacts ?
tr	NNS	Sarah ignored her uncle 's attentions , nudging him away as she took another bite of food .
tr	NN	Rebecca felt a scowl coming on .
tr	NN	She ate a handful of popcorn .
tr	NN	Then again , sometimes rubbing salt in the wound can have a positive effect , even when the immediate results aren 't pretty .
tr	NNS	He looked more than a little jumpy .
tr	NNS	' You have other more serious attributes though Jeff . '
tr	NN	" You 're just not speaking my language , son .
tr	NN	" Give me some credit I can walk up a few stairs . "
tr	NNS	How often had he seen young lovers entwined and yearned for the closeness and the intimacy they shared ?
tr	NNS	" From the lost Gypsies . "
tr	NNS	They used dirty tricks .
tr	NNS	The toolbox has no exceptional markings or labels .
tr	NNS	She turned eleven last fall .
tr	NN	We found a vault in the basement .
tr	NNS	Opening the door to the spirit world can cause all sorts of evil to escape .
tr	NNS	He simply switched the reins into both hands and didn 't look her way .
tr	NN	You saved my sanity back then . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances . "
tr	NNS	Lost some other bits though . '
tr	NNS	And from here , he could simply follow the directions given to him .
tr	NN	Clearly , the word decency had no meaning here .
tr	NNS	Zack prowled the halls and corridors of Wolfram Castle long after everyone else had gone to bed .
tr	NNS	I had visions of that policeman from yesterday .
tr	NNS	They continued down the steep , curvy roads .
tr	NNS	Her breathing grew shallow .
tr	NNS	Kept tabs on me while I 'd carved out a life for myself .
tr	NN	" She offered no argument , but she 's not happy about it .
tr	NNS	" So , I guess , no dates for you on school nights ? "
tr	NNS	It 's just watching the monitors .
tr	NNS	All of these reasons have placed my desires of being a father in the forefront .
tr	NNS	The look in Charlie 's eyes spoke volumes about the consequences of getting on the wrong side of him .
tr	NNS	He has no ties to the community , and if he 's working for Nana , I doubt he has much money .
tr	NNS	He had rights where Theo was concerned .
tr	NN	Lifting off , Hamilton skillfully guided the aircraft up and disappeared over the crest of the hill to avoid the continued gun fire from below .
tr	NNS	And again , now facing his helpers : " Kill them ! "
tr	NN	" If I do that she won 't join the Christian Church . "
tr	NN	To my surprise , Bathsheba threw down her napkin and gave her husband a significant look .
tr	NN	I had learned that lesson from the red-eyed sentries .
tr	NNS	Once again , he checked his surroundings .
tr	NN	The spear struck the goblin on the right side of his back just above the waist .
tr	NN	She also lost her patience while attempting to make him some complicated souffle that went tremendously badly however her foul-mouthed tirade after it collapsed was immensely entertaining .
tr	NN	Carrie had taken her advice ; nearly six years ago she 'd enrolled at the University of North Dakota in Grand Forks .
tr	NN	She wore enough jewelry for one of the Blood , and of all things , a red dot in the middle of her forehead .
tr	NN	" So I know real talent when I see it . "
tr	NN	Carrying capacity for 29 solar cells .
tr	NN	Kallie cocked her hip to the side , her head looking around for something .
tr	NN	He now attached a clip at the other end of the wire and then fastened a sling to the end of it .
tr	NN	Tanner didn 't bother answering .
tr	NN	He noticed a twitch in the Kimbra 's mouth .
tr	NNS	She wore blue overalls with a white t-shirt and sandals .
tr	NN	" He growled over the breeze that blew subtly past his face blowing his scarf behind him , trailing out like the tail of a kite .
tr	NNS	The vamps at the bar watched her movements with shifting eyes as if they were waiting for a once-in-a-lifetime sip of rare and limited wine .
tr	NNS	May I ask , have the nightmares stopped ? "
tr	NNS	She instantly withdrew her fangs .
tr	NNS	We bought three more pairs of shoes , too .
tr	NNS	Newton traced the cables from the transformer to the pods .
tr	NNS	The parts I intend to add to her car will mean speeds that will put me against better racers .
tr	NN	' Daiquiri por favor ' Sasha replied , I liked her style .
tr	NNS	Someone had torn away the boards and , after beating her up , threw her down into the hole . "
tr	NN	Enjoy your evening , " she told the chef .
tr	NNS	" I 've already stashed a few daggers in front .
tr	NN	A shiver skirted up her spine despite the fact that they stood in front of the huge fire in the great hall .
tr	NNS	They heard the distress signals from the encampments all over the crater , and have been wiping them out one by one . "
tr	NNS	Use the two points you have previously found in the first part and you can deprive the equation of the straight line . "
tr	NN	Rema refrained from saying that she wished to return home for fear it would give him leverage over her .
tr	NNS	They 've probably got their shields on now , anyway , after Scotland . "
tr	NN	He 'd already placed the equipment on the nightstand , the ink ready to go .
tr	NN	Giant columns on the front of the house extended upward the full height of the construction .
tr	NNS	That , however , would draw suspicions and Mark needed to stay off the cops ' radar .
tr	NNS	I begged the spy gods to whisk me away , somewhere , anywhere .
tr	NNS	He left the remains of the cleaned animals for the scavengers .
tr	NNS	A romantic model helping him survive the absolute emotional emptiness of his surroundings .
tr	NNS	I gave Snowball a dozen hugs and looked around for something to do , anything that would let me delay leaving , but there was nothing .
tr	NN	I did my best perky and carefree impression .
tr	NN	I had done my duty and there was nothing left to say .
tr	NN	" My father made the announcement ?
tr	NN	Sarah resisted the urge to point the gun at him .
tr	NN	He had taken an instant liking to her and would have liked to meet her again some time .
tr	NN	He released the rope and gave a wave to those who could see him from atop the cliff .
tr	NN	It would do no harm to him to learn more of the scriptures . "
tr	NNS	Some of them had brought deck chairs , and some of them were playing cards .
tr	NN	Every breath she took stoked his libido higher as her head shifted on his lap .
tr	NN	Ellis lifted his hefty frame from the chair and looked back at the doctor .
tr	NN	I snapped the pencil twice circling " what light we can . "
tr	NNS	" Most of them say three dates or four ; almost never five or more . "
tr	NN	- The young one was evidently losing patience with the whole exercise .
tr	NNS	A gust blows some yellow napkins over the lawn .
tr	NN	He tossed the pager to Bowe .
tr	NN	We have your fish , over . "
tr	NNS	Well , right now I used those powers to look at Annabelle properly .
tr	NN	Adam opens the refrigerator and hands James a new foil package .
tr	NN	She did a quick survey of her surroundings on her way to the front door .
tr	NNS	That more or less stifled Darion 's objections .
tr	NN	" Who has the statue ? "
tr	NN	" You know Zion 's destiny , Rebecca .
tr	NN	I just heard a car door slam and then a car backing out . "
tr	NN	She did a peculiar little skip toward the stairs .
tr	NN	I pulled the pager off his belt and threw it away .
tr	NN	Looking at the flowers clutched in my grip , I swallowed the lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	We tallied up reoccurring themes , and made notes on ideas that stood out .
tr	NNS	We still had our issues .
tr	NN	I didn 't see any harm in handing him a cup of water .
tr	NN	With a hand that suddenly trembled , he took the other receiver from Dave .
tr	NN	It scared the living crap out of me .
tr	NNS	Our lunch had pulled pork sandwiches washed down with a micro brew from the " Bison Bistro " at the zoo .
tr	NNS	All the craftsmen and artists in Vinland had plied their skills for the priest to settle their debt .
tr	NNS	Ducks and geese flew routes they 'd taken before .
tr	NNS	" Not their armies .
tr	NNS	Not everyone in town was consuming white fudge .
tr	NNS	" We 're playing teams ? "
tr	NN	That earns me a quick nip on my earlobe , and it 's my turn to stifle a reaction .
tr	NN	The neighbors wouldn 't question a visitor opening the backdoor .
tr	NNS	He 'd kept his fangs sheathed all this time ; there was no reason to frighten her any further .
tr	NNS	I have heard the tales and rumors , yes .
tr	NNS	He avoided the molten pools and found rich , dark soil teeming with healing , rejuvenating minerals and opened a bed several feet under its richness .
tr	NNS	She could feign Internet complications or something .
tr	NN	Let 's figure out a code . "
tr	NN	Being with Blaze gives me the quick option to vanish over a ridge or into a copse of trees , should trouble arise .
tr	NNS	Soon , Mr. Stone was wiping the last soap bubbles off me and giving me gentle kisses .
tr	NN	She heard growl and then groan as she slid her mouth over him boldly , satisfying his need .
tr	NNS	We needed allies on the path .
tr	NN	Vann felt a pang of empathy for Zap Zap .
tr	NN	The predator sensed her unease and sadness .
tr	NN	Sally felt his sudden joy as they began to speak .
tr	NNS	" My receptionist will make the arrangements . "
tr	NN	" Thank you , young lord . "
tr	NNS	" You gave him some coins from Hong Kong ? "
tr	NNS	I could see the ghosts now .
tr	NNS	" Of course he is , " Alexandra said fervently , aware she was being warned to get out if she doubted it .
tr	NNS	" You can use your physical talents on demand ? "
tr	NN	When she finally awoke , she had a soft linen cloth pressed between her legs and a warm fur tucked up snug against her bare body .
tr	NN	I heard the crackle of a walkie talkie , and one of the cops on the ledge responded .
tr	NN	The first gained height but was overtaken and knocked lower again .
tr	NNS	He cracks his knuckles and grins at me .
tr	NN	Finally , they built a casing over the damaged reactor containing the radiation already exposed .
tr	NNS	In the closet , she found Richard 's suits , hanging neatly .
tr	NNS	" Get the addresses ? "
tr	NN	Perry studied his nephew .
tr	NN	He donned the Student uniform , covered his ghastly lack of features , and then motioned for Jace to lead the way out of the room .
tr	NN	Leo 's riposte earned a smirk from Julian .
tr	NN	I guessed her height to be about two feet and her length to be about three or four feet .
tr	NNS	No more money until we get three months data from the casino .
tr	NN	She 'd had this lecture lord knew how many times .
tr	NN	She rewarded his patience with her questions with a long , lingering kiss .
tr	NN	I didn 't see the humor .
tr	NNS	The sailors manning the oars wore uniforms with red stripes across the shoulders .
tr	NNS	A few had cameras mounted on poles or small towers .
tr	NN	I handed Cassidy the iPod I 'd borrowed off my dad , and she stared down at it , completely baffled .
tr	NNS	Many of the contributors claimed their vases to be haunted .
tr	NN	Janet pointed her pen in Grace 's direction .
tr	NNS	" I can 't make jokes about this , Gideon .
tr	NN	The bedroom had a balcony attached to it and the robot was standing beneath the stars sending short beams of light upward .
tr	NNS	She took the dirty dishes to the sink and ran water .
tr	NN	Luke takes the recliner , kicking his feet up on the coffee table as he takes a drink straight from the bottle .
tr	NNS	God , Mia thought , it was like watching distant acquaintances meeting on the street who felt they needed to exchange pleasantries .
tr	NNS	" I may have hit him hard , but it wasn 't hard enough , " Steve said remotely .
tr	NNS	" Find buckets now ! "
tr	NN	" I don 't need a shrink , Jared .
tr	NN	We don 't want chocolate ruining the merchandise . "
tr	NN	Something gently brushed his temple .
tr	NN	He was dressed in a suit and tie , holding in his right hand a small yellow flower bouquet .
tr	NN	The newest addition to the newsroom placed the receiver down and smiled .
tr	NNS	They could shield areas from weapons attacks for a short period of time .
tr	NN	Her curiosity finally overrode her caution and she asked , " Matt Veal ?
tr	NNS	He already had his knives in his hands , and it gave me a thrill of pleasure to see his lean body tense , ready to fight .
tr	NN	" Darling , you don 't need a fortune .
tr	NNS	He looked more like a doll than the reddish , wrinkled skinned babies she had taken care of before .
tr	NN	" Yes ' r ? "
tr	NN	The top floor of this place housed her private lab .
tr	NN	John gave Jane a thumbs-up .
tr	NNS	I have not seen such ornaments on other City dwellers . "
tr	NNS	If I get it on my skin , I 'll have chemical burns for the rest of my life .
tr	NN	Without knocking we entered the thrall and were immediately entrenched in party .
tr	NN	He hasn 't lost consciousness .
tr	NNS	The doctors had given him good scores on his wound ; with a little time and rehab , he 'd be fine .
tr	NNS	With muscular arms , he lifts the jagged boards off of me , one by one .
tr	NN	I pulled his cap down over his face .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods I 'm not human .
tr	NNS	" You have carried tough burdens on yourself . "
tr	NN	She tossed her pillow at me , and I giggled .
tr	NN	When I slow my pace a little , the beast gives me a shove so I have to continue to move forward .
tr	NNS	He didn 't see any motion sensors .
tr	NN	The trees groaned their protest around us as the earth rattled .
tr	NNS	" Someone on our side is sabotaging our efforts .
tr	NN	" You have no objection to moving to Scotland , presumably , being a Scot yourself ? "
tr	NNS	Most tables had four or six chairs .
tr	NNS	Use your skills as a woman and I guarantee he 'll shut his mouth , for a time at least . "
tr	NN	Nurse Watkins had thrown away the dead spider plant .
tr	NN	My Mama approaches the rack on the extreme right , first as my sister giggles , skipping towards the clothes .
tr	NNS	But his lack of action spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	He patted the pockets of his shorts .
tr	NNS	Many children who grew up being bounced around in the system had issues with control and a warped sense of stability .
tr	NNS	Part your thighs for me . "
tr	NNS	I gave one last good yank , and the ax shifted as I rolled over the edge and to relative safety .
tr	NN	The waitress gave him a peeved glare .
tr	NN	" Maybe you should take a bath before you have a treat . "
tr	NN	" You didn 't have any instruction ? "
tr	NN	She needed a shovel to dig her hole deeper .
tr	NN	Of course , I 'd love some soap , shampoo and conditioner .
tr	NN	" I have a kitten now . "
tr	NN	" But , we do have the element of surprise . "
tr	NN	" How much do we owe that parasite ? "
tr	NNS	My sister and I made the appropriate noises , but we were both still too stunned to really hear what the little girl was chattering on about .
tr	NN	Fellows couldn 't stop his imagination putting those gloved hands on his bare chest , feeling the cool leather on his hot skin .
tr	NN	Wait a sec , honey .
tr	NNS	That facility had also contained vast halls with mysterious doors , though it had had a much more clinical feel to it .
tr	NNS	* * * They had three shops to visit that day .
tr	NN	I had seen through his eyes the terror on the faces of the people he was getting rid of to save me .
tr	NNS	Now they 've lost their senses entirely and only care about destroying this dancing thorn in their side .
tr	NNS	Helena removed her sandals and rubbed her feet on the cool , terracotta floor tiles .
tr	NN	It gave her immeasurable joy to place her clothes in the closet next to Jon 's .
tr	NN	The girl asked the janitor if she could suggest any cheap restaurants nearby that stayed open late .
tr	NN	Angie left the sofa and went to Lauren , taking her in her arms and pulling her up from the chair .
tr	NN	Frustrated , he slammed the receiver back on the chrome hook and turned to head out to his car .
tr	NNS	Normally , he dreads the long trips .
tr	NNS	He somehow stumbled three paces before his leg could bear his weight no longer , and he crumpled by the side of the woman .
tr	NNS	We couldn 't take any chances . "
tr	NN	His New England family had made its fortune in shipping .
tr	NNS	I hear too many tales of accidents .
tr	NN	She 'd emptied the entire clip , only hitting him twice , but that was all it had taken .
tr	NN	You have quite a reputation for getting men off of these kinds of charges .
tr	NNS	Noticing that the water in the pool bubbled in reaction to his anger , he took several deep breaths to calm himself .
tr	NN	Embarrassed to the nth degree , Dawson swiped his pen from under his brother 's shoe .
tr	NN	" Give me a specific example ? "
tr	NNS	She pulled the silver marks out of her pocket , fanned them out again ... and smiled .
tr	NN	" The only time I 've left the Island since then is when they send me out on missions .
tr	NN	Jess pulled the large file towards her and extracted a single folder from it .
tr	NNS	I 'd have these horrible nightmares .
tr	NNS	Not to mention the cameras that followed him everywhere .
tr	NNS	Of course , my staring only begot more stares .
tr	NNS	Gabe has his contacts working on it , but ... it 's like he never existed .
tr	NNS	The abrupt end to his transmission to Mace Windu only confirmed his worst fears .
tr	NN	Like I had always told her , I had faith that fate would find a way .
tr	NNS	" You bruised my ribs when you slammed your size nines into them . "
tr	NN	I felt my shoulders sag , the chip I harbored against him dissolving .
tr	NN	Gwen had a stew on the boil .
tr	NN	" We cannot fight the fury of the Ice Lord .
tr	NNS	We open our mouths to eat and to laugh soft .
tr	NNS	The citizens depart the bleachers along with the noble couples from the dance floor .
tr	NN	Loaded with shopping , she brought the bustle of Saturday morning , intruding with the rain she shook from her hair .
tr	NN	Except ale - and the ladies . "
tr	NNS	Sally had been off delivering vegetables : beef tomatoes I think .
tr	NN	Shivers roll down my spine as I freeze before the crumpled train and the girl 's pale , still face overwhelms my mind .
tr	NN	Western Australia has much desert in its inner regions .
tr	NNS	" You have not eaten more than a few bites . "
tr	NNS	Then sitting on the porch with a glass of iced tea she tossed the new balls for the dogs to fetch .
tr	NN	" Right , today you had a postcard from your Alan ?
tr	NN	Like cutting a wing from a chicken .
tr	NN	I heard someone shout from behind me .
tr	NN	" I have a life Mama .
tr	NNS	So far I 'd successfully fought off his attempts to make me do it twice a day .
tr	NNS	He makes all sorts of claims about who he is , but I have no reason to believe them .
tr	NNS	They have security cameras in the halls and out in the parking lot .
tr	NNS	Once I get to the center , I put my ballet slippers on .
tr	NNS	You 've got your classes , and a big family that loves you .
tr	NN	Spencer remembered the construction before Ali disappeared .
tr	NN	Chapter Seven Astrid felt the blast of energy long after it had hit .
tr	NNS	I 'm halfway through reading the directions when I realize I 'm smiling too .
tr	NNS	We control all the choke points .
tr	NN	" Yeah ... but he was wearing some fancy vest that oozed blood to make it look like he was hit . "
tr	NNS	The brave words earned a hiss of anticipation .
tr	NNS	" People don 't use torches and pitchforks any more . "
tr	NNS	We had visions of hatchet men coming into the office and handing out pink slips without regard for anything or anyone .
tr	NN	Their boyfriends and Nash sat along the row nearest to the door .
tr	NN	I was given a hero 's treatment in his story .
tr	NNS	Ewan pulled up his reins and held up a fist for Gannon to do the same .
tr	NNS	Looking up , I could hear singing birds chirping their sweet tune while they flew around in the air above .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon .
tr	NN	However , he is a Witch King and you are a witch hunter , ' Brick gave a shrug .
tr	NN	" Told her lawyer it was a gift to her from someone in New York . "
tr	NN	Three months after their arrival Lynn made an announcement over their morning tea .
tr	NNS	Insecurity slowed my movements as I cracked the door to stare out at Christian .
tr	NNS	" It would explain a few items , too . "
tr	NNS	Detainees are given three square meals a day , providing them with all the nutrition that they need to remain healthy .
tr	NNS	I don 't get butterflies .
tr	NNS	" First we find Americus , and then we find your Mr. Chen . "
tr	NN	I have every expectation that your friend and Mr and Mrs Franks will recover .
tr	NN	The way Gavin reacted to the crisis gave her a glimpse of both the new and old Gavin .
tr	NNS	The dim shapes of swimmers among the kelp did not change their movements dramatically .
tr	NN	I let out a growl , scooping her tight , round ass in my hands .
tr	NN	" Bring your candy just in case . "
tr	NNS	" So how many points did I lose from sneaking into your cabin and catching you in your birthday suit ? "
tr	NNS	She had been getting these visions for around three months when unexpectedly she was contacted by the Gautier Association .
tr	NN	He found a stairwell and ran down the steps .
tr	NNS	And , at the same exact time , it scared her senseless .
tr	NNS	Moore lay limp and motionless within his own protective ring .
tr	NN	I rubbed my inner thigh , still feeling the sting .
tr	NNS	" Cabrera had bought all the worst elements of the police departments and now have their support .
tr	NNS	That night I would call Eris , and stay up next to the computer waiting for any sign of her .
tr	NN	Ten bucks , plus ten cents a page , and you just pretend I showed you my ID . "
tr	NNS	And oiled up , like his servants .
tr	NN	She curled her large fin around his leg and over his thigh .
tr	NNS	Set up along the water , it spanned several city blocks .
tr	NN	He 'd offered me chocolate .
tr	NN	But now , it all comes rushing back , a great black tide of despair and heartbreak .
tr	NN	Her death gives you a morsel of meat . "
tr	NNS	" The Council doesn 't make examples .
tr	NNS	It could also have rail stations inside it underneath .
tr	NN	Jake felt his face growing hotter .
tr	NN	He took possession with elemental hunger , with raw aching need , rocking the earth for both of them .
tr	NNS	Thieves had searched all the houses and set them afire .
tr	NN	Still sitting between his spread thighs , I smoothed the soap over his chest and shoulders .
tr	NN	She threw her napkin on the table and made her way out of the restaurant .
tr	NNS	Though he avoided the brunt of the assault , Lucas suffered minor heat burns from the resulting blast .
tr	NN	I can hear the sincerity in his voice .
tr	NN	He had some furniture in his truck , along with the marijuana plants .
tr	NNS	The goddess sat on it casually , one arm resting on her raised knee .
tr	NNS	Meantime , in a great ceremony , some five of us , and four who had come later , accepted Holy Orders .
tr	NNS	It doesn 't just perform a few operations and then break down .
tr	NNS	He all at once , then , threw down his cards .
tr	NN	I carefully put her castle painting aside and take out a blank sheet .
tr	NN	We both know you found it honestly but will they believe a punk like you ? "
tr	NN	Annalise can see the terror in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Mathieu had eaten the bits of beef she 'd fed him , so he wouldn 't starve .
tr	NN	A small gust of wind pushes a loose strand of red hair across Link 's face , but he makes no effort to bat it aside .
tr	NN	' But one never shakes a martini .
tr	NN	She liked her blouse , and told the boys she would help them with their kites .
tr	NNS	" She still may have carried bacteria with her when she left .
tr	NNS	Caesar saw the data as it was sent in those dark channels .
tr	NNS	She could take her art supplies with her and get back on schedule tomorrow .
tr	NN	I can see the displeasure on his face , from the idea that his daughter dared to defy him .
tr	NN	Fighting would mean combat with her own self ; there could be no victor in such a conflict .
tr	NN	We must set a good example , or so you like to tell me , child .
tr	NNS	Why do we need so many different models in one range ?
tr	NN	He had an unsettling manner of staring at you , as though you hadn 't actually spoken .
tr	NN	The thought caused a shudder to run through my body .
tr	NN	He 'd never seen so much animation on her face and he was fascinated by the change .
tr	NN	" You see that bench over there , Rock ?
tr	NN	Did you , by purchasing the Portrait of Ruth , indeed inherit the entire collection ?
tr	NNS	It 's one o ' the roads off the park . '
tr	NN	They had had a nice day , were enjoying a pleasurable truce , and he did not want to do anything that might upset her .
tr	NN	Delusions of returning to her former life ended on a gloriously warm Thanksgiving eve .
tr	NNS	And he preferred brains that were out of the ordinary - that of an infant , for instance - so that he might watch their development .
tr	NNS	They 've poached several leading scientists from other branches in the last year . "
tr	NN	" Jordan , " she says , " Do you have any Tylenol ?
tr	NN	Still , I couldn 't rule out the possibility .
tr	NNS	" Do you mean - " Timothy brushed down his few white hairs that flared up during his brief rage .
tr	NNS	He adjusted his black velvet slacks before sinking into his seat and gesturing for Azazel to rise .
tr	NNS	I 'd pick her up every month or so for her recreational shopping trips in Seattle .
tr	NN	The champagne was having its effect on Tatiana .
tr	NN	Seeing the arrival of her friend , Melodie stopped the CD player .
tr	NN	Your mom has cancer so you decide to swear off technology ?
tr	NN	I have no recourse . "
tr	NN	He gripped the tonic the beggar woman had given him .
tr	NN	Lynn had no other option than to leave Tek and keep walking .
tr	NN	I 'm taking your uncle and the girls back to San Francisco . "
tr	NNS	No raggedy cloth bears , cats , or critters of any kind . "
tr	NNS	Turned out one of his black opponents was holding all the cards that night .
tr	NN	Without questioning her own actions , Phoebe left the stall and hurried out of the restaurant .
tr	NNS	He smelled my lioness , and it seemed to surprise him .
tr	NNS	Some more than others , but in the end , everyone has issues .
tr	NN	" I 'll build you an entire wing , my love . "
tr	NNS	Her mother and two sisters boasted sunflower grins on her graduation day , but Kate managed only half a smile .
tr	NN	I 'd kind of ended that aspect of our friendship the minute I rejected her and acted like an ass .
tr	NNS	" You have only buildings ! "
tr	NN	" Cheese burger , large fries , and strawberry milkshake .
tr	NN	Much to his disappointment , Ben wasn 't allowed a pager of his own .
tr	NNS	They all make losses , but those losses are without exception far smaller than the gargantuan gains they make .
tr	NN	Jonathan laid a patient 's file down in front of Ben .
tr	NNS	I loaded the med trays , trying not to get choked up about Mrs. Jackson .
tr	NN	He parted the shower curtain and slid sideways inside , careful to block the opening with his body until he could seal the cubicle closed again .
tr	NN	Suddenly , Raven entered the hut , as quiet as always .
tr	NNS	She watched her actions and her tongue so that she didn 't sin .
tr	NNS	I gave her millions , and she still hits me up for money every time I see her .
tr	NNS	I swiftly finish my chores .
tr	NNS	I heard some folks down at the coffee shop talkin ' ' bout how they felt safe at night again .
tr	NNS	" But we 're monitoring all frequencies . "
tr	NNS	Jenna and I skipped the vegetables and flowers and headed toward the jewelry .
tr	NNS	He would give you 30 bucks , knowing he won 't get them back ?
tr	NN	What kind 've garbage is that ?
tr	NN	He has the dagger now , so you won 't be seeing your dead mommy any time soon , Morgana .
tr	NNS	His hands move up my thighs and rest on my hips .
tr	NN	She had learned her lesson with Tara .
tr	NN	She preferred the Shadyside location , but it didn 't open until eight .
tr	NN	A mile or so from the desert strip , a dune buggy full of tourists watched the takeoff as it happened .
tr	NN	Then he yanked the gray cap from his head and tossed it beside his jacket .
tr	NN	By the time I finished placing the last slice on the griddle , he 'd reached my upper thigh .
tr	NNS	The battleship Texas rocked dangerously .
tr	NN	" Dad , I have an appointment . "
tr	NNS	Channel Six is making noises about wanting you .
tr	NNS	What you could see was blackened ribs with tattered cloth and bits of muscle still clinging to the bones .
tr	NN	And so , reluctantly , the Elements pledged their allegiance to man .
tr	NNS	We only have a few dollars left and it 's been weeks since we were able to find any kind of work . "
tr	NNS	It made ghosts of the dark hills to the east and west .
tr	NNS	The scaler reduced his crude finger movements to very small changes in electrode movements .
tr	NN	Charlie caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror , denim snaked around his ankles and wiping himself with her underwear .
tr	NN	You kill the fish ! '
tr	NNS	Second , I don 't tolerate foolish attempts at rebellion .
tr	NNS	She had amazing skills , and under his tutelage she became adept at many things now lost to our kind . "
tr	NNS	I would also ask families that are better off to help their neighbors if there is a need .
tr	NN	No doubt she 'd asked the waiter before she ordered .
tr	NNS	Hopefully the older Warlord felt the emotional currents in the room and would tread carefully .
tr	NNS	Amanda pulled the covers over him and tiptoed from the room .
tr	NN	We couldn 't even hear traffic on the highway -- it was ten miles away .
tr	NNS	No mention of a shank named Aris . "
tr	NNS	He searched the crowds , back and forth , until his eyes landed on me .
tr	NNS	They 'd taken samples .
tr	NNS	He can fetch items your friend can 't reach yet .
tr	NNS	He called other drivers on CB radio , asking them how far the gridlock extended .
tr	NNS	Perhaps you should send out some texts from Emery Redpath then you should get some rest too . "
tr	NN	As he spoke , he indicated a rope hanging partly visible from the overhead gloom .
tr	NN	I flew down the grand staircase .
tr	NN	Jay attempted a nonchalant shrug , though his face continued to get even redder along the cheek areas .
tr	NN	He heard the contagious joy of her laughter or saw the look of concentration as she read a book .
tr	NN	How would she add her special ingredient to each batch without it being seen by another employee ?
tr	NN	An hour later , after completing a long run and doing a circuit of weights , Gio grabbed a towel and headed back down to his office .
tr	NN	Altair said nothing , heart hammering .
tr	NN	Again he could divine no meaning from their faces .
tr	NN	He kicked a basket of clothes spilling the contents over the floor .
tr	NN	Those of Master Drake 's calibre will know its general location and what it signifies .
tr	NNS	She would show numerous examples of the same face having been depicted for Christ from that time on .
tr	NNS	He was being shocked senseless when he spied the furnace .
tr	NN	' No tanks or heavy equipment like artillery ? '
tr	NNS	I 'd had regularly scheduled meals since coming to live with Merrill .
tr	NNS	He quickly recovered his senses , lifted the camera , pointed it at the two people in front of him and began clicking furiously .
tr	NNS	" I don 't feel poisoned . "
tr	NN	Mandy left her cheek resting on his chest .
tr	NNS	The creatures swiped their blades through the air , screaming their disturbing roar as they waited for battle .
tr	NN	Ben leaned his backside against the counter and thanked her gruffly .
tr	NN	She jerked her fork over her shoulder at the paparazzi .
tr	NNS	One by one they vanished into a shower of bright sparks just a few inches from his face .
tr	NNS	The floor had clear tiles that displayed the colorful fish swimming beneath them .
tr	NNS	" And I don 't have the funds to replace it myself . "
tr	NNS	Jason 's mom , pulled back the drapes .
tr	NNS	" I 've been having visions of you in nothing but your kilt .
tr	NNS	You had contacts within the local authorities to give you access to more information , to help us when we needed the concourse emptied .
tr	NN	I took my rifle from my back and caressed it in my arms .
tr	NNS	We found the remains of a skeleton in the rocks in the hills .
tr	NN	All because an untrained puppy had escaped its owner on a filthy day , ignored ' Keep Out ' signs , and sniffed out something irregular .
tr	NN	She put down the menu .
tr	NN	He needed proof and there was none .
tr	NNS	The moment he pulled from her , he felt an emptiness - a loss .
tr	NNS	I took two deep gulps of air and pulled out some gum to chew to calm my nerves .
tr	NNS	I had taken several more directions from Blaine and according to him I wasn 't far .
tr	NNS	Had they been given bad directions ?
tr	NNS	I used these medical terms only to render the record exact and comprehensive . "
tr	NNS	She exchanged similar greetings with her father , the man 's eyes never leaving mine .
tr	NN	A little along she spotted the cheerful countenance of another captain .
tr	NN	Rafe didn 't understand a tenth of it .
tr	NN	" What meaning am I to take from this ?
tr	NN	When I finally met his eyes , I saw white hot terror and an unspoken question .
tr	NN	Was she flirting with me or was it my imagination ?
tr	NNS	acknowledged the Sword Legion commanders near the Behemoth .
tr	NN	Gregor caught a glimpse of a couple of shadowy shapes scurrying along the wall and grimaced .
tr	NNS	When they got there , he warmed two plates of lasagna and then prepared two glasses of tea .
tr	NN	When her hair was combed smooth , he set the comb down on the counter-top and she opened her eyes to look at him in the mirror .
tr	NNS	He handed out the desired cards .
tr	NN	" I 'll get your proof , Father . "
tr	NN	She had found a large supply of loose leaf paper and several ball point pens in the kitchen drawer .
tr	NNS	Providence reads palms and tea leaves .
tr	NN	I ignore the ripple through my body that his voice always causes .
tr	NN	Tar had been redeemed , his spirit radiated that redemption .
tr	NNS	Andrew had no illusions about himself : he knew that that was what he was .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any condoms .
tr	NNS	It cost thousands of dollars in therapy , and it ruined our marriage . "
tr	NNS	She held up the torn and tattered pages of the photo album that she had been looking through .
tr	NNS	And yet you pass judgments on the way I am like I 'm some kind of animal !
tr	NNS	A plate here must cost at least a hundred bucks .
tr	NNS	" Our goddamn bikes ! "
tr	NN	As much as I wanted to stay with you , he didn 't deserve the betrayal . "
tr	NNS	" Someone is sinking the king 's ships . "
tr	NNS	But I do not condemn her actions ; she had only been carrying out the sentences that I set forth at the beginning of my reign .
tr	NN	Then Bilbo heard the king 's butler bidding the chief of the guards good-night .
tr	NN	I got a rifle too , right behind the seat in my truck .
tr	NN	She let out a whence as she sat back down .
tr	NN	" You 'll make a faster recovery at home . "
tr	NNS	She had her suspicions as to their reasons but had been too busy to look into them .
tr	NN	Now their family , friends , coworkers would feel the snap of Flattery 's wrath .
tr	NN	He pulled out a small metal canister and opened it .
tr	NNS	Before they 'd left last night , Kirk had hammered a few boards across the broken door .
tr	NN	There , on the near side of the bar , one raised foot planted on the seat of a chair , stood the tavern 's owner .
tr	NN	" I 'm making a crown . "
tr	NN	I focused my talent on finding my lost way but I felt nothing .
tr	NN	Theo tensed his bicep , squeezing my shoulders tight , " You all right , Princess ? "
tr	NN	Emelia joined the throng that flowed down the filthy street , immersing herself in the vibrancy of the city .
tr	NNS	We keep up our skills .
tr	NNS	Ethan sank his fangs deep into Anna 's neck .
tr	NNS	He has no male peers in his life .
tr	NNS	Instead , people had such skills as elocution , flattery , calculation or simple intuition .
tr	NN	Despite knowing that there were numerous people living and working in the Manor , he had only passed a handful in the halls .
tr	NNS	As I was saying , you have many supernatural abilities .
tr	NN	Taking only a second to calm her breathing , Sarah turned the knob and entered the room where the feared Agatha Beaumont lay all alone and dying .
tr	NN	I wanted proof she was human .
tr	NN	I finish off my cupcake , and sigh in contentment .
tr	NN	I fake an exaggerated pout .
tr	NNS	The kelp disassembled and analyzed their scents and sweats , each time gaining wisdom on this peculiar frond on the DNA vine marked " Human . "
tr	NNS	His hands travel up my thighs , my legs falling open .
tr	NNS	" Can you run the fingerprints off of this bottle for me ?
tr	NN	-- " Well , notwithstanding that , Jack Pringle has touched a chord that vibrates in my heart yet , " replied the admiral .
tr	NNS	As my vision focused , I saw clouds and a tree that stood in the middle of the ... well , wherever I was .
tr	NNS	She repeated , inches from Nanny 's face .
tr	NN	On your NCIC report , you have a weird code that I had never seen before .
tr	NN	Marla had been watching the lone diner , the pretty girl she 'd seated out on the terrace , while she ate her meal .
tr	NNS	I 'd had some odd interviews , but this definitely ranked high on the bizarre meter .
tr	NNS	The whole group of them took field trips out in the Wilderness Swamp . "
tr	NNS	Nadine told many jokes and served hot black tea in tall glasses with sugar cubes .
tr	NNS	He stroked her thighs , found her tight curls and caressed the moist folds the small triangle guarded .
tr	NN	I yanked the comforter over my head and tried desperately to fall asleep and dream of the only vampire I trusted , Alexander Sterling .
tr	NNS	As comfortable and enticing as sleeping on the ground sounded , she preferred the reading room 's comfy chairs .
tr	NN	One actually had a chunk of dragon belly between his teeth .
tr	NNS	" Explored your special abilities ? "
tr	NNS	With Ben 's help they stacked a few cans on the table top in the centre of the room .
tr	NNS	He 'd known lovers to complain about being horny for days after being with him .
tr	NN	' Perhaps he remembered another engagement ? '
tr	NN	Walking across the soft , uneven grass brought an instant flood of awful memories .
tr	NN	The Marine had an uncompromising code of honor .
tr	NNS	What if a transfusion of the witch 's blood could give him the telepathic abilities ?
tr	NN	But this irrefutable proof , written by Taylor 's own hand , sealed that possibility forever .
tr	NN	I kept my own counsel on him .
tr	NNS	He took art classes from a New York artist , music from a symphony violinist , and history from a retired professor .
tr	NNS	All up standing pillars of the community and certainly not short of a few bob , so there 's another tick !
tr	NNS	From the dining room , come the presenter 's jokes followed by roars of laughter .
tr	NN	Shorty held out a handful of after-dinner mints .
tr	NNS	The laptop crunched some numbers and evoked a screensaver in the shape of an all-consuming black hole .
tr	NN	He finished his argument , and Shorty got up and started walking around in a tiny circle to give the idea some considerable thought .
tr	NN	They had a last glimpse of Ted 's body as it was pulled into the inky water and Fletcher yanked down the lever on the Green Box .
tr	NN	She certainly took up more real estate on the bed than Clary did .
tr	NN	Dagmar used a cloth from her satchel to wipe her mouth and headed back to the stairs .
tr	NN	His creepy condescension , coupled with everything else that happened this day , nearly made Morgan vomit .
tr	NN	Desire leapt up his spine as she tilted her lips to his and lifted on her toes .
tr	NNS	How it affected your social skills and your ability to relate to other people .
tr	NNS	They have high expectations for us but you all seem ok . "
tr	NNS	Good public relations . "
tr	NNS	Banged up metal lockers ran across one wall , doors missing on some of them .
tr	NN	" For more than a millennium , I have won this contest handily .
tr	NNS	Normally I ease my patients into talking about their trauma .
tr	NNS	" He likes babies and young boys . "
tr	NN	I have a fondness for unusual human semantics .
tr	NN	I didn 't give him enough credit , but he was really a decent guy .
tr	NNS	I scoured social media sites in search of an alter ego and I finally found him .
tr	NNS	David handed Sarah the reins of the big bay named Dan .
tr	NNS	" I want you every minute , " His hands finds my breasts through my clothes and start to rub them gently from behind .
tr	NN	Once on the correct heading , Bill set the autopilot and climbed down the companionway stairs .
tr	NNS	The clothes didn 't deter her movements in any way .
tr	NNS	We 'll all send reports there and you 'll be safe . "
tr	NN	Jerks may have a reputation for being cool but it 's a lie .
tr	NNS	We exchange Christmas cards , but honestly we 're barely more than strangers .
tr	NN	Ask anybody where to find us .
tr	NN	Naturally I must make my own inquiry .
tr	NNS	I take several deep breaths .
tr	NNS	While he might not dress like a Renaissance aristocrat , Quarrel did possess the unique talents of a Medici or a Borgia .
tr	NN	" But we love our rattle ! "
tr	NN	George vaulted a row of yellow tulips and landed beside me .
tr	NNS	Also , -- can you imagine the difficulties in riding a monkey with a saddle on its back ?
tr	NN	" That should just about blow out the power grid . "
tr	NNS	" If you destroy their cores , you get their special abilities .
tr	NNS	The capital they contribute will only accelerate our efforts . "
tr	NN	He also expressed his sorrow about the loss of life .
tr	NNS	Alexis personally made all the arrangements for Victoria 's funeral and burial .
tr	NNS	" I was practicing spells , and my grandfather was watching me .
tr	NN	Near St. Maarten , Clay took the helm while his father hit the beer .
tr	NN	Again she heard that fierce , animalistic growl and something that sounded like someone being pushed back .
tr	NNS	Nick put down his wineglass with grave deliberation .
tr	NN	On the floor lay a wet discarded towel a hair 's breadth away from the drying rack .
tr	NNS	The three witnesses stood over their bikes in shock at the aftermath of the violence .
tr	NNS	Take a few deep breaths , keep focused . '
tr	NN	But the first time I was at his apartment , he hid a six-pack of Guinness beneath the sink .
tr	NN	The directory confirmed the Psychiatric Department 's location and she went through the sliding glass doors into the lobby .
tr	NNS	He really had ulterior motives for hooking up with Dr. Samara .
tr	NNS	This morning , I received three calling cards , one belonging to Captain David Garrett !
tr	NNS	He probably put his last few dates in a coma before dinner was over .
tr	NNS	Then he 'll be attending weekly AA meetings for a year .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms to her eyes .
tr	NN	He picked up a menu , although he wasn 't planning to order a meal .
tr	NNS	Chloe echoes my sentiments .
tr	NN	" We have a mutual acquaintance . "
tr	NNS	A ring of piled stones held the charred remains of a campfire .
tr	NNS	Other stations were producing smaller tubes of what Michaels guessed was a hard plastic substance : the chemical chambers .
tr	NNS	" Shouldn 't you get those pages ? "
tr	NNS	I have all but 4 dollars that you sent so dont fear for us .
tr	NNS	She wore black flats .
tr	NNS	Now we have just a few hundred dollars and a car that should 've been scrapped ten years ago , Jane .
tr	NNS	The two titans toppled backwards , beneath the water .
tr	NNS	Mexico drained our investment funds .
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	With every movement , the white towel rode up her thighs .
tr	NNS	Jimmy 's heart skipped beats as he sprinted like he had never sprinted before .
tr	NN	I 've spent the last twelve years convincing folk around here that I 'm far more trouble than they want . "
tr	NN	' And then came the thaw , and the kids all got better -- to a boy and girl .
tr	NN	I followed the hack . "
tr	NNS	Locking eyes with Suzy , he lowered his boxers , his erection springing forward from the confines .
tr	NN	He could see the conductor watching him as he disembarked the train .
tr	NN	Go up the staircase , take a right and the third door on the right is the study . "
tr	NNS	The clock chimed eleven , the fire burned , and Hart waited .
tr	NNS	He 'd pulled off her sandals , but he 'd left her dressed in a pair of shorts and her tank top .
tr	NN	Your husband puts a little elbow grease into this baby and you 'll have yourself a fine vehicle .
tr	NNS	" Candy , Denise is making some financial arrangements involving Lee . "
tr	NNS	As it is , the deception at the beginning seriously damaged their chances of a truly happy marriage . "
tr	NN	He rubs my back comfortingly .
tr	NNS	You now represent the families of their victims .
tr	NNS	Buying your leads for $ 10 .
tr	NN	They deserved vengeance , revenge , and there was no-one but Gel who could bring it for them .
tr	NN	" I cannot claim such a distinction .
tr	NN	' I 'm sorry , I 've delivered a sermon . '
tr	NN	We got busy touring and I kept putting it off .
tr	NNS	Dr. Cleaver instructed the waiters to take him up to Pierce 's rooms and to inform his valet .
tr	NN	Why can 't we show your aunt the video when she comes to town ?
tr	NN	" Thank goodness . "
tr	NNS	Smiling , she said , " I told the doctors I 'd work my special powers to get you to see reason . "
tr	NN	She resumed her professional demeanor and attitude .
tr	NNS	You , Uncle Karol , will teach your classes tomorrow .
tr	NN	Eleanor touched the package in surprise .
tr	NNS	Afterwards , he would send the armies to the Middle East , seizing their petroleum .
tr	NN	The pointed posture silently heralded his partner 's success .
tr	NNS	Michael must have lit jumbo , devotional candles in the chamber .
tr	NNS	But when he reached the marina , he didn 't take any chances .
tr	NNS	He guided his palms up from my waist to beneath my armpit , taking my tank top along with him .
tr	NN	I only would have gotten a reputation for being a lying whore at school .
tr	NN	He wore a green vest beneath his long , dark suit coat .
tr	NNS	His weight dipped the mattress , rolling her slightly toward him .
tr	NNS	They covered the roses with drop cloths and tied a tarpaulin around each lilac .
tr	NNS	Never make excuses for me , Sky . "
tr	NN	" We 're making the big announcement today ? "
tr	NN	-- and give it a twist .
tr	NN	Another was testing a super-light portable DVD player .
tr	NNS	I didn 't believe your excuses then , and I won 't believe them now .
tr	NNS	I pressed my thumbs on each side of the handle and there was a soft electronic hum as the fingerprint reader identified me .
tr	NNS	Looking around he took a few forced breaths .
tr	NNS	" I 'll buy you new plates . "
tr	NNS	Peggy always enjoyed her trips to the nursery , although she rarely left without filling up the minivan .
tr	NN	I showed the waiter out and took a sip of the tomato juice with two aspirin .
tr	NNS	Theo enjoyed rehearsals even more than gigs .
tr	NN	Nobody in Medicine Rock had a grand piano .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't split hairs when his life was in the balance .
tr	NN	When I look over my shoulder at him , I push my hip out , offering him my ass to slap .
tr	NNS	Her voice came out breathless with relief .
tr	NNS	Later she forced her ten sisters to read every word .
tr	NN	Prudence advised caution , but he decided to not disappoint them .
tr	NN	While she waited for Mitch to show up at the front office reception desk , she let her head slump all the way down to her desktop .
tr	NNS	The buildings loomed up on either side of her , great ugly examples of crumbling neglect .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't read what was in his eyes , a stillness behind the gold .
tr	NN	They got a firm handshake and a hot cup of coffee when they got home .
tr	NN	And then I saw the announcement about nominating this year 's homecoming royalty .
tr	NNS	I searched the crowds for Dad or Dr. Rosen or anyone I knew at all , but it was a sea of strangers .
tr	NN	His finger twirls a strand of her hair .
tr	NNS	I have my suspicions on who it is , though . "
tr	NNS	We wander past various control panels on the walls and Lucien points to them .
tr	NN	His sweat slicked the hilt of the sword , making it twist in his hand .
tr	NN	True , she 'd seen lust before , but never so mingled with love .
tr	NN	Andrew gave Eddie a towel and a sympathetic smile .
tr	NNS	I flipped the pages , and a word caught my attention .
tr	NN	I 've got a particular talent that lets me see these knots .
tr	NN	Seconds later , a portly , balding man entered the foyer .
tr	NN	During their routines , the girls would make a circuit by us .
tr	NNS	" Wine has its greatest healing powers if consecrated and consumed in a church .
tr	NNS	If they had , they would not be facing the troubles now , in their groves . "
tr	NN	" I think Alexander 's proof . "
tr	NNS	They 'll all pay big bucks for solid background on people who have a lot of money to spend . "
tr	NN	Jason swung his rifle , casting his IR beam in that direction .
tr	NNS	Sarah felt the mattress writhing beneath her .
tr	NNS	They have the balls to actually look concerned .
tr	NN	It has a strong red giant branch and red clump populations .
tr	NNS	I 'll make all the arrangements personally . '
tr	NNS	He would never get crazy powers since he didn 't have Amazon blood , or their tendency for genetic variation .
tr	NN	I 'm finally done railing .
tr	NNS	" Well , you could always bring your fuzzy bunny slippers , just in case . "
tr	NN	Eric squeezed the dagger in his hand , hoping he wouldn 't have to use it .
tr	NNS	" Next time , don 't recruit models you aren 't supposed to use . "
tr	NNS	They desperately needed new members and a new leader .
tr	NNS	Chapter 8 To the delight of both their families , that evening found the two lovers again walking out alone into the garden .
tr	NNS	She prunes the roses , she tells me , so they 'll grow stronger .
tr	NNS	I got dizzy from the spinning love wheel . "
tr	NNS	Long muscular legs , taut abdomen , beautifully delineated biceps , and a thick , weighty bulge in his drawers .
tr	NNS	Kim rubbed her temples .
tr	NN	Then they had set up a raid to revenge the murder .
tr	NNS	The job pays seventeen dollars per hour .
tr	NN	It gave her an aroma of licentiousness , and she adored that .
tr	NNS	With your permission , I 'll make the necessary arrangements for your coronation .
tr	NNS	Grand tumbled inches from the shuttle .
tr	NN	Charlie and Kate clambered into the SUV , Charlie silently cursing the height and size of the vehicle .
tr	NN	See the definition of Temple .
tr	NN	Halloween week of 2009 I featured a collection of fresh , new stories on my blog to celebrate the season with .
tr	NNS	I have the balls in this relationship , and I 'm not fucking blind !
tr	NN	Again , I never found proof , but I just knew she was behind all those incidents .
tr	NN	I held her as she sobbed , each shudder of hers a twist in my heart .
tr	NN	I had no patience left for my little brother .
tr	NN	Her favorite self-designed earrings completed her outfit .
tr	NNS	Iron didn 't dampen my powers anywhere near as much as it did Jasmine 's , but it could sometimes affect me a little .
tr	NN	There she sold al the jewelry she was currently wearing at a shockingly devalued rate , which nevertheless resulted in quite an obscene amount of money .
tr	NN	" All right , I 'll strike a bargain with you .
tr	NN	The fence zombies already took away that option .
tr	NN	Before they had barely fallen to the ground , he ripped the remaining tape from his mouth and was feverishly working on the rope around his ankles .
tr	NNS	A man seated at a table to his left heard the bits of insight and frowned .
tr	NN	It also has a low cost of living . "
tr	NN	Preston and I hit the pavement hard .
tr	NN	" You know Melissa 's orientation . "
tr	NN	The tree nearest to the little glowing pile of feathers had a massive trunk .
tr	NNS	And I have talents .
tr	NNS	" Give me drugs . "
tr	NNS	" But in this final test I have stressed its capabilities to their limits .
tr	NN	" When my dad graduated from high school , he got a scholarship to a small school that specialized in agriculture .
tr	NNS	I have obligations to my housemates .
tr	NNS	Frank picked up the reins , prompting the horse into a trot .
tr	NNS	She never liked the non-traditional Christmas dance themes that other seniors had created in the past .
tr	NN	Her mother patted her cheek encouragingly .
tr	NN	Somewhere behind my right ear , I heard a tune being hummed .
tr	NN	I gave him a mock salute and then winked .
tr	NNS	Eventually the Fog just flanked the torches , took them from behind , and continued , unabated .
tr	NNS	I rub the palms of my hands across his chest in a series of small circles .
tr	NN	Her stomach empty , she wet a cloth and wiped her face and rinsed her mouth with water .
tr	NN	He has completed his learning at the Halls of Lore . "
tr	NN	She saw the indecision warring in Essie 's eyes and knew the thoughts in her mind .
tr	NNS	You have had zero new requests since the last time you visited .
tr	NN	I have forced your compliance only on the occasions when I was healing you , binding you to me , and when you needed sleep .
tr	NNS	She 'd flutter her eyelashes , he 'd roll his eyes , and seconds later they 'd be making out in the closet .
tr	NNS	As a minimum , it causes earthquakes , tsunamis , typhoons and massive electrical storms .
tr	NNS	She rolled her thumbs over and over each other and stared at them now .
tr	NN	In amongst all this dirt lies the ignition of my desire .
tr	NN	The grave mood that permeated the room finally made an impression on him .
tr	NNS	" Let 's leave my balls and her hands out of this . "
tr	NNS	We are grown adults here , dealing with the same shit . "
tr	NNS	We strolled a few blocks after lunch , digesting and talking .
tr	NNS	That started many arguments and quite a few wars .
tr	NN	Vel is already making his own assessment , checking out what we 'll need to get inside without getting caught .
tr	NN	" It means solitude in Greek . "
tr	NNS	But I had my doubts .
tr	NNS	She nodded encouragingly and cupped my cheek with her hand .
tr	NN	He reached the landing and turned into the first door on the right .
tr	NN	" Oh stop being such a sissy , Little Man .
tr	NN	I feel my heart rate quicken , and my hands clamp tightly around my wine bottle .
tr	NN	" Hey , some of us are trying to sleep , " whispered Charlotte as she gently kicked the upper bunk .
tr	NNS	She described the attackers as inhumanly strong with pale complexions , sharp teeth and eyes which changed to pitch black .
tr	NN	I admitted defeat as I swallowed , resolving to let it remain a mystery .
tr	NNS	I 'll sell her rugs if I get them , but then it 's back to Sears rugs .
tr	NN	I repressed a shudder as she finally let the weird expression fall from her face .
tr	NN	" Shut your lying trap .
tr	NN	He set his briefcase down .
tr	NN	The man gave an exaggerated version of a wounded look .
tr	NNS	I would rip the tubes from my arms only to have them replaced .
tr	NN	She turned and took two steps toward us , her icy gaze landing on me .
tr	NN	In a couple of days , you ' l be kicking Aiden 's butt . "
tr	NN	Again she slid the material from his shoulders .
tr	NNS	" I will return folks , just a little hero admin to sort . "
tr	NN	Watching , Rick thought , My god ; there 's something worse about my situation than his .
tr	NN	Killing the son of Owain Gwynedd would ensure a massacre of his men and enduring enmity between Aber and Dublin .
tr	NN	I opened the email .
tr	NNS	With blood trickling out of both our hands , he presses our palms together .
tr	NNS	Next went my boxers , and then she grabbed a condom out of the drawer by my bed .
tr	NN	He looms over me , the helm he wears shadowing his face .
tr	NNS	Just below them a small lake ruffled its waters into lively sparkles .
tr	NNS	Jax ran the two blocks , cursing himself .
tr	NNS	He 'll pull up the data from my tracker .
tr	NN	Huron will have a new administration . "
tr	NNS	" And she doesn 't like cats , either .
tr	NN	" Don 't mind my assistant ; he 's an idiot . "
tr	NNS	I brought back heavy pans ; they would make good weapons to swing .
tr	NN	So , the universe has medical equipment for now .
tr	NN	" A good friend of hers owns a stable .
tr	NNS	Her husband earned thirty-six thousand dollars as a private pilot .
tr	NN	" Have you tried the high-fiber cube ? "
tr	NN	" You still have the Mustang ? "
tr	NNS	Please get your coats .
tr	NNS	Her head and stomach hurt so badly , just the thought of standing made her nauseous .
tr	NN	He had heard something unexplainable .
tr	NNS	They took the two chairs that fronted the desk .
tr	NN	Moments later , he was picking out a tune that sounded a bit like an old-time gospel song .
tr	NN	He strapped a child 's bicycle to the roof .
tr	NNS	I drew both my blades and checked them over , just to have something to do .
tr	NN	Kenton knows about her after she claimed to have lost the baby , he did some digging for me .
tr	NN	Like taking up a musical instrument or something . "
tr	NNS	The leather made subtle creaking noises .
tr	NNS	But here at the Manor I could collect the truly grandiose criminals of all time .
tr	NN	So keep your imagination under control , focusing upon the task at hand . "
tr	NNS	The lights are off with only a few glowing shelves .
tr	NN	Eleanor hastily undid the ribbon and folded back the paper , and five photographs of the naked Hart Mackenzie fell into her hand .
tr	NNS	Smiling at her continued bewilderment , he quickly undid the ties of her gown , then pulled the loosened material down over her shoulders .
tr	NN	I hadn 't needed his protection for a long time .
tr	NNS	I could see the wheels turning with him .
tr	NN	He was trapping a well-trained witch with barely an inkling of losing power ; surely some little trick they rustled up wouldn 't hold him .
tr	NNS	Jared took my jaws gently into his hands , and he looked straight into my eyes .
tr	NN	I 'm using this catastrophe -- and the suffering and desperation it 's created -- to get ahead .
tr	NN	The brief contact sent a little sizzle of desire through me .
tr	NNS	" Truth be known , it kind of gives me the creeps .
tr	NNS	He tested the alarm systems -- everything was green .
tr	NN	A tingly feeling shoots down my spine .
tr	NNS	Each concept dictates their own methods of achieving the aims set by the Earth Company .
tr	NN	She could feel his various sensors feeding in input , raw data detailing their surroundings .
tr	NNS	" At least it 's kept the birds out of my hair for the most part . "
tr	NNS	" All units are currently assisting victims of the blast .
tr	NN	In his position , as a special commander , he would have an obligation to look after her .
tr	NNS	By daybreak that day , the three of them had purchased ample supplies and adequate mounts and were on their way out of Milton by midmorning .
tr	NNS	Lots of them old plantation houses had escape tunnels to get away from the rebel raiders during the Revolution .
tr	NN	His sugar high would send him pacing around the room , but eventually he would crash .
tr	NNS	He wore Calvin Klein boxer briefs , and all she could think about was how his beautiful body belonged in their advertisements .
tr	NNS	Bernard and Madge had unselfishly volunteered their efforts over the years .
tr	NNS	She 'll help balance Levi . "
tr	NNS	Finally , the five judges presented their scores : 9.4 , 9.5 , 9.4 , 9.5 , and 9.6 .
tr	NNS	I could hear footfalls on the stairs .
tr	NN	She snagged a paper towel and came back to clean up the rest .
tr	NN	I felt that sorrow that always seemed to plague me when I thought about them surface ... and then remembered Erik 's comments .
tr	NN	" The roots sustain every plant and are what keeps weeds returning again and again . "
tr	NN	Again wishing she 'd gotten her clothes and dressed before starting this conversation , she hugged the towel to her body .
tr	NNS	Freezers contain perishable items like meat , milk , and the like .
tr	NNS	Oh ... thank the gods .
tr	NNS	" And tell your lap dogs to stop staring at my chest before I stab them in the throat . "
tr	NN	" That 's got ta suck .
tr	NNS	Then he laid his rough palms on her inner thighs and pressed her legs open .
tr	NNS	But she was still sending him inconsistent signals .
tr	NNS	Father put batteries of artillery at the South and the East gate , and they began shelling the fortifications of the city .
tr	NN	" I front for local talent , " he told Stacy 's uncle .
tr	NN	I just never had that effortless positive demeanor about me .
tr	NNS	" I made you all your favorite breakfast foods .
tr	NN	He held the statue in his right hand .
tr	NNS	I could almost hear the cogs turning in the girl 's brain .
tr	NN	Thank goodness that was over .
tr	NN	The nurse handed Eloise a white hospital gown and bottle of yellow liquid .
tr	NN	Lydia felt a tingling on her head , at the back of her neck , and down her arms .
tr	NN	Elder crosses the pond and motions for someone to talk to him .
tr	NN	He hadn 't admitted defeat , and he wasn 't yet dead .
tr	NNS	She nods then bursts into laughter .
tr	NNS	" Scan those ships ! "
tr	NN	" I can 't take too much credit .
tr	NN	She touched one fingertip to the corner of his mouth .
tr	NNS	I don 't know the specifics , Helen , but he 's still as kind as he 's always been . "
tr	NN	Noah learned respect for the forest , the trees and the animals in it .
tr	NNS	" We find a criminal , track his actions , and when the law gets him , we turn his recorded flight over to you .
tr	NN	" My nose won 't stop throbbing . "
tr	NN	After the accident , his parents had hired a contractor to install a ramp .
tr	NNS	However we have some large , rather boisterous dogs that are struggling to find placement . '
tr	NNS	In the short time I have inhabited these surroundings .
tr	NNS	I didn 't appreciate his rudeness .
tr	NN	Anyone who came here now would see a massive crater and wonder what had happened .
tr	NN	" Is her valued scribe and her lover , if I 'm not mistaken . "
tr	NNS	He scouted out areas where men would likely camp and enter the city .
tr	NNS	" You keep your stuffy libraries and cold cobbled streets - I 'll take sun and ocean any day . "
tr	NN	' We Have Cleared A Path To The Door !
tr	NN	They flagged down the waitress , who brought them the check and a Styrofoam carryout container .
tr	NN	The cute poker player in the kitchen needed a haircut , but she doubted a pair of scissors could plow through the gel build up .
tr	NN	He muttered a pithy oath .
tr	NNS	She slid her palms up his arms , the female in her responding to the firm strength of biceps under the shirt .
tr	NN	" Cunning old fox .
tr	NNS	I quickly washed and dried the dishes , then dodged out of the kitchen and into the guest bedroom .
tr	NN	He watched the jade statue as it passed from hand to hand .
tr	NN	And , surprise , surprise , who else is getting pizza ?
tr	NN	' He didn 't like my style of management . '
tr	NNS	" Sometimes you can use mirrors and slowly move them at angles to see what the markings mean . "
tr	NNS	I 'll be wearing my stockings and garter belt and nothing else .
tr	NN	Knowing Aurora would want to spend time with her father and husband , she carried the coffeepot to the living room , where the others lingered .
tr	NN	" Take off as soon as possible , " he told the pilot who efficiently nodded and ducked back into the cockpit .
tr	NNS	They had made arrangements to meet inside the woods near the dormitory .
tr	NN	He tugged the backpack from his shoulder and dropped it down onto the bridge floor .
tr	NNS	He had little crumbs of some kind of donut or pastry in his beard , but either didn 't notice or didn 't care .
tr	NNS	I don 't want specifics , just an overview . "
tr	NN	If he didn 't , she would risk his rejection by telling him that she would be moving back to Seattle and hope for the best .
tr	NN	Without giving an opportunity to second-guess himself , Ted turned the doorknob and shoved the door open .
tr	NNS	" Put the knives down . "
tr	NNS	She felt dizzy and had to concentrate to keep from passing out .
tr	NN	Bitterness and pain fueled the revenge she took on the man she loved and the woman he flaunted .
tr	NNS	" Twelve million dollars ? "
tr	NN	They also set a curfew when alone in each other 's apartment .
tr	NNS	He ' l catch our scents . "
tr	NNS	Blake cleared the roughness from his throat .
tr	NN	I have faith in shadows .
tr	NNS	" I have seen war veterans with more life and less hell in their eyes than that girl . "
tr	NNS	He might have centuries , but she had only a few years , and she wanted to spend them all in his arms , legally and lawfully .
tr	NN	She unscrewed the lid and let the bubbles fizz sweetly down her throat .
tr	NN	" I 'll reserve my final verdict .
tr	NNS	Here at the institute , we often see patients in a more or less catatonic state .
tr	NN	He wore a white cap with the words " Belize Rules " in blazing red .
tr	NN	I lift the lid and set it down on the bed next to me .
tr	NN	Melissa loves my cock .
tr	NN	The blue shimmer had a calming effect .
tr	NNS	The other was making shields around the boy to prevent his wielded fires from attacking them .
tr	NN	" No , I only caught a glimpse of them before they disappeared into the trees . "
tr	NN	" With three kids the same age , I always expected a handful .
tr	NN	She tossed the pillow aside , threw back the covers , and groaned when she saw she 'd slept in the dress from the night before .
tr	NN	Lia twirled her ponytail around her index finger .
tr	NNS	" I 've got the city cameras , and I 've dialed into the video feed from your earpiece .
tr	NNS	Claire swiped her damp palms on her new , black pants .
tr	NN	When the winch pulled it tight and it held , Zane could see Ty 's shoulders slump in relief .
tr	NNS	I pictured bits and pieces of a happy and fulfil ing life that I suddenly looked forward to .
tr	NN	I didn 't expect a welcoming committee . "
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to roll her eyes at his modesty .
tr	NNS	You and your family screwed up his chances of surviving .
tr	NN	I poured the gold liquid into the glass , feeling like a pro by the time I 'd finished .
tr	NN	I cocked the bat back and readied for a home run swing .
tr	NNS	Finally he saw the torches which marked the closed east gate of the city , and he took his bearings from them .
tr	NNS	Michael had chosen some strappy sandals to go with them and she pulled her hair high up on her head .
tr	NNS	He plugged the numbers in , just as Ashe had , and sure enough , he got through .
tr	NN	Gavin had only placed a slight compulsion since the bartender seemed more than willing to answer questions .
tr	NN	I accepted my fate and let it consume me . "
tr	NN	" I like sexy lingerie . "
tr	NNS	I just offered hugs and support , and hopefully she 'll find some other work soon .
tr	NN	I tapped the lid on top of my cup .
tr	NNS	" In total we supply approximately two million planets with cats . "
tr	NNS	He hadn 't gone more than twenty paces before he felt a weakness in his limbs and a slight nausea in his stomach .
tr	NN	Dante felt his fist clench .
tr	NN	She let out a groan .
tr	NNS	The Irishman 's voice drew nearer .
tr	NNS	" Well , we know Sean 's priorities today . "
tr	NN	Remember the incident of the ruined shoes ? "
tr	NN	He lifted his tankard and drained it without once taking it from his lips .
tr	NNS	I have finals . "
tr	NN	When asked about this , he replied , " Cop ' um , I love all the fish in the sea .
tr	NNS	I discovered artifacts that had the power to slow the process . "
tr	NN	Clearly she was buying her contribution to today 's cookout .
tr	NNS	" They sold you some lies , Blondie .
tr	NN	Izzy places the teacup on the table .
tr	NN	You finish that juice and get back to bed . "
tr	NNS	He patted his pockets .
tr	NN	We will not allow harm to come her way again . "
tr	NNS	Normally , they only lowered their mental defenses to have vampire sex .
tr	NNS	I hear the breath hiss through his teeth .
tr	NN	With only the thin layer of her gauze skirt between them , she felt every millimeter of his arousal .
tr	NNS	He employed bodyguards , personal drivers and teams .
tr	NN	That clairvoyance would halt her beach libido and keep her legs closed .
tr	NNS	Possibly it was holding long knives or swords , but there was no evidence it even had hands .
tr	NNS	In doing so , he had committed terrible atrocities .
tr	NN	They had never discussed the possibility of her becoming a vampire .
tr	NNS	" I love roses .
tr	NN	Pushing them up with his hands , Lucien licked a tender nipple , watching it pucker as the cool air drifted across the wet peak .
tr	NN	" Can you read this code ? "
tr	NN	Devlin held his belly and laughed .
tr	NN	" And you consider my son an opponent ? "
tr	NN	Maryanne felt a strong urge to brush the hair from his forehead , to touch him , but she resisted .
tr	NN	I picked up the black marker off the center island and wrote on my palm , " She dumped you for a fucking stockbroker . "
tr	NNS	Soon they 'd know all our tricks ; and if the horde won over the rest to the idea of extinguishing the human race , well .
tr	NNS	Her rage had left her breathless .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to smile and instead shifted automatically so that his body blocked them from view of the rest of the room .
tr	NN	I hear her undressing , singing to her lover as " He Moves Through the Fair , " and I wonder who it 's meant for .
tr	NNS	" Lot of folks had accidents around these parts lately .
tr	NNS	He suffered terrible nightmares , which meant he tried to avoid sleep altogether -- snoozing no more than a couple of hours a night .
tr	NN	I felt the color drain from my own face and travel over to Jules ' red hot cheeks .
tr	NN	Not to mention " outlook " ?
tr	NN	Most animals display territorial behaviour .
tr	NNS	I counted the paces as I walked .
tr	NNS	I narrow my eyelashes into the dark room for more much better eye viewing .
tr	NNS	" You have other talents . "
tr	NN	And so they show their respect for you . "
tr	NN	He opened his briefcase .
tr	NN	" Out of all the stuff I told you , you question timing , and only timing ? "
tr	NNS	She had lost her goggles in the collapse , and she could barely open her eyes against the cold .
tr	NNS	" Christ , I can see your tits . "
tr	NNS	The others had heard the shots and they were coming .
tr	NNS	Haig has 4 completed novels and 4 additional started novels plus 2 sequels all in various stages of gestation .
tr	NN	she whispered , fury raging behind her eyes .
tr	NNS	They may be testing the defenses and he suspected that a larger force was preparing for a bigger assault .
tr	NNS	He had stacks of books on two end tables and an open one on the coffee table .
tr	NNS	I bared my fangs and launched myself at the taller rogue , knocking him to the floor .
tr	NNS	Digging through the laundry , he found Isaac three pairs of jeans , five shirts , and a pair of pajamas .
tr	NNS	Some threw keenly aimed daggers to slice through the ropes that bound Pietro to the cross , while others stood ready to catch him .
tr	NN	" Once the lab .
tr	NN	I showed her the sketch Aisling had given me and the graphic that I had found on my computer for the posters .
tr	NNS	She cut the cards into three piles .
tr	NNS	Did you compile that data ? "
tr	NNS	To prevent the dogs from turning on their masters , if you will .
tr	NNS	But I didn 't trust my father 's motives , and I certainly wouldn 't want to owe him a debt .
tr	NN	Gabriel felt genuine sorrow for his part in causing her loneliness .
tr	NN	He had heard the argument and the only thing that surprised him was how easy it was to accept Bickel 's summation .
tr	NN	She wore an elaborately embroidered pale red gown with a yellow underskirt .
tr	NNS	I could see their biceps straining against their black t-shirt sleeves .
tr	NN	Henry sets his fork down and wipes his mouth .
tr	NNS	A hard tap lands over my shoulder , and I jerk because I know what 's coming .
tr	NNS	" I gave her animal powers .
tr	NN	Brice read the terror in the man 's face and forgot to continue calling for security .
tr	NNS	" And we 'll be giving regular reports to Mr. Winkler and the Director . "
tr	NNS	In the beam of his headlights , I saw two houses set in a large lawn , which ended at the water 's edge .
tr	NN	I 'll not have any further patience or tolerance for any slight against her whatsoever . "
tr	NNS	The driver 's window lowered two inches , and a slim hand emerged with the index finger straight up in the air .
tr	NNS	Did you get my texts ? "
tr	NN	The spirit changes her countenance .
tr	NN	I wanted closure ; I wanted Jake to let me go so I could move on .
tr	NN	Pointing my phone above me , I saw nobody .
tr	NNS	" I bring reinforcements . "
tr	NNS	She held the balls spinning in the air for a minute or two .
tr	NNS	Give a robot too many rights and no one 's going to want to buy one , eh ? "
tr	NNS	But he rubbed his temples with both hands and stared at the floor in front of him .
tr	NNS	She slammed the daggers into the sides of the Stricken 's head and then ripped them from his temples quickly .
tr	NNS	You get all sorts here . "
tr	NNS	God , I hated bugs .
tr	NN	" A GP affiliate must have taken it , " he said , disgust in his voice .
tr	NN	What skills does he bring to the table ? "
tr	NNS	" More than half our scouts survive their first ten missions .
tr	NNS	Do you have any photographs of him ?
tr	NNS	When whatever had killed the bear finished with its hacking , it pushed the carcass over the cliff edge .
tr	NN	One that sounded too much like jealousy .
tr	NNS	I would stop up the gaps , but I am wearing all the cloth I have .
tr	NN	she wondered , wide-eyed - and a nearly transparent curtain .
tr	NNS	But I don 't read the gossip rags .
tr	NNS	Perhaps she could kill two birds with one proverbial stone .
tr	NNS	Though I think you guys use boogie boards . "
tr	NN	And she would not even have the option of following him to the afterlife .
tr	NNS	Somehow , Eli had gotten the fireflies to come back one last time .
tr	NN	The good-looking , young man made such a bold gesture in suggesting that she should allow him to sell the house .
tr	NN	Let 's get your mop fixed . "
tr	NN	He gave her the official version of Mike 's death , starting at the gas station and working his way up and through the funeral .
tr	NN	She whipped off her multicolored apron and ran to the employees ' bathroom for her purse .
tr	NNS	" Stop sending doubts into my mind .
tr	NNS	Marcus must have heard the marshals ' reactions , too , because he didn 't try to reclaim Della this time .
tr	NNS	Most of the people glared down their noses at her .
tr	NN	" All my friends were already graduating a semester ahead of me .
tr	NN	Oriole tapped her pencil against her teeth .
tr	NNS	" Twenty million dollars ? "
tr	NN	Since we 're making such a small batch we only need one tenth of a gram and one hundred milliliters of the forming solution .
tr	NN	Scott puts his fork down and says angrily , " They 've been told not to come onto our property . "
tr	NNS	All the while , the high-pitched gremlin voice buzzed frantically a few inches from my face .
tr	NNS	My creditors would have rights to my share . '
tr	NN	They really had no other option .
tr	NNS	The President and McCreary had been tallying up the American losses , well over 30,000 military and civilian personnel obliterated in one fell swoop .
tr	NN	She could see the admiration in his eyes .
tr	NNS	I took a few more deep breaths until my shaking stopped .
tr	NN	Joey took the yoke in her hands without hesitation .
tr	NNS	I have no chores to claim my time or my talents .
tr	NNS	I stopped a few inches away .
tr	NN	My heart needed protection .
tr	NNS	But don 't take any chances .
tr	NN	In my palm I can feel the echo of her pulse , standing in for the absence of mine .
tr	NN	She had hit the nail on the head .
tr	NN	I appreciated the gesture .
tr	NNS	" At some point can you make biscuits and gravy ?
tr	NNS	" I 've made some lovely cucumber sandwiches . "
tr	NN	Now we know their location . "
tr	NNS	I saw a deer in the road ahead .
tr	NN	Melly looked up at her , her round face a version of Victoria 's own narrower , more elegant one .
tr	NNS	She 'd had a few tough breaks of her own and didn 't need him to make her situation any worse .
tr	NN	' Sweet fancy crap ! '
tr	NNS	I can 't miss the wariness of her tone , two simple words riddled with uncertainty .
tr	NNS	Too bad the vending machines didn 't dispense frozen treats .
tr	NNS	He held his blades against our own , with his gray face showing little to no effort , " Huh ... so that 's how it is .
tr	NN	I have a block against looking for someplace new .
tr	NN	He kicked over the basket of marble stones and began to stomp away .
tr	NN	came the thunderous command .
tr	NNS	The contact of his flesh on mine brought the marks of Apollyon out like nothing else .
tr	NN	She would have preferred a task that had something to do with killing demons or chopping off Sebastian 's legs , but this was better than nothing .
tr	NN	It would create a paradox .
tr	NNS	Angelina , hidden in her bedroom , didn 't need the cards to interpret their torn lives .
tr	NNS	With such power I shall make the leaders of the Earth bow before me and rule all that is . "
tr	NN	I ignored the topic of hierarchies .
tr	NNS	Only hers had more ribbons , bows and sequins .
tr	NN	She found a usable thicket not a stone 's throw from the helper and the little girl .
tr	NNS	Throughout the afternoon , Trot never left the mattress .
tr	NNS	Sighing softly , Ashe picked up his chopsticks .
tr	NNS	Today they had baked several fruit pies and had set them all on the kitchen windowsills to cool .
tr	NNS	He didn 't notice the throw rugs in bright tropical colors or the sunlight glancing in through the front windows to lie on the gleaming tile floor .
tr	NNS	" I haven 't found any olives that I like . "
tr	NNS	Did Romania get earthquakes ?
tr	NNS	I can only remember bits and pieces of last night , but I 'm pretty sure that I got drunk .
tr	NN	Melody pulled the pistol from the pack and tried to sling the belt around her waist .
tr	NN	I 'm transmitting an alternate transponder code now and we don 't want to draw suspicion from air traffic control .
tr	NN	I felt a certain grudging admiration for someone who would pursue a case with such relentless determination .
tr	NN	I 've had an urge to do just that ever since and that 's not going to change if you want to slow down . "
tr	NNS	" Enjoy your stay , Mr. and Mrs. Rivers . "
tr	NN	She pulled her dagger from her side and slashed backward .
tr	NN	He put down the large backpack and removed a sizeable drill , quickly and precisely detaching the corners of a tapered grate .
tr	NNS	The mic has suddenly discovered ' technical difficulties . '
tr	NNS	A stripe of dark hair ran from the top of each one 's head and down between their shoulder blades .
tr	NN	We probably know two dozen of the same people .
tr	NN	Sally brushed back a strand of hair that had fallen in front of her eye , and Cassie noticed her hand tremble .
tr	NNS	Fate tidied up the formalities .
tr	NN	Teague carefully braced his rifle , then turned on the thermal scope and put his eve to it .
tr	NN	Chapter 5 Neil reached the dryness of the wooden porch just ahead of another flash and crack of lightning .
tr	NN	She felt the queen 's detached certainty , the gathering tension as claws swept toward Amara 's throat .
tr	NN	She returned his earlier gesture , rolling her hand for him to continue .
tr	NN	Des bumps into me , gives me a good shove , and I fall through the wall that 's not there .
tr	NNS	Ah yes , as for apologies , we don 't want apologies .
tr	NNS	Mike raised his hands palms out in a gesture of conciliation .
tr	NNS	Her grandmother lifted the goggles from her head and stared at Courtney in puzzlement .
tr	NNS	" What trick tunnels ? "
tr	NNS	" Keller checks the runners again ... here 's the windup ... and here we go !
tr	NN	He finished packing and turned to leave the room .
tr	NN	She positioned her handbag in her lap with her hands over it ; a bad sign Martin thought .
tr	NNS	" From the permanent waters on Kenya 's Masai Mara Game Reserve .
tr	NN	One of them was wearing a stained vest with the legend ' Wagga Hay - it 's the Rye Grass ! '
tr	NNS	" Stewart has always given me the creeps . "
tr	NN	Why were the Ancients , the benevolent Druid spirits , dictating her destiny by sending her into the future now ?
tr	NN	He heard traffic from the road outside .
tr	NN	None of you really wants justice or you would 've got some by now .
tr	NN	She stifled a groan .
tr	NN	Brax holding me has a calming effect .
tr	NN	" Keep digging ! "
tr	NNS	" I 'll explain the basics . "
tr	NN	Her blows had no effect .
tr	NN	" Magistrate wanted a culprit .
tr	NNS	He posted photographs of the Master and little Charles on the walls , along with Charles 's drawing in pastel chalk .
tr	NNS	And redoubled his efforts to get her free .
tr	NNS	She had purposely worn dark slacks and a light silk blouse to work so she could change back into them after volleyball .
tr	NNS	I stumble backwards and hit my head against the sharp edge of the sink .
tr	NN	I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around myself .
tr	NNS	Caroline had imagined fifteen different possible outcomes of this task and strategized how she would handle his reaction .
tr	NNS	He did funny tricks with his fingers pretending to remove them .
tr	NN	Anton raised the brown liquid to his lips and closed his nose while he put it in his mouth .
tr	NN	Yogurt or leftover pizza ?
tr	NN	The chimp was still brandishing his dagger .
tr	NN	He held out the document .
tr	NNS	I could list more excuses , but a mind that is set against accomplishing its goals will always have a fresh one close at hand .
tr	NN	I set up the perimeter monitor . "
tr	NNS	Two servants brought out various breakfast items , and set them on the table .
tr	NNS	" We may have the numbers you need . "
tr	NNS	Andrew smiled thinly but said nothing .
tr	NNS	The taste of him still invaded her senses .
tr	NN	Slowly , I removed my towel , letting it pile onto the floor at my feet .
tr	NN	She carefully butted the magazine into place .
tr	NNS	" I 've got five younger sisters and four older brothers .
tr	NNS	I test my powers , forming a small rose before our eyes and spinning it in a slow circle .
tr	NNS	He also had the salt , pepper and mustard pots in front of him .
tr	NN	" And give you my business proposition . "
tr	NNS	At the eastern gate there stood two tall sentries , clad in Steel armor with spears at their sides .
tr	NNS	" They 'd relegate First Family tales to the bottom of the pile of acceptable literature .
tr	NN	She snatched the pass port out of his hand and looked down .
tr	NNS	Like there were four party hats and one had seven stripes instead of six .
tr	NNS	Other Browns corralled the still living victims toward the nets .
tr	NN	I opened the fridge looking for a snack .
tr	NNS	Now take a few deep breaths and calm down .
tr	NN	She 'd changed her hairstyle , too ; now she wore it shorter and parted on the side .
tr	NNS	Ben usually joined these initial meetings , Dr. Rudolph told her last Friday , when he also told her that Ben would not be there .
tr	NNS	Emily pressed her palms to her eyes .
tr	NN	The lion snapped up the trap I had set out for it in a millisecond and began eyeing me up .
tr	NN	I swallow the bubble of laughter inside my chest and fight the smile my lips are twitching into .
tr	NNS	Areas around southern and eastern Manhattan had fires that were several miles wide and were only stopped when they reached a body of water .
tr	NN	He took a cloth and wiped her face , and then he kissed her forehead .
tr	NN	Let 's just get outta here before it comes back ! "
tr	NN	" Well , they shut down their whole operation when the second person got ill .
tr	NN	" You will attend the trial ? "
tr	NNS	And gun lovers had contacts regular people did not .
tr	NN	Sean nodded his approval , grudging respect in his eyes as he stared back at Rusty .
tr	NN	He gradually lowered his resistance and fear and allowed her to lead him submissively through the forest .
tr	NN	" And they don 't get lung cancer . "
tr	NNS	Not responding would only confirm her suspicions , if she had any , so I raised my eyebrows in silent inquiry .
tr	NN	Seeing us side by side , I now saw my uncanny resemblance to her .
tr	NNS	They found their bikes and casually rolled back out the side entrance and disappeared rather quickly down an alternate route for bicycles only .
tr	NN	He has intelligence and feelings just like us . "
tr	NN	" Escort the wagon to the warehouse , then return to the manse .
tr	NNS	" Why use two sites ? "
tr	NN	He delicately pulled the duct tape away , wincing and quietly squeaking as he did so .
tr	NN	Nodding , the girl handed him the damp linen she had been using to bathe Helen 's back and turned to slip silently out of the room .
tr	NNS	He tossed the reins down .
tr	NN	People move down the arcade , going in and out of shops , and they stop to chatter to each other .
tr	NN	First I get a glimpse of the blond braid down her back .
tr	NN	" We found a sizeable tumor inside Ginny 's head .
tr	NN	She undid her blouse , her dress , bodice , shift , all falling away into a pile on the floor .
tr	NN	She liked the niche she had carved out for herself .
tr	NNS	They are following the tracks far into the jungle .
tr	NN	But she wouldn 't have left the boutique where she worked unless it was important .
tr	NNS	She lubricated her palms and then curled her hands around him .
tr	NN	I 'll get my trust fund .
tr	NN	Yes , Shane had given us a glare .
tr	NNS	I will keep my diaries there instead of my other hiding places .
tr	NN	" Pick out a nice little outfit and let 's get going . "
tr	NN	" You have a duty to our people to produce as many offspring as you can , while you can . "
tr	NN	Jace shot a glare at Simon ; his eyes were very dark .
tr	NN	" Obviously you 're not having too much success on your own , so it 's time someone stepped in and helped you . "
tr	NN	After a quick change , Liz tucked the gown away , and searched the ground for the sacred stone .
tr	NNS	She gave him their addresses .
tr	NN	In return , we promised him a live buffalo .
tr	NNS	" Then perhaps you should not question my actions .
tr	NN	What if fate had finally taken pity on him after all these wretched years ?
tr	NNS	" I 've got some meetings anyway . "
tr	NNS	" Hmm , I love stewed octopus . "
tr	NN	Just two centuries ago , he sent a troop , but I was able to get away . "
tr	NNS	He dropped the carcass to the soft snow .
tr	NNS	The girls dropped their backpacks and purses and headed straight for the kitchen .
tr	NN	The screaming in the stadium had reached a crescendo now .
tr	NN	I even risked a tantrum .
tr	NN	The murderous urge returned , along with another , stronger urge to claim her .
tr	NNS	" They 're making the spears so that they can kill him without paying as dearly to do it . "
tr	NN	Grief had matured her , had given her the depth of feeling with which she loved Kell .
tr	NN	" Don 't invade her privacy , Cassandra .
tr	NN	Michael grabbed his backpack and unzipped it , then took everything out .
tr	NN	Her smoothly bloated features gave her face an ageless quality .
tr	NNS	He had learned centuries ago that there was little point .
tr	NN	He patted the heavy trunk beside them .
tr	NN	He judged the low block he was staring at to be perhaps a street or two further back than the houses opposite them on the terraced street .
tr	NN	I resisted every urge I had to cup her cheek again .
tr	NNS	Sean has claw marks down his chest and I nipped his nipple a little too hard .
tr	NNS	I cursed the islands , for they were cursed already .
tr	NNS	Lindy levitated a few inches off the ground .
tr	NN	She said a silent prayer to the Order for help in either case .
tr	NN	Ryan and I hauled butt into the Common .
tr	NN	I spent the winter trying to figure out which .
tr	NN	I had just opened the fridge to get my organic milk when a door opened and closed somewhere in the house .
tr	NNS	I feel his ribs . "
tr	NN	She 'd only held Eliza 's revolver once and couldn 't remember how to check the chamber .
tr	NN	Sam withdrew the ramrod with the rag , now black , and picked up the kettle of water again .
tr	NNS	You have boy germs . "
tr	NNS	I can see auras , the body 's energy and life-force .
tr	NNS	For one thing , he couldn 't offer them prayer assignments .
tr	NN	Jasmine recognized his arousal , but she sensed negative emotion , too .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't exactly had the best role models .
tr	NN	He had given them the greatest , and most powerful instrument that they could have asked for . "
tr	NN	A chill ran up my spine , making every hair stand on end .
tr	NNS	They don 't have live bands in California ? "
tr	NN	Let 's get the equipment out . "
tr	NN	Gene reset the game clock four more times as he thrashed and stumbled his way through the woods .
tr	NNS	He probed delicately into the chest , moving aside lobes of the lungs to expose the heart and the various glands .
tr	NNS	He kicked the sweats off , leaving him gloriously naked .
tr	NNS	" What about the harbor seal tissue samples I sent ? "
tr	NN	Jan had chocolate cherry cake and Cindy ordered cheesecake with strawberries .
tr	NN	She caught the breeze in her wings and used it to lift her higher on her feet so that she could not be heard .
tr	NN	" How about we order pizza ? "
tr	NNS	Their sharp claws made shredding noises as they tore large chunks of bark from the poor bleeding tree .
tr	NN	Pinch his thigh , drawl blood .
tr	NNS	Jonas saw the wariness in Verity 's eyes and tried a reassuring smile .
tr	NN	He returned the pistol to its holster , significantly easing the tension in the room .
tr	NNS	I scuttled past shuttered boat yards and yacht brokers up to the boulevard and over to my patient Rabbit , now alone in the public lot .
tr	NN	The rocket was commencing a landing on Earth .
tr	NNS	Rausch knelt beside her , his face only inches from hers .
tr	NNS	Apparently not , but we cannot overlook your lackadaisical teachings .
tr	NN	A sudden fear crawled down his spine as he recalled Sally 's reference to the Dark Lord assisting her with the spell .
tr	NNS	I 'll take my chances .
tr	NN	How people miss the relevance of stupidities as catalyst of wisdom .
tr	NNS	You might have had a dozen such robots . "
tr	NN	Rhyme grabbed a cloth from his pocket and began to shine the figurines .
tr	NNS	Chance and Jesse both requested beers , but Jesse said the can was fine for him .
tr	NN	" I am sorry my lord .
tr	NNS	She didn 't like bullies .
tr	NNS	" Like that chick who was so beautiful she sunk a thousand ships . "
tr	NN	Did you get the info ? "
tr	NNS	Giving a loud , high-pitched , feminine cry , Evans leaped backwards .
tr	NN	I crack my knuckles against the table and then pop my neck .
tr	NNS	An unseen force that drew people to him , brought out their strengths , and then forged an unbreakable bond .
tr	NN	As a dimensional inspector I worked with tolerances daily to me its means something within acceptable limits thus I transfer this meaning to my everyday life .
tr	NN	He opens a drawer and pulls out a vinyl case , which he unwraps on the surface of the desk .
tr	NN	He took the towel from her hands and started cleaning the front of her dress .
tr	NN	And in that moment he had a bad epiphany .
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths in and out .
tr	NN	The sound of the girl 's musical voice was not helping my imagination .
tr	NN	King Ine twisted his beard around his finger .
tr	NNS	At least she liked dogs .
tr	NNS	Peter was putting away his magic items and answering questions from the curious children .
tr	NN	She took out a pen and a scrap of paper from her purse .
tr	NNS	She picked up a few photographs from the pile .
tr	NNS	Higher murals featured wizards on land , harnessing the elements to attack cities , combat armies , and battle monsters .
tr	NN	I patted my belly .
tr	NNS	Nobody lost points for going the wrong way at first in a maze .
tr	NN	You know , some random crap to make everyone go blind trying to figure it out . "
tr	NN	And you cut my budget twice .
tr	NN	He displayed great affection towards Mrs. Bidwell , and he also apologized for his awkward attempts to watch Terrance 's back door , so to speak .
tr	NN	I wake up every day and go to do the only work available for all men my age ... construction .
tr	NNS	' Come in and seat yourselves by the fire .
tr	NNS	I mashed my sweaty palms against my jeans .
tr	NNS	I can , however , assure you Detective Gregory , I have no aspirations of dating Miss Hunter .
tr	NNS	And if I was on my own , would the Alchemists - or my father - help fund college classes ?
tr	NN	The big , leather-clad man unhooked the rope and let them through , raising a chorus of groans and protests from those waiting in line .
tr	NN	He was long preparing this design , and he spoke not openly of it , yet it could not be hidden from all .
tr	NNS	But Grenville had hand-picked his servants -- though , he confided later , he had made a grave mistake with the butler .
tr	NN	I squeezed the shaft and kissed him hard , thrusting my tongue into his mouth .
tr	NNS	Lambert rubbed his temples and stared at the floor .
tr	NN	He lifted the brim of his hat .
tr	NN	Thank goodness it was only a bad dream !
tr	NN	I didn 't use a fake passport and I damned sure didn 't try to smuggle in drugs and a gun .
tr	NNS	She opened the last few cards and finally joined the line at the buffet for pizza .
tr	NN	Without another word , Cole kicks the ignition and we fly forward , careening down the road and leaving my doubts in the dust .
tr	NNS	I needed Jess there .
tr	NN	Do you know the joy you 've brought me ?
tr	NNS	" Gail gave me butterflies .
tr	NN	If I ever find you on the street , I 'll teach you a lesson in respect that will have you begging me for death ! "
tr	NNS	Lea stumbled back a few paces and managed to scowl at him , but even that did little to help harden her wavering nerve .
tr	NN	" Was the verdict read , your verdict ? "
tr	NN	CHAPTER 14 Meet me in the freezer section I immediately commandeered a shopping cart and hit the aisles when we got to the store .
tr	NNS	Others wore military uniforms .
tr	NN	But she gave him no argument .
tr	NN	No way he 'd sacrifice his independence by living off the trust set up for him as a child .
tr	NN	She 'd struck a chord inside him , a frustration of his own .
tr	NNS	He removed his boxers , lying down completely naked next to me .
tr	NN	The outcome will follow the design no matter what you do . '
tr	NN	She sipped her juice .
tr	NNS	Ash 's body was tense against mine , muscles coiled bands under his skin .
tr	NNS	Presley dated bikers , many of whom were ex-cons , so she had more than a few scary stories about them , too .
tr	NN	Pausing , Sam turned a glare on her .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	" I don 't see any clouds . "
tr	NN	I cannot trust my judgement right now ... ' ' What thought ?
tr	NN	Surely I deserve that much consideration .
tr	NNS	I loved old houses but I think Ms. Thompson might have ruined this one for me .
tr	NNS	I have taken measures to ensure they know that I know .
tr	NN	After a short pause , Carolyn slowly straightened and opened a drawer , pulling out her checkbook .
tr	NNS	We don 't share meals .
tr	NN	I got ta cop some Z 's , Sergeant Ducky .
tr	NN	Jack studied the handful of vehicles in the casino parking lot , looking for anything that seemed off .
tr	NN	She loved jewelry and it had an assortment of jewelry inside .
tr	NN	Her soft lips kissed my temple .
tr	NNS	Knox puts a hand on my right hip and slowly inches forward to my lower stomach .
tr	NNS	Safe in his own room , he felt the loneliness already pressing down on him .
tr	NN	Isaiah pulls out the bagel and I take it as the need to bounce again returns .
tr	NN	Damien could sense the indecision in his growl , but also his overconfident sincerity .
tr	NN	" The sheets seemed clean , thank goodness .
tr	NNS	I 'd already made two hundred dollars and that was mostly from the lunch crowd .
tr	NN	All but one wore a precisely tailored uniform and terminally bored faces .
tr	NN	Jason gave me a little squeeze .
tr	NNS	Staying in all the best hotels .
tr	NNS	Within three months he had enticed several more experts from both the European Space Authority and NASA to join him .
tr	NNS	Just as they began their war dance , he heard noises from one of the clay huts .
tr	NNS	He was shooting daggers at his brother while fixing me with nothing but charm and smiles . '
tr	NNS	Something about Martin discouraged such offers .
tr	NN	She clutched the knob of the screen door , clinging to it for support .
tr	NNS	Which one of you is conducting the final interviews ? "
tr	NNS	He 's led several successful , high-priority missions and has earned our respect .
tr	NN	We ordered pizza and cuddled on the couch to watch television .
tr	NNS	" When we got here , we ... picked our human forms , melding our DNA in a way , but we can look like anyone . "
tr	NN	Spike pulled a second slice of toast from the fire .
tr	NNS	I only have a few hundred dollars to my name . "
tr	NN	Nick let a small smile stretch across his face .
tr	NNS	And devouring our late companions .
tr	NNS	I actually didn 't mind her hugs .
tr	NN	Frankly , none of the others had any talent , either .
tr	NN	Each space had a collection of hammocks and cots hung upon the beams .
tr	NNS	I can still hear the noises , the screams -- fresh in my mind as though I had watched it only yesterday .
tr	NNS	I imagined them close up , their hopeless jaws and teeth chewing on food that was not yet there to sustain them .
tr	NNS	I 've got a few tricks up my sleeve . "
tr	NNS	She 'd booked their first tour 's gigs all over the States and felt relief knowing she 'd not have to worry .
tr	NN	I didn 't really feel the needle going in , despite its large size .
tr	NN	I jerk back my hand guiltily and turn to see Luca Lowell .
tr	NNS	We settled in , passing containers back and forth and shovelling food into our mouths with those thin , store provided chopsticks .
tr	NN	" I 'll take the second option . "
tr	NN	We must continue our acquaintance sometime in the not too distant future . "
tr	NN	Ethan examined the monitor above him .
tr	NNS	Anyway , as soon as I know , I 'll make arrangements for Anita and the kids to join me , wherever it is .
tr	NNS	This place gave her the creeps .
tr	NNS	They included leaders in their respective fields , many Nobel Prize winners .
tr	NN	" I 'll wait til we get home . "
tr	NN	I had much hunger . "
tr	NNS	She probably had the latest quarterly reports for each of the Big Four .
tr	NNS	So Morgan 's goons were using these buildings for something .
tr	NNS	" Then I 'll make the arrangements .
tr	NN	It had a strange quality .
tr	NNS	" Because the jail in Salem was overflowing with accused witches .
tr	NNS	People always had ulterior motives .
tr	NNS	" I adore court dances . "
tr	NNS	Everything he was rebelled , hard knots twisted in his gut .
tr	NNS	He yelled out many obscenities but he didn 't repeat any one of them twice .
tr	NN	A cold shiver ran down her spine .
tr	NN	Jenn threw a towel at her , and Devon caught it , feeling shocked .
tr	NNS	He had a few scratches but he 'd live , at least until the jury returned with a verdict .
tr	NNS	Maybe Gretchen had misjudged her mental capabilities .
tr	NNS	From bulbous bases , stalks formed thick flat-topped umbrellas , with fine filaments draping from them .
tr	NN	Something about him dripped venom , even though he hadn 't spoken .
tr	NNS	Not to mention the generations who will be robbed of a prime natural environment for the sake of - " " Yes , yes . "
tr	NN	Add a dash of international terrorism , and management became virtually impossible , not least because the Military inevitably became involved on top of everyone else .
tr	NNS	He changes subjects and says , " Looks like that little white girl is thinking about an abortion .
tr	NNS	Everyone seemed to be quietly weighing the scale of catastrophe , all faces mirrors of the same dread and anxiety .
tr	NNS	Rounding the staircase leading upward , he passes massive cogs utilizing a river to power the gears .
tr	NN	He felt her body shudder .
tr	NN	Alaina let out a groan and then waited a moment , and groaned again .
tr	NNS	The main lobby had marble floors and gold accessories .
tr	NNS	When he closed his eyes on the rising sun , he felt gut-wrenching agony crawling through her body , through his body .
tr	NNS	We made the appropriate bye-bye noises , waiting until her car pulled away before we spoke .
tr	NNS	Eat up those chocolates or they will go to waste . '
tr	NN	Hanna already had her punishment , after all .
tr	NNS	I have skills , Tim , and experience .
tr	NN	Losing patience , Callum resisted the urge to growl and yanked the conversation back on track .
tr	NNS	Your thugs hurt my babies .
tr	NNS	I abandoned my fears and decided to think , really think , about how I could survive .
tr	NN	His chuckle sent fury into her eyes .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to flee .
tr	NN	She moaned a soft protest when he drew away .
tr	NN	When it dawned on him that the possibility of his hands literally being severed off was rather high , he regretted the comparison .
tr	NN	Or are we talking fixed capacity ?
tr	NNS	I avoid the ugly politics .
tr	NNS	Her acceptance filled an emptiness inside him .
tr	NNS	I called into the emptiness , " Can you hear me ? "
tr	NNS	Do your folks still live around here ? "
tr	NNS	Only I can order my bugs to willingly release their hosts .
tr	NN	Lamont said , " Then just help me find my proof .
tr	NN	" What others call karma . "
tr	NN	I then disabled every escape pod on the ship with a thought .
tr	NN	Tad , as physician , maintained his death room vigil .
tr	NN	She would understand and value a Queen who could stand against Dorothea .
tr	NN	I felt a nuclear blast of awareness so keenly that I almost lost my breath .
tr	NNS	Grave surveyed the buildings surrounding them .
tr	NNS	The smoke I inhaled burned the insides of my nose .
tr	NN	Randa and I named her Cammie .
tr	NN	It evoked a gurgle of gleeful amusement .
tr	NN	Take an example -- alright , why not take a drink as well as an example ?
tr	NN	I 'll take any advice you can give me that would help me get whatever I want from her . "
tr	NNS	I guess the only objections they encountered had to do with the haste at which we were moving .
tr	NNS	I flipped my own cards over , and my brain cataloged the result .
tr	NN	' If you 'd allow Proper Printing 's details to be added to your posters and flyers we 'd happily waive the cost of them .
tr	NN	But I saw the twitch of the drapes and knew you were gone .
tr	NNS	Neil pushed coins into the slot and dialed Matt 's number from memory .
tr	NN	Myka spotted his uncle and ran down the gangplank .
tr	NNS	The room had recently undergone renovations , including new equipment and furniture .
tr	NN	He had reintroduced the mode of rickshaw transportation to the islands .
tr	NN	" Call the abort !
tr	NN	He had barely finished the task when she turned back to the table , her expression one of utter annoyance .
tr	NN	I faked a yawn .
tr	NNS	Hit follows my directions , and the phase drive pulls through me .
tr	NNS	Maybe I have many layers . "
tr	NN	A man 's voice interrupted the celebration .
tr	NN	He gave that quite long consideration before he spoke again .
tr	NN	He would help her purge even more of the demon toxin .
tr	NN	None of them matched the sketch .
tr	NNS	Thanks to the bright light in the chamber , she could make out the exact dimensions of the two monsters ' restricted spaces .
tr	NN	Mage Queen Challis wore a beautiful blue gown with a tight bodice revealing the shoulders .
tr	NN	And yes we have the equipment and resources . '
tr	NNS	The boys found dates for the Founders ' Day Dance and I was able to share in their excitement , just a little .
tr	NN	I have a proposal which may interest you .
tr	NNS	He could hear noises from the bathroom but the bedroom was empty .
tr	NNS	She tossed back the covers and took the time to dress the man in a hospital gown .
tr	NN	Does he have a cap and gown ?
tr	NN	He made a huff and flexed his whiskers forward , a sign that he disagreed .
tr	NNS	I don 't remember many hugs . "
tr	NNS	I heard someone yell .
tr	NN	Then she could continue the quest on her own .
tr	NN	Everyone has the potential to be extraordinary .
tr	NN	Tristan leaned against the door then finally turned to face me , pizza in hand .
tr	NN	he commanded the cub .
tr	NN	I finally meet the granddaughter of Melissa Stanley .
tr	NN	I removed the jack , jack handle , and tire iron from the back of my truck and threw them to the ground .
tr	NN	He stroked a patch of dried mud from her cheek .
tr	NN	Barrett had a condo on the upper floor of a building overlooking the FSU campus .
tr	NN	He found a vial of thick crystal and deposited a drop of the viscous , black blood within .
tr	NNS	His bare feet chill on the snow covered cold tiles .
tr	NN	Everything about the massive building screamed Sixties style , despite the constant efforts to update the interior .
tr	NN	" To preserve your seed . "
tr	NNS	" You owe me five dollars . "
tr	NNS	Good folks and good friends as well as our closest neighbors . "
tr	NN	How do you feed yer men folk ?
tr	NNS	She had good instincts for interrogation , and sometimes fed me lines .
tr	NN	He shifted the pillow under his leg and flipped through TV channels .
tr	NN	But first , before you leave , grab a jar of NIL for yourself , and another one , both free of charge .
tr	NNS	Blackie also enjoys the big pastures and companionship with Duke , Uncle Henry 's horse .
tr	NNS	Clouds over seas ; and glimpses of land .
tr	NNS	" The agent has two houses lined up on this side of town .
tr	NNS	He 's taking chances he shouldn 't . "
tr	NN	Just then , just for a moment , just when he had given up , he saw it , a tiny curtain of green .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to follow .
tr	NN	" What the fuck was that ? "
tr	NNS	Visible wiring next to the door confirmed his suspicions .
tr	NN	Obviously , he did have contacts , other rich businessmen who could help fully fund her clinic .
tr	NNS	Like those late-night infant whimpers and whispers that only a mother heard , each elusive sound sent Dee 's maternal instincts on full-scale alert .
tr	NN	So if you don 't help , Casey and I will be eating hot , grilled fish .
tr	NNS	She flipped some pages in her calendar .
tr	NN	I have a customer that may need some medical help . "
tr	NN	I found my joy , the kind that makes your heart feel like it 's overflowing , in helping other artists ' dreams come true . "
tr	NNS	They have separate lives , separate interests ; they 're just not alone . "
tr	NN	Todd checked his notepad .
tr	NN	Suddenly she had a hunch , and lowered her psychic barriers .
tr	NN	Swallowing a lump of guilt , I shook my head fervently .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of Neil 's face when he turned around .
tr	NN	It takes all my willpower not to turn my head , not to react in any way .
tr	NNS	She did want more serious assignments than catching cheating spouses , worker 's comp surveillance , or serving subpoenas .
tr	NN	Angie withdrew another gown ; pink this time , the dainty color of a scallop shell .
tr	NNS	He knew some spells of the air element and had a good understanding of how it works .
tr	NN	At that point , Blake told his pilot to fuel his private jet and he kissed his wife and son good-bye .
tr	NN	I descend the staircase and stand beside him looking into the small monitor .
tr	NNS	I crawled forward a few paces .
tr	NNS	Vigneault had elements of both involved , and could indict Esperanza for any involvement , as well .
tr	NN	And I won 't sacrifice my uncle . "
tr	NNS	" Sure Mr. Curry , " she said and changed directions , heading towards the back door .
tr	NN	I used the banister for balance as I followed Maximus up the curving staircase .
tr	NNS	Maybe he wouldn 't leave too many whiskers in the bathroom .
tr	NNS	No one can question their capabilities if they 're the first to lead such a patrol .
tr	NNS	We eat hot dogs and sip hot cocoa and buy roasted chestnuts from the Rotary booth .
tr	NNS	This remarkable young man had skills that she had never seen before .
tr	NNS	I felt the coolness of the evening air , the pounding of Rafe 's heart as he summoned a young woman to his side .
tr	NN	I turned the frame over and slivers of a broken mirror fell from the frame and shattered on the floor .
tr	NN	Destroy your perfect outfit ? "
tr	NN	It covered the equivalent of a city block .
tr	NN	Chapter 2 The View on High Miss Mary , one of our lookouts spotted a trap that 's sprung . "
tr	NNS	To toss cats to the beasts .
tr	NN	She doesn 't know anybody here . "
tr	NNS	It makes awful noises for a while an ' then pounds on the ground with its front paws as if it was real mad about somethin " .
tr	NN	That man was obviously stealing a painting from the house .
tr	NNS	As always , it worked wonders on me , snapping me out of my stubborn state .
tr	NNS	Then she kicked off her black flats and unbuttoned her white shirt .
tr	NNS	He felt shaky , but no worse than he had any of a number of other times he 'd endured a healer 's attentions .
tr	NNS	I barely noticed my surroundings as I followed my mom .
tr	NN	" I got nothin . "
tr	NNS	We can 't afford anymore delays .
tr	NN	We can outlast this siege . "
tr	NN	' Wise choice , you have not lost your talent for the game . '
tr	NNS	They all performed many miracles .
tr	NNS	Also , you don 't have any powers of persuasion . "
tr	NNS	Besides , we 'll need supplies , and I doubt we 'll find what we need in these mountain villages .
tr	NN	Lily sputtered a single snicker through her tight lips .
tr	NNS	Carl clicked off these items from memory while twirling his projector button .
tr	NNS	He 's down on his knees in front of me , lifting the layers of my skirt until he 's buried beneath them .
tr	NNS	To provide relief from his infection and raging fever , the priest was given powerful drugs that rendered him unconscious .
tr	NN	She hadn 't seen her attorney since their lunch date .
tr	NN	I just gave Paxton a sly shrug .
tr	NN	" You call that success ? "
tr	NNS	Galen whispered , " I smell apple blossoms . "
tr	NNS	Ivy and I both wrinkle our noses at him .
tr	NN	Hugh pried open the lid with his bare hands and a hefty grunt .
tr	NNS	You and Marianna treat those dogs like children .
tr	NNS	" I have my doubts about these two subjects . "
tr	NNS	It 's only taken me a few short centuries to get it to my exact liking .
tr	NNS	He was breathing his last breaths into the mulch of the forest floor .
tr	NNS	The women were visually throwing daggers at Leslie .
tr	NN	I opened the trunk , pulled my bags out .
tr	NN	I put my reputation on the line . "
tr	NNS	" I believe , gentlemen , that as a new Station you 'd like to start things off right .
tr	NN	I was elected vice president of the guild .
tr	NNS	He had two inches on me , twenty pounds , and ten years .
tr	NNS	" You 've sunk millions -- " " Enough , " Sallie said .
tr	NN	I noted the mischievous gleam in her eye .
tr	NN	She gave him a last glare then marched past him and out the door without a good-bye .
tr	NNS	He gave her four more numbers to try , and again , she received an angry beep .
tr	NNS	" Can you read palms ? "
tr	NNS	" I 've been counting the intervals between when that guy shoots , and it 's around six seconds .
tr	NNS	" You 're forgetting my mad skills .
tr	NN	" I miss my mommy . "
tr	NN	It sounded its horn like a war cry , exerting its dominance .
tr	NN	She made an admission .
tr	NNS	She could almost feel his sweaty palms and the anxious wrinkling of his brow from here .
tr	NN	Most don 't have anybody in them .
tr	NN	Since I was never one to not take advantage of alone time with him in the past , he was ... um , ready for me .
tr	NN	I 'm playing organized basketball again .
tr	NNS	Waitresses and waiters everywhere were replenishing plates or collecting them , offering fresh glasses of wine , or cups of coffee .
tr	NNS	I had already made a few acquaintances through school that I would regularly go to coffee with at the coffee house down the street .
tr	NNS	Me wanting shiny knives and fool girls ' sighing over shiny jewels weren 't near the same thing .
tr	NN	One is of him dumping a basket of apples over his blond head and another of him wearing the emptied basket like a hat .
tr	NN	Wouldn 't your ships be picked up on radar or something ? "
tr	NN	She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear .
tr	NN	Startled , she hastily cut her talent .
tr	NN	Todd lifted up the thin edition of the University publication .
tr	NN	He threw a thigh over her legs and captured her moving body against his .
tr	NN	Learn your lesson from me .
tr	NNS	We 'd worked through all her fears and insecurities , the biggest of which surprised me - her inability to carry a child .
tr	NN	" Or a nurse .
tr	NNS	He still has your grandfather 's contacts at the CPD , and they 've reached out to him for advice on the sup angle .
tr	NNS	He , d also checked out all the main versions of the mystery animal attack online .
tr	NNS	Amy rolled up the rugs , carried them out and added them to the pile .
tr	NN	" That expands the definition of victimhood a little too far for me . "
tr	NN	Don 't eat that crap I concocted in the pot .
tr	NNS	" We have provisions on board .
tr	NNS	Did you ever figure out who changed my computer logon settings ? "
tr	NN	I never killed anybody , though .
tr	NN	Whenever I catch a whiff of it I always associate the peculiar invasive tang of sunscreen with the beach .
tr	NN	Gideon gave a low groan as he pressed his lips to her forehead .
tr	NNS	Rain would destroy any tracks .
tr	NNS	" I counted seventeen big shots , and a few that seem to be serving the others . "
tr	NNS	As he stepped toward her , she could see the swiftness in his long legs .
tr	NN	His earlier information had never mentioned the senator and his record and reputation were above repute .
tr	NNS	She chose her own targets and went after them .
tr	NNS	A burst of energy raised the tiny hairs on my body .
tr	NNS	Now I 'm seeing freaks everywhere .
tr	NNS	Lately , Grace had helped ghosts that had been murdered .
tr	NN	We 'll make another phone appointment . "
tr	NN	Damian felt the hope spill out of him until his mind was running on despair .
tr	NNS	" They hire maids for that . "
tr	NN	Josef laughed and leaned one hip lazily against the coffin .
tr	NN	This supported a wooden cage or platform , held by ropes , which could be lowered down into the darkness .
tr	NNS	He went some paces back into the darkness , not daring to move far , or to call in more than a hoarse whisper .
tr	NN	roared the intruder with a fierce gesture that spattered red drops from his broadsword .
tr	NNS	" You haven 't really had poverty issues though . "
tr	NN	After I called she had gotten a babysitter and was ready to celebrate .
tr	NNS	I ran his simulations , too . "
tr	NN	" So get your ass outta here before you get hurt . "
tr	NN	Mikhail completed the task of making his home safe against intruders .
tr	NNS	The warm sun had already melted the snows into water that was quickly absorbed into the earth .
tr	NN	I shut the recording off and toss my phone aside , feeling a little bit lighter as I drive away .
tr	NN	She quickly got a reprieve when her phone rang .
tr	NNS	She collected porcelain birds .
tr	NNS	He made gurgling noises as if he were being throttled which delighted her .
tr	NN	I feel a cool rag on my neck and a hand rubbing my back .
tr	NN	He closed his menu and laid it to one side .
tr	NN	He flicked the cigarette butt away and stepped in .
tr	NN	We made an appointment - " And now Denison had it .
tr	NNS	" How can you kill ghosts ? "
tr	NN	Can I have the waitress bring you anything ? "
tr	NNS	The exploding shrapnel took out huge chunks of the border wall ; the inmates who made it out of their cells just ran straight into the Wilds .
tr	NNS	She even broke the boards with her bare hand .
tr	NNS	" What do you feel sums up your intentions for yourself ? "
tr	NN	Were they really discussing my virginity ... right in front of me ?
tr	NNS	The two men and woman gave quiet greetings .
tr	NNS	I have no special skills to speak of . "
tr	NN	For Gabriel the growing sounds of desperate fear from behind him fueled his fury and drove his determination to defend them .
tr	NN	" Stand and fight , you dirty Gypsies ! "
tr	NN	Then I heard a crackle , a burning roar and a scream and I had my answer as to the cause of the fires .
tr	NNS	All night , the entire time we 've been trying to help him , you 've just complained and made sarcastic remarks .
tr	NNS	Jazz , without being asked , emptied out her pockets .
tr	NN	' Even so , Dark One , how will we acquire such a large quantity of humans without alerting them to our presence ? '
tr	NN	came the shouted command .
tr	NN	She touched his nipple with her tongue , feeling it tighten instantly .
tr	NNS	And the program generates enough random elements to let them innovate . "
tr	NN	Now she really had nobody , not even her parents to stick by her .
tr	NNS	He drew up some designs and requested the use of a machinist to help more than double Giselle 's size .
tr	NNS	I can see so many more photographs in my football uniform , another autumn memory .
tr	NNS	" My sister had many tricks up her sleeve .
tr	NNS	Looking over his shoulder as he ran , Samara could see workers down on the floor and bodies hanging from hooks above their heads .
tr	NN	Patched her up to make her immobile , then refilled the pond .
tr	NN	" Oh my goodness ! "
tr	NNS	From what she had gathered , imprisonment in the Quiet Box meant centuries of uninterrupted solitude .
tr	NN	" You have a great imagination . "
tr	NNS	I already love these tiny babies growing inside me . "
tr	NNS	Let 's finish our chores and then walk over mid-morning . "
tr	NN	And we 'll just chalk up this infatuation with Mike as a mistake , okay ?
tr	NNS	The man-made chemical polonium leaks from the engines by tiny droplets .
tr	NN	" I enjoy the capture the most . "
tr	NN	Yeah , right ; don 't give me your crap !
tr	NNS	She pulled back the covers and her feet hit the soft cream carpet .
tr	NNS	Hell , he 'd even seen hostage victims before the medical crews got to them .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not getting gauges , Hazel .
tr	NN	For some reason , she took a liking to Bur .
tr	NN	Pushing the stray strands of hair out of his eyes , he caught a glimpse of Hal walking on the other side of the wagon .
tr	NN	And , of course , now that she knows Galen , she sees this loser for what he is .
tr	NNS	I would never do drugs .
tr	NNS	She had endured multiple beatings from humans and demons alike , yet they hadn 't diminished her audacity .
tr	NNS	" She doesn 't need mortal mouths to speak to me , her faithful servant . "
tr	NN	It had the frame of a man , but there was nothing human about it .
tr	NNS	His closeness overruled her senses .
tr	NNS	I gnawed my fears and tried to swallow them all .
tr	NN	I didn 't mention his betrayal .
tr	NN	" We 'll take a bottle of your best champagne , " Mack told the waiter , ignoring his father 's advice .
tr	NNS	" I monitor the systems that keep the superstructure and Wayward Pines functioning .
tr	NN	But as she prepared to run , she got a glimpse of her rescuer 's face as he pinned Max to the wall .
tr	NN	" I understand Mama , no harm done .
tr	NN	Alec flicked a strand of hair out of his eyes .
tr	NNS	I could smell the caramel apples at the entrance gate , and it was like he read my eyes as I stared at the vendors .
tr	NN	Either by intent or instinct , Zeal raised her dagger and took a defensive posture .
tr	NNS	I 've had cortisone shots and gotten a whole routine of stretches to do .
tr	NNS	" I have meetings all day , so we have to talk while we walk .
tr	NNS	They only had twelve points to go to tie it up .
tr	NNS	He has important contacts within Washington and is an invaluable source of information for me . "
tr	NN	Then she could lead the cart instead of driving it , and put less burden on the mule .
tr	NN	He didn 't need anybody getting any ideas in his absence .
tr	NN	I felt my stomach growl as I smelled something tasty .
tr	NNS	He sends me those texts as a joke . "
tr	NN	I chance a peek and see Adam is still staring at me .
tr	NNS	Few people occupied the sidewalks , but anyone of them could hide a weapon .
tr	NNS	" All head shots .
tr	NN	Fu ' yar twists the dial to 0.0 when the ship slows then slower and then slowest and finally halts inside the river of time .
tr	NN	I felt tears spill out of my eyes and was again overcome with the wrongness of this .
tr	NN	They might view the nuclear option as winnable , considering how many more people they had compared to the UAS .
tr	NN	" I did sweep .
tr	NNS	He placed the blades of the secateurs around the tube but , despite how hard he squeezed the handles , it wouldn 't break .
tr	NNS	I groan and grab my temples .
tr	NNS	Though they had managed to ease some of her fears , she could not shake the doubts that clung stubbornly to her .
tr	NN	He just ordered the large prime rib with three sides and cajoled Becca into eating half his food .
tr	NN	I have a duty to her , and I would miss her so much . "
tr	NNS	I wrote down the subjects I wanted to study , and they replied that it was possible .
tr	NN	If she was an illegal alien , as he suspected , he 'd have a duty to report her .
tr	NNS	Someday , someday not too far away , Jase and I will use those condoms .
tr	NNS	" Light the torches !
tr	NN	I gave you redemption to prevent you from being caught in the corruption of war .
tr	NN	He left the plumbing until last , for all sorts of reasons .
tr	NNS	Does not like other cats . "
tr	NNS	Both Jade and Jules had wide grins on their faces , probably thinking they 'd been witnessing the rebirth of a passionate affair .
tr	NN	To his credit , he 'd assumed full responsibility and said he 'd pay for whatever she chose to do .
tr	NNS	Stripping off my jeans , I peel back the covers just enough to slide beneath them .
tr	NNS	I do not understand these terms .
tr	NNS	The strangest thought creeps into my head .
tr	NN	" If we don 't fol ow Sage 's suggestion , we ' l never find the trunk .
tr	NN	They had the consistency of soft fudge .
tr	NNS	They eat both the monkeys and the dogs .
tr	NNS	That brought the shields back up to 83 percent . "
tr	NN	She answers a garbled , " Because it wasn 't ordered .
tr	NN	Goodness 's nod revealed her reluctance to discuss the subject .
tr	NN	Then held out his crossbow and two bolts .
tr	NN	" They only had cherry .
tr	NNS	For the first time in days I finally felt the aches from my injuries surfacing again .
tr	NN	Doing the routine things of life did not numb the ache .
tr	NNS	Lea could , at the very least , make a few simple dishes , but that was it .
tr	NNS	He pushed all ten ribbons aside with the blade of his right sword , and threw his left sword at the second hood .
tr	NN	Like before , the pungent stargazer lilies made her gag .
tr	NN	" I haven 't checked the roster of patients . "
tr	NNS	All this time , I 've kept quiet , stayed in , turned down dates with nice enough guys because I 've wanted to really feel something .
tr	NNS	A good looking rich man like Nick probably had models throwing themselves at his feet .
tr	NNS	Unstable engines that destroy their own ships .
tr	NNS	We need tomorrow 's experts for tomorrow 's world .
tr	NN	When he was around she felt a certain solace , a semblance of peace .
tr	NN	My heart took a running leap and I began taking deep breaths .
tr	NNS	Careful not to wake Skyler , she took the dirty dishes from the deep sink and placed them in the stainless steel fronted dishwasher .
tr	NNS	When he focused on a great black and brown beast running toward him , he palmed three cards .
tr	NNS	Naya flipped the pages forward .
tr	NN	He found butter in a small crockery pot .
tr	NNS	But here , on the job , he didn 't doubt his instincts for a second .
tr	NN	Aran felt a calm flow through his body as he stopped dead in his tracks halfway down the concrete dock .
tr	NNS	Which explained the howls I 'd heard in the night .
tr	NNS	The other six kingdoms dismiss Aegon 's claims , and he 's finally revealed as a fraud .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you do the honors ?
tr	NNS	They drugged the dogs .
tr	NNS	No longer did he feel cursed .
tr	NN	He pulls out the orange juice .
tr	NN	His own mind , he would swear , had a strong measure of concrete itself .
tr	NNS	They can control their talents with a level of precision that you cannot yet grasp .
tr	NN	The light bounced off bright metal insignia fastened to his clothes .
tr	NNS	Our father he wants us to work harder , get more dollars . "
tr	NN	" No freaking Mumbai traffic at least at this hour . .
tr	NNS	" Organized killers stalk their victims .
tr	NNS	" Pierce wouldn 't have connections or the knowledge to put an op of this size together .
tr	NNS	" It undoubtedly has miniaturized bacteria on it .
tr	NN	She carried only a backpack and a purse , a purse with apparently little money .
tr	NN	Marry your cowboy . "
tr	NNS	Sweat trickled down his temples and neck , as if he 'd just worked out .
tr	NNS	My girl had impeccable instincts .
tr	NN	" I brought the Mustang around while I was out .
tr	NN	* * * Fiona saw the policemen first .
tr	NN	Did they have immunity , too ?
tr	NN	Does that have chocolate in it ? "
tr	NNS	Now , we stood by our cars , keys in hand , mere inches separating us .
tr	NNS	I , uh , only made the two cups . "
tr	NN	he pleaded , whining slightly , ' or a sword ? '
tr	NN	He heard the resolve in her voice .
tr	NNS	I sent my magical senses into the ground , seeking water throughout the village .
tr	NN	Because if anyone could stop this thing without becoming a monster themselves she had faith that it was that miraculous man .
tr	NNS	It brushed off the chunks of plaster and dust that the axe had dislodged and turned to face them again .
tr	NNS	He turned his hands palms up .
tr	NNS	We can release the twins , get them back to the train and live happily ever after !
tr	NN	He could smell her growing arousal and knew she 'd be hot and wet .
tr	NN	Between that and the sounds coming from my speakers , I never want the video to end .
tr	NN	" You sure can 't prove your very high success rate by me . "
tr	NN	" Move the video forward . "
tr	NN	She moved the curtain back in place and moved to open the door .
tr	NNS	But he has too many diplomatic obligations right now .
tr	NN	Apparently she had a ' disagreement ' with the head teacher .
tr	NNS	" You control the external defenses .
tr	NNS	Your father used the tunnels to bring in people he didn 't want you or the staff to see . "
tr	NNS	Especially if you 've got clients like Gena . "
tr	NNS	She must eat wholesome foods .
tr	NN	" I 'll play the doomed hero another day .
tr	NNS	But other times , the big empty building gave me the creeps .
tr	NNS	Sunlight shined down , fall 's warmth a caress to my skin .
tr	NN	She drew a glass jar from her backpack .
tr	NNS	They were cooking special dried backpackers ' meals .
tr	NNS	I was stretching my mental scanning abilities to the limit .
tr	NN	Elizabeth could feel the soft trickle of blood down her neck .
tr	NNS	I piled the rags and two pairs of boots up next to my rope and leaned against the wall to rest .
tr	NN	They reached the bench where the young lovers had been sharing a kiss .
tr	NNS	Our smiles for cameras are jaded now , our grins at jokes a bit bitter .
tr	NNS	Through the textured glass in the front door , she made out the silhouettes of two figures .
tr	NNS	She was tracing runes on her skin .
tr	NNS	Rounded ears developed points at the end .
tr	NNS	Tree shadows played tricks on me , making me see hidden attackers at every angle .
tr	NNS	They saw several deer running with great leaps , and then they saw the wolf pack .
tr	NN	And I do know my duty .
tr	NNS	" Did you check your pockets ? "
tr	NNS	Without the Scientist 's know-how on handling the apparently ' live ' dead software , we couldn 't use the cables for anything other than expecting butterflies .
tr	NN	She knew exactly who they were talking about , the new player for Galaxy in America .
tr	NN	Ashwin proved a better opponent than he 'd anticipated .
tr	NNS	The eternal storm drove hot breezes off the dead sea year round .
tr	NN	Outside the high wall she caught a brief glimpse of something moving .
tr	NN	She drew a short intake of breath before grabbing my wrist and drinking from my palm .
tr	NNS	" Assemble the council members .
tr	NN	Brandi stabs her fork into a piece of chicken .
tr	NNS	Arin made one more attempts .
tr	NNS	As the door swings open my hand drops to my side , and I try to hide my disappointment .
tr	NN	I hear his cart rumbling down the aisle and I haul my ridiculous feet to the end cap opposite the direction they 're traveling .
tr	NN	The children of the village had taken a liking to him as well .
tr	NN	Maybe then she could read the Aramaic lettering impressed on one side of the fragments .
tr	NNS	She 's got big tits , but her ass is too big for me as well . "
tr	NNS	I did all my usual chores .
tr	NN	He held up a soggy specimen .
tr	NN	From what I hear , she 's getting a lawyer so she can fight for custody of her son . "
tr	NN	We would simply like the technology as a kind of ... appreciation for our hospitality . "
tr	NN	Judging from the countless twinkling lights and polished marble floors , the place oozed style and money .
tr	NNS	You all know your ships and your captains .
tr	NNS	Why couldn 't women have pockets like men ?
tr	NNS	It spoke volumes about who they 'd been and who 'd they 'd become .
tr	NN	The mingled gray and silver lifelines decorated the landscape like tinsel on a Christmas tree .
tr	NN	If it got too dangerous for Lea , then Alonso would throw the towel if necessary .
tr	NN	He picked up the dreaded file and opened it .
tr	NNS	He 'd overheard their stammered responses and apologies .
tr	NNS	When we arrived at the bridge it was raining buckets of water .
tr	NNS	He digs out his compass and the little patch of map and then heaves his pack onto his shoulders .
tr	NN	I stop pacing and glare at her .
tr	NN	We now have a marker set in San Francisco , and this new one is next to the cabin in Durango .
tr	NN	I also get the impression that he 's not terribly comfortable around people he doesn 't know . "
tr	NN	It takes all my resolve to not begin to laugh or give any indication that I am faking this anger .
tr	NN	Sometimes , with truth comes great responsibility .
tr	NNS	She could easily imagine her sister 's claims that Joe had exposed himself as grounds for an argument .
tr	NNS	He got off only a few more shots before ducking back inside .
tr	NN	Wow , Gray could see the family resemblance now .
tr	NNS	He turned the yellow pages around to face him .
tr	NNS	Setting sun cast bands of yellow , orange , and red over the land while clouds on the far horizon were a pinkish hue .
tr	NN	Moore grabbed a cutting tool and began severing the shield from its base .
tr	NN	" Nice collection of weapons you have there . "
tr	NNS	" She made the best little sandwiches for that rally in Columbus .
tr	NNS	" You remembered Homecoming week themes . "
tr	NNS	He still had two sons , and they were free .
tr	NNS	As she mulled it over , Sarah lit candles and the hurricane lantern to illuminate the house .
tr	NN	Micah followed her fingertip .
tr	NN	He approached the falls from the right , staying close to the wall of the cliff .
tr	NNS	asked Eris , getting up from the couch .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods he couldn 't see the flush staining her cheeks .
tr	NNS	After he had finished tightening the bolts Evans tested the vacuum tubes to make sure they were plugged in properly .
tr	NN	The minister intoned the final prayer , " The Lord bless us and keep us .
tr	NN	We 'll still have one pistol to shoot with if we use the other to make a flame . '
tr	NN	You put so much faith in me , and I let you down on so many accounts .
tr	NNS	She still held the daggers .
tr	NNS	No , definitely not human fingernails .
tr	NN	" I know mat . "
tr	NN	" Open the Gate to the Dark Dimensions , " he corrected .
tr	NN	That , more than anything else , scared the Priest into raising his hands before his face , as if to ward him off .
tr	NNS	Now I have lost two sons and a grandchild as well , but there is no perpetrator for me to slay .
tr	NNS	Search all the areas where someone might have curled up and fallen asleep and make sure she 's okay . "
tr	NN	I opened the front closet and handed her black dress coat to her .
tr	NN	I lean my hip against the opposite counter and look at the window .
tr	NNS	I watched the apartments .
tr	NN	The monster crying for blood had entrapped my consciousness .
tr	NNS	His hands moved up my thighs and cupped my bottom squeezing and moaning as I pressed against him .
tr	NN	Bryce lifted his automatic rifle .
tr	NNS	" I think they picked up dust or small air leaks from Hermes itself .
tr	NN	You can sense his goodness , his compassion . "
tr	NN	Remembering , Johnny took the old instrument and strummed a few chords .
tr	NN	Zoe stuck a pout on her lips but she didn 't argue further .
tr	NNS	Nicolas put together his palms at the chest .
tr	NNS	Tench heard two shots and then silence for several minutes .
tr	NNS	He also couldn 't help but notice the freckles dotting her nose , or the pink hue the warm afternoon brought to her cheeks .
tr	NN	A shiver rolled down my spine .
tr	NNS	Alexander shot daggers at the M.C. , a decent looking guy in his mid-thirties with a shaved head and a short beard .
tr	NN	They threw the sponge at me from earlier .
tr	NN	I couldn 't get the knot undone .
tr	NN	Shaking his head as he walks back to his office , I hear a mutter of , " Damn fast , kid . "
tr	NNS	I 'll bring you sandwiches from home ! "
tr	NN	Emeline felt Samuel 's arm stiffen under her fingers , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	NN	Like I said , I feel the compulsion too .
tr	NN	" In the meantime , take a mouthful . "
tr	NN	He removed the file from inside his shirt and tossed it on the coffee table .
tr	NNS	Some vague memories started coming , meetings in the living room where adults , their parents , grandparents , and friends talked about serious things .
tr	NNS	It had two layers , the underskirt was a dark yellow , and the outer layer was a soft , lemony chiffon .
tr	NNS	Like he didn 't have any bruised ribs .
tr	NN	Then she lowered her menu and smiled politely , trying to backtrack to where they 'd been before imagination had become more honest than reality .
tr	NNS	He asked all sorts of questions about the arson and the suit involving the estate .
tr	NN	Mostly Melly did the scolding , but not often .
tr	NNS	Elis and Maxwell take up positions against the back wall behind my chair .
tr	NNS	He watched the long range sensors .
tr	NN	He chuckled , his smirk growing triumphantly . '
tr	NN	He has some loyalty toward Ballard , but I sense a petty cruelty waiting just beneath the veneer of civility .
tr	NN	He pushed a wire down the chimney and through the fireplace while calling out to her in an eerie voice .
tr	NNS	But we have some stores here as well , and I 'm sure there 'll be more as the village grows . "
tr	NN	Letter up chimney ? '
tr	NNS	As they fled , Tom saw dark red dragons imprinted on their cloaks .
tr	NNS	She 'd had her doubts when the woman implied that she and Pierce were more than just friends .
tr	NNS	She likely needs more than the over-the-counter medications you 've been giving her . "
tr	NN	He had a sudden urge to nibble her ear , but resisted .
tr	NN	Again , I felt something scurry and squirm under my shirt .
tr	NNS	Some wore brief bands about the hips , some about the chests .
tr	NN	To him ascribe all sin . ' "
tr	NNS	" You said three gentlemen , not two . "
tr	NNS	They saw few pedestrians and not more than a handful of other cars .
tr	NNS	With a cry of pain Dmitri dropped the smoke bombs and they rolled away , useless .
tr	NNS	From my left , Madeline , whose dark hair is gathered back into a messy knot , adjusts the ties on her crocheted bikini 's halter top .
tr	NNS	He didn 't do teams and balls , either .
tr	NNS	Oliver handed his new friend a few dollars .
tr	NNS	She 'd redone her braids so that they were neater , and I wondered if it had been an attempt to impress our father .
tr	NNS	She used short , controlled swings of her sword , managing to keep the beasts from her with the force of her kicks and the deadly blade .
tr	NNS	He abruptly killed the motors and The Phoenix lulled to a glide in the water .
tr	NN	- The doctor adjusted his delicate frame in the chair and asked for a glass of water , which was promptly delivered by the bailiff .
tr	NN	" I saw the tape . "
tr	NN	He covered her hand resting on the pew .
tr	NNS	He might excuse his own actions , rationalize them away , but the rest of us can 't .
tr	NNS	She dug her fingernails into her palm for an anchor and kept her eyes trained on Helena , willing herself to see .
tr	NN	Cori punched his arm and Holly yelled , " OK I 'll say it this time , Ron shut the fuck up !
tr	NNS	Rex was pacing the halls like an expectant father , looking for fees .
tr	NN	He noted the empty ignition , then hopped into the seat and opened the console , hoping Dale had left the keys behind .
tr	NNS	I had my doubts , though , about whether anything could be redeemed from our slick , glued bodysuits .
tr	NNS	I take a few deep breaths preparing myself for the explanation to follow .
tr	NNS	" I 'll get the extra buckets from the shed . "
tr	NN	I will have a proposition for you tomorrow , to consider in better light .
tr	NNS	Although he was financially secure , he didn 't fully enjoy the benefits that were supposed to add to his happiness .
tr	NN	Do you doubt the prowess of my warriors ?
tr	NNS	Last Saturday she gave him another three thousand dollars . "
tr	NNS	" Where did you get the oranges from ? "
tr	NN	She opened the trunk .
tr	NN	He took his cap off and let his scraggly blonde hair out .
tr	NN	I 'll take the first swing -- but then I want you to come in hard .
tr	NN	It took a huge skip , then another , and several smaller bounces , until it had traveled a very impressive distance .
tr	NNS	The God King could call servants to execute her .
tr	NN	She remembered the dream Roku shared with her -- remembered how he lost his family , as she had lost most of hers .
tr	NN	Old majestic water oaks line the once quiet waterfront highway on what used to be a pleasant , peaceful drive .
tr	NN	She lays a towel on the back of the couch and looks at Kel , " What are you going to be , Sweetie ? "
tr	NNS	Opening his eyes , Frank surveyed his surroundings in abject terror .
tr	NN	The move would ensure some privacy from his companions , which certainly suited Nicole .
tr	NNS	I smiled , inches from his lips .
tr	NNS	New , the conference room furniture would cost a couple hundred bucks or less .
tr	NN	The Dark Lady will keep faith with you , if you keep faith with her .
tr	NN	Something about the way he said come to me made Lexi 's blood bubble .
tr	NN	The realization strengthened my resolve to make every moment I had with her a memory worth keeping .
tr	NN	" Just make the appointment , " and with that , the doctor was gone .
tr	NNS	I hear weird noises coming from outside while I fold up the blanket .
tr	NN	Nicole had the helm .
tr	NNS	He had been keeping tabs on me .
tr	NNS	She was making excuses for our shared discomfort .
tr	NNS	She throws the covers on the floor at the foot of my bed and leaves the room .
tr	NN	Besides my girls , I couldn 't take anybody with me and there was nothing on earth that could persuade me to stay .
tr	NN	The clamor of approaching voices reached a crescendo as both Captain and Vice Captain came flying out of the small opening onto the terrace .
tr	NN	Jack selects a muffin from the breadbasket .
tr	NNS	I can smell the changes in their blood . "
tr	NNS	She turned her hands palms up .
tr	NN	He lowered the rope and helped Edna ascend .
tr	NNS	Everyone was making excuses for me , even her .
tr	NNS	The doctor abruptly stops and gives stares at me .
tr	NN	I had a glimpse of a white stag before Frost bent to kiss me .
tr	NN	I heard a rumor they might have come this way . "
tr	NNS	Later , he joined the reserves and went into infantry .
tr	NN	Amelia found her mother irritating , but she knew better than to address her in such a manner .
tr	NN	Our favorite activity , however , was riding the rope swing , and we could spend hours at it .
tr	NN	My breathing gets a little shallow .
tr	NN	Ren noted the nickname , as Suzanne Morgan chewed on her lip and winced in apology .
tr	NN	" The Divine Comedy includes a graphic illustration of the dangers of adhering to and propagating rigid ideologies or paradigms of thought , particularly those lacking integrity .
tr	NNS	Making their egress from Chesterfield Hall , Marcus and Eldridge retrieved the reins from the waiting groomsmen and mounted their horses .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the abundance of flowery scents made her nauseous .
tr	NN	I fluff the pillow and tuck my hands under my head .
tr	NN	On one side fell a silver rope ; A lady stood with flowing tune .
tr	NNS	Primates carried strong inhibitions against harming infants , and this inhibition was invoked by adult animals in many contexts .
tr	NN	" They were meant to destroy them if they did , " Chris said dully , his voice distant .
tr	NNS	She had no doubts there .
tr	NNS	I passed the senior classes , since she didn 't seem old enough .
tr	NN	I 've my own bath , as when we added on , that was priority .
tr	NN	Inside the communication nest , Painter checked the row of monitors , receiving video feed from cameras on every level .
tr	NN	Wearing a suit , tie , and a stoic expression , Mark Parker opened his briefcase and removed a stack of papers two inches thick .
tr	NNS	The monitor registers intermittent heart beats .
tr	NNS	And you can keep the slippers .
tr	NNS	She made endless arguments about how she had rescued us in the palace .
tr	NN	She fluffs a pillow on the bed .
tr	NN	" Find the harpy , find the murderer . "
tr	NN	This doubt has the potential to destroy his faith .
tr	NN	" They have their own damn satellite . "
tr	NN	" Just give me a sec , okay ?
tr	NNS	Why the hell couldn 't she have gotten useful abilities like some other paranormals ?
tr	NN	Spencer twirled the pencil in her hands .
tr	NN	He didn 't need any proof .
tr	NN	After Genevieve died , Sebastian didn 't make a film for ten years .
tr	NN	He turned the knob and went inside .
tr	NN	He gets credit for that , but when they find nothing , the police reveal that we impounded Alistair 's reserve case immediately after his death .
tr	NN	Maggie stood there on the small mud hill , her stance daring the opposition to attack .
tr	NNS	" Obviously I can 't give you exact dates , and I need to protect their anonymity - " " Wow .
tr	NNS	At the top of a cottonwood tree a squirrel ate seeds from the blooms .
tr	NNS	Cora and Riley were playing cards on the couch .
tr	NN	To her dismay , she found the healer studying her .
tr	NN	" Did he bring the reindeer ? "
tr	NNS	The warriors had formed their own packs , Lucian and Gabriel directing them , and they were meeting the wolves on equal terms .
tr	NN	They hadn 't discussed the pregnancy since she 'd had her little meltdown .
tr	NNS	We all have different powers .
tr	NNS	Two long knives slid out her palms and she grabbed the handles .
tr	NNS	We shared our customs and traditions across the village .
tr	NNS	If she 's truly incapable of taking care of herself , we 'll make other arrangements . "
tr	NNS	" You don 't need magic abilities to be great and powerful .
tr	NN	Suddenly , for one heart-stopping moment , they went a glittering silver , cunning intelligence staring into the room , searching .
tr	NN	If this works , I 'm stocking Lysander 's fridge full of blood .
tr	NN	Rachel kicked a chunk of concrete ahead with the toe of her boot .
tr	NNS	Digby probably made several trips down this passage once he discovered it .
tr	NN	He forced a mouthful of something that he was afraid might still be half alive in between his teeth .
tr	NNS	It only took a few strokes before she was wet , and Drake 's groan of realization made her whimper .
tr	NN	Phillips shoved Sam 's mass backwards .
tr	NNS	We have fairly long winters .
tr	NNS	Their Body Guard mistook Xavier 's actions as an attack when he was actually drawing his weapons to protect all of them .
tr	NN	Chuck released the curtain and said , " They left their parking lights on so I guess they 're friend and not foe . "
tr	NN	They reached a huge metal blast door , but there was no way they could get through .
tr	NNS	We notice huge chunks of flesh missing from the other side .
tr	NN	The sky paid no heed to his attempts to stay dry .
tr	NN	You can check your email from anywhere . "
tr	NN	One man gave a short speech while gesturing towards something displayed on the screen .
tr	NNS	The operator gave me several numbers but none of them worked . "
tr	NNS	Kill two birds with one stone , huh ? "
tr	NN	Seeing the Summer faery caused a flood of apprehension to surge up with a vengeance .
tr	NNS	The three-man medical crew which supervised the decompression chamber played cards .
tr	NN	" For what it 's worth , you definitely had my vote . "
tr	NNS	As a category six wizard , she enjoyed the benefits of extremely slow aging and would live a very long life barring any unfortunate accidents .
tr	NN	" Pizza , cookie dough ice cream , wine , and girls . "
tr	NN	" And you aren " t ?
tr	NNS	If you want your profits to increase , you will need servants . "
tr	NNS	' We want no more excuses , slayer .
tr	NN	He opened the shed and checked the battery banks that stored the converted energy .
tr	NN	I got out the stout metal cage Jane had bequeathed me and opened the little door .
tr	NN	Hearing their cries of terror made my stomach twist .
tr	NNS	Together they forced the other Wardens back .
tr	NNS	There were chirping birds and small animals about .
tr	NN	Finally , he made a last slice , reached through an opening , and caught an arm .
tr	NNS	The left and right sides of my body secrete different chemicals that , when mixed , ignite . "
tr	NNS	" How far south does the property line go ? "
tr	NN	Ricky gave a shrug .
tr	NN	She could no longer detect even the faintest echo of them any longer .
tr	NN	Though she tried to remain logical , she could not shake the certainty that what she felt was right and good .
tr	NNS	They synced their movements to the bridge 's rhythm , and surfed the wave to the other side of the ravine .
tr	NN	They stood toe to toe , but for the first time , Sasha was without fear .
tr	NNS	The Colonel sat down on a bale of hay , his elbows on his knees , his head bowed , his palms against his forehead .
tr	NN	She gave a slight moan .
tr	NN	" I do not have writer 's block ! "
tr	NN	Her voice was cool and collected , a sharp contrast to the sound of explosions in the background .
tr	NNS	faucet to the large tub that looked more like a mini pool than a bathtub , then added bubbles and lavender scent .
tr	NN	Peter could access a measure of Merlin 's power and use Merlin 's wand without Simon 's blood .
tr	NNS	Kirby underhanded two balls ; he skimmed one off Mooney 's thigh and missed Carter 's foot .
tr	NN	Put the coffin gently on the floor .
tr	NNS	I liked my knives , and they were the weapons I used on the majority of my jobs .
tr	NNS	He cleared customs without any problem and called the number Romano had provided .
tr	NNS	Her feet slowly inched backwards .
tr	NNS	Her bare legs straddled my thighs as I settled her a little bit closer .
tr	NNS	She didn 't need bodyguards .
tr	NN	" The wife ordered steak , delivered only yesterday . "
tr	NN	" And a couple of girls started bragging about losing their virginity . "
tr	NN	' And we take no heed to these mad rumours about the king 's disappearance .
tr	NNS	She had no defenses against the man .
tr	NN	Abby waved a finger playfully at the redhead .
tr	NN	I completed this original experiment into creative writing in January 2014 .
tr	NN	Adel takes his passport and puts it in his pocket .
tr	NNS	Doolittle despised pack politics and had saved my life more often than I liked to think about .
tr	NNS	Tabitha lived two blocks over , and though the night was extremely dark and cold , Amanda didn 't feel like driving .
tr	NN	He had adequate intelligence capacity to meet the needs placed upon him .
tr	NN	Man , people were dishing out advice left and right today .
tr	NNS	Kill the witches , find the wolf and the drainer , and finish them off .
tr	NN	But they want a signed warrant , data protection assurances and all that crap .
tr	NN	Allie envied Grace 's sweet infant the bliss of being unaware .
tr	NN	He indicated a round depression in the center of the door .
tr	NN	He needed a shave .
tr	NNS	Which kinda counteracts any attempts at being rational where you 're concerned . "
tr	NNS	When my eyes were appropriately lubricated , I scanned my surroundings from where I lay .
tr	NNS	I will think up better punishments for you starting tomorrow . "
tr	NN	" Not words on which to start a lasting engagement , so I 'll focus on your actions instead . "
tr	NNS	Know yourself ; know your weaknesses ; know your strengths .
tr	NN	She closed her eyes for the briefest of moments as she sent the few files they 'd stolen , then gave the bouncers a nasty glare .
tr	NNS	Richard did not mention any sisters or daughters .
tr	NNS	But how else would you get blood samples from a large population in just one night without breaking into medical facilities ? "
tr	NNS	Mom 's given me a thousand lectures on what to do in a situation with an unreliable driver .
tr	NN	Two thirty in the morning , and Caroline felt her resolve slipping as her need for sleep increased .
tr	NN	-- " It will , indeed , and not a little enhance your reputation . "
tr	NN	Most days Bart rode his Buell motorcycle to work so leaving his trusty Subaru at the airport created no problems .
tr	NN	What manner of man was this Nick Beaumont that he could offer sums of five hundred pounds without a thought ?
tr	NNS	Anyhow , as I made my great escape I had the good wits to take some gold with me , and this kept me on my feet .
tr	NN	Excitement shot up her spine .
tr	NNS	If I had brought her drinks and chips , Amber Jean would not be exposing her breasts now .
tr	NN	He unfolded another document and placed it on the table .
tr	NN	Nothing quite like classic chocolate cake to end a meal .
tr	NN	He hit a branch on a far-off tree , taking it down cleanly .
tr	NN	It dropped the cub and turned to the elk .
tr	NNS	" The most I can do is offer you some pros and cons and suggest the two of you talk this over rationally at home . "
tr	NNS	She sank her fangs into the victim 's abdomen and drew as much blood as possible .
tr	NN	He snagged a slice of bell pepper from her cutting board .
tr	NN	The rock comes full swing and I exhale .
tr	NN	Instead she saw a dragon brand on each of her forearms .
tr	NNS	" You guys deal drugs now ? "
tr	NNS	Murphy rubs his temples .
tr	NN	He must have taken my castle ! "
tr	NNS	She didn 't have any doubts about Julian and still she destroyed everything , because she didn 't trust him enough to tell her story .
tr	NNS	" Grrrr ... " I narrow my eyelashes , viewing the snow .
tr	NN	Dorian did stop the earthquake , but I could tell from his rigid stance that he held his magic at the ready .
tr	NN	Do not ever wish an encounter with a vampire upon yourself .
tr	NN	I had just popped the block of heaven into my mouth when someone tapped on my passenger side window .
tr	NN	Give me an example " " Hmmm , how about Lord Byron ? "
tr	NN	I remember the dedication you poured into helping Cecily .
tr	NN	Somehow , those who wielded that ability had the talent for reversing any negative impact on the timeline .
tr	NN	" Bet you didn 't bring the whipped cream . "
tr	NNS	The fact that she didn 't tell him to put her down spoke volumes about how bad off she really was .
tr	NNS	I pulled out three more pairs of handcuffs .
tr	NNS	The karate woman took a few deep breaths , releasing the tension in her .
tr	NNS	I 'd had worse offers ; that was for sure .
tr	NN	Shea laid her head wearily against his chest .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	I need a favor . "
tr	NN	It just needed one little repair , an air ... something . "
tr	NN	" But presumably you wouldn 't be torturing poor Drummond if they hadn 't . "
tr	NN	Mal carefully timed his swing when the beast 's right arm shot up to lash out and slid in below it catching it off guard .
tr	NN	But he didn 't find that realization upsetting .
tr	NN	He saw only a graceful frame , and easy , efficient movements that indicated both alertness and strength .
tr	NNS	They gathered their packs and left the cool shade of the low trees .
tr	NN	Jacob 's deep voice caught a lull in the music , and I looked up in spite of myself at the sound of my name .
tr	NN	I gripped my fork .
tr	NNS	Some got all the wolves together in a pack .
tr	NN	I had the sensation of going fast one minute and then being still the next .
tr	NN	I tell the Governor that she 's fine ; that she 's no risk to society .
tr	NNS	I re-opened the flaps of the cereal box and halfheartedly poured the grain lumps back in .
tr	NN	Thanks , Sheila Sheila packed her briefcase with things to work on over the weekend .
tr	NNS	She made strange , lustful keening noises .
tr	NNS	We must protect the bees . "
tr	NNS	I just pulled the architectural schematics from each building , paired them with their GPS locations on the island , and had it all rendered in 3-D .
tr	NN	I tucked the puzzle of Pardon 's missing key ring in with all the other elements involved in the strange death of the landlord .
tr	NN	" Why don 't you put another advertisement in the newspaper and post a notice at the post office ? "
tr	NNS	Our school didn 't have lockers , since we each got a personal set of textbooks to keep at home .
tr	NN	Why didn 't she remember this uncle at all ?
tr	NNS	His feet were still propped up , his eyes still flickering down the pages of his book .
tr	NNS	She had been so afraid he might see through her disguise , she hadn 't allowed her senses to reveal the information she so desperately needed .
tr	NN	He loved his Mother unconditionally , but she had lousy taste in men , or , as she would say , lousy luck in men .
tr	NN	His words too sent a shudder through her , filling her with that delicious feeling of falling in like with someone .
tr	NNS	He wanted Jess beside him , close to his heart .
tr	NNS	" He gave you drugs to make you toxic ?
tr	NN	A hollow ache filled her belly .
tr	NN	To write an email ?
tr	NN	I sent a smirk in Saylor 's direction .
tr	NNS	He lit fires around Red Talon and began to dance around inside the post of the shed .
tr	NN	Klaudia cradled the manuscript in her hands .
tr	NN	Fat Charlie paid the cabbie .
tr	NNS	Some smith added unknown metals to the iron .
tr	NN	He hadn 't had the razor out for a couple of days , and was sporting a trendy stubble .
tr	NN	Spinelli and I checked the clock on the wall .
tr	NNS	She gripped his thighs .
tr	NNS	Her eyelashes rested delicately on her cheeks , and her lips were slightly parted as she breathed through her mouth .
tr	NNS	They 've been mistreating the miners . "
tr	NN	He placed a bouquet of wild flowers in my hand .
tr	NN	Stepping back into a bathroom that was now foggy with steam , she heard a groan from the shower and yanked the door open .
tr	NN	She felt the sudden urge to urinate , an urge which struck more often since the conception .
tr	NN	( I 'm making an assumption here . )
tr	NN	" Did you get the package I sent you ? "
tr	NNS	We jumped dimensions . "
tr	NNS	He did make dramatic changes for his employees , but what that story did not reveal is how it truly changed him .
tr	NNS	" Why not destroy all the mirrors ? "
tr	NNS	I also found some apples , so I took one of those as well .
tr	NNS	And having taken a page from the Aden Stone School of Ass Kicking , she 'd stored daggers under the sleeves of her robe .
tr	NNS	Elizabeth let the dogs out for one last time while Amy locked the back door and headed upstairs with Molly .
tr	NN	She turned and opened drawer full of trays and withdrew the key to apartment 312 .
tr	NNS	So she made arrangements with a neighbourhood girl who had left high school .
tr	NNS	he asked the two professors .
tr	NN	Each person at the table had a full complement of silverware , but few paid heed to spoons or forks .
tr	NNS	He could hear the guttural noises it made , hear the echo of those alien sounds from halfway down the valley at the churchyard .
tr	NN	Meaning Roger had found a prostitute or some other woman desperate enough to give up her baby for money or drugs .
tr	NNS	She personally handed out knotted arm bands to those she considered warriors .
tr	NN	I smash the vase on the floor for good measure .
tr	NN	Your dog will eat steak every night .
tr	NNS	Because of this , I will give you fifteen million dollars , if it is undamaged as it should be .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down her spine .
tr	NNS	Foam lathered its wide jaws .
tr	NNS	He hadn 't lost all his senses and he reached for his knife even though his eyes still burned and he couldn 't see .
tr	NN	I just wanted one single bath to myself , but that was impossible .
tr	NN	Coming up dry there , he cast a wider net , and ventured out into other local establishments , including barbershops , and bait shops .
tr	NN	I watched a film the other day .
tr	NNS	James uses his thumbs to swipe under my eyes .
tr	NN	Pondering , he self-consciously fingered his medal of San Francisco .
tr	NN	Danni couldn 't resist the urge to reach out to him .
tr	NNS	Uncle Stan had pushed both families along toward California , and the promise of a better life .
tr	NNS	There was always something to be done -- the carpet to clean , the ornaments to polish .
tr	NNS	Gretchen 's offered consolation prize would serve her own interests , too .
tr	NN	He felt a burning slice across his upper arm as a bullet grazed him .
tr	NN	I need an update on his condition right now .
tr	NNS	First I manage two skips .
tr	NNS	" How many whistles we get ? "
tr	NNS	But especially , where were the press and the media -- my own peers -- and our investigative journalists ? "
tr	NNS	He walked the last fifty yards to the Inn , letting his legs cool down .
tr	NN	She locked every single dead bolt on the door before sliding to the floor .
tr	NNS	Very slowly she put down her wineglass .
tr	NNS	She then walked a few paces to the door which now opened , accompanied with the recognizable hiss of air .
tr	NNS	Leaning against the railing , I looked thirty yards beyond , staring into the woods , which started abruptly where the grass ended .
tr	NN	Inside the giant space ship they could see the inner hull but apart from that the ship seemed to be completely empty .
tr	NN	They can see the spaceship as well .
tr	NN	" I have a proposition for you . "
tr	NN	Hail Holloway played the keyboard .
tr	NN	Brad threw the rope around his shoulder again as he glanced behind us .
tr	NN	His smile held sin .
tr	NNS	" You 'll provide the funds to pay my men extra ? "
tr	NNS	" Watch the twins .
tr	NN	Jacob sensed my discomfort as I watched the woman hustle away like her life depended on it .
tr	NN	" Nurse , you have no objection to our verifying your observation scientifically ? "
tr	NN	I have a squad down there right now checking it out . "
tr	NNS	Stella and Daniel roamed the stacks and made their list , coming back periodically to dump file folders bursting with paper onto the drafting table .
tr	NN	She scratched her bunny between the ears and placed it down gently .
tr	NN	He had just the right tool for this dangerous part of the job .
tr	NNS	The city has gone wheels off , and the council can 't do anything about it .
tr	NNS	Balthazar came nearer , but already it was harder for her to see him .
tr	NNS	Shana had her doubts .
tr	NN	But you owe me a back massage for waking me up this early , and it better be a good one . "
tr	NNS	You use your mutant capabilities to create advantages for yourself no one else has , and then play God .
tr	NNS	This would kill two birds with one stone .
tr	NN	As their ship neared the wharf , Ambrose dropped the sail .
tr	NN	" I can definitely warm a bench .
tr	NNS	He would play cards with me , and not the way Aunt Sarah did .
tr	NN	Beyond them , the Pacific glows a warm purple tinged with orange from the swiftly setting sun .
tr	NNS	" Don 't make jokes , Luca .
tr	NN	The Realm requires blind obedience and subservience . "
tr	NN	" Stub your toe again because I 'm sure hearing a lot of cursing behind me . "
tr	NN	Pressing the key into the lock , I turned the knob .
tr	NNS	This one had runners instead of wheels .
tr	NNS	Can 't I leave one rule unbroken ? "
tr	NN	Then it stated my height and weight .
tr	NNS	The bullets tore small chunks of asphalt out of the ground near her feet as she ran .
tr	NNS	He pulled down his covers .
tr	NN	I pry the lid off and shake out the contents .
tr	NNS	I returned their stares as I made my way down the stone road near the different buildings filled with shops , restaurants , and other things .
tr	NNS	I like the older models . "
tr	NN	He opens a drawer on his desk and takes out a thick book .
tr	NNS	She was enjoying some post sex bliss , and I was more than happy to let her .
tr	NNS	I had serious doubts .
tr	NNS	She was rapidly approaching numbness .
tr	NNS	The bleakness there shriveled her insides .
tr	NN	" Last transmission , kill code to execute in 30 days .
tr	NN	She was already at his side , lowering the talisman .
tr	NN	I 'm taking the braid out of my hair .
tr	NN	He spied a flower street vendor on the next corner over .
tr	NN	Rann holds the horn , with loose reins .
tr	NNS	Only last month , they 'd spray-painted the offices of a Colorado congressman who sought restrictions on the state 's Indian casinos .
tr	NNS	" Oh , you mean the twenty members who haven 't gotten an inflated paycheck yet ? "
tr	NN	He gathered up the file , returning it to its hiding place and then turned to the notebook still on the floor .
tr	NN	He couldn 't see any gain in it for Hunter , the shares aside .
tr	NNS	asked Becky " That guy just gives me the creeps and I don 't want him leering at me . "
tr	NNS	I shook the cards out of their box , cut the deck , and then shuffled them back together .
tr	NNS	You can do dishes . "
tr	NN	Adam punches a pass code into a keypad by a massive steel door .
tr	NNS	' You have no doubts about your board 's approval ? '
tr	NNS	Max filled two cups with coffee and brought them both to the table .
tr	NNS	The Red and the Black teams had the highest points , followed by the Green , White , and Blue teams .
tr	NN	Hawk continued half-heartedly , " By afternoon perhaps both the weather and Teresa will be in better shape for us to travel . "
tr	NNS	because he was poaching deer .
tr	NN	Their shoulders will just barely clear the shaft .
tr	NNS	Sometimes I just play childhood tapes in my head and relive past joys .
tr	NNS	The cool evening air carried on it scents of wood shavings from the newly built stands .
tr	NNS	For a start , you make too many assumptions .
tr	NNS	Evie made arrangements to have a wrecker tow the truck to the marina .
tr	NN	Kylie returned the gesture .
tr	NN	" We will create justice again on earth and bring God back to the Garden of Eden after it was expelled by our selfish delusions . "
tr	NNS	So you would be growing vegetables ? "
tr	NN	Her fingers only graze the lowest branch , then she lands back on the ground .
tr	NNS	" A moment ago you questioned my ethics , but more importantly , you questioned my compassion and civility .
tr	NNS	Avery Hall had three succession houses .
tr	NN	Breedlove ran a bath .
tr	NN	More likely he 'd suggest a truce : If she didn 't say anything bad about Robert , he wouldn 't say anything about Cain .
tr	NN	I ripped open a second drawer , fighting back tears , looking for more current pictures .
tr	NN	I got a psycho like Rob to show me .
tr	NN	Do not ask any further ; for this is not the time to ask and answer ; Run !
tr	NNS	He held his palms up to the sunny sky .
tr	NNS	We don 't often get second chances , not in life or in love .
tr	NN	Dani shook her head fervently .
tr	NNS	It wouldn 't show tire marks .
tr	NN	" May I ask a favor ? "
tr	NN	We can remove the sash and work inside rather than tackle the job from outside .
tr	NN	" Do you enjoy the misery ?
tr	NN	A little shiver ran up my spine .
tr	NN	Clancy placed a towel around his shoulders and he quickly dried his hair .
tr	NN	Theo touched his giant pinky to her tiny one , locking in the pinky swears .
tr	NNS	He needed robots , not children . "
tr	NN	Until we reach the artifact .
tr	NNS	Auntie Dagmar has given me reading assignments . "
tr	NN	She checked a clock hanging on the wall at the far end ; it was after midnight - she 'd slept for more than twelve hours .
tr	NN	It ´ s getting hotter in here all of a sudden .
tr	NN	Skyler made a quick gesture beside her and caught her eye .
tr	NN	" You play an instrument ? "
tr	NNS	One of them gave me the creeps , however .
tr	NNS	I 'd always had doubts .
tr	NN	Now we were seeing a new construction made by a new creature , and it was again difficult to conceive how it might have been made .
tr	NN	I had a midnight curfew that night so he rented a hotel room and we told my mother we were going to the movie theater .
tr	NN	I walked up the little hill to Jane 's headstone , already in place .
tr	NN	His fingertips as much as his eyes picked out the Aramaic lettering impressed on one side .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have any specialized titles or classification , but she had nonetheless gained recognition within the company .
tr	NN	He will not have his usual patience .
tr	NN	We would need some marker to find this place at night .
tr	NNS	" We 've been fighting off small bands of men for nearly a year .
tr	NN	She opened a drawer to stuff in her bag , surveying the disaster around her .
tr	NNS	Already he 'd gotten texts from Sorin and Seth .
tr	NN	He told Cash to perch on the windowsill behind the sofa .
tr	NNS	All my vehicles are out delivering supplies , but they should return by the morning . "
tr	NN	Thank god for Tyson !
tr	NNS	Your eyes speak volumes , Eva . "
tr	NNS	Near as many lowered their cups , or turned them upside down as Ball had done .
tr	NN	I felt that miserable ache in my chest .
tr	NN	He had no recourse but to leave her ; came to us for help .
tr	NNS	Jace 's words made the numbness in my heart start to spread .
tr	NN	As gently as possible , she lifted the blood-soaked towel from his left shoulder and poured a liberal dose of alcohol on the wound .
tr	NNS	She gave the canisters in the airlock a brief inspection .
tr	NN	" At least take some advice .
tr	NNS	' You 've got your instructions , ' he told his sons .
tr	NN	We 've released these topside .
tr	NNS	I filled the cups halfway with water , knowing that I 'd spill them otherwise .
tr	NNS	" Sutton , fill up the goblets . "
tr	NNS	Why had I dismissed my senses so quickly ?
tr	NN	Even though I was lying down , I felt a little dizzy with adrenaline as I gazed up into Jake 's soft , warm eyes .
tr	NNS	" Stand back Jess !
tr	NNS	At eight in the evening the same train returned workers to the station , where they made their way back to their tiny apartments for the night .
tr	NN	He opened the fridge and handed me a carton of pulpy orange juice and watched me as I made my drink .
tr	NNS	Frank rubbed the balls of his thumbs together .
tr	NNS	" Surely the nightclub owner has seen what 's going on , he won 't want drugs in his club . "
tr	NN	I released the tape measure so it wound back up into its metal coil , slapping my legs as it went .
tr	NN	She licked his shaft and explored his crown .
tr	NN	The police have a suspect in custody with overwhelming evidence of murder .
tr	NN	One of the armed men threw yellowish powder at them .
tr	NN	She felt the possibilities narrowing for her .
tr	NN	They had turkey and macaroni and cheese for dinner , and after her bath , they read the same stories they always did .
tr	NNS	" I 've seen old mines before .
tr	NN	The guard lowered his rifle and obeyed .
tr	NN	" He 's one of my crew , I don 't leave anybody behind . "
tr	NN	He was , of coarse , using the demonstration to his advantage , grinding against me every time I touched back down on the saddle .
tr	NN	My fingers touched black tape against the black rack .
tr	NNS	But now ... " We ' l nail up the boards together , " he said firmly , and went off to get a hammer and nails .
tr	NN	Don 't have a stroke .
tr	NNS	And she can feel her insides twisting up .
tr	NNS	You can ask my sisters . "
tr	NNS	" One hundred and fifteen dollars and ninety-three cents . "
tr	NNS	Both of you guys have families -- you have parents that love and support you .
tr	NN	Zoey could see the interloper clearly now .
tr	NN	Tell the nurse she needs something to calm the nerves . "
tr	NNS	Her silky voice ruffled his nerve endings .
tr	NN	I want the vanquished to stay dead , but I need some remains .
tr	NNS	Cold wind whistles around the doorway , where torn stumps of a fire escape protrude from the wall .
tr	NN	He pulled his trunk out from beneath the table , then opened it and poured Vin a small pouch of pewter beads .
tr	NN	He didn 't have the spine or the imagination for murder . "
tr	NNS	Some were constructing houses .
tr	NN	I unplug and check our location on the star charts , then punch the air .
tr	NNS	They typically keep their noses to the grindstone . "
tr	NN	Energy eased into me , spilling along my synapses and neurons , gathering to a warm pool in my chi .
tr	NNS	Two of the orphans were cleaning dishes .
tr	NN	Will kept his arm draped around me during the trip and I nestled in his embrace .
tr	NNS	" At first they made attempts to free her , and I had to kill several of them .
tr	NNS	The act spoke volumes about the person , or rather witch , she was .
tr	NNS	We were pressed inches from each other .
tr	NNS	She decided to change the subject , she took the knives and put them into her wide belt .
tr	NNS	" I make no excuses for my choices , counselor .
tr	NN	Cody headed up the ramp .
tr	NNS	But she does have less violent methods .
tr	NN	I would retain the crown , with the line of succession passing to your son upon my death or retirement .
tr	NN	I can 't find that damn document you wanted me to get and I 'm not coming back tomorrow to get it !
tr	NNS	I couldn 't afford any delays right now .
tr	NN	" You and her fight , the winning winner uses the image maker inside the IG . "
tr	NN	He held up the painting that the male nurse had brought him .
tr	NNS	My knees brace her thighs and I capture her wrists , pinning them over her head .
tr	NN	He deserves some solitude after what he just did .
tr	NN	Mary should have a sibling . "
tr	NNS	" I had some doubts about you in the beginning when I read your resume . "
tr	NNS	Back in our last town , my boyfriend had snuck cigarettes to me .
tr	NNS	A woman gives the man she desires , a cooked meal , or a back rub , or a baby , showing her affection .
tr	NNS	But to him it still summoned up visions of a woman .
tr	NNS	And I eat all my vegetables . "
tr	NNS	Even as a child , he had whispered tales of melting .
tr	NNS	This death vampire had amazing sword skills , strong enough to match Gideon .
tr	NN	It showed a quarter past nine at night .
tr	NNS	The sun glinted off its bright buildings , old and new alike and the harbor was full of the most luxurious yachts in the world .
tr	NNS	He fires two more shots unbelievably quick , and the two walkers in front of me drop to the floor .
tr	NN	I lay on the mat , not wanting to get up and face the eyes of the rec center .
tr	NN	" Reuben Fine coined that phrase , if I 'm not mistaken . "
tr	NN	Max let out a groan , each blow driving him farther down .
tr	NNS	Around the outside perimeter were engraved roman numbers to identify the hour .
tr	NN	I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NN	Thank goodness I looked up at the last minute .
tr	NN	Tired of her screams , one of them tied a gag on her and then they left her , helpless tears running down her face .
tr	NN	Jackson had an eclectic collection of movies , but I raised an eyebrow as I picked up one DVD .
tr	NNS	She had already made those arrangements .
tr	NN	We can finally perfect humanity . "
tr	NN	With a tensing of muscles , he slid off the bench and started walking back toward the sidewalk .
tr	NNS	The water looked mystical .
tr	NNS	Maybe I 'm not making things adventurous enough . "
tr	NNS	The canoes made several trips until all the braves in the party were across .
tr	NNS	My gun only has two shots , so I must be careful .
tr	NN	Leon grunted his disagreement .
tr	NNS	Their navies attacked each other 's ships , supporting attempted invasion fleets .
tr	NN	That grandson of yours has a reputation for playing it fast and loose with the ladies . "
tr	NNS	The lab managers even had meetings once every two weeks to discuss changes to the way things are done and just to touch bases .
tr	NNS	He made strangling noises while frantically kicking his legs .
tr	NN	I watched the video you sent .
tr	NNS	This muddies the waters .
tr	NN	Misty had that effect on him , and it was extremely nice , especially after another bitter exchange of words with his father .
tr	NNS	Cooter came racing backstage .
tr	NN	Jaxon stirred , moaned softly as if in memory , and then he felt her heart slam hard .
tr	NN	Please show your patience and leave me alone .
tr	NN	" I don 't detect a family resemblance . "
tr	NN	Fire filled his insides and reality pounded at him as he forced himself to rise to his feet .
tr	NNS	But I can 't just hand him the pages from the packet and still keep the book .
tr	NNS	You need the whole nine yards I take it . "
tr	NN	I would see their creation soon enough anyway .
tr	NN	I have water phobia ; I 'm afraid of deep water .
tr	NNS	" She can 't get her powers back .
tr	NNS	Bonnie and I both saw the brightness - we both did .
tr	NN	" I like my independence .
tr	NN	Another weary floorboard gave away the location of the intruder above .
tr	NN	Although he 'd made mistakes in the past he took this responsibility seriously .
tr	NN	She crushed the crown with her hands .
tr	NN	The wind filled the sail as soon as the tide lifted us off the sandbar .
tr	NN	' I don 't know nothin ' about birthing no puppies . " '
tr	NNS	He might have folding fangs , maybe tipped with venom .
tr	NN	Rick backed up the video and paused it ; Anna had finished changing and came out from behind the seat .
tr	NN	Maybe they could collapse the pier ?
tr	NNS	" We 've got issues between us , Parker .
tr	NNS	It would take generations to eradicate all that , but if there was a people in the world who could , it was the Greeks .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my skinned palms while I surveyed our situation .
tr	NNS	" Scholars of the lowland kingdoms have spent generations trying to figure out the Ballantine family 's long term plan .
tr	NNS	She opened her senses and studied the front steps .
tr	NN	He pushed off the railing and walked toward a tall willow tree in the middle of a grassy field .
tr	NN	she handed his lightning rod back .
tr	NN	" Like a whip ? "
tr	NNS	He tied the wires that held the ammo to the long piece of wire on the ground .
tr	NN	Not allowing her body to settle , Fin crawled up her frame and sunk into her body .
tr	NN	I hated that bull .
tr	NN	Her shoulder length brown hair had a shine to it and she had brown eyes to match .
tr	NN	She pushed open her umbrella on the front porch .
tr	NN	Hail , rain , wind and lightning kept up the onslaught .
tr	NNS	Chase massaged his temples gingerly and sighed .
tr	NNS	Nicky 's mouth found my breasts , lifting me in his arms so he could suck them while still on his knees .
tr	NN	When I look back , I see a wad of gauze in Uriah 's hand .
tr	NNS	He stomped the last few blocks to his office , stepped down to cross the street and swore as he heard the car horn .
tr	NNS	All ze big labels that said there 's no future for three piece rock outfits now battling to get hold of us . '
tr	NNS	She and Christopher had been doing shots of tequila in the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Victor rose and surveyed the shattered ruins of the compound .
tr	NN	We might have fish for dinner . "
tr	NNS	" We could wear bathing suits and make grass skirts . "
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers off the bed and grabbed some jeans and sweater to wear to take her dog for a walk .
tr	NNS	" You take over , Elissa , " he said fervently .
tr	NNS	Then , while you are wriggling , they snip little bits off you until there 's almost nothing left .
tr	NNS	And to keep his damned fangs from showing .
tr	NNS	" Rise and shine , gentlemen and ladies !
tr	NN	Sliding his finger through her wet slit , he pinched her cl * t causing more pain .
tr	NNS	I could see the familiar shops and landmarks .
tr	NN	If I killed Darius , Steve could justify his cruelty and continue .
tr	NN	She took the towel and shimmied it on her head .
tr	NNS	Andy and I headed a few floors down to where Maria said there was another fairly nice suite that we could use .
tr	NNS	" The British company will spend less than one billion dollars and will make money from taking happy people into space for a ride .
tr	NNS	Of course they cooked the better meals where the prisoners could smell it .
tr	NNS	" Now , Jet , " gran began quickly , " Do not make hasty assumptions on things you do not understand . "
tr	NN	In the distance she could see a flock of bats circling the river just beyond the castle walls .
tr	NN	" Someone 's making hydrogen . "
tr	NN	You can manipulate space-time without a focus , but it 's a little harder . "
tr	NN	He finished the wrap and lifted her into his arms .
tr	NNS	Nash , Dylan , and Jake have had consecutive numbers on their football jerseys for as long as I can remember .
tr	NN	Over his arm , he held a wrap for Gail .
tr	NNS	" Right before I left Boston , before Des died , I was securing systems for a group that , well , the particulars aren 't important .
tr	NN	It had a dull brown lump on the end , no bigger than a marble .
tr	NNS	Did you see yourselves carrying an old lady while running towards the Anvil ? "
tr	NN	The silence returned , a snake that slithered around its prey and choked .
tr	NNS	Liz closed the drapes to their apartment and looked down at the street below .
tr	NNS	All they have to do is present their RR cards to prove they are residents of Sector 45 , and they will be granted amnesty .
tr	NN	I can feel a sheen of sweat developing on my forehead as I ascend .
tr	NNS	In a room full of people taller than himself , the two children at his side drew stares from all directions .
tr	NNS	With lightning speed , Warrior snaps its jaws and appears to swallow Jason .
tr	NNS	For the next hour , the four of us brainstormed different scenarios back and forth .
tr	NN	A shiver went up my spine .
tr	NNS	He pulled out his contacts and flicked them into the trash .
tr	NN	I broached my final argument .
tr	NNS	Larissa knocked the blocks down and turned back to smile at Sadie as if she understood what the girl had said and wanted to show off .
tr	NN	A ghastly expression of profound surprise suffused his handsome visage and he let go and fell .
tr	NNS	The thought of spending any more time with that monster made shudders of revulsion race up and down her back , but she stood .
tr	NNS	The individual Sentient Machines used numbers as names .
tr	NNS	Edmunds was setting up cameras to watch the sphere .
tr	NNS	Three hours later , she 'd completed several new web pages .
tr	NN	I peel the magazine from my midriff and offer it to Thayer .
tr	NN	She picked up the receiver of her telephone .
tr	NN	Only the brightness of her eyes gave away her grief .
tr	NN	" What second proposal ? "
tr	NN	A motorcyclist has much less protection .
tr	NN	She pulled the stolen volunteer tag from her sweater , dropping it in a corner trash bin before getting on the elevator .
tr	NNS	Go away , dumbass .
tr	NN	The rover crested a nearby dune with the trailer in tow .
tr	NNS	Her dad had bought torches that smelled like that .
tr	NN	She set her basket down and started rushing towards her dog .
tr	NNS	" You have the powers of your forefathers .
tr	NNS	They had bought many beers and occasionally he poured into glasses and sipped .
tr	NN	I pictured the soil loosening and giving way under my fingertips .
tr	NN	Demetri gave his brother a glare before reaching for my hand and kissing it .
tr	NNS	But our Rosa had no such fears , for her speed limitations put her beyond any such risks .
tr	NN	They 'd gotten pasta with chicken and a mushroom sauce that could be put together quickly .
tr	NNS	Though he had visited it on occasion , he knew very few specifics .
tr	NN	I 've got a reputation to protect .
tr	NN	Should have penetrated that tight , wet sheath .
tr	NN	Another camp is applied philosophy .
tr	NN	Her mother adopted the lawyer 's persona she used in court and was going to play judge and jury while Danni sat in the defendant 's chair .
tr	NN	Ben gave me a mock salute .
tr	NNS	The men were not wearing formal black suits .
tr	NN	Did I really use a bat ?
tr	NNS	The snow had already accumulated several inches , and he stumbled in the crevice of his own footprints .
tr	NN	I liked the sweet gesture .
tr	NN	Jason watched the arrow sail past the trunk of the tree that couldn 't have been more than twenty-five yards away .
tr	NNS	I have no skills at all that can benefit anyone in this world ! "
tr	NNS	They beached their canoes and the Indians led the group along the one mile trail to the great river .
tr	NN	A large palmetto bug took wing from the wall to escape the light .
tr	NN	Gin , like the liquor .
tr	NNS	" They apparently offer classes . "
tr	NNS	How is focusing our efforts there going to make things different today ?
tr	NNS	Gabe tossed his cards onto the cushion between them .
tr	NNS	Damion passed through a couple dark hallways with closed doors .
tr	NNS	In all her excitement to see whomever the hell she 'd been talking to , she hadn 't even given me directions .
tr	NNS	" Most families would have umbrellas waiting in the vestibule or whatever , but we don 't have a vestibule , much less an umbrella . "
tr	NNS	With a huge lump in my throat , I lifted the covers and climbed silently into bed .
tr	NNS	You showed strong leadership abilities during the field exercise .
tr	NN	Thank goodness your cute friend stopped in time .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes .
tr	NN	He pulled down an apparatus connected to a hydraulic arm .
tr	NNS	" We haven 't used those metals for tattoos in centuries . "
tr	NNS	Just two empty sockets that stared out into the room .
tr	NNS	In my defense , I have never seen antiques so well taken care of from that time-period outside of a museum .
tr	NN	I don 't have the patience for this . "
tr	NN	Jeff threw the rope at the shovel and walked calmly past Willy .
tr	NNS	Fate brings us opportunities when we least expect it .
tr	NN	The figure paid the officer no heed and suddenly sprinted off to the right .
tr	NN	Don 't you see the relevance here ?
tr	NNS	He made hand signals to the rest that the trail led straight ahead .
tr	NN	I just didn 't know what category I fell into .
tr	NN	This time she had a tooth .
tr	NN	Can I shield the magic emitting from my apartment so neither watchers or Hunter Demons show up in the first place ? "
tr	NNS	I centered the front cameras on the gate area and waited .
tr	NNS	I 've delivered supplies to military bases for years .
tr	NNS	After a few more words the policewoman gave her apologies and left Lisa alone .
tr	NN	She read the certainty of victory in the amber depths , surety that he 'd win everything he wanted .
tr	NN	" I 've got some leftover beef stew in the house .
tr	NNS	With a groan I pulled off her sweats and hovered over her .
tr	NNS	And I saw his innocent expectations there .
tr	NNS	" When did you give me my powers ? "
tr	NN	Sebastian doubted his first impression .
tr	NNS	She had many nightmares ahead to endure , and this dream was only one of them .
tr	NNS	Rather than dying off , they could multiply their numbers and keep humanity on its final stand .
tr	NN	He picked up the receiver on his phone and pressed a button .
tr	NN	I picked up the heavier item , but definitely left the awkward bits for her to juggle .
tr	NNS	" Except I don 't think your attitude is winning you any points with the police . "
tr	NNS	" Have you had any visions of my past ? "
tr	NNS	I placed the roses in a cup from the bathroom and filled it with water .
tr	NNS	Some had swords , others had butcher knives , skinning knives , pitch forks - anything that could be used as a weapon .
tr	NNS	But TV 's don 't usually take up eighty inches of wall space .
tr	NN	With her foot , Kate pushed a trashcan in front of the woman .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples again .
tr	NNS	Without consciously thinking , she ran her sweaty palms down the sides of her skirt and took a tentative step forward .
tr	NNS	" You 're talking fire balls and moving objects with your mind .
tr	NN	I get a powdered doughnut and a black coffee , then go stand next to a window where I can see the entire room .
tr	NNS	" If you 're not interested , I could make some arrangements with Stephanie Nelle .
tr	NN	If there was an award for taking things out of context , William would have won the gold medal .
tr	NNS	Pansy chopped vegetables on a board on her lap in the living room and watched football with Drew .
tr	NN	She opened the keyboard .
tr	NNS	The new ideas emphasized interactions among continuously evolving forms .
tr	NNS	" He 'll hit any pockets of resistance with them , use them as a hammer . "
tr	NNS	Did she dare dial 911 ?
tr	NNS	She laid utensils down , utensils that Aria hated but had grown accustomed to in the palace .
tr	NNS	She didn 't even remember telling them she had lost her old contacts .
tr	NN	And anyone can gain celebrity status without even leaving his house .
tr	NNS	Maybe she 'd read some contraception pamphlets to pass the time .
tr	NN	" You have a pen ? "
tr	NNS	If we wed now , it would cause issues , now that Octavian 's name is loose .
tr	NN	Once he was up , he drew a .22 caliber pistol and screwed a suppressor onto the end of the barrel .
tr	NNS	He stopped just a few inches from her .
tr	NNS	Part of him doesn 't regret his actions , doesn 't wish to take back what he did .
tr	NN	his professor put down his pen and peeked at the camera 's out of the corner of his eye .
tr	NNS	He hooks the two reins , one on each side of the walkway , and continues to saddle up the horse .
tr	NN	One word of difference disguised the vast gulf between the two women .
tr	NNS	" Four thousand bucks .
tr	NNS	He 'd marshaled everyone 's efforts to get the most efficient operation going .
tr	NN	What if your biggest rival in college got the technology and went back , stole your ideas , and put himself on your career path .
tr	NN	But to make matters worse , his brethren held no respect for him .
tr	NN	She opened her bottom drawer and took out her purse .
tr	NNS	He renewed his efforts to paddle westward with the fear driving him .
tr	NN	In the handful of years Jess had known him , he 'd grown wilder with every passing season .
tr	NN	" So is feigned moral superiority , Sally . "
tr	NN	" Now shut yo trap , Stile .
tr	NN	The man gave an eloquent shrug .
tr	NN	I lift my comforter and he climbs inside .
tr	NNS	" If I 'd known we 'd be sitting out here for an hour , I 'd have brought some beers and a cooler . "
tr	NN	She put a pillow under her husband as Mariah returned with the sheets .
tr	NN	Took your solar battery and memory chip . "
tr	NN	He 's teaching fifth grade this year .
tr	NNS	He gently lay the covers back up over her shoulders .
tr	NNS	At Jennifer 's department , everyone shared the same facilities .
tr	NN	Once there , he lit a candle he had brought along with him .
tr	NN	I stifled a tiny groan of pain and pleasure .
tr	NN	Tara 's letter should offer some measure of proof . "
tr	NN	She sent a smoldering glare .
tr	NN	He tried the knob , but it was still locked .
tr	NN	I needed his input .
tr	NNS	" The gods that cursed these lands ten years ago damned the witches centuries before that . "
tr	NN	The work process may not need specialized learning but the profession of media requires a special mindset , aptitude and attitude .
tr	NN	The impressive stonework of the castle towered over the sprawling valley below .
tr	NNS	After a couple of minutes pushing the processing power of the old laptop he asked , " You got 50 pages in the printer of yours ? "
tr	NN	Sally brought the ale over to the Traders ' table by the window and set it skillfully down in front of them without spilling a drop .
tr	NN	She 's not wearing a veil and her long messy brown hair reaches her waist and is all over the place .
tr	NN	She 's calling you a hypocrite , Aunt Tatiana whispered to me , venom in her voice .
tr	NNS	" She offered me a thousand dollars a week to help her . "
tr	NNS	They traded and gathered supplies and spent their time mostly on the very few neutral planets that existed along the borders of the various space empires .
tr	NNS	He 'd find the bliss of nothingness soon enough .
tr	NN	This is called kidnapping .
tr	NNS	" We need the dock workers , that 's not in question .
tr	NN	Gideon swore a vile oath .
tr	NNS	Some of them wore fake fangs and pretended to drink blood .
tr	NNS	While I fail to understand your motives , I have my contacts inside the community now and have heard much .
tr	NN	Gathering Whitney 's small body into the curve of hers , Allie kissed her temple .
tr	NNS	The kid had got smears of stuff that had once been teddy bear biscuits on Ben 's jeans .
tr	NNS	You will receive your group assignments later this evening . "
tr	NNS	Marc came home wounded , and made the news when he was turned down for a job at a department store .
tr	NN	We have the pup as well .
tr	NNS	Waves after waves bounced off the detected ships and were immediately recorded in all six of the fleet 's shipboard computers .
tr	NNS	Corky lay ten yards away at the end of a taut tether attached to them .
tr	NN	I am still holding the vinegar . "
tr	NNS	As I looked at his chiseled face staring from under the visor , I had visions of watching him spar and fight in Egypt so long ago .
tr	NN	I get one joy in this dimwit ridden life and you manage to join your ineptitude and take it away from me ! "
tr	NNS	I let the numbness of the pill slink into my body and drag me into the dark .
tr	NN	Peter snagged a housekeeping uniform off a hook .
tr	NNS	He suckled her breasts and teased the curve of her belly and hip .
tr	NN	" My grandmother knew the language but never taught me . "
tr	NNS	He knelt over the coals of a small fire and warmed a tortilla in a skillet .
tr	NN	No phantasm would be wearing such equipment .
tr	NNS	She walked down several aisles in the maze of cubicles with desks built in and stacks of papers and files on every desk .
tr	NN	The scorpion crawled up the sole of her shoe and onto her ankle .
tr	NNS	We would then prepare our packs for the hike .
tr	NN	But ... I should respect donor who , with a good heart brought this from the other end of Bird 's World . '
tr	NNS	She repeated the caress twice more before he released an explosive sigh .
tr	NN	She gave him a mock salute .
tr	NN	" How about accepting my fate ? "
tr	NNS	You would inherit these abilities , but you would also pay the same price . "
tr	NN	And no , I will not be placing compulsion to make the decision come out in my favor .
tr	NNS	That he could look at the positive at a time like this and not be angry or bitter over the injustice spoke volumes about his character .
tr	NNS	Over the next six months Connie flew more dangerous recce missions for Olaf .
tr	NN	Donny stopped pacing and stared at her .
tr	NN	Usually the postal system destroyed at least one quarter of his mail .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths as he spoke , trying to calm the panic that bloomed inside of me at his words .
tr	NNS	Open yards where people were up despite the late hour , cutting bandages and boiling them in enormous vats .
tr	NNS	After all , he 'd spent countless centuries in this place and had sworn never to return once he 'd escaped .
tr	NNS	The Joes quietly dropped their packs and established a perimeter .
tr	NN	Then he thrust a magazine toward Hephaestus and held out a pen .
tr	NN	" But tomorrow I 'll put my uniform back on and the next time I see him I 'll be dusting the library . "
tr	NN	" Just because you broke one door in , and don 't lag behind when hiking through the woods , doesn 't mean crap . "
tr	NNS	The kids got off their bikes and made their way up the slope towards him .
tr	NN	Halfway through , I paused the video .
tr	NNS	" Then check the cameras in the neighboring zones .
tr	NNS	He grinned , confidence and mischief sparkling in his eyes .
tr	NN	He heard her quick but subtle exhalation as she absorbed his frank admission .
tr	NN	Lukas gave him a hard appraisal .
tr	NN	I designed this translator in my spare time . "
tr	NN	He brushed back a strand of black hair that had escaped from a long ponytail .
tr	NN	I matched his businesslike demeanor , and provided my feedback .
tr	NNS	I know my clients .
tr	NNS	Of course , you can transfer the funds anywhere you wish as soon as you go in and sign their paperwork .
tr	NN	The others reluctantly followed her example .
tr	NN	she asked the waiter when he put a second glass of tomato juice next to the one she 'd barely touched .
tr	NNS	Logan and I had various fencing tutors throughout the years , a blessing really .
tr	NN	It signified mistrust of a Captain , and was among the first signs of mutiny .
tr	NNS	He had magical powers .
tr	NN	Pointing to Alvarez , he said , " Take this snake and his pack mule with you . "
tr	NNS	My father loses his wits sometimes and thinks he is a beggar .
tr	NN	He could feel a big lump already rising out of his scalp .
tr	NN	' Well , that 's tomorrow up the spout for a start . '
tr	NN	Giggling , she pinched my nipple through the thin cotton of my shirt and I burst out laughing .
tr	NNS	How many days had she lain here senseless ? '
tr	NNS	He started eating again , the carrots and turnips , the stewed apples , then with his fingers he picked up the chunks of pork and duck .
tr	NN	Lia looked a little miffed at the hurried and informal good bye .
tr	NNS	But from the moment the band stepped into the stage 's humidity the hormones raged infecting every soul in the room .
tr	NN	He tapped the jar with the pen Stuart had discarded .
tr	NN	That way , no battlefield enemy can get the technology .
tr	NNS	" I have some biscuits -- should you like them ? "
tr	NNS	When lunchtime rolled around , I watched the students filing down the hall toward the cafeteria , then turned and went in the opposite direction .
tr	NN	A man in a navy blue uniform was directing the flow of traffic , turning the cars away from the full lot .
tr	NN	Shortly afterwards I heard a shout , and he pushed through the crowd and called to two policemen on duty there . "
tr	NN	You may request a review if you choose .
tr	NNS	Do not second guess your actions .
tr	NN	The lotus shaped shadow crept along the periphery of the glass .
tr	NNS	A search for " helmet " turned up more than 42 million pages , but that included things like motorcycle helmets .
tr	NN	Ben was giving him a hearty handshake as Matthew began his tour .
tr	NNS	I can 't fight the witches -- this time , they 'll tear me to pieces and make sure I 'm dead for good . "
tr	NN	And here , take the extra ammo .
tr	NNS	I 'll pluck your eyeballs . "
tr	NN	With the other , he yanked the silky material off her shoulder .
tr	NN	Jonas slapped the notepad down on the table .
tr	NNS	On Saturday , the Sheriff notified Scores of a report of a car antenna breaking the surface of Hamilton Cove on the West end of Lake Hearken .
tr	NN	So I doused my candle and made my way back to your room in the dark .
tr	NN	He saw a huge archway supported by four sets of columns .
tr	NN	For more information about our content disclosure , please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us HERE .
tr	NNS	He 's managed enough bands to know how it is .
tr	NNS	Ah , but fate still had a few tricks up its sleeve , and this particular trick was to make Vena hungry .
tr	NN	Taking that particular dirt road had the potential of being hazardous .
tr	NNS	You 'll come backstage , right ? "
tr	NN	Her lips touched the plastic as she fell into a deep sleep .
tr	NN	It had a rag stuffed halfway into it .
tr	NNS	Her breath turned shallow .
tr	NNS	It snaps its jaws again .
tr	NNS	I could feel our powers mixing .
tr	NN	" Don 't you want revenge ? "
tr	NNS	I picked up the two envelopes , stacking them neatly before holding them out for Mrs. Saunders to take back .
tr	NNS	I enjoyed the brightness and the steady warmth .
tr	NNS	He pushed racks aside and checked sizes .
tr	NNS	" Can you follow my markings up there , Owens ? "
tr	NN	' We 'll take my Audi .
tr	NN	For the first time in years , she caught a seriousness to her mother 's face that caused her gut to free-fall .
tr	NNS	I will melt the stony hearts of your enemies by my tears and prayers .
tr	NNS	As I 'm waiting a shiver racks my whole body and suddenly I feel overheated .
tr	NNS	Josie was no longer wearing her sundress .
tr	NNS	One section of the room had statues and artifacts .
tr	NNS	You want lemon ? "
tr	NN	' Evidently it made a lasting impression .
tr	NN	They were searching the wagon with bayonets .
tr	NN	He had also demonstrated a talent for taking me to daring heights I could not have anticipated .
tr	NNS	Eve had her own issues to deal with .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , I was counting noses .
tr	NNS	Dude , settle down , Ashe hissed mentally .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to look around and see if we were being watched .
tr	NN	I put my notepad in my pocket and strode over there as if I owned the place .
tr	NNS	We 've never raised a million dollars in six months before , never mind one night .
tr	NN	The way he tasted faintly of cinnamon .
tr	NN	So get your sweet little butt up already . "
tr	NN	When we finally reach an acceptable spot alone in a corner on the overlook , Nicole drops her joking manner and turns serious eyes on me .
tr	NNS	Danny was even now running errands for Bill Compton since he didn 't have to work at the lumberyard , which was closed on Sunday .
tr	NNS	Now that she knew him better , she had big-time doubts .
tr	NNS	Kate and Jason racked their brains to cover each and every contingency .
tr	NNS	The coachman quickly caught the reins and tugged the horses right again , but a bottleneck had already happened .
tr	NNS	" They tripped motion sensors and we spotted them on camera . "
tr	NNS	you will find all powers .
tr	NN	Thank goodness he had .
tr	NN	" Does she have an owner ? "
tr	NN	" We 're having bunny stew for dinner instead of chicken . "
tr	NNS	She ... " The remains of my Frappuccino melted in my hand as I watched Chloe ramble on , obviously excited about Aiden 's return .
tr	NN	I drew her heavy eyeliner to a point and spread coffin black eyeshadow on her lids .
tr	NN	On Monday I will conduct the auction .
tr	NNS	A tingle of magic warmed her palms .
tr	NN	" He 's having a breakdown .
tr	NNS	At the battle at the fortress , the Cossacks suffered very heavy losses .
tr	NNS	She refills both our cups and the bottle is empty .
tr	NN	She felt the looser ridge of gravel at the edge , and eased the van back to the left .
tr	NNS	For one thing , they didn 't have the famous rich navy blue uniforms with the slanted with L insignia .
tr	NN	He should not understand her language , what sounded like a mix of old Norse and old English , but he did .
tr	NN	She released the sash and let the silk robe fall open .
tr	NN	She quickly grabbed the umbrella and tried to re-set the lock .
tr	NN	I still felt pity for him .
tr	NN	They wouldn 't see the goodness in him like I did .
tr	NNS	Max and Sam exchanged grins , both of the men looking relieved that they didn 't have to brawl anymore .
tr	NNS	The timbre of his voice vibrated her senses .
tr	NNS	They had broken ranks and were drifting toward chairs , the sofa .
tr	NNS	She also loves dogs , books about dogs , and sugary coffee drinks both hot and cold .
tr	NNS	Animals in rotary cages slowly pulled broken engines or the rusty shells of cars along the main streets .
tr	NN	He roared his fury , brutal feelings he didn 't quite understand surging through him as he watched her battle across the room .
tr	NNS	He removed his fangs and began to suck , pushing into her deeper now .
tr	NNS	He paid each soldier his or her 10 gold coins and rewarded the officers with extra coins for their dedication .
tr	NNS	Jasmine noted several MVP awards , a few signed baseballs , a wooden bat with July 1984 etched on it .
tr	NN	But I could see the hunger in his eyes .
tr	NNS	" I take it you 've seen no noteworthy activities ?
tr	NNS	In his eyes , she saw loneliness , grief and need , all curable human conditions .
tr	NNS	The White Rock housed travelers , professional drinkers , and the like .
tr	NNS	I had mixed reactions to it all , but it 's made me confront some things I 've been putting off . "
tr	NNS	Weldon can lend some wolves to the cause , if you need to go hunting . "
tr	NNS	' Right we will , ' he said encouragingly .
tr	NNS	She must have dropped off items for the sale .
tr	NNS	" You will make our apologies to Mrs. Whitaker . "
tr	NNS	Chuck heard several workers grumbling .
tr	NNS	His answering chuckle sends butterflies to flight in my stomach .
tr	NN	Thank goodness the apartment complex had its own gym .
tr	NNS	She knows all the tricks .
tr	NNS	How about if I wore boxers ?
tr	NN	" To create a false impression . "
tr	NNS	She visited its indoor fountains and gardens .
tr	NN	" Look , you owe me you little prick !
tr	NN	Father put the pen to paper , and paused .
tr	NNS	She wore slouchy sweats and a T-shirt that could 've been Brian 's for the way it swallowed her .
tr	NNS	" Have you got your chores done , Son ? "
tr	NNS	We stood outside , Dylan and I. Out in the narrow garden .
tr	NNS	Deacon is at the cabin making marinated steaks . "
tr	NN	I only knew a handful of people , yet since Ray 's murder , someone robbed me and now someone sent me to the hospital .
tr	NN	Suddenly he remembered an important duty entrusted to him .
tr	NNS	That explained the noises .
tr	NNS	When would he ever hear these noises ?
tr	NN	I ignored the fatigue and kept on running to keep up with the others a few steps in front of me .
tr	NN	They crossed the threshold and stumbled into another room .
tr	NN	Instead , my hand touched a cloth , which was wrapped around my head to help the wound .
tr	NN	She moved her veil aside in order to see him better .
tr	NNS	The warmth of her skin heated his already overloaded senses .
tr	NN	Since I didn 't know what to say to that , I offered him a slice of cake instead .
tr	NNS	I gave her so many chances , and she blew them all . "
tr	NN	He also opened the refrigerator , which was similarly stocked with staples plus a chicken casserole ready to slide into the oven for her dinner tonight .
tr	NNS	" Cain has implemented some changes which have increased productivity and lowered Mark causalities .
tr	NN	He couldn 't tolerate all the red tape and protocol .
tr	NNS	As we start to descend into the lower levels of the building we encounter issues .
tr	NN	She shook off the shudder that threatened to run down her spine and returned her attention to the books .
tr	NNS	Ambrose heard muffled noises from the huts where his escort was quartered , but he feared that it was already too late for any systematic defence .
tr	NNS	I dug my thumbs in ferociously , and Airman turned to glance back .
tr	NNS	As Harry shuffled on , his aching knee in terrible pain , and every breath laboured , he now heard the dogs .
tr	NNS	The war had stopped all forms of communication .
tr	NN	Lena threw her towel aside .
tr	NNS	" It may not allow dragons , but I can assure you dragons are in there somewhere .
tr	NN	" I had a farm on the moon . "
tr	NN	He saw sorrow and heartache instead .
tr	NNS	Below lay the remains of his field .
tr	NN	It may have potential elsewhere . "
tr	NN	I grabbed the pen before the words could change .
tr	NN	" Here , drink this orange juice . "
tr	NN	She accepted the juice and he held it to her lips as she drank .
tr	NNS	" Don 't worry , " Jack replied , " they don 't have digestive systems . "
tr	NNS	They 're called libraries . "
tr	NNS	They 'd explain the two clubs and how they are a cover to steal innocent girls away .
tr	NNS	Liz was squeezing the peaches when she saw him .
tr	NNS	I shall make all those arrangements .
tr	NN	Everyone owes Sofie a favor .
tr	NNS	Second , I was only taking the classes I wanted to .
tr	NNS	I wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	I 'll handle any extra cost to speed the paperwork along . "
tr	NNS	With a boldness Gan found downright embarrassing , they inspected these fascinating , exotic travelers .
tr	NNS	I trusted my allies rather than crushing them into submission .
tr	NNS	They don 't like outsiders coming in , so they stay in the inner circle .
tr	NN	I had nobody but the gentle winds at my back to keep my friend and me company .
tr	NN	And thank goodness they were washable .
tr	NNS	She shot daggers at him with her eyes .
tr	NN	Her eyes carefully watched the monitor as names scrolled by in white and red colors .
tr	NN	He scanned the desert , looked up at the sun , which was now sliding down the far quadrant of the sky .
tr	NN	Say something compassionate , even if you have to fake it . "
tr	NN	Jack got the impression she would defend that action to the death .
tr	NN	" So you 've at least considered the possibility . "
tr	NN	A chill ran down my spine at the reminder .
tr	NNS	Did you say ' sons ' ? "
tr	NN	He simply wrapped his great girth around Logan in a warm , fatherly embrace .
tr	NN	She was showing him his Queen rather than his former wife .
tr	NN	said the bank teller .
tr	NN	She closed the lid as the doorbell rang .
tr	NN	He slammed the skillet down on the stove , irritated .
tr	NN	Give them a long straightaway and they 'd catch me .
tr	NNS	" He left the drugs in empty apartments and condos for other real estate agents . "
tr	NN	He added a command to her cousins to forget his invasion into their thoughts .
tr	NN	Reaching up , he picks a small clump of mud from my hair .
tr	NN	Tilting down , I bent my back whilst massaging my stomach slowly .
tr	NN	Watch the recording . "
tr	NN	I saw the low glow of lights in the distance , they encompassed a valley a few hills away from mine .
tr	NNS	I envisioned ghosts hiding behind the curtains , too shy to be photographed .
tr	NN	James untangled the rope in his arms and placed it in the truck .
tr	NNS	" I can see the stables ' pastures from where I 'm standing .
tr	NNS	" Again , many women don 't experience any changes .
tr	NN	I pulled out the laser pen and held it to the bottom of the van .
tr	NNS	" We changed arm bands with another baby .
tr	NN	I felt an irrational pang of jealousy .
tr	NN	" Then cut the cake , sweetheart , and let 's get out of here . "
tr	NNS	So basically I was like the little play thing between them , the bone between the two pissed off dogs .
tr	NNS	We join car pools ... " " But you have three cars , " Moses exclaimed .
tr	NN	He raised the wooden katana he was using .
tr	NNS	She pushed back the covers and didn 't even bother shoving her feet into her fuzzy warm slippers .
tr	NN	" Avoid 2B like the plague .
tr	NN	He pulled his pistol from the thigh holster .
tr	NNS	He was even picking up the scents from the nearby bathrooms , and they weren , t particularly unpleasant !
tr	NNS	I hated drunk drivers , despising the reckless , careless attitude that put them behind the wheel and endangered others .
tr	NN	Take possession of your tenement and let me fly from this place . '
tr	NNS	Many of them were held long spears in their bony hands and he could hear them laugh as they jabbed him with the sharp points .
tr	NNS	Good genes -- undoubtedly enhanced -- supportive families , followed by attending top Universities and then fast-tracked for success .
tr	NN	Use the emergency code ! "
tr	NNS	" They had doctors just for feet ? "
tr	NNS	Even then , my face leaves brown stains on the hand towel .
tr	NNS	You Yanks love your shovels .
tr	NNS	Unlike Elizabeth 's , however , Lady Langston 's eyes held no wariness , only the soft glow of a woman content with her lot .
tr	NN	" We have a truce .
tr	NNS	Ditch the psychology classes .
tr	NNS	He heard a soft hiss .
tr	NNS	A knock at the door drew both their attentions .
tr	NNS	" Your hallucination has hallucinations . "
tr	NN	Then he 'd give you the most compelling argument for believing in a strange relativity between good and evil .
tr	NN	She picked up a shopping basket and placed three of her chosen sunglasses inside .
tr	NNS	He had his doubts .
tr	NNS	Maybe they were losing clients to us .
tr	NN	We played basketball and we ate ice cream .
tr	NN	She found the greenery restful and was certain that the extra oxygen kept her sharp .
tr	NN	I grabbed our cheap all-in-one shampoo and massaged it into his hair as he sighed happily .
tr	NN	" I have total faith in you , darling . "
tr	NN	Julian could now see any aspect of his life , but Chris didn 't care .
tr	NNS	She 's had her abilities since birth . "
tr	NNS	Yet she had seen ghosts in the halls of the White Tower , and the corridors seemed to rearrange on a daily basis .
tr	NNS	I have racked my brains and lain awake at night these past weeks but to no avail .
tr	NN	Not to accept any fate , unless it was the one I chose .
tr	NNS	I pushed the heaviness from my lungs and reached out to twist a single lock of silken hair around my index finger .
tr	NN	" Hello , " I said absently , already digging in my backpack for the check I was going to hand over .
tr	NNS	She pushed the covers aside and got to her feet .
tr	NN	" We didn 't mean no harm by it . "
tr	NNS	Sofie made arrangements for regular provisions .
tr	NNS	" Like restaurants ? "
tr	NNS	We talked about our families and things we did when we were younger , religion , opinions on life and just about everything .
tr	NNS	Asking for that right now would not curb his suspicions .
tr	NNS	One table had its chairs turned over on its top , either ready for the end of the night , or neglected all day .
tr	NN	" Me too , shall we have a contest to see who can eat the fastest ? "
tr	NN	Jenny felt a pang of something oddly like regret , of something lost forever .
tr	NNS	Without time to grab breakfast or even a coffee , I was dreading my morning classes .
tr	NNS	My encounter with Catherine 's memories had given me enough nightmares to last a lifetime .
tr	NN	She 'd never ridden horseback in her life .
tr	NN	Should I tap the lawyer on the shoulder and whisper the truth about Dad working undercover ?
tr	NNS	" Thought we 'd do some errands and maybe grab some lunch . "
tr	NN	Verity clutched the resume and stared at the opening typewritten lines .
tr	NN	My mother suggested shrimp cocktail as a starter , so I cooked and chilled the seafood .
tr	NNS	How many families had the Assassins destroyed ?
tr	NNS	In the end I took meals in my room and studied Homer 's book .
tr	NNS	The supposedly missing girl must have been moving nearer .
tr	NNS	I fluttered my eyelashes .
tr	NN	A chill runs up my spine when I hear footsteps behind me .
tr	NNS	It was starting out with blue skies , wispy thin white clouds and a wide opened land .
tr	NNS	Few humanoid races had ever mastered such mathematics .
tr	NNS	The spike in Marsh 's right eye protruded several extra inches out the back of his skull , and it dribbled blood .
tr	NN	He quickly found Terry Sanders 's file and glanced through it .
tr	NN	Across the river they saw a small American flag draped from one of the Gothic window openings of the old church .
tr	NNS	I make six more shots and then glance over my shoulder at Tommy .
tr	NN	He felt an instant affection for the little girl .
tr	NN	Pressing himself against me , his hand found my hip .
tr	NN	Zoe could remember her jealousy at seeing the men reading , and teaching their sons how to read .
tr	NNS	The fireball dropped bits of the inn half a mile away .
tr	NNS	Sam placed his utensils down and stood .
tr	NNS	That left the drivers and passengers of those vehicles to venture forward on foot .
tr	NN	Imagine your workplace , the local grocery store , your car .
tr	NN	" Cover the airport .
tr	NNS	We have the runes , right ?
tr	NNS	If she probed too directly and too often it could rouse his suspicions .
tr	NN	Hannah felt a terror she hadn 't felt before and she panicked , looking around for an escape but she found none .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths , trying not to panic at what I knew he 'd almost said .
tr	NNS	Tiernan snapped the reins .
tr	NN	Had the man in the back seat realized his fate as well ?
tr	NNS	Without thinking , without hesitation , Ash dropped his shields and dove , catching her mere inches before her head could hit the curb .
tr	NN	Even now , your fingers stroke over my shaft instead of pulling away . "
tr	NNS	Priscilla was making mince pies , and the kitchen smelt heavenly .
tr	NNS	We had secured the supplies and prevented more theft , and I was told that Connor had had a hand in securing the safety of von Steuben .
tr	NN	The experience would bring me extraordinary joy .
tr	NN	Jordan gave a shout of laughter , snatched her into his arms , and buried his face in her fragrant hair , his shoulders rocking .
tr	NN	God , she loved that dimple .
tr	NN	" How long have you been playing the piano ? "
tr	NNS	Most of our friends ' parents had houses down there so there was a good group of us all hanging out .
tr	NN	" Do you have proof ?
tr	NN	His tone did not brook questioning or argument .
tr	NN	" Not an option . "
tr	NNS	Dahlia studied her fingernails .
tr	NN	She will not mean harm , but that does not guarantee it will not happen .
tr	NNS	Dropping its head , it opened its jaws and breathed , but this time a cold white mist emerged and rippled over the surface of the lake .
tr	NN	An icy trickle of fear ran down his spine .
tr	NN	He set the file in front of me and then he shook his head .
tr	NNS	I 've got issues with Lexi , but that wasn 't the way to deal with them . "
tr	NN	" Ladies and gentlemen , my raise takes effect this Friday .
tr	NN	As I looked down , I noticed a small sphere come out of my hand .
tr	NNS	" She started these contractions probably five or six hours ago , sir . "
tr	NN	Mr. David tapped a pencil on the table .
tr	NN	Robins screeched the repaired cruiser to a stop after jumping it over the curb right in front of Abe and Shorty .
tr	NNS	The older ones , Sibyl had no excuses for .
tr	NNS	March has abandonment issues , and it 's not my job to soothe them .
tr	NN	It would have given them solace , knowing that a part of their son remains . "
tr	NN	Reaching around her , he dropped the tailgate .
tr	NNS	He offered no prayers for the creature his friend had become .
tr	NN	They don 't like the soap you 're using in their bathrooms .
tr	NN	Viktor felt déjà vu sweep over him : He was back in the forest , staring down a black bear with nothing but a borrowed knife .
tr	NNS	" I wouldn 't make assumptions , Charlie . "
tr	NN	I tell the fake cop and his friend to be on their way .
tr	NNS	Josephine abruptly felt dizzy and reached for the back of the couch to prevent herself from falling .
tr	NNS	She had seen ' ghosts more palpable than anything she had ever believed could exist .
tr	NN	His fatherly tone had the desired effect of halting her outburst .
tr	NNS	Shinichi changed forms abruptly and leaped for Damon 's throat , sharp white teeth in evidence , top and bottom .
tr	NN	We were talking football . "
tr	NNS	And she had no doubts she wanted to seduce Doug .
tr	NNS	" All hands combat stations ! "
tr	NNS	He has the best scones ! "
tr	NNS	" Find some good coins , okay ? "
tr	NNS	I have more than enough eyewitness reports from both students and cafeteria employees .
tr	NN	I shouted and hung up the phone angrily .
tr	NN	Stella settled the butt of the rifle to her shoulder , bringing the microphone to her lips .
tr	NN	I twisted off the cap , gave it a sniff , and nearly fell over .
tr	NNS	They were choosing their targets .
tr	NNS	And she saved babies , since she hadn 't been able to save her own .
tr	NNS	" I don 't see any bathing suits in these .
tr	NNS	" Gwen gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	Not one of them wore dark Jewels or came from a female caste that carried any prestige and required being handled with care .
tr	NNS	A fair number of people lost their houses , and I 've heard that quite a few on to the south of here were drowned .
tr	NNS	" Does he often bring students with him to discuss the class ? "
tr	NN	She removed the oblong lid and reached into the bottom , grimacing at the strain it put on her arthritic fingers .
tr	NN	The tie showed respect .
tr	NN	Satara handed the vial off to a Daimon who brought it forward and gave it to Kat .
tr	NNS	" Granddad has his regular contacts and about half are still on the air .
tr	NN	" I 've brought the new owner .
tr	NN	Suddenly , Keen lifted his pistol .
tr	NN	The kid will get his full inheritance .
tr	NN	They record video , broadcast live feed , and have internal weapons , stun guns and bullets .
tr	NNS	Chapter Five The members of the crew who had descended from the ship to collect McBride were both carrying pistols , but they needn 't have bothered .
tr	NN	He pulled the knot tight and reached for the radio , silencing the alarm .
tr	NNS	He quickly scanned the battlements and spotted an armed man frisking another who lay prone .
tr	NNS	Werewolves had such damn superior senses .
tr	NNS	Simultaneously the brothers slapped the sisters .
tr	NN	It fell to his waist but not before she got a glimpse of gleaming , dark blond hair all over that chest .
tr	NNS	He withstood their tricks , shape shifting and other mystical powers .
tr	NNS	Before you know it , I 'll be cleaning toilets like Marcus Winchester 's servants .
tr	NNS	He 'd paid twenty-five hundred dollars for it .
tr	NN	James jumped off the bench .
tr	NNS	I 've learned all your tricks now . "
tr	NNS	" I 've been having nightmares . "
tr	NNS	I walked the last few paces that separated us , taking his hand and not flinching at the stains that coated it .
tr	NNS	We must use the assets at our disposal , only then will our standing be guaranteed . "
tr	NNS	Damon probably took too many steroids and had some reaction . "
tr	NNS	Sitting opposite them was Maureen Crow and her husband Phillip Patterson they had been schoolyard sweet hearts .
tr	NN	He dropped the backpack off his shoulder .
tr	NN	He brushed a loose strand of hair from her eyes as he studied her face .
tr	NN	I couldn 't keep up this charade any longer .
tr	NN	She swallowed the ache the sight of him always struck in her heart .
tr	NNS	the men asked their dates .
tr	NN	" Ilona , sweetheart , you 've had a terrible fright .
tr	NN	He gave her a squeeze .
tr	NN	It had a discrete budget provided by its parent organisations , which each made a contribution towards the cost of its operations .
tr	NN	Guards , lock this insolent warlock in the cells .
tr	NNS	For the past week he 'd been making trips over to Possession .
tr	NNS	Polly allowed her inner demon bits to infuse her with the strength she needed to shred the claw to pieces .
tr	NN	Hannah used soap and butter and Vaseline , pulling and twisting until her finger was red , aching , and swollen .
tr	NNS	He rambled off a few directions and a street address .
tr	NNS	But I do appreciate his efforts .
tr	NN	At a desk , maybe , that does double duty as a dining table . "
tr	NN	The attorney offered Julian a fountain pen .
tr	NN	To survive , Sabine needed his protection .
tr	NN	I grab a slice of pizza , a salad , and a couple cartons of chocolate milk .
tr	NNS	Jack saw hardness in her eyes that scared him to his core .
tr	NN	Of course we see the equivalent of the direct communication later in the story when Rome and Rei develop the " cell-phone " in the head .
tr	NN	" Looks brand new .
tr	NN	" That puts a different spin on things . "
tr	NN	She had left the clinic at noon .
tr	NNS	" You like the fast rides ? "
tr	NNS	Even when the cops wrapped her in a blanket , she still made these tiny squealing noises , like something was broken in her chest .
tr	NN	I felt a cool breeze as Avery flashed behind me and wrapped me in an unbreakable hold .
tr	NNS	He drank a few beers and passed out .
tr	NNS	The attendees , mostly from nearby Washington , liked the side benefits .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	" Harry 's got my coins ? "
tr	NN	Someone will notice Mille 's limp . "
tr	NNS	Most days I 'd take his bulldog , Licks , over him , and that damn dog ate two pairs of my shoes .
tr	NNS	" See , you shouldn 't give away targets like that .
tr	NN	Mr. Garrett would be clicking his pen furiously over them .
tr	NN	Satisfied he had seen everything important , he checked the status of the decryption process .
tr	NN	Men in Suits , and Woman in dresses immediately stopped their socializing as I came into their view .
tr	NNS	In fact , their marriage was awakening desires he 'd kept long buried .
tr	NN	said the hobbit , too surprised to ask any questions for the moment .
tr	NN	The combination had the desired effect and she looked like a librarian .
tr	NN	I turned my status from invisible to online .
tr	NNS	He scans the damaged scales on her legs and the claw marks at her shoulders .
tr	NN	Ajax dropped a handful of raisins with a bellow .
tr	NN	Will you have some ale ? "
tr	NN	' What a piece of luck you had that rope ! '
tr	NNS	" Ronny , you could eat off the floors in this house .
tr	NNS	" A hot shower will do wonders for my mood . "
tr	NN	She dropped her dagger as Shimmer 's frantic whinny sounded muffled and far away .
tr	NN	He fought the prickling in his face and hands , but he couldn 't entirely stifle it .
tr	NN	He lost his annoyance and his impatience instantly for that was his choice .
tr	NNS	His smile bared his fangs .
tr	NNS	" Have the sanitary corps reactivated the hospitals ? "
tr	NN	He said a mental prayer of thanks for the food as he walked .
tr	NNS	" You sick sons of bitches !
tr	NNS	You also can cast spells to create your own watchers .
tr	NN	He paced down the gangplank to stand near the Cane .
tr	NNS	I flipped my palms up .
tr	NNS	" My father gave me several beautiful Spanish silver coins when I was a teen .
tr	NN	Lady Huntley let out a small groan .
tr	NN	Madoc got a glimpse at the girl 's face and realized that this was no child .
tr	NNS	" Someone rammed two large acupuncture needles into his head , at the temples .
tr	NN	He lifted the lid of a small blue dumpster and let the morning sun illuminate its insides .
tr	NNS	Sam had sent Julia all the forms she needed for her driving license and from the Home Office .
tr	NN	Damon had signed that oath as well .
tr	NNS	" I had a few shops open early for us . "
tr	NN	A cream button-down shirt and dark-brown pants completed his outfit .
tr	NNS	Dante squirmed once again to avoid my new favorite dog 's snapping jaws .
tr	NN	We have had great success seizing them one at a time .
tr	NNS	Just take the necessities .
tr	NNS	They collected bits and pieces of what they found and returned to the ships .
tr	NNS	Empire 's soldiers approached the abandoned , government buildings .
tr	NN	Usually , a face-to-face conversation would take precedent over a phone call , but Sarah decided to go for the lowest common denominator : the text breakup .
tr	NN	" And then the president will make a speech , declaring that everyone must remain in their homes for safety .
tr	NN	Pirates don 't tell anybody where their treasure is . "
tr	NNS	Might as well enjoy yourselves .
tr	NN	" You are making this sound sordid .
tr	NN	She gave a little shrug .
tr	NN	But the letter also represented human 's intuitive potential , rising out of the core of the human body , out of the brain .
tr	NN	And had better hardware , which was an additional worry .
tr	NNS	" Molly , you old witch leave the gentlemen alone .
tr	NN	Xavier slowly walked off the throne as Anthony 's remains were removed .
tr	NNS	Rafe placed his palms on two of the bullet wounds , then gave his mother a nod .
tr	NNS	I pulled back the covers , displacing some clothes I 'd left on top earlier .
tr	NNS	If a guard hadn 't gotten a feeling ... " Didn 't seem that long , " said Eris .
tr	NN	Few believed the extent of the stories , but even fewer wandered into The Barrens after hearing them .
tr	NN	" Who are you ... um ... here with ? "
tr	NNS	" His lordship is playing politics and Lady Hartwell is busy with her guests .
tr	NNS	" But how could they control the gorillas ? "
tr	NNS	" Did you see any bats when you came in ? "
tr	NN	She had that motorcycle roaring to life two seconds later and she wobbled on the thing as she tried to steady it and get away .
tr	NN	He could use a release .
tr	NN	She blew a stray strand of hair out of her face and looked adorable while doing it .
tr	NN	Slipping off the bar stool , Sheree settled her handbag over her shoulder , then headed for the door .
tr	NNS	I made the financial arrangements .
tr	NNS	To top it off , the beginnings of a terrible headache pinged his temples , right under the purple glitter .
tr	NN	It only strengthened my resolve not to stay that way .
tr	NN	My dress had a creamy bodice overlapping at the bust to increase my modest curves .
tr	NNS	" He paid a whole hundred dollars for them , too ! "
tr	NN	Wake the fuck up .
tr	NNS	" I was doing the dishes . "
tr	NNS	With some trepidation I pulled the covers down , and slowly opened my eyes .
tr	NNS	You insulted the big dogs last week .
tr	NNS	He didn 't like ties ... fabric or emotional .
tr	NN	The driver fought the traffic and dropped me off two blocks from the hotel .
tr	NN	Andrea said a silent prayer to the moon goddess and pretended to ignore Sean as he fell into step beside her .
tr	NNS	But I get bonus points because I 'm the one who hacked into Evelyn 's computer and found those old files .
tr	NN	We 'll have a news leak soon if someone slips up .
tr	NNS	Do plants being genetically engineered have requests for what type of foliage they will have ?
tr	NN	Sam crossed the threshold and immediately realized his peril .
tr	NN	She could see only an immense grandfather clock against the wall , its pendulum swaying too quickly .
tr	NNS	At the sight of the Marmite , the Americans around them turned up their noses .
tr	NNS	The resort had boasted several romantic excursion opportunities .
tr	NNS	She desperately used wide , sweeping motions to keep them away , but their reach was longer than hers , and their strength much greater .
tr	NNS	" If I can afford to buy nice suits , I can buy nice suits , okay ? "
tr	NNS	Claire curved her fingernails into her palms .
tr	NN	Sean tells the waiter to send up the desserts in an hour or so .
tr	NNS	As we were walking along the cobblestone streets leading from Mdina back to the car , Micah surveyed our surroundings .
tr	NNS	All I see are covered plates of food and the plastic spoon that sits on the side of the breakfast tray .
tr	NN	He 's wearing a blue t-shirt with a picture of a cartoon character holding a surf board , and a pair of light khaki chinos .
tr	NNS	" Into the ruins then . "
tr	NNS	' Forest fires and things ! '
tr	NN	Brice heard her voice flutter and tried his best to comfort her over the phone .
tr	NNS	Had he even considered the permanent changes her body would undergo or the possible risks if the pregnancy was problematic ?
tr	NN	Alexia prepared her parasol with her free hand .
tr	NN	Jack did not doubt the severity of the situation .
tr	NNS	She could sense the four attackers within the house and one of them was positioned near the front and aware of their presence .
tr	NN	He threw the rope to the dock and strode up the gangplank .
tr	NN	Thea had bumped my cart on purpose ; the stare she fixed on me aimed at contrite but never made it past loathing .
tr	NN	Verity felt the first trickle of doubt .
tr	NNS	" Oh my gods . "
tr	NNS	" I don 't do interviews . "
tr	NN	This time I didn 't feel the strange tingling , but had no time to ponder on it .
tr	NNS	We put up additional monitors ; that should help us in case someone else tries to shake you down . "
tr	NN	" Make mine juice . "
tr	NNS	" Hey , you little terror , they don 't want your teeth marks in their baby .
tr	NNS	First came the drugs , and there was nothing to do about the kids who did it .
tr	NNS	Two hours and lots of cursing later , I finally had our mattress off the floor .
tr	NNS	" I 've overstayed my welcome , Denise .
tr	NNS	Others stuck religious statues ( mostly the Virgin Mary ) by the front door .
tr	NN	We had a good estimate of your size , but final measurements were necessary to complete the process .
tr	NN	She pulled her black t down .
tr	NNS	She only passed a few members of the crew in the dimly-lit hallway .
tr	NNS	" Okay then , go ahead and meet these guys , test the waters , but don 't reject my offer too quickly .
tr	NN	The burst of strength her nervousness had given her drained , and she expelled a breath .
tr	NNS	He saw racks lining the interior wall securely holding a countless number of shinny metal tubes about a half cubit long .
tr	NN	I clip each wire , rapidly .
tr	NN	My body is staging a mutiny over my mind and my heart , and consuming alcohol is like handing it a set of knives .
tr	NN	Remember , protect the jar . "
tr	NNS	Nip 's hand gripped the folds of Jack 's trousers as he pulled himself up Jack 's leg .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want to move too fast until we know exactly what is happening above us , " Fen told the council members .
tr	NNS	He checked his compass , adjusted their steps .
tr	NN	He remembered the whole estate being built only a couple of years earlier .
tr	NN	Though ... the prince consort did mention the phrase , throw away the key , at one point . "
tr	NN	she asked nobody in particular , " Well I 'm speaking to myself , and I can hear myself .
tr	NNS	" Not a chance - " Hank rises to his feet .
tr	NN	I was fighting every blink to keep my eyes open .
tr	NNS	At the time of writing this , I count seventeen folks missing from the city .
tr	NN	" Be back by six , I 'll have your pizza . "
tr	NN	" Remember Dr. Frame 's lectures .
tr	NN	He could make out the Development block and the main production building with the silver chimney on its roof .
tr	NN	Asher closed the portfolio lid .
tr	NNS	This week 's vote wouldn 't have any surprises .
tr	NN	Kateri stole another handful of peas from her grandmother 's pan .
tr	NNS	Where does he have connections to ? '
tr	NN	He ripped the delicate material of her panties , pulling the garment forcefully from her body .
tr	NN	McKie described his visual sensation .
tr	NN	' Bout your height I guess . '
tr	NNS	Time , it seemed , had only honed their skills .
tr	NN	Cassidy let her smile fade .
tr	NNS	" Still got all those wires and stuff .
tr	NNS	" Higher powers ? "
tr	NN	He twisted a dial .
tr	NNS	Tripp 's hands eased up my thighs and under my dress until he was cupping my bottom .
tr	NNS	I pulled the drapes over the windows before I turned on the lights .
tr	NNS	He checked all his pockets , then tore through his things .
tr	NN	I released the belay anchor , and didn 't realise that I have no back up .
tr	NNS	But the cops found drugs in my dorm room at Penn , and it was my second strike .
tr	NN	Picking up her spoon , she stirred the steaming liquid .
tr	NN	She capped off her inquiry with a hint of laughter .
tr	NN	One of the deputies was standing over the bounty hunter Matthew had dropped the potted plant on .
tr	NNS	" Good , brief your crews and be ready to move in five . "
tr	NNS	" Seven victims . "
tr	NNS	His blank stare spoke volumes .
tr	NN	She tossed the drying towel on the counter .
tr	NN	Every once in a while she 'll take pity on a commoner , or perhaps a servant .
tr	NN	They weren , t there now .
tr	NN	These relentlessly sympathetic ladies might have sworn allegiance to my mother , but I mean to turn them into my own staunchest allies .
tr	NNS	" I haven 't noticed any issues . "
tr	NNS	" After the agreement was made , " he said , " she convinced her sisters to help her save his people .
tr	NNS	At one end of the room , on a platform , sat five large bowls in a row .
tr	NN	Fitch yanked the fax from his machine and skimmed the handwritten message .
tr	NNS	She tore the ribs apart and began to slam her fist inside the open chest cavity again and again .
tr	NNS	Then I got my wits together .
tr	NNS	" No , so we won 't have any excuses when we do . "
tr	NNS	We will give you certain bits of information which will entice your contact to Newcastle .
tr	NNS	We have followed all his tracks and know he 's in the vicinity .
tr	NN	I felt release as I fell to the ground .
tr	NNS	" I was washing the dishes and saw you through the kitchen window . "
tr	NNS	Despite being a small man , William Pickering could cause political earthquakes if he were crossed .
tr	NN	I shut the drawer where I was stuffing my extremely full purse when I saw the top of her blonde head .
tr	NNS	Only the sharp eyes of an angel would have noticed the subtle changes that time had wrought .
tr	NN	We are paying our debt to this world for all it has given .
tr	NN	The place was furnished now , the piano having been delivered just the previous morning .
tr	NN	Dr. Aldridge opens a drawer .
tr	NNS	When you find the Cabin you must navigate its dangers to find Kathy .
tr	NN	He " d rather bed a different whore every night than risk love .
tr	NNS	He fell backwards , but grabbed onto my left leg with one hand .
tr	NN	Brittany grabbed and opened her backpack and handed it to me .
tr	NN	Corinne let out a moan on the makeshift pallet on the floor .
tr	NNS	" I have no doubts that the work will be done skillfully and well . "
tr	NN	" You had the scroll before I was set free ? "
tr	NNS	His mother always kept pens , paper , envelopes and stamps in a kitchen drawer so they 'd be found easily .
tr	NNS	I turned a few pages and clicked the top , scanning quickly through the entries .
tr	NN	Just stop this crap -- " " YOU DON 'T KNOW WHAT IT FEELS LIKE TO LOSE SOMEONE ! "
tr	NN	" I can still feel the fire element .
tr	NNS	She read the first few pages and yawned .
tr	NNS	' We said twenty dollars , right ? '
tr	NNS	They had ships , a big outpost , and many trained soldiers .
tr	NNS	Gretchen laid Sara 's doubts to rest .
tr	NN	The big industrial fans created a cooling breeze .
tr	NN	" Just remember our bargain : you keep quiet about the film and I keep quiet about Peeper . "
tr	NN	He checked the battery first .
tr	NNS	Dean wiped his clammy palms on his black slacks , unable to stop envisioning what it would have been like this morning .
tr	NN	Oh my goodness ! "
tr	NN	But Cameron tossed the towel away and pressed Ainsley back into the mattress .
tr	NN	He felt my body stiffen at seeing the too intimate pose I was in with a guy and seeing myself doing it .
tr	NN	Though she kept telling herself this , it did not ease the knot of guilt that encircled her .
tr	NN	' He seeks revenge against your people for the havoc you 've wrought in Acre .
tr	NN	Scott 's frightened gaze followed its rocking descent , then jumped back to where the giant stood .
tr	NNS	" You mean the giants with the guns making sure everyone stays in Salina 's little water trap ?
tr	NN	" I didn 't want the responsibility .
tr	NNS	" I probably see more difficulties than you do .
tr	NNS	He was lining his own pockets whenever he got a chance , and he made sure the chances came along pretty frequently .
tr	NNS	He took the reins in his left hand and pulled the animal 's head around just as the Welsh reached him .
tr	NNS	I brought some supplies . "
tr	NNS	I doubted his true motives , but there was no way I could turn down this opportunity .
tr	NNS	To the shock of the co-pilot , the pilot slowed the engines down to an almost a stall .
tr	NNS	I could only make out the whites of his eyes and a weird glow which seemed to be coming from his all-purpose jacket .
tr	NNS	They had laid their mouths , in a strange sort of kiss , against my shoulder where the coat hung heavy with blood from Jonty 's cap .
tr	NN	I picked my favorite outfit to wear but made a mental note to do some shopping soon .
tr	NN	I grab a notepad and a pen and make myself comfy on the bed with Gage slouching down next to me .
tr	NN	I gave him a pat on the head and said , " Good boy ! "
tr	NNS	I 'd had other lovers who brought the sun to bed with them , but Frost was a winter 's night with all its beauty and harshness .
tr	NNS	She flipped the pages till she found the one she was looking for - Tessa 's instructions on how to do a killer makeup application .
tr	NNS	' Any requests ? '
tr	NNS	Just wait a little while , " I winked encouragingly .
tr	NNS	She was running scared , a pathetic fact from a combat recipient of a Silver Star and Distinguished Flying Cross .
tr	NNS	I grab the compass , breaking the key chain .
tr	NNS	" I had my doubts about you marrying Andrew Reid from the beginning .
tr	NN	He chose the latter after asking if she would be at the hall next night .
tr	NNS	The wind whipped her yellow sundress around her legs as she sprinted .
tr	NNS	She took even breaths and kept her face flush against my chest .
tr	NNS	George Walker High School in Scottsdale , Arizona , had no interior hallways .
tr	NNS	Hot water pounding on his shoulders would probably do wonders for his tense muscles .
tr	NN	I bend the lid and use it as a makeshift spoon , scooping a bit into my mouth .
tr	NN	She caressed his c * ck in her hand , and his throat closed , cutting off his air .
tr	NNS	About how some of them used their powers for selfish things .
tr	NN	Henry picked up the menu .
tr	NNS	Her eyes grew a little wistful , distant .
tr	NN	But Xavier appreciated the inhuman scale and complete absence of customer support .
tr	NNS	My own network will offer them fabulous sums for their tales of evil and woe . "
tr	NN	Herbert ran past Chloe to where the Colonel now stood .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't control the pleasure shudders running through my body .
tr	NN	Teddy could not touch a toy without the monster coming to him .
tr	NN	she could take the silent treatment no longer , " Damn it . "
tr	NN	Come to think of it , I could actually appreciate this lawyer quite a bit .
tr	NNS	She knew their strengths and weaknesses .
tr	NN	At the core , we employ a modified version of a chemotherapeutic drug used to treat bladder cancer .
tr	NNS	Everyone around here wore slippers or athletic shoes .
tr	NN	To prove his point , he pulled out a long dagger from underneath his shirt .
tr	NN	Myra felt his scorn .
tr	NNS	She would peel back the covers and he would clench the sheet , not looking , with his eyes closed tight .
tr	NNS	They have really good doctors here . "
tr	NNS	I wracked my brains for an alternative .
tr	NN	Capitalism 's success and perseverance made it a controversial topic in theory but not in practice for any of us .
tr	NNS	He pulled two hot trays out of the unit and set them on the table .
tr	NN	He wants a survey for everything .
tr	NNS	But what a father does speaks volumes in seconds to their heart .
tr	NN	She took the condom from him , ripped it open , and slowly rolled the latex over his cock .
tr	NNS	Only a human could feel the changes quick enough to keep a boat straight in these seas .
tr	NNS	He left the shattered plates on the floor and walked from the kitchen , through his apartment , and collapsed onto the couch .
tr	NNS	I just spent the three previous volumes of my autobiography trying to escape the Librarians .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to squirm and tried to focus .
tr	NNS	She saw several tiny bubbles floating in the air .
tr	NNS	He observed her glossy manicured fingernails , sleek shiny hair , and flawless complexion .
tr	NN	Mr. Scanlan delivered a closing argument that so strongly resembled that of the previous trial that the ghosts were stirred up into displays of anger .
tr	NN	By the time we really figured out what was happening , Mr. Hoover had already made the transition .
tr	NN	He could bring a turkey , the big tom out back .
tr	NNS	It had no runes on it .
tr	NNS	Instead , the surface reflected their tall torches and the last streaks of light in the sky behind him as Sebastian knelt next to it .
tr	NNS	" Like Baptists don 't have saints . "
tr	NN	Yes , while you lead your comrades , you will be given the official Legion uniform , which is yours to keep assuming you make the Legion .
tr	NN	I put the package on the counter .
tr	NNS	He had killed many deer and even birds at much longer distances .
tr	NN	He let one long fingernail stroke his chin gently , his thoughts working over this new development .
tr	NNS	We are consenting adults and honestly , I have no expectations .
tr	NN	Beth tucked a strand of hair behind her ear .
tr	NN	That meant the hill ahead , only place they could go .
tr	NN	Already had the contractor starting to look things over for us . "
tr	NN	He set down the file he 'd been labeling .
tr	NNS	My friends and I grabbed some glass trays and fell in line .
tr	NN	First he sees a Gender Diversity Office poster presentation to raise awareness about several newly minted gender identification options .
tr	NN	She wore a white chef 's uniform , and I wondered if she 'd helped cook the food .
tr	NNS	She 'd scatter his remains throughout her territory as a reminder to all who crossed it what she did to those who threatened the ones she loved .
tr	NN	" I do have that talent , but alas , I lack the speed to have created these lifelike sculptures on such short notice .
tr	NNS	We cannot allow those vultures to run unchecked behind us . "
tr	NNS	His hands spread her thighs .
tr	NN	" Feels like a trap . "
tr	NNS	She wants her sons to die .
tr	NN	I feel a slice on my arm , but ignore the momentary spike of pain .
tr	NNS	She had thunder thighs .
tr	NN	Spark fished out a package of dried fruit from the compartment under his seat .
tr	NNS	" I like snakes . "
tr	NNS	She didn 't trust her own instincts so why not marry her father 's choice ?
tr	NNS	I can name quite a few wolves who 'd be elated to let Ray do their job for them .
tr	NN	To prove it he caught the second slice of cheese with his other hand .
tr	NNS	We left the Tanks treading water .
tr	NN	Determination stiffened my spine .
tr	NNS	Yet her brother Fire had made her hiss with an anger and pain she had never suffered before .
tr	NN	I dropped my bat and slowly raised my hands up in the air and then pulled them behind my head .
tr	NNS	Obviously he didn 't like needles any more than she did .
tr	NN	" Didn 't exactly stick that landing . "
tr	NNS	" I mean , I 'd rather take my chances with the monsters .
tr	NNS	Use your strengths to become stronger .
tr	NNS	Kennan put candles on the top .
tr	NN	I also play polo on the weekends . "
tr	NNS	Some recent development or event has evidently changed the dynamics here in Georgia , but what that is , no one will say . "
tr	NN	So , you want the ice cream ? "
tr	NN	If he were half so bad as that , my sister and I would have suffered a fate far worse than we did at his hands . "
tr	NNS	He 'd checked his pockets for it but he 'd lost it .
tr	NN	Much smaller than I , he understood my body language immediately and backed off .
tr	NNS	In the revolution 's infancy , before Moscow asserted dominant control , local soviets ruled their respective geographic areas .
tr	NNS	" I can still use your bindings to crush either of you at will .
tr	NNS	Now I was making judgments and jumping to my own conclusions about Jagger without having any facts .
tr	NNS	" But ... we still have this stack and the core samples and - " " They can wait until tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	He bit his fingernails .
tr	NNS	So we might as well marry cowboys who could help us manage it properly , if you see what I mean . "
tr	NN	Hamilton took the crown from Argyll 's hands and began walking over to me .
tr	NNS	I can 't have my movements tracked while on the hunt . "
tr	NN	Melody reached onto the nearest rack and pulled down a Kalashnikov rifle , careful to keep it pointed down range .
tr	NNS	They shoved the law school paraphernalia aside and spread the food .
tr	NNS	Black lace covered her beautiful round breasts , displaying a deep valley where I wanted to dive in and never come back .
tr	NNS	Explain your fears to her . "
tr	NNS	The dim lights created shadowed areas of muscular structure .
tr	NN	A warrior could channel its ferocity into a manifestation of form that leapt ahead of itself .
tr	NNS	Besides , they had read intelligence reports that several electric utility companies teetered on bankruptcy .
tr	NNS	Errol held the cards up .
tr	NN	Adrien felt their Ancestral status .
tr	NNS	" We need these extras to replace those that are too tattered and torn to repair .
tr	NNS	" Lori , didn 't you lose four or five balls over the fence in the kudzu ? "
tr	NNS	He wrote all his numbers down for Stuart in his hardcover copy of Game of Thrones .
tr	NN	He 'd impressed upon him the folly of trying to navigate the river in the dark .
tr	NN	Then she remembered the daemon detector .
tr	NN	Her reaction caused a nervous flutter in my chest .
tr	NNS	At the time , I had memorized her classes in order to avoid her as much as possible .
tr	NN	" I don 't need your pity , Savannah .
tr	NNS	By the time I returned to the living room , Nick had several reports and photos spread across my coffee table .
tr	NNS	Both of them wore high heeled platforms .
tr	NNS	His dad set up lawn chairs in a circle around the fire .
tr	NN	Every day , I checked my email , but found no audition results notice , so slowly , hope shrunk from my thoughts .
tr	NN	She remembered an example her father had used .
tr	NN	He slammed the receiver back into its cradle and struggled for calm .
tr	NN	So you want your own supply of witches I take it ? "
tr	NNS	" Sweet man , " I stroked his scales .
tr	NN	Will gave my shoulder a reassuring squeeze and then motioned me into the car .
tr	NNS	But I 've had centuries to perfect my powers .
tr	NN	He had a nephew .
tr	NN	asked Mrs Long , fresh tears poised at the corners of her eyes , as the Constable gently prised the frame from her grasp .
tr	NN	I interpret the clicking of his claws as agitation .
tr	NNS	After all , his second priority was getting his sons married and on the way to producing grandkids .
tr	NNS	When Ben woke , I described Nicky 's herding efforts .
tr	NNS	They brought Super Soldiers and they 're coming this way . "
tr	NN	Shane continued growling , claws showing .
tr	NN	Can we cloak our landing ?
tr	NNS	" He was telling the other Wardens to keep an eye on me . "
tr	NN	" If you want to be tried for your life , " said the Fairy , " that 's another matter . "
tr	NNS	I believe at least two reside in this home throughout time .
tr	NN	" She 's got this big speech to give to the United Nations , don 't you know ? "
tr	NNS	No reply except a few dogs barking .
tr	NN	He followed your example . "
tr	NNS	I throw the covers off of me completely and scoot off the bed , then stand up and stretch .
tr	NNS	Not just bombs , but some grenades , flash bombs and smoke bombs as well .
tr	NN	In a daze , I saw her stretch out her arms to them .
tr	NN	Let 's just share the brownie and I 'll use the biscotti coupon another day ... hopefully before it expires . "
tr	NNS	A dull ache pierced my temples .
tr	NN	I inched her backwards until she was leaning against the wall .
tr	NNS	Then his eyes narrowed slyly .
tr	NNS	You have few supplies , and there 's nothing to help you along the way .
tr	NN	I told them every detail I could remember about the big guy 's message at the party .
tr	NN	Jude was in his gym gear inside the locker room , extending a handful of roses .
tr	NN	I had nobody to turn to .
tr	NNS	She smelt roses again .
tr	NNS	" Like that would win points with the nephew of a psychiatrist . "
tr	NNS	" I teach dog obedience classes and I 'm training service dogs .
tr	NN	" How does a girl who grew up on a Nebraska wheat farm pick up an affinity for Pilates ? "
tr	NN	From our vantage point upon the ridge we could see across the valley we had just left , and the one in front of us .
tr	NNS	" We do have many similarities to that time period on Earth , and its culture .
tr	NN	He places the purple vial back in the drawer , takes out a syringe , and stabs it into the vial .
tr	NNS	Gwen felt breathless just thinking of Neil 's smile .
tr	NNS	To the left , behind the buffer of greenery and a chain-link fence topped with coils of razor wire , rose short stubby apartments .
tr	NN	Gabriel carefully put the pillow beneath my head before covering me with the warm blanket .
tr	NN	I passed my geography exam at school . "
tr	NNS	Pausing to catch her breath , she inhaled gulps of wet air .
tr	NNS	Give me a few good knives .
tr	NN	The entire area made a mockery of the town 's name .
tr	NN	I can feel the tears leak from the corner of my eyes and slide across my temples .
tr	NN	I haven 't built my reputation by shooting down - targets at random .
tr	NNS	I 've got enough issues where she 's concerned .
tr	NN	" I made a rabbit trap . "
tr	NNS	And in the last few years , they 've stopped their attempts to shut it down . "
tr	NNS	It was obscene those birds making that noise in downtown Baltimore at night , as though the forest were still there .
tr	NNS	" We can make fire bombs .
tr	NN	We don 't want any harm to come to you .
tr	NN	Samantha wore a stunning ivory silk evening gown that dipped to the small of her graceful back .
tr	NN	She was wearing a gown of bright red silk , though " wearing " was not exactly an apt description .
tr	NNS	Her shoes probably cost a thousand dollars , but even they paled in comparison to the broach she wore at the base of her neck .
tr	NN	until she lost consciousness .
tr	NN	Locking eyes with the young man on the street , she says a prayer and tosses her baby down .
tr	NN	She tapped the lid with the silver hammer .
tr	NN	They were carrying heavy equipment .
tr	NNS	He even cracked jokes to the surprised Sudanese man who slouched against a tiled wall .
tr	NN	The girl put her knuckles up to her open mouth and bit on them , staring at the telephone .
tr	NN	I will sell my jewelry in New York .
tr	NN	Once the events go down , I 'll do the customary national broadcast .
tr	NNS	" I charge five hundred dollars a week . "
tr	NNS	Luckily , the schedules list our locker numbers and combinations .
tr	NNS	I am feeling dizzy .
tr	NNS	I measured their responses to that .
tr	NN	" You murdered a plant ? "
tr	NN	He took a silver sphere of ultra violet light and slung the device against the ceiling .
tr	NN	He said and stared deeply into their weary faces : " The warlock on the rock ! "
tr	NN	Sweat had made her clammy .
tr	NNS	" She never wastes candles !
tr	NN	The authorities everywhere will overlook a little smuggling for a bottle of vodka or two , or a tin of tobacco .
tr	NNS	Jake added his two cents with humor , " That 's because with you , so many people will gladly do it for free . "
tr	NNS	The excrement filled large buckets , which were then emptied by hand by prisoners on punishment detail .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any sleeping T-shirts .
tr	NNS	Lydia watched the fireflies in the back yard , remembering how they tried to catch them when they were kids .
tr	NNS	You have your connections , and Patch has his .
tr	NN	Myra rubbed her belly .
tr	NNS	Please accept my apologies , again .
tr	NN	" More of an avian Morse code , actually .
tr	NN	" Did you have a nice landing on that cyclops ? "
tr	NNS	" What , and have little monster babies with my ugly face on little balls of fat ?
tr	NNS	He has incredible powers of persuasion . "
tr	NN	Sadly , the warlock used a ploy of having a human friend of mine who they wanted to exchange for me .
tr	NN	Not all my men liked a furry audience , and sometimes neither did I. Regardless , we had one more task to do before we could rest .
tr	NNS	At the Grinder house the next day , I handle my chores as rapidly as I can like I usually do .
tr	NNS	They carried backpacks jam-packed with all kinds of stuff and resembled paratroopers who 'd just landed on the coast near the Observatory .
tr	NNS	I 've got a couple hundred dollars saved from my birthday and Christmas .
tr	NN	But he could not , would not force compliance from Destiny .
tr	NNS	" I have no illusions about it , Mister Dresden .
tr	NNS	" This has three settings .
tr	NN	And at the end of it I get a nice severance package .
tr	NN	MaryAnn swallowed a protest and left him kneeling there on the floor , her boots in his hand .
tr	NNS	Monsters and ghouls don 't commit atrocities out here .
tr	NNS	If I don 't , I can promise you the twins will be calling next .
tr	NNS	He handed her the remaining items from his pocket .
tr	NNS	" Our own robots ... Well , you can tell they 're robots , you understand .
tr	NN	Rachel gave Sarah a thumbs-up and mouthed " Thank You " with a huge smile .
tr	NNS	" Take deep breaths , slow and easy .
tr	NNS	He has had ties to the Black Knights gang on near north side of town as well . "
tr	NNS	Ula stuffed all the wrappers back in her bag and then stood .
tr	NNS	In fact , lose all my numbers . "
tr	NN	" And your mom and I are thinking of taking a holiday , " he went on , " Maybe a cruise for a month or so .
tr	NN	Then Willa made a huff of disappointment or frustration and turned .
tr	NNS	Modern Sensors may have mapping systems , proximity alarms , and other colorful features .
tr	NNS	Usually these trader merchants would own the ships in shares , several merchants to a ship .
tr	NNS	The Hunt has very few members and it 's very exclusive .
tr	NN	She watched his body tremble .
tr	NNS	But from time to time he touches his neck scratches , gets an anxiety pang , and thinks about Monday when Warren will return .
tr	NN	A bejeweled armband circled my bicep .
tr	NNS	Mitch followed Jo 's directions staying on the jogging path .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness you 're alright , Nicole .
tr	NNS	Eva had three classes today , all with a very large group of students .
tr	NN	Instead , he threatened the well-being of those I love the most .
tr	NN	After all , he got a fortune out of you for a fake and I couldn 't even sell you a genuine set of pistols .
tr	NN	She 'd read the file on Shannon Morgan .
tr	NN	After her ... and the witch .
tr	NNS	" Fine , thank you , " said ' dear old Betty , ' her voice as weathered as old paint .
tr	NNS	I 'll leave the arrangements to you .
tr	NN	" You want a massage ? "
tr	NN	My physical appearance would trigger sexual attraction that much more quickly .
tr	NNS	He 'd made his apologies to Seth and had taken a few minutes to share his blood rose experience with him .
tr	NN	She rubbed her throbbing temple with a tired hand .
tr	NN	Carefully he extended the morsel to the one-eyed seagull .
tr	NN	He playfully tugs a handful of it as he lets out a long sigh .
tr	NN	He was watching the flow of the crowd about them as they walked , but now he glanced down at her .
tr	NN	" If that is the case fear no punishment from me ; your family deserve your loyalty more than I. " Rafe paused .
tr	NN	Dwayne had the George Clooney haircut and the swagger to match .
tr	NNS	His hand cupped her breasts , his fingers tugging at her nipples with a sharp urgency .
tr	NNS	By offering up spoils of war .
tr	NN	I repressed a shudder when she turned that hardened stare on me .
tr	NNS	She loved boy bands and had vinyl records for most , starting with New Kids on the Block , since her birth .
tr	NN	I didn 't need his pity , but I needed to act tough .
tr	NN	He gave a tight shrug .
tr	NNS	As for the men , they all had dark suits and pimp shirts .
tr	NNS	" And going along with everything will keep tabs on him .
tr	NNS	I could feel the stares of everyone at the party on me and I wondered if they had all heard Maddie screaming out my name .
tr	NN	" They ran an article on how to tell if you could go braless . "
tr	NNS	Jase had known bits and pieces about Luis 's past .
tr	NN	With one finger , Claire tuned the tiny adjustment on her rifle .
tr	NNS	We have bypass plates for all registered mail ships .
tr	NNS	He loved the local teams and attended a lot of games .
tr	NNS	We set up our shields again .
tr	NNS	Thank the heavens I wasn 't majoring in business , because this made no sense to me .
tr	NNS	I hold up the plates .
tr	NNS	The other judges were adjusting their uniforms and fixing their mats that they sat on .
tr	NN	He gave me the helm and I listened to him as I guided us out into the Long Island Sound and dreamed about Irina .
tr	NNS	The visitors abused the bikes , and the tourism operators did very little maintenance .
tr	NNS	We 've been playing pranks on her for weeks . "
tr	NNS	He pressed his thumbs into the hollow of Fiona 's neck .
tr	NN	The proprietors have avoided the familiar imitation Mexican theme of exaggerated brightly painted designs on every surface .
tr	NNS	" My wife threw shields around the room where the females were and held on long enough for me and two other guards to arrive .
tr	NNS	If she permits it , I will grant you both your requests , permission to perform the rite and a cleric to perform it .
tr	NN	Doesn 't Louisa deserve that same faith ?
tr	NNS	Adding power , he turned the handlebars and pointed the Yamaha toward the distant horizon lights .
tr	NN	" It 's very effective , a fast treatment of radioactive poison elimination .
tr	NN	The warehouse boasted no furniture for my target to hide behind .
tr	NNS	Breakfast is frozen waffles with some strawberries in a bowl to one side and some mummified looking bacon on the other .
tr	NN	She slipped her handbag higher on her shoulder and we listened as the car moved away and further down the road .
tr	NN	The sound of the door being closed and the lock being secured had her spinning around to face whoever was in the room with her .
tr	NN	Melanie tapped her pen against her notepad , as if debating her best plan of action .
tr	NN	Add that observation in , too .
tr	NNS	Saul had rejoined his companions .
tr	NNS	In the darkness I saw someone scurrying through the pantry with his back to me .
tr	NN	I lay the smoked fish , berries , and other supplies on the table within easy reach .
tr	NN	Pull that drawer out and bring it over to the table . "
tr	NN	Deckard felt real affection for the old vet .
tr	NNS	Bones pulled two knives from his coat , one steel , one silver .
tr	NNS	It closed its talons , and the bead vanished .
tr	NNS	My dad 's already demanding numbers . "
tr	NN	Like hearing your own heartbeat , but being unable to alter it , I obey his command .
tr	NNS	I have no living sons , and my claim to the ducal throne is fairly specious .
tr	NN	On any given move , the Council might repurpose an abandoned structure , re-use a past location , or build something fresh .
tr	NN	How could she explain such a collection of precious metal to a nosy state trooper ?
tr	NNS	Homeless people made easy targets .
tr	NNS	They must have needed the bats ' flying abilities , too , to build such a bridge .
tr	NN	" Ignore him , Beast . "
tr	NN	" We are checking the clock .
tr	NNS	Lords of the Underworld Travel all the lands that I give to you .
tr	NNS	Of course she should have realised from the moment she saw the statues .
tr	NNS	Chaim suggested a few changes , which Rayford made , and then the article was uploaded .
tr	NN	He had no proof .
tr	NNS	He looked up restaurants in the area because he figured they might need sustenance if it was all to be done on foot .
tr	NN	Maybe I can even sense resentment in the air ?
tr	NNS	" I 've cooked meals for werewolves .
tr	NN	Her brother preferred ale to hard liquor .
tr	NNS	I imagined a dozen roses showing up at her dorm anonymously .
tr	NNS	I have working titles for it ... .
tr	NNS	Please hold all complaints until after the full briefing .
tr	NN	A vampire has placed a compulsion within the men of the jaguar race to capture and turn her over to him . "
tr	NN	And if he didn 't move his hand , they 'd both be getting hotter .
tr	NN	" Yeah , well , " I said , " I don 't know jack about you . "
tr	NN	For the first time , she absolutely believed the conviction in his voice .
tr	NNS	I feel loneliness , having limited friends , around my teen age .
tr	NN	Nick gave his head an absent pat before retrieving two mugs .
tr	NNS	Jen presses in with that wild-eyed stare she gets when she 's on the brink of losing her shit .
tr	NN	She took the package from Flora 's outstretched hand and looked at her , considering her response .
tr	NNS	" Then , the head of the slayers takes his abilities away .
tr	NN	" We had an argument . "
tr	NNS	Jaguars have psychic abilities , so I knew that was how they were finding the ones in other countries and targeting them for kidnapping .
tr	NNS	I 'd never had enough servants who listened to me to acquire the habit .
tr	NNS	" They rob their victims .
tr	NN	Carson springs off the bench and hobbles toward the parking lot .
tr	NNS	" We 'll call the active members .
tr	NN	Put a lid on it , Patrick .
tr	NN	I 've no patience to wait until she turns seventeen . "
tr	NN	" We can 't very well send her a diamond ! "
tr	NN	He massaged his abs firmly , promising himself to work out more intensely next time .
tr	NN	She grabs a hand towel and tosses it over her shoulder .
tr	NN	She experienced the delicious desert of revenge served unexpected , and the malicious candy of destroying what others cherished .
tr	NNS	Maybe I couldn 't control my powers , but they were there .
tr	NNS	I love dogs . "
tr	NNS	Smother the fires , now ! "
tr	NNS	It 'll cost a few hundred dollars to replace them .
tr	NN	Even the Japanese have a carrier , the Ise , on the way , their first deployment outside of Japanese waters in 60 years .
tr	NN	I walked barefoot along the stone floor , trying not to trip over the too-long hem .
tr	NN	Kali had a hunch that he was listening closely .
tr	NN	He gets a towel and starts to dry my hands .
tr	NNS	" Let 's ... make some assumptions for the sake of argument , here .
tr	NN	I shot a warning glare at the feline , hoping he would remain silent .
tr	NN	" You can use the favor toward anything ?
tr	NN	We were crossing the harbor .
tr	NNS	He 'd paid his four bucks .
tr	NNS	Did they call up all reserves ?
tr	NN	I 'd hold that option in reserve in case she called for a rescue .
tr	NNS	" You 've got the tapes ? "
tr	NNS	Search all my pockets before they threw me out ?
tr	NN	She made a scooting gesture with her free hand .
tr	NNS	They didn 't take each other 's wolves .
tr	NN	The doctors expect full recovery .
tr	NN	He bought a sizeable farm just outside the city that allows us to grow our own produce .
tr	NN	He tied the bolt cutter on one end of the sheet .
tr	NN	They had an eerie quality to them , the way they drifted by like waves .
tr	NN	A week later , I receive an email showing the eagle flying across the moonlit lake , returning to his natural habitat .
tr	NN	He flew down a spiral staircase .
tr	NNS	She could barely make out the twins in the shadows .
tr	NN	She was going slowly , more watching over the other child as a shepherd might his flock than playing herself .
tr	NN	Listen , they have this primeval urge to protect and take care of us , and I have an equally strong urge , to let them !
tr	NN	Reaching into his back pocket , he pulled out the obligatory condom .
tr	NNS	Each step I take makes my heart aches a little more .
tr	NN	For the first time since their stilted telephone conversation , Joy felt tears brim in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Closing her eyes , she took a few calming breaths .
tr	NN	In the window above the sink , he could see moonlight skating across the bay .
tr	NN	She used her short height to her advantage .
tr	NN	" Or perhaps , you would like a casserole .
tr	NNS	Shorty shut off the engines .
tr	NN	How could I reconcile the respect I had for her and want to peel the clothes from her body every single time I saw her ?
tr	NNS	I could see drops of moisture on the tips .
tr	NN	They have more talent , more success , and greater intelligence than the dedicated Fascist .
tr	NN	I 've got furniture arriving in the next few days . "
tr	NNS	I massaged my temples and rested my head back against the wall .
tr	NN	I 've got an appointment with the Italian Prime Minister . "
tr	NN	She eased the lid back from the box and set it beside her , then peeled back the protective layer of wrinkled white linen .
tr	NN	I pick up the receiver and dial Mrs. Bowen 's number .
tr	NN	For the first time I felt no dread of my power , no pain at the call of it , just a fierceness that was almost joy .
tr	NN	" I dropped the football and walked right off the field .
tr	NN	She saw the slightest narrowing in Derek 's eyes , as if he noted how close Lucas stood .
tr	NNS	" All right , then , take the fort crews on up to the head of the pass as quickly as you possibly can .
tr	NNS	" I don 't do drugs . "
tr	NN	Dylan never mentioned the word ' follower ' to any of them .
tr	NNS	Some part of his magic scans his surroundings independently of his will .
tr	NNS	" I think it 's working , " Aran said breathless .
tr	NN	And we 've got the grid , but that has its downsides too . "
tr	NN	" Why did you need the pen ? "
tr	NN	So Colin had efficiently subdued his brother 's rebellious impulse .
tr	NNS	He hangs his pots after he 's through and only keeps enough toys in the refrigerator to last through the week .
tr	NN	He snapped off a precise salute to Tavi .
tr	NNS	I have these two necklaces , and I intended to give them to the two of you when you were old enough . "
tr	NN	" Didn 't anyone ever tell you my secret nickname ?
tr	NN	" Just hang on , honey , okay ? "
tr	NNS	He then skied backwards , ducked down and punched the mook in the balls .
tr	NNS	I may have a few trust issues , but not as many as you 'd think coming from a childhood like that .
tr	NN	And every night when I curled up in bed alone , I fought the urge to reach out .
tr	NNS	He saw her thrash about and scream more than the others because by then , she knew exactly what was coming for her .
tr	NNS	" Any other requests ? "
tr	NN	He names a sum that would 've made me dizzy once .
tr	NNS	They laid their palms on the scanner , stepped back .
tr	NNS	He didn 't want any distractions from the outside world .
tr	NNS	She snatches the batteries from me with inquisitiveness in her expression and this weird look crosses her face .
tr	NNS	And my thermal had little strawberries on it .
tr	NN	But ... if he 'd already been paid , then why continue the charade ?
tr	NNS	He doesn 't spare Officials the way The Guardians do , but he 's defending Tia so I don 't feel as angry as I should .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , and if all they 're smuggling is dope or people , we spook our terrorists and miss the chance to intercept the explosive .
tr	NNS	He yanked back the covers , depositing her in it .
tr	NNS	He dug his fingernails into his mouth , trying to claw the look off his face , but it was frozen in place .
tr	NNS	" We can save transcendental discussions for latter .
tr	NNS	We have cogs representing blocks of hundreds of years .
tr	NNS	" Then we 'll handle the interviews together .
tr	NNS	In fact , Portland has a few ghost tours that come around and poke their heads in the hotel a few times a week .
tr	NNS	" There he is , Buzz ; 50 yards straight ahead .
tr	NN	The purse had held my fake ID , the cell that Winkler had given me and the company credit card I 'd used .
tr	NNS	They both made pretty valid points in my mind .
tr	NN	Arthur , don 't forget the key tag ! "
tr	NNS	I ate two bites of salad and the lettuce and the chicken are not agreeing in my stomach .
tr	NNS	I got quite a few brownie points from the old ball and chain . "
tr	NN	Though he was a good soldier , very solid with a battle rifle , his knack was reading digital equipment .
tr	NN	When I finished , I anointed each berry with a drop of the oil and recited , " Breath and life . "
tr	NN	I get the impression he 's hot too . "
tr	NNS	Maybe I should loosen the ties .
tr	NN	I ball up the napkin full of ice cream and turn toward the sound of the voice .
tr	NNS	Very few people had the balls to do so at a gun range .
tr	NN	" Perhaps they 've found an orphaned Hound pup . "
tr	NN	She didn 't appreciate his humor .
tr	NNS	Up close , it showed the cogs , the teeth , the symbols .
tr	NN	I never felt the brake .
tr	NN	' Yeah ... ' said Peachy distantly , trailing after the others .
tr	NNS	Nicole knew her rights .
tr	NNS	She liked both scents .
tr	NN	He reached his altitude at the edge of their private airspace , turned the aircraft toward the sun and dipped her nose .
tr	NN	Fortunately , Lily had had the foresight to store the work on diskette before allowing Schuyler use of the modem .
tr	NNS	" It will keep the nightmares away . "
tr	NNS	Human Resources kills two birds . "
tr	NNS	Don 't smoke cigarettes . "
tr	NN	... " I pray you don 't have to live to be my age , " Bill would tell anybody who 'd listen .
tr	NN	I could smell and taste her wanton lust , and it made me feel delirious with power and hornier than ever .
tr	NN	Threading a weave at the edge of the Gant clan .
tr	NN	I slipped the trio into my pocket and turned round to find Ivor striding across the room towards me looking not an inch less than seriously suspicious .
tr	NN	He twisted the cap off and drank , waiting for Anthony to finish showering .
tr	NNS	I offered bits of history about the holiday we were celebrating for cultural enrichment .
tr	NN	Room four had more soil and root vegetables , VIN noticed .
tr	NN	And old farm equipment .
tr	NNS	I put him in a couple of deals for peanuts and made him over one hundred thousand dollars . "
tr	NNS	Ian observed the twins throttling each other for a few moments , then called to no one in particular , " Cleanup in lane two . "
tr	NN	A bar smacked my kidney .
tr	NNS	" So all three of you did spells that hurt people . "
tr	NN	Would the beaded pond cure their thirst ?
tr	NNS	Sometimes parents have issues with hearing that their child 's gotten into drugs .
tr	NN	He grabbed the hilt with cuffed hands .
tr	NN	" You scared the crap out of me . "
tr	NN	" Stop it , you evil wench . "
tr	NNS	Because you have so many more picture frames to adjust on the walls this afternoon ? "
tr	NNS	He set up trust and college funds for his youngest relatives and shared his fortune with the older ones .
tr	NN	The boy took the rifle .
tr	NNS	" I 've been making excuses for you since the first time I met you .
tr	NNS	Although I didn 't want to get drunk , alcohol occasional y tempered my cravings for blood .
tr	NNS	Kenzie had already examined the throbbing red welts on my arm and back , which were extremely painful but not very deep .
tr	NNS	Turning his head away , he took several slow , deep breaths until he had regained control of the beast that dwelled within him .
tr	NNS	He could make out their silhouettes in the backseat , their lips locked and arms entangled around each other .
tr	NN	The giant handed Madeline a flute of champagne and then stepped back .
tr	NNS	As she said this , she took both dogs by their collars and pulled them away as best she could .
tr	NN	Jac McElroy had set his cap on criminal law with a determination that probably was largely lost on old man Beaton .
tr	NNS	He tossed the remains to the floor .
tr	NNS	They 'll have the same interests , fears , and worries .
tr	NN	Her fear for her fair son , however , had broken all affection between them .
tr	NN	Against advice , Corporal Joyce exited the Canadian trench and returned to the battle .
tr	NNS	And it has three independent systems to make sure nothing short of a meteor strike can stop communication . "
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , Garrison had played his cards right .
tr	NN	He advanced , dagger in reverse grip .
tr	NNS	On the table , I could see two plates with spaghetti , looking yummy .
tr	NNS	I bat my eyelashes and look up at him all contrite .
tr	NNS	Why couldn 't they have teen magazines in hospitals ?
tr	NN	She used the heavy rag by the hearth to tilt the enormous iron kettle on the hook that held it over the fire .
tr	NNS	Very few people had cleared off their sidewalks .
tr	NN	By the soft lamplight , Annie could see his jaw clench , and he grew very still .
tr	NN	His fingers greeted a deep brown curl as it dropped all the way down to her jawline .
tr	NNS	Simple as it was , it spoke volumes .
tr	NN	He summoned a pretend scowl at her soft words .
tr	NNS	" And those fine strapping , handsome sons of yours !
tr	NN	She would see their loyalty to each other , not Henry 's loyalty to his eternal responsibilities and obligations .
tr	NNS	Leaves blinded their external sensors .
tr	NNS	Earl Harald and his warriors ignored the garrison buildings .
tr	NN	He lifted his tumbler and threw back the rest of his gin .
tr	NN	I slowly shouldered my rifle , as did most every other soldier there , though I was terrified with the prospect of a firefight .
tr	NNS	" Doubt it , " the Grand Master broke his chopsticks apart and set about eating his appetizer .
tr	NNS	The first vehicles had barely gotten a hundred yards when the sergeant stood and fired a clip of bullets into my car .
tr	NN	" Uh ... hey ... what are you doing here ? "
tr	NN	He brought up a knuckle of his paw and touched her lips .
tr	NNS	Read and find the hidden treasures in you ; and live towards the ultimate goal of life .
tr	NN	A man entered the cavern .
tr	NNS	By the torchlight in the room , Cole could see the shiny tracks of tears on her cheeks .
tr	NN	He 's had the seven year itch fer about thirty year now . "
tr	NN	You 've invented a loom that Cissy wants to get her hands on .
tr	NNS	The sooner humanity acts the greater the chances of survival not just of mankind but of all life .
tr	NN	" How about you just find another broker and keep doing what you do best ? "
tr	NNS	Hoyt enjoyed jokes , and Jason enjoyed telling them .
tr	NNS	She stepped nearer and put her hands on either side of his face , just below the holes which were filled with flesh colored wax .
tr	NNS	These new inventions , however , required masses of power to maintain them .
tr	NNS	The mere idea that the people closest to him were at the hands of this character right in front of him besieged his senses .
tr	NN	He took full responsibility for the demise of his firm .
tr	NN	Layla jacked his c * ck with both hands , using the fast , firm grip she knew he liked .
tr	NN	He had respect for her skills .
tr	NNS	If you can beat that , I 'll wager five dollars . "
tr	NNS	Edward examined his fingernails .
tr	NNS	" Thank heavens we are so public here . "
tr	NNS	Brandon had fangs like a wolf .
tr	NN	Sean looked contrite , and said , " I 'm sorry , Mr. Thomas .
tr	NN	So instead I shrugged off the black vest and ran towards the androids .
tr	NN	He deserved a whipping , a beating , not a caress .
tr	NNS	The enclosed lawn sported baby pools , tires to jump through , and buckets of drinking water .
tr	NNS	I 'd tested these wolves inside out .
tr	NN	' Have a little respect . '
tr	NN	While she most likely won 't marry again , my mother has found contentment without a spouse . "
tr	NN	I pressed a fingertip to the glass .
tr	NNS	Of course we 've only been getting these big house shipments this year .
tr	NN	The residents of the area did not like policemen .
tr	NNS	" If I assure you that the pilot is very careful and extremely experienced , would that ease your fears ? "
tr	NNS	We 'll switch positions every now and then so we don 't get careless or bored .
tr	NNS	He issued another hiss .
tr	NN	I snuffed out my butt , stood up , and walked over to the Lieutenant 's desk .
tr	NN	I threw my pen across the desk and pulled out my phone .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't risk the other members of his team .
tr	NNS	Eric even managed a few bites of salmon .
tr	NNS	But Clay leaving me alone spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Tessa fought the urge to fidget , knowing it would be a signal of her nervousness .
tr	NN	Both doctors washed the soap from their hands and arms quickly as the pressure and anxiety of the situation worsened .
tr	NN	I felt all the blood drain from my face .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his palms down his legs .
tr	NNS	I can make arrangements for you . "
tr	NN	I removed the pillow and sat up .
tr	NNS	The carriage moved ever downward , its wheels clattering against the stone road of the mountain .
tr	NN	" We 've a festival in September to commemorate the film .
tr	NN	Gabriel recognized the hidden compulsion even as he leaped forward to strike , closing the distance to Lucian so fast even Francesca could not see him moving .
tr	NN	Damn his foolish ancestor who had betrayed a witch willing to curse him .
tr	NN	She dropped her keys and her handbag amidst the clutter on the coffee table , blew out a deep breath , and turned to face him .
tr	NNS	He drew his own conclusions . "
tr	NNS	Splashing my face with water , I sipped a few drops from my cupped hand , holding them beneath the cold tap .
tr	NNS	I also have other interests that meet my financial needs . "
tr	NN	Her resistance gave him the impression that she didn 't like looking at him .
tr	NNS	The queen smiled thinly , then turned and walked slowly away .
tr	NNS	I was leaving the confines of the pool for the fleshy limits of my new body .
tr	NNS	They 'd just use her actions as more proof of " typical P.I. behavior . "
tr	NNS	Two of the novels were given awards presented by the San Diego Book Awards Committee .
tr	NNS	' Worse still , I 've had reports of villagers being forced out of their homes by soldiers .
tr	NNS	" I have a few tricks up my sleeve , but that 's not one of them .
tr	NN	" Da - this one looked brand-new . "
tr	NN	She studies my passport , then leads me into the depths of the bank .
tr	NNS	It prevented any young wolves coming from that Pack .
tr	NNS	Ben sent me some texts .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples .
tr	NN	She doesn 't do theater .
tr	NN	" She wouldn 't even order a baked potato .
tr	NN	She let the parchment flutter down to join them as she leaned her head back , allowing her hair to fall over the back of the chair .
tr	NN	I dash up the staircase , skipping steps .
tr	NNS	" If you 're done with this really fun trip down memory lane , we 've got three houses to see today . "
tr	NN	He studied the landscape below , trying to discern where he was being taken .
tr	NN	Seth tugged the modest nightgown off , not happy until it was on the floor in a heap beside her feet .
tr	NN	Evan covered her trial for the Gazette . "
tr	NN	The doctor gave you a sedative since you were in so much pain . "
tr	NNS	" ' Our world ' decoration to us , " said Eris .
tr	NNS	No sane captain travelled the dangerous island waters after sunset .
tr	NNS	The passengers all took positions around the rail in anticipation of their voyage .
tr	NNS	My fingers grabbed his slacks and pulled them down his hips .
tr	NN	" I am Kol son of Loki and Thor , I have completed the second quest . "
tr	NNS	Don 't want any assassination attempts or kidnappings .
tr	NNS	Once outside , she walked a few paces from the door and held the note up to the light of the waning moon .
tr	NN	Charlie didn 't miss her changed demeanor .
tr	NNS	James Dean told Rufus .
tr	NNS	She lifted her arm so those wicked talons clutched on her leather glove .
tr	NN	He grabs my butt and grinds me against him as he kisses me deeply .
tr	NNS	We had many arguments , and he became convinced that I was deliberately keeping him from being immortal because I feared his power .
tr	NNS	Best to stick with lesser bets , like guessing you 'll win six or seven tricks . "
tr	NNS	" They 'll misconstrue your actions . "
tr	NN	Hordes of workers crippled beyond their ability to contribute in the mills performed whatever menial task they were capable of .
tr	NNS	Murray pushed the plane a few more strokes across the wood .
tr	NN	Dr. Fogel had already reached the first fossil location and was scanning the shelf above and below its assigned spot when I caught up .
tr	NN	I eased the backpack off my shoulders again and sat down on a stone .
tr	NNS	Go about five knots . "
tr	NNS	I 've studied medical texts from all corners of the world , and I 've yet to find anything more to the point than that pithy instruction .
tr	NNS	Go see the dolphins ? "
tr	NN	Luckily the arrival of their dinner gave Delilah a reprieve from the doom looming over their conversation .
tr	NN	" Why did you want the film ? "
tr	NN	It was considered the only suitable language for recording really important work .
tr	NN	" So ... you don 't hate my haircut ? "
tr	NN	It was strange , really , this sensation of him .
tr	NNS	' Sometimes we would spill drops of candle wax on each other or draw fine lines on our bodies . '
tr	NN	Lily thought the woman 's voice mesmerizing .
tr	NNS	Would the Priestess tell Gan her suspicions ?
tr	NNS	They 'd had twins , though he had thought they were girls .
tr	NN	A short distance away , she eyed a grove of low-growing trees surrounded by bushes , reminding her of a duck blind hidden for maximum effect .
tr	NNS	Josephine traced the fragments of energy with her mind and reached out to one of them .
tr	NN	Then we have nobody left to rebel . "
tr	NNS	Marissa took the items from her and handed them back to the cashier , frowning at Savannah .
tr	NN	Everyone has their own flair , their own preferences .
tr	NNS	He 'd had a few beers and intentionally spilled some on his shirt , just to make his actions and demands appear authentic .
tr	NN	My peers whom I scorned I do beg forgiveness from now .
tr	NN	We 've got a Chinese buffet to terrorize . "
tr	NNS	Besides , he 's got eighty-five points , so he 'll be heading home soon . "
tr	NN	Destroy the shrine and take the trap door down to the tunnels .
tr	NN	And I really liked the leopard , too . "
tr	NN	He remembered the hideous sensation of that great black leg raking over him .
tr	NNS	And did she have the necessary finances ?
tr	NN	Even though Mr. Burke told me he 's running a very amateur operation and only has three men in his employ .
tr	NN	We 're opening a new branch ten miles down the road .
tr	NNS	I 've already made the arrangements and the party is scheduled for tomorrow evening at eight .
tr	NNS	Don 't forget the helmets , Tim . "
tr	NNS	Jack carefully wrote out the numbers and began working his way through the problem .
tr	NNS	More than that , he could feel the desires of their beasts .
tr	NN	Anger at Conrad took a backseat to fear for his safety .
tr	NN	He 'd gotten the same treatment from his parents that Ashe had received ; he was grounded for two weeks .
tr	NN	This time , the mug let out a groan .
tr	NNS	I restocked the shelves as quickly as I could and filled in inventory on other shelves that were running low .
tr	NN	Fallon suppressed a groan .
tr	NNS	Well , as long as a person didn 't count the dozen spells and hexes that were wrapped around the room .
tr	NNS	Shane carried both the guitars .
tr	NN	He put down his fork as if I 'd seen a robber and he was getting ready to protect me .
tr	NN	" Because it 's one o ' clock in the morning . "
tr	NN	He pushed up the laptop lid and tapped until the screen resumed .
tr	NNS	In reverse the program hid large sums of cash as small deposits in hundreds of thousands of accounts .
tr	NN	An irreverent echo of voices broke the solitude .
tr	NNS	She even brought him sandwiches for lunch when he hung out in the gazebo across from Norman 's .
tr	NNS	She then repeated the motions with my white wine .
tr	NN	He panted and rubbed the stitch in his side , wishing for a stick of Summer 's gum .
tr	NN	I 've got a pen .
tr	NN	" You run the magazine .
tr	NNS	" She threw knives , Meredith .
tr	NN	She would never lose faith in her mother .
tr	NN	Suddenly feeling light and gleeful , I grab his pillow , pull it over my face and inhale .
tr	NNS	The guards wore business suits .
tr	NNS	If the fastenings failed to open the submariners also carried knives .
tr	NN	I focused the viewer on the lab , just hours ago .
tr	NNS	She also gave herself points for overcoming her humiliation enough to go back in there .
tr	NNS	" They had their own classes to run to .
tr	NN	A woman in front of him had a seizure of some sort just as her ticket was being checked .
tr	NN	However , he had caught a small glimpse of something ... it could have been nothing , but he would take not risk losing another chance .
tr	NNS	But common sense quickly overcame my fears .
tr	NN	She added a red silk blouse and picked up an intricate belt .
tr	NN	Lady Hartwell had genuine affection in her voice .
tr	NN	Simply looking at her gave Liz a glimpse of what heaven must be .
tr	NN	He bit back a groan .
tr	NNS	Although we certainly don 't eat lobster regularly , we do cherish our sit-down meals ! "
tr	NNS	Unchecked , she could and would murder millions and billions of people .
tr	NN	I pulled my revolver , Lucy , and walked in .
tr	NN	Of course , she 'd had her revenge .
tr	NN	Does Your Majesty require a healer ? "
tr	NN	At least , it looks a clock .
tr	NN	She and my brother are demolishing a large pepperoni as we speak . "
tr	NNS	I pull out two spines from his butt .
tr	NNS	It took him two attempts before he got the screen door open .
tr	NNS	" Does the Queen have any objections to visitors in her home village ? "
tr	NN	But then , everyone needs a hobby . "
tr	NN	The rhythmic strokes sent a bolt of heat through me .
tr	NNS	Henry led the clients coming to his terminal back through the gate .
tr	NN	During my interview and when she issued the prophecy , I scrutinized both her demeanor and her mind .
tr	NN	I set the kitten on my bed and went in search of something for him to sleep on and food for him .
tr	NN	" I gave myself a trio of death ... one of which was sure to claim me . "
tr	NN	I scraped up a tiny dab with a toothpick .
tr	NN	His mom had had cancer , and Mr. Landry went AWOL during the chemo treatments .
tr	NN	Elise turned off the stove and we sat and watched the TV together .
tr	NNS	He adjusted the folds and gently knelt , while everyone else remained standing .
tr	NNS	I headed down the bleachers and raced ahead before my friends could follow me .
tr	NNS	But Cheyenne had her doubts since the redhead had a flirtatious grin on her face , and her boobs were practically falling out of her dress .
tr	NN	" He made a bargain with me , did you not mighty Lu ? "
tr	NN	For me , I am solving a puzzle , completing a picture .
tr	NN	Let forth thy just punishment . "
tr	NNS	Sit down , gentlemen . "
tr	NNS	" I can 't predict the bottle twitches any better than the next person .
tr	NNS	Her late husband , Jason , had kept emergency supplies down here in case something ever happened .
tr	NNS	She even misses certain members of the family . "
tr	NNS	I had my doubts that Olivia could provide any , but I said nothing .
tr	NN	She 'd discussed the possibility of having a trait inherited from her father without experiencing an onset of painful memories .
tr	NNS	They had not formed ranks and their weapons were not in any way uniform , but there were a lot of them and they were armed .
tr	NN	Isaac had raised the possibility first .
tr	NNS	" Hear my bidding : Send spies into the rebels ' camp , birds to pick at this seed of revolt .
tr	NN	They 'd need more proof to force a scan on him .
tr	NNS	I have Dweller numbers that I can control now .
tr	NNS	Do Not Open Doors If Warm .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens his brother did not meet her .
tr	NNS	" This is so messed up , " Ashe pulled the covers back on his bed .
tr	NN	I have a lease . "
tr	NN	" Oh my god ! "
tr	NNS	A few minutes later came footfalls on the stairs , then the knob turned and the door opened .
tr	NNS	Everyone knelt down and vigorously shook canisters in their hands .
tr	NN	I 've always loved literature so it makes sense to major in it . "
tr	NN	He paused and looked up the stairwell .
tr	NNS	Where there had been a dark rectangle opening into the geographer 's dingy study , there was now only waving palms and sunlit sand .
tr	NNS	He rubbed her thighs and circled her core , making her whimper .
tr	NNS	By this time Matthew had gathered his wits about him and was asking why she had come in to the shower with him .
tr	NN	She stopped pacing and stood still .
tr	NN	They boarded the craft in the early evening and were told to have a sleep while they could .
tr	NN	" Could you put the cap on a dolphin ? "
tr	NN	She 'd oiled woodwork , polished silver , and scrubbed the pink marble floor in the entry hall until she could see her face in it .
tr	NNS	She drinks , she smokes , she takes drugs . "
tr	NNS	They were dealing drugs and small arms out of Maine , north of Augusta .
tr	NNS	" Shut up Calypso . "
tr	NN	Next he called the dealership and asked to speak to the manager .
tr	NN	" You can scratch my belly if you want . "
tr	NN	" Should we attack now my lord ?
tr	NNS	The whiteness swallowed Azura and Shadow Wing as Echo fell backwards .
tr	NNS	She certainly had the same fears and concerns .
tr	NNS	We got business interests to protect . "
tr	NNS	If you were , I have my doubts you would still be around . "
tr	NNS	The Seers have abilities we cannot even comprehend .
tr	NN	Even from across the room , I could see the tightening of his mouth and the angry crease between his eyes .
tr	NNS	I groan , squeezing my legs against his h * ps as the tip of him presses into me .
tr	NN	I hear his sharp intake of breath then his hands fist into the hair at the sides of my head .
tr	NNS	" I have more connections here than you can dream of .
tr	NNS	" Professor Hinkley found hair and skin fibers in the suits you are wearing , and was able to extract the DNA of the officers wearing them .
tr	NN	He heard a drawer open and close and the soft rustle of fabric .
tr	NNS	It would mean no long , extended business trips .
tr	NNS	Get your priorities in order . "
tr	NNS	She took a few ragged breaths than closed her eyes .
tr	NN	" Why are we doing this Calder ?
tr	NNS	Otherwise , why send detectives on top of the cops who responded to the call ? "
tr	NNS	Toomey contemplated the stained mattress that they had tossed over the cliff into the ravine that served as the Cove 's dump .
tr	NN	I can predict its effect on the next stone , and the next .
tr	NN	Lavina returned the firm handshake and nodded .
tr	NNS	Each of you has your own special talents .
tr	NNS	" You get any strange vibes from him ? "
tr	NNS	If you want to wait , I have no problems with it , " she smelled the roses .
tr	NN	A rough pair of fingers worked a gag over his big mouth with duct tape before they pushed him to his feet .
tr	NNS	" I 've already had my cards read this week . "
tr	NN	He turned the doorknob that led to the foyer .
tr	NN	This town is undergoing an immediate evacuation .
tr	NNS	I 've been remembering all sorts of things that I had forgotten .
tr	NNS	Once he reached the grill , he checked the coals , putting his mind to the task at hand .
tr	NN	I ran my fingernail down the corner of the book , making a ratchet sound .
tr	NN	You got a needle and thread ?
tr	NNS	How many meals have you cooked in your life ? "
tr	NN	My fellow Angles to our right had seen their doom .
tr	NN	The one Marcia had called eye candy .
tr	NNS	We don 't have good numbers , but our best guess makes it a medium sized demon . "
tr	NNS	He only picked the darkest roads as we made our way out of the village .
tr	NNS	Graves do not include these unusual items .
tr	NN	I have candy in the pantry , " Will said , even more excited now .
tr	NNS	She hated the noises of her chewing .
tr	NNS	006 mimicked Toby 's actions , examining Toby and himself as if inspecting his new suit in a mirror .
tr	NN	Eve accepted the handshake with a mischievous gleam in her dark eyes .
tr	NNS	He crossed the forty yards of open ground and hugged the library 's side wall and went in through a handicapped entrance .
tr	NNS	He began deep breaths , using circular breathing , hoping to regain strength faster .
tr	NN	She sipped the brew and suppressed a shudder .
tr	NNS	" Drake would never change his methods .
tr	NN	Looking into Doug 's eyes , she felt his sincerity .
tr	NNS	She would make the best pies with those berries , my favorite dessert . "
tr	NNS	I imagine the blades sucking me in and spitting me out the other side , and shudder a little .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't hear any birds , either .
tr	NNS	However , both Taoism and Buddhism had found the hearts of many educated Chinese and lived on in their personal lives and in their relationships with nature .
tr	NN	" Are you saying I can 't rejoin the squad ? "
tr	NN	screamed the Queen in the face of the sorcerer .
tr	NN	" Encounter your substance ! "
tr	NNS	Her family vacations included trips to Paris and London where they stayed in hotels with every amenity imaginable .
tr	NNS	He pulled back the covers , eased her beneath them , and said , " Don 't go to sleep yet .
tr	NN	" So swears every mad bomber . "
tr	NNS	Massive trucks brought supplies needed for erecting temporary barracks , storage shelters , and administrative offices .
tr	NNS	" When can I get these tubes out of me ? "
tr	NNS	Slowly , he bent down and his face was so close to mine , I could feel his hot breaths on my skin .
tr	NN	He gave a derisive snort .
tr	NNS	I walked a few paces away , toward a grove of oak trees .
tr	NN	Sara fought the urge to roll her eyes .
tr	NNS	" Mamma likes her roses , but Uncle Justin said I could have some .
tr	NNS	Only nerds rode bicycles to school .
tr	NN	The sailors dropped the basin .
tr	NN	I feel a sensation like a rock sinking to the bottom of my stomach .
tr	NN	He watched her climb out of her silver Mercedes convertible .
tr	NNS	Plus he had all those issues with his father , and coffee helped take the sting out of those .
tr	NNS	" My men and I can 't get any leads .
tr	NN	But your son has a spiritual destiny that won 't be denied .
tr	NN	Thomas felt the same urge as Minho -- to ask a million questions .
tr	NN	I fluff my pillow and turn away from him .
tr	NNS	She wore loose necklaces , not many .
tr	NN	And she couldn 't channel enough Power to light a candle , let alone fight back .
tr	NN	" Now I need a laird who needs help .
tr	NN	Chocolate fudge wasthe bribe when it came to being forgiven for doing something stupid and male .
tr	NN	He regained consciousness for a brief moment during the jeep ride home , on route to the hospital .
tr	NN	Jenny 's little brother Joey had a fake snake made out of it .
tr	NN	Phyllis picked up the next item from her pile .
tr	NN	Save the flute for stragglers or rebels . "
tr	NN	Did they find my treasure ? '
tr	NNS	Up until now , they 've had exclusive rights to the country .
tr	NNS	They had abilities that they never would have dreamed of .
tr	NN	At her car , she quickly pressed the lock release and slid into the driver 's side .
tr	NN	The sound of falling water grew fainter , replaced by the heavy thump of his own heartbeat , struggling against the pressure on his chest .
tr	NN	Claire had seen the fury in Monica 's eyes , quickly covered over with smiles and laughter and flirting .
tr	NN	But she would hurt this eve .
tr	NNS	Many of them have developed methods of propulsion that I cannot say I fully understand .
tr	NN	Bond gave a shuddering yawn .
tr	NN	Turning on his heel , he added a dismissive , " Good night , Captain . "
tr	NNS	I broke a few hearts in my time too .
tr	NN	" I 'd lost any respect I ever had for Bruce shortly after we were married .
tr	NN	I see the hex flow from Sydney 's mother , a little red stream of light , which ties itself around Marlene 's neck like a collar .
tr	NNS	From time to time , I heard complaints about it , but everyone was too tired for it to be virulent .
tr	NN	I reversed the Scout carefully back to Kansas Road .
tr	NN	The king pulled up the visor and set his helm aside , and recognizing the king he let out a mocking sigh .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths and quieted my head , straining to hear any thoughts that might be coming from up ahead .
tr	NNS	The authorities chalked these sightings up to mistaken identity .
tr	NNS	" God heard your prayers , Karen .
tr	NNS	" How does learning about Barrett help resolve doubts the police might have ? "
tr	NN	He moved the small black comb through the length of his goatee in the reflection .
tr	NNS	Most of them had blood caked to their clothing .
tr	NN	I grabbed a fork from the untouched tray , shoved the cart aside and threw myself at the demon .
tr	NN	He still wore the traditional black garb of palace servants , but had a small crest affixed to the shoulder .
tr	NN	Nick handed him the mop and returned his arm to the sling .
tr	NN	When I approached the enemy mass between me and my goal , I felt energy flow into me and my legs bunched .
tr	NN	I owe Palomino a solid favor for getting us in to rescue ... a guy , but she shouldn 't be telling vampire business around town . "
tr	NNS	I have some items secured in a fragile wooden box that is tucked safely into the back of a dresser drawer .
tr	NN	The wolf caught Barrett 's glare and curled his lip in warning .
tr	NNS	The next two ships were still struggling with their anchors and were relatively easy targets .
tr	NNS	He has three other dark suits with him and they scramble for kitchen chairs and stools .
tr	NNS	In some countries they were even ruling powers . "
tr	NNS	His lips part and I hear the hiss of air as it 's pulled between his gritted teeth .
tr	NNS	But we talked airplanes .
tr	NNS	Every second that they went undetected increased the chances of their escape .
tr	NN	You just learned a very important life lesson . "
tr	NN	" Did he tell you he used a bat ? "
tr	NNS	So he repeated the arguments over to himself quietly , instead , so he should not forget them .
tr	NN	I was the only one who lived over it , " I set my plastic fork down with a sigh .
tr	NN	I had the same nurse throughout my stay too .
tr	NNS	I fluttered my eyelashes .
tr	NNS	Duncan bared his fangs .
tr	NN	The nearest creature let out a frustrated growl and reached into a pouch that hung at its hip .
tr	NNS	The hours pass by and the scenery dramatically changes .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the women who performed the torture brought clubs and battle chains just to mix things up .
tr	NNS	Girls flutter their eyelashes , flick their hair , and skim their eyes through the people to find a guy to take home .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any more surprises , understood ? "
tr	NNS	He could not match his eye contacts with me .
tr	NN	Other than a mild upset stomach , my two glasses of wine had had no effect .
tr	NNS	I could have learned quantum physics in the time they took to make . "
tr	NNS	Homework and chores and all that .
tr	NNS	Why make an easy path from the sea to the city , why eliminate the natural defenses of weather and height ?
tr	NN	He 'd threatened Eric 's leadership , he 'd hurt Eric , and he needed to be eliminated .
tr	NN	But he heard that little caution in her voice .
tr	NN	The chemist was losing a fortune on him because of me !
tr	NN	She headed down the hill toward the forest .
tr	NNS	I mean , I 'm either driving clients or at team practice .
tr	NNS	She could hear hearts beating .
tr	NNS	It offers many alternative methods of engagement to resolve disputes .
tr	NNS	They held their own knives ready and shifted from foot to foot , feeling the rhythm of the combat , ready to join in an instant .
tr	NNS	Whatever mood was riding Daemon Sadi could have lethal repercussions for the rest of the males in this place .
tr	NN	" What the fuck do I know ?
tr	NNS	We walked a couple blocks in silence , heading for a cluster of trees behind the sports fields .
tr	NN	You don 't need a lawyer .
tr	NN	We have about a quarter of our genes in common . "
tr	NNS	I 've already made arrangements to deal with them . "
tr	NNS	James noticed his sons staring and coughed loudly to bring them back to Earth .
tr	NN	I gave him the general location of my house and then gathered up my all my courage and continued , feeling my face heat as I did .
tr	NN	She could feel her stomach pang with hunger , and hear its growls .
tr	NN	He smelled the Black Death and nudged bodies out of his way with his boot .
tr	NNS	You didn 't see any dogs this time did you ? "
tr	NNS	We can pick and choose our assignments .
tr	NNS	Their exquisite faces and beautiful eyes reflect the heavens .
tr	NNS	How could he explain his actions to Richard ?
tr	NNS	He 'd had his suspicions .
tr	NNS	" Not to be callous , but don 't we have less mouths to feed now ? "
tr	NN	I wouldn 't mind the climb at all , but I don 't like the feeling of doing it blind .
tr	NN	He could storm the castle and I would just follow along behind him .
tr	NN	Talbott produced a golden crown , bedazzled with all sorts of jewels , from who knew where and placed it respectfully on Kiran 's head .
tr	NNS	What she didn 't know about cats could fill volumes .
tr	NN	The baby took the morsel and started chewing greedily .
tr	NN	At fifteen she had started modeling for local catalogs and magazines and began to pull in some money .
tr	NN	But , that was all ripped away last week when Logan told me he had cancer .
tr	NNS	" Which ... speaks volumes of your abilities to intoxicate opponents before you fight them . "
tr	NNS	In a nutshell , I outsourced my skills , instincts , cleverness , and good looks to the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
tr	NN	They made hay according to plan throughout the late morning hours and into the early afternoon before stopping to eat .
tr	NNS	A bas-relief showed Greek criminals , daubed with wings and feathers , being thrown from the cliffs off the island of Leucadia .
tr	NN	We finished off the whole , huge pizza .
tr	NNS	" You haven 't even perused the wares ! "
tr	NN	" The police searched the farm .
tr	NNS	They ordered grilled fish sandwiches for dinner .
tr	NN	The first tower was nearing the southern shoreline and Barrier Keep and the archers turned their attentions to it .
tr	NNS	He could feel the stares he was getting by the kids and the teachers as he breezed by them , following his nose to Rachel .
tr	NN	He sets a briefcase down upon a marble table next to the door and heads her way .
tr	NN	Brazen expected an angry outburst at least , but the controlled silence was even more disquieting .
tr	NN	That sound echoed through the tense air of the bayou and sent chills up my spine .
tr	NN	After another thirty minutes of bouncing across the poorly maintained road , Michael pulled the jeep off to the side and parked .
tr	NN	He then apparently got his first good glimpse of Conrad .
tr	NNS	The automatic pilot starts up the engines .
tr	NNS	He 's never taken these items from this office since arriving .
tr	NNS	We have laid out the criminals in Washington D.C. who were charged to protect the nation .
tr	NNS	Oh , you 'd make the cutest babies . "
tr	NN	Aside from house wards and a few basic healing spells , she 'd avoided the craft to stay off the radar of those with bad intentions .
tr	NNS	An eerie blue light broke through the jungle a hundred yards ahead .
tr	NN	They watched the cavalry carefully , however , and were prepared to run at a moment 's notice .
tr	NN	I have a whole new respect for you , now .
tr	NNS	But I wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	I stole my file once and read it .
tr	NNS	She loved her roses .
tr	NN	We 've given her a sedative to help her sleep , so she might be a little groggy .
tr	NN	' Let him swim around for a while , ' he instructed the sergeant .
tr	NN	She backed off the pleading method and tried a different approach .
tr	NNS	The family clearly had their own rituals and traditions developed over years , decades , maybe generations .
tr	NNS	A full-size snooker table , you see , ladies and gentlemen , boasts the almighty dimensions of twelve feet long and six feet wide .
tr	NN	He 'd begun his worship as a young man traveling with his parents in the Armed Forces .
tr	NN	I lifted the hem of my dress off the floor and stepped over the threshold .
tr	NN	Not someone to feel jealousy or treat her badly or with indifference .
tr	NN	" She got me out of that hole and she seemed okay , " Winkler was sipping more juice .
tr	NN	" I won 't chase away my granddaughter as well .
tr	NNS	Sebastian must have some connections - " The door buzzer sounded , and they all jumped .
tr	NN	It had the design of a meditation labyrinth with only a single set of stairs opposite the entrance .
tr	NNS	By the time of her ceremony , she had already exhibited several abilities , but even she never mastered them all . "
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs as he advanced .
tr	NN	Daisy left the stove and joined Priscilla at the table , where Evie was still asleep in her Moses basket .
tr	NN	Many of the world rulers wanted to be perceived as important and being called by a member of Rashid 's family would give them that impression .
tr	NN	In the hallway , he took possession of the cart and wheeled it out the door .
tr	NN	She ignored his pity .
tr	NN	I gave her hand one last squeeze and then stepped outside , where I was immediately blasted by morning heat .
tr	NNS	Maybe I 'd used up all my chances , and by being stupid and stubborn , I could never , ever win her back .
tr	NN	He at least looked sheepish when he shrugged .
tr	NN	Why I quit softball .
tr	NN	She took her crown off and threw it onto the table next to her .
tr	NNS	Their hair looks bright purple and their lips match .
tr	NN	" I don 't want another quest .
tr	NNS	I need my warehouses , and they 're all filled to the rafters with beans . "
tr	NN	Altair could still hear the low moans of the slaves from the chamber behind .
tr	NNS	" Two hundred dollars . "
tr	NN	They have made a nation of addicts out of us .
tr	NN	" But you found the cop , right ? "
tr	NNS	Honestly , if I were Gage , I would make up a million excuses to get away from me , too .
tr	NN	Francesca continued the charade with a halfhearted wave before she ducked beneath Gabriel 's arm into the safety of the house .
tr	NNS	" I feel ill Tess .
tr	NNS	And as I listened to my husband on that porch , I pictured scores of our children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren watching the setting sun with us .
tr	NN	A knock at the door broke her reverie , forcing Jane to refocus as Mrs. Hobart stuck her head in .
tr	NNS	I bat my eyelashes and smile like a stupid Southern belle because he must think I 'm a moron if he believes I 'm buying that .
tr	NNS	" How did he pronounce his punishments ? "
tr	NN	" I 've left that command . "
tr	NNS	Her fingers felt the boldness and tentatively moved around , exploring .
tr	NN	I should find out this small detail before I got ahead of myself .
tr	NNS	I 've seen several varieties of bugs that are usually natural enemies fleeing from that smoke side by side . "
tr	NNS	Her eyes darkened dangerously .
tr	NN	I made an impatient gesture .
tr	NN	No more pickles or cheese or sandwiches from Mr. Furnace ; you 'll want a good rice pudding or some semolina . "
tr	NN	Before she could explain , Ty stuffed the bandana back in .
tr	NN	" You 're giving me a lesson in economics ? "
tr	NNS	I felt dizzy , and someone brought me a chair .
tr	NN	The Yangtze had suffered a much worse fate .
tr	NN	You can 't have the Camaro . "
tr	NNS	Finally , he took several deep breaths , looked at his arm again , and asked , " What did you do in all this ? "
tr	NN	This private neighborhood with its lavish houses had almost no traffic so anything out of the ordinary would broadcast its presence .
tr	NNS	We both made too many assumptions . "
tr	NN	Except that we 'd already entered a plea in the metaphorical court .
tr	NN	She spotted the staircase and slid down the railing .
tr	NN	She used the towel to wipe the sweat from his face and chest .
tr	NN	That glitter in his eye at the restaurant had revealed his hunger .
tr	NN	He 's developing some new software to prevent against hackers at the casino . "
tr	NN	He didn 't offer any protest when she reached the door and pulled it open .
tr	NN	At one stage she held one needle under her arm as she wove the yarn around the tip of the other .
tr	NNS	He should have known the dangers , when he found he couldn 't control the swarms .
tr	NN	Turning on every light in the house , I padded barefoot to the freezer and assembled an ice pack out of ice cubes and a Ziploc bag .
tr	NNS	And now you 've attracted the vultures as well . "
tr	NNS	" But I don 't like seeds . "
tr	NN	In his hand he held a plant .
tr	NNS	Round chocolates with a tiny sugar rose in the center or heart-shaped ones covered in shiny foil the color of prom dresses or bridesmaids ' gowns .
tr	NN	To her dismay , she was growing hotter by the moment .
tr	NN	He followed that long wire with his eyes , forward and back , noting others of the sort .
tr	NN	He gave a groan from deep under the covers and slowly pulled the blanket from over his head .
tr	NNS	" Neither do the doctors .
tr	NN	He gave her the same sensation as the journal did : the sense of magic , of possibility , of anxious danger .
tr	NNS	Alex picked up both dishes and headed for the door to the dining room , but paused when Cale suddenly went rushing past her .
tr	NN	" I don 't need your protection ! "
tr	NNS	Being this close to William is overwhelming my senses .
tr	NNS	Tell him all the beats he got wrong , how he mangled the language , how he confused the audience .
tr	NN	They felt joy and pain .
tr	NN	Definitely getting a motorcycle .
tr	NN	I touched the empty easel .
tr	NN	I heard the front door slam behind her .
tr	NNS	I took the plates out , collected the glasses .
tr	NNS	Maurice and Brother George rode up and down the ranks to protect the men from any attack .
tr	NNS	Ruby heard the hiss of paper ripping .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to roll my eyes .
tr	NNS	Finally we grabbed the wheels and lifted Hunter together .
tr	NN	Such a crime deserved a harsh punishment .
tr	NN	This probably put a fork in my search for Karla .
tr	NN	Still groggy , he checked the clock .
tr	NN	After seeing the photos and realizing the magnitude of what the Russells were up against , Neil felt an innate masculine duty to protect Angelina .
tr	NN	He might not have Holiday 's easy , somewhat loving method of connecting with the campers , but he made up for it in other ways .
tr	NNS	They walked a few paces away .
tr	NN	I got the impression he would rather be playing that instrument .
tr	NNS	And I have some , uh , skills from my military intel days . "
tr	NNS	He fixed two plates , heaping each with what had to be an entire rabbit .
tr	NNS	Plus , like I said , the pathologist would have discovered these items . "
tr	NNS	As instructed , we observed their movements and reported back at our scheduled times .
tr	NN	Collecting their meager belongings , they exited the aircraft by way of a set of portable stairs .
tr	NNS	You paid bribes and bought information .
tr	NNS	" Did you have nightmares ? "
tr	NNS	Ignoring the comment , Guy handed two tennis balls to his brother as they switched ends .
tr	NN	They inspected the aircraft for any damage it might have sustained from the rough landing roll .
tr	NNS	Feel the heaviness in your mind as you try to shield me ?
tr	NN	You can 't go tempting fate . "
tr	NN	Even ... " Cereals could hear Horrendous shudder .
tr	NNS	Do I know any good Chuck Norris jokes ?
tr	NN	It contains the location of a cache of stolen warheads .
tr	NN	I felt a strong urge to say her name and talk about her , as if that would make me closer to her .
tr	NN	" So , I need the grease to get this deal going .
tr	NN	First she noticed the tingling sensation running through her body .
tr	NN	And they follow my command to the letter .
tr	NNS	It was like throwing Hustler magazines at sex addicts .
tr	NNS	" Inside the detection systems ? "
tr	NNS	Elves directed the companions to another home where they were able to take baths and get clean clothes .
tr	NN	Clovis 's voice came over the speaker again .
tr	NN	Not surprisingly , Jarrett took a shine to Ridley .
tr	NNS	" And you picked up some tricks ? "
tr	NN	" You can keep the castle , " he said , " but I 'm taking the crown .
tr	NNS	No doubt we were sending off some serious soap opera vibes .
tr	NN	He dropped the communicator in his pocket and closed his locker door .
tr	NNS	Since the day before I left the Two Rivers .
tr	NNS	She wore white flannel gowns all day long and drank endless cups of hot tea .
tr	NNS	In an interview with Esquire magazine , Reginald listed his interests as ... " " Polo and sailing , " Eddie said .
tr	NN	Give me the uncensored version for God 's sake ! "
tr	NNS	Sure , they 'd all traded their ball gowns for flannel pajamas , but one look at my roommates told me they were anything but comfortable .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the helmets , handed one to her while I climbed on .
tr	NNS	Darcy set the pages she had been clutching down on a dusty folding table that had been set up in the centre of the room .
tr	NN	Every telltale sound in the darkness had brought his rifle up , ready to fire .
tr	NN	He swallowed the last morsel in his mouth and spoke .
tr	NNS	She sighed and threw back the covers .
tr	NNS	I had a thousand bucks in my wallet , wherever it happens to be now .
tr	NNS	We give them shots , spay or neuter them , then try to find farms where they can be barn cats .
tr	NN	Maybe our creator had given him a deadline , too . "
tr	NN	I sifted through some stuff on the nightstand , then opened the drawer .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to cry .
tr	NN	" You really did slay a dragon by yourself - you had killed the mother . "
tr	NN	" Callum made a bargain with some Fae . "
tr	NNS	She 'd skipped lunch for fear it would make her nauseous .
tr	NN	You make the battery smaller , you increase its range and application .
tr	NNS	She finished the candles and joined me .
tr	NN	Thus the crew was being bombarded again , the craft rocking from the attack .
tr	NNS	The three alternates took their positions in folding chairs .
tr	NNS	The sled 's runners crunched dried needles and scraped tracks into the icy snow .
tr	NNS	It was flooding his senses .
tr	NN	Each time , I saw its form ripple , but it still didn 't come after me .
tr	NNS	Fredrick could see many red orange bugs still hovered outside the cave .
tr	NNS	Ghostly pale faces escaped the oils which held in stasis their likeness .
tr	NN	Astrid tugged a bib apron from her backpack and slung it over her neck for her breakfast shift at the shop .
tr	NNS	Dashing back a step , the thief throws three daggers into the ground in front of the Queen .
tr	NN	Her mother grasped the doorknob .
tr	NNS	I checked our security cameras , and this is spooky . "
tr	NN	Her lack of ability to sing well didn 't diminish his capacity to enjoy the view .
tr	NNS	Taking a wrecking bar from the bench by the door he opened up the four crates .
tr	NNS	She placed the plates carefully in front of Zoey and watched her eagerly with her yellow cat-like eyes .
tr	NN	" Why didn 't you grab the Chest ? "
tr	NNS	Are you coming to visit the twins with me ? ' '
tr	NNS	" You don 't know all my tricks . "
tr	NN	Find some other loser to feel sorry for . "
tr	NN	She would cross a boundary she 'd erected in her mind , and there was no coming back from something like that .
tr	NNS	She felt the drops of his tears on her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Next time we can pass a hundred shops if you want before choosing one . "
tr	NNS	He saw wolves with blood red eyes bursting apart and tall men that floated over the ground and stared at you with black , unblinking eyes .
tr	NNS	I have a few contacts .
tr	NNS	He grew dizzy and felt like he was falling .
tr	NNS	I am taking all my important electronic data and notes with me .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to cover his nose and mouth with his hand .
tr	NNS	A new flat carpet in a neutral color would do wonders in helping people envision themselves in the house .
tr	NN	Then came the last great Spirit Chief , Taha Aki .
tr	NN	I can 't exactly lend you credibility .
tr	NN	The two other bikers were adding cream to their coffee .
tr	NNS	All the androgens , stimulants , and surgeries could not mask the heaviness of his heart .
tr	NNS	My gaze sweeps the cliffs and the spot where the guards seemed to materialize out of thin air .
tr	NN	He could hear Henry 's desperate plea : " Ares ! "
tr	NNS	" Any objections ? "
tr	NNS	Volumes of hardbound books filled the bottom two shelves , ' Dungeons & Dragons ' printed on them in shiny silver and gold embossed foil .
tr	NN	" Jenny still hadn 't regained consciousness and that was the thing that worried me the most .
tr	NNS	Astrid retracted her blades and dropped to the ground before the troll could catch sight of her .
tr	NNS	" When in love , a person will always find excuses for their lover . "
tr	NNS	He had a few contracts he could get a jump-start on as well as some emails to power through .
tr	NN	Queen Margaret would not admit defeat .
tr	NN	I could feel his protection .
tr	NN	" Nice package . "
tr	NN	They hadn 't used a condom .
tr	NN	I mean the tape I left you ? "
tr	NN	They had recited every little prayer , every little novena , every little litany of hope .
tr	NN	" Bloody well I did , young missy , and bloody worried about you , too .
tr	NN	Eve put stakes in her pockets , then tossed a crossbow to Shane , who caught it in midair .
tr	NNS	" I have no designs whatsoever for such a thing ! "
tr	NNS	" Thirty thousand dollars ? "
tr	NNS	I drop the mattress and then sit on it , setting the ring aside as I flip the picture over .
tr	NN	" But now I 've seen the error of my ways . "
tr	NN	He turned , his gaze narrowing over her choice of clothing .
tr	NNS	" You 're having doubts ? "
tr	NN	She pressed the pen into my fingers .
tr	NNS	Some nodded and one or two got off their stools and shook Zack 's hand or clapped him on the back .
tr	NN	And I 'd bet my treasure your mother knew it when she had it placed on you . "
tr	NN	She could not simply turn and leave the theater just because she discovered this man was to be a part of her party .
tr	NN	" This is going to take me a while , " she smeared the red coloring but couldn 't effectively scrub it off .
tr	NNS	" In my dream , they were walking the corridors of this particular pyramid and muttering about a cloak of invisibility .
tr	NNS	She studied the ancient gods .
tr	NNS	If Dahlia was in the building , the team would be overrunning even her capabilities .
tr	NN	They got an antipasto platter to share , and Becca ordered manicotti and Zach got eggplant parmesan served over spaghetti ( one of his favorite dishes ) .
tr	NN	When no one was looking I opened the coffin lid an inch or two and slid the number inside .
tr	NNS	She bore a fierceness in her eyes that made Amira 's earlier fury look like mild annoyance .
tr	NNS	I pushed the engines to half speed , making sure I was rising faster than I was accelerating .
tr	NN	Misses Ling picked up her teacup , and noticed that it wasn 't tea .
tr	NN	She scanned the landscape for the first time without looking through a camera or window .
tr	NN	Dozens of soldiers had encircled the craft , most pointing their automatic rifles .
tr	NNS	He won 't accept any excuses . "
tr	NNS	She saw in GMD 's books large sums of money quickly spent but only dribbling back .
tr	NNS	The author holds the rights to this work .
tr	NNS	" Once I 've banished the evil weeds from this place . "
tr	NN	Could Yves have left a lit candle on the stairs , reflecting from the water ?
tr	NNS	Straddling her , I put my fangs to her throat .
tr	NNS	" I just like the wolves .
tr	NN	He chose the latter , and David slipped down a much less crowded and far narrower alley as soon as the opportunity presented itself .
tr	NN	I grabbed a clean nightgown and underwear and headed to the bathroom .
tr	NNS	They 've got five sons , each more blood thirsty than the last .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " Chris answered his gaze intent upon Devon 's .
tr	NNS	His black eyes glittered dangerously .
tr	NNS	# Later they fed the dogs , but left them in Owen 's loft .
tr	NNS	She gathered up all the drug paraphernalia and put it in her purse .
tr	NN	He opened a drawer and rifled through it before pulling out a printed T-shirt and tossing it to me .
tr	NN	She could remember every detail of his face , every fleeting expression .
tr	NN	Terry picked up his notepad and looked at Jay giving him his full attention .
tr	NNS	He wore navy slacks and a khaki blazer , a pale blue shirt beneath .
tr	NN	Now shall we call a truce ? "
tr	NN	" You sly fox ! "
tr	NN	I began his hunter .
tr	NNS	Their eyes were freezing cold yet burning bright pits of ice and nothingness , which danced with raw , naked flames .
tr	NNS	" Well , apparently I can deflect fireballs with my mind and can pull up a protective shield .
tr	NN	His hesitation gave her instant justification for keeping him in ignorance . '
tr	NN	The word pops unbidden into my mind and I try to shake it off .
tr	NN	Then his gaze swept the landscape to either side .
tr	NN	We have had some success , but the creation of such individuals has been meager -- to say the least . "
tr	NN	" Julian , you will stop feeding on her right now .
tr	NNS	" I can make sandwiches .
tr	NN	That girl has real talent and now she 's going to have a police record to go along with that talent . "
tr	NN	Gwen gave a little frustrated growl .
tr	NN	He pushed back a strand of my hair as it fell across my face .
tr	NNS	Styx bared his fangs .
tr	NNS	He brought his lips inches from mine .
tr	NNS	" Change stations now . "
tr	NN	Amidst all the commotion that had occurred since he 'd stepped inside , Jason hadn 't noticed the cage in the corner .
tr	NN	I made an inelegant snort in the back of my throat .
tr	NN	He 'd just come off duty and hadn 't been home yet .
tr	NN	I couldn 't afford a bicycle nor had I the right to purchase one .
tr	NNS	Coming on top of those pranks that were played on you , I can 't take any chances .
tr	NNS	The man collected cans all day and deposited them for a cash refund .
tr	NN	I grab the scroll out of my jacket and slip the black satin ribbon off , and ... I unroll it .
tr	NNS	" Call m ' Jess ! "
tr	NNS	They divide up the suspicious planets and send the heroes out to explore , following clues and intuition until the answer becomes clear .
tr	NN	You 'll find the Gate in here . "
tr	NNS	Ryder shifted their positions , moving so that she lay beneath him on the couch .
tr	NN	He obeys my command as I gingerly place the weight back on my bad ankle .
tr	NN	At lunchtime , he finally called his assistant and told her he was taking half a day .
tr	NNS	He 'd used up his reserves to send the woman to Talon .
tr	NNS	She heard two soft pops as Max dispatched the others , and she turned to continue along the path without another word .
tr	NN	We can call this one a success . "
tr	NN	" Yes the damn kidnappers gave us the exact coordinates of where we 're headed .
tr	NN	She held out a silken cloth in a brilliant green with gold designs .
tr	NN	~ Nearly half an hour later the two of them exited the cafe and started walking down the sidewalk , going nowhere in particular .
tr	NN	The thief shoved the knight with all his strength .
tr	NNS	Josef patted his pockets and shrugged .
tr	NNS	I wrote the lies of my farewell with two fingers .
tr	NN	He spread a rumor around town that I was terrified of them . "
tr	NN	" I can give you the raw data .
tr	NNS	Clayton felt the hairs on the back of his neck rise .
tr	NN	She held up a shiny cylinder , with wires dangling from it .
tr	NN	Maybe killing animals could assuage the urge .
tr	NNS	The gold had healed his insides , made him whole , but the rings still remained within his flesh .
tr	NN	" Drink your cocoa .
tr	NN	I was having an epiphany of a sort , sitting outside a bar facing a crowded , polluted , noisy street in Rome .
tr	NNS	Lara signed the contracts the following morning .
tr	NNS	That ' child , ' and I use the word loosely , is terrorizing your younger students . "
tr	NNS	The long lines at Lourdes always include scientists .
tr	NN	Byron kissed her temple .
tr	NNS	He checked the pockets .
tr	NNS	I skimmed the rafters .
tr	NN	They heard the wagon before they saw it , making Tiberius cringe at its lack of stealth .
tr	NN	It took all my willpower not to draw my rattan and swing around .
tr	NNS	He pulls back the covers and grips my hips to slide me further up the bed .
tr	NN	Christine caught a glimpse of the horrid butler as they passed through the doors and into the foyer .
tr	NNS	An hour later , Julian and Camille were finishing dessert dishes of chocolate mousse and fresh strawberries .
tr	NNS	" We should have taken our chances at the Redoubt with the others ! "
tr	NNS	Melissa thumped her palms against the steering wheel .
tr	NNS	I had my priorities straight .
tr	NN	I twist open my lid .
tr	NN	Banking left , she spotted a single sailboat far below .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't look appeased by that .
tr	NN	He wore a pretty intensive scowl .
tr	NN	Brick 's tone pushed moral mockery .
tr	NNS	But she and Peter did have conflicting desires .
tr	NN	Ashley pulls out some pressed powder and applies it to her face .
tr	NN	I should have been kicking John 's handprint , but it was too high .
tr	NNS	I made uncivilized noises and finished it up .
tr	NNS	and Iona heard his harried footfalls as he ran back to the table .
tr	NN	I touched the blossom to my nose , but smelled nothing .
tr	NNS	When we entered the store , we went opposite directions .
tr	NN	Pitch the wad of paper away ? "
tr	NN	Even without the lights on , she could see the curl of his lip .
tr	NN	" I got a card from Dawn Smith , " Adele lifted the postcard so Denise could see .
tr	NNS	He had sisters , and though he refused to think about them having sex , he still knew how nice girls thought .
tr	NN	She tapped a short fingernail , devoid of polish , against her chin .
tr	NNS	I give everyone hugs and read all the little notes .
tr	NN	He swung the rifle up , thumbed it into full automatic , and fired from the hip .
tr	NN	Rory gripped the strand of power running through her and tugged hard .
tr	NNS	Rock put the pages back in the box and shut the cover .
tr	NN	Jason studied his goal ahead .
tr	NN	" She doesn 't know the meaning of right and wrong , Zane .
tr	NNS	So who had called the shots before Yeager Awakened ?
tr	NNS	In fact , she flattened her palms on him and spread her fingers , touching as much of his biceps as she could .
tr	NN	" He is holding a fashion festival at his mansion . "
tr	NN	She held the document without looking at it .
tr	NN	Finn gave an overly elaborate flourish with his hand , indicating his own greatness , before propping his elbow up on the counter .
tr	NN	" Why the attitude ?
tr	NN	Outside the bedroom 's window the moon made its final descent as the remaining butter pecan ice cream melted in the bowl .
tr	NN	Because I assure you I already have one of those , " I pulled the cloth away to look at him .
tr	NNS	I mean butts . "
tr	NN	" You alright cowboy ? "
tr	NNS	She returned his attentions in a friendly way , but you definitely couldn 't call it flirting .
tr	NN	I won 't get you involved in this crap , no matter how hard you push , beg , glare , or otherwise . "
tr	NNS	" Because my father took out credit cards in my name . "
tr	NN	" I applaud your gesture .
tr	NN	Celestino did not hear the prayer .
tr	NN	They heard the blast . "
tr	NN	Beyond it , she caught a glimpse of the living room , complete with a large screen TV mounted on the wall .
tr	NNS	Frowning , she washed her dishes and went upstairs .
tr	NN	Without hesitation , she gave chase .
tr	NNS	Finally , growing tired of playing games with Logan , I throw my covers off and go in search of him .
tr	NNS	Please accept my apologies for not returning to your area sooner .
tr	NN	She took the pizza from him and found her voice again .
tr	NNS	They had exchanged numbers on that fateful night before I woke up with him in my bed .
tr	NN	He could almost see her nipple .
tr	NN	Without Martin 's interference , he very well might have gotten a dishonorable discharge .
tr	NN	But I bury the urge and zip up my knee-high boot , then get to my feet , reaching for my bag .
tr	NNS	Well aware of his tendency to work too hard and too long , he was taking measures to prevent that .
tr	NN	" If you have immortality , why do you need divine protection ? "
tr	NN	" So we got nothin ' , like I said .
tr	NN	I get the impression he 's settled down . "
tr	NN	More and more they argued philosophy at these meetings .
tr	NN	Biting my tongue , I held back a growl as he focused intently on me .
tr	NN	Then I picked up a bouquet of daisies before I went to the beach .
tr	NN	I remembered the statue .
tr	NNS	You need some bodyguards . "
tr	NN	" And we still need a keyboard player .
tr	NN	He folded the sketch and put it in his pocket .
tr	NNS	I had my mental powers that I 'd been practicing and three knives .
tr	NN	Callum 's skin started prickling again , even so far as stinging and he felt his blood start to heat as the transformation started .
tr	NNS	I took a few quick bites , barely tasting it even though it was my favorite .
tr	NN	I memorized the coordinates before we left .
tr	NN	So which persona was really her ?
tr	NN	And you 'll have your own condo ? "
tr	NNS	Live ammo in weapons on campus is violating more Federal regulations than you can shake a stick at .
tr	NNS	He pulled the tapes from his jacket pocket .
tr	NN	It had created a precipice , layered just like an archaeology dig .
tr	NN	He complemented the barmaid , and she in turn told Flint of his thanks .
tr	NNS	" I know spells that could turn your ears inside out . "
tr	NNS	" You need the antibiotics . "
tr	NNS	However , it docked the Empire 's naval ships today .
tr	NN	He brushed a curl from her face .
tr	NNS	She may be releasing more , or less , hormones .
tr	NN	I clicked the pen and shoved it into my coat pocket .
tr	NN	She too realized the close resemblance to the portrait in the locket .
tr	NN	Now he had a thirst for travel , where to next .
tr	NN	" How would you know such a plant on seeing it ? "
tr	NNS	Would you have any spare apples in the pantry ? "
tr	NN	But instead of making a personal reference , Bill said , " You had a visitor last night who cares very deeply . "
tr	NNS	Telling lies and spreading rumors about your employer . "
tr	NNS	In fact , he and Vera would often take long walks together .
tr	NNS	I too enter the hearts of men .
tr	NN	Her expressive blue eyes reflected the same hunger that filled him and her porcelain cheeks wore the blush of intense passion .
tr	NNS	" San Francisco has no bad areas in 2066 ? "
tr	NNS	The ride had sown doubts in his mind .
tr	NNS	She was stamping her talons up and down in excitement , her head bobbing this way and that .
tr	NN	He made an exaggerated gesture .
tr	NNS	Sharp rocks abraded her palms and scratched at her jeans .
tr	NNS	If I get one phone call about unfair treatment , I 'll automatically deduct thirty-five points off your final grade .
tr	NNS	I draw back the covers and step out of the bed .
tr	NNS	' What if she falls backwards ? '
tr	NN	Camila tossed the napkin away .
tr	NN	Alexia grinned , it must be admitted , a tad more ferociously than genteel y. " Watch out ! "
tr	NN	Even here , she carried the despised fragrance with her .
tr	NNS	But I don 't think fear counts as an illness .
tr	NNS	She touched the dangling sapphires at her ear .
tr	NNS	She had her blinds removed and replaced with sheer curtains that let the sunshine in , breathing life into the plants perched on stands .
tr	NNS	Far in the distance , he saw corridors like this one .
tr	NN	She felt an overwhelming urge to explain , but she resisted .
tr	NNS	He had brought Mama and Jesus similar coats for a trip to the mountains .
tr	NNS	Plus they 'd need some supplies .
tr	NNS	" Cats can predict earthquakes ? "
tr	NN	" I caught a glimpse of it .
tr	NN	" She wouldn 't shove a hot new outfit all the way to the back .
tr	NN	Holding an unfamiliar toy .
tr	NNS	He tossed the covers aside and raised his knees .
tr	NNS	He trusted the workers at the palace , but Cora 's reappearance could not yet be shared .
tr	NN	Rick sends another bolt flying at the walkers , their numbers quickly depleting before us .
tr	NN	She needed a lab ? "
tr	NN	Jason tugged her vest , pointing her downstream .
tr	NN	He could feel the utter exhaustion that radiated from her .
tr	NN	No guy has ever given me jewelry before .
tr	NNS	We pooled our credit cards together and bought your passage on the cruise ship .
tr	NNS	She made adjustments to the colors of the image .
tr	NNS	" He has powers you can only dream of .
tr	NN	Have you made an assessment ? "
tr	NNS	" Where did they get the supplies from ? "
tr	NN	As such , it would constitute an ethical violation .
tr	NNS	And I tend the dogs .
tr	NN	I turned the ignition and pulled out of Manor Road as quickly as possible .
tr	NNS	" Don 't tell lies , Ember Rose .
tr	NNS	Our breaths formed clouds in the air , and I walked beside her , closest to the street , her hand in mine .
tr	NN	So we picked option four .
tr	NNS	She 'd only had three beers .
tr	NN	Anyway , I do my feeding in the rocker , so I went on in , unbuttoned , unhooked , and plugged in ; simple as that .
tr	NNS	Beth followed Tess through the doorway .
tr	NN	I have faith in you .
tr	NN	Start the damn motorcycle . "
tr	NN	No one liked clean-up duty .
tr	NNS	" How grateful you were that your old neighbor was letting you borrow the bikes .
tr	NN	" Hmm , and now I have blackmail material .
tr	NNS	One shake confirms my fears .
tr	NNS	But listen , I 'd just given the bastard five thousand dollars .
tr	NN	He added cream and sugar and took his first sip of coffee .
tr	NN	But right now I have a peace offering . "
tr	NNS	Slowly , Kurt turned the pages of his guidebook .
tr	NNS	She 'd thrown enough youths into the Dark Priestess 's lair .
tr	NN	Ryland slipped over the porch railing , dropped silently onto the decking , and rolled away from the edge to give Ian room to follow .
tr	NN	" Cross my heart , word of honor , stick a needle ... " He grimaced .
tr	NNS	" You can put yourselves up in here if you like . "
tr	NNS	We have seven hundred dollars .
tr	NNS	She tucked the covers in around me , just like Grandma Morgan used to do .
tr	NNS	Byron dragged her slacks down , stripping away her lace panties .
tr	NNS	I detached 28 panels from the solar farm and dragged them to the rover .
tr	NN	I was afraid that one day , he 'd go past frenetic painting and drunken antics .
tr	NNS	" I 've worked enough missions with Mercer to know how his mind works .
tr	NNS	They 've exchanged their numbers , and the guy has even dropped some messages on her pager , but Silver hasn 't replied then .
tr	NN	" You explorers have been gone seventeen millennia , so long that none thought you had survived . "
tr	NNS	We traced Martial Knight 's movements around the metropolis over the last sixty days .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods that mortals can 't see Minky .
tr	NN	When he did , she got the impression that he 'd had to summon the will to look away from the lamp .
tr	NNS	She hardly makes any movements .
tr	NN	Have a symbolic itty-bitty weenie roast for Cliff ? "
tr	NNS	Reached for switches and buttons , exchanged hand signals with the crew chief as he tested each system .
tr	NN	" Go get them , " he told the president of the United States .
tr	NN	He had the reputation of being a perfectionist .
tr	NNS	Immediately , he saw two envelopes on the table .
tr	NN	He mentally passed the buck , and thought about which weapon to use .
tr	NN	At the same moment , he found his release , his hips grinding in a circular motion , his big body trembling , shaking around hers .
tr	NNS	The lights above them flickered dangerously .
tr	NNS	I had the powers of a necromancer , and the bloodlines of shape shifters .
tr	NN	" I want this mating .
tr	NNS	Then the jury consultants from both sides took their positions in the cramped seats between the railing and the counsel tables .
tr	NN	" He had some skills Warden . "
tr	NN	A chill ran up John 's spine .
tr	NNS	I 'm putting five bucks on Megan and I need to get this cake frosted before she sees it . "
tr	NN	Wow , she had an effect on men .
tr	NN	" Get me the file .
tr	NNS	I felt dizzy again , but fought to stay conscious .
tr	NN	Without his actions , you 'd never have your Bride . "
tr	NN	How the hell do you destroy an assault rifle anyway ?
tr	NN	I bit back the urge to scream .
tr	NN	I snatched a banana from the fruit bowl , then headed for the front door .
tr	NN	He needed another demonstration to reinforce his point .
tr	NNS	Janet made little movements from time to time , but she didn 't appear to be exactly conscious .
tr	NNS	We offered ber two chocolate biscuits and the other twin immediately came running .
tr	NN	They had no electricity , no car or truck .
tr	NNS	Anybody have any doubts ?
tr	NNS	" I don 't have those numbers nationwide . "
tr	NN	His warm silken voice inspired dark imagination and a voracious longing for something I couldn 't yet imagine but so desperately wanted .
tr	NNS	If anything major happened , we 'd alert all leaders .
tr	NN	His prolonged lack of consciousness bothered her immensely .
tr	NN	Who wants a video ? "
tr	NN	Behind her , long white strands covered the landing and the stairwell .
tr	NN	Ruby felt a mounting urge to escape ; she knew it was a survival instinct .
tr	NNS	His scent is assaulting my senses .
tr	NNS	They , immediately , turned their canoes over and tried to swim away .
tr	NN	The evening is growing dark alarmingly fast , but his numerous concerns do not include the availability of light .
tr	NN	" We have a mutual acquaintance .
tr	NNS	" I have issues . "
tr	NNS	Bring him aboard . "
tr	NNS	Those who had tried it had , indeed , developed frighteningly powerful psychic abilities .
tr	NNS	Still another shelf held several hardback contemporary novels written by Stella Raven .
tr	NNS	The average house there cost at least five million dollars .
tr	NN	I mean ... a toaster . "
tr	NNS	Seeing her brother at the end of her bed , she crawled over the covers and circled her arms around him .
tr	NNS	" Families want sons to carry on the family name .
tr	NNS	Being completely desiccated , this particular shit didn 't have bacteria in it anymore , but it still had complex proteins and would serve as useful manure .
tr	NNS	" Sounds easy enough , except I don 't really have any police contacts . "
tr	NN	Did the government even have an obligation to pay pensions to people who now felt they lived in a different country ?
tr	NN	" Only you , Mason , would draw the diamond , of all the things you needed to do this ? "
tr	NN	So , there you go kitten . "
tr	NNS	" Le archives de patients ? "
tr	NN	" What the devil were you doing bending over me ?
tr	NNS	I laid my palms gently on either side of his face , feeling like the biggest klutz ever .
tr	NN	Before he reached us , Adam bit my earlobe .
tr	NNS	Looks like God has answered our prayers .
tr	NN	The whole Middle East owes you a debt . "
tr	NNS	Four forty-five in the morning and wide awake , Julia pulled the cards together again and shuffled .
tr	NNS	" I bought his excuses , his blame , for four months .
tr	NNS	In elementary school and junior high , Dad would give me rides whenever I needed , but I often used the school bus .
tr	NNS	He grinned slyly and turned back to the TV .
tr	NNS	And yeah , your eyes could use some saline drops . "
tr	NNS	They have connections in all the countries and they needed to do this to empower themselves . "
tr	NN	What he 's doing has the potential to develop into a lot more . "
tr	NN	Pierce nodded his comprehension , not wishing to interrupt Cleaver 's opening .
tr	NN	" That word obviously has no meaning to you . "
tr	NNS	To never ever ever see the Bell twins ever again .
tr	NNS	" Remember , " his sister said , " Mary Jo has some real trust issues .
tr	NNS	She had no illusions that she was some amazing sex bomb .
tr	NN	Only a pile of concrete blocks filled the vault .
tr	NN	" Why did he choose those twelve ? "
tr	NNS	Lily jumped back several paces at first , then moved back to him .
tr	NNS	Trees canopied the yards .
tr	NN	" Beyond the observable universe ?
tr	NNS	My aunt came nearer again .
tr	NN	Though it was two hours before high tide , waves were worrying the seaweed and invading the rock pools .
tr	NN	Holly put down the wet towel .
tr	NNS	" Take deep breaths .
tr	NN	They provided protection from national enemies and aided governments during times of war .
tr	NN	With his free hand , he reached down and dumped the tub over , the used water splashing across the floor .
tr	NN	It oozes honey and butter , rivulets of the creamy frosting joining the honey in the pit of my hand .
tr	NNS	He stepped forward two paces and stood still .
tr	NN	Since money is limited , I think quality over quantity .
tr	NNS	It won 't stop the nightmares ; only you can put an end to them . "
tr	NNS	I rescued the mushrooms in time and added the spinach that Grace pushed into my hands .
tr	NNS	You 've spent centuries ignoring your emotions , pretending you don 't care .
tr	NNS	She would have missed his sudden stillness if she hadn 't been looking directly at him .
tr	NNS	Her dreams no longer involved Hobbs suits and holidays to the Maldives .
tr	NN	" Who spotted the airship ? "
tr	NN	The thirty members had each sent a delegation with three members .
tr	NNS	She loved hot dogs .
tr	NN	They couldn 't possibly stand comparison .
tr	NN	" Forget the cavalry . "
tr	NNS	The Templars left their helmets and shields and separated cautiously , walking to opposite sides of town with the intent of meeting at the church .
tr	NNS	Below her dozens of TDF officers monitor systems and controls for the ship , sending a muddle of voices up to her ears .
tr	NNS	It struck inches away from Fallon 's head .
tr	NN	They have a bigger department and might be in a position to do more for you . "
tr	NN	So I unraveled the braid , combing it out with my fingers , until my hair fell in waves around my shoulders .
tr	NNS	They hate mermaids and Jacen thought that it might have been tailing you . "
tr	NN	Known as the Impaler , he 'd had a fondness for having people skewered on long stakes , an excruciating death that often took days .
tr	NNS	They picked the same sites that developers today want .
tr	NN	Unless ... Aria bit her pinkie nail .
tr	NN	" Or so says the liquor . "
tr	NNS	It 's got his dirty fingerprints all over it .
tr	NN	I feel a pang of regret , but can 't help that the edges of my lips involuntarily curve upward at the thrilling memory .
tr	NN	After he passed one over to her , he set a napkin on the countertop and placed two limes on it .
tr	NN	" You enjoy your pasta and let Mr. Happy wallow in his vanilla wonderland . "
tr	NN	I couldn 't produce a diamond when I was made of shit .
tr	NN	Mom grabbed the skillet .
tr	NNS	But of course , when they had met on the night before they left London , Fitzwilliam must have given the items to Dean .
tr	NN	He gave Derek a momentary , questioning glare .
tr	NNS	She 's got fleas ! '
tr	NNS	He unlocked all security measures on the laptop and activated his wireless Internet card .
tr	NN	Only its rotting gables make the structure at all recognizable , since the rest of it is cloaked by the tentacles of swamp plants .
tr	NNS	Jackson had considered both possible outcomes , thinking of this very decision all night .
tr	NNS	We need data on their methods for human genetic engineering . "
tr	NN	She has her own magazine .
tr	NN	Those who created and managed the library feared the collection falling into unenlightened hands .
tr	NNS	" You keeping tabs on me , Gran ? "
tr	NN	But he showed respect to no others , not even his Keeper .
tr	NN	Chloe turned twenty-five at the end of April , and Becky , along with Matthew , through her a surprise party .
tr	NNS	/ will remove her tendons , one at a time , using the Power to heal her so that she lives to experience the pain .
tr	NN	Keeping his inner barriers tightly shielded , he sent a delicate psychic probe eastward .
tr	NNS	We possess certain skills and abilities that regular people don 't .
tr	NN	Holding the necklace in her palm , Rema fingered the heart-shaped red ruby diamond and the cylindrical shaft of solid gold .
tr	NN	The officials sent us some equipment so we could more efficiently survey the land .
tr	NN	" I don 't have the constitution .
tr	NNS	If you trample the flowers , then you receive zero points .
tr	NN	Stepping toward Todd , the beefy investigator caught the bat in his palm before the swing had reached full momentum .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't mixed up her blood samples with Jacques ' because she had been so tired .
tr	NNS	The owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights , title and interest in and to that Product Identity .
tr	NNS	Later in the day , the teachers bring the students in groups of five to the gondola ride .
tr	NNS	He had enough troubles without inventing new ones .
tr	NN	" But , to be honest , I doubt their imagination could reach such a tremendous extent .
tr	NNS	He nudged her thighs farther apart so that he could brush his fingers over her wet cleft and stare in wonderment of her body .
tr	NNS	" Why did you call all the servants away from mother ?
tr	NN	He took possession of Skyler 's lifeless body .
tr	NNS	I don 't see any surveillance or security systems around the door .
tr	NNS	" You ... " She made some futile attempts to free herself , but then gave up .
tr	NN	I grabbed a towel out of my trunk and a tank top and pajama bottoms out of my dresser .
tr	NN	Give me some damn credit .
tr	NNS	I quickly took off the old Cali plates and put the news ones on , already feeling the heat of the morning sun beating down on me .
tr	NN	" Papa , you just had a stroke .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have the talents I had ; she was using her speed , her claws and her will to slice into them .
tr	NN	Nick grabbed a rifle off of the racks , turned away from Jimmy , and aimed it .
tr	NN	Can I have another slice of pie ? "
tr	NN	When the sun burnt heavily , it just spreads his wing over the lands to shield us from the heat .
tr	NNS	I didn 't hear any complaints from you about our kiss .
tr	NN	I took the ribbon from my hair and exchanged it for a simple tie .
tr	NN	Spencer grabbed a napkin from the stack .
tr	NN	I gave her a playful shove , but I couldn 't wait to show Owen what we had bought .
tr	NNS	It contains two needles , one for Tobias and one for me .
tr	NNS	I want the best students at QT to help me validate the tests and make sure we 're on the right track .
tr	NN	It had taken all the paint we had left to finish the rear of the house the day before .
tr	NN	During her teen years , she abandoned the Christian faith altogether .
tr	NNS	" I 've got posh cups for visitors . "
tr	NN	She had spun the argument out to its absurd conclusion .
tr	NNS	The two friends ate their sandwiches and watched the flurry of activity that was a constant in Bath during the summer months .
tr	NN	" I have ascertained the vibration rate of all the materials of which their war engines whose remains we have collected together are composed .
tr	NNS	He pretty much held all the cards in his hand at the moment .
tr	NN	After I nearly decapitated him while digging for a ha ' penny in my bag , Dylan liberated the umbrella from my clumsy grip .
tr	NN	Julian gave my leg another pat .
tr	NNS	She sprayed some crumbs on me as she chewed eagerly .
tr	NNS	Through the dim light filling the halls , I saw long corridors to my left and right .
tr	NNS	Andrea brushed her thumbs over the wounds and closed her eyes , reaching for her healing magic .
tr	NN	Willard licked the chocolate off his fingers and stared at the door .
tr	NN	Nodding he understood , Pierce gingerly turned the knob .
tr	NNS	I checked his credentials .
tr	NN	I grabbed a dry towel , wrapped it around me , and opened the door .
tr	NN	Did you note any insignia or numbers ? "
tr	NNS	" My god has powers beyond your understanding , witch lover .
tr	NN	I pulled a black shrug out of the closet and buttoned it over the neckline of the dress .
tr	NN	Only moments later , Hagar received stark proof of how wise he had been tactically when he withdrew to the only available cover .
tr	NNS	It sank talons of anguish into hers .
tr	NNS	Her blacksmith made the crossbows that our archers now carry . "
tr	NNS	After tea a baked sweet dusted with sugar , he used the toilets out behind the establishment , then tried to decide what to do .
tr	NNS	I clutched the little ties on the gown , unable to look up .
tr	NNS	Even in the dim light he could see the blank emptiness in the men 's eyes .
tr	NN	* * * Adrien hardly recognized the sensation in his body , but he finally defined it as an unqualified ease .
tr	NNS	She felt nauseous but she couldn 't turn away .
tr	NN	Becky felt the colour drain from her face .
tr	NNS	He tucked the reins under the pommel and let the pony graze while he flopped down next to her .
tr	NN	I removed the gag .
tr	NN	A prickling sensation suddenly travels up my spine .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths , loving the smell of the island air , which was divine , even mixed with jet fumes .
tr	NNS	She was gaining inches and he needed to act .
tr	NNS	They have propaganda experts working round the clock to convince people that fracking is dangerous .
tr	NN	I already had the bad reputation .
tr	NNS	Consider your homework assignments as practice for the real world . "
tr	NN	The electrical discharges suddenly increase and strike the dragon relentlessly causing flashes and loud thunderous cracks that reverberate around the surrounding buildings .
tr	NNS	Night blooming jasmine filled his senses and he leaned closer , seeking the softness of her skin .
tr	NN	He lifted the tape so that she could bend and go under it .
tr	NN	" She 's picked up a knot in the last hour .
tr	NN	" I 'm not eating an alligator .
tr	NNS	Play your cards just right and you might get to her on time . "
tr	NN	" The words don 't do justice to what I feel for her . "
tr	NN	In a large bowl , beat butter and sugar until combined .
tr	NNS	A wind whipped up the fires .
tr	NNS	" You have no doubts , I trust ? "
tr	NNS	When they were both seated inside the control booth , Maryanne withdrew two typed pages from her bag .
tr	NN	Klara 's scientific background and Meyer 's father 's belief in socialism had removed any faith in the Jewish , or any other religion .
tr	NN	I could hear the clicking of the armor , but I couldn 't focus on it .
tr	NN	You know my favorite theater used to stand between the Atlas Park and the Steel Canyon section .
tr	NN	" Next time , " she said in a husky whisper , " steal a cravat with less starch . "
tr	NNS	We 've got gold , rare finds . "
tr	NNS	Fresh flowers by the bed wafted sweet scents and an idea his way .
tr	NNS	" Seven hundred dollars .
tr	NN	Next he crossed the small atrium leading to the buildings of the College of Cardinals , where the ecclesiastical chambers were situated .
tr	NNS	He could hardly believe his own actions .
tr	NN	Still , walking along the cobbled street , he felt unrest surging inside him .
tr	NNS	No one else got the oranges , just me .
tr	NN	" It does credit to them , and credit to their class , that you should feel that way .
tr	NN	Give me a sec to strangle my sister , and I 'll be back . "
tr	NNS	The jaw spanned fifteen inches .
tr	NNS	The Veal family has rights to visit the grave of their Grandfather . "
tr	NN	Tyler handed her a soda and grabbed a beer for himself .
tr	NNS	With that , she dumped the ingredients on the steel counter and gently nudged Darcy through the door .
tr	NN	Huw found a pencil and wrote on the back of John 's letter .
tr	NNS	Loosen the ties , holding me in spot , but still not freeing me .
tr	NNS	Struck women dropped backwards , merely collapsed or fell bent over the balustrade .
tr	NNS	Verity poured two cups and handed one to Jonas .
tr	NNS	He indicated two stools that had been positioned next to the bed , close to the head of it .
tr	NNS	" While I 'd like to stay in bed all day , I have meetings .
tr	NNS	Emma shudders as his hands cup her breasts as he lays her down and begins to press his lips against her nipples alternatively .
tr	NNS	My wolf snapped her jaws in agreement .
tr	NNS	- Mom , I have two babies and a kindergarten child !
tr	NNS	The farmer 's eldest daughter halved two apples and granted a half to each of the guests .
tr	NNS	And they leave behind them all sorts of refuse .
tr	NNS	I put my fangs to his throat , enjoying the fear radiating off him .
tr	NNS	Steve put four dollars into the meter , buying himself two hours .
tr	NNS	She could even feel the roughness of his hair , the strong , heavy beat of his heart pulsing beneath her fingers .
tr	NN	Well , there goes that acquaintance !
tr	NNS	He checked both suits for signs of damage , and his face burned when he found a tear in his own , around the right elbow .
tr	NNS	The soldiers swiftly took up positions on the streets , or charged inside .
tr	NNS	" I had my doubts . "
tr	NNS	I wiped my sweaty palms on my jeans .
tr	NN	He had complete faith in all the teams , but it didn 't mean he didn 't worry .
tr	NNS	Reid followed a few paces behind .
tr	NN	" You heard my speech , " she stated dryly , " now what ? "
tr	NN	Grace rushed past Valerie , unlocked the door , and ran out in the hall with Valerie calling her name .
tr	NN	Outside , she could hear the steady patter of what sounded like a waterfall , or at least running water .
tr	NNS	He had no more leads to follow .
tr	NN	He grabbed a napkin and wadded it up in frustration .
tr	NN	His body filled the frame .
tr	NN	I poured some juice and sat beside him with my glass .
tr	NNS	Sorry Macey we don 't have any drugs to put in the other side . "
tr	NNS	I even missed the pitted plains .
tr	NN	" I haven 't even given you his resume yet .
tr	NN	Huw lit the candle again and they lay still for a while watching the light flickering across the walls of the tower .
tr	NN	Most of the enemy ships that were hit simply stopped functioning and were left drifting in space .
tr	NNS	Edward took a few deep breaths to calm himself .
tr	NNS	The first words out of his mouth confirmed her fears .
tr	NNS	" Cami , " she said breathlessly , " somebody sent me a dozen white roses . "
tr	NN	What mode of transportation do you think is best ? "
tr	NN	He took a mouthful of the holy water and sprayed a fine mist upon the afflicted man 's chest with a single breath .
tr	NN	He didn 't have his tranquilizer pistol .
tr	NNS	I remembered his mood swings , his bad temper .
tr	NNS	I had obviously misinterpreted his reactions to things .
tr	NNS	Zooming in , he snapped three good shots of the chatting machine gunners before moving on .
tr	NNS	Tate withdrew his fangs and frowned at me .
tr	NNS	Check out the ruins .
tr	NN	On the willow stump to his head the raven put his beak under the cover of its wing to sleep .
tr	NNS	" What have you girls gotten yourselves into ? "
tr	NNS	" You have been telling me lies , Sir Horace . "
tr	NN	Crap timing , in a few areas . "
tr	NNS	You two can stay and enjoy yourselves .
tr	NN	And what the fuck was he doing ?
tr	NN	" And to think , " said the butler , " that in six months time you shall be all of ten years old .
tr	NNS	" You mean big butts or no butts ?
tr	NN	She gripped the receiver , which she 'd hung on to , tight in her hand .
tr	NNS	" Ruby Harris had twins . "
tr	NNS	" You 're holding all the cards here and blackmailing me . "
tr	NNS	We 'd used those same signals during the War of the Gods .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take her both weekends . "
tr	NN	You gathered splendor and eminence unto yourself , bedecked with every precious jewel , anointed with the greatest honors .
tr	NNS	We ran two long blocks , past huge houses , heading east .
tr	NNS	She found broken energy fragments on the picture frame .
tr	NN	The aroma made Eva 's stomach growl .
tr	NN	" I 'll get my laundry basket . "
tr	NN	Have a swing . "
tr	NN	Closing his eyes , he pictured her creamy brown cunt , begging for his cock .
tr	NN	He took her salute in stride .
tr	NNS	He renewed his efforts , calling her at all hours , striving to keep her from sleep .
tr	NN	I tucked a toe into the stirrup and swung up into the saddle of mine as Sam held onto the reins .
tr	NN	She finished her chopping and tossed the ingredients into the eggs on the stove .
tr	NNS	No one apart from Silas liked the dark tracks through the Forest that surrounded the castle .
tr	NN	Quick and in readiness , the man lashed out a snake whip and jerked it abruptly toward him .
tr	NNS	They covered their noses and peered in .
tr	NNS	They made trips to Los Angeles together but sometimes Jed would go alone when he needed time away from Justin .
tr	NNS	But take no chances , understand .
tr	NN	Skyler gave a weakened glare and went back to spinning his coffee cup .
tr	NN	Maksim wouldn 't leave the most important document of his life exposed to the elements . "
tr	NNS	For the first time since she 'd met him she heard his breaths even out and Neil fell asleep .
tr	NNS	The negotiations involve several meetings with tribal , government , and Terrorist leaders .
tr	NN	" With Rosa anything has the potential of being evil .
tr	NNS	The Assembly just sets policies and rates the inns , kind of like a cosmic Triple A .
tr	NNS	We have some fine psychiatric facilities right here in California . "
tr	NNS	" As a favor to your queen , I will make the necessary arrangements for you . "
tr	NN	As a noble I have a responsibility to keep the people on our holdings safe .
tr	NN	The last came out a growl , and she winced when he gripped her arms so tightly they throbbed .
tr	NNS	Suddenly she had butterflies as she paused and looked Nathan straight in the eye .
tr	NNS	Instead of getting over David 's death , he was going backwards .
tr	NN	The drops from her pale yellow jumper quickly formed a puddle at her feet .
tr	NN	Lohse put his pen in his pocket .
tr	NNS	" I could be having twins . "
tr	NNS	" I wasn 't dealing drugs out the kitchen door .
tr	NN	" Good God a ' mighty ! "
tr	NNS	" You choose your own dates . "
tr	NNS	Andra took deep breaths , trying to calm herself enough to think straight .
tr	NN	I felt the colour drain from my face .
tr	NNS	Every morning , more and more ladies found excuses to be walking through the gardens just after dawn .
tr	NN	Chapter 5 Bo felt the music soak into him , resonating through the strings into his fingers .
tr	NN	I felt feverish as we kissed and I felt suddenly bereft when she pulled away from me with a reluctant look .
tr	NNS	There were heaped up scrolls just beyond him .
tr	NNS	" Well ... describe your physical reactions . "
tr	NNS	At the store , we wandered the candy aisles , brainstorming ridiculous ways to say yes .
tr	NN	They 'd been following their package for perhaps ten minutes , having picked him up back at the turn-off a couple of miles back .
tr	NNS	But , I would never entertain any serious notions of a future with him .
tr	NN	She leaned her hip against the bed 's mattress , unable to move from her daughter to get into the bed as Cameron had ordered her to .
tr	NNS	He quickly scouted his surroundings as the bell tolled again and again .
tr	NN	A twitch ran down his spine .
tr	NNS	If you die , I don 't have the skills to save Orchid on my own , " Maria said , her voice still blank and unemotional .
tr	NNS	I shove the spray cans in my backpack and run .
tr	NN	Around dinnertime I order pizza and then Tristan and I sit back down on the couch in the living room and eat while we continue to talk .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , we have a very limited quantity of spirit users to work with .
tr	NN	He could no more resist their plea than he could tell his heart to stop beating .
tr	NN	She 'd barely fought back the urge to yell .
tr	NNS	He heard her soft , quiet responses .
tr	NN	He stiffened his spine and moved aside , putting a small amount of distance between them .
tr	NN	But never let harm come to Jake .
tr	NN	She picked up the basket of eggs , put her arm through Amy 's and led her back to the house .
tr	NNS	" Vincent owes me a hundred bucks . "
tr	NNS	" Any objections ? "
tr	NNS	" Collect samples of all the creatures on board .
tr	NNS	The volume of the basketball game drowned out her soft footfalls .
tr	NNS	They have faced dangers that were grave and horrible .
tr	NN	Flora had made an appointment to speak to Sir Bentley at the same time .
tr	NNS	Whoever this stranger was , he had killed two birds with the same stone .
tr	NNS	" You only have three hundred dollars ?
tr	NNS	Peter and June left the wizards in the dining room .
tr	NNS	Her report gave me more specifics on the situation here , but the big picture wasn 't much different from what Roland had described .
tr	NN	Lord Quinn halted his pacing , stopping directly behind the chair that Roshan sat in .
tr	NNS	I had taken some classes and learned to edit the dictation coming out of the electronic medical record systems .
tr	NNS	He stroked his thumbs over her cheeks .
tr	NNS	More telling , I found shots of Curtis Farrell half nak * d with a girl who probably wasn 't even eighteen .
tr	NN	At twelve on the dot , the team vaulted over the railing and walked over towards the car .
tr	NN	I checked my gauntlet .
tr	NN	A jagged tear raced up the trunk , cracking as it tore up it .
tr	NNS	Save my ships ! '
tr	NN	she slapped her thigh .
tr	NN	She had the sudden urge for a shower , a hot and cold water therapy always did her muscles justice when it was aching .
tr	NN	I dropped the canister in the snow and lifted up my mask for a better view .
tr	NNS	" We get two raft trips this summer . "
tr	NNS	If they couldn 't be kept outside or relocated , she could see cans of bug spray in the immediate future .
tr	NNS	Unlike regular college games , the community college games didn 't net too many spectators .
tr	NN	I grabbed the archive , my reader , and headed into my bedroom .
tr	NN	I really should have covered the speaker when I said that .
tr	NNS	She put her palms against the edge of the counter and leaned back .
tr	NN	He let out another groan .
tr	NNS	His breath stirred the tiny hairs on her neck and sent shivers of desire running through her .
tr	NN	Fortunately for Mary , she had a CD collection of real Christmas music to put one in the holiday spirit .
tr	NN	Did the sound of her voice evoke an echo in his memory ?
tr	NNS	Iona sped her strokes , her tongue busy on his chest and neck , her teeth latching onto his throat .
tr	NN	" What the hel s was that ? "
tr	NNS	As the glow comes into focus , so does my surroundings .
tr	NN	He sniffles and straightens his spine when he sees me looking at him .
tr	NNS	I can make sandwiches . "
tr	NNS	Once he 'd left , Rebecca addressed her servants .
tr	NN	Instead , standing before me was my Gothic Guy , like a knight of the night .
tr	NNS	" I said , say your prayers bitch , because you 're about to die .
tr	NNS	" You got directions to that Indian casino . "
tr	NN	Now he was facing another potential drain on his financial security .
tr	NN	You ' l take the attorney appointed to you . "
tr	NNS	I made my excuses .
tr	NN	Five drops his Chest on the ground and unlocks it .
tr	NN	In conclusion , I pointed the laser to the nearest warehouse indicated on the map , projected on the front wall of the mess .
tr	NN	I felt my palm clench , frustrated that yet again , I was being denied answers .
tr	NN	I can feel your torment ; I sympathize greatly . "
tr	NN	She had never met her uncle , but was informed he would be displaying in the station reception area a piece of card with her name on .
tr	NN	My kiss traveled the valley of her chest , and I took the opposite breast in my mouth .
tr	NN	All summer she 'd used her bicycle for transportation and it 'd worked out great .
tr	NNS	Forget birds $ $ $ and Fantasia Rupees !
tr	NN	Staring pensively out the coach window , Marcus barely registered the bustle of the London streets or the calls of vendors to sample their wares .
tr	NNS	She has abilities , a mental link to me .
tr	NNS	Fourteen The next morning , I whipped off the covers as soon as Dad left .
tr	NN	You take the responsibility of the world on your shoulders .
tr	NN	Her orgasm , instant , fierce and completely unexpected , forced a moan from her as she shuddered with her pleasure .
tr	NNS	We might have escaped those horrible robots . "
tr	NN	" Don 't make an ' I 'm only human ' speech , if you were going to !
tr	NNS	" I can 't sense the changes fast enough .
tr	NN	He steered the craft , the monstrous fan in back powering them over the murky surface .
tr	NNS	Well , he had satisfied the terms .
tr	NN	I stumbled up the staircase which seemed to go on forever and eventually made it to our room , sorry ' my ' room .
tr	NNS	I didn 't need any magic crystal balls to know that was true .
tr	NN	Although I doubt they 'd get a conviction against Clay , even if they tried him . "
tr	NN	She suddenly snapped her whip out to full length and shrieked , " I 'll show you what this helpless , little girl can do ! "
tr	NN	Waves of energy from thousands of pulse shield activations ripple through space .
tr	NNS	I contemplated lip gloss , but quickly disregarded it .
tr	NN	Double clicking , he opened the file .
tr	NNS	" He could teach classes in romance .
tr	NNS	I even downed at least five cups of coffee during the final hours of the party .
tr	NNS	" Look , honey , why don 't you just take a few deep breaths and relax ? "
tr	NN	Ally hacked ally to gushing limbs .
tr	NN	The pleasure that she had taken with Darling as she 'd killed the Maker had left an itch , nothing more .
tr	NNS	This frank altitude astonished observers , and led to bizarre customs .
tr	NNS	Elise felt dizzy and overwhelmed .
tr	NNS	And , of course , I 'll have a few special assignments for you . "
tr	NN	I can still benefit the brotherhood . "
tr	NNS	His thumb was sending butterflies winging through her stomach .
tr	NNS	By rights he should have ripped their hearts out .
tr	NNS	" You write erotic romance novels .
tr	NN	Vaughn knelt down in front of me , and as close as we were , I could see the resemblance now .
tr	NN	I could feel the mortification on my face and I wanted to turn back and apologize to him and take his arm .
tr	NNS	I know your strengths .
tr	NN	She picked up her fork again .
tr	NNS	Soon he 'd have millions to choose from .
tr	NN	You want your organisation to last for centuries ?
tr	NNS	I wasn 't using excuses to see her .
tr	NN	We pretty much have proof that somebody somewhere , either on the ground or on the ships , is passing information to the pirates . "
tr	NNS	After all the centuries of aching for a child of her own , the Destroyer at long last had her desires granted .
tr	NNS	Nick waited a few breaths before peering over the top of the car .
tr	NN	He felt a tremble in the fuselage of the bomber .
tr	NN	" I swear continued allegiance to the principality and to its prince . "
tr	NNS	Tell Conrad my troubles .
tr	NNS	" Norman , if you pull that cable you 'll set off the explosives .
tr	NNS	" You have some pals with experience ? "
tr	NNS	One tree sends out twenty million seeds .
tr	NN	came a shout from within .
tr	NNS	Jack collected their dirty plates and brought them to the dishwasher .
tr	NN	Suddenly she needed oxygen .
tr	NN	For reply , the captain seized the whip from its socket by the driver 's seat and lashed his horses forward , yelling , " Go !
tr	NN	Calla switched the candle from her left hand to her right .
tr	NN	She was wearing a green velvet grown made by Charlie 's most favourite new English designer known only as " Gregory " ( with the quotes ) .
tr	NN	He felt a deep tenderness emanating from her , almost throbbing in soft waves .
tr	NNS	No one can give up their powers . "
tr	NN	He kissed her temple and she turned in his arms .
tr	NN	" Well , they do prefer the smaller , more intimate clubs , but who would have ever thought they would play here ? "
tr	NN	Uncle Henry has no patience for someone as deliberately nasty as Sig . "
tr	NN	She opened the top drawer and grabbed the flat iron .
tr	NNS	" Because each show would cost an additional four hundred dollars . "
tr	NNS	" I will destroy the gods for this .
tr	NNS	At first the instructor positioned all the students along the bar .
tr	NNS	Her spirit walked the halls and corridors .
tr	NN	I saw his mouth twitch in a little smile .
tr	NNS	She compared the twins .
tr	NN	He pulled the menu out of her hand and placed their order .
tr	NNS	Reaching up , she raked her fingernails across the soft scabs on her throat , ripping them away .
tr	NN	He has a gray beard and mustache .
tr	NN	" You didn 't redo the south tower . "
tr	NNS	Perhaps you can attend conferences much like Ms. Carter did . "
tr	NNS	The two locks on the door have different mechanisms , so I scour the keychain for possible candidates .
tr	NNS	Sometimes she made the backgrounds whimsical settings , sometimes more dramatic .
tr	NN	Her own family had been forced off the farm .
tr	NNS	" Here you go -- ten reasonable requests .
tr	NNS	Jed had visions of claiming an elephant gun or a rhinoceros this year .
tr	NNS	He slowly sank his fangs into her wrist , and her body tensed as the pain grew worse .
tr	NN	She could smell the peanut butter aroma coming from inside and heard the loud voices of kids breezing down the hallways .
tr	NN	And Dare had a hunch she wasn 't supposed to .
tr	NNS	He stepped a few paces backward and tapped his foot firmly on the ground .
tr	NNS	" Do you have their numbers ?
tr	NN	Sakura saw no other option once they were left alone .
tr	NN	The party securing the sentenced men to their wooden stakes completed their task , each avoiding the eyes of their comrades who were about to die .
tr	NN	Gaspar took a long rope and put it at the bottom of the tube and brought the rope at some distance from it .
tr	NNS	She 's certainly done wonders with this dusty old place .
tr	NNS	If Richard had been right about the meeting going well , talking to Vincent could sabotage our efforts rather than help .
tr	NN	I started a little collection , nicking some gold and silver and jewels where I could .
tr	NN	He 'd overseen the castle 's restoration and fought in the vast forest surrounding it when he 'd been as fragile as any mortal man .
tr	NNS	She poured two cups , and grabbed a box of cake doughnuts , when they sat down she resumed .
tr	NNS	I heard noises , the door was wide open , so I walked in .
tr	NNS	Please accept my humblest apologies .
tr	NN	He could feel her resistance .
tr	NN	Quickly , I lift the hem of my brown , wool gown and slip a knife from my boot .
tr	NNS	Quinlan pursed his lips slightly , jotting something down in his notebook , then flipped back a few pages to look something up .
tr	NNS	Besides , Jerry and the Poodle were exercising conjugal rights every night .
tr	NN	She was picking up her handbag when Antonio said , " Tom Duncan . "
tr	NN	Face it , Zack , the cub has more intelligence than you and your father combined . "
tr	NN	But then Liz dropped her backpack .
tr	NNS	They would take daily walks together and talk about life as if nothing had happened .
tr	NNS	We made several trips back and forth to the store because none of us had decorations to put up .
tr	NN	asked the puzzled waitress as she passed by .
tr	NNS	He 'd never gotten so many mixed signals in his life .
tr	NN	His body could feel the ecstasy of the combination of her feeding and the heated velvet of her feminine sheath .
tr	NNS	He cleared their plates from the table and walked away .
tr	NN	Most of them couldn 't have grown a good beard if they 'd wanted to .
tr	NN	I wanted his advice , but I also wanted to warn him .
tr	NN	No one saw nothin ' ? "
tr	NNS	I 've got some errands to run before Christmas . "
tr	NN	" In fact , let 's have a dozen packed up to take with us on the honeymoon . "
tr	NNS	Though he said he was fine and they were both back in normal clothes , she had her doubts .
tr	NN	One hand never left her hip , while the other hand flipped her glistening hair over her shoulder .
tr	NN	To avoid that , I climbed a high dune and scanned the beach ahead .
tr	NN	But they had a new last-minute addition . "
tr	NN	Her mind did another U-turn and she remembered her and Lucas 's time together .
tr	NNS	We are checking ports as well .
tr	NNS	Raphael put ties around the left leg of his creating blue stripes .
tr	NN	He takes off his glasses self-consciously and drops them to the table .
tr	NN	He had given the sex slave speech to countless women .
tr	NNS	Jones paced the confines of the small hotel room overlooking the restaurant , anxiously wringing her hands .
tr	NN	More than anything I wanted the reception to be over ; I wanted to not be center of attention anymore .
tr	NN	I receive no such reception .
tr	NNS	" I don 't need doctors and stitches .
tr	NN	Not one of those women could handle John 's girth .
tr	NNS	It takes audacious methods indeed to explore beyond that pattern .
tr	NNS	That didn 't stop the raids .
tr	NNS	Alanna untied the complicated tapes that held her gown to her body and let it fall in one piece .
tr	NNS	It stood the hairs of his arms on end .
tr	NNS	Going the construction area , they had seen figures ascending stairs .
tr	NN	The producers cut Arthur 's speech and had the cameras cut away to Elton John .
tr	NNS	Stone walked into the middle of the street , two dozen yards from Clint .
tr	NN	Both men took two steps at a time , their hands gripping the banister to pul themselves along with each leap .
tr	NN	Brenna wore a long-sleeved white blouse and a bright yellow skirt .
tr	NNS	She now has bodyguards of her own . "
tr	NNS	Inside the rounded leading edge of the plane the pilots conducted flight operations from the space-age cockpit .
tr	NNS	In fact , his exact expression sent all sorts of wriggling sensations through her stomach , and they made Henrietta grin for some reason .
tr	NNS	We have sufficient funds and resources to last a long time and the odds that these areas will be hit by the virus are slim .
tr	NNS	Unusual , since most of the staff here wore lab coats or scrubs .
tr	NNS	I make excuses for my weakness .
tr	NN	I hold no allegiance to them .
tr	NN	Now I need a personal assistant , and a vacation . "
tr	NN	Briefly , Steven felt the resentment that sometimes comes with living in a small town .
tr	NN	Lucien had only sensed his willingness to turn traitor .
tr	NN	I still get a lump in my throat when I talk about it .
tr	NNS	Holiday eyed the stacks of bills .
tr	NNS	He stopped six inches from my face .
tr	NNS	" Why can 't you just shoot balls of fire ?
tr	NNS	He made some sandwiches .
tr	NN	Well , new men get rough treatment the world over .
tr	NNS	" That makes those dishes nearly 200 years old . "
tr	NNS	She grabbed my biceps immediately to steady herself , and my hands slipped to her waist to catch her ... not completely on purpose .
tr	NN	" But it took only the proof of looking into your eyes for me to know I was wrong .
tr	NN	It 'll even identify the language if you type in a few words . "
tr	NN	' If we go now we could take the cart and be there by tomorrow afternoon .
tr	NN	James turned the knob slowly , so as not to get too much attention .
tr	NN	He checked the monitor again .
tr	NN	As soon as Amjad was out of earshot , strolling nonchalantly to the door , Kamal gave a heavy exhalation .
tr	NN	" Could you come here a sec ? "
tr	NNS	They had some valid points , in a way .
tr	NNS	We had gone down several tunnels and a few stairways , each one seeming smaller and more remote than the last .
tr	NNS	" Give me a few more beers and I 'll be ready for a good barroom brawl . "
tr	NNS	" And I want a million dollars .
tr	NN	" I was thinking a wolf pup .
tr	NNS	" No bodyguards or other unauthorized guests . "
tr	NN	We blew the net apart . "
tr	NN	While he waited for Chad , Jack called the legal aid clinic , all the while chanting in his head .
tr	NN	Henry put the cap back on the water bottle and set it down on the table .
tr	NNS	To date T I Wade has written thirteen novels .
tr	NN	End of the day , she couldn 't stand the sensation of hands confining her .
tr	NNS	Pivoting , she laid her palms against his broad shoulders and pressed him back against the overstuffed chaise lounge .
tr	NN	I ate the banana quickly and then took a long shower , probably using up all of the hot water .
tr	NN	Her mother had resumed her sewing by the time Abbey reemerged from the bedroom , but she had turned the television off .
tr	NN	" Unfortunately , I did not put enough faith in my Essence and allowed Blake to maintain control . "
tr	NNS	They place the candles carefully in the general shape of a man .
tr	NN	Had they just found an informant ?
tr	NNS	Jennifer also stopped her efforts with an expression of relief on her face .
tr	NN	The concern on his face dissipated , sheer ferocity slamming down in its place .
tr	NN	He patted my backside as I slid in .
tr	NNS	" Bella , love , " he said in his softest tone , walking toward me with exaggerated slowness , his hands held up , palms forward .
tr	NN	This she did , and felt the strength go out of her as the healing took effect .
tr	NNS	" Both three and five are prime , " Rall commented slyly .
tr	NN	I said nobody in this district dresses like that . "
tr	NNS	" You 've seen my references and résumé , but these are harder copies . "
tr	NN	Dawkins fastened a flat rope around Terminator behind his front legs .
tr	NN	No doubt our daughter would inherit your delicacy and charm and go on to be the Queen of damsels . "
tr	NNS	I can still feel the emptiness beneath me , and it is like the emptiness inside me , like a mouth about to swallow me .
tr	NNS	Over the past 80 years they have spent billions on marketing campaigns aimed at demonizing a plant .
tr	NN	" Necessary , " repeated the elder Queen .
tr	NNS	" Who had great tits ? "
tr	NN	The grenade reached the yellow bubble but the blast appeared to be somehow absorbed .
tr	NNS	She raked her fingernails down his back and gripped his muscular behind in her desperation to have him inside her .
tr	NN	She gave my hand a squeeze .
tr	NN	I 'm caught up , turned around Inside out , and upside down Just to know you , honey .
tr	NNS	" Mr. I got four lap dances while I told you I was bowling last night . "
tr	NN	She a scary old witch , but she 's harmless . "
tr	NN	He has Zeus 's lightning bolt .
tr	NN	The crews loaded up the remaining cargo from the raid and headed out to their ships .
tr	NNS	Styx snapped his fangs toward his companion .
tr	NNS	" Some humans can see ghosts .
tr	NNS	" I 'm teaching all my classes online this semester anyway . "
tr	NNS	The two Shifters removed helmets and walked to the office side by side .
tr	NNS	Sometimes you have powers inside of you , which let you mange a situation even if you don 't believe in it .
tr	NN	The spell took effect just as the spider was about to strike , and to his relief it disappeared .
tr	NNS	I can attend the meetings ? "
tr	NN	It complimented his vanity .
tr	NNS	" While the conversation is positively stimulating , I 've got other patients to see .
tr	NN	That never quiets my hunger .
tr	NNS	" You have other ties now , Initiate .
tr	NN	Louisa felt a reluctant respect for this woman , this mere human .
tr	NN	Because only in truth can one find real joy .
tr	NNS	He refused meals on Saturday and Sunday , spending most of his time alone in his room or outside walking .
tr	NNS	Amanda dropped two lumps of sugar into her tea .
tr	NN	She didn 't give her allegiance easily , but when she did , she gave it wholly .
tr	NNS	Victor and Ziggy nodded their greetings .
tr	NNS	She felt dizzy , as if in a dream .
tr	NN	Simon was showing Clive the coat closet .
tr	NNS	The realization ripped the last clinging clouds of sleep from his mind .
tr	NN	I returned the favor as well as I could .
tr	NN	" I haven 't had pizza in months .
tr	NNS	" They scour the heavens and listen to the breathing of stars through their giant telescopes looking for this source . "
tr	NNS	His fingers eased up a few more inches , pushing away that towel .
tr	NN	Later that week , the Post ran a short article about the soup company , and another flurry of activity commenced .
tr	NN	She felt a cool mist flow over her as if she was standing right under an oceanic waterfall in the Caribbean .
tr	NN	He printed a document and handed it to me .
tr	NN	Get your butt in gear and get us out of here . "
tr	NNS	He patted his pockets for a pen .
tr	NN	It completed the impression .
tr	NN	" It can 't do that much harm . "
tr	NN	She held her sword wearily in one hand and looked as if she were ready to drop from exhaustion .
tr	NN	I pick up a handful of bubbles and blow them at him , just to prove my point .
tr	NNS	Circling the blocks like a vulture .
tr	NN	Kimbra turned up the gain .
tr	NNS	We now have unconfirmed reports that the island has been purchased and designed for the sole purpose of containing tigers .
tr	NN	You 've cracked the code , so to speak ? '
tr	NN	He had a sunny personality and loved to listen to me prattle on about this and that .
tr	NN	My father had replaced the hay that had been burned because of Andrew causing the fire .
tr	NNS	If you have the chance , you 'll use your powers unnecessarily and hurt someone and I 'll have to diffuse the situation . "
tr	NN	Even though she kept her back turned , I still got quite a glimpse .
tr	NNS	They inhibit the chemicals in your brain that allow access to your powers .
tr	NNS	Laura set up interviews with several gentlemen , and I picked the two who seemed most desperate .
tr	NN	NO IT 'S NOT , said Death desperately .
tr	NNS	Pulses of hatred lashed his senses , striving to subvert his will .
tr	NN	She waved aside his discomfort .
tr	NN	" A wife cannot hear logic from her husband .
tr	NNS	A moment later he held his sword inches from the Baron 's chest .
tr	NNS	Her nails had left marks in his palm .
tr	NNS	I never wanted these powers , these souls .
tr	NNS	Immediately upon landing the chopper the pilot shut down all systems and addressed McCreary .
tr	NN	Zhao described his height and strength , the red-and-white hair , and the viciousness that was hidden behind the calm exterior .
tr	NN	Gunnar took the scroll and broke the seal .
tr	NN	You don 't deserve my advice . "
tr	NNS	Raw pain pierced his insides , and his eyes slid shut once more .
tr	NN	He dipped the left wing , angling around a jutting mountain .
tr	NN	A flurry of rocks entered the cockpit .
tr	NN	Maria dropped the magazine on the table .
tr	NN	Dad asks the technician .
tr	NN	The two dogs were wrapped around each other in sleep , Jill 's softly rounded belly triggering another wave of panic for Owen .
tr	NN	Don 't you notice the disturbance , Luke ?
tr	NNS	I called all the hospitals in the area , feeling all the while that the sheriff should be doing this little job for me .
tr	NN	She felt a sudden pang of heartache .
tr	NNS	The waking and sleeping cycles colliding , my brain aware that it 's dreaming but not yet ready to wake up , sleep hallucinations walking through reality .
tr	NN	Just as I 'm thinking things have shifted for the better , two creatures come up the hill toward us .
tr	NN	She ran a weave along his other sleeve .
tr	NNS	I could have as many cats as I wanted and prove to Ben , once and for all , what wonderful animals they were .
tr	NNS	One , the soldier who had killed her father , held Marmot 's reins , and was calmly tying them off to a low tree branch .
tr	NNS	" You were dreaming about us " his voice drops , " Being together . "
tr	NNS	We have several forms already drawn up that you can read over .
tr	NN	Did she admit the defeat to both of their hopes ?
tr	NN	I don 't usually put that much responsibility on the interns . "
tr	NNS	Forget the floors , the curtains , the photographs in the hall that don 't have my face in them .
tr	NN	I choose the latter .
tr	NN	He quickly rolled the condom on before plunging inside of her with one sure stroke .
tr	NNS	Their landing threw up clouds of dust and pollen that had lain undisturbed for years .
tr	NNS	I make no apologies for my need to stop Whitney .
tr	NNS	It had wheels that spun .
tr	NNS	The tech handed sensors from the temporary shield to Alexis .
tr	NNS	They 're giving him intravenous antibiotics , but he 's still unconscious . "
tr	NNS	I have certain areas that I 'm in charge of patrolling .
tr	NNS	More than anything else I don 't like crowds .
tr	NNS	Behind me , the shriek of a demon pierced the deserted halls of the hospital .
tr	NN	" I want my mommy ! "
tr	NN	Ned loved ice cream , and dipped his spoon in for a generous bite .
tr	NNS	Jeremy recognized two members of Julie 's new telepathic network seated in the room .
tr	NN	He could hear the cacophony of jazz , rock , and laughter mixing in the cool winter winds .
tr	NN	She certainly wouldn 't let her unhealthy attraction loose under any other circumstances .
tr	NNS	" Mathias has been killing innocents and wreaking havoc since . "
tr	NN	Tiny shivers raced up and down my spine , creating goose bumps that scattered over my scalp and caused my eyes to flutter closed .
tr	NN	He cut the twine with a steak knife and carefully pulled off the paper with his frayed fingernails .
tr	NNS	Just give me the basics of how to work the damn thing . "
tr	NNS	We twirl over and over both her fingernails scratching my face .
tr	NN	He opened the refrigerator and slowly pulled out every container in there .
tr	NNS	I could go and explore the roads that my parents would always pass by .
tr	NNS	Like all good and intelligent women , she could feel the vibes in a man .
tr	NNS	The entire brood was hanging ornaments and tinsel .
tr	NN	" I appreciate your willingness , but ... are you sure ?
tr	NNS	" But you have manufactured androids , haven 't you ? "
tr	NNS	" Two million dollars in donations so far , probably more . "
tr	NNS	That will probably mean smaller numbers .
tr	NNS	Here the huge cliff face sloped backwards , and the path like a snake wound to and fro across it .
tr	NNS	People threw wadded napkins and plastic straws on the stage .
tr	NNS	American Judaism takes many forms : Reform , Conservative , Orthodox .
tr	NNS	And while you 're at it , wrangle up Alyssa 's reports on her mission . "
tr	NNS	But he tolerated sorcerers well enough .
tr	NNS	He could ask directions , but that wouldn 't be too smart if he was trying to escape .
tr	NNS	The rest all had ski coats or vests ; some had rainbow patterns , while others had country yokes and pearl buttons .
tr	NN	She tossed the powder at him and the water took on a verdant cast .
tr	NN	" Yes , I understand the physics of your crude analogies . "
tr	NN	I had the foresight to throw on some loose athletic shorts before I headed into the courtyard .
tr	NN	Nothing like a rake who 's seen the error of his ways to excite a puritan .
tr	NNS	Tenchi grew up speaking Japanese and swearing like a sailor , a strange combination .
tr	NNS	" I only hit the clubs once or twice a month .
tr	NN	She saw Rashid stiffen slightly , but then he relaxed and looked at his parents curiously .
tr	NN	I drove the Cadillac onto 116 , a lonely stretch of highway that shot through the wilderness between Woodside and Bristol .
tr	NNS	Every face in the room reflected the heaviness of the matter .
tr	NNS	When she returned she had had nightmares about the ' insect people . '
tr	NN	Even you have seen them , " a third man took up the argument .
tr	NNS	She kicked off the covers .
tr	NNS	Miranda jerked her palms from beneath the bird .
tr	NNS	On his shoes he wore fine gold buckles .
tr	NN	Does he have a big belly ? "
tr	NNS	I 've seen your mad skills . "
tr	NN	No matter his ability , no matter how diligently he conserved his vigor , Darian should have perished millennia ago .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the wheels to roll off but she held me there .
tr	NN	They were currently out getting pizza for dinner that night .
tr	NN	" Get your bag honey , and let 's go home . "
tr	NNS	He couldn 't pull off the mannerisms though . "
tr	NN	She wanted an echo of her enthusiasm , but I couldn 't muster it .
tr	NNS	One let two players hunt dinosaurs together .
tr	NN	The worse thing that could happen would be telegraphing my uncle and then waiting for some money to be wired to me .
tr	NN	I frantically pulled the hospital gown from my body but found nothing there .
tr	NNS	That brought hungry mouths , none eager to return to their farms , even after they were given food .
tr	NN	Clara held the skunk and chided Edward , while Amber and Gabrielle surrounded Mike and Jason , demanding answers and introductions .
tr	NN	Pete held a candle in hand and frowned deeply .
tr	NNS	You 've read our reports . '
tr	NN	He 'd also had no shortage of willing participants .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't I just watch the jump sites around that time for a few minutes just before Katherine 's scheduled arrival ?
tr	NNS	" Mine has bats . "
tr	NN	" Just a little rearranging . "
tr	NNS	I sent two pairs of scouts down the trail , but no word has come back yet .
tr	NNS	Never question her actions .
tr	NN	During this time , they double checked his passport and visa for entering Lebanon .
tr	NN	I looked at Cruz and asked him with my thoughts , how long has the waiter been waiting for me to move ?
tr	NN	She has little respect and trust for anybody else , and for good reason .
tr	NNS	" Any requests on the kind of car ? "
tr	NN	" Give me a sec .
tr	NN	At that moment , she realized her intent with him and was surprised by how strong her will was in this .
tr	NN	Fear momentarily replaced my hunger .
tr	NNS	I have meetings in the afternoon , but I could meet you afterwards . "
tr	NN	" Don 't call me a dinosaur .
tr	NNS	He found random references to L. J. Dennys , naturalist and environmentalist , all over the place .
tr	NN	I test my own patience in a half hour .
tr	NN	And , by have his way , in the total innocent , make out version .
tr	NN	He raised the soda and took a gulp then took another chunk out of the burger .
tr	NN	By the time the boy stood trial the anger of the father had eased and the verdict was less severe .
tr	NN	Still taste the salty sweetness of her body on his hungry tongue .
tr	NN	The thought sent a knot deep into his belly .
tr	NNS	" Release the blades . "
tr	NN	I found some antiseptic liquid among the scanty medical supplies on a shelf , cleaned the cut and bandaged it .
tr	NN	I got the impression you depend a lot on your brother . "
tr	NN	Unfortunately , chemotherapy and radiation play havoc with the reproductive system .
tr	NNS	" No matter how it looks , I have my doubts about the serial killer theory . "
tr	NN	Although some might consider it a sin to cover such a magnificent chest with cloth .
tr	NN	Rachel mounted the white mare smoothly .
tr	NN	Her arm made a big sweeping gesture around her .
tr	NN	* * * Outdoor lights illuminated the looming , sprawling castle .
tr	NNS	You have seen those great swirling clouds outside ? "
tr	NNS	" You said your prayers ? "
tr	NN	We do not have a supply of enriched uranium on hand to maintain the generator and that puts our planet at risk .
tr	NN	I find some black hair dye and a pair of sunglasses .
tr	NNS	" And what about your ... extracurricular activities ? "
tr	NN	The old man gave a shrug .
tr	NNS	Boone and Delilah noticed small areas along the bank where people would fish .
tr	NN	He then saw for the first time the monstrous dome structure with outer walls of black solar panels .
tr	NNS	My breath makes little white clouds in the car as I breathe .
tr	NNS	Chapter V At some point earlier on , we had discussed a few ideological concepts and even some silly plot lines .
tr	NN	It had taken all his self-control not to leave earlier , so excited was he to tell Finn what he had overheard .
tr	NN	She continued her task , knowing he 'd discover she was there soon enough .
tr	NNS	But they 've spent millions .
tr	NNS	She hit six key points in his throat in less than four seconds .
tr	NNS	You just left the facilities with a cat that wasn 't meant to be adopted .
tr	NNS	Then I heard the shots .
tr	NN	And he had a baseball bat . "
tr	NNS	She brought out steaks and my mouth watered at the smell .
tr	NN	The two both carefully pointed a toe into the water .
tr	NNS	You check out the clubs you might like .
tr	NN	She returned his kiss hungrily even as she melted more firmly into his strong embrace .
tr	NNS	" They just saved our butts .
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers up to her neck and closed her eyes .
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	Right , he had mind reading abilities .
tr	NN	" Then we 'll call it a wrap . "
tr	NN	' But waddling like a duck .
tr	NNS	" You love your sisters too .
tr	NN	" Play your fiddle much ? "
tr	NN	Giovanni took a pink nipple between his teeth and bit down hard enough to make her squirm .
tr	NNS	From the outside it looked dark purple , almost black .
tr	NNS	' You can meet all sorts , out in that alley . ' '
tr	NNS	Scrub brush and brown clumpy grasses as far as the eye could see inhabited this barren patch .
tr	NNS	More and more , Thane actually liked the warrior 's directness .
tr	NN	Jill set her comb on the night table and slid her legs under the Egyptian cotton sheets , her decadent pleasure .
tr	NNS	I have high doubts that it may be true Sir Gaspar . "
tr	NNS	Then he turned my palms up and slowly , gently , traced over my spider rune scars with his thumbs .
tr	NN	" She may have a fractured hip , but let 's wait for the x-ray . "
tr	NNS	You never know , they might have other tricks up their sleeves .
tr	NN	They decide the time frame and program under which such intervention takes place .
tr	NN	" The king ends the scroll by a passage of reference in the Ancestral Book . "
tr	NNS	I 've already made arrangements and sent my double to my Fuhrer bunker in Berlin .
tr	NNS	Slowly she and Adam inched nearer , but it was no use .
tr	NN	The Dell , a deep crater , had a frightful reputation even within the Vale itself .
tr	NNS	The same black ornate candleholders held the same burgundy candles .
tr	NNS	She didn 't see ducks or geese as being much better .
tr	NNS	" When you stopped taking me to your functions and started canceling our dates . "
tr	NNS	" Bring extra rugs into the room , first making sure they are not dusty , and cover the floor .
tr	NNS	Can he still perform holy rites ? "
tr	NNS	We had many complaints from patients who said you were rude .
tr	NN	In keeping with their customs , they make an offering of the bodies to the Dark Mother .
tr	NN	You just shot a cop . "
tr	NN	I want his whole discovery package . "
tr	NN	Okay , before you come back , press her hair down with your hands to make sure it left the impression .
tr	NN	Our tribesmen watched her dash across the glade to seek " concealment " in some bushes ' shade .
tr	NN	" And it only took an earthquake , a flood , and an avalanche to get it . "
tr	NN	So instead , you perfect a method of preserving their essence , what makes them who they really are . "
tr	NN	The operative hadn 't gotten proof of either suspect actually cheating , but she was sure that whatever they were up to wasn 't so innocent .
tr	NN	We 're filing a big lawsuit in a few days .
tr	NNS	He paced out the dimensions of his cell .
tr	NNS	He rubbed the dark marks .
tr	NN	Chapter Six Jemma Tat placed a cupcake with a single lit candle in front of Jemma as she studied for her GED .
tr	NN	I held the cloth on her head even though most of the bleeding had stopped .
tr	NN	It gave an angry gurgle and backed out , eyeing me evilly through the trunks .
tr	NNS	With that Pearl carefully arranged his cards on the side table .
tr	NN	He had a greater respect for her and her relationship with Dominic now that he 'd seen this side of her .
tr	NN	He 'd mentioned his crazy uncle before but I 'd never thought of him before now .
tr	NNS	Pain wells up inside my chest , tightening it nearly to the point of breaking as I relive my selfish actions .
tr	NN	A young woman in a blue silk cloak stood in the road , her face pale , her painted red lips parting in horror .
tr	NNS	I 've sent other PTSD patients to this team before with great success .
tr	NNS	But it had presented several opportunities .
tr	NN	He tapped his pencil while watching the videos for the third time .
tr	NNS	" I 'm copying the runes before you remove them . "
tr	NN	" But by the early centuries of the Christian era , another concept had seized my imagination .
tr	NNS	They 've given me slippers , too , and there are no ties or fasteners that I could use to hurt myself ... or anyone else .
tr	NNS	They shared unique powers , but those powers could never be blended .
tr	NNS	' What record company cards you got ? '
tr	NN	Let us make no mistake , they are targeting our economy , our security , our jobs and our livelihood . "
tr	NNS	And you won 't find any tricks because there weren 't any . "
tr	NN	When David arrived less than fifteen minutes later , he scrounged a trio of Extra Strength Tylenol from a barren kitchen cabinet .
tr	NNS	I scribbled on the registration the basics of what had happened .
tr	NN	I plied the knocker again .
tr	NN	" Miss Mooney never notices anybody with those goggles of hers . "
tr	NN	So , I did my traveling alone , which I didn 't mind so much .
tr	NN	The smell of fear from the other person on the line made my body tremble with pleasure .
tr	NN	I suppressed the vomit rising in my throat and looked at the rest of her .
tr	NN	With all the swiftness and silence they could muster , the boys made a mad dash toward the oak , shovels in hand .
tr	NNS	The quill pen made quiet scratching noises as it flew across the paper , carving black strokes into the dry white paper .
tr	NN	Focusing , the pounding of an anxious heart practically blocks the couple 's argument .
tr	NN	" I have a magical talent for healing injuries .
tr	NN	" How will he find this witch ? "
tr	NN	He finally found Tick 's marker after almost two hours of searching .
tr	NNS	Tell me , do you know the lyrics and dance moves too ?
tr	NNS	I have meetings before and after that . "
tr	NNS	Nolen tucked the cold bands in the folds of his cloak .
tr	NNS	Simon had restricted the students ' movements after our arrival .
tr	NNS	You will have many allies and many enemies , but it is fate that only you will decide which is which .
tr	NNS	He closed the drapes even before he laid her on the bed .
tr	NN	Our research in nanotechnology has had a significant breakthrough , a milestone that can 't be held in the hands of just one man .
tr	NN	" I have chocolate . "
tr	NNS	We weren 't wearing helmets -- and I loved the freedom of it , the feel of the wind blowing through my hair .
tr	NN	Louisa said a silent prayer , asking God to bless her husband and keep him alive .
tr	NNS	Thank God they had their goggles dangling around their necks .
tr	NNS	" I don 't need any skills to come and steal from other gardens .
tr	NN	He did , his mouth lingering hungrily over hers .
tr	NNS	Ari always made perfect arrangements .
tr	NN	I suppressed an urge to shout with glee .
tr	NN	I slipped the archive in the reader .
tr	NN	Bax shook his head but in the glow of his lamp , he noticed the guide rope commence to jitter .
tr	NNS	I expected apologies or cajoling , which I 'd been getting a fair amount of in her many voice mail messages and could nearly recite myself .
tr	NNS	Jared sat next to me , and we began passing around the different dishes , fil ing our plates .
tr	NN	I followed his advice almost to the letter because I was so grateful for what he had done for me .
tr	NN	He whisked the small tea towel off the rising dough .
tr	NNS	He handed Jason the reins to one .
tr	NN	" You give me privacy or I go without . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't you dare question my motives .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes .
tr	NN	He gave a shout and threw his own dagger at Beelzebub , which he dodged with ease .
tr	NN	However , as I approached the door , I felt a strange sensation , like warm breath tickling the back of my neck .
tr	NN	The next morning , Sheridan found a jar of ointment on the nightstand .
tr	NNS	When she had nightmares and pulled herself out of the frights .
tr	NN	I knew the Black Hand well .
tr	NNS	" Won 't you come play cards ? "
tr	NN	He had a definite fondness for the 1800 's Rococo Revival style cabinetmaker .
tr	NN	A minute later , I stopped pacing and stood behind the door .
tr	NNS	The waitress brought two coffees .
tr	NN	She zipped a bolt into a monster 's face , blasting brains out its human head !
tr	NN	She set the remaining canister on the floor next to her and looked at Jon .
tr	NNS	My palm massaged his balls , while I took his girth into my mouth .
tr	NN	I put down my fork in exasperation .
tr	NN	And don 't deny Tara 's involvement .
tr	NNS	He switched off the motors .
tr	NN	Silvio had purchased the toy for me a few weeks ago .
tr	NNS	I just got a little superstitious .
tr	NN	So she would take her daughter 's advice and make a potion .
tr	NN	He tucked his pen behind his ear and tore off the top piece of paper .
tr	NNS	Gary and I bought some steaks for all of us .
tr	NNS	My mom put her palms to the side of my face .
tr	NNS	" Won 't get heavy till later .
tr	NNS	The Superior tells me his terms .
tr	NNS	" None of the other children at nursery have pet bats ! "
tr	NNS	Could you send over several pairs of jeans for Emma ?
tr	NN	Though , if Helen had to guess , she 'd swear he 'd worn a beard at some point in his life .
tr	NN	On the other corner , Tania was also receiving advice .
tr	NN	I swallowed my own discomfort and smiled , nodding .
tr	NNS	She put the dishes in the sink and was about to head towards the bedroom when her phone rang .
tr	NNS	Marc and I got our coats on while the boys moved to other ends of the house .
tr	NNS	Undercover agents don 't steal a million dollars worth of diamonds . "
tr	NN	" Thank Ray 's estate .
tr	NN	Elise got a much warmer reception from all , and many compliments from the women .
tr	NN	When I reach the third door to the right , Ashton grabs my hip and practically shoves me into the spacious room .
tr	NN	Yet she never saw this dragon coming .
tr	NNS	She counted one , two , maybe three smeared and blurry figures standing over her .
tr	NNS	" Don 't worry , " Arnie said encouragingly .
tr	NNS	" Can you enchant my creations ? "
tr	NNS	We merely had skills and weapons unfamiliar to them .
tr	NNS	Dan grabbed some coins from his jeans pocket and selected the same .
tr	NNS	Here a mixed crowd of diners and drinkers occupied booths and a dispenser bar that lined the back of the room .
tr	NN	" I 've got a good success rate . "
tr	NNS	He 'd held amazing abilities .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods you inherited your grandfather 's gift with a tale .
tr	NNS	He considered his chances of carrying out a search in pitch darkness .
tr	NNS	" At the center , we offer parenting classes , continuing education courses and a safe day care for the kids .
tr	NN	He had a well organized clandestine operation that caught illegal salmon only for their caviar which was frozen and sold abroad .
tr	NNS	" You know the tales I used to tell you ?
tr	NNS	" Stop screaming , " I said and sank my fangs into her neck and drank deeply .
tr	NNS	He could download all the data they needed , and when he was done , upload the vicious virus .
tr	NN	In a new suit , he attended today 's reception along with a private nurse she 'd hired for the occasion .
tr	NNS	There , they activated their pressure suits and made ready to enter the underground tunnels .
tr	NN	" Just a minute , I heard a groan from over the hedge ! "
tr	NN	He found all manner of things for me to do outside - mostly unpleasant and involving a great deal of effort and sweat .
tr	NN	Pyotr found her cowering in the train , rocking .
tr	NN	He let out a groan .
tr	NNS	Sam pulled out two stools for us to sit on .
tr	NNS	He 's carrying all these burdens all by himself .
tr	NNS	She made no objections .
tr	NNS	Star looked daggers at the Exalted Mayor .
tr	NNS	As she glanced in her rearview mirror before pulling out into traffic , she noticed two Crows taking off .
tr	NNS	Most people in the merchant class do not know the dances of the upper class -- especially dances done with royalty . "
tr	NNS	When Selene 's ticket was scanned , they would scurry backstage , keeping their presence a secret until she was brought on stage .
tr	NNS	White Witches have special powers of healing .
tr	NNS	One can only obey blindly .
tr	NNS	She felt nauseous , and flashes of the Stricken ran through her mind .
tr	NN	" Thanks , but it could use a little more paint to support the walls .
tr	NNS	" You are wearing the breeches ?
tr	NN	She 's got my damn bird , and now she wants another one .
tr	NNS	I 've wished a thousand times Daddy had at least had the balls and the decency to tell me he 'd invited him .
tr	NN	" How did you find the pup ?
tr	NN	The mirror had a vertical gold frame , and it was taller than me .
tr	NNS	cheered the Youth League members .
tr	NNS	Even the sight or smell of food made her nauseous .
tr	NN	I gave his shoulder a squeeze .
tr	NNS	Kalen pointed out all the facilities , and indicated the cabinet .
tr	NNS	Sammy Cahn had written special lyrics for " My Kind of Town . "
tr	NN	I 've got a condo in Encinitas .
tr	NN	But it would take a battering ram to get into that cottage .
tr	NNS	She ignited all the hidden instincts long buried .
tr	NN	He supplemented a handful of ibuprofen with Tylenol , but it did little to blunt the pain .
tr	NNS	As he approached the exit for D.C. , he passed a bloody deer lying dead by the side of the road .
tr	NNS	The twins were still washing dishes and arguing about some video game .
tr	NNS	Lauren had chosen photographs from the box for most of the openings .
tr	NNS	He eyes the pockets of my pants while he keeps licking his lips .
tr	NNS	Now brace yourselves , my pets .
tr	NN	People saw the uniform , not you .
tr	NNS	" How we got these powers ?
tr	NN	" Maybe I should get some cake to go with my coffee ? "
tr	NNS	I am here representing the business interests of Global Enterprises .
tr	NN	Judge hadn 't experience joy in his life for decades .
tr	NNS	I sprinkle bits of dry red hot peppers into each drink .
tr	NNS	He worked long strokes up and down my swollen lips until I was a shuddering mess , before switching to quick circular flicks on my clit .
tr	NNS	' We 've identified three other access points into the facility ; here , here and here .
tr	NN	" The blood tests now are so accurate , they can detect a pregnancy only days after conception .
tr	NN	Miranda put down her fork and tried the small portion of linguini .
tr	NN	What is ' grabbing a burger at the Hard Rock ' supposed to mean ? "
tr	NN	I have some coke if you like . "
tr	NN	I catch a glimpse of the proprietor behind a rack of roadmaps .
tr	NN	So I ate my waffle and drank my juice and didn 't say a word about what Zach and I had overheard in my mother 's office .
tr	NNS	Rolling my eyes , I back tracked a few paces .
tr	NN	He often regained consciousness to find himself in unfamiliar surroundings .
tr	NNS	" Caesar raided your lands , too ? "
tr	NN	Paul was in a horrible shape , he needed immediate medical treatment .
tr	NNS	The conversation had already highlighted the dramatic changes in all their lives .
tr	NNS	We will also review published and self-published novels , in both print and digital editions .
tr	NNS	They ate deer , lamb , rabbit , and cow .
tr	NNS	" I got business cards , a form , a flyer and the back part of the same catalog .
tr	NN	She is currently editing a forthcoming collection of Australian Indigenous writing and completing a Media degree at Macquarie University .
tr	NN	He owes me a favor .
tr	NNS	Zoe has been attending children 's classes most of her life .
tr	NN	I should 've probably followed the warlock to make sure he was a good boy and fixed the town .
tr	NNS	" I have errands to run and ... I 'm supposed to be to my parent 's for lunch . "
tr	NN	Prior to that , Whitney had targeted the senator for assassination using Saber .
tr	NNS	She will find other families to help .
tr	NNS	Once we reached the double doors , we encountered a few more sentries , but the bulk of the forces were engaged elsewhere .
tr	NN	The salt has lost its flavor . "
tr	NNS	It took all his wits not to inadvertently grip the flask at his side so he clamped his hands together behind his back .
tr	NNS	" And no , he never made any offers to me . "
tr	NN	My apparent willingness to fight him had the desired effect .
tr	NN	And this scares the crap out of me .
tr	NNS	I pushed the thick flaps aside and was greeted by a burst of enveloping warmth and flickering light .
tr	NNS	Where white marble was before , thick bright green grass now filled the halls .
tr	NNS	We don 't really get Vampires from the other groups coming to us and pledging their allegiance , but it 's not unheard of .
tr	NNS	I wiped her juices from my lips , fighting the urge to lick my fingers .
tr	NNS	" Something is obviously killing dogs in your territory .
tr	NN	He held the doorknob aloft in his hand .
tr	NNS	Bandits recently ransacked our stores and we have little enough to see us through the winter .
tr	NN	I should have given him another derisive snort .
tr	NN	He patted her thigh and stood up to make his way through the crowd to the bar .
tr	NNS	Billie took some deep calming breaths .
tr	NN	By the time she made it to the elevator he was dictating a memo .
tr	NNS	Oh God , she hated bats .
tr	NNS	An ancient earthquake might well have caused the cliffs he 'd just climbed , and the gully into which the bridge had fallen .
tr	NNS	They removed nine tiles altogether , placing them off to the side .
tr	NNS	* * * Sam " Think you 'll let her have your babies ? "
tr	NN	It is a young one , thought the dragon , but none the worse for that .
tr	NNS	" I can 't build strong ties here .
tr	NNS	I 've had three deliveries this morning , all without a hitch .
tr	NNS	They then make millions , avoiding UK tax as they go , for comparatively low investment . '
tr	NNS	That tells pointless and stupid jokes ?
tr	NN	You will learn respect , or it will be forced on you .
tr	NN	" Oh the humanity . "
tr	NN	Your work demonstrates potential , but it 's nothing phenomenal . "
tr	NNS	" Take deep breaths . "
tr	NN	Sasha grabbed Ivy 's carrier while Rose reached for the diaper bag .
tr	NN	I 'm giving a presentation . "
tr	NN	" You have the gown you were wearing yesterday .
tr	NNS	" Jameson does the chores .
tr	NN	Darcy made a dash for the shelter of the car , managing to splatter her boots with mud in the process .
tr	NN	" Nora has never shot a pistol before .
tr	NNS	Before all of those who crossed the mountains were assembled , those of the Forest brought back reports of scouts from the East .
tr	NN	You used my grief to solve your problem , and it almost worked .
tr	NN	" As is our custom , " Russell said , " the pack will celebrate this union with a hunt as soon as the moon rises .
tr	NN	" I , um , we ... " I swallowed the stumbled confession that rose in my throat .
tr	NN	You just don 't have enough patience . "
tr	NN	Strange as it may seem coming from me , I have faith in you . "
tr	NNS	He methodically killed all her arguments , one by one , until nothing was left but their charitable giving .
tr	NN	Carol turned slowly , her eyes grazing the surrounding landscape before landing on her daughter .
tr	NN	" Anyone who won 't respect you doesn 't deserve your respect either .
tr	NN	Quarles spun the combination dial and pulled the safe door to one side .
tr	NNS	Iona stretched her other senses without opening her eyes , not wanting to alert whoever had attacked her that she was awake again .
tr	NN	Give your family a new venue to heal .
tr	NN	I didn 't see the harm in her knowing that and it will help explain how I know Shay if they ever meet .
tr	NNS	Inking cherry blossoms across her shoulders .
tr	NNS	" Push the pedals , Sir Horace .
tr	NNS	Peter made cute babies , and she wouldn 't change them for the world .
tr	NN	The creature scrubbed its butt on the floor , anchoring the stream , and moved away as the secretions hardened into pale web .
tr	NN	I heard a sickening snap and his body slackened .
tr	NNS	As she disappeared back into her house , the others moved their front wheels back and forth , keeping their heads down .
tr	NN	" What discriminant function ? "
tr	NNS	We have our doubts as to whether Sara Workman is still alive since they 're threatening the cousins , now . "
tr	NN	The carer put a dab of jam into the porridge and mixed it .
tr	NN	But you did earn the distinction of making the largest single item disappear in the Bead 's history .
tr	NN	They still call her Seven , but everyone else calls her Six .
tr	NNS	Hated sleeping , always brought nightmares , or weird dreams .
tr	NNS	Snipers peppered the frantic crowds .
tr	NN	Laughing and enjoying Rose 's discomfort .
tr	NNS	Pink belted out her moody lyrics , and people swung their h * ps to the beat .
tr	NN	He took the headband and put it on .
tr	NNS	I see metal birds in the sky with people in them .
tr	NN	I broke the clasp .
tr	NN	From his expression , March has some inkling what I intend ; but he doesn 't protest , just follows me in silence .
tr	NN	She didn 't doubt the sincerity of his answer .
tr	NNS	" From your lips to God 's ear , " Ruth said fervently .
tr	NN	I put another menu at the adjacent place .
tr	NN	Jake heard a low growl behind him .
tr	NN	Serena returns the salute , extending her own hand toward his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Men , both Danish and Welsh , lined the battlements leading to the upper storey of the gatehouse .
tr	NNS	Your confused look arouses suspicions .
tr	NNS	How to divide everything in half , especially the indivisible things like houses and cars and hearts .
tr	NNS	March apparently served two tours with them before starting his own company .
tr	NN	I catch a glimpse of the canopied bed with gold tassels within .
tr	NNS	I give you full marks for cleverness , but you do not defeat our brother by becoming more and more like him . "
tr	NN	He read the article again .
tr	NNS	Even as he ran , Pete could hear Julie 's wails behind him .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , " he rasped , sputtered out a few drops of blood then lay still .
tr	NN	I graze my knuckles over her cheek , marveling at how soft her skin is .
tr	NN	Returning the expertise will speed up our recovery .
tr	NNS	With a resigned grin , Mitch made his excuses and wandered away , looking for easier prey .
tr	NN	Only his forked tongue gave away his alien status .
tr	NNS	The insistent smell of blood raises the hairs on my arms .
tr	NNS	" Earth has many odd customs , not least of which are your marriage traditions .
tr	NN	The Syndicate then passed that debt down to me .
tr	NNS	On the edges of the area , Nova noticed several figures in heaping costumes that watched over the children .
tr	NN	For all I know , she helps the mechanic with repairs between the nuzzling and softly whispered words .
tr	NN	" The wand will know its owner .
tr	NNS	We 'd formed secret clubs , constructed rickety tree houses , and smoked our first cigarette here on a deserted baseball diamond one winter night .
tr	NN	Where we live They take no pity - Nor can you and I .
tr	NN	He swallowed the lump in his throat .
tr	NNS	" Well , enough to think he 's uncovered millions of dollars worth of fraud and theft . "
tr	NNS	Several music stands held pages of sheet music .
tr	NN	You made a personal realisation , Anna .
tr	NN	He had broken the chunk into several smaller rocks , each about the size of his fist .
tr	NNS	They found all the supplies they sought and lost no team members .
tr	NNS	Tony 's voice broke the stillness .
tr	NN	I should have used paint instead of marker .
tr	NNS	The noise ricocheted off the metal lockers and rang in my ears and in my brain .
tr	NN	' You hate technology that much ? '
tr	NNS	" We didn 't draw runes on your car . "
tr	NN	The eucalyptus tree dangling above us releases its soothing fragrance into the night air .
tr	NNS	He tossed the wires over the barbed wire fence at the rear of the place and out into the high weeds .
tr	NNS	He has purposeful movements and just tried to bite me .
tr	NNS	" Some don 't leave marks on the outside but sometimes an external wound isn 't always visible -- until later . "
tr	NN	I moved my knight to a safer location .
tr	NN	As he pushed by the main desk , a nurse looked up and declared , " Thank god ! "
tr	NNS	They don 't want any more Reboots escaping . "
tr	NNS	The normally reserved geologist 's slip into profanity spoke volumes .
tr	NN	He swung the detector from side to side , almost bumping her .
tr	NN	Take the Shroud from him .
tr	NN	He still had the amber stocking cap .
tr	NNS	I can 't even remember the account numbers to get past the first security check , so we 're forced to push the call button .
tr	NNS	I heard their arguments .
tr	NN	She lifted the vixen with her left arm , even though it ached with tiredness .
tr	NNS	" Any objections ? "
tr	NN	I haven 't had a good bagel in ... " " Over a week , " Gillian said , laughing .
tr	NN	How the hell do you define cost effective on compassionate issues ?
tr	NN	Hunter observed the continued reunion , listening as Corinne 's stricken father tried to make sense of everything that was happening .
tr	NN	I had an ache around my heart .
tr	NN	Dude totally had six-pack abs .
tr	NN	What if she was using some anti-aging cream for ghosts ?
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	' There 's a lot of beer in the house and some whisky ; go and help yourselves .
tr	NN	Oh , she still wanted revenge .
tr	NN	She let out a deep yawn , filling her lungs with much needed oxygen .
tr	NNS	Club golfers don 't get that many eagle opportunities , particularly on par 4s .
tr	NN	He 's offered immunity if you 'll testify against the killers .
tr	NNS	They got notions in their heads that were best to go along with .
tr	NNS	The slight draughts moving around the room caused the candles to flicker and the light looked like thousands of fireflies dancing around .
tr	NN	The brats took priority .
tr	NNS	I count the fears as they pass in silence , ten , eleven , twelve .
tr	NN	I may even get a teacher evaluation soon , which as you know , is quite rare .
tr	NNS	Before I came to the school I had visions that would lead me to the most powerful female angel who existed .
tr	NN	The light couldn 't hide Taro 's scowl .
tr	NN	These children deserve a better fate than living in fear .
tr	NNS	On instinct , I snatched four packs of Marlboro reds from the cigarette rack .
tr	NNS	At main intersections of the pathways below , display hubs ran constant figures and queries .
tr	NNS	A butcher , vet , or even an actual surgeon perhaps , would have such skills albeit at different levels of expertise .
tr	NN	A blast of air from a passing semi made the car shudder .
tr	NNS	" I have other talents . "
tr	NN	A few days later , a strong , healthy President addressed the nation .
tr	NNS	He hooked his thumbs in her jeans .
tr	NNS	" Excuse me , gentlemen ? "
tr	NN	Gilt didn 't need a tower with ten thousand trolls camped outside .
tr	NN	With sex appeal in spades , with whom she shared an incredible attraction .
tr	NN	On the contrary , he was rapidly approaching full psychopath mode .
tr	NNS	By the end of today we should have the stage shots and the disco shots wrapped up .
tr	NNS	In the kitchen , David fills our plates from the silver chafing dishes , his fingers moving with superb grace .
tr	NNS	And somehow , I didn 't trust my own motives for prolonging this stay .
tr	NN	I took a giant sponge off the shelf next to me .
tr	NNS	He helped his mother pour some of it into washing pans for each of their visitors , then placed the pans in front of their visitors .
tr	NNS	She unhooked the tubes and wires and I confess that my emancipation felt fantastic .
tr	NNS	His hand grabbed at the rocks and dirt , his fingers digging tiny trenches .
tr	NNS	I don 't want water droplet marks on the paint from where the water dries . "
tr	NNS	For she reasoned , when men go viking , they leave their hearts behind and take their bodies with them .
tr	NNS	Lord and Thorn filled two leather chairs .
tr	NNS	He had the balls to do this , too .
tr	NN	" Of course I have an attitude !
tr	NN	I take the rag off my neck and wipe my mouth with it .
tr	NN	Kiara did not understand the sudden outburst .
tr	NN	She wore a white sleeveless gown , belted at the waist , and at one end of the belt there was a large bronze medallion .
tr	NN	I have an important promotion waiting for me in Jackson 's Folly . "
tr	NNS	Raja had his doubts .
tr	NN	She saw his eyes darken , saw his jaw clench .
tr	NN	Andrea couldn 't keep the skepticism from her voice .
tr	NNS	It made work humorous at times that was for sure .
tr	NN	I 'll snatch out your beard . '
tr	NN	" We accept your gesture of good faith .
tr	NN	That would surely explode and cause debilitating wreckage among their enemies .
tr	NN	He looked impatient , perhaps even a little bored .
tr	NN	She never liked that rug or the violence it represented .
tr	NN	Valerie suppressed a sudden urge to giggle .
tr	NN	" I will admit , I made an error not keeping better track of the witches . "
tr	NNS	Some of those missions bring connections . "
tr	NNS	Sure , obviously I could see auras , but that didn 't mean the other part was real .
tr	NN	" They 're using a winch to drag the back end of the truck up onto a trailer .
tr	NN	Jocelyn maintained her calm demeanor with an effort .
tr	NN	We don 't need some old fart hanging out with us .
tr	NNS	Like Daire , I see the fangs .
tr	NNS	Get the sim cards out of your phones .
tr	NNS	" Like blood sisters . "
tr	NN	He pulls the needle out and tosses it aside .
tr	NN	A few minutes after he arrived , I heard the cheer chant for the Trojan swim team .
tr	NN	" I cause unrest ? "
tr	NNS	For some reason , I scanned their ranks for Nance , but I didn 't see her .
tr	NNS	Puck grinned and drew his daggers , pointing to Ash with the tip .
tr	NN	She watched the compact with growing disapproval .
tr	NNS	We heard muffled noises coming from the artifact tent , and then someone screamed and we saw a flashlight beam .
tr	NNS	They might have more developed powers than ours ! '
tr	NN	Never did give up swearing though .
tr	NN	And if you mention my dad , she has a meltdown . "
tr	NNS	Cholesterol , fatty meats , and complex carbs were building blocks for fast food .
tr	NN	Mandy grabbed a handful of treats and hurried down to the corral .
tr	NN	" We are still reviewing his lifeline . "
tr	NN	She was only just making the grade now .
tr	NNS	His hand grabbed my bits over the muslin , and I spat at him .
tr	NNS	He possesses superior battle skills and abilities and is fearless .
tr	NN	My uncle raises sheep south of here and does well with them . "
tr	NN	The butler had a certain curl to his lip that in Alexia 's experience could only mean one man .
tr	NNS	I never need more than two shots .
tr	NNS	Black smoke rises skyward .
tr	NN	She would feel the spreading of her slit but not the cutting of the tissue since there were no nerves there .
tr	NN	I followed its descent , frowning .
tr	NNS	She noticed cameras and she still didn 't feel very comfortable with them .
tr	NNS	Perhaps even their ships . "
tr	NN	came the Captain 's yell , somewhat closer .
tr	NNS	He chose his members wisely and those who begged to join his band usually never pass his test .
tr	NN	Thank goodness for new high-tech hotels .
tr	NNS	I should have cleared all my assets before departing . "
tr	NNS	He was making animal noises when we approached .
tr	NNS	" I never put any contracts out .
tr	NN	For some reason , a tingle of fear crept up Curtis ' spine .
tr	NNS	Titus felt his fingernails elongating and biting into his palms .
tr	NN	Colt lifted the receiver and called for taxi clearance , and they made their way out to the runway .
tr	NNS	But between the explosions I heard more muffled noises , something like a piece of furniture falling .
tr	NNS	Aiden was glaring daggers at me .
tr	NN	He ripped the material , and I gasped .
tr	NN	He continued his work , seeming engrossed in it .
tr	NNS	Echo felt butterflies in her stomach .
tr	NNS	The she-wolf bared her fangs at him for that .
tr	NNS	have some errands to do in St. Maarten this morning . "
tr	NNS	Kelly waved Tess out the door .
tr	NNS	The round shield he carried had additional riveted steel bands that reticulated the surface into quadrants to enhance the durability .
tr	NNS	Grown men didn 't grasp their fathers and weep copiously .
tr	NN	It didn 't take a brain surgeon to figure out that he slept when he was bored or unhappy or convincing himself that he wasn 't unhappy .
tr	NNS	Without a moment 's thought , I pulled out my two Saracen knives .
tr	NNS	He remembered her directness , her honesty , and the games played by women who tried to attract him did nothing other than turn him off .
tr	NN	They 'll demand revenge . "
tr	NNS	However , even with it , we vastly underestimated their capabilities . "
tr	NN	She gave the impression that it was a crowded place full of tumult , conflict and rebellion .
tr	NNS	" Throw some mats under them .
tr	NNS	A breeze molded the thin linen undergarments to her body .
tr	NNS	As they drove , Painter imagined the earthquakes and lava bombs that must have shaken the region a thousand years ago .
tr	NN	Ignoring Jimmy 's chatter , she scooped up a handful of raisins and thought about her situation .
tr	NNS	Since the ball , she 'd renewed her efforts to win him over , but as far as I could tell , he was still unmoved .
tr	NNS	The image made her nauseous , which was probably a memory of either Lizzy or Tara .
tr	NN	Dean released a loud feral growl , and leapt off the ground toward Alexander .
tr	NNS	" You need any other metals ? "
tr	NN	Thinking was making his head spin .
tr	NNS	Niches set back in the wal s contained polished marble statues of entwined bodies .
tr	NN	How I recognized the sensation so completely when it should have been unfamiliar ?
tr	NN	Unlike the few pieces of tattered furniture that his family possessed , these looked brand new .
tr	NN	Preston tapped the disconnect and did what he said .
tr	NN	I make a strange half moan , half gurgle noise in response .
tr	NN	" You mistake my femininity for weakness , Stuart . "
tr	NN	She let out a long moan , her body arching as he took one tip into his mouth and sucked .
tr	NNS	I 'll even bring you some hot dogs .
tr	NNS	I take several heavy blinks in an attempt to see better , and squint as I try to adjust to the brightness that surrounds me .
tr	NN	He rubbed his ribcage and whispered to Sandra , " you might want to do something about those bony elbows .
tr	NNS	Across the great hall , Fletcher was mirroring his own movements .
tr	NN	His gun had a wet clump of her hair stuck to it .
tr	NNS	He searched his pockets for the keys .
tr	NN	He knelt and loosened the rope around Sarah 's body enough to free her right hand .
tr	NN	He wrote an email .
tr	NN	She swept the branch between them , concentrating on the parrying and blocking lessons she 'd gotten from Gabriel .
tr	NN	No wonder Adrienne had kept her sexuality such a closely guarded secret .
tr	NN	If her clients found out that she 'd messed up so completely , she 'd lose that reputation .
tr	NN	He could smell the metallic aroma of blood .
tr	NN	In a nutshell , it means manufacturing at the atomic level , at a level of one billionth of a meter .
tr	NN	Logan had a special talent of simultaneously making me want fall in love again and screw his brains out .
tr	NN	" I wasn 't here yesterday , " she told the teller .
tr	NNS	It helped his clients to feel generous and relaxed .
tr	NNS	She set up cravings with her soft gentle ways .
tr	NNS	After the doctor left , Drake pulled the covers from the bed , then undressed Elena .
tr	NNS	Just dangle a few biceps in her face and she 's on it like flies on shit . "
tr	NNS	We know the terms Land Investment want .
tr	NN	Annoying , rude , bastard dragon that he was .
tr	NN	Did Aunt Maggie give you that outfit ? "
tr	NN	She had brought a large grocery back containing things they needed .
tr	NN	She popped the CD into her laptop and waited for the files to open .
tr	NN	Wouldn 't attend a funeral .
tr	NNS	I have twenty-five bucks in my pocket until I get paid . "
tr	NNS	I have a few shape-shifting tricks to show you that you haven 't seen yet . "
tr	NNS	But the way she refused to look at me spoke volumes , and I sighed .
tr	NNS	" You lose points because they didn 't give us napkins . "
tr	NNS	She had serious trust issues , and I needed to remember that and act accordingly .
tr	NNS	He shed the remains of the vest and dropped to his knees at Ava 's side .
tr	NN	He understood the impulse that drove Nick to want to plant his fist in the preppy men 's faces , but it wouldn 't be cool .
tr	NN	Arthur made a vague gesture toward the dance floor with a questioning look .
tr	NN	I 'll get her contact info when we 're back home .
tr	NNS	I will send roses and lilies . "
tr	NN	We find the coal and make other peoples to come here and dig it from the ground .
tr	NNS	Since you seem to be the making out pro , how would you rate my skills ?
tr	NNS	She felt dizzy and had a pounding headache .
tr	NNS	" Always , my lord , " he answered fervently .
tr	NN	I could not shake off the worrying realisation that , had the sniper chosen a different weapon , I would now almost certainly be dead .
tr	NNS	He stopped drug sales , prostitution , and violent crimes and turned the gangs ' illegal activity towards extortion , robbery , and violence against other gangs .
tr	NN	In shock , he grabbed his bench and clung to it for his life .
tr	NNS	" Only select members of the Clave . "
tr	NNS	The T-shirt she wore rasped her aching nipples , tempting her to remove it , but she knew better .
tr	NNS	Someone like him would have passwords , right ?
tr	NN	You are that innately bad , you don 't even understand the harm and torture you have brought to others . "
tr	NN	An hour later I 'm sitting at the bar , the bartender is keeping a steady flow of beers coming .
tr	NNS	He hadn 't even healed the scratches on his face .
tr	NN	The moment I climbed onto my bike and drove out of Rosemary Beach , Florida , I left true joy behind .
tr	NN	Jimmy rapped his knuckles on the top of the framework .
tr	NNS	He imagined trying to explain this fact to his friends , those he regarded his peers .
tr	NN	Lissa brushed a stray strand of hair away from my forehead .
tr	NNS	' Did you say ghosts ? '
tr	NNS	She pulled all the hanging bits of lettuce away from the bun and wrapped the wrapper around the bottom half of the burger .
tr	NN	" Did you get a glimpse of his equipment ? "
tr	NN	I removed the condom and set my purse on the floor .
tr	NN	He removed the pager from his pocket and turned it over again in his hands , pressing the small button that activated the number display .
tr	NNS	He had the brains and the looks .
tr	NNS	" Why would I have any clients ? "
tr	NN	He swallowed a groan , feeling as though he 'd been sucker punched , because it didn 't end there .
tr	NNS	I turn and walk the few paces to the water fountain and drink .
tr	NNS	" Five thousand dollars for consultation and testimony . "
tr	NN	Indeed , she liked his height .
tr	NN	From outside they heard the cab 's horn hurrying him .
tr	NNS	They placed their palms against each other .
tr	NN	Willow fought the urge to nervously twist her hair .
tr	NN	The man , whoever he was , dumped a tart liquid down my throat the moment I parted my lips .
tr	NNS	Rachel hurriedly undressed and pulled back the covers .
tr	NNS	Over the years I 've been delegated the easy marks , the ones requiring no more skill than a blind man in a virtual game .
tr	NNS	Reece stares at me .
tr	NN	They could see only outlines , hear spoken language , no more than that .
tr	NN	That brought a small smile to my face and I settled myself , legs crossed Indian style beneath my dress .
tr	NN	" But -- " " I 'll brook no argument here , boy .
tr	NN	" I know a good lawyer .
tr	NN	Give him a little advice . "
tr	NN	He opened the second drawer from the top and pulled out a large folder containing a multitude of letters .
tr	NN	I grabbed the clothes basket and grabbed article after article , sniffing each one and then tossing aside the really offensive ones .
tr	NN	" Mr. and Mrs. Landis , " the pilot 's voice filled the cabin , " we 're at cruising altitude .
tr	NN	The hardware development quickly outran the software because it was just too complex for people to write .
tr	NN	What classes are you taking this semester ?
tr	NN	He swallowed the lump in his throat .
tr	NNS	As Micah explained solemnly , " Our dad has magic powers . "
tr	NNS	" Like the Keepers . "
tr	NN	Serena unzipped her handbag and reached for her lipstick and compact .
tr	NNS	I added the plates to the Things that Aunt Tabby Will Not Like When She Comes Home list .
tr	NN	He whipped off the tarp and spun around to face the growing crowd .
tr	NNS	My people do study the powers of chaos as your church would call them , but that power , like any power , is not inherently evil .
tr	NNS	Must have heard the shots , too .
tr	NNS	The board of directors would follow Don 's directions until new ones were put in their place .
tr	NNS	You remembered the candles . "
tr	NN	Funny enough , this C-5 interior shape gave us easier design planning than we ever expected .
tr	NNS	She massaged her temples and lifted her eyes to look at Lord Reginald .
tr	NN	" Condoms have a two percent birth rate . "
tr	NNS	His kiss had shattered all illusions of neutrality between them .
tr	NNS	Echo ran the few paces to her brother 's body and fell to her knees , sliding across the watery ground to his side .
tr	NNS	In those times everyone had fleas .
tr	NNS	" It shows the driving roads and where each gard lives . "
tr	NN	Hell , the girl had a penchant for skirts that crept above the height of decency .
tr	NNS	He tossed the reins to me , touched his heels to his mount and took off toward the warriors .
tr	NN	Ainsley had noted this absently while Angelo had helped her to her feet , the significance not really dawning on her .
tr	NNS	Waiting beside him , she hooked her thumbs on her backpack straps .
tr	NNS	A large bank account and a hefty dose of fame worked wonders for making things happen fast .
tr	NN	( A hospital social worker .
tr	NN	He gave them credit for not interrupting him constantly with questions .
tr	NN	" The queen takes your advice on horses .
tr	NN	He had a remedy for the noise makers .
tr	NNS	" But that increases the chances of discovery .
tr	NNS	Behind them , the husbands were discussing their most recent golf scores and trying to keep the peace .
tr	NNS	On the main level stood large several large crates .
tr	NN	She turns the cart around and pushes it next to the tray stand beside my bed .
tr	NN	She handed the file back to Valerie .
tr	NNS	He had some supplies of his own gathered in a pile on the floor .
tr	NN	I 've fashioned a better noose and the deed is done .
tr	NN	Rose sealed her resolve .
tr	NN	We want success for you , and we do want to win this case .
tr	NNS	Have you packed all necessary items ?
tr	NNS	He won 't return texts or phone calls .
tr	NNS	I imagine the clouds and form them into the shapes of everything that has come and gone .
tr	NNS	Daemon slipped the apples into his pocket .
tr	NNS	Rising , he backed up several paces , putting some distance between us .
tr	NNS	He eyed their uniforms , the ancient garb of the explorers , and shrugged .
tr	NNS	For the safety of all and our way of life , we must raise security measures . "
tr	NN	Shock made her momentarily dizzy .
tr	NN	I grabbed my fork and began shifting my food around my plate .
tr	NN	Heat shot up my spine , and my knees nearly gave away .
tr	NN	With a start , I follow his gesture and see that Jake 's truck is idling at the end of the sidewalk .
tr	NNS	The ball of fire , however , melted the balls like they were dots of ice cream that liquefied due to the heat of the sun .
tr	NN	Suddenly , Emily noticed a familiar fork in the path .
tr	NN	She heard the crunch of bones and she flinched , but he just gave a growl and wrenched his broken hand free .
tr	NNS	If I brought home the ingredients ? "
tr	NNS	She stopped in her tracks , obviously unnerved to find me standing in the doorway .
tr	NNS	After checking to be sure he can 't get primary systems online from here , Vel powers down the terminal .
tr	NN	Mage 's soothing voice , normally a godsend , sparked fury in me .
tr	NNS	She has strange cravings when she is pregnant .
tr	NNS	Electra put her palms on his face and looked him in the eyes .
tr	NN	The old Aden might have ignored the implication .
tr	NNS	If it was an isolated plot , we will surgically remove those elements .
tr	NNS	If I were a judge , I 'd schedule all my court dates after eleven in the morning and end them at three in the afternoon .
tr	NNS	He 's asking all his allies to join him for their festivities . "
tr	NN	You want ice cream with that ? "
tr	NN	" At least we can get a lawyer to help us .
tr	NNS	Moving slightly to his side , I simultaneously grabbed the reins and whipped my right leg up and over his back when he got alongside me .
tr	NNS	He 'd attended three different meetings in three different countries and arrived back home exhausted .
tr	NNS	The monkey blew out the candles before Sam could get to them .
tr	NN	Such simple things gave her joy .
tr	NN	" My companions and I were hunting a dragon .
tr	NN	He offered up a silent prayer for Sutter and his family , and took a mouthful from the tankard .
tr	NN	I had taken his advice and had spoken to her on the phone a couple of times since our last meeting .
tr	NNS	You 'll never find all my labs or catch all the children I 've unleashed in San Diego . "
tr	NNS	I 've got a few more tricks up my sleeve yet . "
tr	NN	He caught her meaning .
tr	NNS	" Then please , George , do the honors . "
tr	NNS	Tasker guides the bird down into an empty space .
tr	NN	Jake wanted privacy when he explored the room .
tr	NNS	When it finally stopped , so did the engines .
tr	NN	Jazz resisted the urge to turn as the woman 's smile shut down and left her face blank and watchful .
tr	NNS	He switched pathing frequencies and sought Lorelei 's but she told him she just didn 't know .
tr	NNS	He made rubbing motions and turned his left arm into a trunk .
tr	NN	" We have a whole block . "
tr	NN	She pulled the t-shirt off his head and splayed her hands across his chest .
tr	NNS	It takes a few shaky breaths before I get myself back in control .
tr	NN	I 'd made a huge leap about Art being responsible for kidnapping her and the others .
tr	NN	She had no more than the equivalent of a high school education , but she had an inexplicable skill with mathematics .
tr	NN	To offer counsel and comfort in times of loss .
tr	NNS	Love knew all the tricks .
tr	NNS	I got a few assets back home but nothing liquid .
tr	NN	That term alone inspired terror in the things that gave evil a bad name . "
tr	NN	Surrounding him , all of them aiming their black Sparklers at him , stood a giant cluster of Rash - cons .
tr	NN	" You 'd brave the hated theater to see me ? "
tr	NNS	" I 've used bits of Sorcha 's spells , others that have come down , something of my own . "
tr	NN	Chase scooped up his briefcase and left without even looking at Riddick .
tr	NNS	He 'd dated models , actresses and even a chanteuse or two .
tr	NNS	" Fetch a light , there , and bring shovels ; we will have to clear some of this off him before he can scramble out . "
tr	NN	The man pulled off his worn cap .
tr	NN	' But I 've set up a trap .
tr	NN	" Of course , I cared , I left my date bleeding to death with some madman on the loose . "
tr	NN	Maggie threw a handful of muck at him and he ducked , laughing .
tr	NN	Sighing , I set my backpack on the floor and decided to try each one .
tr	NNS	Together , they would scan various sectors of the planet , looking for Padme .
tr	NNS	Just being in the same room , you two melt the drapes .
tr	NNS	Or , failing that , visitation rights . "
tr	NNS	I can 't hold the dozen illusions anymore .
tr	NNS	The details he sought only had three layers of security protection , and within a minute he 'd identified all the information he needed .
tr	NN	His beard , and his daunting height and build , and his strange , silver eyes .
tr	NNS	We practiced invasion techniques and there was a lot of target practice .
tr	NN	Liz lashed its other wing off , as it let out a shriek .
tr	NN	I see its success , but there is a clouded road ahead with many obstacles in your path . "
tr	NNS	Mike massaged his temples .
tr	NN	He kept the vicious twist of his mouth off his face through sheer willpower alone .
tr	NN	I slung the rifle along my side , and we ushered Davion back out into the courtyard .
tr	NN	He had just asked the Holy Spirit to help him .
tr	NNS	I have a built in desk for my computer which I mainly use to stay in touch with friends and a few family members .
tr	NNS	She also delivered two cold beers , then quickly left .
tr	NN	In about an hour , we 'll make our big announcement and the problem will be over . "
tr	NNS	The rest of Los Angeles continued their evening chores , completely unaware of the unimaginable horror taking place within their so-called civilized society .
tr	NN	Suddenly he blew out the candle and slid in beside her .
tr	NN	Jace nearly fell off the ridge .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't see any other ships .
tr	NNS	But most of my enemies have the balls to face me , not creep around like an angst-ridden adolescent . "
tr	NNS	" But if you need me , you tell the Crows and I 'll come . "
tr	NNS	Trust me , it will increase our chances of survival beyond measure .
tr	NN	Spinning about , Simone confronted the intruder with an exasperated frown .
tr	NNS	She pressed her thighs tightly together .
tr	NN	He used his bat to deflect a stone that would have struck her in the back .
tr	NNS	You have big brass balls of steel .
tr	NNS	The other babies had earlier expiration dates .
tr	NN	He always wore a kilt to remind everyone who set eyes on him that he was , and always would be , Scottish first .
tr	NNS	Victor searched the dead man 's pockets , looking for identification .
tr	NN	He 'd let her stew in the caves waiting for him like a schoolgirl .
tr	NNS	He had nine inches , after all .
tr	NN	The clock read an obscene trio of numbers , 3.47 .
tr	NNS	To the left , wind ruffled the flaps of the camp 's tents and scattered sand across the excavation site .
tr	NNS	They couldn 't help their instincts .
tr	NN	I taste the stale , wasted oxygen and sigh .
tr	NN	I had kicked up my boot on a chair and leaned on the archway for support when I sensed someone ' s piercing gaze .
tr	NN	Did I just have a breakdown ?
tr	NNS	Parker had issues , we all knew that , but it still hurt me to see Peyton let down .
tr	NNS	Have you improved your parrying skills yet ? "
tr	NN	" I did some digging into your school file .
tr	NNS	We still have fifteen different skills that we want to either confirm or eliminate . "
tr	NN	He gave me a smirk and peeled himself away from the doorframe .
tr	NNS	He could ﬁnd the crystal pockets .
tr	NN	Hodge raised the Cup in his hands , but said nothing .
tr	NN	And the dinosaur was alone , a backpack hanging off one horn and bits of a fence still clinging to one foot .
tr	NNS	As soon as we hit traffic , she dipped down some side roads and sped off impressively fast .
tr	NN	I paid you a fortune .
tr	NN	" Miss the main attraction ? "
tr	NN	To go through that door meant confrontation and accusation and he 'd already rehearsed every argument in his head and come to every conclusion .
tr	NN	Bruce entered his personal code to finalize the assembly and to give him the command of the new ship .
tr	NNS	Cassandra saw the sneers and glares they collected as Phoebe led them toward a hallway on the left .
tr	NNS	Our band made great marks at contests , but we didn 't win .
tr	NNS	Andrea picked up the briefs , looked at the waistband , and grinned .
tr	NN	The high-res screen showed the landscape of Russia zooming in quickly to Moscow , and then to some residential neighborhood .
tr	NN	We should be giving this guy a medal and buying him a drink .
tr	NN	He could smell the soft , sweet fragrance of Amelia 's hair , he could taste the faint flavor of coconut and peppermint from her lip balm .
tr	NN	That dog needs a bath .
tr	NNS	The vibration made my insides all squishy and happy .
tr	NN	She swallowed the knot in her throat .
tr	NNS	I like your instincts .
tr	NN	He explained the content of the letters to her , much as he 'd done for Manfred .
tr	NN	Scans of the ship had shown a complex interior design , of which almost nothing was understood .
tr	NN	He hefted the vase to one side , resting it against one hip so he could have her sign his clipboard .
tr	NN	When Carlos and I were there the day before , I noticed a small closet by the front door .
tr	NN	Quinn Sullivan made my light blink on and off .
tr	NN	Mike motioned the bartender over and then turned his attention back to Morgan .
tr	NN	" To what do I owe this reception ? "
tr	NN	We have a marvelous range of crafts .
tr	NN	The dark-haired woman grabbed a six-pack of Del Monte canned corn from her cart and hurled it at the creature .
tr	NN	Somehow , Anon 's voice was audible both telepathically , and physically .
tr	NNS	Some people sleeping downstairs made startled noises , and I got up quickly .
tr	NNS	I had discussed my issues with my mom , but she had no idea how bad it really was .
tr	NN	He gave Colton a thumbs-up as the elevator doors closed .
tr	NN	The hint of surprise in his eyes and voice undermined her resistance .
tr	NNS	Up ahead we saw the sentries running about , and rebels beginning to pile out of tents , desperate to form a line .
tr	NNS	Does it have rights ?
tr	NNS	With no sign of Marlon , the bandmates drank beer whilst waiting to soundcheck .
tr	NN	No , I will not , under any circumstances , play arena football .
tr	NN	( Beware any warlock who claims that he will need your blood to complete his summoning ! )
tr	NNS	" I had some errands to do . "
tr	NNS	Another five and it was gone , no crumbs remaining .
tr	NNS	Two struck their targets but did no damage to the heavy weaponry there .
tr	NNS	Inside , I met the startled stares of Holly , Kara , and Abby .
tr	NNS	The vulnerable state made Kali 's movements very clumsy .
tr	NN	' You need a crowbar to get him round corners , too .
tr	NNS	" Have you heard any more shots ? "
tr	NN	He did not share the cowboy 's conviction that his parents were alive and well .
tr	NN	" Grab a shovel , Johnny . "
tr	NNS	His touch sends currents through my body .
tr	NNS	The sudden , overwhelming disgust I felt was doing wonders to distract me from the feel of my wrist chafing against my bonds .
tr	NN	She read the tag on his beige shirt : Park Hyatt Hotel , Abu Dhabi .
tr	NNS	Nick , thinking only the Grand Master was coming for a visit , had six wolves waiting to bring Weldon down .
tr	NNS	We angels probably had as many fanciful tales about the Elders as humans had about angels .
tr	NN	How after Jake had disproved one of the teacher 's theorems in front of his whole class , he had suffered a nervous breakdown .
tr	NN	He had a neatly trimmed beard and a dangerous expression .
tr	NNS	" Oh for heaven 's sake , " Holly put her palms and the table and started to rise .
tr	NN	It had completed its task but still held vast amounts of energy , and that energy had to be released .
tr	NN	At some point , I had made the transition from living at home to just boarding in his house .
tr	NN	Their mother swept down the staircase .
tr	NN	She buried the subtle compulsion in her suggestion carefully .
tr	NN	Raoul shoved the diamond out of Christine 's face and forcibly steered her towards the exit .
tr	NN	He eyed the juice pooled beneath the meat .
tr	NN	And then he shook his pen , indicating that it was out of ink .
tr	NN	But he had another agenda .
tr	NNS	Two computers , two chairs , a huge mass of papers , pop cans , and other unclassified clutter completed the scene .
tr	NNS	She put down her utensils and glanced slowly across the room .
tr	NN	When Mike stood , he noticed the pistol lying next to the large guard .
tr	NN	Follow the bird . "
tr	NN	With the gun in his hand , Seth grabbed the briefcase as well .
tr	NN	She examines the shaft .
tr	NNS	" Sword skills ? "
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms to the concrete banister and breathed long and slow .
tr	NN	Michael hits his opponent as he lands his fist on the android ´ s chin .
tr	NNS	But since we 're taking the Stearman and you 're getting your feet wet , we 'll just buzz the folks near the airport .
tr	NNS	He possessed highly advanced reasoning skills but could , at best , be described as a bumbling child genius .
tr	NNS	" I 've got some steaks .
tr	NN	He lifted the bent frame to his shoulder and took the wheel out of her hand .
tr	NNS	" Depends , " he answered slyly .
tr	NN	Then I took her ear lobe into my mouth and bit down gently .
tr	NNS	Why would a woman with an advanced degree in business , not to mention a massive IQ , waste her talents working as a social secretary ?
tr	NNS	The mine had torches lighting the tunnel .
tr	NNS	The kind of hurt that reaches into your stomach , pulls your intestines out onto the floor and then stomps on them .
tr	NNS	" I 'm washing the dishes . "
tr	NNS	If you put them together just right , they 'll do all sorts of nice things to people who aren 't nice . '
tr	NNS	He dared not open his eyes in case he 'd somehow pre-empted his expectations .
tr	NNS	She touched something sticky on an earpiece of the second set .
tr	NNS	' Did you pass your eleven plus ? '
tr	NN	She would not ignore a lesson she had paid so dearly to learn .
tr	NNS	Rainier picked up his cards and resumed his game .
tr	NN	The weapon 's pulses formed a near-constant umbrella to repel the raining stones .
tr	NNS	In the beam of his headlights he saw tire marks across his drive .
tr	NN	He 'd found my eyelash comb .
tr	NNS	" I 've heard strange tales , that 's all . "
tr	NN	No sizzling or burning or smoke that indicates infernal possession .
tr	NNS	" My feet don 't reach the pedals . "
tr	NNS	She has our test scores . "
tr	NN	She had a sudden desperate urge to call Mark .
tr	NNS	He encountered two robots matching Caliban 's and Prospero 's descriptions coming in as he went out , and then went to bed .
tr	NNS	I felt nauseous and couldn 't believe I had put up with these girls in high school .
tr	NNS	Sullivan has called the shots in this family long enough .
tr	NN	" And ... " Sergio made another incision . "
tr	NNS	Other places in Spain and Germany have also made similar claims about Pilate .
tr	NN	He 'd never seen a good example of it , had he ?
tr	NNS	He pulled both my blades from their sheaths and threw them on the ground , so he could tear Nicky away from me .
tr	NN	Finally , he spotted his emerald hottie .
tr	NNS	Surely curiosity has killed no cats .
tr	NN	Did I lose my shoe there by chance ? "
tr	NN	Patrick finished his burger , thanked Parker and Hildy , and walked down the road .
tr	NN	Then mechanically , she picked up another potato .
tr	NNS	He has incredible skills and instincts and as soon as he makes a move , we have to be ready .
tr	NNS	This upsets members of larger and more powerful clans . "
tr	NNS	Seriously , this guy and I were having some trust issues .
tr	NN	" The local head of HLP has decried the vandalism as unconscionable , but local restaurateur , Jake Crawford , doesn 't buy it .
tr	NN	" The police always suspect the spouse .
tr	NNS	" Any objections ? "
tr	NN	The effort only tightened the noose , strangling the dog 's growls .
tr	NN	" Get your butt down here .
tr	NN	Just as she started to relax , she caught a glimpse of a black sedan parked perhaps a tenth of a mile down a side path .
tr	NN	He removed the gag and pulled off her blindfold .
tr	NNS	" I have never seen these photographs before .
tr	NN	" Well , I made a birthday cake for her last night . "
tr	NN	" This species is called the Amur leopard , named for the river border between Russia and China .
tr	NN	Hanna gave him a playful shove .
tr	NNS	" I 've been raising cubs and siblings for more than three hundred years , even Dante .
tr	NNS	" Everyone 's doing the dishes and stuff .
tr	NN	She found her log unoccupied again , and so she soaked up all she could of the ocean .
tr	NNS	" All of you developed your encryption systems over the subspace network .
tr	NNS	Close your mouths and quit drooling . "
tr	NNS	The vibrant sound from his throat hardened my nipples .
tr	NN	I could play the affable captive if I needed to .
tr	NN	I can check the status and let you know . "
tr	NN	Ryan gripped his rifle , and Claire stood .
tr	NNS	" I like birds , but I don 't study them like you and your Dad . "
tr	NNS	The last , heartrending screams of the mother and the bloodied result of her labor had frightened Tess into a state of permanent virtue .
tr	NNS	So the newfound sex appeal had benefits .
tr	NN	" Wake the fuck up . "
tr	NN	Before he could do more than wink at me , I skinned back down the tower and went to find Longshot .
tr	NNS	" So , I take it the doctors confirm my suspicions that I 'm going to live ? "
tr	NNS	" And I do have many talents . "
tr	NN	Had she sensed some impending doom ?
tr	NN	" I want to see the manager , " Bill hauled out his ID .
tr	NN	I checked the shower location and dashed out the door .
tr	NNS	She will use her own powers if it will keep you safe . "
tr	NNS	She finally understood all the references to the Dickens Festival , but she didn 't think Mike knew about it .
tr	NNS	We don 't keep large packs here .
tr	NNS	She 'd already made her contacts and they expected her to show .
tr	NN	His tone held a slight playfulness but his expression was dead serious .
tr	NN	If you undo the net now and release the dolphins , we won 't hand this tape over to the Coast Guard . "
tr	NNS	Sophie picked up the scales and the loose broken pieces and put the lot in the bin .
tr	NNS	After all , the Templars have powerful and wealthy connections , and these could sometimes be of use in our business .
tr	NNS	These two definitely have in-law issues .
tr	NN	" He drank the sedative but it never fully kicked in . "
tr	NNS	Mrs. Vader had three sons .
tr	NNS	Ben absent-mindedly patted his jacket pockets , frowning when he found nothing .
tr	NNS	You can do the honors . "
tr	NNS	He hurled the invisible currents of paranormal radiation into Tucker 's aura .
tr	NNS	" Who 's pushing the drugs ?
tr	NNS	He knows all our hidden motives and sees through our self-righteous arguments and our pleas for justice .
tr	NN	Suddenly the deck plates shudder .
tr	NN	She cut the brownie into four bite-sized quarters and gave each of them a plastic spoon .
tr	NNS	I put the chocolates in my bag , wanting Alexander 's presence to be close to me .
tr	NN	One hand grasped his cock , rubbing it over my wet folds .
tr	NN	Point in fact , she earned that rank .
tr	NN	Beth showed some dismay over Lord Seguin 's behavior , however , then anger at Aggie 's attempt to force Bessie into such a dishonorable business .
tr	NN	The pain meds made me a little groggy .
tr	NNS	You need a couple shots and to shake it on the dance floor with some hottie . "
tr	NN	The skin opened , the fissure parting to reveal - ' Kumiko , no , ' George whispered .
tr	NN	I tapped the frame to try and straighten it , but it didn 't move .
tr	NN	He quickly searched the assassin , looking for a cell phone or radio ; he found neither .
tr	NNS	Something in the report sent tiny currents of awareness whispering through him .
tr	NNS	They took up positions in front of it , swords drawn , and faced the mob , whose mood had reached the boiling point .
tr	NNS	Why , when I look in your eyes , I see the wheels turning ? "
tr	NN	" Thank goodness it was me in the room while she was under influence last night . "
tr	NNS	He 'd spent centuries beneath the ground waiting for that moment when his body came to life and the soil released him back into the world .
tr	NN	We quietly climb our street 's hill until we reach my house .
tr	NNS	But the dappled shade held golden surprises as Canute ran through the undergrowth .
tr	NNS	In other words Ronald Mason gives no breaks for incompetence or laziness .
tr	NN	I committed every solid detail of it to my memory .
tr	NN	If he lifted his head he could see a glimpse of the distant forest .
tr	NN	She heard Diego 's shout , then the boom of his gun , and she smelled the scent of gunpowder .
tr	NNS	" The Others don 't run their stores for profit .
tr	NNS	" And we can have some refreshments too . "
tr	NNS	In Russia he told his superiors he needed these girls to ensnare the sexually perverted westerners and gain leverage over them .
tr	NNS	" What other stunts did you pull ? "
tr	NN	Each week he 'd avoided execution by brutal beating .
tr	NN	You should have learned the lesson I shared when we first met .
tr	NNS	It slashed buildings with a powerful sweep of its hairy leg .
tr	NNS	Checked their hip pockets .
tr	NNS	He pulled out his cigarettes he 'd looked round for an ashtray and then remembered he was in a smoke-free area .
tr	NN	I told the waiter to put the bill on Finn 's tab , and Owen and I left Underwood 's and got into his car .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , I couldn 't read family members , although I could read their auras .
tr	NNS	Being married gives your wives rights to homestead acreage , as well . "
tr	NN	She 'd not seen his manhood then , but now she stared right at the thing .
tr	NN	He was shouldering a lot more responsibility , and could claim a lot of success through his own hard work .
tr	NNS	That would explain the genetics for a body built like a tank .
tr	NNS	He is designing new houses and dealing with people who will be putting everything together .
tr	NNS	They wore comfy sweats and T-shirts , and had already blown through most of the large cheese pie .
tr	NN	You owe your obedience to your king and must do his bidding .
tr	NNS	Both of them put their noses to the ground and then lifted them upward tilting their head to get a better whiff .
tr	NN	And from the frenzied way she writhed against him , he had a hunch she knew it too .
tr	NN	Charles yanked up a receiver in his meaty hand and answered .
tr	NN	Tibor examined the rod .
tr	NN	All previously available space in the car found a wing taking it up .
tr	NNS	' The friend you 've got inside your head usually doesn 't bother to explain things , he just builds the correct responses into your mind .
tr	NNS	No slim , boyish hips there , but a definite flare from her waist , and she had firm , round buttocks .
tr	NN	I felt the prick as the point pressed at my right nipple .
tr	NNS	If you were going to leave a cryogenic preservation center tended by equipment , instead of people , you 'd want positive protective measures .
tr	NNS	Part 1.7 That fella gave me a hundred bucks to do nothin ' , really .
tr	NN	" Yes I know hockey ... but since when did they start playing it on ice ? "
tr	NN	Tuck had a big water supply he kept in the cold ground , and I fished the rocks out of it and dried them off .
tr	NN	Every major city in the world , except for three countries , had aircraft somewhere over them .
tr	NNS	" You could improve his chances of succeeding here , Luke , if you showed a little more faith in him . "
tr	NN	It made her apprehensive with nervous excitement .
tr	NNS	Letting out an embarrassing yelp , he slammed his palms down hard on the stone , stopping his tumble .
tr	NN	She 'd soak up all the joy she could and not spoil it by anticipating the inevitable parting scene .
tr	NNS	" I left my journals behind . "
tr	NN	~ ~ ~ Bernard Brewer threw a bar towel over his shoulder and followed the strange little man to the door .
tr	NN	" Did you actually see the intruder ? "
tr	NNS	Lawrence will give you your coats and show you out .
tr	NN	With a calm face and lighting reflexes , he raised his rifle up to aim and that 's when I charged him .
tr	NN	Now he had an urge to take her in his arms and fly up to his cloud with her .
tr	NN	She held great affection and responsibility for her people .
tr	NN	I reinforced the sun design and didn 't stray from the lines too badly .
tr	NN	" I have my own joy on the way . "
tr	NN	He stamped a hoof , and tossed his head up and down .
tr	NNS	I have heard your prayers , would you weep even as they are answered ? "
tr	NNS	She opened the blinds to look out at the night skyline , but did not see it .
tr	NNS	The king could have as many Ladies as he pleased .
tr	NNS	You can 't expect miracles overnight .
tr	NN	With that , they entered the conservatory , its walls ensconced with towering plants and vines , and headed for the almost invisible crack in the wall .
tr	NN	The blacksmith wore a thick leather apron charred from his work .
tr	NNS	She had close ties with the Vatican .
tr	NNS	They give me the creeps .
tr	NNS	" But it could be , if you played your cards right . "
tr	NN	Jacobs removed his police cap .
tr	NN	Phoebe broke the chant .
tr	NNS	" I don 't like criminals .
tr	NN	Cape Town had an abundance of capital , if you knew where to look .
tr	NNS	" Normally , we recruit members who have skills we can use .
tr	NN	" But I studied the tape very carefully .
tr	NNS	He brushed the crumbs of his biscuit into the fire .
tr	NNS	" That possum took my peanuts . "
tr	NNS	" So in other words the enemy shall have dragons under their control during this battle ? "
tr	NN	From behind them came a sudden yell and then the sound of energy guns being fired .
tr	NN	She took the shovel and turned away from him .
tr	NN	Ryan sent his sister a scowl , but it made very little difference to her .
tr	NNS	" You illegally culled sick cattle .
tr	NN	" I don 't know the brand or anything but they looked like hunting knives . "
tr	NNS	I want folks to like me .
tr	NNS	She threw her blades down and kicked out at the shield as hard as she could .
tr	NNS	We have roads over the Appalachians . "
tr	NNS	I let the dogs out in the backyard and told the cats they 'd have to wait .
tr	NN	And we even threw a surprise birthday barbecue there for my grandmother .
tr	NN	His look turned sheepish .
tr	NNS	Smooth palms and long fingers .
tr	NN	He opened his desk drawer , removed a cardboard carton the size of a shoebox , and slid it across the desk .
tr	NNS	He used his powers unashamedly to keep people looking the other way as he took Dahlia out of the town .
tr	NNS	We will have the oxygen packs fitted to our backs , and I believe we will be allowed outside for only three hours a day .
tr	NN	Unable to argue the relative merits of one kind of loom or crop over another , Royce tried a different argument .
tr	NN	Nicole addressed the craft .
tr	NNS	She could practically hear the wheels in his shrewd mind turning , calculating his errors and how to smooth them over .
tr	NNS	It can take centuries for young vampires to learn the mental arts . "
tr	NN	" Harry , I know my trade .
tr	NN	He handed me a vodka tonic .
tr	NNS	I had instincts , of course , that had become part of me .
tr	NNS	" First of all , no one has the funds to move that center .
tr	NN	She clenched the railing , the cold metal biting into her bare hands .
tr	NN	From her high vantage , she could see the lagoon where their ship had docked .
tr	NNS	Back home , Granny Dee was clipping the roses in the front of the house in the dusky light of sunset .
tr	NN	Hank and Carla , the neighbors , kept a parrot 's cage on their back porch ; she could see its curved shadow .
tr	NN	" Then I 'll do the damned soothing .
tr	NNS	" The Pax Imperium has impressive numbers , doctor , so yes it is a possibility .
tr	NN	" What turns off the clock ? "
tr	NN	And signed my destiny right along with his .
tr	NNS	More than baseball players love steroids .
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat because I could hardly breathe .
tr	NNS	Before I knew it , I was licking the last bits off my fingers .
tr	NN	Rain beaded off the casing .
tr	NN	Looking into the bottom of my newly emptied can liner , I saw the muddy lump resting where I had thrown it last evening .
tr	NN	I couldn 't see a smashed motorcycle anywhere .
tr	NN	They know every detail of her life , even the most recent ones .
tr	NNS	He broke five ribs and had a crushed knee .
tr	NNS	Ashlyn turned the knobs , shutting off the steady stream .
tr	NN	" I have video of some of the activity and about a dozen cars , if that will help .
tr	NNS	Nor did he mock her efforts to keep a smoothly running relationship with him .
tr	NNS	The shepherd made some strange noises in his throat and stuttered .
tr	NNS	Unless you have any objections . "
tr	NNS	" She bears my claiming marks .
tr	NN	I catch another glimpse of Sebastian .
tr	NNS	The third woman tossed her cards down and adjusted her round glasses .
tr	NNS	I copied his actions , watching how he ate exactly .
tr	NNS	She tossed a few more roses into the fire .
tr	NN	She waddled up the hill in her giant coveralls .
tr	NN	I can hear Katarina protest from beneath her gag , but curiosity pushes me forward .
tr	NN	We have a nursery that we set up to help look after the babies while the women get clean . "
tr	NN	... Selena was slowly sipping her cocktail , almost never letting the straw out of her mouth , so that she won 't have to talk .
tr	NNS	In the past few days , they 'd talked all these scenarios into the ground .
tr	NN	" And don 't kill the pirate .
tr	NN	The older of the men possessed a short yet impressive beard of black and thick dark hair .
tr	NNS	The mere sound of her name scattered the nightmares I 'd just pulled myself out of .
tr	NN	Neil heard the faint scorn in the other man 's voice .
tr	NNS	He noticed silhouettes in the light coming after them .
tr	NNS	When I was little -- fifth and sixth grade -- I picked strawberries and raspberries at the Magruder farm .
tr	NNS	The women muttered their responses while furtively searching for phones in their handbags .
tr	NNS	The leather forked over both breasts and narrowed to thin straps that she tied behind her neck .
tr	NN	Her blonde curls fell down her back resting against the angelic wings that only he could see .
tr	NN	Screaming replaced the chant immediately ; the room was in chaos , as a path lay open for us to the center of the room .
tr	NN	She gave my arm a quick squeeze .
tr	NN	She had a new depth that intrigued him far more than she had as a girl of eighteen .
tr	NN	" I have another option . "
tr	NN	Eric sensed the terror of smaller creatures among the creosote and sage .
tr	NN	It fit our fictional status quite well .
tr	NN	He sounds heartbroken , and the sound breaks mine .
tr	NN	I elbow the other Mog in the gut , breaking free .
tr	NN	I saw the maze of cubicles from the search for the little girl 's father .
tr	NN	She took the instrument from Tom .
tr	NN	" Mortals , " Sam echoed faintly , not understanding any of this .
tr	NN	He 'd found a niche in the rock deep enough to provide protection for both of them , and he deposited her in the crude shelter .
tr	NN	She gave a little snort , then a soft cry .
tr	NN	What the fuck was he doing ?
tr	NNS	I could see now the similarities between the brothers .
tr	NN	Why wouldn 't he stop grinning ?
tr	NNS	They passed gaily painted shops and specialty stores selling everything from fresh bread to the latest technology .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers and stumbled to the armoire to find some clothes .
tr	NNS	I took the plates to the kitchen , then returned to the living room to poke around the bits and pieces on the mantel .
tr	NN	" Right , so they 've got their own version of that .
tr	NNS	He 'd told lies ... endorsed untruths .
tr	NNS	" They have doctors for people like you . "
tr	NN	She tilted the rod , floating upwards , and Vanessa and Errol adjusted to float upwards with her .
tr	NNS	I had visions of hives , rashes , swamp warts .
tr	NNS	" I will hear no complaints from you .
tr	NNS	" Sorry but she needed directions , and I 'm in uniform so I figured it was the right thing to do .
tr	NNS	" Do your errands normally involve assisting those outside the law ? "
tr	NN	The length of the tux suited his height .
tr	NNS	I hate awkward silences , so I break it .
tr	NNS	I should trust my instincts , and my instincts tell me that something is wrong here .
tr	NNS	He 's using his abilities to get ahead at work .
tr	NN	It represented more than just a previous president that she respected .
tr	NN	He placed a lid onto the pan after he poured the mushrooms and Marsala wine into it .
tr	NN	Then , she turned and held the medallion for them both to see .
tr	NN	I still hold the bagel and it becomes that obvious thing in my hand that I don 't know what to do with .
tr	NN	" Yes , it would seem so , " Medusa replied half-heartedly .
tr	NNS	Keep their expectations low , that way the shock of the attorneys ' fees wouldn 't be so great .
tr	NNS	He then grabbed two loose disks that had been displayed separately and laid them in the bag .
tr	NN	As the week went on , even the Daily Mail changed its tune and admitted that they were wrong .
tr	NNS	I 've got a few surprises up my sleeve for him . '
tr	NNS	His dad owns the airplanes that tow the advertising banners at the beach . "
tr	NN	Sometimes he got the impression that his wife looked forward to days like this with a joyous heart .
tr	NN	" No , but I got the impression it was about our little mystery here . "
tr	NNS	" Show the cards . "
tr	NNS	He heard her ragged breaths and the warning shrieks from other Valkyrie .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't have any nefarious designs on my virtue .
tr	NNS	I knew the movements of his dance as if I were dancing it myself .
tr	NNS	And Brazil , incidentally , has the best cosmetic surgeons in the world .
tr	NNS	" I like numbers .
tr	NNS	She had mixed signals flying all over the place .
tr	NNS	She pushed her pelvis into his hand , more aroused than she could ever remember being .
tr	NN	They ran barefoot along the corridor with the lights out , chasing each other like children .
tr	NNS	So they gathered their members throughout the West , hid their treasures in sacred places .
tr	NN	His finger draws along the star on my wrist .
tr	NNS	He pictured the ruins of the other bridges .
tr	NN	He tapped the pencil on the pad a couple of times , laid it down on the paper , and sat back .
tr	NN	I catch a glimpse of myself in a mirror to the right of his desk .
tr	NN	The Warlord immediately picked up the basket , pressing his left hand to his side and grimacing .
tr	NNS	I usually could fill those silences easily , but my brain still felt kind of foggy .
tr	NNS	I have my rights . "
tr	NN	A tremendous slam followed the clang of the metal reaching the bottom .
tr	NN	As they rounded one corner of the main building , he saw a handful of intruders on snowmobiles .
tr	NNS	" I will not take chances with your life . "
tr	NNS	Casually , dismissing her flirtatious move .
tr	NNS	Ethan and the others had centuries of experience with the GP , and had previously trusted that it operated with the Houses ' best interest in mind .
tr	NN	I measure the height .
tr	NN	He broke his hip .
tr	NNS	Her voice trembled and a tear ran delicately to her cheek .
tr	NNS	" They 're boarding priority travelers now .
tr	NN	He checked the price tag and frowned .
tr	NNS	He stopped a few yards from Haworth .
tr	NN	Elena turned the stereo on low , found the latest Frankenstein novel by Dean Koontz , and lost herself in another world .
tr	NN	Out of a pocket in the fold of her dress , she produced a copper color ribbon and wove it into Helen 's hair .
tr	NN	" Sorry guys , " the author said , " Two six hundred year old mooks don 't exactly fit their style .
tr	NN	Marian swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	Tell the tales that you are uniquely suited to tell .
tr	NNS	Half built mechanisms littered the area , tools of varying size and completion scattered throughout .
tr	NN	Jackson snatched the candy out of Jessie 's hand before she changed her mind .
tr	NNS	A long , terrible silence filled the emptiness his shout left behind .
tr	NNS	" As you say , you need allies and so do we .
tr	NNS	I have no doubts about your work .
tr	NNS	It hung suspended several inches above her head .
tr	NNS	The detriments outweigh the benefits . "
tr	NNS	She could see all the shops and restaurants .
tr	NN	This time , he wore a light musk .
tr	NNS	Pulling over to the side of a quiet , shady street , Teddy surveyed the surroundings .
tr	NNS	Even worse , he has bacteria and germs on him . "
tr	NNS	He threw the pages at me , and everyone in the store stopped what they were doing and watched me pick them up .
tr	NNS	Gravity , indentations , air currents .
tr	NNS	He indicated two deceivingly small mechanisms attached to the bottom side of the sack above them .
tr	NN	" Well maybe you should see the schools nurse ? "
tr	NNS	" So the Reapers fought the members of the Pantheon , and the world was plunged into the Chaos War .
tr	NN	He returned her greeting absently .
tr	NN	Charley picked up a rifle with a long clip attached to it , obviously his choice of weapon .
tr	NN	My flashlight flicked over the furniture , the gleaming hardwood floor , and the marble fireplace .
tr	NN	She gave the impression of one who was finding life quite amusing , constantly smiling , a smile which suggested mirth rather than pure happiness .
tr	NNS	The sooner it was done , the sooner she could retrieve the twins from the hideaway Padme had chosen .
tr	NNS	She heard noises coming from other areas the house .
tr	NNS	Everything around the castle and the town below now echoed the themes of Glory 's dress and accessories .
tr	NNS	Her breath puffed clouds between them .
tr	NNS	" We don 't need any distractions from that .
tr	NN	Jennifer shouldered a large platter and tacked on an artificial smile .
tr	NN	He 'd probably need a scholarship . "
tr	NNS	Only five dollars . "
tr	NNS	" Hmm ... I don 't drink , smoke or do drugs .
tr	NNS	Her quick aggressive posture alerted the dogs .
tr	NNS	" You know your mathematics better than I do .
tr	NNS	" You had no issues with that stuff before .
tr	NN	He gives the question thoughtful consideration , then shakes his head .
tr	NN	I 'll inform his Lordship . "
tr	NN	" I beg pardon , but I was under the impression that Mrs. Beaumont was gravely ill . "
tr	NNS	More like she underestimated my loneliness .
tr	NNS	The stations closer to Underground London Zone had tunnels but these outer ones didn 't .
tr	NN	I have absolute faith in your management skills , not to mention your acute sense of diplomacy , tact , understanding , and generally sharp intelligence .
tr	NN	" Nobody can kill a jade plant . "
tr	NNS	All SAM teams to the line .
tr	NN	Seba lowered the lid of the chest and sat upon it heavily .
tr	NNS	But he has instincts , too .
tr	NN	She still had a festering sore on her right front leg , matted fur on her belly and a broken fang .
tr	NNS	" Every coward has his excuses . "
tr	NNS	" You 've always had different priorities . "
tr	NN	He smoothed a stray curl from her face .
tr	NNS	" Our house needs more females .
tr	NN	Sean could almost hear his mind clicking .
tr	NN	I couldn 't hide my next yawn .
tr	NNS	He has also never seen buildings as old as these , some over a century old .
tr	NNS	Then Danny opens his eyes and says , " I found your drugs . "
tr	NN	He ran the tape back and made changes .
tr	NNS	But I have known cats that could do with a session on a psychiatrist 's couch .
tr	NNS	Cramp , Reeves 's sidekick , was the biggest fan , he had all the figures and all the comics .
tr	NN	Nobody wanted the moral obligation , not America , not Europe , and certainly not the UN .
tr	NN	" Honey , most of the time , you can just get a witch to send the ghost back herself . "
tr	NN	" I don 't want her forgiveness . "
tr	NNS	" I have billions . "
tr	NN	She swung the rifle back at the Irishman again .
tr	NN	Viper heard her bream rasp between clenched teeth .
tr	NNS	" I only met the witches briefly , but I don 't doubt they made your life a living hell . "
tr	NN	" Like the very devil . "
tr	NNS	He flattens his palms against the lockers , repeatedly tapping his forehead against the metal .
tr	NNS	Rumors of a raid on the Wilds had everyone jumpy .
tr	NNS	That grin promised all sorts of things that had nothing to do with enemy warfare and everything to do with male versus female .
tr	NN	I dance nimbly out of his reach .
tr	NN	I grabbed a towel from the stack next to the door , and wrapped it around my scantily clad body .
tr	NN	He read a magazine , but stared directly at us as we entered .
tr	NNS	It will even include the original versions of VIRUS 5 and Rome 's Revolution written in 1973 .
tr	NNS	Outside the ring of dancing warriors with spears and axes stood the wolves at a respectful distance , watching and waiting .
tr	NNS	" I 've noticed my powers increasing . "
tr	NNS	" Would you consider terms ?
tr	NN	I grabbed a hand basket and wove my way up and down the aisles , grabbing various items as I went .
tr	NN	Walking , her hands grazed a sloping branch as she started to slip into a memory .
tr	NNS	This prompted more remarks from the band .
tr	NNS	Cecelia fetched four bowls carved from the orange wood .
tr	NN	Even as a boy , he had commanded respect and affection .
tr	NNS	I swallow six lumps in my throat .
tr	NN	She folded a particularly large towel with the dexterity only a mother possesses .
tr	NNS	" You got a hundred bucks .
tr	NN	A shudder slithered down my spine ; I felt it all the way to my toes and fingertips .
tr	NNS	In a distant mountain , she could see dark clouds circling it .
tr	NNS	Glory 's smile spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	Suddenly on the path ahead appeared some white deer , a hind and fawns as snowy white as the hart had been dark .
tr	NN	Unable to endure it any longer , he left the castle .
tr	NN	" I swear , I would not tell anybody ! "
tr	NN	Should I cancel that appointment with this Shelly woman -- Melissa 's former sister-in-law , apparently - and her flower shop ?
tr	NN	Terry picked up his tumbler and twisted the rim between his fingers .
tr	NNS	Laughing filled the ringing gaps .
tr	NN	She took a small measure of comfort in her brother 's deep , steady voice .
tr	NN	Sam brought over a huge platter of freshly cooked burgers and hotdogs .
tr	NNS	He threw the Appaloosa 's reins over its head .
tr	NN	Real change sometimes requires a clean sweep .
tr	NNS	- Two further conditions .
tr	NNS	Beautiful Island , she amended as she poured out a bowl for the momma , then opened cans for the puppies .
tr	NNS	" I mean , we can research our own jump points from here to the next one we 've got left .
tr	NNS	One morning , after a reading , I asked the actors if there were any problems .
tr	NN	He scooted a half full mason jar and a spoon encrusted with sugar toward her .
tr	NNS	" I have recovered my senses !
tr	NNS	Discover other titles by Vincent C. Martinez at his official author webpage .
tr	NNS	" Maybe a few interviews ? "
tr	NN	" Stars have an endless supply of girlies , most of them older and more worldly , so why not use one that 's more willing ? "
tr	NNS	But this time I suffered three snake bites in two days .
tr	NN	She felt the warmth leap out to her ; a warmth intermingled with crisps of cold , and the heavy smell of alcohol .
tr	NNS	The stair door was hanging off one hinge and swaying softly in the breeze .
tr	NNS	His spicy scent teased her senses .
tr	NN	" Remember the fox ? "
tr	NN	He picks up his fork and jams it into the yellow puffs .
tr	NNS	But life had suddenly opened two roads in front of him .
tr	NN	I turned and looked , saw a vendor selling cashmere gloves and heavy coats .
tr	NNS	Cassie surveyed the remaining ancestors , whom she didn 't recognize .
tr	NNS	I forgot all my fears about Thomas in the face of this new horror .
tr	NNS	" Does this town have restaurants ? "
tr	NN	Without missing a beat , he gives my hand a squeeze , letting me know that I 'm safe and sound with him .
tr	NNS	" You mean my nice tits . "
tr	NN	Noel used his fork to spear a succulent shrimp .
tr	NNS	He bares his fangs .
tr	NN	Now my friends and I shared a destiny .
tr	NN	" He has no claim on you yet .
tr	NN	He hid a yawn behind the book in his hand and nodded toward the empty room .
tr	NNS	Ajax did not notice the new arrivals , but Winston drew confidence from their presence .
tr	NNS	Someone blew out the candles , and we like , scattered .
tr	NN	Disturbed and disgusted by the waste , Alec tossed the katana into one of the Dumpsters and exited back out to the street .
tr	NNS	He pointed out the different numbers .
tr	NN	They began digging the inside of the circle down about three feet until it was all level .
tr	NNS	" I 've done some simulations .
tr	NN	" Besides , I have an appointment with a shrink . "
tr	NNS	My fingers punched the numbers on the keypad .
tr	NNS	" Would it kill a deer in the same way ? "
tr	NNS	They fired their engines in reverse , space slowed down , and they were once again in normal space .
tr	NNS	Instead , he would bag his items with haste and scurry to the car .
tr	NN	" Charles , darling , " she said , and was it my imagination , or did she sound a bit nervous ?
tr	NNS	Everyone finished their meals quickly then it was time for the business portion of the evening .
tr	NN	Replenishing the water supply .
tr	NN	" She told the nurse that she 'd come pick you up when you were released . "
tr	NNS	I had offices in Hong Kong , Shanghai , Tianjin - " He broke off as Charlotte tapped her fingers impatiently on the desk .
tr	NNS	She abandoned her utensils , blotted her mouth with her cloth napkin and then knotted her fingers in her lap .
tr	NNS	Derek was still making strange noises , his chair pounded up and down on the floor as he tried to hop it further away from them .
tr	NN	If you 're right and this is a small piece of something bigger , we 'll find the proof and we 'll stop the bastard responsible .
tr	NNS	Giants with only a single eye centered on their foreheads wielded clubs , growling and fighting amongst themselves .
tr	NN	I 'd done my daily duty by showing up for at least a half hour to an hour each day .
tr	NN	Hal had shared her pregnancy as intimately as any person could , and she needed him to be with her .
tr	NN	Mum took the menu and started to compare the different pizzas .
tr	NN	" Great Harvester , hear our prayer .
tr	NN	But he didn 't understand their willingness to extend that hatred to an innocent woman .
tr	NN	That certainly caused an uproar .
tr	NNS	He notices the pockets at this side so he slides his hands inside .
tr	NN	One morning Taylor pulled back the tarp that had covered the engine for all this time .
tr	NNS	The bookstore encompassed the first and second floors of a three-storey house that stood on one of the villages smaller side streets .
tr	NNS	" Let 's finish up six more tissue samples and then we can regroup . "
tr	NN	Toby only flexed his knuckles and looked around glaringly .
tr	NN	She recognized the station wagon .
tr	NN	His hand reached the hilt of his sword and he drew the blade slowly , quietly , bringing it up and laying it to his breast .
tr	NN	You have no proof of how Storm died , nor the slightest prospect of getting any . "
tr	NNS	I see the insides of my eyelids , as I sit there , in paralysis .
tr	NN	He eyed a topiary fashioned into a griffon .
tr	NNS	I ground my palms into my eyes , waiting for the awful picture to clear .
tr	NNS	" You burn metals too ? "
tr	NNS	All wore crisp white lab coats .
tr	NN	He sets the rifle on the roof and sights down it .
tr	NN	Iona responded hungrily , tongue tangling his , lips bruising , mouth opening to take him .
tr	NNS	Ryan pulled out some new endorsement contracts that could have waited .
tr	NN	" Don 't you get the urge to walk the hills and forest again ? "
tr	NNS	He rubs his palms together .
tr	NN	I protested the speculation that he had any ability at all .
tr	NN	" I did some digging into the company 's history and found some interesting details .
tr	NNS	He 's been throwing daggers over here since we arrived .
tr	NN	She heard a release , and the drawer opened .
tr	NNS	His friends might have drawn a few conclusions about the relationship , conclusions that Judy herself might have implied .
tr	NN	Those on board then hauled Jeremy topside .
tr	NN	He had a hunch as he and three of his Hunters sat in front of the last house Eva occupied .
tr	NN	He took my other nipple into his mouth , sucking even more roughly .
tr	NNS	Like say , hmm ... your fathers .
tr	NN	The superconducting computer required a radically new technology , and a new range of low temperature construction materials .
tr	NN	He had not heard the phrase before , but understood its meaning instantly .
tr	NN	All of them wore the blue and gray uniform with a utility belt around their waist .
tr	NN	Each of these has a private balcony with a sliding glass door that opens out onto the atrium .
tr	NNS	I set our coffees down on the table and sat in the chair while she opened the bag .
tr	NNS	" You cause butterflies . "
tr	NN	They skirted the knoll of the pyre and entered a gully which led onto open plain .
tr	NN	Forget that she 'd had grand hopes of finding said uncle .
tr	NN	Gwen set her fork down .
tr	NN	Amber laughed and said a phrase she 'd heard Lizzy repeat more than once .
tr	NN	He was wearing a plain white t-shirt with black athletic pants and looked very pissed off .
tr	NNS	Would any man make statues of him in days ahead or would his only likeness be in the crypts of Blackstone Castle ?
tr	NN	" Alice , Rebecca , and I. Rebecca had a massive stroke .
tr	NNS	Others have lost their whole families , many of whom were not even for our cause .
tr	NN	" Milady called for a bath , then demanded privacy . "
tr	NN	I could almost see the closet , full to overflowing .
tr	NN	He had been given a task , and he would fulfill it .
tr	NNS	He took my wineglass , setting it on the floor next to his .
tr	NNS	I mean , he had visions in soup , for goodness sake !
tr	NN	Coming to terms with the fact that whatever injuries might befall Chris , he would rather endure a similar fate than abandon his best friend .
tr	NNS	A circle in the middle of the room had two open chairs .
tr	NN	She closed the menu .
tr	NNS	They had no cattle , mostly chicken , sheep and fish with a spattering of other animals .
tr	NN	He had only one option and he paused with a shocked look on his face .
tr	NN	Karma pulled a gem from the bag of supposedly forgiven misdemeanours .
tr	NN	" I 've asked the chef to make apple pie for the American here . "
tr	NN	I stuffed the napkin in my pocket and left the café .
tr	NNS	Sean shouldered past Andrea to the spot where he 'd seen the Fae .
tr	NNS	It reads palms , see ? "
tr	NNS	His heart rate kicked up several notches .
tr	NN	The patrolmen simply came down the stairwell and swept each level in turn with flashlight beams .
tr	NN	I beg your pardon ?
tr	NNS	I expected requests for riches , clouds and other tangible items .
tr	NNS	The woman laid out the cards with a slow solemnity and smiled at Noah .
tr	NNS	" But why only the Syrians have raised the prices ? "
tr	NN	Nic splashed my butt with alcohol , and I nearly jumped out of the tub .
tr	NN	" You have a flair for the dramatic , Mrs. Quest .
tr	NNS	She rinsed the dishes , put them in the dishwasher , and wiped down the already clean counter .
tr	NNS	" Do not speak , " Kelly warned Tess .
tr	NNS	They proved my instincts right .
tr	NN	I share the duty of all soldiers . "
tr	NN	" You had a stroke . "
tr	NN	I said ' a god ' - as in one of fourteen .
tr	NN	They 'd set a great example for their children .
tr	NNS	They make houses from cow dung and grass . "
tr	NN	He wanted the house specialty ?
tr	NNS	We have utilized solutions such as cloud seeding which are indeed expensive in solving our town 's agricultural predicament .
tr	NN	" What clan are you from ? "
tr	NN	I took the receiver and said , " Hello , Major Walters . "
tr	NN	" So ... Now can I have some candy ? "
tr	NNS	" You have gorgeous tits .
tr	NNS	Madison tossed her coppery ringlets as she frowned at a chip on one manicured nail .
tr	NNS	We can 't get oil shipments up the Ohio River .
tr	NNS	He loved her strength , he loved her coldness .
tr	NN	Getting back to work I clicked open a silver briefcase on the bed beside me and brought out the first piece of my surveillance equipment .
tr	NN	In seconds his tongue had invaded her mouth and swirled insistently around hers .
tr	NN	Ariella scanned the menu .
tr	NN	He didn 't follow her meaning .
tr	NN	A stone fireplace took up the entirety of one wall .
tr	NN	He settled his powerful frame into the seat and clasped his hands in his lap .
tr	NNS	" Hey , " Ben said , " we don 't need any more cats ! "
tr	NN	You will have the privacy of a stateroom for the crossing and a guard to escort you . "
tr	NN	" Wearing a gang vest ? "
tr	NN	And yet , some still speak regretfully of the royals who left , bearing the blood of the First Returned to their highlands . "
tr	NNS	" Do I hear five hundred dollars ?
tr	NNS	" They shouldn 't miss classes .
tr	NNS	He bolted up the bleachers for the locker room .
tr	NN	To assert their national heritage ?
tr	NN	He 's designed a new trident for you . "
tr	NN	Schuyler much preferred this style to the other .
tr	NNS	He pulled the briefs up , and she thought she heard herself sigh .
tr	NNS	We 've still got two armies waiting out there .
tr	NN	" Fitzpatrick , get your butt over here ! "
tr	NNS	As he spoke , he traced his thumbs over my pulse points .
tr	NN	A tremor raced up my spine and pricked my scalp .
tr	NN	Okay , maybe they still do have some resemblance of common sense after all .
tr	NNS	This place gives me the creeps . "
tr	NN	The lead bug broke off the chase to avoid her shots , but she got a couple in , drawing more of its blood .
tr	NNS	" I saw the spray paint cans in a white trash bag by your curb this morning when I left .
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat .
tr	NN	" I 'll take a nice dry martini . "
tr	NNS	" I 'd not give bits of it away to anyone else .
tr	NN	" What do you want info on them for ?
tr	NN	Was she associating her uncle Duane with that day ?
tr	NNS	My footsteps were hollow and tinny against the cold linoleum floor , echoing the beats of my plunging heart .
tr	NN	They were investigating the possibility of foul play , and of course there 'd been foul play .
tr	NNS	Did you think only the lion snakes needed somebody to care about them ?
tr	NNS	There were humming birds flocking all around those chandeliers going for the weird flowers .
tr	NNS	" The idiot in the apartment above mine is having renovations done .
tr	NN	It only took one glimpse of him running his fingers through his hair before she recognized who it was .
tr	NN	Amelia slammed her knuckles against her chin .
tr	NNS	" A thousand dollars ? "
tr	NN	Subconsciously , I tugged the newsboy cap lower , shielding my face .
tr	NN	" Well , you must have really made an impression , stallion . "
tr	NN	She 'd more than felt the proof that he could .
tr	NN	They give the impression that a computer genius can access anything anywhere and find addresses for the police to raid .
tr	NN	It let out a terrible growl and shot out a terrible flash of red light from its eye .
tr	NN	Her mother had gone completely still , her eyes narrowing to thoughtful slits , her mouth slowly thinning into a smug little smile .
tr	NNS	His hoarse voice broke the stillness , " So , you finished her off , huh ?
tr	NNS	Now he has ships , or boats , as he calls them , all over the world .
tr	NN	He was carrying his own rod , the one with the fancy spinning reel from Monkey Ward .
tr	NN	Watching him approach made her pulse flutter .
tr	NNS	" Well , he finds apartment houses and commercial buildings for sale and flips them . "
tr	NNS	They prepared more domes and tunnels .
tr	NN	And Rush Callaghan fit her definition to a T. Still awake at midnight , Lindy bunched her pillow in half and rolled onto her stomach .
tr	NNS	They shoot you over there you do drugs .
tr	NN	" I can 't take credit for attempting shock therapy .
tr	NN	" You would lose your virginity to that guy ? "
tr	NN	A chill went down my spine .
tr	NN	" I 'm thinking mind-blowing . "
tr	NNS	Under the guise of adventure , fun and challenge it developed the skills and endurance of the participants .
tr	NN	He couldn 't believe his wife 's nonchalant attitude along with sudden dishonesty .
tr	NN	As soon as Katherine heard the elevator ding , she went digging .
tr	NNS	She saw large chunks of rock that had fallen from the roof , now strewn about the floor .
tr	NNS	Kevin bolted the court door behind them , set the balls and his racquet aside , and got Neil moving right away .
tr	NNS	Wolf scanned the eyes of the seated , they had all put their palms on the table .
tr	NNS	Whoever Lilly Ann asked for samples of crops or life stock brought their finest examples to donate their genetic codes .
tr	NN	He got a glimpse of his own reflection in the massive window and narrowed his eyes .
tr	NN	Rachel holds the towel to my skin .
tr	NN	The sight of him struck a chord deep in her ; she felt as though she were looking at herself .
tr	NN	" Maybe he 's poisoning the chocolate . "
tr	NNS	" Great , he 's up and moving along with the other wounded and wind tossed Primes from the Pit exhibition yesterday .
tr	NNS	' Did they mention drugs or any other illegal substance during this argument ? '
tr	NN	Eugenie adjusted the sash on her kimono without looking at him .
tr	NN	Voice that seduces , whispers and binds , I return the intent to thine own mind .
tr	NNS	I 'll wear the hides of your dogs . "
tr	NNS	I had my doubts about that , but I kept them to myself .
tr	NNS	He scanned the inside covers of the little book for some hint of the girl 's identity but found no name .
tr	NN	" I have surveillance video from last night on a flash drive in my pocket .
tr	NNS	Nothing like modern recording techniques on the neural chip .
tr	NN	They would take a marginally profitable electronics plant , shut it down , sell off its assets and develop the land for mixed residential and light commercial .
tr	NNS	" She carries twins . "
tr	NNS	Sunlight reflected off the daggers attached to his thighs , and I went for them .
tr	NNS	Tiffany recognized the worn coins .
tr	NNS	She has no powers . "
tr	NN	" I know , I know , " he conceded defeat , and contemplated the cold-blooded justice of cheap briefcase latches .
tr	NNS	She slammed both palms over the boulders , a sob welling up in her throat .
tr	NNS	" You saw the noble houses when the queen presented me , Doyle .
tr	NN	At the first meeting with the cast in August I had a very specific structure in mind .
tr	NN	We went out a handful of times over the period of a month or so and she has stalked me ever since .
tr	NN	Stepping in , she saw his briefcase on the floor beside the desk and a suit jacket over the back of his chair .
tr	NNS	He told Grubbs a while ago that he wanted to die on Earth when his time came .
tr	NNS	Cohen was lying just inches from me , his gaze locked on mine .
tr	NN	" I have a favor to ask of you instead . "
tr	NNS	If the rune is used successfully , the Shadowhunter should see visions of the subject 's location .
tr	NN	Of course , his realization of that only compounded his discomfort .
tr	NNS	Aileen analyzed the ships , and the way they appeared , and concluded that they were coming from at least ten shipyards .
tr	NNS	Even from this distance , she could see the laser brightness of the demon 's eyes and hear the malevolence in his voice .
tr	NN	But she could not make out the design .
tr	NNS	When I couldn 't reach Raja , I hacked the security cameras on the street .
tr	NNS	The ME will have the autopsy reports over in the crime lab archives -- I 've already put in a call .
tr	NNS	The orb in my hands lit up the bleak red stained tunnels .
tr	NN	Mom replaced the painting onto the easel .
tr	NNS	The sight of the security guard peering around the corner of the shelf also raised her suspicions once more .
tr	NN	His eyes exemplified the true meaning of vacuity .
tr	NN	" Yeah , well , we need proof .
tr	NN	She could feel the slime seeping in between her toes .
tr	NN	Off the cocaine now , and doing very well . "
tr	NNS	I have experienced firsthand your powers of persuasion . "
tr	NNS	He arranged the plates on the table and pulled out her chair .
tr	NN	Even if he didn 't see my face , he could have seen my brand .
tr	NNS	She had no unreasonable expectations , just a hard , cold business arrangement to save Brannigan 's .
tr	NN	" You want the short version or the long version ? "
tr	NNS	The red streaks had turned ugly purple .
tr	NN	In a matter of seconds we were watching high resolution colored video of Bridget Dean working behind her desk in her office .
tr	NN	I held up the newest slasher flick and he gave me a look of playful disapproval .
tr	NN	Selena stared , her face void of expression .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you get brownie points by helping my sister or nephew , because you 're so good at that ?
tr	NN	Carrie put her bouquet next to Wendy 's , edging up to sit on the edge of the counter where I had been seated moments before .
tr	NNS	I have fears about what happened .
tr	NN	He took a towel that was still fairly white and had a hotel emblem etched into its cloth .
tr	NNS	" May you have many healthy babies . "
tr	NNS	When Billy saw Jo , he threw down his cards and ran over to her .
tr	NNS	She was just on the street , monsieur , looking panicked and lost . "
tr	NNS	Then she would tell the doctors that who she was was not herself because she was really someone who died over three hundred years before .
tr	NNS	I pushed the covers off of me without thinking .
tr	NN	' And I will make one last plea to the banks for help . '
tr	NNS	The mud traced his movements like a trail of bread crumbs .
tr	NNS	I have very interesting skills , but I put them to use in a way this is damaging to society . "
tr	NN	In December 2000 she married Jon Read , NASA " rocket scientist " and martial artist , and moved to Texas .
tr	NN	The class discussed the meaning of being made new and God 's forgiveness .
tr	NNS	He 'd stated his terms , and I either met them , or he walked .
tr	NNS	The guys popped open cans of beer while Meg handed out sandwiches .
tr	NNS	" Did any of them ever smoke cigarettes regularly ? "
tr	NNS	We still had three chances to find and kill our deadly foe , so our quest continued .
tr	NN	He took one red tipped nipple into his mouth , sucking the bud in deep .
tr	NN	Her voice holds more sorrow than I could feel in a thousand lifetimes .
tr	NNS	The Most High ruled the heavens .
tr	NNS	You 'll find the boards by the horse corral .
tr	NN	He had learned patience and achieved his dreams .
tr	NNS	" And quit baring your fangs at me .
tr	NN	" I do a little amateur boxing on the weekends .
tr	NN	I had a glimpse of the eternity of heaven , that has been the dream of the mystic and the ascetic .
tr	NNS	The breeze rustled the tall blades of grass that stretched across the back yard to the woods .
tr	NNS	" You don 't tell tales of other people .
tr	NN	I simply said a sophisticated version of it .
tr	NN	Joseph grabbed the rifle from Simon .
tr	NN	" Wait - " The touch of his tongue cut off her shocked protest with an intense burst of sensation .
tr	NN	I use the Jag , Mother the MG , Carter the Bentley .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't make out tracks , but the plants were trampled .
tr	NNS	Ryder flashed his fangs .
tr	NN	She twisted off the cap to her beer and drank deeply from it .
tr	NNS	Years of practicing had honed her skills .
tr	NN	While Matt was talking baseball with Kyle 's brother , he caught a glimpse of Ava standing in the back of the room alone .
tr	NNS	I replaced the photographs in their sleeves and put the album back where I 'd found it .
tr	NN	When will y ' head out par your sibling ? "
tr	NN	She understood the horse 's reluctance as they approached a stone wall that would require nothing more than a few steps to breach .
tr	NN	" Gareth crested a more northern ridge , in my line of sight , but his eyes were only on the battle .
tr	NNS	" I have contacts , and I 've learned a significant amount myself , through doing the blog .
tr	NN	" Earlier , I mentioned an ongoing intelligence operation designed to secure proof of the cargo .
tr	NN	Holding the pitcher in both hands so that he wouldn 't drop it , he took a mouthful of water .
tr	NNS	Much as she wanted to rage at fate for sending crummy weather ahead of time , authentic survival situations didn 't promise ideal weather conditions , either .
tr	NN	" For one second , forget basketball . "
tr	NN	And who else would take her horseback riding in one of the most beautiful places in the world ?
tr	NNS	Carol wasn 't taking any new patients for obvious reasons .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , we found his faith " - he paused meaningful y - " inconsistent .
tr	NN	She wouldn 't contemplate that possibility .
tr	NNS	How could they discuss peace terms , knowing they were now inferior to vampires , for ever at risk ?
tr	NN	I raise one shoe above my head before smashing it to the ground .
tr	NN	For Sunshine 's happiness , he had crossed a god who was sure to make him suffer even worse horrors than those in his past .
tr	NNS	They lay inches apart , turned toward each other on their sides .
tr	NNS	And you and I can 't have all our dates on your roof .
tr	NN	" It just gave me a fright .
tr	NN	Three devastating seconds later , her body landed facedown in a pile of fresh , powdery snow .
tr	NNS	" He 's got mega issues . "
tr	NNS	He patted the pockets of his jacket and sighed .
tr	NNS	They 'd have given me nightmares if I hadn 't ended their existence myself .
tr	NN	I actually considered the possibility that I might have a shot at something good and then it turns out that it 's virtually impossible .
tr	NNS	She needed blue butterflies and the sounds of sheep and the big empty skies .
tr	NNS	People always underestimated her abilities .
tr	NNS	" With moving targets and deflection angles . "
tr	NN	A shiver ran down his spine at the sight of his daughter 's name .
tr	NN	" You would never disobey your Queen .
tr	NNS	He gave her the thumbs up .
tr	NNS	The sparkling plates held dewy fruits and savory cakes .
tr	NNS	I could ( as others have done ) make millions of dollars by altering the facts in order to give the public what they want to hear .
tr	NN	Preston gathered his small collection and stuffed it into a couple of travel bags .
tr	NNS	It may affect our operations .
tr	NN	Then I heard her moan . "
tr	NNS	He let out a hiss of discomfort as he rose , unsteady on his feet .
tr	NNS	' We have certain suspicions , and with your previous experience we think you could be just the right person to investigate the situation . '
tr	NNS	Suddenly , that slightly see-through partition between the bedroom and the living area is giving me the creeps , like I can sense someone standing behind it .
tr	NNS	They had the suites in the hotel at the end of the veranda which were close to my own .
tr	NN	Kenna removed a thick steel dagger at her side -- her only weapon -- and handed it to the guards .
tr	NN	He made a very nice presentation , if he said so himself .
tr	NNS	He snorts out water and breath every few strokes , but shows no sign of tiring .
tr	NN	Still ... Typing rapidly , Painter entered the final code to activate .
tr	NNS	" Those last two numbers again ? "
tr	NN	He 'd seen that fury all too often in his dad , especially of late , a belligerence born of dementia and fear .
tr	NN	You have a duty to the Guardians .
tr	NNS	She hated one-word responses .
tr	NNS	is echoing off the rafters .
tr	NN	" So what will your men think , when they pull extra duty because you had a bad dream ? "
tr	NNS	In reality she was watching Gladys ' reactions from the corner of her eye .
tr	NN	His face regained its seriousness after he had read its contents .
tr	NNS	" She 's making necklaces now .
tr	NN	His deep raspy voice sent a tingling sensation that flowed down to her toes .
tr	NN	The scent of her blood made his hunger that much worse .
tr	NN	I wanted honesty , not perfection .
tr	NN	" So he provides a remedy for your rightful passions .
tr	NN	Pipes running everywhere , overpressure vents , gauges , fly wheels , and thin metal handrails circled the complex .
tr	NN	Seems Mr. Realm has gone off the grid since then , but he 's not really allowed to do that , you see .
tr	NN	You are creating your destiny and bringing your fate to you .
tr	NNS	I spread my empty palms to the sky .
tr	NN	" I have the laser back in order .
tr	NNS	But how to travel those last few inches ?
tr	NNS	They ordered some sausages and the spiced creamy mashed potato on the bottom .
tr	NN	" I have a confession . "
tr	NNS	She held out her palms .
tr	NNS	He retrieved his boxers while she wrapped the sheet around her body , toga style .
tr	NNS	Unbeknownst to Royce , once out of sight , Beatrice changed directions .
tr	NN	She recalled an incident several years ago , when Current Control was still undersea in a Merman compound .
tr	NN	" But you 've given us an introduction we would never have dreamed possible . "
tr	NNS	After a brief rest , Banks threw high balls to the upper corners of the goal .
tr	NNS	What talents do you possess ? "
tr	NNS	He checked his data , then hit a red release button .
tr	NN	It highlighted the audio file but didn 't open it .
tr	NN	In his well pressed , brown striped , double breasted suit and hat set at a rakish angle , Foxy presented a sharp contrast to the crowd .
tr	NNS	This usually meant writing reports on things like the history of softball .
tr	NNS	Cow and pig blood satisfy your cravings . "
tr	NNS	Perhaps some cracked ribs .
tr	NN	Blake lifted his fork and started eating again .
tr	NNS	He noticed the ceiling cameras at once and hoped that Dryden was in his office watching him right at that moment .
tr	NN	' Where do they acquire this substance ? '
tr	NN	I did not actually acquire the name Grey , until the late Middle Ages , when I regained my father 's title .
tr	NNS	I felt the roaches on my spine again .
tr	NNS	More disturbing , the vampires had come together , whispering , their pale faces venomous , full of hate .
tr	NNS	Fathers always have the highest expectations for their children .
tr	NN	She watched the fire leap higher in his eyes when her legs parted , and it made her even wetter .
tr	NNS	" We were just discussing possible motives . "
tr	NNS	There are sailing ships on all the Great Lakes .
tr	NN	She cut her toe on a shell in the pavement .
tr	NN	" Shall we hunt down a dragon tomorrow ?
tr	NN	I had the impression she had done her best not to be noticed .
tr	NNS	He pulls his black goggles back down over his eyes and then stands smiling for a moment with his fists against his sides .
tr	NN	The emperor took the man 's rifle and set it upon the table .
tr	NN	" Use the powder ; then you 'll know . "
tr	NN	What harm could it do ?
tr	NNS	Time and space render such concepts difficult to comprehend .
tr	NN	So how could she make an exception for Reuben ?
tr	NNS	He knew the dimensions in his head ; he had viewed it on the computer many times .
tr	NN	He wore his crown and royal cape , looking very much the part .
tr	NN	" Why aren 't you wearing any jewelry ? "
tr	NNS	At first glance , I only saw the masked figures that were holding their guns at their sides , but then I glimpsed that frightening white smile .
tr	NN	He has an important task that day , something to do with their finances .
tr	NNS	" I 'm taking the dogs for a walk . "
tr	NN	" My family owns this hellhole . "
tr	NN	I had the strangest sensation of falling apart and coming back together again as his warm body settled over top of mine .
tr	NNS	I yank my powers back instantly , but it is too late .
tr	NNS	I 'll make arrangements with a dairy for the milk and you can look for suppliers for the other ingredients .
tr	NN	I dodged Bob 's overeager advance toward me .
tr	NNS	If our business isn 't successful we can 't feed our families .
tr	NNS	Rain pelted the sidewalks , and pedestrians darted past like darkened blurs with newspapers and briefcases held overhead .
tr	NNS	" Well then , that 's living arrangements sorted .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths and arched her neck to stare up at the tall ceiling , at least what she could see of it .
tr	NN	" Oh , I just had a run-in ... with the floor . "
tr	NNS	Her heart skipped several beats when he looked down at her and smiled .
tr	NN	Take Melissa 's advice and make him so miserable that he wouldn 't be able to avoid her .
tr	NN	One burly man sported a furry vest .
tr	NNS	Oliver tossed coins on the table .
tr	NN	It had a different quality to it .
tr	NN	The way that single kiss held my thoughts long after my head hit my pillow that night .
tr	NNS	I don 't like classrooms . "
tr	NNS	He caused the waters to pool together .
tr	NN	I started my climb up towards the open grate .
tr	NNS	" Clear your numbers !
tr	NN	Her eyes followed the descent of a lone seagull gliding in the sky , then swooping low and finally disappearing below the cliff edge .
tr	NN	Mrs. Goodwin sets her letter opener down .
tr	NN	I put a candle under my oil warmer , dripped in some rose geranium , and went to work .
tr	NN	He spun the knob on the window crank .
tr	NNS	Anyone can go thirty yards .
tr	NN	Then in the morning I can bring my wagon and take the boat back .
tr	NN	Sky had never felt that same urge .
tr	NNS	You will take your meals and live in this house .
tr	NN	Charlotte let out an excited whoop .
tr	NN	" I set aside a video for you . "
tr	NNS	" All appropriate descriptions . "
tr	NNS	They were exactly mimicking each other 's actions .
tr	NNS	" Ah , that explains the missing cups . "
tr	NN	I threw the banana at him , and he crossed his arms , making the fruit ricochet to the floor .
tr	NNS	Maybe I was not revealing my suspicions about things outside of the natural , but that was because I did not want to be labeled crazy .
tr	NNS	She had cut her losses and abandoned him .
tr	NNS	You can call your folks or get another ride .
tr	NNS	Like rain , washing my fears away .
tr	NNS	Elissa typed in a few more numbers before replying .
tr	NNS	But Kennedy wasn 't taking any chances with his children .
tr	NN	Since she loved walking through the snow , she didn 't fight the option .
tr	NNS	' All of these suggested changes and corrections ? '
tr	NNS	When he smiled , he got little creases around his eyes , making them light up with emotion , and the most adorable dimples formed .
tr	NNS	Dham rubs at his knee absently .
tr	NN	As befits a person dedicated to thinking in a correct and logical fashion , she approached the task in a careful and orderly manner .
tr	NNS	Once inside , Buddy grabbed the wheels and maneuvered himself around the room .
tr	NN	She has been writing poetry and prose since grade school and has won several contests .
tr	NN	" I need girl advice . "
tr	NNS	The thought of the possibility of not getting any food brought the teens back to reality .
tr	NN	We finish the pizza anyway , looking at the black bottle .
tr	NNS	" I hate these uniforms .
tr	NN	His eyes were watching the Emperor carefully , as though to see how far he might go on his own .
tr	NNS	We 'd have two kingdoms .
tr	NNS	" You allowed criminals and vagrants to flood the streets of our city ? "
tr	NN	Cassandra would give Phoebe credit .
tr	NN	Andrew gave a dismissive flick of his fingers .
tr	NNS	I have priorities and so should you . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't be sorry , just don 't step backwards . "
tr	NNS	Kat and Chris were playing cards when they entered .
tr	NN	" He gave a little opening speech . "
tr	NNS	" I help the patients on my floor . "
tr	NNS	Teresa had two operations already to repair the damage from the " car accident , " which was the official story .
tr	NN	The knots offered no resistance .
tr	NN	I enjoyed Brodie 's pained groan and the way his hands ran all over my buttocks and thighs , as if he couldn 't stop touching me .
tr	NNS	He made deliveries in the neighborhood on Mondays and he always knocked on my door if he saw I was there .
tr	NNS	Sure , I might have dates in the future , but they sure as hell wouldn 't be with her .
tr	NN	A tear rolled over the ridge of her nose and dropped onto the pillow .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , I enjoyed my subjects .
tr	NNS	Hell , I wrote those regulations and even I couldn 't have told you that . "
tr	NN	You can have one thrall . "
tr	NNS	They were both wearing dirty suits .
tr	NNS	She saw the dragons at the last minute , dashing to the side as five of them landed .
tr	NN	I took pity on him and went .
tr	NNS	If you exceed the time limit , then you receive zero points .
tr	NNS	Marion gently touched the soft , supple scales .
tr	NNS	Proceeding up the short staircase , he finds the remains of what must have been thought to be an impassable door .
tr	NNS	" Right , good old store bought meals .
tr	NNS	The woman inspected all points of her visual map : North , South , East and West .
tr	NNS	she snapped viciously , like an animal defending food .
tr	NN	Jason let out a groan and directed his uncle toward his car .
tr	NNS	" Well , I 'd expect a little more politeness if that 's the case . "
tr	NN	- She made a dramatic announcement .
tr	NN	On the way out , she grabbed Ivy 's baby monitor and clipped it to her pocket .
tr	NN	Bill reached the sailboat .
tr	NN	Don 't make an example of him .
tr	NNS	It had heavy knobbly tracks like a tank .
tr	NNS	" They only have babies .
tr	NNS	" My mom likes women doctors .
tr	NN	Giang , use that sponge .
tr	NN	The small Embraer Legacy business jet taxied down the private runway .
tr	NN	They ran another block along the road and turned down an alley into a warren of small shops .
tr	NNS	Books filled the room 's many shelves .
tr	NNS	He has classes in the morning . "
tr	NNS	Have they also been examining the phone numbers I dial on my mobile phone ?
tr	NNS	I slipped bits of chicken to Butch in my handbag .
tr	NNS	Looking up they saw the clouds breaking and shredding ; and then high in the south the moon glimmered out , riding in the flying wrack .
tr	NN	" You committed a carnal sin . "
tr	NNS	This one has brains .
tr	NN	Yet her mother 's death brought a finality that Mary Ellen was not prepared to face .
tr	NN	She gave no quarter and had no mercy .
tr	NNS	" No unauthorized persons can do spells . "
tr	NN	I left the stern and walked past the dozens of people milling about on the deck , still organizing things for our journey .
tr	NNS	Shaking herself awake , she led her cats to the kitchen where the boarded up window was a depressing reminder of the previous evenings events .
tr	NNS	" Chase , " Nixon barked , " make the arrangements . "
tr	NNS	How it tickled the hairs on the back of my neck .
tr	NNS	Both men had finished their meals and now seemed impatient .
tr	NN	These children face kidnapping or death if we do not act .
tr	NN	" Her eyes followed the bubble when you were casting the last transportation spell . "
tr	NNS	Covered sidewalks connected the buildings .
tr	NNS	" Look , she even organized my desk supplies by alphabet .
tr	NNS	Ken was already there hitting balls on the practice range .
tr	NNS	Did you check his references ? "
tr	NN	• • • Tammie wipes the steamy condensation from the mirror and studies her reflection .
tr	NNS	Each of you has different strengths . "
tr	NN	I climbed the short wooden staircase , which squeaked beneath my feet , and peeked inside .
tr	NN	He snatched up the pen and the forms .
tr	NN	After a half hour had passed , Emma could feel her swing getting stronger and her footwork no longer resembling that of a headless chicken .
tr	NNS	But I 've had some distractions .
tr	NN	He sprinted down the final stretch of road careful to check every direction .
tr	NN	He had his passport and boarding card in his hand when his phone rang .
tr	NNS	I will protect my sisters with my life .
tr	NN	The Wizard gave him a rising gesture with his hand , which Percival took as his cue .
tr	NNS	He left the dogs at his place and used Callie 's key to let himself quietly into her loft .
tr	NN	I earned a punishment for doing this , so suck it up and take it .
tr	NN	Was hanging around Maya so much having an effect on him ?
tr	NNS	I have also heard the reports .
tr	NN	" You need a favor ? "
tr	NN	The serious tone in his voice removed all the lingering hormones swimming in her body .
tr	NN	She found a crowbar in the belly of an old wheelbarrow and made her way back to the main building .
tr	NN	Her eyes ran up and down his lean frame .
tr	NNS	How could she , when John had blessed her with three handsome , wonderful sons ?
tr	NNS	I follow his directions .
tr	NN	I give her fingers a gentle squeeze before she snatches her hand back .
tr	NN	Oh , he 'd never cause her physical harm .
tr	NN	First she was imagining an intruder in the house when there was no one there , now she was imagining the scent of Derek 's cologne .
tr	NN	My birthday hat was really creating an impression , just like I knew it would .
tr	NN	It had no effect on the blight . "
tr	NN	She passed her licensing exam with five errors when the total errors allowed were 50 .
tr	NN	' I was promised my own lab and as many research assistants as I wanted .
tr	NN	He was wearing a strappy undershirt underneath .
tr	NN	Rebecca feels a familiar tightening in her stomach , as though the cord that once joined them is still there , invisible but no less powerful .
tr	NNS	She switched tracks and hit play .
tr	NN	On der other hand ... a dwarf wouldn " t know one troll from another , right ?
tr	NN	You want pity because she stirred up your hunger and you lost control ?
tr	NNS	" Have no fears .
tr	NNS	And another pair of slippers -- a hike that far would require two pairs .
tr	NN	I had caught the glimpse of a white wake coming towards us .
tr	NN	His search had yielded no success , until now .
tr	NN	Even though I was intrigued , the effect of the long spin overpowered my urge to stay up all night reading .
tr	NNS	Why would you spend millions of dollars buying controlling stock in this company ? "
tr	NNS	Once he had fought the invisible ties that bound him .
tr	NN	He gathered his backpack from the kitchen table .
tr	NN	Frankie gave her a mock salute .
tr	NN	Trevor and I have some surprising info .
tr	NN	" I can satisfy that hunger of yours . "
tr	NNS	I take the cards and shuffle them up .
tr	NN	" You have a pen ? "
tr	NNS	I could tell him all my suspicions .
tr	NNS	Blessed church candles and soil from consecrated ground .
tr	NNS	His father Quintus was inside overseeing the other workers .
tr	NNS	The coffee smell invaded my senses before the Starbucks came into view .
tr	NNS	The man needed her legal skills to help him gain his fortune .
tr	NNS	From alongside her father , Reese mirrored her friend 's movements .
tr	NNS	Perhaps some part of him had recognized her all those centuries ago and that was why he had been so certain she existed .
tr	NN	I 'd just given my virginity to Jake Caplin and he 'd just given everything to me too .
tr	NN	Above the vault . "
tr	NNS	In his mortal guise , with no odor to betray him , he could slip right past Alec .
tr	NN	" Without success . "
tr	NN	I pulled the curtain back farther and pressed my forehead against the cool glass .
tr	NNS	" You mean the scents ?
tr	NN	I found a cloth in my pack and wiped down my spikes , gauntlets , and axe while I let the anger drain out of me .
tr	NNS	They weren 't wearing their fireproof suits , but they were all heavily armed .
tr	NNS	I roamed the halls , searching for Sofia .
tr	NNS	The thick feel of him holding her , even like this , made her breathless .
tr	NN	I have some peanut butter and jelly , though .
tr	NN	Holiday slapped her pen onto the desk .
tr	NNS	A law firm down the street had just given pink slips to thirty-five associates .
tr	NN	" Always wanting their honey . "
tr	NN	It was such a part of him , he had forgotten the joy of it .
tr	NN	" And one of the crocodiles took a nip at my leg .
tr	NN	" I will not have any leverage held over me .
tr	NNS	I don 't have a million dollars . "
tr	NNS	" He paid me a million dollars to be his fiancé for six weeks .
tr	NN	Paul sliced his steak , deep in thought .
tr	NNS	" And he transferred the funds from his own accounts for me to cover her fees . "
tr	NNS	And we have snakes and alligators living in the Edisto River , which runs right nearby .
tr	NN	Astrid , completely off her guard , gave the child a small pat .
tr	NNS	Josephine couldn 't see any marks on her so she wondered how she 'd died .
tr	NN	The thought came unbidden .
tr	NNS	It only took a few strokes of his fingers to bring forth the telltale dampness that let him know she was aroused .
tr	NNS	Shut off the engines . "
tr	NN	Then he pulled a rag from his back pocket and made her blow her nose .
tr	NN	He 'd ditched his one boot , and stood barefoot in the sand , in only his combat pants .
tr	NNS	How much ice cream do we have in the freezer ? "
tr	NN	The panicked waving as he disappeared into the hull gave the entirely opposite impression he 'd been aiming for .
tr	NNS	And the trees around the barn held a dozen Crows .
tr	NN	They 'll learn every detail I need to know about you . "
tr	NN	Beneath it she wore only a simple fitted camisole with a tie in the front .
tr	NN	He saw the pup out of the corner of his eye and heard a throaty growl .
tr	NNS	I preferred my own knives , because that way I knew they hadn 't been dipped in something harmful .
tr	NNS	The room had several plush , oversized chairs in a dark blue color that matched the ocean outside .
tr	NNS	He must have progressed up the ranks of the police with unusual speed to have become an inspector by the time I first met him .
tr	NN	She leveled a sinister glare at Grayson .
tr	NN	I put a little shampoo in my hand and work up a lather .
tr	NNS	I bought a dozen white roses with the money I took from Mom 's purse and placed them in a vase buried in the ground .
tr	NN	And Grant , he who could play the fiddle and the concertina , and I can 't make myself believe those fingers will move no more .
tr	NNS	We swapped business cards , I paid the check , and we walked outside .
tr	NNS	He hasn 't followed the directions of any god in thousands of years .
tr	NN	" Bring me a Bombay martini on the rocks with three olives . "
tr	NNS	" I 've done my chores . "
tr	NN	I had the pressing urge to sink down and rest my head on his knee .
tr	NNS	" Council members ! "
tr	NNS	He had spent centuries hunting the undead to keep his people as well as humans safe .
tr	NNS	Somewhere between the hotel elevator ride and the hallway walk to his door , he discovered his energy reserves abandoning him .
tr	NN	The vehicle 's siren gave a short whoop before the blue strobes lit up , bathing the alleyway in pulsating light .
tr	NNS	" Do you still play cards , Tribune ? "
tr	NNS	Frederick William , King of Prussia made attempts to establish trade and to colonize the area .
tr	NN	I wanted its location .
tr	NNS	Olivia jerked the handlebars to the right , and that was when she lost her barely-there control on the motorcycle .
tr	NNS	I made excuses to stay out until we finally came across what I 'd hoped to see .
tr	NNS	And the slaughterhouse buyer buys our cattle by bulk carcass weight .
tr	NNS	He pulled out a few blocks of hickory and stared at them in his palm .
tr	NN	Mikhail noticed a second-floor balcony to the right .
tr	NN	I don 't run a safe haven for wayward children and their pets . "
tr	NN	Maybe a castle , high walls and straight lines , and belonging in his own corner .
tr	NNS	" Well , goddammit , take appropriate measures .
tr	NNS	Courtney had knit a dozen pairs in the last year .
tr	NNS	" Catcher has bigger issues on his mind right now , Mer . "
tr	NN	" In the bedroom , please , " he told the waiter .
tr	NNS	" Nobody earns ten million dollars in six months , Clay .
tr	NN	I had the urge to close my eyes and stay in the moment , not thinking about anything else that had happened .
tr	NN	But , looking closer , Clint saw Tom 's red backpack squeezed between the tank and the wall behind it .
tr	NN	The solar panels will recharge the battery somewhat , but there 's nothing to tell the system to reboot .
tr	NN	Gray 's mouth took possession of hers , demanding that she hold nothing back .
tr	NNS	They took the twins to the park with another male . "
tr	NN	I 've some tidying to do . "
tr	NN	Colby cut off the muddled protest with a quick , hard kiss .
tr	NN	Song stood as still as a statue , her eyes flaming at the rushing creatures .
tr	NNS	They will summon more armies from afar , and they will try again .
tr	NN	This only enhanced the onlookers ' skepticism .
tr	NN	" Watch them for a minute , I 'm putting this in the truck , " he picked up the chainsaw and exited into the garage .
tr	NNS	Nick nodded fervently , not even trying to deny it .
tr	NN	She 's been raised a vegetarian .
tr	NN	" Royce won 't abide that haughty attitude of hers .
tr	NNS	I turned the windshield wipers on full .
tr	NNS	With each new tightening , the cables slithered a few inches upward through the bore holes , as if the men were raising an anchor .
tr	NNS	They slipped a few more drops from the bottle between her lips .
tr	NNS	Just take deep breaths and believe in the impossible . "
tr	NN	He has taken more responsibility within the team , and has a prejudice against Americans , after the loss of half his family .
tr	NN	He gave me a smirk and climbed up through the open door .
tr	NN	The image of Rachel wet , naked , in that shower was already making the tension flood through his body .
tr	NNS	I counted the tiles as I followed my dad and try to walk on every other tile without touching the grout lines .
tr	NN	She watered the plant and opened the blinds . "
tr	NN	Remembering that they were both already infected she lowered the pistol .
tr	NN	They don 't have the budget for it . "
tr	NN	She had another mouthful of tuna salad , which was excellent , packed with walnuts and celery and some kind of lemon spice .
tr	NNS	Maybe this marriage could have some unexpected benefits .
tr	NN	How would I solve this equation ?
tr	NN	Lily shook her head wearily without opening her eyes .
tr	NNS	She 'd pulled her long black braids off her face and wore workout tights and a tank .
tr	NN	Zeke stops pacing and turns toward us .
tr	NN	Tessa felt a ripple of deep satisfaction .
tr	NNS	I sank my fangs into my lower lip and growled low in my throat .
tr	NNS	" This team used recycled items to create trash bins instead of plastic .
tr	NNS	" He has powers of persuasion . "
tr	NN	I picked up a beetle and looked at it carefully ; it didn 't move .
tr	NN	However , she hid her reluctance and silently agreed .
tr	NN	Then the company declared bankruptcy within a month , and as a result she had no home , no savings and mounting legal bills .
tr	NN	" You 've hidden a code in it ? "
tr	NN	Samuel followed the package hungrily , his mouth hanging open .
tr	NNS	He placed five hundred dollars on her desk and began to whistle .
tr	NN	Bo retrieved the revolver , stepped over to him and stamped down hard on his left leg .
tr	NN	You could get dizzy and fall .
tr	NNS	' And you don 't have any secret powers ? '
tr	NNS	" I have no powers . "
tr	NNS	They lit candles and went on reading . "
tr	NNS	Hopefully we can locate her sisters before her mother banishes her from ever leaving the house again .
tr	NNS	Fresh from defending her to his suspicious family , he found doubts sneaking into his mind .
tr	NNS	I have no doubts about Dham .
tr	NNS	Mr. Morgan nodded adding , " And the Rifles . "
tr	NN	There was so much threatening her bid for freedom and Max was holding out safety from all of it .
tr	NN	My tongue slowly encircled each nipple , teasing , and nibbling as she moaned in my arms .
tr	NNS	I can still hear the hiss .
tr	NN	I had no inkling of whether what was going to happen would be good or bad ; just simply that something was going to happen .
tr	NNS	" Who knows , " replied Minty , " I overheard some chaps talking in the bar earlier .
tr	NN	Jaw clenched , he withdrew a clear vial from the air .
tr	NNS	But on this , he had no doubts .
tr	NN	She hadn " t bothered with sex since discovering that her fiance Edward had a revolving door to his bed .
tr	NNS	Leon ruffles the pages of the newspaper to grab the class ' attention .
tr	NN	Earlier this afternoon , he 'd neutralized Brianna 's resentment of him in just a few hours .
tr	NN	The thought came unbidden .
tr	NNS	Evan flicked the reins in a sort of dismissal .
tr	NN	And , above all , we have the element of surprise .
tr	NNS	Does anyone have any coins ? "
tr	NN	' Want some fish ? '
tr	NNS	" They only have a few coins , no jewels at all .
tr	NN	I recognized Cash , but I didn 't know the woman .
tr	NN	I was so thrown off kilter I went ahead and said , " I got the impression you never wanted either . "
tr	NN	" I 'll give you your privacy . "
tr	NN	" Now you 've got no fish to throw to the monster ! "
tr	NN	The rain pummelled even the hardened soil of the roads into a muddy swamp .
tr	NNS	We 've been up every night past midnight discussing the arrangements . "
tr	NNS	" You really do cover your tracks well .
tr	NNS	Standing up from her chair , she shrugs and turns the palms of her hands toward the sky .
tr	NNS	He left drugs in our hotel room .
tr	NN	I can 't handle the suspense .
tr	NNS	They have three sons . "
tr	NN	You can finally have that birthday cake you missed ! "
tr	NN	Cindy pulled a wad of cash from her back jeans pocket .
tr	NNS	Of course my dad had the CC contacts for this area in his cell phone .
tr	NNS	They have no leads . "
tr	NN	I could feel the lump forming in my throat and despite my attempt to refrain from crying , tears trickled down my cheeks .
tr	NN	Did you accomplish your task ? "
tr	NN	She set the swing in motion again with the tap of her toe , each creak , creak of the chain soothing her back into the moment .
tr	NNS	Despite his confident tone , he had doubts of his own .
tr	NN	A frisson of foreboding slithered down her spine .
tr	NNS	The Command and Control center was , in fact , a completely nondescript fifty three foot trailer parked several blocks from the warehouse .
tr	NN	I had no idea poetry was so uplifting !
tr	NN	I grip the bench in front of me .
tr	NNS	He braced his palms at her sides .
tr	NNS	I straightened a few chairs .
tr	NNS	He studied the shelves for a moment before pulling a nearly full bottle of Crown Royal down .
tr	NN	Sylva Cato gained her reputation early on as well .
tr	NN	Chris flicked a cigarette butt into the bushes outside before coming in .
tr	NN	Here lay row on row , pile on pile , of skulls .
tr	NNS	" But what animal only leaves the marks of two teeth ? "
tr	NN	Hopefully , the lass has learned her lesson . "
tr	NNS	" You see the wolves ? "
tr	NNS	She followed the directions to the ICU and was finally directed to the correct room .
tr	NNS	He put the crumpled and torn remains of Oliver 's present , along with his keys , onto the table .
tr	NNS	" As you can see , Luna has good instincts . "
tr	NNS	Chris fired two crossbows at once in an attempt to fend some more of them off .
tr	NNS	Amazingly , no other part of his body had any severe burns .
tr	NN	John 's flying lesson .
tr	NNS	I ignored the reactions of the others and absorbed my father 's approving gaze like a flower absorbs the rays of the sun .
tr	NNS	" I used my contacts to put pressure on the publication and got that reporter fired . "
tr	NNS	Part of his work while in New Orleans had been tracking the activities of one seriously scary bad cop .
tr	NN	" He manoeuvred the jeep around one bend after another .
tr	NNS	He parks several blocks away and walks the rest of the way on foot .
tr	NN	Grace winced as the woman collided into an invisible wall , the force pushed her backwards .
tr	NNS	He could date super models .
tr	NN	As he straightened , Clary caught a glimpse of his face under the hat .
tr	NN	She then began the sensation of falling , floating , and easing downward .
tr	NNS	He could hear Junior 's snarls as he ate .
tr	NN	' Give up , ' growled the immortal .
tr	NNS	The scent of warm , clean man filled her senses .
tr	NN	Kind of like a TV show pilot .
tr	NN	Now I took the lid off the pen and smiled .
tr	NNS	To infect him would be a tremendous boon to their forces , they would no longer need superior numbers to win .
tr	NNS	You have been thought dead these last few centuries . "
tr	NNS	Now , why don 't I get the babes ? "
tr	NN	I see another bot working in a steady cleaning pace when I stand inside the archway .
tr	NN	I grip the railing , ignoring the burn in my shoulder and watching the swamp , listening for footsteps crossing the deck of the airship .
tr	NN	Reaching around and beneath her , Brian cupped her cunt , groaning at how wet and swollen she was .
tr	NNS	So we used our mouths , our hands , and our bodies to say what both of us were too terrified to speak .
tr	NNS	Strikes of lighting illuminated the blackened heavens in quick flashes , and thunder rolled in the distance .
tr	NNS	" Our solar system only has four inner planets . "
tr	NNS	With their problems sorted out , the two carried their buckets on their shoulders and headed back to town .
tr	NN	Before she could ask , I added , " Brie set me up , Tucker made an example .
tr	NN	I grab my favorite aluminum bat from my bat bag and jog up to home plate .
tr	NN	" Appears a little bulletproof . "
tr	NN	" Like the liquor . "
tr	NN	But every once in a while , Mitchell would need an extra feeding .
tr	NNS	He allowed a few drops to splash into the beaker .
tr	NNS	Gretchen eyed my frustrated actions with visible amusement .
tr	NN	She shoved the menu into his hands .
tr	NN	Some of you I 've already had the privilege of having in my class before .
tr	NN	One soldier had a blue stripe on their arm ; a General .
tr	NN	At Dad 's request , I 'm taking two courses and an independent study this semester .
tr	NNS	He heard the passwords .
tr	NN	The weird kid and Jackson exchange a choreographed handshake .
tr	NNS	He needed my powers to deal with the unknown intruder .
tr	NN	He kissed the dashboard .
tr	NN	said the email , which clearly identified the sender as Mr. Noel .
tr	NN	She had his protection , but she was afraid it might come at the cost of her soul .
tr	NN	What the hel is Henry 's problem ?
tr	NN	He staggered down the trunk , supporting himself against the wall , not noticing the glowing chevrons indicating the way he needed to go .
tr	NNS	Before , he hadn 't recognized the emptiness , because he 'd been able to fill it with mind-numbing carousing and willing , if faceless , women .
tr	NN	Lauren wrapped the down comforter around her .
tr	NNS	From her tall palace balcony she saw buildings on fire from far away .
tr	NN	When he 'd finished , Alan stopped the recording .
tr	NN	Then I tore the tape off her mouth .
tr	NNS	Melissa had twins - T1 and T2 - in 1895 .
tr	NN	Against her thigh she could feel the white-hot brand of his heavy erection .
tr	NNS	They have their own facilities for washing and they do not excrete .
tr	NNS	But Sera couldn 't take any chances .
tr	NN	He was wearing a black vest that showed the smooth , hard muscles of his bare arms , and pants that looked like snakeskin .
tr	NN	I inspect the motorcycle closely liking the curves it has , and how the colors make it stand out .
tr	NN	When her gaze found his , Domenico made a slow killing gesture across his neck with a meaningful look at Jayme .
tr	NNS	He attacked his credentials .
tr	NNS	" You will confirm our titles and holdings in writing ?
tr	NN	He would need the respect of the kingdom and protecting the people while a war raged north of them would earn that respect .
tr	NNS	" How many aircraft do you think the air force still has flying that are older than 1985 ? "
tr	NNS	I can 't close my jaws .
tr	NNS	She pushed the stray hairs back behind her ear and followed when Josie took a sharp left to dodge the wash of a wave .
tr	NN	I had a duty to humanity , even if I barely represented it myself .
tr	NN	No one would see or hear his tantrum .
tr	NN	I don 't want her throne or her power .
tr	NNS	He spent his weekends around the house .
tr	NNS	" You have no rights as far as I 'm concerned ! "
tr	NN	She was wearing a crown with twelve stars on her head and the moon was under her feet .
tr	NN	Doug ignored the unwelcome shaft of guilt over his hidden agenda .
tr	NN	The pair had a talent for " discovering " vintage original film clips that had been lost since the 1930s .
tr	NN	Just the same , she kept her appointment with him a secret from everyone except Gabriella , her very best friend .
tr	NN	The setting sun turned the empty landscape deep red .
tr	NN	On the third grab to the right , I slid the trap under his paw .
tr	NNS	Alexander threw off the covers and shuffled into the shower .
tr	NN	" I 'd like a big , fat , juicy steak with scalloped potatoes and mixed veggies . "
tr	NN	He pictured that tide he had witnessed below , flowing away from that the earlier blast from Wright 's camp .
tr	NNS	They hadn 't been using any condoms during their time together .
tr	NN	I don 't want a lesson in theology at his expense .
tr	NN	But he accomplished his goal . "
tr	NNS	A few weeks in Wanaka pulling pints will restore your funds . "
tr	NNS	Imagine so many fountains that they can only be turned on one day a week or they would drain the river Seine .
tr	NN	And even as she started to imagine what London would be like , she felt a deep pang inside her chest .
tr	NN	She punched the pillow .
tr	NNS	You must submit your ships to a search .
tr	NN	She resisted the childish urge to wave .
tr	NN	I took a few deep , steadying breaths , to manage my anger .
tr	NNS	Casually , he surveyed the waters around the pier .
tr	NN	He had his lighter though .
tr	NNS	He pinches my nipples just hard enough , and I cry out as the first thundering shockwave of pleasure runs through me .
tr	NNS	I regained my senses when I couldn 't hear drops pelting the sidewalk anymore .
tr	NNS	" Most of these folks show classic , obvious suicides .
tr	NNS	I can see several bucks too far from me for a good shot .
tr	NN	Going off duty ? "
tr	NN	She gave a little shudder , and tried to remember herself .
tr	NNS	And the dwarfs really can make watertight tunnels ? "
tr	NNS	Grab a couple chairs and let 's get you a drink .
tr	NNS	Her eyes swept the masses , trying to pinpoint the source of her disquiet .
tr	NNS	" Like a few blocks away ... On Mason Road . "
tr	NNS	She stared at him now , her eyes deep emerald pools of mystery .
tr	NNS	He made a few adjustments .
tr	NNS	I could still hear the murmurs from across the room , but I couldn 't tell what they were saying .
tr	NN	Charles had done his duty , though ; I only saw a few dead humans among piles of ash .
tr	NN	" If you keep it up , you 'll have a breakdown .
tr	NN	It always had some logic behind it .
tr	NNS	It has all sorts of stores and more variety in terms of merchandise .
tr	NNS	Just because her processor isn 't functioning , doesn 't mean the data that stores her personality is gone .
tr	NN	She had no argument and felt anything else she said would make it worse .
tr	NNS	It ´ s constricting our movements .
tr	NN	He aggressively pulled down her gag .
tr	NN	" I saw your friend Bern .
tr	NNS	her mother shouted , her face only inches from Alexandra 's .
tr	NNS	' I 'm just following orders , ' said Rufus gruffly .
tr	NN	I like our dorm , and I like The Geezer .
tr	NN	He wants the punishment to fit the crime . "
tr	NN	The captain interrupts her speech to say , " Brace yourselves .
tr	NN	He bears a personal vendetta against the Empire for assaulting his hometown and killing his first love .
tr	NN	I can 't stifle my snort .
tr	NNS	Even if he did , taking both paths increases the chances of finding the hostages , and this was a priority .
tr	NN	The raw power in his tone and the controlled movement of his hand sent a shudder down her spine .
tr	NN	" I 've got the patience of a saint . "
tr	NN	Hutch had been half expecting the attorney to call back .
tr	NNS	I redouble my efforts , inching my way upward .
tr	NN	As I passed him , a strange shiver ran down my spine .
tr	NN	Then watching my dismay , " Well , you used the word might . "
tr	NNS	I was having my former assumptions handed to me on a plate .
tr	NNS	Were they feeding them experimental growth hormones ?
tr	NNS	" You have no powers !
tr	NN	Cade had no argument there .
tr	NNS	She 's written four novels and one non-fiction book Grief : The Great Yearning .
tr	NN	By the time I was buttoning my blouse the office was bright and airy and you could almost believe nothing had happened here .
tr	NN	Instead he grabbed the stranger 's rifle .
tr	NNS	We have mild winters , so we should finish a few weeks before Zoey ! "
tr	NN	He pulled a condom from his wallet and unwrapped it before moving over me .
tr	NN	" I forgot my umbrella . "
tr	NN	Caitlin could hear Bede snicker behind her .
tr	NNS	" Comparing campaign platforms and student government ? "
tr	NNS	If done right , we can seize all their assets , which total in the billions . "
tr	NNS	Purposely avoiding any thought of the ending to come , she batted her eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	Her eyes shot daggers into his , but she inclined her pretty head .
tr	NNS	There was no way I would tell her I had seven broken ribs , a punctured lung , and eleven stitches in one of my legs .
tr	NN	" Look Eugene , if you 're innocent , you don 't need a lawyer . "
tr	NN	Something hit my boot , so I looked down straight into a pair of eyes .
tr	NNS	" He fired two more shots here .
tr	NN	Karen lifted a lid and poked at the boiling potatoes inside with a fork .
tr	NN	" That would cause more negative publicity .
tr	NN	If you will elect to care for her , then we will add her pension to yours .
tr	NNS	He and my father have business meetings all day tomorrow .
tr	NN	He analyzed her affront for a long moment .
tr	NN	She gives it a gentle squeeze and my gaze connects with hers .
tr	NN	" I wouldn 't want the night nurse to be woken up by your shouting . "
tr	NNS	It took two attempts before I managed to stand , all four paws on the ground .
tr	NN	He pulled the GPS receiver from his belt .
tr	NN	She appreciated his discretion and almost envied him the older woman 's strength and love .
tr	NNS	He 's working wonders and keeping me from bankruptcy .
tr	NNS	As with the previous patrols , he was flying huge circuits as one of eight aircraft , which were in groups of four .
tr	NNS	Bobby and I have some meetings in L.A. " Which explained why Teri hadn 't said anything earlier .
tr	NN	We would set a trap for Theron and then spring it .
tr	NN	I would 've bet the farm against Goffman . "
tr	NNS	So consider the politics in my job .
tr	NN	Want a job painting ? "
tr	NNS	They all dropped their heavy packs in a ditch and covered them with snow .
tr	NNS	As a vacuum sucks dirt from a grimy rug , Benton sucks cheerfulness from a joyful person .
tr	NNS	I didn 't hear the wolves .
tr	NN	He touched the chocolate to her lips .
tr	NNS	Norman heard the crackle and hiss of radio communications , soft fragments of words he couldn 't make out .
tr	NNS	And there they were , at least twenty powerful Invictus wraith pairs .
tr	NN	I somehow haul the trunk down to my room without passing anyone .
tr	NNS	Hopefully they will have medical supplies as well , for my own stores of healing herbs are running dangerously low .
tr	NN	" He 's searching the world one port at a time for his true love . "
tr	NNS	I own half those cattle you 've taken .
tr	NN	Graham aimed the rifle , but the tiger had Kellerman pinned beneath him , Kellerman screaming as they grappled .
tr	NNS	He then gave the resulting tapes to his band mates to learn .
tr	NNS	She released the dogs on to the empty beach and ran along the shore after them , feeling the water-logged sand beneath her feet .
tr	NN	You really don 't have much leverage , little Shadowhunter .
tr	NN	" So you 've never heard the name Teresa before ? "
tr	NNS	" V lowers inhibitions .
tr	NNS	" I have a couple other numbers I can call , people who train the dogs with her .
tr	NNS	She cooked wonderful meals and nursed him whenever he needed it .
tr	NNS	" I 've made up the pamphlets , and they 've gone to the printers already . "
tr	NNS	A high fever can play all sorts of tricks .
tr	NN	Spencer climbed up a crumbling ridge to the front door .
tr	NNS	" Just tweaking a few last-minute assignments .
tr	NNS	Rachel swallowed a few bites and then asked for a take-out container .
tr	NN	She removed the basin , maneuvered a towel onto his pillow , and helped him slide back to his original position .
tr	NN	" Ted , thank goodness you called . "
tr	NNS	He already had offers from various biotech companies in D.C. .
tr	NNS	Did Pittsburgh have any Asian gangs ?
tr	NNS	The act pushed out his plates and made him resemble a bear deciding how to maul its prey .
tr	NNS	I poured all my fears into the kiss .
tr	NNS	The law firm of McDonald , Smith and Ward spanned two floors of the Chicago Tower .
tr	NN	I can 't finish that puzzle , but I can make things right with Mom .
tr	NN	She presently lacked the patience to continue with meaningless discourse when something important was afoot .
tr	NNS	I stuffed the disks in my bag .
tr	NNS	We withstood their attempts to pull us apart . "
tr	NN	Bananas , pear honey - it 's practical and seductive . "
tr	NNS	Or would the people of Back to the Land make their own T-shirts ?
tr	NN	We have one destiny , and that is to become soldiers .
tr	NN	I could use a translator . "
tr	NN	You 've not only jeopardized yourself , you 've jeopardized our whole coven .
tr	NN	" You must choose one medallion , Sam . "
tr	NNS	They speak volumes as they look , unwaveringly , at me .
tr	NNS	You have the contact numbers and call signs ?
tr	NN	He took a mouthful of water and spat it out , " Well , it 's wet , " as he tasted the mineral rich water .
tr	NN	Perhaps the being could hear dialogue from a distance .
tr	NNS	She adjusted the reins in her hand .
tr	NN	He offered a shrug and a wry grin , before sobering once more .
tr	NNS	Jane accepted these requests and completed them with zeal , as they were a nice break from her otherwise monotonous duties .
tr	NN	She opened the trunk , took out the small backpack she kept inside and closed the lid .
tr	NN	When Anton loosened his grip on me just enough , I gave him another hard shove , pushing him back a few feet .
tr	NNS	His head popped up a few shelves over .
tr	NNS	" But today you have only Frost and Rhys by your side .
tr	NN	Our heated exchange was playing havoc with my hormones .
tr	NN	John felt his conviction slipping away as Maya continued to berate him .
tr	NN	That they set their creation alight and then threw it down some stairs ?
tr	NNS	" Something spooked the attackers .
tr	NN	When he stopped at her table , she got the distinct impression he could see through her natural camouflage .
tr	NN	She didn 't ask any questions , she just gave my hand a squeeze and turned back to Evelyn .
tr	NNS	We 've got the Jell-o shots ! "
tr	NNS	He took a few long breaths before replying .
tr	NN	With how well vampires could hear , he may as well have tattooed a big V onto my forehead .
tr	NNS	And they left their citizens in dire straits .
tr	NNS	' Keep our cards close to our chest I know but look at ze drive . '
tr	NNS	A few thunderous artillery flashes confirmed my suspicions -- we were somewhere close to the front lines .
tr	NN	Her mother-in-law might be attending her fiftieth class reunion , but she was physically fit and mentally alert .
tr	NNS	No one wore stockings , for one thing . '
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to glance back in the direction of Garrick 's apartment .
tr	NN	Cindy ignored his needless advice and quietly tiptoed down the corridor .
tr	NN	Derek gingerly picked up the battered mobile , which was still alive .
tr	NNS	Use aural shields around their feet to keep the hooves silent . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	Frances , in the intervening time , was scanning the crowds around her for Crispin .
tr	NNS	Sergei , Anatole , and Lyle , you three will guard the explosives until they are set .
tr	NN	For a moment Lauren couldn 't speak around the lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	Colby apparently didn 't find her antics humorous .
tr	NNS	We couldn 't risk any distractions getting in the way . "
tr	NN	Aria hid a smirk .
tr	NNS	Still he would have preferred the white beaches and breezes of Labuan .
tr	NN	Coren pulled a handful of seed from his sack and cast them to the ground .
tr	NN	Beside the books , she had a well-worn camouflage backpack .
tr	NN	Bella had her back to the wall opposite the door waiting for Stanton , she wore a scowl , arms folded tapping one foot on the carpet .
tr	NNS	" Oh my god no ! "
tr	NNS	" Pass your judgments and laugh it up behind my back !
tr	NN	Then that unmistakable thrill zipped down his spine .
tr	NN	" And all during these years , you have been teaching her language ? "
tr	NN	" And we 've got a nice supply of Scotch , and that 's what is really important , no ? "
tr	NNS	The history books had scattered their pages and the wind had picked them up .
tr	NNS	Though the image had faded over the years , I could still make out the two figures within the frame .
tr	NN	At least Fitch , though , had some inkling of what was coming .
tr	NNS	The bunks had mattresses , linen , pillows and blankets .
tr	NN	And Rachel got the impression he availed himself of that privilege whenever it suited him .
tr	NNS	In her stilettos , she had at least two inches on Adrien .
tr	NNS	He loved dogs , but traveled so much that he thought it was unfair to have one .
tr	NN	" Your son certainly has a bizarre imagination . "
tr	NNS	I sniffed delicately , not wanting to answer his questions right now .
tr	NN	Toward the second staircase .
tr	NN	It also left a white handprint , turning to red .
tr	NNS	" For the record , I am happy for you , " he breathed , his mouth just inches from hers .
tr	NNS	We 've got each other , Jim and Mr. Hodge have each other , we have all the oranges and sand we need .
tr	NN	He produced a vial of oil from a pocket in his duster and wet a rag with it .
tr	NNS	He could leave the defenses to his Earl Marshal , and rightly so ; there was no one else more capable when it came to strategy .
tr	NNS	Most neurons have many processes called dendrites .
tr	NNS	She inched off the mattress as the two men sprang apart , circling each other , panting .
tr	NNS	Don 't tell the jackass .
tr	NNS	I 've had centuries to perfect my line of work , after all . "
tr	NN	He avoided philosophy though , and kept the topics centered on the concrete .
tr	NNS	She no longer had those pearly whites I coveted .
tr	NNS	I hated her and her lies .
tr	NN	You made them a horrifying example for everyone to see .
tr	NNS	Three more cards were turned , we both surveyed the cards again .
tr	NNS	She 'd had visions of her daughter-in-law 's centerpiece being prepared by a taxidermist , but Tammie Lee had set out a lovely floral arrangement .
tr	NNS	I provide better benefits . "
tr	NN	" And I 'll take that magazine , too . "
tr	NN	Echo flipped the single thick braid of auburn hair over her shoulder and grinned at her dad before returning her attention to the mare and foal .
tr	NN	" Some princely code or something ? "
tr	NNS	Several people in town hall nearly fell off their chairs .
tr	NN	Jim still had a walking dead quality to him that apparently made him immune to my powers of intimidation .
tr	NNS	Like he had known the census and damage reports without needing to be told .
tr	NN	But confirming it sent a shudder throughout my body .
tr	NN	" No , I can 't touch the History department for a while .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths and tried very hard to calm myself down .
tr	NN	Not knowing what else to do , I unleashed my rehearsed speech .
tr	NN	Maybe I sensed its hunger .
tr	NNS	" Just take deep breaths and breathe . "
tr	NN	He ate a wrinkled stripe of apple skin .
tr	NNS	I had two udder babies before that one , but they lived .
tr	NN	She replaced the receiver .
tr	NNS	Then again , he probably had one stashed away somewhere .
tr	NN	He picked up his fork and dug in with gusto .
tr	NNS	They boarded their ships and took off .
tr	NN	Survival at Culver Creek meant loyalty , and she had ignored that .
tr	NNS	For the first time in many years , he touched fangs .
tr	NN	Country music fans love their Jesus .
tr	NN	When our lips meet , my insides get all tingly .
tr	NN	" Punishment , job loss or , at its most primal and natural level , physical confrontation . "
tr	NN	The next instant they had vanished , too , but not before Kaitlyn got a strange impression .
tr	NNS	He 'd stopped about six paces behind me , hanging his head .
tr	NN	Neil didn 't want pity , but he did want understanding .
tr	NNS	Clay gave the terms of the offer from French .
tr	NN	They carried out trade and relations with the areas around them and existed alongside their large neighbor .
tr	NNS	They gave themselves uniforms , an unspoken code , and found a sense of belonging , like a club .
tr	NNS	The Defenders all had several caked layers of mud and grime on their boots , and also halfway up their thighs .
tr	NNS	As much as Fen liked to pull rank as a big brother , he respected Dimitri 's abilities and would never ignore a warning .
tr	NN	For some reason he had the impression she wouldn 't think much of her sharp-edged sophistication .
tr	NN	She crossed the threshold , then paused to look over her shoulder .
tr	NNS	Some mid-sized labels , and one large one .
tr	NNS	He tossed the reins to the waiting groomsman and hurried inside .
tr	NN	Brian grabbed a pen off the table and leaned over and wrote some info on Roger 's arm .
tr	NNS	" I have served many clients and cannot remember a single one . "
tr	NN	You should be wreaking havoc on the humans .
tr	NN	The truck left the pavement and flew out into the desert once more .
tr	NN	For two hundred and eighty-one dollars , you also get a bigger bridal bouquet and a boutonniere for the groom . "
tr	NNS	The guys had laid the new hardwood floors and they gleamed in the space , adding new life and vibrancy .
tr	NN	' Keep your faith , Adri .
tr	NNS	Stars filled the heavens , and the white road of the Milky Way blazed across the sky .
tr	NN	" They 've already hired my new assistant .
tr	NNS	She had tried tequila shots with Tulane once .
tr	NN	I took you grave digging .
tr	NN	He picked up the receiver and to listened anyway .
tr	NN	Canute wadded the delicate material and threw it as high as he could .
tr	NN	More than that , she had an urge completely unlike anything she 'd felt before to fill that emptiness with more stories .
tr	NNS	Right after I find the fabled iron mines in the Eastern Shield . "
tr	NNS	His sister shot Garrett a few daggers as she passed .
tr	NN	Wakeman scrambled down the ridge onto the level plain .
tr	NN	And that he needed a squad of good men for infiltration mission in the home world of the enemy . "
tr	NN	" Then why do I have this knot in my gut ?
tr	NNS	All the times he sniffed out treasures in the ruins or alerted me to small game .
tr	NNS	His fear of being at the mercy of the witch 's spell or the heavy weight of the Dark Lord 's smothering powers .
tr	NN	I do not see your imperial insignia .
tr	NNS	Give me his credit card numbers , then put everything back and leave it the way you found it . "
tr	NNS	My scrubs had no pockets .
tr	NNS	Day after day , she weighed the pros and cons .
tr	NN	Our enemies have the same goal . "
tr	NN	I shut the lid and put the cooler back where I found it .
tr	NNS	You 'll get two coins when you get back .
tr	NNS	Tal y hated outsiders .
tr	NN	Dario required a shove in the right direction .
tr	NNS	I have no clients and Jack 's still out of town .
tr	NN	Why would her six-year-old girl have such a magazine ?
tr	NNS	Faithful as the seasons , the trade caravans had visited his father 's lands annually since beyond the memory of even the very oldest living men .
tr	NNS	" Spiders kill other bugs that I hate more .
tr	NNS	I 'd compose elaborate descriptions of my property , summoning the smells and sounds of the lake in summer to this lonely desert .
tr	NN	His unanswered questions did more than frustrate his mind , however , they fed his hunger for power .
tr	NNS	I no longer harbored any doubts about Christian .
tr	NN	I felt a pang of guilt .
tr	NN	" You 're not trying your crap one liners out on her are you , mate ? "
tr	NN	Karen 's flexibility and agility made her a difficult opponent to hit .
tr	NN	Albert lifted the backpack from the floor and walked to the salon .
tr	NNS	The shadows were playing tricks on my eyes ?
tr	NNS	We have made arrangements for hospice care when that time comes .
tr	NNS	" So , you can see ghosts ? "
tr	NNS	-- and that silenced his objections .
tr	NNS	" I 'll contact the scientists and tell them we 're on our way . "
tr	NN	We draped a tablecloth over the coffee table and set it with plates , glasses , and silverware from the kitchen .
tr	NN	I stomp my boot , shaking my curls .
tr	NN	" It wreaks havoc on my symptoms . "
tr	NN	" No , mild is fine , " I quickly assured the waiter .
tr	NNS	" Next guess , " Katherine was saying dangerously .
tr	NN	I would have a feather in my cap .
tr	NNS	One has the balls to touch me .
tr	NN	He wanted fair treatment for everyone , just as his father did .
tr	NNS	It has members who instinctively seek to expose weakness in others .
tr	NNS	I got my wits and started to run in the direction of the monster .
tr	NNS	They have apprentice waiters that do nothing except prepare salad dressings to order at tableside .
tr	NN	Her voice sounded a little husky to her own ears .
tr	NNS	By the time the show concluded , many appreciative fans were dropping donations into the hat props turned alms baskets .
tr	NNS	" I 'm having serious doubts about our partnership . "
tr	NNS	Stopping in her tracks , she took several calming breaths .
tr	NN	He produced a dagger and balanced its hilt on the palm of his left hand .
tr	NN	I accepted the second vial from him .
tr	NNS	" We 've been collecting data going back to 1923 .
tr	NNS	" A thousand dollars a week ... " This new knowledge of Amber 's mysterious activities and whereabouts put a whole , new spin on things .
tr	NN	He always somehow understood my unique language .
tr	NN	" He brought me a lump of coal ! "
tr	NNS	She took a few paces toward him - and slipped .
tr	NN	The accounting system charged his download for the price of some spare change , and a compulsive pinhead in the accounting department demanded an investigation . "
tr	NN	Terry pulled the tool away and saw that he had mined all of the materials from that section .
tr	NNS	Police and firetrucks and ambulances would be blocking the roads of the residential neighborhood in minutes .
tr	NN	Eric received her final rebuke .
tr	NNS	" So do you eat lunch foods , or is it , like , your dinner ? "
tr	NN	He let out a groan in my ear as my hand squeezed around the base of him .
tr	NN	I turned the knob and , surprisingly , the door opened .
tr	NN	Keep drinking , " Sandra said , that little rasp in her throat .
tr	NNS	Although when I asked what all these green dots were , she said ' fireflies . '
tr	NNS	Her laugh , low , throaty and her one unreserved trait , filled his senses .
tr	NNS	" They 're still throwing balls , anyway . "
tr	NNS	While the Christians don 't have our understanding and control of magic , they have strange powers of their own .
tr	NNS	" Then take the peanuts . "
tr	NNS	" Almost one hundred dollars ? "
tr	NN	" Don 't say ' hmm ' to me , Mr. Holly .
tr	NNS	" You may have little gray marks ... everywhere . "
tr	NN	Stanley had never had fish , let alone wine , so early in the day , and he chalked it up as a novel experience .
tr	NN	" Der Pork Futures Warehouse , " said the troll .
tr	NN	I fought an impulse to wipe a drop of water dripping down the side of his face .
tr	NNS	Edward stops inches from Peter 's feet , and then jerks toward him like he is about to throw a punch .
tr	NNS	Even if by some miracle we catch this person , it wouldn 't fix the larger issues .
tr	NN	At one time she would have welcomed the privacy .
tr	NN	What complications was she adding now ?
tr	NNS	" Er , Dad , you know , we don 't really have the best accommodations here .
tr	NN	The powder had given her face a luminescent sheen , sparkling when the candlelight hit it just right .
tr	NNS	Can 't you sense the connections with legend ?
tr	NN	His hands opened her gown , tugging down her chemise , baring her breasts to his hot eyes .
tr	NNS	You don 't produce psychics , just autistics . "
tr	NNS	Challenges and Opportunities For all its challenges to traditional religious identity , modernity has at the same time created new spiritual opportunities .
tr	NN	" Did someone say Monster burger ? "
tr	NN	The sheriff stood toe to toe with Mike and lowered his voice .
tr	NNS	Friends offered positions at the railroad , the mines , the bank .
tr	NNS	They had already investigated the upper floors - sort of .
tr	NN	For what must be the first time in my life , I don 't care about my class grade , only about everybody around me .
tr	NNS	" You love their chicken sandwiches . "
tr	NN	Mary dropped her fork .
tr	NNS	She felt dizzy and said , " I love you , " which brought him to a fruitful climax .
tr	NN	She took off her apron and headed for the kitchen .
tr	NN	Chicago punched his ID on some flat screen and I could see 6 tokens displayed .
tr	NN	" The only one not in VIPER protective custody . "
tr	NN	She chokes , the fury that fueled her forward with that outburst deflating , leaving her looking drained and miserable .
tr	NN	She had a cap of dark hair and large , violet blue eyes .
tr	NN	You will only know joy and happiness .
tr	NNS	She took a few items out of her suitcase , set it on the floor then fell back on the bed .
tr	NN	" Or a speculation .
tr	NNS	His wife died centuries before but he never remarried .
tr	NNS	Eva and Jackson are watching the twins .
tr	NNS	I 've had enough nightmares . "
tr	NN	Trevor checked his equipment with the most thunderous drum roll he could manage on his beginners ' - sized set .
tr	NN	" And we say wild goose chase where I come from .
tr	NN	Emma noticed Jason 's jaw clench with the stress because both of them knew that the envelope contained evidence of Jason 's father .
tr	NN	Then he 'd had some apologizing to do .
tr	NNS	Carmelita would fix Greek and Spanish dishes like nobody else could .
tr	NNS	" You are busting my balls , woman . "
tr	NN	Melanie and Mandy had re-arranged the living room furniture to make room for the bed and assorted medical supplies .
tr	NNS	Paul had been out making deliveries , and Misty really didn 't know where he was .
tr	NNS	They took long walks in the moonlight .
tr	NNS	But her scream had woken two nearby gods sleeping together through a brutal , wintry decade .
tr	NN	The suspect on guard raised his rifle at John .
tr	NNS	My source really does have scores to settle .
tr	NNS	His warm breath tickled my nipples making them even harder .
tr	NN	But we didn 't have the foresight to marry our opposites .
tr	NN	Sean clicked the fake Collar around Andrea 's throat .
tr	NN	Closing her eyes , she swallowed the groan of regret that built up in her chest .
tr	NNS	Pushing her back onto the bed , he pulled her stockings off , glad that they weren 't thigh highs this time .
tr	NNS	" I have more pressing issues . "
tr	NN	Ahead of them , they saw the aftermath of a savage fight at the fort .
tr	NN	Did you name the Mustang too ? "
tr	NNS	Her twisted smile revealed pointy fangs in her mouth .
tr	NNS	" I will not authorize any more missiles unless that is what Evangeline wants . "
tr	NN	We had an ultrasound appointment set up to find out the sex of the baby at the end of the week .
tr	NN	The room smelled faintly of smoke from the strange fire .
tr	NNS	You must put out of your head images of nak * d winged babies draping someone in robes .
tr	NNS	I buckled the bands of leather around my thighs and slid the weapons into the appropriate slots .
tr	NN	Ask his advice on how to make it smoother .
tr	NNS	Vane heard more dogs out in the yard and something that sounded like an entire collection of birds singing from upstairs .
tr	NN	Healing nicely , it still felt a bit sore .
tr	NN	" Cresta , did I ever tell you about the time I wrestled an alligator in the back of a moving truck ? "
tr	NN	He did not like this man 's attitude , the feeling that people were only valuable in terms of their usefulness to Morgan Oakes .
tr	NNS	From what was said this afternoon , they have ruined nearly half this season 's females already . "
tr	NNS	She wanted his marks , the true signs of his passion and ownership .
tr	NNS	" The Elders kept very close tabs on us when we were planting the landmines .
tr	NNS	We exchanged greetings , and suddenly one of the men reached for my saddle .
tr	NN	Maybe she couldn 't sate his hunger .
tr	NNS	He held the reins to the pony .
tr	NNS	However , he has only killed criminals . "
tr	NNS	He also taught some computer and gym classes , since at a school as small as Jewel High , most of the teachers wore multiple hats .
tr	NNS	" You have your priorities , Gilberto , and I have mine . "
tr	NN	Lil interjected her own brand of wisdom .
tr	NNS	Thunder boomed again , books and expensive vases falling to the floor .
tr	NNS	Do you accept our terms of friendship , commitment and trust between fellow brothers above and before a profane ?
tr	NNS	I scanned the crowds , looking for my parents .
tr	NN	It made Sonia twist around and glare before snapping , " Callum ! "
tr	NN	When he looked in our direction , we noted the smirk again while he pretended to ignore us .
tr	NNS	I lit a few candles , and an incense stick , that were by the edge of the tub .
tr	NNS	Mentally enslaved by the Empire , they exploited her magic powers until she was rescued by rebels .
tr	NNS	The sweet smell of him filled her senses .
tr	NNS	Mike brushed his fingernails against his shirt and examined them .
tr	NNS	If you were sent to help , if you have a vehicle , find the robots , who are on their way back , and transport them .
tr	NNS	Hugh smiled thinly and left .
tr	NNS	From up there he could hear the multiple wails of sirens much clearer .
tr	NNS	They gave the deer to the army 's cook , stabled their horses , and headed toward the interrogation room .
tr	NNS	Gaping at this nightmarish scene , I see something inexplicable .
tr	NN	Inside , he scooped coffee powder into the percolator and added water .
tr	NN	He took off his cap and brushed his thinning hair back .
tr	NN	" Vain old git ! "
tr	NN	Take my advice and don 't let your brother drag you down with him . "
tr	NN	Who wuz that psycho ? "
tr	NNS	Panic seared her nerve endings , giving her strength .
tr	NNS	Raymond gathered his senses and struck back at Mac .
tr	NN	It throws another blast of heat at me that I dodge .
tr	NN	' Including the deliberate bad spelling .
tr	NNS	" I 've made my offers and my threats , Penrod .
tr	NNS	He held newborn babies who would never have the chance to dream of living in Paris .
tr	NN	Those pictures made my head spin .
tr	NNS	Now we had two dinner dates .
tr	NN	Jam welcomed the threesome to join him and the curious triple fellow opposite , who he couldn 't recall the name of .
tr	NN	From the looks of it , he was sipping a soda .
tr	NN	Cars today , said Arnold , had no personality .
tr	NN	He tucked a silky strand behind her ear .
tr	NN	He pulled a small notepad from his shirt pocket , jotted down the address and handed it to her .
tr	NNS	Did my winning the match bring ye such grief ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll get there , sit for two hours , then someone will X-ray me and tell me , ' You have broken ribs . '
tr	NN	" Just grab a shovel . "
tr	NNS	The White Wolf scratched more runes into the dirt : " Carry .
tr	NN	There were numerous mentions of the Eye of Horus , here sometimes referred to as ' the sun god ' , here ' the sky god ' .
tr	NNS	I love all hearts . "
tr	NNS	Because she so badly wanted Steve to recover , she was imagining responses where there were none .
tr	NN	Ava Kane , the new teacher , had an easy teaching style , not that any of the guys noticed anything other than her body .
tr	NNS	It tangled up the gray clouds in turbulence and filled the otherwise innocuous day in the countryside with foreboding .
tr	NNS	She liked the roughness of his hands .
tr	NN	" What the devil are you talking about ? "
tr	NNS	The English royals raise millions each year that way . "
tr	NN	Kane must have sensed his partner 's growing agitation and let out a low rumble , voicing his own complaint .
tr	NNS	He had expected jerky , faintly uncertain motions .
tr	NNS	His gaze travels from my worn shoes to the heavy black jacket with buckles , and finally lands on my hair that barely brushes my chin .
tr	NN	He lifted the painting from the wall and strode out her apartment .
tr	NNS	She 'd see these redheaded twins in the dream , these two pretty ladies , and then all these terrible things would go down .
tr	NNS	A quick search through the drug store turned up antibiotics , an ace bandage that might help , and some vitamins .
tr	NNS	From behind dark sunglasses , the Mark scanned their surroundings with a sweeping glance .
tr	NN	Somehow , physical contact with them made her calmer .
tr	NNS	They had only walked fifty yards into the graveyard , when a moaning cry echoed off the wall behind them .
tr	NNS	This room had exposed beams and hardwood floors almost as shiny as the marble ones below .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not taking chances with you .
tr	NNS	Lying on his shoulder , arms extended , he fired again , a few inches from the floor .
tr	NN	Clary took a dark gray pencil from the box and set the tip of it to the paper .
tr	NN	He brings the needle over to me and grabs my arm .
tr	NNS	She opened up her troll sensors and focused on the chatter of the trees around her .
tr	NNS	He knew the tricks and appreciated that Zoe was a quick learner .
tr	NNS	She picked up two napkins that were folded so precisely that she almost felt guilty about messing them up .
tr	NNS	Plus , we could order breakfast in the morning and someone else would wash the dishes .
tr	NNS	' Do you want any more biscuits ?
tr	NN	Can 't believe u only got a broken fingernail .
tr	NNS	They ate only a few bites of their dried meat , not knowing when they would have occasion to restore their supplies .
tr	NN	Filbert 's brief but eloquent description of a painfully thin Alexandra staring at his portrait at Hawthorne made his heart wrench .
tr	NNS	She taught classes for the testosterone impaired .
tr	NNS	No , make that corn dogs .
tr	NNS	" You should always take opportunities like that , especially when your schedule can be re-arranged with little inconvenience .
tr	NN	This girl was totally saving my butt .
tr	NN	Each held a drawn laser broadsword in his hands .
tr	NN	" And cafe mocha peanut butter .
tr	NN	Staring at the picture he saw the resemblance to Leo .
tr	NNS	She batted away a few cobwebs to rub the sore spot on her forehead .
tr	NN	Did Ali really have such little respect for human life ?
tr	NN	For the first week of their trip , they had pretty good shoreline to follow . "
tr	NN	The man threw a small black cloth towards her .
tr	NN	My roommate and two of my friends flunked out that quarter , but they all got back in with notes from the experimenters .
tr	NN	You have no talent . "
tr	NN	He 'd left the padlock undone after his first investigation , and no one had come along to press it shut since then .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen pristine exotic islands , the majestic Swiss Alps , and the raw , carved rocks of the Grand Canyon .
tr	NN	They had left his funeral until the last .
tr	NNS	What we found , on the other hand , answered all my fears .
tr	NNS	In order for the " Save the World " conquest to work , we can and must work out issues .
tr	NN	" You could have jeopardized this whole operation .
tr	NNS	I would gladly wear those labels if it meant not losing Evangeline forever .
tr	NNS	They rounded the buildings and saw nothing .
tr	NN	His weak voice turned wry .
tr	NNS	She sensed new powers being invoked - the bustling activity all through the Redoubt while Oakes stood here drinking and admiring the view with her .
tr	NN	As everyone talks and passes food , nothing at all rouses my hunger .
tr	NN	He let out a slow , patient groan .
tr	NN	" Something 2 carry u thru when others fail .
tr	NNS	Perhaps his mind had already made the connections but dared not offer them up .
tr	NNS	The whole time her smile could launch ships .
tr	NNS	He took several more deep breaths as his weight shifted to his hips and lower back , then moved his arm to halt her .
tr	NNS	Governments may change but the essence of an Irish woman , never changes .
tr	NNS	Melinda was fighting her own desires for him and damned if he was going to make it easier on her .
tr	NNS	He quickened his strokes as he neared the peak .
tr	NNS	I can 't use my powers or Adria will be unprotected !
tr	NN	They could see his pistol , but he had sprawled too far away for them to reach it with a kick .
tr	NNS	Thus far , I 've gotten nothing but murder attempts out of my time on the job .
tr	NNS	" You damn dogs ! "
tr	NNS	And if they didn 't see Megan , then they would have their wits about them to think of a way how to find her .
tr	NN	This ensured that nobody ever disturbed me unless it was about something important , because they had to get wet in order to reach me .
tr	NNS	' Two dollars . '
tr	NN	Emma spread the paper napkin across her lap , looked over her meal and lifted her fork .
tr	NNS	The breeze changed directions , flirting with her , blowing strands of hair across her face .
tr	NN	She wore her nightgown , the only clean item of clothing in her bag , and nothing else .
tr	NN	She could feel the resignation in the way he held his body and the expression on his face .
tr	NNS	" He 'll shout obscenities and promise divine retribution , and two minutes later shrug it off as the common mischief of young men .
tr	NN	Liv mimicked Zander 's inflection as she came to stand beside me .
tr	NN	Mark had put together a compilation video of the group 's travails ( featuring a teenage Joey Mayhem ! )
tr	NNS	He even had freckles on his muscular arms .
tr	NN	He stood half a head taller than the natives and his stench indicated he hadn 't bathed in many months .
tr	NNS	Working quickly while watching everything around her , she transfers the backpacks from Nathan 's front seat into the trunk of her car .
tr	NNS	If I hid in the bedroom closet , the intruder might hear the cat noises and investigate .
tr	NN	" You must not need his vote . "
tr	NNS	She could not allow her personal desires to interfere with her job .
tr	NNS	The police don 't do texts .
tr	NNS	We 've got all the data we need .
tr	NNS	I had just made arrangements to meet her later when Cal called her into his office and I took my leave .
tr	NNS	" The faithless receive no miracles .
tr	NNS	Smith and Mondragon held their breaths in the depression inside the rocks .
tr	NN	... I read the manuscript as it was written by the man who 'd lost all he lived for .
tr	NN	Paige scuffed the toe of her tennis shoe through the mud .
tr	NN	" We should teach her a lesson ! "
tr	NN	She flung the other pillow at him .
tr	NN	I hastily grab the gown and with a shaking hand I work on retrieving the item that I stowed away in its hem .
tr	NNS	One had thick fingernails turned brown by time and grown into long , dangling spirals .
tr	NN	Nate wanted the Italian estate I had inherited , just as Jett had wanted it when he hired me .
tr	NN	She only needed a peek .
tr	NNS	He 'd controlled his cravings .
tr	NN	He will also get a special Gold Pass which entitles him to stay at any British Railway hotel with a free Big Breakfast .
tr	NNS	It recognizes fingerprints , and only responds to the prints of the one that owns it .
tr	NN	Maggie pulled a crystal ashtray from one of the drawers of the hutch and returned to the table .
tr	NN	You could use the item to test for something personal about the owner . "
tr	NN	I 'd much rather help u .
tr	NNS	I had teams beyond the security perimeter , doing scans .
tr	NN	He added cream to his coffee .
tr	NN	I was studying the football in my hands , running my fingers over the pigskin , across the letters of the brand name printed on the side .
tr	NN	I needed more than some eyeliner and lip gloss to boost my flagging spirit .
tr	NNS	Other shaping disciplines govern the other kingdoms .
tr	NNS	' So you and Noddy , you two get guitars .
tr	NNS	All three wore extremely smart suits and very wide smiles , ingratiating to say the least .
tr	NNS	I wiped my clammy palms on my cotton pants and went to let him in .
tr	NNS	The cold air now turned their breaths back into steam .
tr	NN	" I have a budget .
tr	NN	She opened the bottom drawer of her bureau and shoved the book under an old blanket .
tr	NNS	" We will require physicians .
tr	NN	He felt her pang of disappointment and it cut him deeply .
tr	NNS	How many bombs did you put up ? "
tr	NNS	What changes is the credibility of the movie .
tr	NNS	Say around eleven ? "
tr	NNS	I gathered up the ornaments and hid them in a box .
tr	NN	Lyssa felt the dread in her chest again , turning to leave again .
tr	NN	They shared this goal .
tr	NN	I addressed the peanut butter .
tr	NNS	He inventoried his pockets .
tr	NNS	Those fantastic cake shops you have down at St. Kilda .
tr	NN	I descended the main staircase in bare feet , my long , undone hair veiling my face , my gown billowing at my ankles .
tr	NNS	" You have many cubs now . "
tr	NNS	Explore their own talents , whatever those may be . "
tr	NNS	" What forms do her punishments take ? "
tr	NNS	He rubbed his palms together and visible static glowed slightly in the friction .
tr	NNS	As gently as possible , he buried his fangs in the soft skin beneath her ear .
tr	NN	Cough castle or something like that .
tr	NN	Heard her protest with his acute hearing .
tr	NN	And yes , the cops gave me a grilling .
tr	NNS	" They have several addresses in several cities , none here in Seattle .
tr	NNS	They took off their sandals , carrying them as they headed toward the water 's edge .
tr	NNS	" I have found the Gemini twins !
tr	NNS	Zuzana probably can 't command cats with her mind .
tr	NNS	Streak bared his fangs and snarled back , pawed at the snow in front of her , then locked gazes again .
tr	NN	Now Daniel could hear the midwife telling Heather to push and he felt himself straining , trying to help her .
tr	NNS	" I never take clients along on a verification trip .
tr	NN	They 've kept my passport .
tr	NNS	" You 've got it , " he said encouragingly .
tr	NNS	" We have electro-optical sensors set up with an Intrusion Detection System .
tr	NNS	' I don 't know the numbers , sir .
tr	NN	I added another squeeze for good measure , settled back , and gave a happy sigh .
tr	NNS	The tiger needs deer to survive .
tr	NNS	Would you like some refreshments ?
tr	NNS	" That much and more , " he said fervently .
tr	NNS	" She would even use her acting skills to take care of certain tasks ... like Buster . "
tr	NN	" Show some respect , woman , or it 'll be the plank for ye . "
tr	NN	" I don 't need your pity , Lark .
tr	NN	She snapped off the tape .
tr	NNS	Marilyn had excellent instincts when it came to selecting winners .
tr	NN	He opened the refrigerator and shoved aside a gallon of milk , unveiling a covered pot .
tr	NNS	Misty saw the runes on the silver metal , which began to glow .
tr	NNS	" Sort out issues . "
tr	NN	I hold up the basket that contains his present .
tr	NNS	A series of red flags tied to metal stakes were spaced down the tracks for what he guessed to be a quarter of a mile or better .
tr	NNS	I walked a few paces and stopped , looking back .
tr	NNS	She was definitely getting mixed signals from him and probably hadn 't a clue what to make of his behavior .
tr	NNS	Being an agent , I 'd stalked and hunted victims .
tr	NN	She pulled out a small towel and soaked it .
tr	NN	She could see his face tense .
tr	NN	Marty wanted some more coke , and he knew Frank was holding .
tr	NNS	" They don 't have yellow dragons , brother .
tr	NN	His skin was growing paler by the second .
tr	NNS	Both had natural abilities and were hunted down because of those abilities .
tr	NNS	The man would make beautiful babies .
tr	NN	They have one single goal : to discover the cure for cancer or at least play a role in it .
tr	NNS	It did not require its members to believe anything , merely to be honest and careful about all the phenomena that they observed .
tr	NN	" I must look a fright , though . "
tr	NNS	She had some complications .
tr	NN	One of the Hunters removed the tattered rag from his mouth .
tr	NN	I ignored the latter , ripping my teeth sideways , taking a huge chunk of flesh with me .
tr	NNS	Over the last year , our erotic activity has definitely had some high points .
tr	NN	Gregor had an awful realization .
tr	NNS	I brushed the crumbs off of my hands and said , " I have not used my name in many years . "
tr	NNS	And Dangerous Beans has got brains coming out of his ears . ' '
tr	NN	Reaching a hand underneath my dress , he ran it up and down my inner thigh until he traced the outline of my knickers .
tr	NN	Not that we have any objection , but the Terrestrial government prefers to keep news of the Moon to a minimum . "
tr	NN	She wiped grease on her cheek .
tr	NN	Evie and Viv shared a flat in a mansion block just off Notting Hill Gate .
tr	NN	" I 've got a topic for you . "
tr	NN	' Has he got a good pond , and so on .
tr	NN	Cautiously , I say , " It 's more about defining femininity and power .
tr	NNS	" You always make jokes when you 're hurting . "
tr	NN	Had she been , she would have suffered the same fate Victor served . "
tr	NNS	That if I - " " There was nothing you could 've done differently , " he said passionately .
tr	NNS	Others , like twins , feel each others burdens and sense each other more fully because they allow their love to connect them .
tr	NN	Not having time to lock the box properly , I simply closed the lid and shoved it back into its place .
tr	NNS	And I lost clients .
tr	NN	Sarah graciously introduced the purring feline and tried to picture the purple bean plant as clearly as her mind allowed it .
tr	NNS	So can you please send EMTs ... and I 'd appreciate it if you came too .
tr	NN	Any other time , I would have appreciated the vote of confidence .
tr	NNS	We had crates of rechargeable batteries -- years and years of sailing power .
tr	NN	I don 't know the meaning of the word . "
tr	NN	I interrupted his flow of rhetoric .
tr	NN	Later on , wearing a t-shirt near a dragon would have been considered blasphemous .
tr	NNS	Girls in love are like ticking time bombs .
tr	NNS	He noted the security cameras following his movements and found himself inside a small reception room .
tr	NN	The man seated behind the richly carved desk bore little resemblance to the laughing , gentle man she 'd met only two days ago .
tr	NN	" He crashed his motorcycle and kept on walking .
tr	NN	" I don 't give credit to anyone , not even me own mother , if she drinks here , she pays for it .
tr	NN	Gage takes my backpack and secures it over his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Yes , she would make an excellent sheriff , he had no doubts there .
tr	NN	" We do not need the publicity , nor the heroics .
tr	NNS	" Well , I have no specifics either .
tr	NNS	" Cougars and wolves make fierce allies .
tr	NN	" They must have missed the Queen . "
tr	NN	Sitting down , he picked up his fork and started eating .
tr	NNS	" What will you tell their families ? "
tr	NN	Strips of long fluorescent lights lit up the cafeteria with a harsh , unnatural light .
tr	NN	" But you have a fantastic command of the language !
tr	NNS	He retrieved their coats and then pulled a couple of his thick scarves from the closet .
tr	NNS	As a comparison , Mexico -- our neighbor to the south -- has twenty-five recognized cultural heritage sites .
tr	NN	Inexplicably , Dina has taken a liking to the food , so she and Hit set off in search of some more of those tailed things .
tr	NN	A normal mortal would 've picked up a cake and a few bouquets of flowers and called it good .
tr	NNS	They navigated the spotless halls , which resembled a normal office building mixed with civilian and military workers .
tr	NN	" Why do you give me advice when it is impossible ? "
tr	NNS	A closer look revealed great burns and jagged holes , enough to show what sunk the once grand ship .
tr	NN	Once inside , Mrs. Sterling held her umbrella proudly .
tr	NN	She 'd broken off the engagement , and that had injured his pride .
tr	NNS	He killed my neighbors ' dogs , so I killed his stalkers in retaliation . "
tr	NN	Does Avalon give you the same respect ? "
tr	NN	I picked up the Shroud and turned to go .
tr	NN	After the wedding I asked a colleague to cover my classes so Elise and I could have a short honeymoon .
tr	NN	Since then , both of them have had this weird rivalry over who gets to protect her .
tr	NNS	I could still be here next week tracking the movements of all of them . '
tr	NN	I took the county highway that led northeast out of town , past the very nice suburb where my mother and her husband live .
tr	NNS	And why do I keep all those bits that are dropped in front of me ? "
tr	NNS	She 'd driven these demanding mountain roads - mud coated all the way up to the soft top - alone .
tr	NN	Nobody had expected a stroke of genius from Brick , least of all himself .
tr	NN	Well , I can 't talk about that , " Ashe scuffed his athletic shoe on a prickly pear that had sprung up during the warmer weather .
tr	NN	As if I needed another reason to dislike the Midwest .
tr	NNS	They would donate large sums of money to the other parties , the government would lose the election and any plans would be reversed .
tr	NNS	He used his suction cups to latch onto my head and started to pull .
tr	NN	Elaine gave a soft , ladylike snort .
tr	NN	I pointed the rifle at his face , and he closed his eyes .
tr	NNS	The feel of her against him soothed the savage fires .
tr	NN	She 'd have a stroke .
tr	NN	Alex grabbed a rope attached to a large winch bolted to the truck bed and held tight .
tr	NN	You can supply a limitless flow of energy to a wizard that can help to accomplish many enchantments that couldn 't otherwise be accomplished . "
tr	NNS	How could he also call her an empress like her father ?
tr	NNS	" What have all these losses taught you ? "
tr	NNS	His hands wrapped her biceps gently .
tr	NN	* * * Back at the motel Stu watched Dane 's face bursting but not daring to yell at Johnny .
tr	NN	" Or we could run a counter article on you and Jack . "
tr	NNS	" I have great expectations . "
tr	NNS	Someone had put some small braids in his beard .
tr	NNS	She dumped the carcass near the hammocks , leaving it for the two natives who must live at this refueling station .
tr	NNS	It takes a few tugs but it comes out and I drop it to the ground .
tr	NN	She had ignored the obvious option of the unmentioned door number three just as much as he had .
tr	NN	Silently they took the escalator down towards the tunnel .
tr	NN	" So the babysitter gives advice ? "
tr	NNS	The pack keeps the individual members in line .
tr	NNS	Ty wasn 't taking any chances with her safety .
tr	NN	The tiny lips of cuts and the great smears of burn wounds filled her imagination .
tr	NNS	We can train purse dogs together . "
tr	NNS	" And we want a million dollars . "
tr	NN	If I pry , it will only inspire another argument .
tr	NNS	" Cancer patients , cadavers , and sharks . "
tr	NN	" You have so little faith in me that ... " " It isn 't you I don 't trust .
tr	NNS	Back at the boat , I had about two hundred pages of financial information to sift through .
tr	NNS	The man 's appearance alone dictated their actions and they would just have to make the best of things until this mystery were solved .
tr	NNS	Melanie grabbed plates and quickly served them breakfast and a glass of milk .
tr	NNS	" Ohhh , " She heard someone moan in pain .
tr	NN	I 've got a speech to make and I could use a couple . "
tr	NN	Rising , I gave them a practice twirl , hearing the faint hum of the blades cutting through the air .
tr	NN	The thought of never feeling this again , of never having him in her life in this way , made her ache to scream in frustration .
tr	NNS	Regardless , half the time she visited his chambers she checked underneath his bed and in his closet .
tr	NNS	At least she 'd be out of the house and besides , The Galleria had some great restaurants .
tr	NN	Even in the midst of my grief and fury , I felt pity for the boy .
tr	NNS	And Murdoch picked the investments .
tr	NNS	I 've never seen so many weird pottery shops in my life .
tr	NNS	Though there 'd only been two newly made wolves since me : Christa and the wolf that she 'd created , Derek .
tr	NN	" But she called my mom a whore . "
tr	NN	Perhaps he must prove his loyalty first ?
tr	NN	But one day there spread a terrible plague across the land which struck the city .
tr	NNS	" Don 't worry ; you can keep your hourglass , for now !
tr	NN	Fingers , shaking from anger , sought out her diamond .
tr	NN	Her hands slide over my chest as mine pull up the hem of her shirt .
tr	NNS	" Hey there , old Angelica .
tr	NN	My heart started pounding uncontrollably .
tr	NNS	Lady Norton was fluttering her eyelashes at him .
tr	NN	He wondered what acquisition his grandfather had purchased there .
tr	NN	Even with the questionable camera work , I could make out a noose around her neck .
tr	NNS	" I returned your powers to you , unbound them , but only because I want that flower .
tr	NN	He was wearing a white undershirt and white boxer shorts .
tr	NN	Cate checked the clock to see what time Tucker would be released from punishment .
tr	NN	" You know Josh , you may get a gal ... ever think o ' that ?
tr	NNS	Primarily , I brought the ruthlessness of a feudal knight .
tr	NNS	Loot and Fire Cub counted six wolves behind them , and then another wolf appeared in front of the deer .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens for the mirrored backsplash .
tr	NNS	Nearby he could hear the scuttling noises of what he guessed to be rats moving around him in the cargo .
tr	NNS	The doctors advised patients and staff to wear face masks and to report any unusual symptoms as soon as they experienced them .
tr	NN	Two Rodrigo adjusted the drip , looking anywhere but at Cybele .
tr	NN	He held the jeweled dagger in his hand .
tr	NN	Ray let out a groan of protest , but hoisted himself up and joined her .
tr	NNS	Setting rags and paper on fire at one of the Courtyard entrances .
tr	NN	" Did you find your net ? "
tr	NNS	He could feel the ties binding them , millions of threads tying them together for all eternity .
tr	NN	I opened up the magazine and flipped to the article , reading it aloud .
tr	NNS	Sarah worked the knots out of the small of her back with her fingers .
tr	NNS	She takes the cards and puts them back in her billfold , trying desperately to temper her frustration at me .
tr	NNS	Today 's topic was on building your support systems .
tr	NN	She understands my unspoken command and stays still as I touch her .
tr	NN	I want the fish in the bottom of the ocean to feel the depths of my love for you . "
tr	NN	One of the guards behind him slammed the butt of his weapon into the back of his head and sent him reeling .
tr	NN	Placing the wooden box on the table , he lifted the lid .
tr	NNS	I 've got a million errands to run and last-minute appointments before the high school graduation . "
tr	NN	She had a letter opener in her hands , and her wrists held the same red marks that her mother 's showed .
tr	NNS	" How many sandwiches should I make ? "
tr	NN	The snake gave almost no chase .
tr	NN	" I don 't like that neighborhood at all .
tr	NN	Anakin had a gleam in his eye .
tr	NN	Curious as I am , I resist the urge to follow and eavesdrop .
tr	NN	Layla could not quite sort out all the hollering that followed .
tr	NN	" As I see it , you have a strong argument for moving the nation 's capital to Austin .
tr	NNS	" Reveal the visions . "
tr	NN	I take a handful of candies and divide them up by color on my palm .
tr	NNS	She trusted her instincts and her highly evolved psychic senses .
tr	NN	You see , we have the same maker .
tr	NN	Don 't you have a museum exhibit to be in somewhere ? "
tr	NNS	Although he repeatedly offended his rulers , he held several high offices .
tr	NN	She picked up the receiver .
tr	NNS	- And I don 't like these dark birds , they look like spies of evil . "
tr	NN	I bought all the furniture I needed .
tr	NN	Mae unzipped my backpack , and pulled out a set of night goggles .
tr	NNS	" I sell hotel supplies ... you know , cleaning supplies and such .
tr	NNS	And she would endure centuries more if necessary .
tr	NNS	" Yes , black , " he said fervently .
tr	NNS	" I don 't remember the numbers off the top of my head , but the code is ' Alfred . '
tr	NNS	Graham yanked open the ties on his boots and pulled them off and his socks .
tr	NN	Now you can 't offer me that proof . "
tr	NNS	John often began arguments this way , leaving little room to argue back , though he loved a good argument .
tr	NN	They tore down the skate ramp ! "
tr	NN	She tugged the ribbon from his queue , freeing his silky raven locks .
tr	NN	They and I made a pact to keep each other 's secrets till the time should come for them to be revealed .
tr	NN	He prodded his rod violently so that the shaft dislodged itself from its groove and tumbled to the deck .
tr	NN	Just him , his fears , and his paranoia , invading any possibility of clear thought .
tr	NN	She certainly didn 't want a repeat of their meeting at the grocery store .
tr	NNS	I remembered well the scents in the air around the city ; it was early spring in Oklahoma .
tr	NN	" This man destroyed my cart ! "
tr	NN	These islanders had that feature in their lives .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't lived centuries alone .
tr	NN	I took the gown from her hands and helped her into it .
tr	NN	The older woman also took responsibility for her granddaughter Grace 's marriage to the detective Emma had hired to look out for her in New York City .
tr	NNS	We 've been watching mortal witches for centuries .
tr	NNS	I stuck the dirtied dishes into the sink and dried my hands .
tr	NNS	I supported strenuously the rights of the common council in an acrimonious dispute with the board of aldermen over the nomination of a lord mayor .
tr	NN	Sara draped the towel around her shoulders .
tr	NNS	Look at the weight loss industry -- " experts , experts , everywhere , and not a pound to lose . "
tr	NNS	Imagine the difficulties you 'll face if others discover your son the demon in your home . '
tr	NNS	As the day went on he made a few small explosives and a couple of pipe bombs .
tr	NN	Some of the injured get off the wagon to help .
tr	NNS	I discuss the pros and cons of dancing on the coffee table and how you could still get hurt , even if you have done it before .
tr	NNS	" Send ten wolves down there and put a tail on them .
tr	NN	I don 't have any more duct tape to tape you up .
tr	NNS	I would 've given a million dollars to know what he was thinking .
tr	NN	" He used a condom , until the end ... he pulled it off before he finished ... " Kara retracted her hand and covered her mouth .
tr	NNS	' Something bad usually follows your worthwhile trips . '
tr	NNS	The drugs and alcohol have left marks on his skin , on everything , even the way he moves , all slow motion .
tr	NN	It made the bird almost inedible .
tr	NNS	The compensation paragraph has several blanks .
tr	NNS	I buy random items such as backgammon sets , small toolboxes , hardback books , and three cheap laptop computers .
tr	NNS	He calmed the waters slightly , using gentle currents to coax the children toward the Goddess and himself .
tr	NNS	Sarah took the biscuits out of the oven and slid one onto a small plate for him .
tr	NNS	But I was having real doubts about this little girl , ghost thing .
tr	NN	She took a pen from her pocket and began writing something on a napkin .
tr	NNS	Maybe he 'd even have her clean his house , his truck , weed his garden , run his errands .
tr	NN	His dark hair looked artificial , like something penned in with a Magic Marker .
tr	NNS	" I have offices in this building .
tr	NNS	" I have not yet taken Holy Orders . "
tr	NNS	" I 've finished my chores , papa .
tr	NN	Llama looked up the small hill and saw Sergeant Wingnut standing there , awaiting his signal .
tr	NN	Max bit back a groan .
tr	NNS	Tomorrow , the Star was visiting home design stores with her mom to properly accessorize the barn .
tr	NN	The word sent a pang through me .
tr	NN	But he never considered any other option , not once .
tr	NNS	After having her fate controlled by puppet masters for far too long , she had now taken the reins .
tr	NN	" Chet , get a pistol out and load it .
tr	NNS	Hide yourselves and wait for my move .
tr	NNS	He halted a few paces from me , his yellow eyes firing , brown fur sprouting along his forearms .
tr	NN	I recalled a rather important detail .
tr	NNS	Their leader squeezed his thighs to trap Jorge 's body , then started punching .
tr	NN	Sometimes he missed the old Heather .
tr	NNS	" Did you get the additions to the Variables list ? "
tr	NNS	Quickly scanning the shelves , at first I didn 't see anything that would be valuable , but then a silver rectangle caught my eye .
tr	NN	It was swallowing your own grief and going on , one shallow , bitter breath at a time .
tr	NNS	I let out a little hiss .
tr	NNS	" Please , everyone , enjoy yourselves .
tr	NN	' That 's too much , ' said Gwyn , ' You 'll blow up the whole valley . '
tr	NNS	Once inside the tiny chamber , Hywel lit the lamps and dismissed the guards .
tr	NN	At least he 'd hit the basket .
tr	NN	He set down the menu , genuinely crestfallen .
tr	NNS	Shall we away , gentlemen ? "
tr	NN	I 've brought terror to their town , to their children .
tr	NN	She stopped digging and smiled at the sun .
tr	NNS	I 've never had any issues with confidence , but being with Wilder is different .
tr	NN	Together , they 'd invented their own sign language so that Ren could speak without using his voice .
tr	NNS	Adolf had his scientists working toward an Atomic weapon , but setbacks abounded here as well .
tr	NNS	I had my suspicions .
tr	NN	A tremor catapulted down her spine .
tr	NNS	" She owns masses of weapons and lives by the creed that life is unjust and that only the fittest survive .
tr	NNS	Other Worlds , I have seen Other Worlds !
tr	NN	" Isaac the Jew .
tr	NNS	I rub my thumbs against her nipples , teasing gently , then I squeeze .
tr	NNS	We get our sorry butts out of this in one piece , maybe we 'll get back home to see her again .
tr	NN	" Then we 'll have a long engagement .
tr	NNS	She fixes meetings , makes sure the notes are properly encrypted and makes it her business to keep up to speed with everything that 's going on .
tr	NN	He threw a towel over her back and began to rub her down .
tr	NN	She grabbed a handful of his hair and jerked his head to the side .
tr	NN	" Can I see this proof ? "
tr	NNS	Chilling and cerebral , The Shining has more layers than a gourmet onion .
tr	NNS	You may note the eleven rather large and irate furies trying to kill me at the moment . "
tr	NNS	All the time he was making new discoveries and was in receipt of fresh revelations . '
tr	NNS	" Why are you freeing Reboots ? "
tr	NNS	" With those silly saw blades ?
tr	NN	I won 't let my own fears fuck this moment up .
tr	NNS	We surveyed our surroundings for a second and then Brad grabbed my hand .
tr	NNS	If you pledge yourselves to him , he will likely grant you comfortable positions of considerable power .
tr	NN	She crushed its sweetness between her teeth .
tr	NNS	Daniel ran the schematics through his mind : the thousands of pathways , the security loops , the traps and pitfalls .
tr	NNS	" And pick up some condoms so I can welcome you home good and proper . "
tr	NNS	" The kind of crew situations you 're talking about are generally called convenience contracts .
tr	NNS	She had satellite connections for her phone and computer .
tr	NNS	Now , as I stood by the water , I felt my powers swirling peacefully inside me .
tr	NN	He wore his favourite uniform of denims that fit snug and comfortably and a softly ribbed jumper , a rich maroon today .
tr	NNS	" Look , " Edward said , " they 've got some pretty tough tracks behind them , too .
tr	NN	" I couldn 't find anybody around , Blake .
tr	NN	He whispered the command to her even as his teeth were scraping over her frantic pulse .
tr	NNS	Find yourselves ships and get out there .
tr	NN	" We have kept faith with you .
tr	NNS	It ran from him to his father 's shaded trading table on his left some ten yards away .
tr	NNS	Bree and the rest of the girls have been making side dishes for a couple hours .
tr	NN	Come on ; give me an example ? "
tr	NNS	It gave me the creeps .
tr	NNS	Cross tweaked the microphone sensors and phased out the background noise of the traffic ; making Daniel 's words clear and distinct .
tr	NN	" Maybe a crow .
tr	NNS	Radio operators in Los Angeles report Chinese container ships unloading at Long Beach .
tr	NN	In spring snowmelt on Mount Ida swelled the stream into a torrent of foam , washing down branches and stones that rattled together amidst the flow .
tr	NN	" What did ya do that fer ? "
tr	NN	shouted the president to his main secret service agent standing outside the closed Oval Office door .
tr	NNS	They had different desires , and Alex stood in Ammon 's way from time to time , but he never , ever wanted Alex to die .
tr	NNS	He had creative solutions for so many problems .
tr	NN	Without blinking an eye , he shoved a dagger into the chest of the Sentinel I 'd dropped .
tr	NNS	" If you don 't mind I have items of a personal nature in the front pocket . "
tr	NN	" And I would deserve all your retribution .
tr	NNS	I kicked off my slippers and was out almost immediately .
tr	NNS	" She made excuses for him , like it was her fault and she deserved it . "
tr	NN	" We need that ammo .
tr	NNS	I love long car rides . "
tr	NNS	I took several long , steadying breaths .
tr	NN	Instead , I push past him , make a mad dash for the uneven stone steps that lead up to his house .
tr	NNS	He softly caressed my upper thighs first , using his foot to part my legs , snaking that little feather in dangerously close to my wet core .
tr	NNS	" They were denied the most basic rights and freedoms . "
tr	NN	Jenny 's doing siding on another house . "
tr	NNS	Tolland felt the directness of her gaze and sensed the true weight of her question .
tr	NN	He took the net from her hand and scooped up another fish .
tr	NNS	He would bend even the gods to his will .
tr	NNS	I 'd rather be stoking fires in the armory .
tr	NNS	* * * Stuart Reid hated Shifters , and now he was surrounded by them .
tr	NN	The best creations of the human mind could trace their first conception and their birth to times when ' devils ' reigned supreme of Earth .
tr	NNS	I examined the cliffs .
tr	NN	She could see a slice of moon gleaming far above and longed to climb out , as she 'd told Madeline she would .
tr	NN	He hurls a handful of square , pale green med patches at my face .
tr	NNS	He didn 't like surprises and they 'd had too many surprises lately .
tr	NNS	Alex disconnected the bodily tubes that held the heart in its place .
tr	NN	He gave a strangled yell as my claws tore into his neck , slashing at his jugular .
tr	NNS	After breakfast , he got the basics from old Manny , Mrs. Franklin 's groundskeeper .
tr	NNS	The school has really amazing activities .
tr	NN	Evelyn removes her glove fingertip by fingertip , reaches across the gap , and shakes .
tr	NN	He 'd take the reprieve any way he could get it .
tr	NNS	" And then , just a few weeks ago , you had the balls to tell me that mental illness runs in my family .
tr	NNS	I make clouds . '
tr	NNS	Where was the media , fighting over themselves to get interviews ?
tr	NNS	Declan placed his palms together , tapping his fingers .
tr	NNS	" Si , " Silvio grinned slyly .
tr	NN	I indicated a patch that seemed to mark the end of the yard and the beginning of the swamp .
tr	NN	" Thank god . "
tr	NN	Until Aden had taken the crown .
tr	NN	He watched her jaw clench again and he heard her teeth grind together .
tr	NNS	Jayden defended their actions .
tr	NN	Despite her squealing efforts to catch it , it dribbled down her black nightshirt .
tr	NN	Put your sleuthing cap on , Grace .
tr	NNS	Her calf has had similar reactions .
tr	NNS	Poor wife dropped her dishes , stunned at me more so than the words .
tr	NNS	" Your people ... " " We 'll send messengers , " she said , " explaining our regret .
tr	NNS	How old fashioned would he seem if he were do to such a thing ?
tr	NN	Becky did an inappropriate mouth gesture and turned her back on them .
tr	NN	" Or a store that sells ice cream ! "
tr	NNS	So he left the dishes on the table and headed outside , hoping to clear his head and decide what he was going to do next .
tr	NNS	She loved roses , always had .
tr	NNS	I just dropped off my other dogs at the doggy day care and paid for a week before I left to drive up here .
tr	NNS	Though I admit , they usually tow crates , not people . "
tr	NNS	The units have few vulnerable areas and unless the weapons are powerful it will take multiple hits before a unit is inoperable . "
tr	NNS	We have warship allies within a week 's travel . "
tr	NNS	With trembling fingers , she picked the streaming masses of reeking liquid from its head , leaning toward it despite the frantic screaming in her mind .
tr	NNS	Above all , the grass was reviving wonderfully ; we should save far more of the cattle than we had hoped .
tr	NNS	John defended his nightly activities , though he smiled to himself .
tr	NN	I have no liking for witches , but not even I can deny they know how to brew a hell of an ointment . "
tr	NN	He gave a shrug of his wide shoulders .
tr	NN	Trish had a miscarriage a few years back .
tr	NN	" Well , thank goodness for that !
tr	NNS	Angelique paid off her guardians and slipped into the cab .
tr	NNS	Unless one had special arrangements .
tr	NNS	Moments later we left the brightness outside for the darkness of the stadium tunnels and our date with destiny .
tr	NNS	Not everyone could harness the marks ; no , The Walking Dead said there had to be power in the blood to do it .
tr	NNS	I could feel his hardness pressing against my stomach , and I knew his little charade was turning him on as well .
tr	NNS	Beer and music kept the drinkers ' attentions inside .
tr	NNS	He took down the basics , then paused to pat the black lab on the head .
tr	NNS	These drinks couldn 't have cost twenty-five dollars apiece , even with a big tip added on .
tr	NN	Tony looked up and down Bob 's slender , 130 pound frame .
tr	NNS	Penelope remembered the girl 's colorful braids from the funeral , but didn 't think Tasha was their warden .
tr	NNS	Just then , I saw the two bikers stopped and parked at the hostel gate .
tr	NNS	There were dickhead fight clubs where people brought shit like pillowcases full of rocks and frying pans .
tr	NNS	Not that any of the other guards watching were above taking bribes .
tr	NNS	We 've been courting these potential clients for several months and there 's the possibility of losing them if I reschedule the calls . "
tr	NNS	" Do they just give them numbers instead ? "
tr	NN	She 'd expected a night nurse , someone checking on her one last time before lights out .
tr	NNS	He also leases timber rights on another 10,000 acres from other people .
tr	NNS	Tom thinks our chances of getting one running are good .
tr	NN	Plunging her hands into the lukewarm water , she pulled out the rag and twisted it hard .
tr	NNS	I counted five shots to the chest .
tr	NNS	Don 't hide your reactions .
tr	NNS	The message she needed had no identifying data , no electronic signature she could use to track down the sender .
tr	NNS	She pulled a soft blue sundress from the hanger angrily .
tr	NNS	But I heard her footfalls crunching the sand that covered everything here , even the concrete parking lot .
tr	NNS	The rain pummeled the roofs and the walls .
tr	NN	He never felt such an attraction to a woman as he did to Veronica .
tr	NNS	" I hate hospitals . "
tr	NNS	" Three thousand dollars .
tr	NN	A woman near tears had that effect on him , but this one was even stronger than most .
tr	NN	After plunking two drinks into the cupholders , she drew out a small stone statue .
tr	NN	" Lemon juice , sugar , and vodka . "
tr	NN	He raised his rifle and took aim , but a crunch behind him drew his attention .
tr	NN	I forced a nonchalant shrug .
tr	NNS	You need Clary 's rune powers and Simon 's vampire strength .
tr	NN	He opened the car trunk , and his hands shook .
tr	NNS	" Looks like number eleven .
tr	NNS	If anything it just confirmed her suspicions that there was something going on that she needed to get to the bottom of .
tr	NNS	He could hear Ridley screaming , pink and blond hair whipping through the air as she jumped onto John .
tr	NN	He picks up a basket from the coffee table and hands it to me .
tr	NN	The hand without the pick tore away the white substance faster .
tr	NNS	Greece needed new supplies , and secure ones , before a really bad year spread famine through the land .
tr	NNS	He had cut at least three inches and it felt deep .
tr	NN	I closed the skylight as we stepped onto the frame of the roof .
tr	NN	Julian kissed her fervently , spinning her around and pressing her against the door .
tr	NN	But maybe when you ran from him , Aria , he got his proof .
tr	NN	" Perhaps you had an urge to waltz after all ? "
tr	NNS	Who designed those awful gowns you used to wear ? '
tr	NNS	Amy had dog biscuits in her pocket , but she didn 't need them .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't see the runes on my car , so I had no proof .
tr	NN	They should have been showing him the utmost deference .
tr	NN	She had the original source material , after all .
tr	NNS	" He doesn 't drain our powers . "
tr	NN	Maybe he 's paid his karmic debt and is free .
tr	NN	" Maybe we can create enough havoc to allow Salvation to evacuate . "
tr	NN	He dribbled the melted ice cream down her skin .
tr	NN	Hopefully you just lost a clamp .
tr	NN	I could fail the whole quarter !
tr	NNS	Nick picked through the closet , one piece of clothing at a time , checking pockets , bottoms of shoes , and inside liners of coats .
tr	NN	The web page shows the same sprawling valley that Stillwater inhabits , but glistening through the steam from a hot tub , high in the mountains .
tr	NN	Jonas , for heaven 's sake , put down that whip . "
tr	NNS	" How about one million dollars ? "
tr	NNS	" Dr. Lundquist and I have outlined the changes from my previous plan and those are being handed out to you now . "
tr	NNS	I slowed down my movements inside her so she could focus back on our conversation .
tr	NNS	I do not remember any settlements on this stretch of river , so I am assuming that it had to be a scouting party for nomad raiders .
tr	NNS	We both froze at the contact , and she looked down at me , her face three inches from mine .
tr	NN	I ignored my legal counsel when they suggested a restraining order , and then she released the Kraken ... her legion of bloodthirsty fans .
tr	NN	Why would Lysander leave the coven , then ?
tr	NN	If they see through the spell , Bec and I will make a dash for the hole and the rest of you can fight then . "
tr	NNS	I fed some coins and punched some numbers .
tr	NN	She had drawn a grid precisely over the hull .
tr	NNS	Cole vaulted up the bleachers and sat down beside her .
tr	NN	I was hoping the latter .
tr	NN	He opened my towel , his fingers traveling down the sides of my breast along my ribs down to my waist .
tr	NNS	And why Kate had those powers !
tr	NNS	" Dad said eleven . "
tr	NN	As the elevator arrived and the doors opened , Gray gave him a thumbnail sketch of the story .
tr	NN	She made a flourishing gesture toward the tables with her arm .
tr	NNS	Some of the guys to my side have a few boulders , fist sized fragments of the rock face , lain on the floor beside them .
tr	NN	And underneath ... " Julie lifted his hospital gown and revealed his flaccid cock .
tr	NNS	He and Caterina will resume their obligations when she gets back . "
tr	NN	" Excuse me , ladies , but I have an announcement to make . "
tr	NN	She yanked open the third drawer to find an opened box of ballpoint pens and a checkbook .
tr	NN	He retrieved the pillow and curled up on his side .
tr	NNS	Not everyone gets your jokes . "
tr	NNS	You and I have magical powers .
tr	NN	Suspicion ripples his temple as he scans over the pad .
tr	NN	He opened a tobacco tin and started to roll a joint .
tr	NNS	It took two tugs to get Ty moving .
tr	NNS	They have adults who don 't score as well as you did , so it makes them wonder if you had outside help . "
tr	NNS	In any event , we could ferret out her motivations later .
tr	NN	Take solace that you rose to the occasion .
tr	NN	" Each person will have an assigned task , and each person will be responsible for doing the task well .
tr	NNS	We finished the last drops .
tr	NN	" But , " interrupted Charlie , " that only means immunity from Congress , right ?
tr	NNS	They paid little heed to Ezio , who watched warily , unsure of his next move .
tr	NNS	He 's got little bits and pieces strewn all over his bedspread .
tr	NNS	Someone was throwing pebbles at my window .
tr	NNS	I haven 't been receiving my daily promised texts like she said I would .
tr	NN	Opening my eyes and sitting up , I recognized Jax 's apartment complex .
tr	NNS	They jumped off their platforms and burst into monkeys .
tr	NNS	She took two coffee cups out of the cabinet and came to sit beside him .
tr	NNS	Dever saw the sergeant stripes on his sleeve .
tr	NN	He could see the bulldozer through the trees and hear the roar .
tr	NNS	I feel the coolness of the machine .
tr	NN	You showed great potential . ' '
tr	NN	That held a whole new meaning for me now .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any skates . "
tr	NN	Lifting the blade , she placed the razor on the sink and braced for the pain .
tr	NNS	The voice was growing nearer !
tr	NN	You will not shake my faith in her , or Tommy 's .
tr	NNS	I 'll work out the arrangements .
tr	NN	Father raised his drinking horn .
tr	NNS	You consider your mystic powers as some sort of right to rule ?
tr	NN	Meagan assessed her friend 's distracted demeanor .
tr	NN	Hell have no fury like a woman scorned . "
tr	NNS	Two young women entered varying bowls of soup .
tr	NNS	Apparently , Nadia has had a few issues with drugs .
tr	NNS	Cut your losses . "
tr	NN	" Your only option . "
tr	NN	He felt an impulse to ham it up , to moan in fake agony .
tr	NNS	" Why do we keep switching restaurants , anyway ? "
tr	NN	She had left the clinic at noon .
tr	NN	When you 're finished let me know the cost .
tr	NN	" Someone that you helped returned the favor to me when Dobson was searching the Pork Pit .
tr	NNS	I had enough troubles without someone involved in arms deals showing up at my doorstep .
tr	NNS	That one had borne the overlapping hospital scents of antiseptic , people , and the faint , faraway odor of urine .
tr	NN	He shifted uncomfortably again and sipped from his water .
tr	NN	Clearly I 'd just added a cherry to the already yummy sundae of my situation .
tr	NNS	Sighing , she tossed aside the covers , then sat up and slipped her feet into slippers .
tr	NN	Yves swept down the gangplank .
tr	NNS	He popped the covers back onto the tubes and gathered them in his arms .
tr	NNS	Shaken , he redoubled his efforts to concentrate .
tr	NN	Don had barely retrieved his fork before slamming it back down and preparing to pick up his fighting fists once more .
tr	NNS	" ... the Scientists . "
tr	NNS	I handed over the coins I had managed to retrieve , but there were more .
tr	NNS	Evangeline stares at me .
tr	NNS	I did just destroy your empress . "
tr	NNS	He heard the insistent wails of his worshipers ; he felt thirst again ; he wanted hymns and blood .
tr	NN	KT screamed then made a very short prayer to the Goddess asking for more forward velocity .
tr	NN	MaryAnn screamed the command .
tr	NNS	Those fortunate souls who survived Hank 's initial blast shed all inhibitions and all practiced customs to play part in total chaos .
tr	NNS	If it 's not ... " He turned up his palms .
tr	NN	Mimi stifled a snort .
tr	NNS	The Essenes do not heed our sacred rites . "
tr	NNS	She had a few freckles across her body , but for the most part , she was all ivory skin and temptation .
tr	NN	" Jacqueline wants cheesecake , frosted with sweetened cream cheese . "
tr	NNS	Bringing Tegan and Stalker into the fold had enhanced our chances of survival , but it also changed everything .
tr	NN	He gave us the coordinates : we 've got to try . "
tr	NN	A chill of apprehension swept down Hannah 's spine at the distress in the sixteen-year-old 's voice .
tr	NN	You give a good yank - here , I 'll demonstrate . "
tr	NN	" Tribes also have a social rank with prestige of a chieftain too . "
tr	NNS	Standing thumb out at the side of the road would only make her more conspicuous , especially with a child in tow .
tr	NNS	I set some explosives , pushed a button , and it all went up in flame .
tr	NNS	I also included the lyrics to each track so you can see how everything comes together .
tr	NN	Alice forced down a lump in her throat and , with a grim determination , lifted her bag onto the worn cloth seat .
tr	NN	But I had a hunch she 'd already signed it , and I don 't feel so good about chemistry , so I decided to check .
tr	NNS	A stick snapped a few yards to the left of us , and the world lost the little color it had .
tr	NNS	" My son gave me these runes on the last birthday I spent with him .
tr	NNS	I have some skills ... " The butler calmly began to set the dishes onto a tray he carried .
tr	NN	He pulled out a package of spine and danced it in front of Samuel like a strip of bacon in front of a dog .
tr	NN	" Shar is getting the throne , not me . "
tr	NN	We 'll get your Cajun cupcake up here for that . "
tr	NNS	She had other lovers , but I was her last .
tr	NNS	" How 'd we get sea dragons in the pond ? "
tr	NN	A cold finger whispered down his spine .
tr	NN	" Pollock found an actual meteorite .
tr	NN	Now they 're re-writing her personality to fit their agenda .
tr	NN	" So you can move furniture .
tr	NNS	He followed the wires to the pump motors and the valve actuators that opened and closed the valves .
tr	NNS	I still have the teeth marks to prove it .
tr	NN	I have a long dead plant and I rip it from the planter and scatter the remaining dirt in a heaping mound .
tr	NN	John put the tin away .
tr	NNS	Behind my lids , I saw visions I didn 't want to see .
tr	NNS	I have some errands I need to attend to this morning .
tr	NNS	She turned the pages , leafing through the book as the guests chattered and the children played .
tr	NNS	I shoved my small doubts down , and watched his body go from an exotic tattoo to the reality of the image .
tr	NNS	Suddenly in front of him , he saw the remains of the baguette he had brought into the room .
tr	NN	I put aside philosophy for the moment .
tr	NN	At the moment , we 've reached a truce .
tr	NN	This morning she realized her neglect and thought it best to make apologies directly to the guests .
tr	NN	" This is good ladies , " Bex said , his mouth ful of food .
tr	NN	He had not expected forgiveness to come so easily .
tr	NN	She picked up a slice of toast only to find that her appetite was gone .
tr	NNS	He 'd also been making rugs for a very long time ; that was obvious .
tr	NN	It had the same stair railing across the entire hall of the second floor .
tr	NNS	We can stop these armies ... " She trailed off , feeling foolish .
tr	NN	Mark showed Zack the film , and afterwards , Zack agreed that Nicholas and Peter should stay .
tr	NN	I also have a police radio scanner so I can hear if they 're coming for us . "
tr	NNS	She 'd put away the dishes and straightened up .
tr	NN	I cant play football until everything 's better again - but yeah , you can ! "
tr	NNS	That afternoon , I had two classes and two free periods .
tr	NNS	They were devoted members of the local Civil Defence group and instigators of Neighbourhood Watch .
tr	NNS	Dimitri read off the numbers at the bottom of her check , then snapped the phone shut and looked at her .
tr	NNS	Was he eating thee square meals a day ?
tr	NNS	We had some gold coins to use as money but didn 't actually need them .
tr	NN	The next thing Matthew knew , he and Bax had reached their bunk .
tr	NN	He scratched his right temple with the barrel of the gun , frowning .
tr	NNS	I didn 't know much about bugs , but I could appreciate their industry and appearance when they weren 't in the house .
tr	NN	I grabbed that midnight blue soap and went to the window .
tr	NN	Those personal storage cupboards the Blood created with Craft and power couldn 't support anything that was alive .
tr	NNS	He 'd had his doubts about Max being the dominant force in his relationship with Callie .
tr	NN	I opened the curtain and held a finger across my lips .
tr	NN	Two held his music collection .
tr	NN	You have a certain flair for ... thievery .
tr	NN	You take my meaning ? "
tr	NNS	And he would have these fits , like epileptic fits , like anger that couldn 't be dammed .
tr	NNS	I saw the earlier tapes , when you were a child .
tr	NNS	She was stunned breathless for a moment , too shocked to move .
tr	NNS	" You get any responses on those internships ? "
tr	NNS	" So you 've helped brownies birth babies ? "
tr	NN	He nipped her playfully with his teeth , lapped her lovingly with his tongue , and finally pulled her aching nipple into his mouth once more .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths and we continued our kiss .
tr	NNS	Until then , Grace had the simple chores .
tr	NNS	You can use two bits of wood and an egg .
tr	NN	Pulling his cell phone off his belt , he called his deputy chief .
tr	NNS	" After all , I had no markings .
tr	NN	Soon the farmer would give the password and indicate their safe house for the night .
tr	NNS	And I 'd get points for doing a good deed .
tr	NN	I took out my pen and drew hearts on my notebook , not looking at her .
tr	NNS	Dylan had two plates set close together on the table .
tr	NNS	She shed the slacks and sweater and traded them for a t-shirt that just reached her thighs .
tr	NNS	And all three were pointing crossbows at him .
tr	NNS	They 've got troubles there with some gangs . "
tr	NNS	I view black panels surrounding the arena .
tr	NN	The clock was striking seven forty-five by the time we finished our meal .
tr	NNS	He analyzes more samples .
tr	NNS	He made marks in the snow , similar to the ones he 'd made for me , then barked at the old she-wolf .
tr	NN	It quickly rotated its wing by the joint and stabbed the pointed , hooked joint down at him .
tr	NN	I felt a small prick of anger that this woman had blinded me for so long , but I couldn 't think about that now .
tr	NN	Well , strictly speaking , he 'd just tied a double knot in it .
tr	NN	She felt a brief pang of guilt , then caught the satisfied gleam in Stokes 's eye as he watched the man go .
tr	NN	We were headed southeast .
tr	NNS	We ran two blocks , coming to a stop behind a dark house with an assortment of trash and broken toys in the backyard .
tr	NNS	She took the proffered items from Jem and began to scribble .
tr	NNS	Neither the Rangers nor our own department have arrest powers here , or facilities for performing inquiries .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs .
tr	NNS	With a flourish they placed down four stacks of chips -- two crimson , two ebony .
tr	NN	I replaced the receiver and turned to Ben .
tr	NNS	" I have brought my supplies . "
tr	NNS	" No hugs and kisses ? "
tr	NNS	She wished for higher heels instead of the pale pink ballet slippers she 'd put on with her flower print dress .
tr	NNS	Normally , I despise crowds and proximity , but now the claustrophobic confines of a raucous nightclub seemed comforting .
tr	NNS	In fact , I quite admire your efforts .
tr	NN	Each realm had some manner of forest and dense woodland attached .
tr	NN	Can 't we have steak ? "
tr	NN	Before she could ask another question , she felt a ripple of power behind her .
tr	NN	Ambrose signalled Roman style , thumb up , and Polonius slipped his knife into his belt .
tr	NNS	From the paw prints in the dirt , I 'd say dogs . "
tr	NN	The river , although shallow , provided adequate protection from the sun during the day .
tr	NNS	Somewhere above she could hear the rotors of the chopper again .
tr	NNS	So while the rest of the camp were snoring Alex was pounding the country roads around Carlisle .
tr	NNS	The truck bumps over the tracks and comes to a stop twenty feet away from us .
tr	NN	' Of the painting ? '
tr	NNS	I filled my pockets with the driest little twigs , bark and dead grass I could find .
tr	NN	Cheyenne grabbed a wad and blew into it .
tr	NN	The Marine settled the cap back on his head , adjusted it to his exacting specifications and nodded .
tr	NN	Yet Isabella felt her shoulders slump as she expelled a deep breath .
tr	NNS	Large bushes and trees hid their actions from any prying eyes .
tr	NN	Iseo tucked another cloth around the child .
tr	NNS	You get too many accidents .
tr	NNS	I will defeat my Fae rivals , kill their clan leader , and take command of their opening on the ley line .
tr	NN	Somewhere amongst the fields of blackness he felt a breeze on his face and in his hair .
tr	NNS	Which , sadly , means no knives for you , Gin . "
tr	NNS	My mind was sending the signals but my arms did not respond , hanging limply at my sides .
tr	NN	" What other option do we have ? "
tr	NN	I introduced our newest visitor .
tr	NNS	Julian put his utensils down with care and met Nick 's eyes .
tr	NNS	But she never discussed politics .
tr	NNS	Of course , he 'd heard the shots , but when Hawk didn 't come back , he 'd begun to get really worried .
tr	NNS	Stumbling and sloshing , he carried the two buckets toward the sound of Melody 's voice .
tr	NNS	Unknown to me , the doctor I had been seeing during my pregnancy had designs on you .
tr	NN	" With the earthquake . "
tr	NNS	His strips his slacks off and kicks them to the floor .
tr	NN	" I did some riding .
tr	NNS	General redirect our efforts to the square we will not waste our efforts on stalling them any further . "
tr	NN	" We left some innocent folk behind to die because this filth was taking up the space . "
tr	NN	That he did so only emphasized the seriousness of the situation .
tr	NN	While Gel played , he had tied down the sail and made it fast .
tr	NNS	Chapter 17 He stumbled into the lobby , its blaring music battering his rattled senses .
tr	NNS	She slowly retracts the scales to reveal thin , tight fingers .
tr	NN	Standing at arm 's length across the counter , I watch the clock , thinking how he should ice for at least ten minutes .
tr	NNS	They 're expecting us , " he said importantly and threw out his chest .
tr	NN	" Anyway , I have a proposal for the meeting in two days .
tr	NNS	" Personality can add inches where high heels fail . "
tr	NNS	But you can sometimes read reactions in his eyes .
tr	NNS	But she was no longer excavating planets , so that was out .
tr	NN	Occasionally he wrote a feature article , and she read those just as avidly .
tr	NN	My dad found a litter of Weimaraner puppies for sale , so he was on his way to get one when a logging truck hit him . "
tr	NNS	I could count four pairs in the firelight , and decided the darkness was starting to look friendly .
tr	NNS	The man already calculated his chances with her .
tr	NNS	I don 't exactly have the greater gods on speed dial .
tr	NNS	" Why would they send Officials from HQ ?
tr	NNS	Colin didn 't like surprises , and he didn 't think Luna 's grandparents would appreciate stumbling upon the information sometime in the future .
tr	NN	Before I could reply , she spotted a hot dog vendor .
tr	NNS	A cold fist gripped Jonas 's insides .
tr	NN	He stopped pacing and stared down at me .
tr	NNS	A mother had carefully counted out the diapers she 'd need for the flight , adding a few extras just in case .
tr	NN	He tossed a glare toward Cassie .
tr	NNS	At that moment I heard wheels on the gravel and saw a fancy black car pull up behind mine .
tr	NN	" Don 't give me that crap !
tr	NNS	Honest reviews from readers help authors and make it easier for people to find books they will enjoy .
tr	NNS	She still had doubts about his interest in her .
tr	NN	You 've seen the proof .
tr	NN	Daisy tugged off her apron and shoved it hard at his chest .
tr	NNS	And he 'd rather get his brains blown out than allow her to experience another minute of the terror she was undoubtedly experiencing .
tr	NN	And yet , a closer inspection would reveal the truly commercial aspect of this deceptively puritanical celebration .
tr	NN	Moments later her emotions finished their orbit , and she was back to feeling terrified .
tr	NNS	Nikolas flexed his palms .
tr	NNS	We shouldn 't need the globes for our hijacking .
tr	NN	" I 've always admired your intelligence , even when you were human .
tr	NN	He made a gesture to one of the gunmen , who brought her a metal mug filled with water .
tr	NNS	Teel raised her crimson talons to her earlobe and tugged twice .
tr	NN	I could use something cheerful . "
tr	NN	We could find a more amenable location for our conversation . "
tr	NN	Bertie misinterpreted her meaning and inclined his head politely .
tr	NNS	I could hear the soft murmurs of water behind me as Eliot followed me down into the baths .
tr	NN	And it won 't do any harm to my chances of passing my interview exam .
tr	NN	In the second , she performed a new concert .
tr	NN	Now I want some cotton candy .
tr	NN	The kindly maid held out a small basket that offered a most tempting aroma .
tr	NN	She slipped out her pistol and pointed it forward .
tr	NNS	James drank two cups of whiskey while the cute maid cleaned up the glass .
tr	NN	He didn 't remember the prayer , now .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to touch her .
tr	NN	Rick had a natural affinity for a crowd , and an innate ability to bridge the divide between disparate groups of people .
tr	NN	I would 've questioned the meat quality and preservatives in the red sauce .
tr	NNS	Another drop lands on my foot , so I move back a little .
tr	NN	He views the empty basket , " Except for freaking food .
tr	NNS	She was testing the waters and Lucien decided to give her the lead in this uncertain situation .
tr	NNS	No one 's seen any bears or mountain lions this close to town in years . "
tr	NNS	The King held all the cards in his hands .
tr	NNS	I 'd notice stains on your aura . "
tr	NNS	" And what if Graham decides that since you have a gun , he 'll arm his own Shifters ?
tr	NN	Jack fished a cutter out of the tool bag and severed the ropes binding Ajax .
tr	NNS	You must follow his teachings and instructions , once that sire accepts responsibility for you .
tr	NNS	He traced the dimension marks on the blueprints .
tr	NNS	The aroma of chocolate increased immensely .
tr	NNS	Floyd hesitated for a moment , then dropped three cards onto the pile .
tr	NNS	I could already foresee the arguments that would come when I told Dorian I was leaving Isaac and Ivy where they were .
tr	NN	Sandbag noted Dollop 's smirk .
tr	NNS	You were making noises . "
tr	NNS	In the kitchen , her mother paced the floors , muttering in Greek .
tr	NNS	Gage presses out a smile that sends a hot bite of lust ripping through my insides .
tr	NNS	They both had issues to overcome but I 'd never met two people more perfect for each other .
tr	NNS	" Calm your waters ! "
tr	NN	Only a Titan could kill a god , and Calliope was exactly like me : immortal .
tr	NNS	The woman still gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	We exchanged phone numbers by flashlight . "
tr	NN	The Saturday date with Tony reaffirmed my capacity for enduring pain .
tr	NNS	How had he missed the giants ?
tr	NNS	" Maybe we don 't need the air mattress .
tr	NNS	Through the windscreen his eyes scanned the figures moving across the carpark and through the hospital 's large automatic doors .
tr	NNS	The world financial crises caused millions to become jobless .
tr	NNS	Those of you who would see to our defense , please array yourselves along the top of the wall . "
tr	NN	How she 'd worked her butt off to place more roadblocks in his way .
tr	NNS	The footsteps had quickened their paces .
tr	NN	Woodpecker witnessed this from the Birds ' Temple building 's roof terrace .
tr	NN	Nor did I ever do any notable deed with my own arm but once .
tr	NN	He put the needle in slowly , watching for a reaction .
tr	NNS	Colors and sparkles bombarded my senses until I felt slightly dizzy .
tr	NN	He 'll want a trade .
tr	NNS	Letters he wrote , photographs , a family tree .
tr	NNS	Colton heard huge chunks of rock crashing down on equipment in the garage , crunching metal and grinding against the smooth walls .
tr	NNS	Andrew , who had spent his first ten years in Houston , followed the Houston teams religiously .
tr	NNS	And for whatever reason , I liked Rhys .
tr	NNS	My side has grilled vegetables on it .
tr	NNS	" Maybe not , " Jack said , " but you do hide the deeds of criminals . "
tr	NNS	The lock recessed a few inches into the wall .
tr	NNS	But Crom doesn 't grant prayers .
tr	NNS	I have some errands to run anyway if you don 't mind tagging along . "
tr	NNS	" We have clubs . "
tr	NNS	She brought two cups of tea to the table and set one in front of me .
tr	NNS	As soon as you get to middle school at Porter church , you spend many weekends with a hammer in your hand .
tr	NNS	Having to wade through several inches of water in the predawn chill drew grumbled complaints as the group sought private spots amid the shrubs lining the bank .
tr	NNS	" Say goodbye Andrea . "
tr	NN	' I have a trunk coming by road . '
tr	NN	He stifled a groan but didn 't thrust .
tr	NN	The impact of his undiluted stare sent a quiver of awareness down her spine , a gush of longing through her veins .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his palms over his eyes , reminding her of an exhausted but weary little boy .
tr	NN	I would sell a kidney to shoe your feet and I 'd sell my soul , if I still had one , to make you smile . "
tr	NN	She doesn 't actually have proof , finally wondering if she should have waited for a scroll or something .
tr	NN	Dread ran up her spine .
tr	NN	" You have no respect for the dead or for your elders .
tr	NNS	Therefore , Sonia could not abide her own wonky efforts .
tr	NNS	" He knows the Greek gods and goddesses better than anyone on earth . "
tr	NN	You 've betrayed your Mother ! "
tr	NNS	" My firm owns those two condos over there .
tr	NNS	Listen , kid , don 't make excuses .
tr	NNS	" We won 't need any fart jokes for at least a half hour . "
tr	NNS	He couldn 't drop her a flare , he couldn 't try the engines .
tr	NNS	I wanted the perfect emptiness of the void .
tr	NN	He saw the rock slam into Hayes 's chest and heard the gun fire .
tr	NNS	They carried no shields .
tr	NN	Jane eyed the clock on the wall .
tr	NNS	They 'd taken trips to Australia and New Zealand , Europe and China , purchased new cars and dined out often .
tr	NN	The thing was , I would have given him my virginity .
tr	NN	' For my sins , ' said the bartender with a hearty laugh .
tr	NNS	" I have cards .
tr	NN	I don 't like either option .
tr	NNS	" I 've brought some biscuits to tempt her with . "
tr	NN	He held his right arm cupped against his chest , protecting what felt to him like broken ribs .
tr	NN	Whatever he said at breakfast could potentially put in motion the saving of the lives of his family .
tr	NNS	If it weren 't for being afraid I 'd crack your cast open , I 'd show you a few more tricks with my big stick . "
tr	NN	I fought the urge to throw something at his face .
tr	NN	Plenty of people in the world had talent of one kind or another .
tr	NN	She couldn 't see more than a stretch of empty lane between the nettles and weeds that rose like curtains on either side .
tr	NN	He absently picked up a handful of pebbles and threw one toward the cliffs startling the cat .
tr	NNS	" This is Gavin , and this is Anthony , " he pointed out his companions .
tr	NN	I gripped his t-shirt in my fists , bracing for him to pul away .
tr	NN	Besides , one must have a fortune to get any law .
tr	NN	Vanessa taps her fork on her plate .
tr	NN	I can make an excellent noose , but there 's nothing to hang myself from .
tr	NN	Fortunately , I have an alternate supply of Hab canvas : The Hab .
tr	NN	" He attributed his health , continued the speaker , " to eating toasted cheese .
tr	NNS	Mary opened her thighs giving him better access .
tr	NNS	Saw your texts . "
tr	NNS	He had checked the cables and junction boxes as best he could but , again , hadn 't been able to find any problems .
tr	NNS	His knees gave way under the enormity of the conspiracy the cold data spun .
tr	NNS	What do you mean parasites ? "
tr	NNS	He normally kept good tabs on everything happening in the forest .
tr	NN	" I will keep The Owner .
tr	NN	I reached the landing .
tr	NNS	" Can our women row our ships ? "
tr	NN	Meanwhile , the Media Continues its Quest to Uncover the Mission Behind Coalition Island .
tr	NN	He used the same code as he did at the hatch , knowing it would work .
tr	NNS	" I can give you back your powers .
tr	NNS	They trap deer and other animals to eat .
tr	NNS	" I could always just leave forty dollars in his car ... or you could just let him pay for you . "
tr	NN	She could remember every nuance of the day she 'd told him .
tr	NN	He slanted an accusing glare at Butch .
tr	NNS	" Though he did take six pints .
tr	NN	Her donkey ears twitch , a plea for silence to allow sleep .
tr	NNS	" Don 't leave any condoms on the floor ; they might think I 'm accepting favors from the girls on Soledad Street . "
tr	NNS	At once , I emptied my pockets of all my loose change , my keys and my cell phone .
tr	NNS	" And I will need several extras in blank , as well .
tr	NNS	Andrew laid his cards on the table and picked up his scotch .
tr	NN	I couldn 't fight the impulse any longer .
tr	NNS	As Jeremiah waited , he rummaged through his suit pants pockets , pulling out receipts and other little slips of paper .
tr	NN	He opened the trunk and sighed at the sight that greeted him .
tr	NNS	Inflation badly affected the working classes and the poor .
tr	NNS	" I love these bands . "
tr	NNS	He also made arrangements for Andy to be sent back to Indiana .
tr	NN	" At least I 'm saved that hassle . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't all interior decorators own vans ? "
tr	NNS	" I have connections in the industry if you 'd be interested in getting studio time . "
tr	NNS	Sweat dampened her palms and she fought the urge to swipe them down her skirt .
tr	NNS	They detonated the explosives as they waded out to sea .
tr	NNS	The face beheld the many Girls in Red littering the forest floor beyond .
tr	NNS	At first , she 'd used her new surroundings and her husband 's new friends as subjects .
tr	NN	Why does he have so much equipment here at home ?
tr	NN	Kendra regarded the Minotaur .
tr	NN	The mask had little design to it , prompting function over decoration .
tr	NN	Geraldine had thrown caution to the winds , laughed at everyone 's expectations , and made a life with the Were she loved .
tr	NN	The brothers have taken up a vote and decided not to allow outsiders into the grounds for the time being . "
tr	NN	You 'll find in your boxes an item that 's going to help diffuse any unwanted electrical impulses , and keep you from jumping .
tr	NN	After a brief handshake with his ecstatic client , Logan heaved a groan of relief .
tr	NNS	It helps the wolves to live in peace .
tr	NN	" I will say a special prayer to my god for your eyesight . "
tr	NN	I also called the hotel desk clerk , informed him that I was a day sleeper and hung the Do Not Disturb sign on my door .
tr	NN	She felt her legs sweep out from under her , and suddenly she was on the ground for the second time of this encounter .
tr	NN	Within seconds , he was stripped to the waist , his heavily muscled pecs and strong abs horribly white under the glare of the fluorescent lights .
tr	NN	" Hang her " came the chant .
tr	NNS	He had all the cards in his favor .
tr	NN	Andy tapped the pen against his desk in a nervous gesture .
tr	NN	I liked that speech too .
tr	NNS	I followed her directions and soon found myself deep within the park , surrounded by trees of all varieties , their leaves turning the colors of autumn .
tr	NN	All of these voices make my head dizzy .
tr	NNS	A longer list meant more clients for him , more damages to be paid by the Hanna company .
tr	NNS	" You can 't fly two airplanes at once and both you and I are the only two who can fly the twin P-38 . "
tr	NNS	He breathed it in , the tales it told of the night .
tr	NN	What other proof do you need ? "
tr	NNS	Had he sported track marks ?
tr	NN	Where before they had looked at him with disdain , now they gave him grudging respect .
tr	NN	She heard his guttural growl as he began to kiss her neck , his h * ps arching toward her .
tr	NN	" Will you do me a great favor ?
tr	NNS	Most of the workers were wearing black T-shirts with green lettering .
tr	NNS	" The first one of us to laugh loses fifty points . "
tr	NN	The horror at what I could say became apparent , a bizarre urge to tell all .
tr	NN	Josef fingered the vial in his pocket .
tr	NNS	Each step he took punished my ribs and back as I jerked and flopped against him .
tr	NNS	" I have a lot more abilities than I admitted to this company .
tr	NN	The bandit just sat there -- a statue except for the puffs he drew from the pipe .
tr	NN	" Zero , tangle rush , " she called out the command , one of many she had taught him over time .
tr	NN	I tossed my pizza back into the box and shut it .
tr	NNS	A car had stopped inches from where my huddled body had landed .
tr	NNS	They created many more gods and demigods .
tr	NNS	Echo dropped the apple bits and ran forward to hug her friend as the fae landed gracefully before them .
tr	NNS	They rented bicycles and pedaled along the narrow roads to the Ding Darling nature reserve on the causeway connecting Captiva Island to Sanibel .
tr	NNS	He had square ceramic plates and a collection of old Star Wars toys .
tr	NNS	She 'd apparently forgotten the peanuts , which was fine .
tr	NNS	The place gave me the creeps .
tr	NNS	' But , not all women suffered Jess .
tr	NN	She remembered the little tag and tossed it into bushes .
tr	NN	But , Toby , no one must read that document , not now , and maybe not ever . "
tr	NNS	With the same wants and needs and desires .
tr	NN	Or to rush her treatment .
tr	NNS	And they will expect such miracles .
tr	NNS	As his body required no nourishment of any kind , he spent centuries reliving his past over and over again , in his mind .
tr	NN	That much liquor will unleash a seizure . "
tr	NN	Summer 's section of Jaunt rumors and apocrypha contained other unsettling intelligence as well : the Jaunt had apparently been used several times as a murder weapon .
tr	NN	" Learned what lesson ?
tr	NN	" Odd , like the decorator was flinging the paint . "
tr	NN	How 'd they make that bird ? "
tr	NN	He gave a light squeeze on her fingers and smiled at her .
tr	NNS	She yanked a few blades of grass from the ground .
tr	NNS	Our enemy holds all the cards , and this is the only lead we 've got .
tr	NNS	" I suspected their methods .
tr	NNS	There were cooked vegetables , a selection of fruit , some chicken , and burritos .
tr	NN	Dana could no longer hold a fork , so I 'd feed her ; a week later , she couldn 't walk or talk at all .
tr	NNS	Call off the dogs . "
tr	NN	The man shrugged , a gleam in his eyes .
tr	NN	The effect made her stomach flutter , while an undeniable heat spread its way across her skin .
tr	NNS	And do not worry yourselves , both of you .
tr	NN	He punched his pillow and rolled over .
tr	NNS	" We still don 't have the numbers though , even with Ares and Hephaestus , " said Hestia , and I straightened .
tr	NNS	" Thanks for coming with me tonight , " I told Jess as I climbed into the passenger seat , trying to infuse my tone with gratitude .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't , wouldn 't , take any chances with either .
tr	NNS	They took the birds to Waving Willow , and she exclaimed how good they had done .
tr	NNS	Well , perhaps he should ok the helmets .
tr	NN	" What language is this ? "
tr	NNS	" I applaud your efforts , girl .
tr	NNS	I could picture students gathered there , studying in front of the crackling flames .
tr	NNS	She had her doubts .
tr	NNS	' Soon a gentle light stole over the heavens and gave me a sensation of pleasure .
tr	NN	He retrieved my shoe .
tr	NNS	But Valerie had shared common interests with the other guys she 'd dated , too .
tr	NNS	So far , all of them are showing potential weaving skills .
tr	NN	It will cure your attitude . "
tr	NNS	Ben Horton overextended his finances to the point he couldn 't make his tax payments .
tr	NNS	" Why can 't I bring two coins ? "
tr	NN	Evidently he had learned that lesson so well that it was second nature to him now .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods it was healthy .
tr	NNS	She had beautiful breasts , small but perfect ; they stood out from her body , the nipples hard little points aimed right at him .
tr	NNS	If she didn 't pull herself together quickly , she 'd be blowing bubbles in the wind and letting others take care of her again .
tr	NN	I give a nonchalant shrug .
tr	NN	" A planned execution of the last city council members that were opposing corruption .
tr	NNS	Both of Rich 's sisters had chosen small private weddings without any family present .
tr	NN	What she 'd learned only increased her respect for the players .
tr	NNS	" The Elko Shifters should occupy houses together , and our Shifters will move in with their own clan members . "
tr	NN	For the most part , I enjoyed our banter .
tr	NNS	" And then as a reward , I 'll go tits up for you . "
tr	NN	It was like fighting anybody else , no big thing , until he started using vampire speed and strength on me .
tr	NNS	I had my suspicions from the moment I heard the young Prince had taken you .
tr	NN	I reached my bat down and banged on the wire , setting the trap in motion just as the red devil entered the ravine behind me .
tr	NN	" Just don 't neglect your health if something 's really wrong , okay ? "
tr	NN	Beside herself with curiosity , she opens the file , letting the neural chip take possession of her mind .
tr	NN	I aimed the rifle at his head .
tr	NNS	His hands found my breasts and squeezed through the thin satin of my bra .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , I 've used all sorts of names from his books in mine .
tr	NN	But the years have quenched my bloodlust and now I only kill when I must .
tr	NNS	" Have you made arrangements to pay her hospital bills ? "
tr	NN	How she would carry out her revenge .
tr	NN	He let the sickle end slam to the ground and held the opposite end with the chain .
tr	NNS	Ellison must have put cameras in the big living room and one on the front porch .
tr	NN	While she might be lacking in experience , she 'd always had a fine imagination .
tr	NN	He lifted the material from his chest with both hands all the while looking down and shaking his head .
tr	NN	You amaze me , cara .
tr	NNS	It riled protective instincts that he damn sure shouldn 't have for anyone named Armstrong .
tr	NNS	" Lisbeth , hold the reins while I see if the path is clear . "
tr	NN	He completed a head-to-toe survey of my admittedly grimy self and shook his head in disbelief .
tr	NNS	Then she scoots around to face me and grins , inches from my face .
tr	NN	Then he opened the basket and took out a bottle of champagne .
tr	NN	Kristina was pleased and squeezed my thigh under the table .
tr	NN	Take your argument elsewhere . '
tr	NNS	We do tethered rides at fairs and large events .
tr	NN	She worried the hem of her skirt .
tr	NNS	God , just the memory of the lovemaking they 'd shared had her insides clenching with heat .
tr	NNS	" Activate all perimeter sensors . "
tr	NNS	She did not need any empathic or even telepathic skills to figure that out .
tr	NNS	As the white bark of the birch gave way into rock and pine , my eyes played tricks on me .
tr	NNS	" The Americans want good relations with China .
tr	NN	They did look a bit sheepish when the young man said , ' Ladders , maybe ?
tr	NNS	We have other balls , and you will need to attend them .
tr	NN	Make a separate email to list as your contact .
tr	NN	Over the years , I replaced the tarp once or twice and used the place just to get away . "
tr	NN	He rubbed the artifact ; spit again , then scratched it with blackened nails .
tr	NN	" Can I take spiritual advice from you now ?
tr	NNS	" How many of you use condoms when you 're hitting that ? "
tr	NN	He worked his butt off for that internship and now he didn 't have to worry about leaving a wife behind .
tr	NNS	The patient and his or her family were fed adverse reports making them so panicky that they did not even consider a second opinion .
tr	NNS	Phil had once collected cuckoo clocks , and their constant chiming and tweeting and cooing had driven everybody at home a little nuts .
tr	NNS	You 've got two seraph blades ; give me one . "
tr	NNS	" You will slaughter two kingdoms to feed your paranoia .
tr	NN	Did you repay your bullies ? "
tr	NN	They might 've put a sentry near the camp to see how we respond . "
tr	NNS	He 's setting up shops , warehouses , distribution , girls , guns .
tr	NNS	We make sandwiches and chips and iced tea and have a floor picnic .
tr	NNS	Bahl Bazaar shook the cobwebs off .
tr	NN	As that cold and dreadful thought settled in like a blizzard from above , I gave a violent shudder .
tr	NN	They look much like the images the probe sent , but clearer , undistorted .
tr	NNS	The bald man accepted the reins from Rachel and Jason and began walking the horses toward the corral .
tr	NNS	But , for her part , she could have put all her cards on the table ... before they walked down the aisle .
tr	NN	He took solace in that , knowing that even his darkest memories weren 't eroding .
tr	NNS	' Why don 't they fight the dogs ? '
tr	NNS	She observed the various titles that ran along the spines of each piece of literature .
tr	NN	With a quick smile , I nodded and let the screen slam shut behind me .
tr	NNS	Jeff took the mattress for her so she could use both hands pry up the loose board .
tr	NNS	They saw ducks by the thousand and huge geese .
tr	NNS	Around the edges , Winterville had buildings made of brick and stone , towering compared with the homey structures I had admired in Salvation .
tr	NNS	" You can pull pranks on anyone you want and no one will even know you were there .
tr	NNS	He had connections beyond anyone 's imagining .
tr	NN	We trace your ancestry for you if you give us some basic information .
tr	NN	I have put the childish playground of pins right behind me , sir !
tr	NN	I smashed the butt of the gun into the back of his head .
tr	NNS	They 'll check the security cameras ! "
tr	NN	" That 's not going to change , " Alix told her fervently .
tr	NNS	Good Lord , what other suspicious talents did he have ?
tr	NN	We must keep a supply of human food , just in case .
tr	NNS	For fifteen minutes , she roamed the halls of the fortress , knocking on bedroom doors .
tr	NNS	They made multiple trips to the top of the basement stairs , handing things off to volunteers who then passed them on down .
tr	NN	Just for once , put someone 's welfare before your own .
tr	NNS	His hands grip my thighs as he pushes inside me .
tr	NNS	Rory mumbled something as the driver tugged the reins .
tr	NNS	We turned northwest , towards the mountains .
tr	NN	There lay the crossbow beside his little horse .
tr	NNS	" I took my ships and went with them . "
tr	NN	" I have a favor to ask . "
tr	NNS	" Ashe , this is Wayne and this is Wynter , " Winkler introduced his twenty-year-old twins to Ashe , who smiled and took offered hands .
tr	NNS	I heard shots , " said Mr. Crawford " The sheriff has things under control , but he has asked me to get some rope . "
tr	NNS	We 're digging exploratory trenches in the coral , looking for an entrance or a hatch of some kind .
tr	NN	Emotions made her jumpy , and hungry , moving her again toward frenzy .
tr	NNS	The emcee is announcing scores for the previous performer when I walk onto the stage .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the three sandwich plates , carefully stacked them up my arm in a row , and backed out of the swinging doors .
tr	NN	I plucked a pencil from my desk and examined it like I 'd never seen it before .
tr	NN	This could only go more down hill .
tr	NNS	I pulled out plates and started spooning the salad onto them .
tr	NN	He 'd never hidden the blatant sexuality of his nature .
tr	NNS	" Apparently he 's been picking up television signals . "
tr	NNS	" I 've run some simulations .
tr	NNS	The drawers were just raised areas of wood , impossible to open .
tr	NNS	Every time you leave the compound , you 're carrying our hearts with you . "
tr	NNS	Milling around inside the fortress we could just make out scores of men and women .
tr	NNS	I parked a few blocks from Patch 's place and let myself inside .
tr	NN	" I can 't hold a candle , " he feigns defeat .
tr	NN	" Did I tell you we saw a cougar in our yard a few weeks ago ? "
tr	NNS	" Tigers don 't change their stripes .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen the spectators but instead of breaking his hold , she lifted her face and gave him a peck on the cheek .
tr	NNS	Everything else screamed " twins . "
tr	NN	Eventually , I pulled rank on her , although I hated to do it .
tr	NN	Something tells me you , ll get a very romantic buyer , one who can transform it into a unique and unforgettable hotel . "
tr	NNS	We 're getting our butts kicked .
tr	NN	The mixture of emotions did bodily harm to me .
tr	NNS	Vendors sell the same cheap T-shirts at five-foot intervals .
tr	NN	A second later , Rory felt a shimmering curtain of energy streak down from her throat , caressing her skin as it went .
tr	NN	Though further testing by Malcolm Jennings had clouded this assessment .
tr	NNS	She could see the magnificent roofs of the temples behind and around the tower .
tr	NN	He had felt an initial terror and an urge to run for cover .
tr	NNS	Playing tag always sharpened the senses and got Noah ready for the training exercises she planned for the rest of the day .
tr	NN	The second pellet meets the same quick fate .
tr	NN	We 're talking Starbucks quality now , mister . "
tr	NN	Seems like all I do is fetch paint .
tr	NNS	Chuck felt the hairs on his neck rising .
tr	NN	" Thank you , my lord ! "
tr	NN	Summer smiled a little sadly .
tr	NNS	I ditched the porno magazines and packs of cigarettes .
tr	NN	I felt his hand wrap around my elbow .
tr	NNS	Swallowing my pride , I walked past furiously , not quite able to ignore the flicker of amused interest in his eyes .
tr	NN	You cannot take an exception to prove a rule .
tr	NN	Speed couldn 't resist the urge to keep riding , since he finally felt free of his mother 's smothering attention , and Coach 's overbearing ambitions .
tr	NNS	He put the shelves back in place against it , and hefted two loads of towels onto the shelves .
tr	NN	She had seen the gleam in the man 's eye when he looked at the animal .
tr	NNS	Suzy readied her twitches .
tr	NN	" She wants my cock .
tr	NNS	" It has windshield wipers . "
tr	NNS	Adrienne shared several classes with Kevin and liked him as a person ; nothing more .
tr	NNS	" Donovan set explosives in the loft .
tr	NNS	Jason went dizzy once more as he looked up to see the sky splinter into a million blazing particles .
tr	NN	Then she tore his sanity away irrevocably when she whispered , " Do you know how it feels to have you inside me ?
tr	NN	Eleanor paced the walks in a dress too light for the weather , the shawl too small to keep out the cold .
tr	NNS	I can get public funds to build a bridge , maybe two bridges .
tr	NNS	We broke apart breathless and Jackson got a mischievous look on his face .
tr	NN	He bought an ice cream and sat on a bench near the statue of Andrew Jackson .
tr	NN	Albert spun the cap off the beer while Nick fished an unbroken glass from the wreckage around the drinks trolley .
tr	NNS	Then she added up the numbers on each cube .
tr	NNS	" I enjoyed our discussions and I saw no reason to bore you with details about my job . "
tr	NN	He waved a tin opener under Ben 's nose .
tr	NN	At a leisurely pace , the procession of police , detectives and reporters wound its way south to an alley behind a barn near State and Schiller .
tr	NN	I heard the patter of feet coming back down the stairs .
tr	NN	Jesse launches the tool in his hand at the wall .
tr	NN	So he takes pity on a little wench like you .
tr	NN	I have an update on the time frame .
tr	NNS	Olivia could almost feel the ghosts of Lincoln and Grant , sitting nearby with a brandy and cigar .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't even noticed the weird stares and the vacant room in front of me .
tr	NN	He commanded her obedience , and she was blinking up at him with drowsy eyes before she was aware of what he had done .
tr	NN	" I quietly paid the debt to Clemmons 's estate . "
tr	NNS	A little color and style might do wonders for her .
tr	NN	" Or it might stop the quest and stall the journey .
tr	NNS	Trevor and Pigeon added their rags to the window work , dragging chairs to reach the high parts , allowing Nate to concentrate on spraying .
tr	NN	Oh , and Nessa Joanne Mulholland , you ignored my last email .
tr	NNS	She had high aspirations in life , wanting to have a career , a family , and a lot of money .
tr	NNS	' Two thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	While the hunger continued to build , I couldn 't control my own actions .
tr	NN	You are , after all , making the carpet shine . "
tr	NN	I recently saw an advertisement for a commercial clinic that offers live mates for citizens created from clones of their own DNA twisted into the opposite sex .
tr	NN	Perhaps she had better pray for the courage to refuse Dean .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't lost her senses and knew that Billy would be at her door any minute .
tr	NNS	That still didn 't take away the amazing bliss I was feeling .
tr	NN	Fortunately , I recognized Robby straightaway from his sister 's pictures and drew in a relieved breath .
tr	NNS	The engine vibrated dangerously .
tr	NNS	We heard tales of strange happenings on your planet from these human travelers that began coming .
tr	NNS	Ryan had caught several heated exchanges between them during the past three hours .
tr	NN	At sixteen , she could be considered a suspect .
tr	NNS	Tell you what : get the numbers , and if we can 't cover the multitudes let me know what more it would take .
tr	NN	The captain spied some familiar wreckage as he approached Captain Cameron .
tr	NNS	How could He have loved Judas ?
tr	NN	" I would have taken the smaller steak for myself . "
tr	NN	I put the puzzle together on my own .
tr	NNS	Willow washed the few dishes and dried them as she tried to think about sex .
tr	NN	I was making Lucy 's acquaintance . "
tr	NN	There came that eerie throbbing terror again , only slowly .
tr	NN	He felt the effect of her touch instantly , an awareness of mortality , a dimming of his supernatural senses .
tr	NN	Not that he was even offering the latter .
tr	NNS	It made orgasms as addicting as a drug , since it was the only time a Mark could get " high . "
tr	NN	She had her wispy silk gown half off before she realized he was still watching her , but it was too dark to see much .
tr	NN	She reaches up and slides her hand under my shirt , her fingertips grazing my nipple .
tr	NNS	I 've just been using random drivers . "
tr	NN	His movements brought a breeze of clashing scents : excitement , fear , and ... roses ?
tr	NN	Men turned feral and no longer thinking , no longer hoping or fearing ; men who had lost any sense of conscience .
tr	NNS	When he did , he saw the two coins sitting there and picked them up .
tr	NN	I heard Oscar groan and I jumped to my feet in an effort to see if he was all right .
tr	NN	The Russian wore the uniform of a palace guard .
tr	NNS	" What do you mean -- ghosts ? "
tr	NNS	She produced two beers and handed one to him .
tr	NN	Avery slid a file across the table .
tr	NNS	" You score a few points and grab a few rebounds , and then you take ownership of the court ? "
tr	NN	Stepping back to the rear of the elevator , Ruth rested her briefcase on the floor between her feet .
tr	NNS	I 'll toss your carcass to my Little People to eat C that 's how little I feel for you .
tr	NN	She turned the monitor so he could see .
tr	NNS	I felt the stares of a thousand eyes .
tr	NNS	Jori lifted his palms up as he shrugged .
tr	NN	The crowd thinned out by the time he reached the 90000 block .
tr	NN	He 'd shaved off his beard and was deeply tanned from the Brunei sun .
tr	NNS	She had not told her sons that Joe would be there , and they were excited to see him , too .
tr	NNS	Eris ' arm only went a few centimeters past her elbow before disappearing into the wide black mouth of the gauntlet 's forearm .
tr	NN	Dolan made an indifferent gesture .
tr	NNS	She filled both their cups , returned it to the kitchen and then took her seat opposite him .
tr	NN	He mistook my annoyance for flirtation .
tr	NN	Just the thought of it stirs an ache in my chest .
tr	NNS	All sported polished domes , but the speaker was by far the largest and most imposing .
tr	NN	She pulled off the cap .
tr	NN	Ari felt a lump in the back of her throat as she struggled to keep in the tears threatening to spring to her eyes .
tr	NNS	I made them some sandwiches and coffee cause they have a stake out . "
tr	NNS	He was only to create humans which would cultivate the universe , a process he knew would take billions of years .
tr	NN	He stopped his advance and leaned his hip against the counter .
tr	NNS	She didn 't want any apologies from him .
tr	NN	" We didn 't see anybody , though . "
tr	NNS	The bird house formation and noble receives 50 points .
tr	NNS	It had seven small chairs around it .
tr	NN	He refills my ale without a comment , his eyes straying to the door .
tr	NN	As he moved , I paid out the rope , holding him in case he lost his footing and slipped off the edge of the cliff .
tr	NN	' I 've a dagger and am bloody good wi ' throwing knives . '
tr	NNS	I 've got fifty bucks in here .
tr	NN	Reacher had once been given a medal for an outcome worse than that .
tr	NNS	A vow with conditions , but everything had conditions with him .
tr	NN	To help turn the tide of disapproval and dislike ?
tr	NN	It fit the New Year 's theme , and it definitely fit Andrew 's life .
tr	NNS	We don 't know all our own instincts .
tr	NNS	The mild southerly wind chased the clouds away and spring came back .
tr	NN	" I 'll just enjoy the pasta .
tr	NNS	I choose my photographs carefully ; I don 't know when I 'll get more film .
tr	NN	" They gave me a good fright , though . "
tr	NNS	He dragged Joey 's carcass from the mat and flung him to the opposite corner of the ring .
tr	NNS	He had lived centuries and there was no doubt that he could tell the time of night when it was safe to rise .
tr	NN	Max 's eyelids fluttered open and Preston latched on to the hope that small response offered .
tr	NNS	Some Valkyries can even create illusions . "
tr	NN	After we had figured a method to shut off the medication , then we will call it a success . "
tr	NN	She exits her closet and looks at me .
tr	NNS	For now , this should cover all the areas we need . "
tr	NNS	She released her fangs in full , and felt the ripple of blood roll through her white eyes .
tr	NN	Lawrence let out a pent up breath and wiped his sweaty brow .
tr	NN	She got the impression it was the first time Sebastian had forgotten about chasing Malcolm in a long , long while .
tr	NN	Marc spun Dominic 's monitor around and asked , " Dominic , do you recognize anyone in this photo ? "
tr	NN	" I still have that unpleasant task to do . "
tr	NN	I 'll order some pizza . "
tr	NNS	I kicked off my ballet flats .
tr	NNS	Together , we might have better chances of figuring this thing out .
tr	NN	" You both have the same artistic talent . "
tr	NNS	Come on ; let 's go do some more shots ! "
tr	NN	At last they 'd learn the fate of the man who had become so real to them .
tr	NNS	The way he flaunts his teachings about a poor Jew who was crucified in Judea ?
tr	NN	He used the cloth to blot them away .
tr	NN	Shaking her head , she picked up her burger and took a bite , still smiling .
tr	NN	She grabbed her backpack and left the house , driving off with him while Paula went to work in her Lexus .
tr	NNS	Maybe he could disperse any suspicions by him not being near the computer , though no one else was here .
tr	NN	We have some civilian traffic just north of the range that we need to let pass before you swing around .
tr	NN	It must have cost a king 's -- oh ! "
tr	NNS	Only the drivers left the cabs , no passengers .
tr	NNS	He raised his wineglass to me in salute before giving me another sly wink .
tr	NN	And just to be safe , Leo loaded his rifle with silver bullets .
tr	NNS	He mostly made grunting noises and wriggled his weird eyebrows a lot .
tr	NN	Grace closed the trunk to her car .
tr	NN	" You can put the rifle down , Aaron . "
tr	NN	And strangely enough , I did learn a good lesson from it .
tr	NNS	Close in on one platoon assembled in a trench dug within a patch of cactus , only a few dozen yards away from ground zero .
tr	NNS	' There are three empty saddles , but I see no hobbits , ' said Legolas . '
tr	NNS	My children don 't even know their fathers . "
tr	NN	" She can fly any airplane .
tr	NN	We couldn 't afford a wild goose chase .
tr	NNS	Take photographs of at least the cover and one inside page , to prove that it 's legitimate . "
tr	NNS	Surely a tissue under the cup should receive bonus points , if not outright victory ? "
tr	NNS	Thank the dragon gods for his arrival .
tr	NNS	' How do you have fins ? '
tr	NNS	She sank her fangs into my wrist , puncturing the healed skin .
tr	NN	A chill ran down Neil 's spine .
tr	NN	Andre took a cautious step backwards , focused his mind , and aimed .
tr	NN	The kelp , when treated with my new blend , shows an unhealthy attraction for the antidote . "
tr	NNS	I only put the ingredients together and threw them in the oven , what pride is there in following directions ?
tr	NN	The policeman gave a shout of surprise as his helmet was whisked away by unseen hands .
tr	NNS	Courtney pushed the covers back and walked into the hall .
tr	NN	They 'd dangled it out there , a worm on a fishing line .
tr	NNS	These could form clouds and induce rain . "
tr	NNS	The weather patterns around there were ruining the crops and the peasants began starving so they got angry which got them killed .
tr	NNS	They carried their balloons outside silently .
tr	NN	Gretchen ran the towel through her wet hair and waited .
tr	NNS	For years , Nana had frequented antiques shops , and she favored anything French from the nineteenth century .
tr	NN	He tasted his fingertip , the one that had just barely stroked me , and gave a low growl of approval .
tr	NNS	" I need you , " I said fervently .
tr	NNS	Elena has burns , mainly .
tr	NNS	Beyond the shining came the visions ... Tell me .
tr	NN	We paid the fee and headed toward the start of the spiral stairs .
tr	NNS	Splitting hairs , but I had technically told her the truth .
tr	NNS	Put out those torches .
tr	NN	" Maybe we can order pizza later , and you can actually answer my questions . "
tr	NNS	" Get the knives out of the oven , Brady . "
tr	NNS	Whenever I thought of Ron 's big sister Jean Leslie I got butterflies .
tr	NN	I also tried to protect you by not telling you we had set a trap to catch Howard .
tr	NN	Could she watch Colony wither and die , knowing she had done it ?
tr	NNS	" Because people do use archaic terms for flavor when they tell an ancient legend .
tr	NN	And she would have vengeance for her brother .
tr	NN	When he doesn 't answer immediately , I sneak a peek out of the corner of my eye .
tr	NN	We 're letting down the local economy , and the state will be on my back again .
tr	NNS	His dark eyes , both captivating and dangerous , held centuries of knowledge and a mischievous glimmer .
tr	NN	" But making crochet pigs has a very soothing effect .
tr	NN	" Has the vet been out ? "
tr	NN	Then Messick remembers his pending appointment .
tr	NNS	The thought of Dario 's smile still teased the butterflies in her stomach .
tr	NNS	" Charlie , if your sleuthing includes a good dinner and a decent wine , you won 't get complaints from me .
tr	NN	He covered a yawn .
tr	NN	She took the lid off the coffee cup and took a huge gulp .
tr	NN	" You better put every wire and chip back in its place . "
tr	NNS	He studied the items listed under clothing worn at the time of the crime .
tr	NN	She had been talking non-stop since she arrived , trying to keep Rema 's mind distracted .
tr	NNS	Can 't they make robots instead of sending humans outside ?
tr	NNS	He had three goblets in front of him , the other four in line behind them .
tr	NNS	As if the calls were not enough , we chatted lunch and tea breaks away as well , romantically , in the Union Square .
tr	NNS	He could see his fingerprints - but perhaps that was just because fingerprints are what he expected to see .
tr	NNS	He could feel his gums rotting away and yet mending themselves before any teeth could fall out .
tr	NNS	And he never does answer the two texts I sent him .
tr	NN	JJ slammed the hel out of the nose tackle , who 's now lying on the ground , clutching his stomach .
tr	NNS	A small smile playing on her lips , she hooked her thumbs into the sides of her panties and slowly shimmied them off .
tr	NN	He held his shaft , doing what her hands , imprisoned by his thighs , burned to do , stroking himself inches from her lips .
tr	NNS	They had both avoided the important subjects over the last few days .
tr	NNS	She would be posting the anonymous reports of a boring winter .
tr	NN	A green fungus , disguised over the expanse of The River as healthy foliage , covered every tree trunk and limb .
tr	NN	" Maybe we should just check the caller ID . "
tr	NNS	When I forced him into the ditch , he bashed his brains out on the steering wheel . "
tr	NNS	Take off the suits and ties people , roll up your sleeves and get your hands dirty doing an honest day 's toil .
tr	NN	But I have an actual cake waiting for us . "
tr	NN	Then he remembered the exorbitant fee for the model .
tr	NN	The mage snapped a command to it and waved one hand , gesturing toward her .
tr	NN	With a glance , I took a survey .
tr	NN	And I 'll just sip a martini and pretend that the USDA isn 't coming in less than five hours . "
tr	NNS	We 'd packaged eleven hearts by then , and I couldn 't make out the garbled speech , but the guard seemed to understand it clearly enough .
tr	NNS	Kevin peeled off a hundred dollars in cash and handed it to the older man .
tr	NNS	For several moments , he muttered and discussed items with his assistant before glancing up and smiling .
tr	NN	He saw only clear certainty .
tr	NN	Clive thrust the trident into the ground , and then pulled it up laughing .
tr	NNS	Once I was off my phone I threw off the covers .
tr	NN	This conversation needed nuance , meaningful pauses , variations in voice and tone .
tr	NN	She waved the towel at Julian , motioning him to go down the hall .
tr	NN	He felt her stiffen , and then relax .
tr	NN	Everything about the man screamed vile , from his callous words to his horrid face .
tr	NN	Now , as I was trying to tell you , this particular device has an electrical discharge upon it .
tr	NN	He spun a small scroll in his hand , " I really have searched and searched .
tr	NNS	Takeo had matched Connor 's points and in the process destroyed his most valuable asset , his vice like grip on his staff .
tr	NNS	When she sat up , she moaned , squinted and massaged her temples .
tr	NNS	Even from the witches Thierry had connections with , possibly .
tr	NNS	And don 't forget , we have allies here .
tr	NNS	Jim was keeping the ships out of range of the artillery at Morro Castle and following the progress of the battle on the VHF .
tr	NN	He sounded a little gruff .
tr	NN	Our enemy has been taught the method we used to get here . "
tr	NN	I 'd been at a mixer pushing publicity for an anthology of short stories .
tr	NNS	NASA then focused its efforts on a reusable space shuttle , which was first deployed in 1981 .
tr	NNS	She was completely cutting her emotional ties with her friend .
tr	NN	" A kick from one of us can snap your spine in two or crush your ribcage like it did on Saturday . "
tr	NNS	He said " Hello " and sat down .
tr	NNS	I had no Supernatural powers at my command , no weapons with which to protect myself .
tr	NNS	I don 't do civil suits . "
tr	NN	Chloe grabbed the first swing she came to and climbed aboard the little seat .
tr	NNS	They brandished spears and bows as the Goblin Queen raised her scepter and waved it menacingly .
tr	NNS	Her mother must have super powers .
tr	NNS	Love knew a few figures .
tr	NN	You " re mining ! "
tr	NNS	Who needed fairy tales , anyway ?
tr	NNS	The sedan froze six inches from my fingertips .
tr	NN	Ahriman , Prince of Darkness , hear this prayer .
tr	NNS	She pressed her oiled palms to his back .
tr	NNS	We don 't want any accidents . "
tr	NNS	Behind the counter , an obese middle-aged man was helping the other travelers .
tr	NN	" Sounds like the best time to me , " I smiled cheekily for their comfort and hopefully compliance .
tr	NNS	They would make many more such trips to get enough rations for the fifty-three members of his crew .
tr	NN	I swallowed a giant lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	I loved numbers and so I truly enjoyed my work .
tr	NNS	He never gave specifics of their location , but let anyone listening know that he had shelter and safety .
tr	NNS	This included the ships they used to travel on top of the seas .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , she would never have the answer ... Suddenly , she felt the giant tense up , his muscle turning hard as steel .
tr	NNS	I focused the cameras on the residence My cell phone beeped .
tr	NNS	The first responders hadn 't donned suits until they found the first bodies .
tr	NNS	Peggy described the rehearsals for the community theater 's new production .
tr	NN	We 've never had anybody like you running the office before . "
tr	NNS	They say wine tastes like gravel . "
tr	NN	After the briefing the crew of the flying boat prepared the craft .
tr	NNS	She could barely imagine the emptiness Liam must have endured with only his brother to love him .
tr	NNS	We need those brains for study . "
tr	NN	Now she ran barefoot down the stairs , that perfect face splotchy and red .
tr	NNS	He took the dishes from her and set them on the counter .
tr	NN	The way that we learn to endure our suffering is by giving it meaning ( or finding its meaning ) .
tr	NN	He positioned his rifle as if it were an assault rifle , scanning the first floor below .
tr	NN	She had no proof she hadn 't done it .
tr	NN	In the perfectly appointed bathroom , he found a tortoiseshell hairbrush and a comb .
tr	NNS	Students cleared the halls to attend to their studies .
tr	NNS	Sticking close to him , Martin ignored the intimidating stares of the other men in the room .
tr	NNS	She watched the monitors .
tr	NN	Sheriff Bryan waved a fork at her platter .
tr	NNS	Besides , the Captain has obligations to Mr. Fletcher 's parents and marriage to you is not in it . "
tr	NNS	Drug detector dogs walked their noses over them and smear samples were taken .
tr	NN	Smoked like a chimney . "
tr	NN	22 I use this illustration following Chambers , because of the close resemblance between Grendel and the Cyclops in kind .
tr	NNS	Nearly ruined our new connections .
tr	NNS	He turned the pages .
tr	NNS	Once there , they found several terminally ill patients .
tr	NN	I felt victory sweep through me as if I were the one that did that to her .
tr	NNS	Along the way she passed several young and middle - aged gentlemen who were loitering near the doorway to the billiards room .
tr	NNS	The editor had a few mug shots of me at his office , and selected the ugliest in the hopes that it would increase circulation .
tr	NN	I got a real bad stitch down the trash chute . "
tr	NN	At every step , she resisted the urge to turn back around and see how he was doing .
tr	NN	I could hear her quick intake of breath and then utter quiet .
tr	NNS	The raccoon had left crumbs in my sheets ; it had been in my bed .
tr	NNS	You must steal yourselves to the task at hand and prepare to step into the greatest adventure of all ! "
tr	NN	" Your majesty , " she bowed , her neckline drooping to show excellent cleavage .
tr	NNS	Wrapped in her shawl , she clutches some sandwiches and a bottle of soft drink the captain has brought back to the ship from a nearby kiosk .
tr	NN	" Did you get anybody ? "
tr	NN	Take a bath . "
tr	NN	A chill crawled up my spine as I awaited his next words .
tr	NN	Better some harmless banter than the freezing atmosphere that appeared to be Alex 's natural state .
tr	NN	She had the urge to reach out and caress his handsome face .
tr	NN	I deserve that grade . "
tr	NN	I watched a masked Jesse climb through the window and check for Jules under her bed and closet .
tr	NNS	" We chemically dated samples like this with numerous methods .
tr	NN	How do you like this rug ?
tr	NN	But I do enjoy my walks , largely because of my iPhone .
tr	NNS	Because we 're not shy eaters , we both took huge bites - and nearly choked to death from the heat .
tr	NN	She quickly and clumsily drew a vial of lime green liquid from a small pouch attached to her leggings .
tr	NN	Harper 's eyes scanned the lab behind Gabrielle .
tr	NN	He tugged a strand of her hair , the same chestnut brown , rich color of the woven blanket .
tr	NN	We are loosing altitude fast ! "
tr	NN	" The Great need no saving , but hapless clerics do .
tr	NNS	Janelle put her palms down on her desk .
tr	NNS	The telephone jarred the stillness of the room .
tr	NN	From our current position , we can only see the surrounding block , but when we get across the street , our perspective will change .
tr	NNS	Rachel traces the twists and turns of the Brothers of Arrow Knot , granting me silence .
tr	NNS	Norwell looked Fellows over again , neither agreeing nor disagreeing .
tr	NNS	A last glance at the seductress in the form-fitting top and tight jeans negated any lingering doubts .
tr	NN	Josh fumbled the magazine into the handle , yanked the top back then shoved it forward again , loading a round into the chamber .
tr	NN	The unfamiliarity makes my stomach heave , and I have to keep myself from throwing up .
tr	NN	" And our guests deserve their privacy , besides , you 're here to work not text your boyfriend . "
tr	NNS	They 'd heard no traffic noises or even noises from other parts of the house .
tr	NNS	The light from the bulbs in the ceiling reflected off the cards I held .
tr	NN	Did you do your proposal already ? "
tr	NNS	Chapter 14 " They 're gathering allies .
tr	NN	She moved her backpack and he sat down .
tr	NN	Pat Stein held out a document .
tr	NNS	We saw no figures .
tr	NN	Things around me are losing their definition .
tr	NNS	He passes down the judgments based upon what is most convenient for his campaigns .
tr	NNS	She put two chair cushions in it .
tr	NN	I felt his hand tense but he didn 't snatch it away this time .
tr	NN	She cried because she could feel the gossip rustling through the court , her barrenness a regular topic of closed-door conversations .
tr	NNS	Amber could feel the predatory instincts from behind .
tr	NN	He located a few mentions of Paw Island , a few miles southeast of Oak .
tr	NN	Evelyn covered the receiver again .
tr	NNS	His sarcastic attitude matches his movements .
tr	NN	Sometimes through love we get a glimpse of the divine .
tr	NN	" Did Butch attend the funeral ? "
tr	NN	He threw back the bolt and opened the door .
tr	NNS	An investigator at Maltese Security in Harbor City , Carlos had the computer skills to get his hands on almost any document in the world .
tr	NN	" He 's fine , thank goodness .
tr	NN	She opened her fridge and found milk , a couple eggs , some suspect raviolis and a bunch of dried up green onions .
tr	NNS	This brought my bare thigh inches from his face .
tr	NN	" No , you can 't have any candy ! "
tr	NN	He pushed the butler roughly in the shoulder .
tr	NNS	I pulled off my boxers .
tr	NN	The feeling of her skin pressed against mine caused my lust to hungrily take over .
tr	NN	After finishing his sandwich , he removed the lid from his cup of coffee .
tr	NNS	Riordan rubbed his temples as if they ached .
tr	NNS	She took two deep breaths and then whispered calming words to herself in a throaty purr .
tr	NNS	The husky , drowsy note echoing in her mind turned her insides soft and warm .
tr	NNS	Slow your strokes and wait for me . "
tr	NN	But , this day , the Prince of Darkness shall have another offering , another body born of sin , yet cleansed of the misdeeds of man !
tr	NN	We have standard weaponry for that .
tr	NNS	They 're already setting aside billions for the class action .
tr	NNS	He was actually making jokes .
tr	NNS	" You strip his powers . "
tr	NNS	We left the canoes up away from the shore , upside down , with the paddles and lifejackets under them .
tr	NN	I 'll be doing engine duty , during a blow over . "
tr	NNS	She couldn 't escape the niggling doubts grabbing hold in her mind , threatening what little ground she and Sebastian had found here tonight .
tr	NN	I gave her a tight squeeze once more before releasing her and moving back a little to give her room .
tr	NNS	Some were pulling helmets and breast plates on as they assembled in the forecourt beyond the doorway to the main hall .
tr	NNS	We 'll make waffles and smoothies for brunch on Saturday . "
tr	NNS	" Anger management classes ? "
tr	NNS	Auron broke their spears with a bash of his stone shield .
tr	NN	" Fine , then I 'm speaking your language .
tr	NNS	And with networks come leaks .
tr	NN	Teaching her the most important lesson yet ; survival .
tr	NN	That old dude ripped the lid right off ! "
tr	NN	Took a peek into the stall when I got here . "
tr	NN	Paw bore a strong resemblance to Slim Pickens .
tr	NN	I had the very same sensation that I would when I walked into my own local .
tr	NNS	Dak could almost see the wheels spinning behind those eyes .
tr	NNS	Logan 's father knew several important business contacts in Italy , and he had assured us we would be well entertained there .
tr	NN	Already the popular kids were staking a claim to her , gossiping about what they 'd learned about her , trading on her friendship .
tr	NNS	The pain strips away my defenses .
tr	NNS	On September nineteenth , she had loaned Beth ten dollars and Terri Pryor five .
tr	NN	He placed the coiled whip down on the table in front of him .
tr	NN	I took my vodka tonic and worked my way through the posse to Dawkins 's elbow .
tr	NNS	I don 't want the Officials anywhere near here , but I can tell they 're not going to give up . "
tr	NNS	It lifted up the little hairs on Keller 's arms .
tr	NN	I seek your forgiveness for hurting you . "
tr	NN	But she made out one distinguishing feature .
tr	NN	I wanted that CD , though , that Symphony No. 3 .
tr	NNS	I pulled the covers back up over my sweats and loose T-shirt .
tr	NNS	" Although Vic has let me neuter cats on occasion . "
tr	NN	" He won the razor off Ted Barnes . "
tr	NNS	I drove two blocks and reached the main road , just as a line of black SUVs entered the area .
tr	NN	A few seconds later , Greg runs up beside me , a Molotov cocktail in his hand .
tr	NNS	After that day , she 'd had nightmares , could still remember the sound of their car hitting the metal of that man 's bike .
tr	NN	Nobody found a seed .
tr	NN	Ramsey asked the pilot .
tr	NNS	" Where did they get so many Lifeless ? "
tr	NN	I felt her empathic power flow through me and into her , easing her .
tr	NN	Tossing the packet of pamphlets onto the table , she picked up her hairbrush .
tr	NNS	I twisted the shower 's brass knobs and the steady stream of water rushing down onto my body stopped .
tr	NNS	" I have visions of my beloved Matilda and my precious daughters .
tr	NNS	Kirstie babbled on with a million flying questions , filling the awkward silence , thank heavens .
tr	NN	They moved down the spiral ramp , out along a corridor to the commodious and now empty anteroom and the door by which they had entered .
tr	NN	" Get me some furniture .
tr	NN	With a neutral expression , Bax touched the brim of his hat .
tr	NN	Daniel froze for a moment , then laid his fork down carefully on the edge of his plate .
tr	NNS	He put up his hands palms forward and refused to say a word .
tr	NNS	I might as well have splayed my ribs and handed him my heart .
tr	NNS	Kathleen locked away her conciliatory remarks .
tr	NNS	And , I 'll take my chances with the gods before I 'll submit to that gnarled lunatic .
tr	NN	" Can I borrow your lighter ? "
tr	NNS	" I have a few offers but I haven 't accepted anything yet .
tr	NNS	Lexus doesn 't take attempts on my life lightly and I wonder how he is going to react to this recent one .
tr	NN	He loved her willingness to risk herself for others .
tr	NN	They should try some new material . "
tr	NNS	He raised his wineglass .
tr	NNS	I was fighting these Asian devils before your father was even conceived .
tr	NNS	" To use my powers to fix this . "
tr	NN	See the definition of Temple .
tr	NN	We have a sliding scale .
tr	NN	I 'd never seen a castle in real life ... that is , until now .
tr	NN	Colonel Smith knows the time frame . "
tr	NN	We shared similar heritage , and I was resting upon a massive bed while she lay in squalor .
tr	NNS	He did not need any more burdens .
tr	NN	' A few things ; amongst which I have a confession to make . '
tr	NNS	He hadn 't regained his senses until Pandora 's blood splattered his chest , her last breath echoing in his ears .
tr	NNS	The human government called them terrorists , disgruntled citizens looking to blame their malcontent and personal failures on anyone but themselves .
tr	NN	Pain shoots down my spine causing my eyes to water .
tr	NNS	And I certainly couldn 't ignore the unsettling stares of the beautiful ones .
tr	NN	He sighed his contentment .
tr	NNS	" How do you think this person ties in with Banks ?
tr	NNS	The sunlight coming through the window chased away her remaining doubts .
tr	NNS	They pulled back their spears but then froze in place with awkward , uncomfortably contorted faces .
tr	NNS	She regretted her actions .
tr	NNS	The bleachers were mostly deserted now , a few stragglers here and there talking .
tr	NNS	All , that is , except the members of the Twelve Tribes .
tr	NNS	He performed the same actions before every communication with Silo One .
tr	NN	A shiver runs down Timothy 's spine .
tr	NNS	The men drank their beers .
tr	NNS	When she pulled it back out , she had two razor blades in her hand .
tr	NN	She hauled off her horse 's saddle and slug it over the fence .
tr	NN	If he missed , they ran down his beard to escape .
tr	NNS	But she forced back her objections ; she wouldn 't do anything that might upset her father .
tr	NNS	But when I turn , the prickling stops stinging and crashes to the soles of my feet .
tr	NN	Do you do History ? '
tr	NNS	" I have all sorts of skills . "
tr	NN	Rema had the urge to back away .
tr	NNS	He 'd been given the skills to do so by Cooper , just like Fletcher had instilled his love of cooking and the Pork Pit in me .
tr	NNS	I had ignored her obvious attempts to ditch me .
tr	NN	My mother designs jewelry . "
tr	NN	Submerge your own personality and feel the nature of the various minds I 'll show you . '
tr	NN	At twenty-four years of age , Wesley Charles Bassett ruled over the estate like the lord he fancied himself to be .
tr	NNS	* Frank 's internet announcement covered two points .
tr	NNS	I should also change the spark plugs . "
tr	NNS	The black marble floor welcomed the man 's warm remains .
tr	NN	Of course , we ate the fish , too .
tr	NN	She lowered part of her mask , then brought a handful of the dust into the palm of her hand .
tr	NN	I pop my knuckles , giving Aiden an annoyed look .
tr	NN	I can 't see the harm in music .
tr	NNS	The conference room had gray folding chairs around a rectangular six-foot brown folding table .
tr	NN	Madeline crossed the threshold just as the last of the soldiers reached the main road .
tr	NNS	They collect and track official reports simply to intimidate banks , and to alert them to any that are colluding with criminal clients .
tr	NN	Although it was a simple question it had the effect of bonding them in a friendship of necessity .
tr	NN	I learned my lesson about him , Mommy .
tr	NN	Case gave Joe a prepared speech .
tr	NNS	We have students at Harvard , Yale , Cambridge , MIT ... " I felt a twinge of interest .
tr	NNS	I notice the marks on his skin , but it takes it a second to register .
tr	NN	Or , atleast , a nurse to serve in Middle East or Australia .
tr	NNS	So they will keep their main crazies under control , but that doesn 't guarantee nobody will do anything stupid .
tr	NNS	He must still be out enjoying his distractions .
tr	NNS	" Can you just cut those wires and shut it down ? "
tr	NN	I grabbed a handful of her popcorn partly to see her eyes narrow .
tr	NN	He 'd never seen Ty 's fingers tremble like that .
tr	NNS	I 've got a few notches left for stupid country boys who can 't read stop signs ! "
tr	NNS	We can assume the coven 's under attack . "
tr	NN	The band of the fox has much talent .
tr	NN	Should the crime fit the punishment ?
tr	NNS	' How does the supernatural influence Macbeth 's actions ? ' "
tr	NN	I inspected the article more closely , especially the picture it contained .
tr	NN	Even they could feel the fury .
tr	NNS	They detonated Antimatter mines through the one mapped corridor .
tr	NNS	I like road trips to see old friends , but all my favorite things are right here .
tr	NNS	" Muster all vessels !
tr	NNS	When he was seated again , he lifted his wineglass .
tr	NN	The boy offered him a tentacle , which Ryan shook gingerly before subconsciously wiping his hand on his metal leg .
tr	NNS	We should see the bits in between destinations .
tr	NN	He picked a backpack from the ground and threw it in .
tr	NN	The devil will get the same treatment as his brother , God willing . "
tr	NNS	I lowered some shields and carefully reached out , telepathically searching for minds - human or not .
tr	NN	I slapped the soap onto the shelf and scrubbed my skin .
tr	NNS	Lucas observed the dilapidated buildings in the surrounding area .
tr	NN	Trying to shake off the feeling , she finished the e-mail and hit send .
tr	NNS	An hour or so later , the Captain signaled the other ships to set anchor and the crew gathered on deck to prepare for the raid .
tr	NNS	Someone else has these rights and they 're taking the most valuable trees .
tr	NNS	She would put the seeds in the ground while the man covered and watered them .
tr	NN	Rico helped her climb into the motorboat and she soon realized that it was not half as scary as she 'd thought .
tr	NNS	When mother discovered us she made desperate attempts to retrieve as many as she could while we stood silently and watched her frantic hands and twisted face .
tr	NN	I caught his annoyance at my pat response , but didn 't comment .
tr	NN	She peeled the remaining banana for herself .
tr	NN	The sun was shining full blast up here , burning off the fog with its heat , and a light breeze freshened the air .
tr	NN	Forgiveness keeps destiny on track .
tr	NNS	Ed called everyone Kevin .
tr	NNS	Even though it feels nuts and a little embarrassing , I punch the mattress again , just to see what happens .
tr	NN	She sat unmoving , staring straight ahead .
tr	NNS	Bex grew two more inches , which was a good thing .
tr	NN	Some would even take a bribe .
tr	NNS	He told Mantis that the Stone was from the Grays so that it would be safe .
tr	NNS	Look , I 've got eight hundred dollars in my account .
tr	NN	He tapped the dash .
tr	NN	" Only you have that effect on me . "
tr	NNS	He was making animalistic noises and rolling around on the ground clasping his temples .
tr	NNS	Liam put the dishes down on the counter with more force than he intended .
tr	NN	I pulled a wad of cash from my wallet and dropped it on the counter .
tr	NN	Got a confession from the man who arranged it . "
tr	NN	Love should bring joy , it should grant a person peace , but here and now , it was bringing only pain .
tr	NNS	The table only had two chairs , so Jeff jumped up and pulled one over from the next table .
tr	NNS	" Knox runs night clubs up and down the East and West coast for the most part .
tr	NN	" Then you should relish my proposal , Bum . "
tr	NN	Chris was carrying another crossbow at the ready ; his eyes wildly searched the open landscape of the school grounds .
tr	NNS	We will also review published and self-published novels , in both print and digital editions .
tr	NN	Emma flicked the little lens cap , which hung from a black string off the eyepiece .
tr	NN	She threw a pillow at me and then sat on the bed .
tr	NN	They see their future inheritance dwindling .
tr	NNS	Antony needs breaks from humanity at times .
tr	NN	James didn 't eat cake and burn candles to commemorate it .
tr	NN	Clearly , she 'd expended her capacity for girl talk .
tr	NN	She listed off their status : two workers , tunnel 3A , major breech , no injuries .
tr	NN	A temporary relief replaced the dread she 'd carried into the living room .
tr	NN	Her whiskers gave a twitch as did her front paws then stopped .
tr	NNS	Something about that motion , that sound , shot ribbons of excitement through Melinda .
tr	NN	My legs felt all tingly , and a strange pull tugged at my stomach .
tr	NNS	He 's playing cards with his friends like he does this same time every week .
tr	NNS	Cricket and I exchange relieved grins across the counter .
tr	NN	I committed every last detail to memory .
tr	NNS	Natalie threw back the covers .
tr	NN	Melvin rubbed one worn boot against the other .
tr	NN	I started digging through my purse .
tr	NN	He stroked his beard and pondered the question for a moment .
tr	NNS	' Even though we don 't chart , Dave will see bigger sales than forecast ? '
tr	NN	Mark resisted the urge to laugh .
tr	NNS	No one could fix my issues .
tr	NN	Then he applied dental cement to fix it .
tr	NN	" Again , I have no proof , but it would seem that he had either stumbled upon this technology , or designed it himself . "
tr	NN	Besides , she dropped the lawsuit , right ? "
tr	NNS	" Loving you , having you as a husband makes me ecstatically happy , " she answered fervently .
tr	NN	This assistance derived from nothing less then retribution for an indiscretion that occurred many years before .
tr	NNS	She ripped the goggles from her head and gave them a hard shake .
tr	NN	I picked up a napkin to wipe my lips .
tr	NNS	Sarah rubbed her temples as she finished her last sentence .
tr	NN	Amos Thompson lifted a handful of dirt and let it fall in the grave .
tr	NN	They simply wanted revenge against the man who had put them behind bars .
tr	NNS	Now she roams the halls of the Palace freely , as if it were her own ; and why ?
tr	NNS	I was in my office frantically printing out the reports I needed for my meeting when Jillian breezed by .
tr	NNS	Her knuckles punched his ribs and he laughed .
tr	NN	You can 't change your status in Trig , either , just like you can 't stop me , Rejected .
tr	NNS	I have not withheld my sons .
tr	NNS	Green pine needles and fresh snow .
tr	NN	She was damming off the harbor , draining it .
tr	NNS	He rolled off his mattress , which was still on the floor , pushing off garbage as he got to his knees .
tr	NNS	I love bratwurst sausages . "
tr	NN	" Thank goodness . "
tr	NNS	I knocked two bowls and three glasses onto the floor .
tr	NNS	" New cheerleading uniforms .
tr	NNS	He was grabbing the voluptuous breasts of the woman and biting them somewhat aggressively in his mouth , then sucking on them .
tr	NNS	It had rain mines .
tr	NNS	But nothing excuses my actions .
tr	NN	Jack Reed had the reputation of a great white shark .
tr	NNS	He uttered fragments of it aloud .
tr	NN	I shot an irritated glare toward the ambulance driver , hoping that Owen was still on the line .
tr	NNS	Ruby then pulled out two plates .
tr	NNS	Zac was stacking his few supper dishes in a wash pan when they arrived .
tr	NNS	Thus , only the faintest light of the stars exposed their movements .
tr	NN	Before he aroused himself enough to do something he 'd regret , Lucien returned the file to the shelf and exited to the gambling area .
tr	NNS	She enjoyed the benefits of a short commute , with the school just a few streets over from their house .
tr	NN	My hair covered the tiny mic .
tr	NNS	We 've been having some arguments recently . "
tr	NNS	Long fingers with sharp nails penetrated his temples and sank deep into his head behind the eyes .
tr	NNS	I checked my surroundings before beginning to walk towards the neighbor 's house , which was a good ways in the distance .
tr	NNS	Aside from climbing trees and getting lost in the woods , he never had any real skills to be proud of .
tr	NN	Laurent snatched the bat .
tr	NN	About two steps away and one bite into the tart , I heard a groan .
tr	NN	I scan the monitor .
tr	NNS	Once their drugs trials came to an end , they searched the fringes of the scientific community in an effort to salvage their faltering program .
tr	NN	" About 300 hours over a decade , " replied the pilot .
tr	NN	I took great joy in running up the stairs to the weapons room to return the practice arrows .
tr	NNS	The wig added another three inches to his stature .
tr	NNS	When the wolf killed a young man who was protecting the false chief , Taha Aki felt horrible grief .
tr	NN	Communication takes much patience , but they appear to have that in abundance , as does Alfred .
tr	NNS	Teeth like needles driving into his neck and skull .
tr	NN	Hands clenching at his sides , Ronan swore a vile oath .
tr	NN	The loss was intolerable , his grief wild and intense , mixed with an ice-cold rage and deadly resolve .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't we have any classes together ? "
tr	NNS	The turmoil of the elements wakes the senses , although it cannot entirely break the repose they have lapsed into .
tr	NNS	His steamy eyes , however , had spoken volumes .
tr	NNS	Meaning he 'd hurt the dogs as much as they 'd hurt him ?
tr	NNS	Willow grew dizzy just by looking at it , so she continued her way to the sound of voices in a room off the main hallway .
tr	NN	Seconds later , the military medic picked up some other silver tool that looked a little too torturous for her piece of mind .
tr	NNS	Wanda and I had got the bats back in the turret .
tr	NN	" If he 'd asked , I would have recommended the south of France , but I doubt he would have listened to me . "
tr	NN	Hugh heard the censure in Petunia 's voice .
tr	NN	Without meaning to , he gave a little moan and she turned to look at him .
tr	NN	Under his palms , he felt a design carved into the rock .
tr	NNS	" The first thing I would do is give back all the benefits that have been taken away .
tr	NNS	I arrived breathless at half past six .
tr	NNS	We 've had several families come to the village , and we 've been working to get them settled into their new homes .
tr	NN	Now we had the addition of Rolando , but somehow it still felt empty without MC .
tr	NN	Twenty minutes later , I walked out a very unsatisfied Stu , anxious to get rid of him .
tr	NNS	His smile turned sly .
tr	NN	" Unregulated turf . "
tr	NN	Romulus grabbed his shovel and began unearthing more of the casket .
tr	NN	Roller skating or nothing . "
tr	NNS	We give crumbs from our guilt , from our shame .
tr	NN	You 've taken rumor and hearsay and added flesh and bone to it . "
tr	NNS	" Your neighbors , almost certainly , have noted our actions .
tr	NN	Ken , from the construction company working on the levee upgrades , had asked a little favor of Larry .
tr	NNS	They walked several more yards before Zoe spoke .
tr	NN	She 'd wear a wire , and once we have him on tape making the deal , he 's done for . "
tr	NNS	' We 've made arrangements for you at the RSL . '
tr	NN	Her hazel eyes glare at him with the power to melt metal , and I 'm pleased to see how uncomfortable he is under her unrelenting scrutiny .
tr	NNS	Later , she 'd told her sons she 'd been diagnosed with a serious heart condition .
tr	NN	" I don 't expect the famous mercenary fox to fear death .
tr	NN	" I ... I fought off a leopard ! "
tr	NNS	Clearly taking no chances .
tr	NNS	" I love my sons to pieces , but I wouldn 't have minded having a girl , too .
tr	NNS	I sent my maids to talk to his servants , and the stories I heard from them put chills in my blood .
tr	NN	How soon before I can have a dozen of these ? "
tr	NNS	I moved to my left a few inches and then to my right , carefully testing my balance .
tr	NN	And I only planned one theft .
tr	NNS	Lever and Lloyd , check the surrounding areas , mountains and sky .
tr	NN	She picked up the pillow , holding it against her chest .
tr	NN	Seeing her friend getting spanked made Aya ache inside much worse than her own sore bottom .
tr	NNS	He had beaten William senseless .
tr	NN	" We 'll find the cart later today .
tr	NNS	I spent all the marks I was given , and my father won 't send more until next month . "
tr	NNS	Sexton picked up his envelopes , straightening the edges .
tr	NNS	Her next words echoed my doubts so closely that I wondered if the woman was psychic .
tr	NN	Hunter maintained his climb rate before leveling off and letting out a tired sigh .
tr	NNS	" Don 't go , " I hear Mom beg .
tr	NNS	I have trinkets from him all over my house ... and experience with other items of his .
tr	NN	" I haven 't seen a prospective talent so promising since we found Jane and Alec .
tr	NN	It must have cost a fortune - " " Shush , " said Karou .
tr	NNS	I loved Rhys , but not like I loved Doyle .
tr	NNS	Now he 's washing dishes and waiting tables for Ames . "
tr	NNS	We 've got errands to run . "
tr	NN	" Save the sermon , Reverend Underhill .
tr	NNS	The soft costs for the project will come to about three hundred thousand dollars a room .
tr	NNS	Afterward , he drew the covers over both of them , and they fell asleep .
tr	NN	These powers take effect only when one of the PCs miss them .
tr	NN	A trickle of discomfort flowed down my spine .
tr	NN	He tore a tea towel to shreds with his teeth , wrapped a strip around her wrists and bound them tightly .
tr	NN	He told the waiter he was waiting for a friend , who would be joining him shortly .
tr	NNS	' And you can 't turn the shields on and off ? '
tr	NN	Maybe give me some advice ? "
tr	NNS	The other two walls held shelves upon shelves of books that reached to the top of the high ceiling .
tr	NNS	Dave would need two big shots to reach the green .
tr	NN	He 'd taken a motorcycle into Mercer .
tr	NN	You needed a big battery .
tr	NN	Pappy said a quick prayer , and the food was passed around .
tr	NNS	Small Graces Grace crash lands on a planet and finds something she didn 't know she was looking for .
tr	NNS	Soon she has placed various pots on one of the fires at the periphery .
tr	NN	He herded the lawyer out with him .
tr	NN	The scent soothed the fury that had been boiling to such a dangerous degree within him .
tr	NN	* Gladstone thanked the surgeon for making time in his busy schedule and acquainted him with the request .
tr	NNS	They have clear shots of you with the drugs .
tr	NNS	Now my mother , though she 'd still be living in the same town , would definitely have new priorities .
tr	NN	Sara asked the waitress about Mary and was directed to where Robert was working and he told her more than she really needed to know .
tr	NNS	Gloria always had her best interests at heart .
tr	NN	Chris let out a yell of rage .
tr	NNS	They had low expectations of him , so he did as well .
tr	NN	You can 't cry rape . "
tr	NN	He trusted Kat 's operational assessment as much as he did Painter 's .
tr	NNS	This old security system has a few tricks up her sleeve . "
tr	NNS	He felt the mattress beneath him and the cover over him darkness - and she was still in his arms and her body was bare .
tr	NNS	Earl has even more monitors at his side .
tr	NNS	Maybe Grace was having hormones ... he looked over at her .
tr	NN	His painstakingly built reputation as a serious financier with hardly a remarkable social life was threatening to collapse .
tr	NNS	Several boxes filled the shelves at the top ; three shirts hung from the pole but no pants .
tr	NN	" I want ice cream now .
tr	NNS	Savannah served coffee and warm raspberry scones before scurrying off for her bedroom again .
tr	NN	He withdrew the magazine from Josh 's jacket as if withdrawing a katana ( sword ) from its saya ( casing ) .
tr	NNS	Branden stopped a few paces along , and turned with a worried look on his face .
tr	NNS	In surrender , he pulled his thumbs back from his jeans in a conceding shrug .
tr	NNS	But they couldn 't hide from the heat sensors or even Sabin 's trained eye .
tr	NN	The man had set down his seaweed and was busy untangling his matted beard .
tr	NN	Why shouldn 't I get my revenge on her ?
tr	NNS	He has no telepathic capabilities . "
tr	NN	" Crows , but I want a good long soak . "
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	When you 're done with that , grab the peppers and get them ready for the kabobs . "
tr	NNS	An erotic sensation lit her senses as she felt his hands on her stomach , his fingers burning her flesh .
tr	NNS	His silence spoke volumes about his opinion of her .
tr	NNS	" Nine hundred centimeters ! "
tr	NN	I felt a pang in my chest when I thought about Jake .
tr	NNS	At first , I made all sorts of plans .
tr	NNS	" We 've rigged guide cables up through the doors .
tr	NNS	" I do my own designs . "
tr	NN	Since the coma happened so quickly , it also had a bizarre effect on the people 's faces .
tr	NNS	Then he blew his candles out , saw to the fire and curled up in his sleeping bag .
tr	NNS	" She says the coins for me meal and sleepin ' in this fine room .
tr	NN	If she could establish some emotional equilibrium ... " Yes . "
tr	NNS	He opens his own soda and grins .
tr	NNS	The smell of sandalwood filled her senses .
tr	NNS	Retrieving the balls perhaps ?
tr	NN	What dread can this contain ? "
tr	NN	The team that 's in Bolivia cracked a coup against the American embassy there so the mood was good around the office .
tr	NN	he asked worriedly , his eyes already filling with tears .
tr	NNS	His knee pummeled Riyad 's ribs as he held him still .
tr	NNS	" You 've got mad tax skills .
tr	NNS	He took the twins into a quiet spare bedroom where they could sleep peacefully , and stayed there watching over them .
tr	NN	Polly grabbed a handful of popcorn .
tr	NN	I was rinsing conditioner from my hair when he pressed his nak * d body against my back .
tr	NN	I did not mention the package he sent me to anyone .
tr	NNS	Sarah noticed new shingles on the roof and a fresh coat of paint on the gutters .
tr	NN	If he 'd been human , Merrill might have been tapping his foot impatiently .
tr	NNS	Sheriff Matheson had no objections , though he said Ali was complaining that he needed a prayer rug and a Koran .
tr	NNS	She didn 't trust her responses or her senses .
tr	NNS	He teased her folds by rubbing the head of his shaft against them , coating it in her wetness .
tr	NN	The nurses inspected each item for damage or visible evidence , but they found none .
tr	NN	I would want revenge too .
tr	NNS	I know the best Standard makers ; I 'll have them work on it tonight . "
tr	NN	" I 'll call a nurse , make them give you something for -- " " In a minute . "
tr	NNS	Celaena pushed back the covers , sugar spraying into the air .
tr	NN	" Of course , we 'll use protection . "
tr	NNS	It woke up my senses , cleared my head , and my lungs indulged in the crisp , damp air as I took long even breaths .
tr	NN	Eventually , Evan stood and threw out our plates and empty soda cans .
tr	NN	" I eat cardboard , too .
tr	NN	Not the Reapers ' skeleton , thank god .
tr	NNS	He lifted his ruined hand high , the Queen heard the sound of feet in the darkness , she watched dark robed figures entering the chamber .
tr	NNS	He spotted a few onlookers in the doorway of an adjacent building .
tr	NNS	The soldier soon went boneless .
tr	NN	I didn 't need a trademark anyway .
tr	NNS	Apparently the intruder dropped the items when the alarm sounded . "
tr	NN	Now that I was alone with him , I felt a bit awkward .
tr	NN	He dropped his briefcase by the workstation and loosened the necktie choking him .
tr	NN	He wore the yellow mantle of the healer Mages .
tr	NNS	Her silence spoke volumes .
tr	NN	" I have an appointment at 9 so this isn 't much of a surprise is it ? "
tr	NN	She had a scowl on her face and looked rigid in her gray business suit .
tr	NN	I could feel her life force clash against mine and sate my hunger .
tr	NNS	Any reason we could not be , what 's commonly called ' consenting adults ' ?
tr	NN	I know the bouncer and he 'll let us in .
tr	NN	One of the guards picked up the dagger .
tr	NN	He grabbed his rifle from the closet and drove to the woods near the abandoned farmhouse .
tr	NN	I needed at least a drawer .
tr	NN	I sat the fork down with a clink .
tr	NNS	How would she have hidden the marks he 'd left on her shoulder ?
tr	NN	He liked the bluegrass flavor of the song .
tr	NNS	They all had their temporary trial versions of immortality , and those expiration dates showed no signs of approaching .
tr	NNS	and politics ( House X screwed us over yesterday ! )
tr	NN	" Which of you has their bird ? "
tr	NN	He adjusted his ball cap , which was even more stained with sweat than his shirt .
tr	NN	But more movement snapped the rope in place , wounding itself on the base of the creature 's wing !
tr	NN	" The Ghost submarine may have shot its bolt ! "
tr	NN	He had a preliminary file on the man , along with files on many others who had witnessed the blast .
tr	NN	She felt unbelievable joy at how satisfied she was , and knowing she 'd been the cause of Rafe losing control .
tr	NN	Nik gazed back , his face void of expression , then swung his visor into place and climbed onto the seat behind Ice .
tr	NNS	I had expected bombed-out buildings and instead find myself confronted with broken human bodies .
tr	NNS	" Then maybe I could make some sandwiches ? "
tr	NNS	He watched Aquarius through the windshield walking up to the office door and entering the building .
tr	NN	" I don 't need a Healer , Gray .
tr	NNS	Something about his body language raised the hairs on Claire 's arm .
tr	NNS	One of his arms was crushing her ribs while the other was around her face .
tr	NN	She uses a sponge to apply the oil .
tr	NNS	Some cars had bricks thrown on their windshields .
tr	NN	' Massaging the data . ' "
tr	NNS	I have two ships of my own now that sail out of Salisbury . "
tr	NNS	At least it had wheels .
tr	NNS	As if they were stalking the deer for darker , more sinister purposes .
tr	NN	As the engine roared to life , she hit speed dial , but lost the call on the second ring .
tr	NN	Before the door was fully open , the waiter shoved the cart into the room .
tr	NN	" Florist humor . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll move their SUVs so it looks like they didn 't go missing right here .
tr	NN	An arrow struck the laird from behind .
tr	NNS	With final defeat an almost inevitable outcome , the Imperium recalled all its ships in order to maximize Earth 's security .
tr	NN	He saw their questioning , veiled looks .
tr	NN	Michael tapped his pen on the desk , thinking .
tr	NN	I couldn 't help the smirk I felt on my face .
tr	NN	Sometimes she thought the gulf that separated them was wider than the ocean .
tr	NNS	I fixed the shields .
tr	NNS	A tall blonde male smirks in his blonde cat whiskers , then grabs her biceps .
tr	NN	Would you discuss the possibility of it with her ? "
tr	NNS	' You have just knocked your cards onto the floor , by the way . '
tr	NN	" Nice method of evaluation " - she bats him away - " if this were the middle ages . "
tr	NN	The thought alone made her hotter than hell .
tr	NN	But even as she fought , she got the strange impression that he tried very hard not to hurt her .
tr	NNS	" I will be visiting your sites shortly . "
tr	NNS	I 'm out here in the real world , dictating all these actions down to Mario . "
tr	NN	" Nor the electricity . "
tr	NN	I swallowed the knot in my throat .
tr	NNS	Picked teams of plainclothes Rangers and deputies , working in tandem . "
tr	NNS	He even hired a few more workers so I could be the crew boss , leading the bigger jobs . "
tr	NNS	We know these instincts without ever bringing them to consciousness .
tr	NNS	Disgusted with myself , I scanned the masses again .
tr	NNS	I hardly feel like ' Master of the Order ' when I am this powerless , " Mace rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	We have brownie bites , mini cupcakes , and slices of the new Magical Cakes of Love . "
tr	NNS	Xenon had laid out all his supplies and was combining things into a small black iron pot in front of him .
tr	NN	Opening the battery door , I slide the battery out and still see nothing but black plastic .
tr	NNS	They ordered beers and fish sandwiches and chatted for a while .
tr	NNS	" You have my sincere apologies , Miss Parker .
tr	NNS	But Mo didn 't like dogs . "
tr	NNS	We have enough medical supplies , but we only have two canteens and not enough food . "
tr	NN	I 'd taken the sunburn cream gingerly , asking why he cared .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods he hadn 't needed to use it .
tr	NNS	Instead , I parked a few blocks up , buckled on my katana , jumped the fence , and snuck across the grounds .
tr	NNS	Lettie keeps her supplies stocked pretty good . "
tr	NNS	" Hey , do you have the hots for some guy ? "
tr	NN	Then he pulled a backpack from under his bed and put it on the mattress .
tr	NNS	" Certain conditions ? "
tr	NNS	" Bear , " I said , arms out , palms facing him .
tr	NNS	I open my eyelashes , seeing bloody cuts on two kneecaps .
tr	NNS	" Man , you 've got amazing skills .
tr	NNS	Your sister tossed the twins around like rag dolls yesterday ... and she was only mildly annoyed then .
tr	NN	I made an appointment to have a security system put in on Monday .
tr	NN	Put a gown on her , and she 'd turn her fair share of heads in the room .
tr	NNS	And to think I would have believed your lies about being blackmailed if Ben didn 't hack into your computer !
tr	NNS	Graham could shove the cubs back at her and tell her to suck it up ; he had that right .
tr	NNS	They carried the infamous Tomahawk missiles that strike fear and terror to any opposition .
tr	NNS	Rain the night before had soaked the campers to the bone .
tr	NN	We have an important appointment with a lawyer , tomorrow .
tr	NNS	" By twelve hundred thirty-two dollars and forty-eight cents . "
tr	NN	After several seconds , Briggs gave me a pen .
tr	NN	She got the coke .
tr	NN	I opened the aspirin with my teeth , dumped several into my mouth , and chugged them down with the water .
tr	NNS	She stood inches from me , looking up and smiling .
tr	NN	I need some advice but I swore to him I wouldn 't tell .
tr	NN	Then we saw a film at the cinema about bugs .
tr	NNS	Not while he could plausibly tell himself he was following up leads .
tr	NN	She made a wild gesture of disgust toward Karou .
tr	NNS	They discussed racial backgrounds , coming from foreign countries , religion , and their mutual love of California .
tr	NNS	" Bunsen is having her babies ! "
tr	NNS	After eating , he cleaned his pans with sand and rinsed them in the clear , running water .
tr	NN	said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NN	They walked down the hill to the tree .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to hide my face , to run away screaming , to make up ridiculous excuses involving some other kind of animal .
tr	NN	He heard a hail and glanced up .
tr	NNS	She left the dishes and tended to Anna , walking her to the dining room and sitting her down .
tr	NN	Just turn this block and go about halfway down it .
tr	NNS	A bite from one of these affects both areas in a few women . "
tr	NN	He also had his real ID , but there was a bank card underneath , set to Kaidan 's name .
tr	NN	I mean , you know , discretion and all . "
tr	NN	I ask a little breathlessly .
tr	NNS	" You call the shots . "
tr	NNS	At the top of which , they discovered several shattered crates and a large lift ; the platform of which was out of sight high above them .
tr	NN	Angie licked the juice from her lips and glanced at the stove clock .
tr	NNS	He 'd been watching the offices of a small shipping company for almost three hours .
tr	NN	" It takes more than a mouthful of trout to fill me up ! "
tr	NNS	He didn 't have the connections at his church that she had developed at hers .
tr	NNS	My fingers grazed the knobs and in one motion I yanked the accordion doors back .
tr	NNS	Andra took the reins from his hands , " I 'm not tired and I don 't need rest . "
tr	NNS	He pointed , wordless with astonishment .
tr	NN	She could feel Jimmy 's heated glare , silently reprimanding her for going against him .
tr	NNS	I 've handled a few private shipments for him lately .
tr	NNS	Wiley Beck could save a few bucks by avoiding the Christmas dinner and the office party .
tr	NNS	He pushed his palms to his eyes .
tr	NNS	Nothing possessed hardness or substance except the sensations bombarding his raw nerve ends .
tr	NNS	I can only remember bits and pieces .
tr	NN	I have water , wine , beer , club soda ? "
tr	NNS	The HR department takes up two offices and a cubicle hub on the fourth floor of the TEB Financial building in downtown Mississauga .
tr	NNS	You know the phrase , dead men tell no tales ?
tr	NNS	Every day I checked her responses and then changed them . "
tr	NNS	We 'll be circling , they 'll know the routes . "
tr	NN	If you were wondering , a piezoelectric cell can make electricity just by having pressure applied to it .
tr	NN	They smash the painting out of its frame and roll it up .
tr	NNS	We entered the churning waters with a resounding slap that left my ears ringing .
tr	NNS	But in that second the voice chanted my doubts down .
tr	NNS	He found all sorts of things in cars from illegal drugs to a ruby ring that he never was able to trace the owner .
tr	NN	He fished the burnt gem from the fire and brought it to the water 's edge .
tr	NN	I felt a lump beginning to build in my throat .
tr	NNS	He laid both their coats on the floor and took his brother 's hand again .
tr	NNS	Now he was pissed , his jaws locking together .
tr	NNS	I stroked his scales .
tr	NNS	Elliott places the pamphlets on the table and pulls out a chair for me .
tr	NN	She was having a nervous breakdown and there was no stopping it .
tr	NNS	I took slow breaths , in and out , hoping no one noticed .
tr	NN	Desire snaked down his spine and spread through his limbs until they were laden .
tr	NN	Dex set up the tripod as a precautionary measure to keep the camera steady as the wind gusts threatened to blow him over .
tr	NN	He spoke a bit stiffly as if he were reading a cue card .
tr	NN	Jake felt guilt pinch at him .
tr	NN	Eubank 's expression lost its vitality like a sail that droops when a strong wind ceases suddenly .
tr	NNS	He scribbled some numbers on his hand .
tr	NN	I grabbed the dry towel .
tr	NNS	He throws two knives .
tr	NNS	If he did , it would confirm his worst fears .
tr	NNS	It carried immense engines that flared across the entire length of the ship 's stern .
tr	NN	You accepted responsibility for Andrew the day you arranged to take him into your home .
tr	NNS	' Get yourselves up here .
tr	NNS	After what had happened to her brother , I didn 't question her motives .
tr	NN	His ego tells us the method .
tr	NNS	Nightingale picked up his two packs of Marlboro , lighter , wallet and notebook .
tr	NN	" This is Baldwin , " Zeph repeats the introduction .
tr	NN	Or that I 'd love the gesture as much as I do .
tr	NNS	They had amazing swimming skills , and the swollen rivers were never much of a deterrent .
tr	NNS	" Accidents are called accidents for a reason . "
tr	NN	He actually preferred the " another " option , since it included a lot of pain and carnage .
tr	NNS	Then he wanted another 100 dollars .
tr	NNS	" Grab any supplies you can and follow Cindy ! "
tr	NNS	Thor allowed his instincts to take over .
tr	NNS	Burt left the unnatural surroundings of the office and headed back to where he felt most comfortable , leaving the oily smell of grease behind .
tr	NNS	So I 'd be cutting all her ties at once , and anything could happen . "
tr	NNS	Bianca couldn 't see any wires .
tr	NNS	The warehouse supplied pet stores throughout the southeast with live fish of all kinds , monkeys , parrots , etc. .
tr	NN	I could smell the liquor on him , and looked over , panicked , to Nori .
tr	NN	The thought sent a fierce ache into her very soul .
tr	NNS	Teenage girl had nightmares about situations like this .
tr	NN	" Well , " he changed the subject with a hand gesture that said it was handled as far as he was concerned .
tr	NN	Andrew took the sour cream from the refrigerator and spooned it into a small serving dish .
tr	NN	He oozed an almost unnatural masculine sexuality .
tr	NNS	He had two sisters , yet Finan had none , only brothers , so which truth did he tell her ?
tr	NN	" Did you sleep wel ? "
tr	NN	She opened another drawer and pulled out a pink graphic shirt with an 88 printed on the chest .
tr	NN	Fear snaked down Vicki 's spine .
tr	NN	" A year ago I established a second ID for myself .
tr	NN	It dented our hull .
tr	NNS	I want our families to get along .
tr	NN	He should have a thirst to match .
tr	NN	Of course , I could fake forgiveness and go back to work there and make everything seem fine .
tr	NNS	They used silver spiked clubs to make their point last night .
tr	NN	The crew as usual will be squawking a Yemen business jet transponder code to cover us . "
tr	NN	" I require no apologies , only obedience ! "
tr	NNS	The people of the Chalk hadn 't liked witches .
tr	NN	She opened the fridge and let him look into it .
tr	NNS	A girl about my age shoveled oats into my bowl .
tr	NNS	By 7am , I was walking down the halls of the dorms , towards the theater .
tr	NNS	These people form tight-knit little families which make up a larger tribe .
tr	NN	He 'd never take a backseat in life or in public .
tr	NN	My fingers stroked her thigh and I felt my heart rate speed up a little .
tr	NN	The kettle helm would at least provide a little protection for one of them .
tr	NNS	I first used drugs because I thought Hank needed them to loosen up .
tr	NNS	He scanned the booths , rushed into the back rooms , and even checked the ladies ' bathroom .
tr	NN	The man 's quiet diligence , combined with his wardrobe of plain black suits , had earned him the nickname the " Quaker . "
tr	NNS	Now get those pies in the oven .
tr	NN	It took all her willpower to force a smile to her lips .
tr	NN	" He has an old debt to me .
tr	NN	She set her strongest weave on him and bound his hands , arms and legs .
tr	NN	Jake tested the wire with the gloves .
tr	NN	NO NO NO NO NO NO NO .
tr	NNS	Carl explained the terms of the new will .
tr	NN	I stifled a groan .
tr	NN	" Och , you cheeky bugger !
tr	NN	A nurse gave her some juice thru a straw as she was severely dehydrated .
tr	NN	I felt a snort coming on but I held it back .
tr	NNS	Lily distributed the cups .
tr	NNS	He took the reins to give her a break .
tr	NN	She puts down the magazine and glances up at me .
tr	NNS	" If there 's to be no fighting , why haven 't you and the other traders gone out for fur ? "
tr	NN	" Tell me , leech .
tr	NN	When he looked up , it was using its wing to regain the balance lost due to his kick .
tr	NNS	The look in his eyes caused my insides to recoil .
tr	NNS	Emily and Aria mounted their bikes and headed for home , too .
tr	NN	Lucifer had chosen his assassin well .
tr	NNS	I can 't impose my fears and what I think is right upon you .
tr	NNS	" I like your tricks . "
tr	NNS	Every bit of my body that had not been protected by my suit was blistered burns .
tr	NN	He wanted liquor , not tepid tea .
tr	NN	" What I believe is , you rigged this wager .
tr	NNS	A few hours later , Trevor carried two plates of pasta from the kitchen to the dining room .
tr	NNS	As in the nature of any woman , she only covered her breasts , so her back was still totally exposed to him .
tr	NN	She took her apron off , laid it on the edge of the wooden table , and practically ran from the building .
tr	NNS	" The finger pricks hurt more than the shots because fingers have so many nerve endings . "
tr	NNS	As if the grievous wounds were of no consequence at all , he plucked out the daggers and dropped the bloodied weapons to the ground .
tr	NNS	They stood just inches from one another , so close that Spencer could smell Zach 's breath mints .
tr	NN	She paused her massage to think and began her strange hand movements once more .
tr	NN	I peel the tape off the top of the box .
tr	NNS	" Mica and Angela each have their own unique talents . "
tr	NN	She fought the urge to panic , and merely bit down hard onto a couple of fingers .
tr	NN	" Think nothin ' of it .
tr	NN	As I nod , the room does a little spin and shifts off-kilter , like an awkward toddler ballerina .
tr	NNS	He held all the cards and she knew it , yet still she stood her ground .
tr	NNS	She melted his insides , turned him into something gentle , when he had been so certain there was no chance for him to feel such things .
tr	NNS	Liam had taken many photographs of the countryside , careful not to take anything that might be too inflammatory to a Nationalist search .
tr	NNS	Their system only challenges connections to join the network .
tr	NN	To see him tower over me thrusting his hips forward to fill my mouth made my pussy ache with need .
tr	NNS	" Have her physicians asked for the drug used on Stephanie Johnson ? "
tr	NNS	Determined to hurry the morning and get to my date , I swipe the remaining dishes from the table and head toward the sink .
tr	NN	Alexandra and the duchess ascended the curving staircase together , and Alexandra was shown into a splendid suite of rooms decorated in shades of rose .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't do drugs or guns .
tr	NN	" Bonnie and I have been gathering hay and fuel and we 're All right . "
tr	NNS	I straightened the covers on her bed and tucked her in more tightly , because she looked cold .
tr	NN	" Oh my god ! "
tr	NNS	I will produce some personal references for you by the end of the day . "
tr	NNS	" I have the vegetables from Subject # 78 for the barter with Subject # 22 . "
tr	NN	I had the sergeant here bring you down because I was frightened that the struggle inside would rip your tendons from your bones . "
tr	NN	I looked out the peephole even though I was expecting Winslow , because you never know , but of course it was him .
tr	NN	We had made good progress digging out Jack .
tr	NNS	system in the hall was slowly running down it 's batteries in a desperate attempt to get someone to pick up 116 messages .
tr	NNS	With a resigned shrug , Winston parted the blinds on the picture window and gazed outside .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	She blocked both their blades with her own , kicked one , knocking him to the ground and gutted the other .
tr	NNS	They cannot enter their working areas until they have gone through a shower and dust collector system , the same used in the European Space program .
tr	NN	He felt her tremble beneath his fingers , the thrill electric as he gripped her tighter .
tr	NNS	I don 't drink or do drugs , and I 've never smoked a cigarette .
tr	NN	He cast his sword carelessly to the side and the guards swarmed in around him to enact their revenge .
tr	NN	" We saw that dreadful magazine .
tr	NNS	McKenna and Luke gathered their ingredients and were beginning to assemble pans of lasagna noodles and sauce .
tr	NN	I twisted the knob ; it was unlocked .
tr	NNS	She inhaled the scents of powdered sugar and frying oil like an addict .
tr	NNS	" You can create illusions .
tr	NN	I needed more info .
tr	NNS	They 'd each hired teams of lawyers to try to break the will with no luck .
tr	NN	John pulled his pistol out of his holster aimed and fired .
tr	NN	He stood in the vestibule , hidden in a shadow , looking in .
tr	NNS	Had she not witnessed his powers ?
tr	NN	She let out a low moan .
tr	NN	I grabbed the receiver .
tr	NN	She also handed me a towel .
tr	NNS	" May I see your credentials ? "
tr	NNS	There was already some fool supposedly selling T-shirts with some cheesy slogan about eating at the Pork Pit and living through the experience .
tr	NN	We base our assessment of the intelligence of others almost entirely on how closely their thinking matches our own .
tr	NN	As I remembered , she didn 't particularly like his tower .
tr	NN	She squeezed his thigh .
tr	NNS	Marsh had found the servants .
tr	NN	The high court made the ruling .
tr	NN	My employers don 't give a crap whether you walk again , and I 'll do whatever I need to . "
tr	NNS	He will rule kingdoms in his own right .
tr	NNS	When they reached the outskirts of Adder , they exchanged their uniforms for plain clothes .
tr	NNS	Prospero is collecting scientists and holding them in his castle .
tr	NN	The two-dimensional god tapped his two-dimensional toe .
tr	NN	He felt the tingling sensation of contact with the Mist .
tr	NN	Cassie had never known anybody who liked to eat so much , except Suzan .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Dupont had sent her dogs to finish her off .
tr	NN	She never had a run-in with the law .
tr	NNS	Please , enjoy the refreshments . '
tr	NNS	He knows their hearts and lives , so he should be the only one to judge others .
tr	NN	She could see the potential of the cottage .
tr	NN	The four of them crossed the highway together in that way cops had of moving , casually and calmly , with frightening purpose .
tr	NNS	" You have millions of fans .
tr	NNS	" Some felt no changes from it , but others claim to have better vision and hearing .
tr	NNS	" You make one eleven year old cry , and they stop bugging you . "
tr	NN	" Know the punishment for treason against our King and tremble .
tr	NNS	Going to the stream , she could carry both buckets with one hand and still have one hand free to hold the fruit .
tr	NN	" As a vice president ? "
tr	NN	Now she could feel his palm resting on her chest , just as he 'd done their first night together .
tr	NNS	If he 's smart , I won ' ' ave ta run ya through . "
tr	NN	" Why do you have a bat in your hand ? "
tr	NNS	And why are you wearing those dreadful rags ? "
tr	NNS	Jason had scratches and claw marks on his hands , but the smile on Lauren 's face made up for them .
tr	NNS	They can 't claim clan assets as long as either chieftain lives .
tr	NNS	But it plopped into existence a few inches from his face ; it was fat , round , black and glossy , with horrible eyebrows .
tr	NNS	I 'll make the necessary arrangements to keep her safe .
tr	NN	She had a throbbing ache between her legs that needed to be assuaged and there was only one way guaranteed to give her the release she craved .
tr	NNS	He 'd keep his fangs away from her .
tr	NNS	There we will settle our families and build proper defences .
tr	NNS	My eyes scanned the shelves behind the bar , taking in the variety .
tr	NNS	" I actually don 't have much till about 1988 .
tr	NN	She gripped the small .22 pistol in her hand and put the other on Miguel 's knee .
tr	NN	His hand moved up and down her spine in a comforting motion .
tr	NNS	Their pain will cause carelessness .
tr	NN	Sweat makes my body slick with a bright sheen .
tr	NNS	And Ethan had enough contacts in enough places to guarantee placement .
tr	NNS	His words were giving me the creeps .
tr	NNS	The bank offers many varieties of checks that you can order from their website as well .
tr	NNS	He rinsed his pink palms and shut off the water .
tr	NN	" You don 't like chocolate ?
tr	NNS	They 've raided those planets , took what they could , and left them behind .
tr	NNS	About a minute later , he set the forks on the counter and held the saucer in the candlelight for Becca 's inspection .
tr	NN	I need a new desk clerk at the hotel .
tr	NN	She had an inflated belly .
tr	NNS	He hesitated a few paces from the desk to catch his breath and wipe the beads of sweat forming along his brow .
tr	NN	At least , I could make out similar baseball cap and t-shirt , but he was too far away to see any real details .
tr	NNS	" Should I paint the window frames ? "
tr	NN	He had Eve 's death warrant in his pocket .
tr	NN	Kat took her fingernail and scraped against the priceless desk , and a small amount of a very soft substance rubbed away .
tr	NNS	How can so few possess so many abilities ?
tr	NNS	And now it has my fingerprints on it . "
tr	NN	Shifting in her chair , Lauren readjusted the hem of her dress once again , thankful Callie had given her such a present .
tr	NN	He adjusted his baseball cap by the brim and led them to the far corner of the yard .
tr	NN	He palmed the crown of her head , slowly working over her hair to spread the suds .
tr	NNS	And I don 't have wheels , so I 'm doubly not cool . "
tr	NN	The King put his drinking horn down and waited for the tent flap to open .
tr	NNS	I can still salvage the data unless the damage is all-encompassing . "
tr	NNS	" Hunting vampires is playing dangerously .
tr	NNS	Some would bolt , their instincts dragging them from the onrushing unknown .
tr	NN	" Okay , " Jo sent a quick e-mail to Kate and then turned off her computer .
tr	NN	" Did you just throw a shoe at me ? "
tr	NNS	He 'd barely pushed a few inches off the ground when Aris landed on his back , slamming him down .
tr	NN	I left the old Enoch trapped in my basement .
tr	NN	I pointed the rifle at his knee and fired .
tr	NNS	" They want their younger selves again . "
tr	NNS	She 's cooking mushrooms that she found , first of the season , shows summer 's coming to an end . "
tr	NNS	I just have a few aches and pains .
tr	NNS	Lukas even point out some areas that he had marched through with her great uncle .
tr	NNS	The Lycans had abandoned attempts at the other dragons and the rest were away safely .
tr	NNS	Haley stacked the crates .
tr	NN	" You have a pen ? "
tr	NNS	They told their families how to get there , using landmarks as directions .
tr	NN	Probably the latter , unfortunately .
tr	NNS	His tongue found the angry marks , and bathed them gently with his healing touch .
tr	NNS	TJ handed out beers , offering me a bottle of lemonade , which I happily accepted .
tr	NN	I noticed that Lilly was wearing the best of every designer imaginable , which was hard to do considering we all wore the same , plain uniform .
tr	NN	So he bought the t-shirt for # 9.99 .
tr	NN	" Bring 'em on , witch ! "
tr	NNS	His hair has track marks from his comb , and it 's still damp around the edges as though he 's fresh from the shower .
tr	NN	Rhyme asked the Deity , who was fidgeting so much Rhyme could hardly see her body in the dim light .
tr	NN	I watch her chest shudder to a stop , and I know she 'll never open her eyes again .
tr	NN	Liam scratched absently at his own face , where sandy brown whiskers had started to grow in .
tr	NNS	So the Felines used their cat swiftness to dive at Andrea , forcing Ronan into a defensive position .
tr	NN	She found the corkscrew , opened the Zinfandel and poured a glass .
tr	NN	Content with the result , he turned to the woman , pointed the pistol at her head , and pulled the trigger .
tr	NN	Tell all your friends goodbye and start packing .
tr	NNS	" Once again you save our butts .
tr	NN	Then he took the package out of her hands .
tr	NNS	We 'll have your raft 's restrictions removed , and you can find it at the spaceport . "
tr	NN	Keeley called back the mounting grief and clenched her hands tight so she didn 't break down .
tr	NN	Chase had my blouse and skirt off in seconds , pulling back the covers , helping me lie down , the blankets tucked around me .
tr	NNS	I felt dizzy again .
tr	NN	I raise the crossbow and take the leader between the eyes .
tr	NNS	You 'll never fit two bikes , even kids ' size , in that space .
tr	NN	She thanked the nurse and walked out the door , trying to stifle a sob .
tr	NNS	As was becoming his practice , when he got to his office he called DeVries .
tr	NN	She wore a long , flowing , white gown made of a fine silk , and black combats boots adorned her feet .
tr	NN	I touched my belly .
tr	NNS	I didn 't know where they were going to the bathroom but judging by the smell out there they didn 't have appropriate facilities .
tr	NNS	I dropped my plates off with Lilly before grabbing the broom and making my way around the kitchen floor .
tr	NNS	Too keyed up to sit still , he prowled the corridors for hours before going to his apartment .
tr	NNS	But for now , he was giving her more miracles by the moment .
tr	NNS	Xavier is sending his guardians after us .
tr	NNS	I can , however , see fragments of your past .
tr	NNS	The braves combed the remains of the village for anything of value .
tr	NNS	" Who would spend twenty-five million dollars for something like that ? "
tr	NN	We have a staring contest that goes on for at least a minute , but then a mare passing by our stall distracts him .
tr	NNS	Then I drop my mattress and cover it with the sheet .
tr	NNS	I shove the pretzel bites at him , set the lemonade on the counter , and mumble the total .
tr	NN	Pete gave her a quick squeeze .
tr	NNS	" He 's having issues with his dad .
tr	NNS	They kept their techniques to themselves , always wary of their neighbours , knowing that today 's friend can be tomorrow 's enemy .
tr	NNS	" Well , I don 't mind the magazines , although I also don 't see their allure .
tr	NNS	I can hear my teammates shouting from the bench , including Ty .
tr	NNS	This number of clustered Freaks smelled bad enough to make me nauseous .
tr	NNS	" You take too many chances , Nicolas .
tr	NNS	" We 're building some new condos down there . "
tr	NN	I need that pup .
tr	NNS	Rod waved away the arguments and held up his hand for silence .
tr	NN	At the same time , he couldn 't hide a quality of what seemed almost stunned disbelief at his own words .
tr	NNS	" Shouldn 't we stop and switch drivers ? "
tr	NNS	We want those fires behind the herd , not right in the middle . "
tr	NN	The entire state has the same area code . "
tr	NNS	" Sound out her expectations for the picnic tomorrow and report back to me in the morning . "
tr	NNS	He had shown her politics from a different perspective entirely .
tr	NNS	Rory and Allen stiffened their spines and lowered the muzzles of their guns to the floor .
tr	NNS	I drummed my pointed fingernails on my steering wheel .
tr	NNS	It gave me the creeps when he did that .
tr	NNS	This guy had no survival instincts whatsoever .
tr	NNS	When I asked them questions , they quickly made excuses and left .
tr	NN	If things were good , he 'd manage his liquor .
tr	NNS	I 'll give you the forms to take home to fill out and you can bring them back then . "
tr	NN	He extended his small dagger in front of him hoping to at least poke one of the Mog 's eyes out .
tr	NN	I had the sudden sensation of unseen eyes watching me accompanied by a strange warmth .
tr	NNS	His jerky look back over his shoulder , the defensive glint in his eyes , confirmed her fears .
tr	NNS	And going by his car , he wasn 't lacking funds either .
tr	NN	I cleaned out the coffee maker and set it up for the morning .
tr	NNS	After all the Royals had left their Federation planets ; the planets no longer had their autocratic control .
tr	NNS	Hone your skills until they 're perfect . "
tr	NNS	" It impresses the females .
tr	NNS	She smiled encouragingly and tried to look interested , hoping he got to the point soon .
tr	NN	Vee 's expression softened just a tad .
tr	NNS	We need more teams like you two .
tr	NN	She heard a heavy clunk behind her .
tr	NN	You 'll never see your shipment again . "
tr	NN	Below her feet was a fist sized diamond that stood on its tip .
tr	NN	" I knew our faith in you was not misplaced .
tr	NN	He tasted perfection with Turntable Poison but it was local perfection .
tr	NN	Shane Baxter had a reputation in these parts that was as legendary as the man who sired him .
tr	NN	There goes my outfit .
tr	NNS	" I won 't defend or explain my actions to you or anyone else .
tr	NN	But her involuntary physical reactions belied the verbal denial .
tr	NN	When I recovered , I noticed a bat hanging upside down from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Forty thousand dollars . "
tr	NN	And then he 'd done ... goodness what he 'd done to her !
tr	NN	But it gave her a blast of something she could use .
tr	NN	He knocked his knuckles against the desk instead .
tr	NNS	From little things like Maddy 's reactions to all the gifts to things like her concern that I not do anything drastic .
tr	NN	It spiraled over some low scrub and dropped from sight .
tr	NNS	Boxes of tiny field grids fill the inside pages .
tr	NN	I can feel your arousal echoing mine even at this distance .
tr	NN	He couldn 't stop a smile stretch slowly across his face .
tr	NNS	He even produced some extra additions to her collection of components and made a few modifications of his own .
tr	NNS	" They gave me those cards , okay ? "
tr	NN	Miranda swallowed the huge lump in her throat and resisted the urge to crush her .
tr	NN	Opposite the vehicle ramp .
tr	NNS	Singing their triumph , the sea people called their allies .
tr	NNS	A few short answers persuaded even my birds to leave me alone .
tr	NN	The resulting orgasm sent a bolt of lightning up her spine , seizing her body and lighting it on fire .
tr	NNS	And unfortunately , they don 't always use their brains . "
tr	NN	You should see their dismay after realizing the thermostats only go up .
tr	NNS	" As your friend here pointed out , I don 't kill Reboots .
tr	NNS	My words came out breathless .
tr	NN	" Oh , " she said self-consciously .
tr	NNS	You might lose a few IQ points , but I don 't think either of us will mind that .
tr	NNS	Each evisceration delighted his darker desires until he realized the foul foe had fallen before him to become lifeless .
tr	NNS	The men left their chairs and filed past Ramsey as he slid past their stations .
tr	NNS	He has wild aspirations about the imperial throne and very little in the way of prospects in that direction . "
tr	NN	Ned nearly dropped his fork .
tr	NNS	She handed him the ten dollars and let him stamp the inside of her wrist .
tr	NNS	He 'd done two terms for a total of four years .
tr	NNS	Fitzwilliam continued his efforts to thwart her attempts .
tr	NNS	She rocked her pelvis , pressing her sensitive spot hard against him .
tr	NNS	He checked the compass , and headed west .
tr	NNS	He passes a few more patrols , and a few stunned residents sitting in the remnants of their homes .
tr	NN	She managed caution on that point , at least .
tr	NN	With a scream , I toppled off the swing .
tr	NNS	She turned her pockets inside out .
tr	NN	He ran a bath for me and I convinced him to join me .
tr	NNS	" How do you explain the millions of people who successfully drive a standard transmission every day ? "
tr	NN	I had fulfilled my destiny . "
tr	NNS	They shoved the cameras in my face and took pictures .
tr	NNS	He scented the darker cravings within her .
tr	NNS	He rubs his eyes and then blinks as he gazes up at the ceiling .
tr	NNS	" We cannot be sure , no demon has ever crossed our lands before , it may only be a break in the timeline . "
tr	NNS	They all know their chances of winning double as soon as I step onto the field .
tr	NNS	The consulate here monitored his activities .
tr	NN	So how ' bout a slice of pizza ?
tr	NN	Wil noticed the efficiency of the ferryboat operators , the dirty , swiftly moving water , carrying huge barges linked together .
tr	NNS	" Your ribs and chest too .
tr	NN	I got nothin ' here .
tr	NN	Hyperion handed him a few slips of paper .
tr	NNS	Plus , you can believe me when I tell you a good review works wonders on a writer 's soul .
tr	NNS	" So we both have ... issues . "
tr	NN	Get the ... " Rata needed oxygen and couldn 't say any more , but he stopped to help the captive up , and they resumed running .
tr	NNS	" And what about the mech birds ? "
tr	NN	When we got to the bar , Mason pulled his motorcycle around to the back where he parked close to a back door .
tr	NNS	If there is , we 'll get his remains turned over to his family .
tr	NNS	They always had drivers to take them wherever they needed to go in a car that will always be a BMW , her mother 's favorite brand .
tr	NNS	Clarence squeezed his wineglass so tightly that I worried it would break .
tr	NN	And now we 've got a circus you could sell tickets to , complete with spousal abuse , black widows , and sideways stepmother bitch slaps .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths and tried to compose myself .
tr	NNS	He reappears just inches away from the ceiling and releases Nine .
tr	NNS	The sound of his voice drew two young teens down the stairs to see what was going on .
tr	NNS	I can talk to the right people , I can give you more clients than you can even handle . "
tr	NN	I hiked my gown up to knee length , and secured it there by tying it in a knot .
tr	NNS	As was becoming my usual , I scanned the other diners to see if anyone was giving me more than casual stares .
tr	NN	If any of the other nobility around Vin had noticed the event , they paid it no heed , continuing their chatting as they waited .
tr	NNS	That you make me feel all sorts of things .
tr	NNS	I 've a few wallpaper samples here for you to look at .
tr	NN	His body showed the exhaustion of a long day 's work and bike ride .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to see if Kellan 's harlots had left yet .
tr	NNS	I was inside cleaning the bugs when she picked up the body from the garage and put it into the trunk of the viper .
tr	NNS	I can teach you the skills you need to protect your mind against others . "
tr	NNS	He tucked his thumbs in his back pockets .
tr	NN	She hadn 't had a visitor for nearly two hours .
tr	NN	The camera didn 't miss one single element of what made up a total transformation .
tr	NNS	" It heightened my other senses .
tr	NNS	Chapter 12 As I rushed towards the melee , speed and strength I didn 't think possible coursed through my body .
tr	NN	I suppress a shudder .
tr	NNS	Abe picked up both plates and emptied one on top of the other .
tr	NNS	Ricky checked all the families .
tr	NNS	I also love cats .
tr	NNS	She wiped sweaty palms on her jeans .
tr	NN	Now Little Spirit set up their equipment with respect to its heritage despite its modest hundred and fifty capacity .
tr	NNS	" Well , she pulled weeds with me .
tr	NN	In the house , he patted her butt and told her to be good .
tr	NN	His own speed distorted his impression of the size of the thing .
tr	NN	When you wake up , you will feel a little groggy .
tr	NN	" The archangels keep one feather on record .
tr	NN	" Did you want further instruction on the Valla ? "
tr	NN	Incredibly , she felt his shoulder tense under her hand .
tr	NN	As Corinne quietly ate her dinner , she felt a pang of selfishness for the need that spurred her to seek her own child above the rest .
tr	NN	He smacked her fleshy backside .
tr	NNS	" We had a few delays coming from the other end but not much resistance .
tr	NNS	Cooper Flanders is severing all emotional ties with me .
tr	NNS	He unified the factions of Old Haven , and now he 's brought them here to the surface to end this society of intolerance . "
tr	NN	We don 't share every detail . "
tr	NN	Any man of discerning taste will see that straightaway . "
tr	NNS	I imagine the braided wires slithering apart , sliding under my skin , burrowing through my flesh .
tr	NNS	So he introduced Lady Bugs .
tr	NN	Quickly he jumps off the table landing on the man 's chest breaking several of his ribs .
tr	NNS	" What kinda batteries ? "
tr	NN	" I mean , this kid 's got real talent .
tr	NNS	He was using his Lycan senses and military training to get him through the village without being seen .
tr	NNS	Besides , I was just running down deer . "
tr	NNS	" Grahame , at my bank manager 's suggestion , I had your figures and statements for the last decade independently audited .
tr	NN	I felt a pat on my shoulder and it was the tall guy standing behind me handing me the ball .
tr	NNS	He handed the items to Melody .
tr	NN	She put down her parasol , pulled up her skirts with one hand , and fitted her foot to the outcrop .
tr	NN	I accepted the handshake .
tr	NNS	Jeez , you 're scaring the other freaks ! "
tr	NN	She wanted her revenge . "
tr	NN	" I forgot my towel in my truck . "
tr	NN	His hands twisted his knit cap as he searched to find the words to describe the horror he had witnessed .
tr	NNS	Ordered so many atrocities .
tr	NN	" Proper matching of related parts in shaping system . "
tr	NNS	" We heard a few reports from the radio before everything went dead .
tr	NN	I respect his intelligence .
tr	NN	Between here and there lay a gulf of darkness .
tr	NNS	I 'd read erotic romance novels that didn 't get me this heated up .
tr	NNS	Buddy and Mandy set up trust funds for each of Melanie 's children 's education .
tr	NN	Carefully , he unscrewed the gas cap and placed it down in the compartment .
tr	NN	The tobacco smoke could not quite hide the aroma from the wisteria next to the patio .
tr	NNS	She made a few abortive attempts at conversation .
tr	NN	She forced a casual shrug , knowing she held the general 's life in her hands .
tr	NN	He opened his menu , skimmed the insert for the day 's specials , and placed his order as soon as the waiter arrived .
tr	NN	But go , finish your task ... They 'll be safe under my watch ... Though remember to return ... or I shall bring you back .
tr	NNS	But you don 't have any candles or stones .
tr	NN	Or make a fast fortune .
tr	NNS	They muttered their own small spells to themselves .
tr	NN	Instead , he wore a t-shirt that used to be white .
tr	NNS	A good juggler can keep a dozen brightly colored balls in the air all at the same time - as long as the balls aren 't slippery .
tr	NNS	Hungry , the flames flare , casting a brighter glow and illuminating Jesse 's profile , his eyelashes long and thick .
tr	NN	" What grade are you in ? "
tr	NN	Duke ordered a burger and fries , which seemed quaint for the fancy setting and service , and a little odd to be eating with expensive wine .
tr	NN	I caught the bodice before it fell from me and took a step back .
tr	NN	Perhaps their missing friends mentioned it , made an acquaintance there , anything .
tr	NNS	" You have any sisters ?
tr	NNS	" Yeah , I 've been wearing my contacts .
tr	NN	Then later on I saw my favourite player dragging his feet around and drooling from the mouth .
tr	NN	When I told my dad , he had a stroke .
tr	NNS	" Because I have skills .
tr	NN	Dag 's mom notes the clock , and so it is time to make our goodbyes .
tr	NN	The huge wood fired stove gleamed with polished steel hardware and deep blue enamel lacquered panels and doors .
tr	NNS	" She only had a few workers and half of those were disabled , so she pushed herself for years .
tr	NN	If you " re not an apple , you " re a banana ... Carrot came in quietly and placed a plate on the desk .
tr	NN	" You should see our budget .
tr	NN	My primary concern was then , and remains , her mental and physical well-being .
tr	NNS	" You got all your shops in ? "
tr	NN	I want the best ultrasound for Blaire and my baby . "
tr	NN	He should have grabbed a banana , candy bar , something .
tr	NNS	Shakespeare police always escort local funerals , and one of the cars is always stationed at the church .
tr	NN	Give me a code and I can crack it ; tell me a joke in Swahili and I 'll know when to laugh .
tr	NN	Some old wizard designed this sanctuary . "
tr	NNS	I dropped my cards on the table and stood , " You have got to be shitting me .
tr	NNS	" You know the actions of every horde ? "
tr	NN	He unlocked the trunk and grunted , reassured to see that his orders had been followed .
tr	NNS	A blissful kind of warmth overtakes his senses as he begins to wake from his deep sleep .
tr	NNS	He cracked his horse 's reins and rode off without waiting for an answer .
tr	NNS	Last year , when I got really mad at my big sister , I set her mattress on fire .
tr	NN	I change my ringer to vibrate and put my phone into my back pocket .
tr	NNS	In truth , she had simply stopped her little performances each night .
tr	NN	She waved a hand carelessly at him , heedless of the stares from passersby .
tr	NNS	Love explained his suspicions to which she apologised profusely and offered her help in any way possible .
tr	NN	" Oh , that is too funny coming from you , " she said , a gleam of amusement in her pitch black eyes .
tr	NNS	She accepted credit cards from mortals , but demanded payment in humankind from witches and wizards .
tr	NNS	" Boy troubles ? "
tr	NN	He remembered those same gelatinous orbs searing through the wings of the aerial predator , burning with acid fire .
tr	NN	She released a snort of a laugh .
tr	NN	I felt a warm trickle of relief .
tr	NNS	I wracked my brains for weeks wondering if I 'd left the breakfast dishes out or if I hadn 't cleaned the floor well enough .
tr	NNS	Then again , they 'd had different sorts of marriages .
tr	NN	" Big fat F. Failing grade .
tr	NNS	I clenched my jaws with a chunk of cheek between my teeth .
tr	NNS	" Aye , " Jenny nodded , " We have ample supplies of both . "
tr	NNS	She could see figures on the other side sitting or pacing , but they didn 't notice her .
tr	NNS	And so did Tartarus .
tr	NN	Does she have a double personality or something ?
tr	NNS	" Well , you followed my bread crumbs . "
tr	NN	She returned his kiss hungrily , wanting more .
tr	NN	I was tempted to tell him about the Great Soup Scandal , thinking that of all of my friends , he would understand the humor in it .
tr	NNS	Few people receive second chances in life .
tr	NN	It didn 't have its usual effect .
tr	NN	" These children try my patience . "
tr	NNS	Strange wood , metal , and bone instruments bridged the generational gaps , and Rover played in and out of the musicians ' melodies at will .
tr	NN	Face wild with frightened anger , he tore it open , the soggy paper parting like tissue in his hands .
tr	NNS	How many ships have we lost ?
tr	NN	" So when did you make Lorcan 's fine acquaintance ? "
tr	NNS	" I have larger issues to address . "
tr	NNS	Just takes a little brains and patience . "
tr	NNS	" Recently I 've been having visions of my own ... visions that are almost identical to those you 've just described . "
tr	NN	I saw a white coated server winding his way near us .
tr	NN	He 's got a very stiff noodle , and I get the impression he has all kinds of plans for his stiff noodle .
tr	NN	She blew it once , a long , loud , piercing blast that echoed around the yard .
tr	NNS	He also maintained extensive commercial property investments , which included shopping centers , office buildings , warehouses as well as several large apartment complexes .
tr	NNS	Blown its brains out from close range .
tr	NN	" And , I think , the god of the Mountain . "
tr	NNS	She counted sixteen dollars .
tr	NNS	One did not take chances with the Forsaken .
tr	NN	" You still sound a little shaken . "
tr	NNS	She saw gold coins glistening here and there , as if someone had scattered them as carelessly as ordinary pebbles .
tr	NN	He accepted the past tense with good grace .
tr	NN	Keep your appointment with the Stevens girl 's friend , but then come straight back here . "
tr	NN	I eyed Simone 's Louis Vuitton designer briefcase .
tr	NN	On its back , it carried a scroll .
tr	NNS	It holds bits of demon energy , Nate , not men 's souls !
tr	NN	You boys get outta here . "
tr	NN	The force of the throw caused the towel to smack right on the side of Tristan 's face .
tr	NNS	I have classes ! "
tr	NN	I don 't have the material for making gunpowder .
tr	NNS	Mentally she was in the forest with that unknown pack , running down a deer , savoring an easy meal .
tr	NNS	" Invisibility does have its benefits . "
tr	NNS	- Should I blow out the candles ?
tr	NNS	After much squinting , I deduced the two main points of the message .
tr	NNS	She handed the cans to us , and I asked her for a can opener .
tr	NNS	I wiped my palms on my bathrobe and cleared my throat to get rid of the sudden lump .
tr	NN	An attendant was standing next to her holding the always required umbrella above her head .
tr	NN	She would be checking that possibility in a couple of hours .
tr	NN	" Thank you , my lord .
tr	NNS	" But this house needs servants .
tr	NNS	His fangs ripped farther out of his gums , the sharp points throbbing with every moist brush of her lips against his .
tr	NN	With a sinuous motion Gideon had pulled the dagger from beneath his coat and whirled to confront the intruder .
tr	NNS	" I had my suspicions .
tr	NN	" I made a last minute appointment set for tomorrow .
tr	NNS	" Don 't ask questions , young Demon .
tr	NN	For most of them -- the ones who hadn 't known what they were really making -- Haven felt deep pity .
tr	NN	He felt her teeth nip at his neck , moaned with pleasure as heat flowed through him .
tr	NNS	" Enjoy my present , Gideon . "
tr	NN	I saw the silent glare from my coach -- but , more than anything , I felt torrential disappointment from them all .
tr	NN	" This place has so much potential .
tr	NN	Again , I felt the warm sensation all over my body .
tr	NN	" See ya , Lucky Penny ! "
tr	NNS	They were both wearing uniforms .
tr	NN	Quietly , she snuck down the curved staircase , terrified that her father would hear her and it would be over for her .
tr	NNS	He nuzzled her breasts , marveling at how soft she was , how perfect .
tr	NNS	Unbeknownst to them all , The Darkside Group had been sending secret manned missions to Mars , since the 1990 's .
tr	NN	" Did someone deliver pizza ? "
tr	NNS	Mary carried the prayers of the faithful to the altar of God .
tr	NN	He grabbed a thick , oversized beach towel from a storage container on the deck and headed down the stairs after her .
tr	NN	Dairy farms , sugarcane fields , and mango orchards divided the rolling landscape into a patchwork .
tr	NNS	The two girls parked their bikes near the front window and entered the noisy establishment .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any condoms . "
tr	NNS	Maybe I should just cut my losses and let myself get recalled .
tr	NNS	Dale , a member of the Last Chance Town Council , had directed the arrangements for the Watermelon Festival parade since cat was a kitten .
tr	NN	She hired the rental she got from there and there aren 't many other means of transport away from here . "
tr	NNS	Art galleries , designer clothing and jewelry boutiques and famous chefs ' restaurants lined the sidewalks , alternating old-world charm with more modern architecture .
tr	NNS	And she admired his many talents .
tr	NNS	We each have our strengths . "
tr	NN	Gaius tucked away his dagger .
tr	NNS	" Sunflower seeds ? "
tr	NNS	Then we dragged the mattress from Buck 's bed to the living room and dropped it in front of the fireplace .
tr	NN	Television cameras from all over the world recorded the spectacle .
tr	NN	His eyes did not leave the painting , his Adam 's apple rising as he swallowed hard , his hand frozen on the doorknob .
tr	NNS	It would take away any doubts I may have that this is truly a letter from my old friend and not some trick .
tr	NN	I 'd been playing football for more than half my life .
tr	NNS	She cancelled our dates .
tr	NNS	He plated the meals , lit the candle and left .
tr	NN	" They will turn the tide of battle .
tr	NNS	He placed before us two plates of salad , a basket of bread with a side dish of olive oil , and some type of seasoning .
tr	NNS	But this time Zeus hadn 't brought up cattle even once .
tr	NN	" You can just see the top sash behind the goldfish bowl . "
tr	NNS	Then they barricaded the roads .
tr	NNS	And the Iranians had built many hospitals and schools in needy parts of the country .
tr	NN	Lara felt an unexpected pang of guilt .
tr	NN	I felt my lip quiver .
tr	NNS	But his father has conditions on its availability to Tyler , like his having to join the firm and what not .
tr	NN	" I will not have every gazette and scandal rag speculating over the significance of my selection of dance partners .
tr	NN	Besides Grandma said if I did , she 'd build a special pen for Ima to stay when we come visit . "
tr	NNS	Mateo patted the handlebars .
tr	NNS	" The unconscious has tremendous creative powers , as we 've seen .
tr	NN	I joined the throng , looking around for Michael .
tr	NN	Max wiped a hand wearily over his face .
tr	NN	If he left it open , he 'd send a nasty email .
tr	NN	I will tell the senator you prefer to take your chances with a judge .
tr	NNS	" The pumps on either side of the drill head have sophisticated matter filters , and can separate the different elements coming in .
tr	NNS	They tasted extra delicious during the holy Advent time .
tr	NN	Bouquets of flowers adorned each wooden pew and spilled over the altar , scenting the air with their perfume .
tr	NN	Being still alive proved his success .
tr	NNS	" Take ten tiny breaths .
tr	NNS	Tristan left roses and cards professing his love , and he was a total stranger .
tr	NN	Alec felt his breath quicken .
tr	NNS	She stops and lowers her needles .
tr	NN	Some day they may even have their own language . "
tr	NN	Let 's get back onboard and see what Charlie found to eat . "
tr	NN	A double check of my calculations indeed showed a three minute error in timing .
tr	NN	I couldn 't see any resemblance between him and the Evil One .
tr	NNS	Louise hadn 't expected any surprises from the material stored there , and initially nothing jumped out at her .
tr	NNS	She may have valid points , but she knows crap all about journalism .
tr	NN	" I don 't see the harm in tell ing her . "
tr	NNS	Thus passed the next eleven years .
tr	NNS	I do all sorts of bad things .
tr	NN	He wore his usual uniform of black shirt and pants , his muscles evident under the thin fabric .
tr	NNS	After a while , I had so many pairs of shoes I didn 't know what to do with all of them .
tr	NNS	She forestalled any further excuses by handing him the coin .
tr	NNS	Eustace jumped backwards and aimed the antique revolver at Jimmy 's chest .
tr	NNS	Just give me a million dollars . "
tr	NNS	Eventually Hugh would recover his senses and he 'd find Haworth , loyal , steady and patient , right where he 'd left him .
tr	NNS	Just use your intuitive skills in wading through the smoke screens that are going to be thrown in your way .
tr	NN	" Oh my god . "
tr	NNS	She rounded up her dogs , stuffing Nimrod in his purse and bundling Tutu in her arms .
tr	NN	As he got closer he distinguished the lumps as people .
tr	NN	" But I have a helm and a hard skull .
tr	NN	You will pledge your loyalty to me , no ? "
tr	NN	For safety 's sake , he straddled the rope , grasped it with both hands , and began backing toward the center .
tr	NNS	" I thought we 'd get off here , " I said a few blocks from the concert .
tr	NN	You 'll spoil the perfectly good reputation I 've been working on for the last twelve years . "
tr	NN	An hour later , they had transferred all the intelligence they could carry onto the patrol ship .
tr	NNS	You humans might call them anti-gravity bands . "
tr	NN	" You have been working for me for eight days now , a circumstance I am beginning to regret . "
tr	NNS	Zoe inched nearer and read along with him .
tr	NNS	" Put your priorities in order !
tr	NNS	Framed prints , cleverly positioned lamps and even a few healthy pot plants ; it all had the feel of professionalism and thoughtful care .
tr	NN	In the distance , Haven saw a bright pinpoint of red fire glowing amidst a sea of yellow and white city lights .
tr	NNS	God covered all sorts of mysteries and sins of omission .
tr	NNS	Beyond , Alex could make out Lena 's muffled complaints and then something sharp from Jess .
tr	NN	He thrust the motorcycle in reverse and backed it up ever so slowly , inch by inch , never taking his eyes off of me .
tr	NN	Sheriff Martin followed Case to his car .
tr	NN	A wolf with dark red hair drove his motorcycle closer .
tr	NNS	We 've sent their descriptions to all the rendering plants and auction houses we could think of , but we haven 't heard anything . "
tr	NNS	Up until yesterday , I had had similar doubts .
tr	NNS	Amongst the many inexpensive and unusual systems in place , was a set of wooden wind chimes placed inside the balcony door .
tr	NN	The king sensed their unease and chuckled .
tr	NN	" You have more faith than I do . "
tr	NN	" Of a certainty .
tr	NNS	Together they tried new hunting techniques and strategies .
tr	NN	I didn 't dare anger Reinhold 's already ice thin patience by asking him what the plea actually was .
tr	NN	She wanted the knight but hated the knight .
tr	NNS	The Exteriors were killing babies ! "
tr	NN	She stifled a yawn .
tr	NNS	CHAPTER THIRTEEN Bo and I fol owed Lucius through the woods .
tr	NNS	But the majestic guardian adjusted his movements with his wings .
tr	NN	I can 't consider the possibility that he might come for us .
tr	NN	Amelie would never have survived the blast of fire .
tr	NNS	He had bite marks on his hands .
tr	NN	Neither spoke the other 's language , but Vivian 's firm but soft embrace and tender stroking of the girls ' hair spoke in a universal tongue .
tr	NNS	Being a lawyer has its good points .
tr	NNS	Spreadsheets detailing Ray 's sales to Horton and Ray 's bank records showed matching deposits .
tr	NNS	I have some skills as well .
tr	NNS	People in comas didn 't send texts .
tr	NNS	We know the prayers and which words to say in what order .
tr	NNS	The dark scowl alone would send babies screaming for their mothers .
tr	NN	I cut both of us a large chunk of brownie and poured two tall glasses of milk .
tr	NN	I return the pen and tablet to her hands and wait for her to respond .
tr	NNS	Her parents were quietly relieved and encouraged the youths to pursue this relationship in every way they could think of .
tr	NN	He picked up a yellow rubber duck .
tr	NN	Max started pacing methodically around the corral , the loading ramp , and the platform .
tr	NNS	I had a couple other classes , but this was my only one with her .
tr	NNS	They 'd have pretty babies together .
tr	NNS	He slowed his movements , and that 's when she felt that he trembled from head to foot and drank from her unsteadily .
tr	NN	But first ... " I must hunt another mortal for my experiments .
tr	NN	" Maybe they had new technology . "
tr	NN	He sent her a pout .
tr	NN	Checking my notes frequently , I slowly entered the password .
tr	NNS	I could be doing drugs .
tr	NN	I took the Mustang .
tr	NNS	I 've been carrying out missions for him for frigging years .
tr	NN	His hand left my hip to tangle in my hair , thumb caressing my jaw .
tr	NNS	Blake and I set our packs down and Blake takes a seat on the far end of the couch from Guy .
tr	NNS	Do not waste yourselves on the evils of liquor .
tr	NN	She saw the black uniform ; something seemed familiar .
tr	NN	" So what did everyone have to say when you told them you 'd be spending the quarter in Europe ? "
tr	NN	She heard his sharp intake of air .
tr	NN	" As a matter of fact ... " Brian heard a groan at the other end of the phone .
tr	NNS	The Colonel can 't drop beats , either .
tr	NNS	A single glance at our star will fill hearts with unimaginable love . "
tr	NNS	I saw your fangs . "
tr	NNS	I 've stopped the rituals .
tr	NN	To offer instruction and assistance to one another ? "
tr	NNS	I yanked back the drapes , even though it would be dark in an hour .
tr	NNS	Kincaid preferred physical activities that had a lethal edge to them .
tr	NN	Cal removed his cap to run his fingers through his thinning hair .
tr	NN	It dripped clear liquid .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Bidwell lived two blocks over from where Jess parked .
tr	NNS	" And good fathers love their sons , do they not ? "
tr	NN	" You 'll never manage publicity that way .
tr	NNS	Although he 'd never set eyes on them before he identified the items scattered around .
tr	NNS	After a while he poked the vegetables with a stick .
tr	NNS	" How many converted does this cult have ? "
tr	NNS	Father didn 't cover his tracks ; he didn 't expect to be locking me inside .
tr	NN	He ran his knuckles down her cheek .
tr	NN	It feels so " NOT HER " .
tr	NN	He caught her earlobe between his teeth and bit down a little , needing to reinforce the words .
tr	NNS	' Well , he might as well have hit your family members too .
tr	NN	With a war cry he flew landing on Marlon 's legs .
tr	NN	He wore a uniform -- a gray uniform .
tr	NN	She could use the relaxing solitude to think .
tr	NNS	You have exceeded my expectations . "
tr	NNS	Tracy , under protest , is wearing a navy sundress adorned with a white sash .
tr	NN	Both officers were examining the station wagon trying to find any evidence .
tr	NN	Dave made a gesture with his finger .
tr	NN	He disappeared down the forward staircase .
tr	NN	I hear a finality in her tone that tells me the subject is closed .
tr	NNS	Draw your own conclusions . "
tr	NNS	" Yes ... " " The bacteria provide the raw ingredients for the particles to reproduce themselves .
tr	NN	The vampires got real stil again .
tr	NN	The man 's kisses could cause a nuclear meltdown .
tr	NNS	My brain is playing tricks on me .
tr	NNS	Hank used drugs and alcohol to quell the pain , to suppress emotion in a paradoxical attempt to heighten sensation whenever he snorts a line of moonbeams .
tr	NNS	To offer apologies . "
tr	NNS	The rosewood handle had scales carved into it and was long , so he could wield it with both hands .
tr	NN	" Last night , when I was looking for Mike 's dress , I found a pillowcase hidden in the closet .
tr	NN	I felt just a little awkward .
tr	NNS	Assault squads will hold positions in the adjacent streets .
tr	NNS	A job well done , happy workers and all that -- even though he was serving the enemy 's interests .
tr	NNS	She studied the smears of blood as if hoping to find an answer there .
tr	NNS	A pale , luminescent band shimmered only inches from her eyes , and she had the irresistible urge to reach out and pull it from him .
tr	NNS	How many powers did I have before all of this ?
tr	NNS	" I left the damn condoms in the truck .
tr	NNS	I can wear layers .
tr	NN	They pulled the net around her , tangling her , pushing her into shallows .
tr	NNS	Both Yuri and Gregor were wearing superbly tailored suits .
tr	NNS	Make all arrangements . "
tr	NN	She took her responsibility to Nina seriously .
tr	NN	Still , although he might have intended his remark as a compliment , she didn 't read any admiration in his eyes .
tr	NN	" Sorry , it 's never this bad in L.A. I mean , people usually give us our privacy .
tr	NN	I let out a groan , making a big show of surprise .
tr	NN	Romo selected a harsh wooden bench and said , " Please have a seat . "
tr	NNS	Many countries are either setting up quarantine areas or considering them .
tr	NNS	Zero studied the figures as he processed every scrap of information that was passing through him to be sorted and stored .
tr	NNS	Satellites show storm clouds building to the west of us .
tr	NN	Only the royal family and the army had the privilege of traveling freely between the seven regions of the kingdom .
tr	NNS	And you don 't do drugs .
tr	NN	The collars had a secret clasp she didn 't have time to figure out .
tr	NN	She aimed a pillow at her friend 's head .
tr	NN	At last , I felt a bit dizzy being left alone in a suffocating room .
tr	NNS	Then he felt the hairs on the back of his neck prickle .
tr	NNS	We have some talents with strong lucrative potential .
tr	NNS	And she had a special abilities just like me .
tr	NNS	Check connections very closely .
tr	NN	Ellen brushed back a strand of Julia 's blonde hair from her face .
tr	NN	" And they saw your talent . "
tr	NN	He could view every minute detail of the world around through his powerful mystical eye within .
tr	NNS	Cynthia saw the monkeys coming , but it was too late to do anything about it .
tr	NNS	Noticing your trips into the meadow .
tr	NNS	Humans , tall and strong , wearing thick leather coats .
tr	NN	" How do you carry all that armour ! "
tr	NNS	Over time you learn tricks of conversation with people , like the one I had just implemented .
tr	NNS	" This is no way to treat your sister , " he said , his eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	NN	When they were both panting with desire , he pushed the piano bench back and stood her up in front of him .
tr	NN	If he took a mate , he wouldn 't have the option to go back .
tr	NNS	In a fluid movement , he reversed their positions so he was back on top .
tr	NNS	On the middle screen , Kowalski spotted two tiny figures on the floor .
tr	NNS	" I told you , I can feel your powers . "
tr	NN	He gave me a little squeeze and said , " How do you like Indonesia ? "
tr	NN	The first wrench of pain dragged a groan from deep within him .
tr	NNS	Tell us your fears ! "
tr	NN	I still need protection from that lunatic . "
tr	NNS	" Rip off my balls and stuff them up my nose ? "
tr	NN	" I got the boot . "
tr	NNS	She brushed a few hairs off my forehead .
tr	NNS	" What specifically did they want the members to do about her ? "
tr	NNS	I want the plates of that car .
tr	NNS	It took five hugs . "
tr	NNS	" Okay , now remember fluid , slow human speed movements .
tr	NN	" Did you catch the fish with your hands ? "
tr	NNS	" My terms ? "
tr	NNS	Lowering her to his bed , he pulled the covers up over her .
tr	NN	Graham barely suppressed the urge to peer into the corners of the room once again as he settled in for the wait .
tr	NN	If I were , I 'd have packed up my circus and moved on the first minute the sheriff showed his true colors .
tr	NN	' Don 't tell anybody .
tr	NNS	He counted his breaths to keep from panicking , but his gut was trembling so hard it ached .
tr	NNS	" Will you hit a few balls ?
tr	NN	Now Jack 's all American good looks couldn 't hold a candle to Devon 's dark splendor .
tr	NN	" I 'd say average height . "
tr	NN	Kendra marked the goal by sliding a bead along a bar at her end of the table .
tr	NN	She studied the misery in his eyes .
tr	NNS	I could see the pen marks through the back of the lined paper .
tr	NNS	Deckard could see the changes , and sensed that the days of frenzied assaults on steel fortresses in urban wildernesses were ending .
tr	NN	When the goddess turned her gaze back to Julian , Grace saw the grief on her face .
tr	NNS	Thanks to Chef Montford , I can 't go anywhere near apples .
tr	NNS	He has three temples in the city .
tr	NN	As the busy harbour came into view , he felt his shoulders tense and his rigid posture as stiff as a plank .
tr	NNS	Drag the mattresses down on the floor . "
tr	NN	You have no business digging into his affairs .
tr	NN	She was playing piano for her sisters one afternoon a few days after the garden party when a parcel was delivered for her .
tr	NNS	" You better not paint those last few shots you 'll be arrested for peddling smut . "
tr	NNS	" The darts are poisoned , " said Leonardo , " so don 't ever touch the points with your bare hands .
tr	NNS	" You 're contesting my parenting methods ?
tr	NNS	He had sandals , sneakers , loafers , and a pair of fluffy bear claws .
tr	NNS	She had powers similar to mine , and while not as strong , they could still cause a lot of damage .
tr	NN	He poured cream into his brew and motioned with the pitcher to see if she wanted some .
tr	NNS	They passed many wonders .
tr	NNS	' None , but she doesn 't really trust cards .
tr	NNS	" Would a really tall groupie know all my favorite foods ?
tr	NN	The warm rushes joined the electricity making me almost hit the ground hard .
tr	NNS	" You can force ghosts to move on ? "
tr	NNS	We 'll be pulling the same pranks on neighborhood streets in the area . "
tr	NNS	At any rate , " he added , sobering , " he never did distribute the funds .
tr	NN	She drops her backpack onto the counter and begins to unzip it .
tr	NNS	" Get coroner reports , photos if possible . "
tr	NN	Amara felt her belly twist .
tr	NNS	It broke our hearts to see you so , so , sad . "
tr	NN	" You really have a collection in that van ? "
tr	NN	He lifted the cloth and peered underneath , then felt several depressions in the leather couch .
tr	NN	Shane held a dish towel and a plate .
tr	NN	Every part of her fought the urge to just lie down and surrender .
tr	NNS	He turned his windshield wipers on as rain began to fall .
tr	NNS	She just started her contractions ! "
tr	NNS	Her gaze followed those drops of water .
tr	NNS	We 'd been sitting ducks .
tr	NN	The expression on his face suddenly struck a chord .
tr	NNS	" Doctor Hartman and I would have marathon discussions about biosynthetic integration and the emergence of consciousness .
tr	NNS	I was pounding Will 's ribs as hard as I could .
tr	NN	" Don 't extinguish your pewter .
tr	NNS	He inhaled slow , controlled breaths as he entered the car and started the engine .
tr	NN	I maneuver the cart around a corner .
tr	NN	" He has the most incredible constitution I 've ever seen .
tr	NNS	" You can do the dishes after . "
tr	NNS	He ran various scenarios in his head .
tr	NNS	" Any other requests ? "
tr	NN	In the short go , he drew a decent bull , and he 'd hopped off with a score good enough to move him into fourth place .
tr	NN	I can 't lose basketball .
tr	NN	Ten minutes later , I 'd signed a lease , handed George the money I had , and flew out of the building .
tr	NNS	The horse trailer sat parked twenty-five yards from an old wood and steel bridge that crossed the now frozen Lakota River .
tr	NNS	I heard several popping noises , but I was focused on grabbing the wheel and getting my foot on the break .
tr	NNS	I halted a few yards from the foot of the throne , glaring up at her .
tr	NN	" They all have a global password built into one of the BIOS routines .
tr	NN	He wore a baseball cap on his head , his white t-shirt tucked in the back pocket of his cargo pants .
tr	NNS	" You wouldn 't want any stray soap bubbles . "
tr	NNS	Soon their terror will overshadow the last armies of our friends , cutting off the sun .
tr	NN	It 's got no origin code and no address .
tr	NNS	His sister was having her twins .
tr	NN	I want your obedience .
tr	NN	They really did need some mystical intervention and because she had no better ideas , Sarah sat down cross legged .
tr	NN	" I grabbed an extinguisher and rushed toward the worst of the flames , creating a sort of path to his body .
tr	NNS	I made encouraging noises , and asked questions at the right points in the conversation .
tr	NN	" I can 't take credit for it . "
tr	NN	I just needed a little more protection .
tr	NN	Did he resent Ezio 's leadership ?
tr	NN	Thor noticed his father beaming , too .
tr	NNS	I broke expensive antiques , skipped classes , spent ridiculous amounts of money , and basically did anything I could to make them notice me .
tr	NNS	Rex had the balls to ask of Simon .
tr	NNS	We rode our bikes all over while calling him .
tr	NNS	The bride wore a gauzy yellow sundress and no shoes , a beam of casual sunshine in the midst of all the crazy colors .
tr	NNS	Did you enjoy the wonderful accommodations of our living room ? "
tr	NN	Luna lifted the carrier by its strap .
tr	NN	You 'd better start a defense fund . "
tr	NN	Isidore smelled the rank , cringing body ; he inhaled fear from it , fear pouring out , forming a mist .
tr	NNS	I have two cats in the house . "
tr	NNS	We do have a few other priorities in our lives besides crazy Caitlin . "
tr	NN	We could debate my mom 's status as a witch another day .
tr	NN	In the spring , Prescott & Talbott 's equity partners would hold a vote and almost certainly would offer her income partnership .
tr	NNS	I exaggerated the motions as I counted out ten more hundred dollar bills .
tr	NNS	Years of life in the forest had tuned their instincts to the spirit of all things in the wild , living or not .
tr	NN	If you happen to hear this , bring this recording along with you .
tr	NNS	But the pirate craft still had its shields up whereas we were as helpless as a turtle out of its shell .
tr	NN	Lindsey stirred her spoon noisily around the walls of the yogurt cup to get the remaining drops .
tr	NNS	" I 've got forty dollars burning a hole in my purse . "
tr	NNS	She has four cubs of her own . "
tr	NNS	We gathered some vegetables from the garden , but only a few things .
tr	NNS	Maybe we 'll find tracks .
tr	NN	The weapon didn 't stop its descent until it came sliding through the Elder 's groin .
tr	NNS	This celibacy routine must be affecting his senses or something .
tr	NN	" I can wear a condom , if you want ? "
tr	NNS	They would surely give her nightmares .
tr	NN	" I don 't have an appointment and I know he 's extremely busy .
tr	NNS	" There 's walking suits of armour . "
tr	NNS	She rubbed her palms together .
tr	NNS	I love dogs , too . "
tr	NN	" I am , after all , a god .
tr	NNS	" You should always trust your instincts .
tr	NNS	" Therefore , I only excavate three planets per quarter . "
tr	NNS	They browsed gift shops along Decatur Street and Jackson Square .
tr	NN	" I don 't understand your logic here , baby . "
tr	NNS	Amun , on the other hand viewed servants as slaves who should subordinate to their masters like a dog obeying his owner .
tr	NN	A year after the divorce , her father had had a stroke , then three more in rapid succession .
tr	NN	Too bad he ignored the advice of those doctors in the hospital about following a bland diet .
tr	NNS	This time next year , we 'll have two cubs in the house . "
tr	NNS	The wolf could read auras and had probably sensed the direction of her thoughts .
tr	NN	" Butter pecan ice cream .
tr	NN	With some communal places to relax we can get a dialogue established . "
tr	NN	Max increased their altitude and turned to a magnetic heading of 35 degrees .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't really have the brains for it .
tr	NN	As he held her , he felt a viscous slime dripping over both of them , into his eyes , his nostrils , mouth .
tr	NNS	They 've each invested their priests with certain limited powers .
tr	NN	She was dressed young in a black miniskirt and immaculately ironed white t-shirt .
tr	NN	Joseph shifted his weight self-consciously and waited for me to catch up .
tr	NNS	North Korea 's got bombs , Iran 's making nuclear weapons , Israel 's already got them , and there 's Russia .
tr	NNS	Uncanny , inexplicable things like déjà vu , telekinesis , garden gnomes or spirits from the past .
tr	NNS	At the moment , she hated all dragons .
tr	NN	They had the highway shut down in both directions . "
tr	NNS	" Bed bugs ? "
tr	NNS	Once you 've seen the gym , we then can talk prices . "
tr	NNS	You have many knots to untie , but you won 't unravel them all today .
tr	NN	And Kate plunged the talisman into his chest .
tr	NN	" I will open Altair 's archive , I will penetrate his library , and I will find the Grand Temple .
tr	NNS	" Everyone makes errors . "
tr	NNS	" You have the hots for her too ?
tr	NN	Aaron cranked the air conditioner up as high as it could go and put the car in reverse .
tr	NNS	And I can 't take chances with this night . "
tr	NNS	We don 't want uniforms covered in blood . "
tr	NNS	They could very well be traveling backwards . "
tr	NN	I dropped the napkin that was halfway to my lap when I watched Tanner stroll over to our table .
tr	NN	I don 't need a white knight . "
tr	NN	She emulated her Jamaican grandmother 's ways and lived by the saying , first do no harm .
tr	NN	" I do not require the use of restrooms , " Wraith explained in all seriousness , not getting the sarcasm .
tr	NN	Take out the battery and replace it with a power line from the Hab .
tr	NN	He would not quit the chase until he faced his enemy in battle .
tr	NN	With shaking hands , she drew a compact from her purse .
tr	NNS	He probably has nightmares about your flaming sword sliding between his ribs . "
tr	NN	That would only have invited argument .
tr	NNS	I felt dizzy , so I held on to Aiden 's arm as I looked at my table .
tr	NNS	He had had numerous pet bugs over the years .
tr	NNS	So the Angel immediately whispered to the brothers : " Quickly , turn yourselves into animals that live in the water . "
tr	NNS	I picked up a few paper plates and handed them to my friends .
tr	NNS	Checking my phone , I reread the texts I 'd sent Lucas earlier , and his replies .
tr	NN	Henry put his steak into his mouth .
tr	NN	Shane jumped off the dresser and began to pace back and forth in front of me .
tr	NNS	She followed her instincts , and headed down another corridor .
tr	NNS	When I look up , my gaze lands on the wall with the bulletin board .
tr	NNS	You won 't have any visions while we are out .
tr	NN	Carmine opened the trunk and pulled out an ax , slinging it over his shoulder .
tr	NN	However , I restrain that urge .
tr	NN	My face is getting hotter by the second .
tr	NNS	I could finally control my powers .
tr	NN	When he turned back to her , he saw her panicking .
tr	NNS	" Neg sir , they 're blocking our sensors with image generators " .
tr	NN	" You have that effect on people . "
tr	NN	" Can you give us an example ? "
tr	NNS	Get the poisons out of the building , so to speak . "
tr	NNS	Her daughter immediately smacked her palms against Jolene 's .
tr	NNS	He was wearing brown slacks and a tan button-down shirt , with wool slippers .
tr	NN	" Yes , and I had pizza and ice cream , and I got all this new stuff for my doll .
tr	NN	I had an obligation . "
tr	NNS	" I 've got two layers of hair in front of me .
tr	NN	She could hear traffic , even with the windows closed , the constant drone of a thousand engines .
tr	NNS	All the men wore suits .
tr	NNS	" Marianna and Sebastian have never voiced any complaints about me with kids . "
tr	NNS	They wore loose colourful uniforms that showed a little cleavage and had their hair tied back .
tr	NN	" Have you got any aspirin ? "
tr	NN	He understood the second option far too well to be comfortable with it .
tr	NNS	She had done drama classes in high school but hadn 't been the best actor .
tr	NNS	" We haven 't had many bombing campaigns recently , but we had to test our weaponry .
tr	NNS	Gaps in learning caused by absences , misconceptions , or other reasons caused students to miss future lessons , letting them fall further and further behind .
tr	NN	Gamble that maybe time would soothe Andrea 's fury .
tr	NNS	They are getting ' closer Van . "
tr	NNS	The wiry hairs tickled her palms and his muscles turned rock-hard beneath her hands .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	But she held the reins and looked up at him .
tr	NNS	" You have visions ? "
tr	NNS	She stopped , inches from the portal .
tr	NN	He pulled out an old cream folded map and a scale rule .
tr	NNS	" It has three Olympic sized pools , a full use spa , a couple top of the line workout rooms and so much more .
tr	NNS	I can cast spells .
tr	NN	" Why does anyone seek treasure ? "
tr	NNS	But I usually keep those numbers on my contacts list . "
tr	NN	He knew the stay command .
tr	NNS	He added a few drops of the liquid to the saline solution and stirred it in .
tr	NNS	That summer we 'd made fires out in the fire pit and roasted marshmallows .
tr	NNS	His chest flattened my nipples .
tr	NN	They 'd missed that detail in the new version .
tr	NN	Although , I still don 't see the lure of a threesome . "
tr	NN	Luke takes another mouthful of tequila and wipes his lips with his arm as he passes the bottle to Kayden .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	" Neither do I. " She caught his underlying meaning and blushed .
tr	NN	I cannot break the code of silence that I have sworn . "
tr	NNS	But he repeated the intern 's actions , waiting patiently until Snowball decided he wasn 't a threat .
tr	NNS	He was right about the people needing roads and infrastructure first .
tr	NNS	Most of them have families , which doesn 't fit the profile .
tr	NNS	Too bad the collar also negates my powers except for a tiny bit of mind control .
tr	NN	Olivia gathered up a smooth auburn handful with her right hand and pulled out an elastic band to secure it with her left .
tr	NN	The stenographer stops filing and looks at me with her wide cow eyes , slowly smacking her gum .
tr	NNS	Now I 'm not just hearing the airplanes and seeing a flash of them above me through the trees .
tr	NNS	I had received a hundred dollars the day before for a will I had done for one of Rebekah 's friends at the hospital .
tr	NN	" He wouldn 't corrupt just anybody . "
tr	NN	Had an intervention and moved out . "
tr	NNS	Sink my fangs into it ? "
tr	NN	You should take a lesson from Cline , here .
tr	NNS	There were scorched remains of what seemed to have been wagons .
tr	NNS	Each club will have four members . "
tr	NNS	Pilcher 's face presses against the cold concrete .
tr	NNS	But I need wheels . "
tr	NNS	" You 've got your insurance cards ?
tr	NNS	Now they could not take any chances at all .
tr	NNS	Her stomach made noises and she cringed from time to time .
tr	NNS	Giving away his parental rights .
tr	NNS	But Savannah had similar marks on her own neck .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs , and Andrew screamed in horror .
tr	NN	He caught the nipple with the edge of his teeth , biting just hard enough to make her arch in encouragement .
tr	NNS	But why is he spending his Saturday making pies when he doesn 't have to ?
tr	NN	I traced his spine with my finger , and he arched his back .
tr	NNS	He adjusted the covers before a horror washed over him .
tr	NN	When I touched the stones I got an impression of great age .
tr	NNS	By the time the three hour drive back to Las Vegas was complete , I had the general broad strokes of the plot in my mind .
tr	NN	Waters aimed her rifle but hesitated .
tr	NNS	I appreciated the surroundings this early morning and thought how lovely it would have been if I were here on vacation .
tr	NNS	They would probably exploit my abilities for any use they could find .
tr	NN	Again I doubted my sanity for having purposely sought this out .
tr	NNS	" I brought sandwiches for later . "
tr	NN	She went quickly up the wide , curving staircase at the far end of the Grand Hall to the second floor .
tr	NNS	I don 't particularly like dogs .
tr	NNS	He and Rachel were consenting adults , and whatever they chose to do together ... her throat closed up and she took a long drink of mead .
tr	NNS	A scent entered my senses that was as inescapable as it was familiar .
tr	NN	I found a bench and lied back on it and watched the clouds felt I could almost become one of them .
tr	NN	" The priest cannot influence his god for fear of disrupting the future . "
tr	NN	If she showed up in that getup one more time , Ernie would be taking up a collection to get her a new wardrobe .
tr	NNS	You don 't want doctors accidentally -- or maliciously -- killing patients .
tr	NN	Libby get your cute butt up here ! "
tr	NN	Glancing at some of the girls around me and taking in their expressions , I got the impression they were okay with that .
tr	NN	" Hey , Jess , hold up just a quick sec . "
tr	NN	Alicia asked , a sarcastic smirk on her face .
tr	NNS	The excitement of finally seeing other people inspired the twenty-four travelers to pick up the pace .
tr	NN	A million eyes form a laser that 's burning a hole through my forehead .
tr	NNS	You know my driving skills ; right ! "
tr	NN	Now I greet the nurse at the waiting room 's window , then settle down into my usual chair and look around .
tr	NNS	Shock would slow their reaction speeds , making them slower to draw their weapons .
tr	NNS	I flipped the last few pages of the book as Monica sat in thought .
tr	NN	" Did you get the coded package about the Director I sent ? "
tr	NNS	Even with the tourists off the island the workmen hauled their tools and building supplies around on horse-drawn carts .
tr	NN	Besides , I always got the impression that I bothered you , Pauline .
tr	NNS	I have a sundress I was thinking about wearing that night , but it 's not very formal . "
tr	NN	" Like a bad omen ? "
tr	NN	The warmth that I felt when I was with Jason had completely masked my thirst , but we were still a room apart .
tr	NN	" A swear jar ? "
tr	NN	All four women have been granted immunity .
tr	NNS	Some of the men have families and they are hurting . "
tr	NN	She checked the clock again .
tr	NN	Clay gripped the doorknob and turned back to Dean , pinching his cold eyes together .
tr	NN	The man froze , bat over his head , poised and ready to strike .
tr	NNS	But he had the balls to imply that I 'd started the whole thing .
tr	NN	At Breeze 's and Kermit 's home they gave some tiny fish and scraps of leftover food that had been left over from a previous meal .
tr	NN	The moon lit the landscape below .
tr	NNS	I 've said many prayers that were answered exactly as I believed they would be .
tr	NN	He could get better treatment . "
tr	NNS	When I left they were smashing the plates . '
tr	NN	Mary picked up a dark green edition with the number 1 etched into it and , opening it to the first page , began to read .
tr	NN	Jake handed his ID over .
tr	NNS	He mimics her motions , and I can imagine exactly what she did to him .
tr	NN	When suggestions started Danny the art graduate took pen to paper .
tr	NN	He made a revealing gesture with his hands , and sat once more .
tr	NNS	I lifted my wineglass and drained it .
tr	NN	I played the video .
tr	NNS	He had two experts ready for rebuttal in the event Fricke stepped out of bounds and speculated too much .
tr	NNS	She ran her palms over him slowly , unable to suppress the desire to touch him .
tr	NN	I felt the blood drain from my hand and saw it wither and go limp . '
tr	NN	" You stubbed your toe , right ? "
tr	NN	" We haven 't had an argument , mother .
tr	NN	He rubs the scruff on his chin thoughtfully .
tr	NN	Apparently , yesterday 's food shipments and Leith 's presence today had reestablished my awesome reputation .
tr	NN	Ride my cock . "
tr	NN	She would probably have an internship in a construction company in Dubai by now .
tr	NN	But none of that could disguise the coppery tang that emanated from the other side of a dilapidated Dumpster .
tr	NN	He felt her quiver .
tr	NN	Keep antagonizing Mr. Big Shot lawyer ; that 's a great way to stay out of jail .
tr	NN	We can save the hugging for later . "
tr	NN	I couldn 't call the police department ; possibly incoming calls were taped or traced in some way , even in little Shakespeare .
tr	NNS	He told his bodyguards not to let anyone follow him as the lord huffed and puffed climbing the tall stairs .
tr	NN	Melissa had a big slice of vegetable lasagna on her plate .
tr	NNS	' You see , he 's been keeping tabs on all three of us for years . '
tr	NN	Hiking boots with red laces , pressed and cuffed jeans , long-sleeved t-shirt and green ski vest .
tr	NNS	To break that silence would require additional funds .
tr	NN	She got a reprieve when Rome stepped forward to gather his mother and then his sisters in big bear hugs .
tr	NNS	He took shallow breaths , gripping the arms of the chair tightly .
tr	NNS	She and Kaye straddled their bikes , watching me with worried eyes .
tr	NN	Chase had a handful of wildflowers in his hand .
tr	NNS	They never heard our shots .
tr	NN	Yes , but families always have a cost .
tr	NNS	I remember the markings . "
tr	NN	I 'll add to the blueprint the command that these wings will defy gravity !
tr	NNS	" I 'll grind your balls into guacamole ! "
tr	NNS	Only the gold , the jewels , the widows and the ashes reminded the Rus and Slav allies that Kiev had faced a mighty nomad horde .
tr	NNS	Tracing his extremities and crawling up his chest and neck before falling upward and landing out of sight far above on the dark ceiling .
tr	NN	This way , maybe she could choose a better location , a moment when Nick could be beyond suspicion .
tr	NNS	I 've searched the halls of psyche and returned dry , no answer apparent .
tr	NNS	Again , please accept our apologies .
tr	NNS	The darkness held too many dangers in the jungle to be anything but alert to the threat of spiders , snakes , dart frogs .
tr	NN	Helen slammed the flute down .
tr	NNS	I felt my insides caving .
tr	NN	Didn 't see anybody .
tr	NNS	My ' breeding rights ' ? "
tr	NNS	In a moment of desperate decision , Rachel had faxed the data to the only other fax number she knew by heart .
tr	NN	" And yet , you brought the crown . "
tr	NN	Chase popped his knuckles .
tr	NNS	She frowned and threw back the covers .
tr	NNS	From then on , we heard the noises . '
tr	NNS	I smelled roses , thick and warm as summer 's kiss .
tr	NN	Then she heard her ragged taunt .
tr	NN	We found a janitor 's closet , a bathroom , which Guido and I used , and a door which led to another tunnel .
tr	NN	He took her fin , carefully folded it over , and wrapped it .
tr	NNS	I never even visited the clubs my company owned , but Nina wanted to go out to a club , so I had little choice .
tr	NN	Mr. White kept pacing in his goofy flip-flop shoes and powder blue button-up shirt and white shorts , waiting for news .
tr	NN	She nodded a slow acknowledgment .
tr	NNS	As the clerk laid his change on the counter , he scanned the yellow pages for the number of a cab .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't even feel the marks that were apparently bothering him , so I just closed my eyes , and drifted off .
tr	NN	But it had a significantly higher unemployment rate than the state average , so she 'd be surprised if it had been appealing to displaced families .
tr	NNS	I threw the covers back and went to the bag , bending to pick it up and bring it to the bed .
tr	NNS	Vin eyed the bustling crowds .
tr	NN	Nadine broke her trance and gave herself a shake .
tr	NNS	She swept her oiled palms down his back , paused on his ass cheeks , and squeezed .
tr	NNS	You printed out the reports I asked for , you compiled them . "
tr	NNS	His masculine scent overpowered her senses , but not her reason .
tr	NNS	I ate a few bites of sandwich , the bread sticking in my throat .
tr	NNS	I grin and bat my eyelashes .
tr	NN	Since they 're born that way , they had no true humanity to revert to .
tr	NN	The colossal man straightened his powerful frame and towered over her like a giant oak , but he didn 't release her from his fierce gaze .
tr	NN	He showed no moral outrage but then he didn 't know how easily she 'd come to me only to be betrayed .
tr	NN	You define perfection from benchmarks which you see not as man or woman but human ; a goodness common for all .
tr	NN	' Don 't you understand plain language ? '
tr	NNS	But Weapons still had doubts about the presence of the Scavenger , " advise total elimination of sub-human , it is dangerous " .
tr	NN	Thank goodness he was as inept as his partner . "
tr	NNS	I sketched my own designs at night . "
tr	NNS	The most difficult part is using my telekinesis to get the olives on the little plastic sword .
tr	NNS	Time to close the ranks .
tr	NNS	Without turning away , she stepped backwards .
tr	NNS	So I 'd brought no provisions for anything other than killing .
tr	NN	But you won 't see twenty-seven you keep like this . "
tr	NNS	She no longer had issues with her -- and my -- half-brother after he 'd saved her back in the loft in Vancouver .
tr	NNS	Once in his tiny , dingy room , he counted his coins again , and was dismayed to find how much he 'd spent already .
tr	NNS	Exposed to open air , the stench of decay and filth once again flooded his olfactory senses .
tr	NNS	We have some business troubles in the new company .
tr	NN	" Did you find the football ? "
tr	NNS	In other words , she needed servants to do the grunt work while she sat back and admired her creative ingenuity .
tr	NN	Since she has perfect recall , she 'll make an ideal assistant for an ambassador who needs to get everything just right from customs to mealtime etiquette .
tr	NNS	" Don 't need lottery numbers .
tr	NN	We can 't let our sister rot in a dirty , cold , damp English cell . "
tr	NNS	Some like the Keepers of Silence .
tr	NNS	The group worked wonders over there .
tr	NN	I had your smaller physique , your defenceless frame and your clean-shaven cheeky face .
tr	NN	Shane hitched his backpack to a more comfortable spot .
tr	NN	He grabbed a mop and bucket .
tr	NNS	I 'll take my chances with the most direct route .
tr	NN	He could hear the propeller blades rotating from the distance .
tr	NNS	A blond waitress in a typical short outfit that made rustling noises placed two napkins in front of us without saying a word .
tr	NNS	I had no illusions what would happen if Cel 's people found me .
tr	NN	He struck his backside hard and began a treacherous slide down the remainder of the mountain 's steep slope .
tr	NN	" Yes , you would think the universe was trying to pull the two of us together or something , huh ? "
tr	NNS	Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle loosed all the canoes and gave them a push out into the river .
tr	NNS	" I have some meetings , but tonight , I 've arranged for dinner .
tr	NNS	He further justified his actions by reminding himself that Argos was only a machine ; a collection of parts and pieces that merely imitated a living being .
tr	NNS	When the Silver Bullet cut the ground along the path made by the larger vehicles , it kicked up small clouds of dust .
tr	NNS	We 've made several modifications to suit our needs .
tr	NN	She slapped my butt and we grabbed our coats .
tr	NN	He put the wad of bills in his pocket .
tr	NN	" You allow style to cloud the truth !
tr	NNS	The Patriot battalion had 10 mobile trailers with a launcher attached to them ; each launcher held 20 computer guided missiles .
tr	NN	Perhaps he 'd had promotion .
tr	NN	Boyle mimicked Fin 's gesture .
tr	NNS	Alexia had read her father 's journals .
tr	NNS	We heard tales of raids and massacres but we could not believe these .
tr	NN	" To what do you attribute your success ? "
tr	NNS	The Elder , in his human form , stood several yards back among the fallen .
tr	NNS	I brush some crumbs off the cushion and take a seat .
tr	NNS	" I have several meetings .
tr	NN	I heard the familiar crunching of gravels that signaled a car coming up the driveway .
tr	NN	Gently he brushed a blond curl off her cheek and twisted his head so that he could kiss her temple .
tr	NN	Biofeedback techniques can lower heart rate , blood pressure , and body temperature .
tr	NNS	Soon others were doing similar stunts , as their laughter rang through the darkness .
tr	NNS	Toby though still had his brains , while his opponent had only instinct .
tr	NNS	" She was wearing the same Marc Jacobs sandals you had on last week .
tr	NN	Gorman 's eyes raked her frame when she walked away .
tr	NNS	Her body would have made any model envious , not to mention the graceful way that she moved .
tr	NNS	I throw the covers off and head to the bathroom .
tr	NN	While handing the toad back to Heather , Eric snatched the mistletoe from Reese 's grasp with his free hand .
tr	NNS	Don 't take any chances . "
tr	NN	I can 't explain the tape and stapler , since all of our files are electronic , but there they are if you need them . "
tr	NN	He finally spat out a mouthful of blood and glared at Jimmy .
tr	NN	See , you charge a monthly fee .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	I heard multiple engines as the vehicles started , then drove away .
tr	NN	She pulled her black silk blouse over her head with a harsh tug , not caring if it ripped to pieces .
tr	NNS	" I always loved fashion magazines . "
tr	NNS	I ripped back the covers and saw that Luke was still standing there , staring at me .
tr	NN	I 'm violating my oath to her by telling you .
tr	NN	Heavy old portraits were everywhere as well - in her bedroom , in the corridors , lining the staircase .
tr	NNS	As the buzzer sounded , the three of us climbed the bleachers and watched our beaux take on the Highland Valley Bears .
tr	NNS	Get the suits . "
tr	NNS	It spirals beautifully through the air and lands inches from the desired target .
tr	NN	Scrooge dipped his pen into the ink again , and began writing .
tr	NN	Cade saw her flinch and flashed a rueful grin .
tr	NNS	I did my chores and yours , too .
tr	NNS	The guards wore odd new purple and green colored uniforms unknown since their las departure .
tr	NNS	We wiped down the shelves , moving things around in silence .
tr	NN	Frank would make a perfect CM ( Cell Master ) for The Chosen Way cells which they planned to establish in Bogotá .
tr	NNS	The police had carefully resealed the envelopes for the purposes of this morning 's visit .
tr	NNS	NET has many sensors and databases , all on their network .
tr	NN	This once gangly and awkward girl had clearly made an impression on his subconscious mind .
tr	NN	Why don 't you lay out your proposal and I 'll have someone from the ministry of education have a look at it ?
tr	NNS	Eric turned a few pages .
tr	NN	It firmly establishes my reputation in the real estate world .
tr	NNS	Once the bomb was secure , he ran the wires through his jacket sleeve until the detonation trigger rested outside .
tr	NN	He touched the brim of his hat .
tr	NN	You 've got your first appointment with a seller , today . "
tr	NN	Almost could taste the sweetness of her lips .
tr	NN	I remember a lake breeze blowing back the red and white muslin curtain and I smiled so wide it hurt my cheeks .
tr	NN	" Flawless design and craftsmanship .
tr	NNS	I willed my desires on him as I drank in his blood .
tr	NN	It could create a disaster . "
tr	NNS	" They 're discussing disco balls right now . "
tr	NNS	They were beginning operations to bring stability to the Northeast .
tr	NN	In science class I showed Mr. Reynolds my version of slime .
tr	NN	The professor did a flying swing with his arm and knocked Aaron with his full force across the head .
tr	NN	Monica tossed her napkin on the table in a show of indignation .
tr	NN	Each is wearing body protection and is armed with an automatic weapon .
tr	NN	" Because before I come home I have a castle to return to its rightful owner . "
tr	NN	A man wearing long , sleek red robes handed me a rifle .
tr	NNS	She gave him points for trying to be civil , but she didn 't want to discuss her mother with him .
tr	NNS	You see , I have heard numerous reports of the mists coming during the daytime . "
tr	NNS	He stood and found the remains of Scamp , apparently mauled by the villain 's monster .
tr	NNS	The silk embraced her thighs with every step , teasing his throat dry .
tr	NN	She inched a bit nearer until his lips were so close to hers she could feel their heat .
tr	NNS	Just speaking the numbers helped calm him .
tr	NN	The flames cast a golden haze of moving shadows over Clay , softening the harsher angles of his face .
tr	NN	But he sensed her fury .
tr	NNS	Daniel was having horrible visions of the bugs on the table .
tr	NN	" Where can we get this Tylenol ? "
tr	NN	" Smells like a football to me . "
tr	NN	" What the devil are you doing here ? "
tr	NNS	I saw birds I 'd never seen before , plants , trees , flowers , fish .
tr	NN	You 'll tell me every detail , and you will tell me now . "
tr	NN	Uriel begins his descent and I follow .
tr	NN	" Does he wear a kilt like you do ? "
tr	NN	" The chimps make minimum wage ? "
tr	NNS	" Yes , I gave her the required drops .
tr	NNS	" Gang members ? "
tr	NN	He could barely see around the complex , discerning that the complex encircled the open space .
tr	NN	When I got close enough , I dropped the crowbar and buried a knife in her heart .
tr	NN	" I 've always liked the circus . "
tr	NN	It satisfied a primitive urge that she 'd been struggling for years to keep buried .
tr	NN	Aunt hasn 't touched the piano since all three boys had been dispatched .
tr	NNS	" Made any trips lately , Tristan ? "
tr	NN	I tightened my towel around me and gazed all over the room .
tr	NNS	Maybe he would only wear boxers .
tr	NN	A walk one could take the visitor an hour or a week .
tr	NN	Fortunately I had a mouthful of ice cream , so I just nodded .
tr	NN	You must 've made a good impression on Tic because he was just asking if I thought you 'd show up . "
tr	NNS	Australia 's military has secured all the islands .
tr	NN	She climbed the elegant staircase , stopping at Deck 2 .
tr	NN	Laci let out a whoop as the bull started up , a little more intensely this time and threw her around .
tr	NN	The words formed a silken chord wrapping around her waist .
tr	NN	Lucky for me I know this neighborhood and my house far better than they do .
tr	NNS	You can imagine the immediate changes that happened afterwards .
tr	NNS	I encouraged their attentions by charming them , and publicly , becoming an open book .
tr	NN	Still , he was not taking any chances so , despite her objections , he had the security detail covering her day after day .
tr	NN	You created the devil .
tr	NNS	" I 'm deducting points for unsportsmanlike conduct . "
tr	NNS	Get some plates and something to drink . "
tr	NNS	They might think all sorts of things , but I didn 't mind .
tr	NN	Eve reached the concourse and followed the signs to the nearest restroom .
tr	NNS	" Can I borrow ten cents ? "
tr	NNS	He roughly adjusted the couch cushions into something marginally more comfortable and sat down angrily .
tr	NNS	His chiseled face bore crimson dents .
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths and started to pace around in a circle as best he could .
tr	NN	They knew their responsibility , they knew what their responsibility did , however they did not know how their responsibility tied in with others ' responsibilities .
tr	NN	But that clearly hadn 't cramped his style .
tr	NN	Distance that might temper the urge to go back inside and apologize .
tr	NNS	Where the hell do people keep condoms when they shower together ?
tr	NNS	How will I get the deliveries ?
tr	NN	Turning back to Gan , she held a shaft at both ends with her fingertips , rotating it rapidly .
tr	NNS	The bald hero had made several sandwiches in order to keep the snacks flowing .
tr	NN	With each second those things didn 't happen , Jason silently thanked a god he hadn 't spoken to in years .
tr	NN	He spurred the dragon towards the Fist .
tr	NN	While they did their thing , I grabbed a skillet and placed it over high heat .
tr	NNS	Smith saw no numbers .
tr	NN	When did you get the controlling vote ? "
tr	NN	Dumping the meat into the sink , she then threw the towel onto the windowsill to her left and the pan onto the floor .
tr	NN	To whom had she given the false impression that they were near to finding the killer ?
tr	NN	A delicious shiver tickled up her spine .
tr	NNS	At the signal of their crew chief , they opened the crates in unison .
tr	NN	" Enjoying that task ? "
tr	NN	I couldn 't eat the pizza after that ; it was just too gross . "
tr	NNS	He counted backwards and realized that she was about five weeks late on her monthly cycles .
tr	NN	In another flash of lightning he saw her face cringe as she felt the knife 's point and instinctively flinched in reaction to her imminent death .
tr	NNS	None of them really understood the gods , even after all these centuries .
tr	NNS	" I haven 't met many wolves , " he replied , " but I was fairly certain who you were . "
tr	NNS	He strokes my breasts , seemingly absent-minded .
tr	NN	It had only just started heating ; otherwise my scream might have been heard all the way to the magisterial seats .
tr	NNS	I threw the covers back off his bed .
tr	NNS	Winkler had offices located in many the major cities across the U.S. , plus several in foreign countries .
tr	NN	Isabella gave him her most repressive glare .
tr	NN	Turn the damned clock off and we 'll chat forever .
tr	NNS	She noticed cameras , or what she knew were cameras , hidden by small black disks on the walls and ceiling .
tr	NN	Dr. Conyers placed her pen on her pad and then put the pad on the table beside her , which she only did when she meant business .
tr	NN	They began the uncomfortable task of staring into the inquiring faces of 194 strangers .
tr	NNS	I scanned my surroundings , taking only a second to locate the fort 's main entrance .
tr	NNS	He sank twin aching fangs into a small vein .
tr	NNS	Mr. Roberts has only his own interests at heart .
tr	NNS	He made the most innocent caress sweet with sensations .
tr	NN	Rick was given a military funeral at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery in San Diego .
tr	NNS	I discovered its signals only today and I 'm afraid we 're not going to receive it again -- the battery went flat . "
tr	NNS	" No , Riley , I am not bringing condoms .
tr	NN	she questioned , a slight quiver to her voice .
tr	NNS	We shall drain the bitter dregs of mortality .
tr	NNS	On the street she took deep cooling breaths .
tr	NNS	Sam massaged his temples as he stared at the story by John Pullman .
tr	NNS	Blake and your brother Gavin have been building hotels , mostly in Las Vegas and they 've done exceptionally well out there . "
tr	NN	He aimed his pistol at the direction of the fleeing helicopter and shot every bullet he had .
tr	NNS	I imagined the cogs turning in his head .
tr	NN	" To see whether the saliva of the Man Wolf had imparted some element that could be isolated from the victims , blood . "
tr	NN	Ballenger met my every protest with , ' No Problem . '
tr	NN	They hadn 't seen anybody now for nearly three weeks .
tr	NN	Being careful her mother didn 't see her Hailey crept to the neat pile of eggs .
tr	NN	" We 're all just people , " Jon reminds his squad as he addresses them all as a group .
tr	NN	I gripped the rope attached to Toby .
tr	NNS	Quincy rambled seventy-eight yards for a touchdown .
tr	NNS	But I couldn 't shake the numbers from my head .
tr	NN	Then he pushed the troublesome patron out the front door and into the parking lot .
tr	NN	" Sounds like a bargain . "
tr	NN	At the top would be consuming an adult human blood supply totally .
tr	NNS	She actually has the lady balls to grin at me .
tr	NNS	Felice drifted in , silent , seemingly fragile and unsteady , yet efficiently cleared the plates .
tr	NN	I had never seen lust on a man .
tr	NNS	They ordered their meals and then spent some time talking about what had happened the week before .
tr	NN	" You like softball ? "
tr	NN	After the coma , approximately thirty percent of the victims will regain consciousness , giving the impression of reanimation from the dead .
tr	NNS	Away from the sweltering heat , the cold air struck clouds of steam from his sweating body .
tr	NNS	Tin Man may well have cost Jack 's electronics company millions to develop , but all I could see was a rather comical looking mechanical device .
tr	NN	It can deliver a verdict for the plaintiff .
tr	NNS	Getting branded with one mark would kill any chances of reviving Gertrude Hunt .
tr	NNS	Vinny had already uncovered data that indicated the widow was right about her husband 's death .
tr	NNS	Ned gripped her biceps to hold her upright .
tr	NNS	I can draw my own conclusions , but that doesn 't mean he 's a criminal .
tr	NN	Tomorrow they would set sail on one of her fathers ' boats , skirting the million islands before heading for their honeymoon on Kol .
tr	NNS	" Ashwin was not given any talents by the gods .
tr	NNS	Aim a few inches below the lion 's chin , between the shoulders , if possible .
tr	NN	I 've got rank on you .
tr	NN	I 'll never figure out that dynamic .
tr	NN	I asked around the lump in my throat , eyes still shifting uneasily .
tr	NN	As he strolled towards her languidly , Avery felt her breath hitch at his approach .
tr	NN	She donned a black evening gown with green undertones shimmering through .
tr	NNS	He picked up the empty cups and took them to the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Each of them had their strengths , in accordance with their inclinations .
tr	NN	He 's holding a rifle with a laser scope .
tr	NNS	" Get our Knights into position by that shelf , and get whatever water containers we have available up here for the fighting men . "
tr	NNS	She used lovers the way other women used handkerchiefs .
tr	NN	They broke fellowship and entered their assigned rooms .
tr	NN	Dean had a talent for drawing women as long as they wore glasses and nothing else .
tr	NN	After that they 'll run an hour long film about the history of The Cities and The Forgotten Lands .
tr	NNS	That may have hastened their actions . "
tr	NNS	" We 've both got enough funds to get us through the winter .
tr	NN	Groping blindly , he activated the door opener and staggered onto the bridge .
tr	NNS	The drug store serves the most scrumptious little sandwiches . "
tr	NN	My laptop has a row of LEDs at the top of the keyboard .
tr	NNS	The girlfriend misread the signals and eventually called Patti .
tr	NNS	I cut the wheels toward the street , and headed out .
tr	NN	The new , clean dress had a calming effect , helping to erase some the dirtiness I 'd felt after my encounter with the greasy man .
tr	NNS	( 3 ) Combine the ingredients from ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , adding the cream , salt and pepper , forming 12 patties .
tr	NN	Too many late nights and fitful sleep were taking their effect .
tr	NNS	A quick survey of the room showed the two classes separated by a row of empty desks .
tr	NN	Kendra could not imagine anybody doing something so hurtful , not even Jonathon White .
tr	NNS	Wedding gown had several expensive gems that sparkled as Thalia strolled to the altar .
tr	NN	Give me a probability on that . "
tr	NNS	Or that she took drugs last summer and framed someone else for possession .
tr	NN	They may have killed the hero who put an end to the power of the dark idol .
tr	NNS	At last , however , a thought returned to him , and even without a voice , Henry could sense James 's wariness .
tr	NNS	I have a few items in my collection that require feedings with some degree of regularity .
tr	NNS	Round and round went the currents of his mind .
tr	NNS	She padded down the familiar hallways , navigating the corridors like an expert .
tr	NNS	After she cut off his balls .
tr	NNS	One of the boys grabbed two folding chairs from against the wall , wedging them on either side of Mindi and Maggie .
tr	NN	Soon he would accept humiliating defeat as he got finished off by this relentless predator .
tr	NNS	Alas , " Sid sighed , " our respective countries have no formal relations at present , so I am afraid the pleasantries stop here . "
tr	NN	She opened the nightstand drawer and pulled out her legal pad .
tr	NN	Simon never had much patience with Jace .
tr	NN	I won 't hear an argument .
tr	NN	The urge made a mockery of both his intellect and his self-control .
tr	NN	Eat your chocolate and drink your soda .
tr	NN	He padded barefoot down the hall to her room and eased her door open .
tr	NNS	He hates cats . "
tr	NN	Billy shrugged his own rifle off his shoulder and into his hands before he even saw what had alarmed her .
tr	NN	I may need that dental appointment after all . "
tr	NN	Alex felt a prick of disquiet .
tr	NN	Simon gave a swift exclamation , but Mana cut him off .
tr	NN	I studied his body language .
tr	NNS	She eased back the covers and cautiously righted herself .
tr	NNS	They always have the numbers , and they always have the terrain .
tr	NN	I quickly shoved all the medical , paraphernalia under my bed .
tr	NNS	He apparently had connections to the Dream Syndicate .
tr	NNS	She leaves enough scales above her skin to cover herself from knee to neck .
tr	NN	When the man saw the look on Benedict 's face , he took exception , not knowing Benedict could look no other way .
tr	NNS	No matter Yuri 's foul behavior that evening , he 'd never let anything harm Sonia .
tr	NN	barked the sergeant , approaching again .
tr	NN	We haven 't really got much justification for dwelling solely in the present .
tr	NNS	The pain in her eyes spoke volumes .
tr	NN	He was not disposed to al ow his Alpha any quarter .
tr	NNS	Rain dusts the glass panels above our heads .
tr	NNS	" Farmers are not growing their crops with water alone .
tr	NN	You were reading a magazine , and she wanted one too . "
tr	NNS	Steve was washing the dishes while Sarah dried them .
tr	NN	Now I 'll sniff self-consciously anytime he comes close .
tr	NN	The very thought sucked the oxygen from her lungs .
tr	NN	He does give her a sharp nip on her left forearm at one stage , leaving deep marks , but that 's normal for Art .
tr	NN	In the explosive height of the loft , barn swallows took shadowed wing .
tr	NN	She heard the reluctance in my voice , and her eyebrows rose .
tr	NN	Morris slipped the dog tag around Benson 's neck .
tr	NN	He held his ID for her to see before replacing it inside his pocket .
tr	NN	We can make some good PR from that too . "
tr	NN	He liked his grandchild , but he was from an era who thought that children should be seen and not heard .
tr	NN	" Use your logic . "
tr	NN	His and Jalal 's best friend turned bitterest rival .
tr	NN	Annie admired his attitude , which she viewed as brave and selfless , but she wanted to shout at him to do something and fast .
tr	NN	He leaned his hip against the nearest counter and tried to take control of the conversation .
tr	NN	They were passing the manuscript up the chain of command .
tr	NN	But her pale skin looked sallow .
tr	NN	He should have made that mental leap earlier .
tr	NN	" Could enemies follow the star to you ? "
tr	NN	" Should there be need , Savannah , I will force your compliance . "
tr	NN	I threw caution to the wind , however , hitting the gravel road with my foot pressed firmly down on the gas pedal .
tr	NNS	I saw the runes on Andris before you healed me . "
tr	NN	Rema had the urge to scream at him and break down crying , all at the same time .
tr	NNS	She had only her nightgown and slippers on and he could see goose bumps on her arms and legs .
tr	NN	" Did you see the jar ? "
tr	NN	Your pendant contains Zeus ' own fate , which in turn affects that of the entire world .
tr	NN	It has a standard satellite thruster package for maneuvering , but that 's it . "
tr	NN	With the rope slung around my torso , I led the nervous mare out of the barn .
tr	NN	Jess ignored the gesture , intrigued by the play of light in her shining hair .
tr	NNS	Billy prompted his companions toward another topic .
tr	NNS	Instead , he drove the dozen blocks to the rental home Tatiana and Valentina were sharing .
tr	NN	I never noticed that nervous tic in his cheek .
tr	NN	He loved Colette 's bubbly personality , and couldn 't wait to kill it off .
tr	NNS	We 'll draw up the contracts . "
tr	NN	' Are you telling me she doesn 't stir your cock ? '
tr	NN	She couldn 't burn pewter to strengthen her against the pain of her hurting arm and head .
tr	NNS	He pushed the cups of my bra up , exposing my flesh to his eyes , his mouth , his hands .
tr	NNS	My fingers gently rubbed his chest hairs as I continued sucking him off , and I knew that he was moments away from coming .
tr	NN	Because I want retribution for Takeo 's death ?
tr	NN	The rustle of the tree leaves , the soft gurgle of the tributary , and the hoot of an owl filled her ears .
tr	NN	Eventually I got a decent reputation .
tr	NNS	Sometimes I can hear the wolves calling to one another . "
tr	NNS	But don 't ask specifics about what we have to do . "
tr	NNS	And the gardeners are still pulling weeds .
tr	NN	Anthony chose a perfect specimen .
tr	NNS	Instead , one leg had five silver throwing knives tucked under strapped leather laces .
tr	NNS	A flowing black and silver gown , along with elbow length silver gloves , displayed her impressive physical attributes perfectly .
tr	NN	She walked down the staircase ahead of us .
tr	NNS	Kristy drummed her fingernails on the table .
tr	NNS	" You would have joined our ranks and served me .
tr	NNS	" When you told me that she could possibly be from around here , I Googled all the diners and cafes in the area .
tr	NN	You have sworn no oath , but I have . "
tr	NNS	And we 've syndicated the rights to hundreds of TV channels from Mongolia to Mesopotamia . '
tr	NN	Untangling myself from his embrace , I shoved the quilt off and stood .
tr	NN	As far as they 're concerned , I 've been doing the entire cheerleading squad since I was fourteen . "
tr	NNS	That woke up all his fighting instincts .
tr	NN	It sets up a powerful protest right off , but it quits when it knows it 's beat .
tr	NNS	I threw the covers back , sleepily rolled out of bed , and put on my workout gear .
tr	NN	Ryker checked the Secondhand 's dorm as well to find them vacant .
tr	NN	We haven 't seen a streetlight in hours .
tr	NN	Cole tosses down a fuzzy white rug .
tr	NN	She could still see the reddish brown gleam of her shiny coat .
tr	NN	It makes my jaw ache , and I bite my tongue .
tr	NN	His mother did a U-turn and took off back up the road .
tr	NNS	They 're paying me three thousand dollars to burn them . "
tr	NN	The mist enhanced the surreal quality of Rico 's lifesize hologram .
tr	NNS	" I 've already made all sorts of trouble for myself , Joey .
tr	NNS	My life had seen so many changes .
tr	NNS	He laid the two items on the table .
tr	NNS	We waited silently as a couple more students trickled in .
tr	NN	" They had no proof you belonged to them .
tr	NNS	Over the years , she 'd had very few serious arguments with her stepmother .
tr	NNS	' I will never understand magicians . '
tr	NN	What he had done should 've earned him a divine intervention .
tr	NN	Going a little farther to try to see my wolf again wouldn 't hurt anybody .
tr	NNS	Hank had had strong business ties with them .
tr	NN	He walked up the gangplank behind her and when they were almost at the top she stumbled and fell backwards into his arms .
tr	NN	The word Hormones came unbidden into her mind again .
tr	NN	said a passing flight attendant .
tr	NN	She had a task to accomplish , and she 'd need a clear head in order to do it .
tr	NNS	We have crabs ! "
tr	NNS	When they first arrived at the tree house , James showed Sophie the playing cards , the milk crates , and the view .
tr	NNS	The religiously dyed straw yellow mop of hair which always covered his face didn 't help either .
tr	NNS	They had two sons , Preston and then a few years later , Franklin .
tr	NN	Climbing in , he pulled the heavy down comforter up to his chest and lay there in the dark .
tr	NNS	Could we make requests ?
tr	NNS	The cemetery where the security guards had worn uniforms .
tr	NN	" More a supernatural parasite . "
tr	NNS	On this hand you have proven yourselves to be highly styled , highly entertaining on and off stage , highly industrious , and incredibly hard working .
tr	NN	He sets an excellent example in manners . "
tr	NNS	( She makes the best bubbles .
tr	NN	He reached out a thick sensory strand toward the old sculptor , another pair toward the girls .
tr	NNS	" They were called dogs and they would lick people 's faces and let people pet them .
tr	NNS	Some dipped their foreheads to the ground before her .
tr	NN	At the last possible second she plunged the razor-sharp instrument deep into his chest , straight into his heart .
tr	NN	A shiver passes up his spine as the scene on the screen changes , growing until it encircles and encompasses everything and the theatre vanishes .
tr	NNS	Every time I blink , I see bursts of color behind my eyelids .
tr	NN	I put the compact into my clutch and entered the house feeling like crap .
tr	NNS	" He kills innocent birds and only does 12 months ?
tr	NN	Damn , I need a shrink .
tr	NN	Conserve your ammo and rely on your close combat weapons more so you don 't make too much noise .
tr	NN	" We were just leaving , " Margaret told the nurse .
tr	NNS	" We can address repercussions at the conclusion of the affair . "
tr	NN	And he raised his crossbow and fired , right at the main bellows .
tr	NNS	Liquids ran down tubes into him .
tr	NNS	" I 've pieced together the data , and it 's starting to make sense .
tr	NN	Thor picked up the huge wooden block , surprised at its weight .
tr	NN	Nicolas 's long , strong fingers began a slow massage on her neck .
tr	NNS	Maeve walked the corridors .
tr	NN	We were led down a long narrow stairwell to part of the underground tunnel system .
tr	NN	No , of course you don 't , so quit your bitching , and accept who you are .
tr	NNS	He remembered bits and pieces , but very little after the impact .
tr	NN	She inhaled the light musk of his cologne and closed her eyes , thinking he was done .
tr	NNS	He broke connections and waited for two breaths before starting back .
tr	NN	" We 'd searched the garbage the day Pardon 's body was found . "
tr	NN	I 'd taken the girl 's virginity .
tr	NN	" And no ... " Her father made a vague fiddling gesture with one hand .
tr	NNS	I changed directions and started heading home .
tr	NN	My heart did a weird little twist in my chest .
tr	NNS	In the wild , Eric and I fought other Shifters to protect our family .
tr	NNS	We have roasted vegetables of sorts if you wish ? "
tr	NN	She took her time answering .
tr	NNS	We will not allow innocents to be slaughtered .
tr	NNS	Since I had tutoring on Thursdays , we made arrangements to go out again Friday night .
tr	NNS	They both raised their crossbows .
tr	NN	That we may never find the valley ?
tr	NNS	Besides , democracies shouldn 't be murdering their citizens because of their political views .
tr	NNS	He brought up the raw data for the agents .
tr	NN	" Who will take the crown ? "
tr	NN	He let out a deep , satisfied groan that made a shiver course up her spine .
tr	NN	She could feel the hard , swollen ridge of his sex , pushing at his clothing .
tr	NN	" No , I mean , how long would we keep up this charade ?
tr	NN	They would make the pure twist themselves into demons in order to win the fight .
tr	NN	It 'll ease the soreness .
tr	NN	It also had an abundance of homeless .
tr	NNS	And who could forget my fellow authors , bloggers , and the readers ?
tr	NNS	Pigeon set a few bits of food on the floor near the door and backed away .
tr	NNS	The monsters were picking their targets and adapting .
tr	NN	He licked the green juice from between his fingers .
tr	NNS	I too trust my own instincts here , and use them to take a decision .
tr	NN	I rested the basket on my hip and flung the door open with my free hand .
tr	NNS	She had caught his stares for a week now , but did not mind .
tr	NNS	I don 't know all the powers you should have , or how you can gain them all .
tr	NNS	When her book came out , it did only modest sales and then faded into oblivion .
tr	NN	" Then couldn 't we hook the battery to a satellite phone or radio frequency and keep trying to reach some people ? "
tr	NN	Now he had a more difficult task to accomplish .
tr	NNS	" I accept your terms . "
tr	NNS	Thank gods he 's alive .
tr	NN	Don 't even have the cloth that they were cut out of ! "
tr	NNS	Their sweet fragrance wreathed his senses like a silken ribbon .
tr	NN	You 've suffered a terrible fright . "
tr	NN	Jo had the good fortune to look great in very short , no-fuss hair .
tr	NNS	Both Amelia and Allegra opened their mouths to respond , but Alma didn 't wait to listen .
tr	NN	She smoothed the napkin in her lap .
tr	NNS	Tam takes ten good swings at that thing before passing the hammer to Ryan .
tr	NNS	" I 'd have happily waited a few more centuries . "
tr	NN	He had a thick but short black beard that matched his greasy looking head and sinkhole eyes .
tr	NNS	We had already crossed several corridors and passed more than a dozen side passages , all devoid of signs of life .
tr	NN	And a girl who might simply vanish had no business investing in anything but herself .
tr	NN	Sister Roberta turned the potato into a bubble of coffee .
tr	NN	Like all the other of Brady 's projects , the cell leader had meticulously planned and analysed every detail of their task .
tr	NN	" Did you see the cop who came through the back door ? "
tr	NNS	" And it 's like pulling atoms from the air around us , so yes , they can create wind .
tr	NN	Veterans were given priority and General Gale had quickly established a first-rate boot camp at Mountain Home Air Force Base .
tr	NN	I 'd attached the name Rooster to the largest man .
tr	NN	She flopped the empty suitcase carelessly on the bed , and a cloud of dust spread over the white comforter , which she ignored .
tr	NN	A quick glance at Julian 's and Veronique 's empty cartons identified the catalyst of this brutality .
tr	NN	From under the delicate lid , I remove a strand of Tahitian pearls that also belonged to my mother .
tr	NN	Maura picked a long strand of Persephone 's hair from the rim of her glass .
tr	NN	" You found a scale ? "
tr	NN	It wasn 't until after we took the leap down the Crimson Fortress that I realized what he meant .
tr	NNS	" Does Dylan do drugs ? "
tr	NN	A chill slid down my spine .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my throbbing temples and sighed .
tr	NN	I will see this undone . "
tr	NNS	Usually , the moment she awoke , she awoke completely , then immediately shoved back the covers and rose to face the day .
tr	NNS	Kendra has some issues that make her unstable and I 'm beginning to worry that Dank isn 't the kind of guy she needs .
tr	NNS	Christ , he 'd just met two survival experts and still hadn 't thought to ask their advice .
tr	NNS	Royalty had servants for that kind of thing .
tr	NNS	Look , Gilberto , Machiavelli may not please all tastes , but he is an Assassin , not a traitor . "
tr	NN	Other nations have an option to relinquish your power or face us like your contemporaries .
tr	NNS	During this voyage we passed many willowy islands and saw several beautiful towns .
tr	NNS	" Did you use hospital supplies to do it ? "
tr	NN	She 'd seen a sketch of him before , of course .
tr	NNS	Iseo walked down several corridors and reached a dead end .
tr	NNS	She fought giant , panic breaths with all of her pride .
tr	NN	Lucien gave a warning growl .
tr	NNS	White marble covered the floors , walls , ceiling , and a long vanity area .
tr	NN	Cole grabbed a condom from the drawer in his nightstand and handed it to Sali .
tr	NN	" Well , actually , I don 't want your advice , and I 'm not backing off anything because I 'm not doing anything wrong .
tr	NNS	Candles lit the walkways from the maintenance shop , the chief ranger 's office and the museum .
tr	NN	Others still , like the Shinto shrines in Japan , express reverence for nature in the harmonious way they blend with the natural environment .
tr	NN	Giving it a kiss , I whispered a small prayer for him to protect me always .
tr	NNS	You might have had some bad breaks , but you had choices still .
tr	NN	Charlie honked his horn impatiently .
tr	NNS	The kelp covered the planet 's seas except for the random patch of open water called " lagoons . "
tr	NN	Yet her announcement had not provoked more fury .
tr	NN	But I 'll take a melon .
tr	NNS	She played out all the scenarios she could think of to ask for the piece of fruit .
tr	NN	With one hand , he pulled the knot on his bathrobe 's soft belt .
tr	NN	" But that 's not possible , " Tiberius immediately dismissed the possibility with hollow conviction .
tr	NN	Able to dodge in time , Rift catches a glimpse of an opening as the animal dives past him .
tr	NN	She may give you a pasty if you assist her . "
tr	NNS	I threw the empty soda cans into the recycling bin at the back door and headed upstairs to go to bed .
tr	NN	" The one who wishes to crossover must forge his own destiny . "
tr	NNS	Next , he withdrew her stockings , groaning out loud when he realized she was only wearing thigh high stockings .
tr	NN	Of course , Lucy sells the manuscript to her friendly local publisher , and that problem is all taken care of .
tr	NN	" We saw a glimpse of him as we were walking up .
tr	NN	Still , she couldn 't quite contain her joy as she hurried back to the kitchen .
tr	NN	You might also have a claim if you were fired for refusing to do something illegal , or for missing work time because of jury duty .
tr	NN	A chill slithered down her spine .
tr	NNS	He had abilities and energies enough to spare and with his surplus he was able help others with their problems .
tr	NN	I snatch a fire extinguisher off the floor and spray the vicinity around Skyla , ignoring the fact my back just combusted .
tr	NN	Each time I put my hands near my face I had the impulse to gag .
tr	NN	When Jasmine glanced up , she expected a stern scolding , or at least a disgusted huff .
tr	NNS	His photos show ships lazing on the water , cranes in single file , neat little grids of cars , and containers stacked like Lego bricks .
tr	NN	I 'm expecting a very important package .
tr	NN	Savannah grabbed a handful of popcorn and stuffed it into her mouth .
tr	NNS	Penelope rubbed her breasts .
tr	NN	She braced her sagging spine against the tree , better than leaning on a man again .
tr	NNS	He has several servants , many you won 't like .
tr	NNS	He has the microphones turned up to the max , so he can hear anything we might whisper to each other . "
tr	NN	She could feel his observation , hear the faint sound of his breath .
tr	NN	" I don 't believe you 'd regret it , Your Lordship . "
tr	NN	Rhiannon fought her urge to say , " So ? "
tr	NN	I 'd heard the rumor but , I confess , I wasn 't quite sure I believed it . "
tr	NN	Luke pats the dash .
tr	NNS	" I 've got skills . "
tr	NN	I had somehow gotten pasta stuck to the refrigerator , although for the life of me I couldn 't remember how that had happened .
tr	NNS	Ripping at the packaging , she sent bits of paper and wrapping into the air .
tr	NN	No matter how many times he tried to talk himself out of it , he couldn 't stop the unease inside him .
tr	NNS	Sali stole their pens and they chased him .
tr	NN	" Christian was remembering some advice you once gave him about romance . "
tr	NN	Where on earth would you get that impression ? "
tr	NNS	" Don 't give him excuses .
tr	NN	During his stay there , his father had taken a shine to her .
tr	NN	You have much respect at the palace .
tr	NNS	He quickened his strokes while his hand continued to .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have surveillance cameras .
tr	NNS	In his mind she lit the black candles once more and sprinkled the herbs into the bowl .
tr	NNS	For the next half hour Dad hit those balls even harder at me .
tr	NN	She gave her sister credit as Veronica didn 't wince at her curse words .
tr	NNS	He needed my senses to help him navigate the approaching darkness .
tr	NN	He describes thirst as the perpetual sensation of trying to burp , the consuming despair that there 's a pit clogged in your closing throat .
tr	NNS	They could not arrest the two movements which were going on .
tr	NN	You 've got the security code for the gates , right ? "
tr	NNS	I like babies and little things .
tr	NN	He deserves that joy and happiness . "
tr	NNS	Viggo had cash stashed everywhere .
tr	NN	Looked like a buffalo or something . "
tr	NN	His mind hammered his growing insecurity .
tr	NNS	My family never gets flu shots . "
tr	NN	" They just cut off the supply of the drug .
tr	NNS	At six fifteen , Kelly had excused Tess and told her she could go on the computer and chat with her friends until he arrived .
tr	NNS	They had roofs , narrow windows , and steps at the rear leading up to the doorway on the back of each wagon .
tr	NN	Gracie and I took the bat outside and set him free and I returned to my empty bed .
tr	NNS	She parted her thighs and he rocked against her .
tr	NNS	Ah , " Silk said delicately .
tr	NNS	When she had tied the knots almost painfully tight , she stood with her hand on his chest , her face mere inches from his .
tr	NN	Luis sent his twin brother a quick glare .
tr	NNS	I felt the butterflies rising with the tears as I said this .
tr	NNS	I soon found the renovations .
tr	NNS	The dress just covers her tits with the red but the black lace goes up and around her neck , leaving her shoulders and back exposed .
tr	NNS	She curled her biceps into an invisible peak .
tr	NN	" Just another day in the torture tower .
tr	NNS	Silk 's eyes grew sly , and his long nose twitched .
tr	NN	Near the top , she heard a yell and realized it was Ren .
tr	NNS	He has issues with control , and yeah , it can be difficult .
tr	NNS	" Understood , " he said , " I 'll tell the sentries .
tr	NNS	Who needs five pairs of shoes for one night ? "
tr	NNS	He wrote the scores for The Wizard of Oz , The Quiet Man , Around the World in Eighty Days , and Shane .
tr	NNS	He still hadn 't adjusted his expectations to the reality .
tr	NN	" You did your duty . "
tr	NN	Paul cautiously opened the lid , not sure exactly what he was expecting to find .
tr	NNS	Marjorie had bought some sausages and we had them with mash .
tr	NNS	" If you just let us go , I can give you a thousand dollars . "
tr	NNS	Hart pushed past Eleanor , his clothes smelling of stale smoke and whiskey .
tr	NN	" I represent the estate of Ray Kenwood .
tr	NNS	The press usually kept close tabs on such sensational cases .
tr	NNS	Fear flooded their hearts .
tr	NNS	From behind the lapels , I could hear a faint hiss as the X1 vacuumed air in with its synthesized breath .
tr	NN	He has a dimple in his left cheek , and very nice teeth ; I appreciate that about him .
tr	NNS	You honor yourselves and you honor my father 's vision .
tr	NN	" Another example of liberals declaring war on good wholesome values like mining .
tr	NN	I closed the article on the rise in tennis fans among preteens and picked up the nearest book .
tr	NN	" We had a strong closing argument .
tr	NNS	They drained the seas until everything in the water was dead too . "
tr	NNS	And as far as I 'm concerned , he has no obligations to this baby .
tr	NN	spoke the unwelcome visitor from across the stony expanse .
tr	NN	" Hey , give credit where credit is due .
tr	NN	There Howard was giving the command for liftoff of five meters and the turbines on his back swiftly obeyed .
tr	NN	" It 's breaking the friendship code . "
tr	NNS	To completely lose herself in the throes of passion and trust that her lover knows what she needs to help her find her bliss .
tr	NN	" Oh , think nothin ' of it .
tr	NNS	You want cubs . "
tr	NNS	She fingered his balls gently as she sucked him as hard and fast as she could .
tr	NN	He didn 't want a repeat of this evening .
tr	NN	With a fortifying breath , she gripped the saddle and started to dismount .
tr	NN	She set her alarm clock and said , " If I 'm lucky , I 'll get four hours of sleep .
tr	NNS	This section should have had nondescript gray tiles .
tr	NN	Cameron pulled back the curtain of his neighbor 's front window and looked at his home .
tr	NN	I was eyeballing up the sofa for position possibilities as Jacob eyeballed my hot , new dress .
tr	NNS	We recognise our allies , our cousins , and we welcome you .
tr	NNS	Nobody remembers the leaders , who almost snatched total power .
tr	NN	As she hoped , the hard scales that covered the rest of his body did not cover his groin .
tr	NNS	" And I sent photographs .
tr	NNS	I kept missing classes from the bruises , so I dropped out of college . "
tr	NN	- Oh , darn the uniform .
tr	NNS	Perhaps we should revise the arrangements for these family visits . "
tr	NN	When you 've done so , climb that tower and set off the signal flare you 'll find there .
tr	NN	" Baby , you can be my blanket any time you feel the urge . "
tr	NN	Before leaving , they steal the video recording of their entrance and the printout of their movement throughout the museum .
tr	NNS	She hasn 't returned the three texts that I sent her since the night at the restaurant .
tr	NNS	We 'd grown up together , babies compared to the rest of the council , and seeing him now made me more homesick than ever .
tr	NNS	Sighing , Francesca rubbed her pounding temples .
tr	NNS	Way back in the early 1940s , the Brits detonated some test bombs on an island off their coast .
tr	NNS	" But ... we don 't have reflections .
tr	NNS	Amanda and Cassidy would be sitting ducks for someone like the tiger Shifter in the basement .
tr	NNS	" How many of you truly understand nature 's wonders or remember what you know deep inside is true ? "
tr	NNS	" We have birds chirping away , and the water falling over there is enough music to dance to . "
tr	NNS	And why hadn 't Cain ever noticed the cameras before ?
tr	NNS	He put both items in the small plastic bag he 'd got when he bought the card and put it in his jacket pocket .
tr	NNS	He set off around the ship once more , his hormones returning to huff and puff their displeasure .
tr	NNS	From his penthouse , he could see the Pacific waters .
tr	NN	On the way out of the bedroom , she slammed her toe against the dresser .
tr	NNS	In neutral , unhurried tones , the Queen reported the outcomes of maneuvers and attacks .
tr	NN	He tapped the dwindling lump in his midsection .
tr	NNS	Abe echoed my sentiments .
tr	NNS	In reality I had gotten three texts , but I didn 't see the point in telling this to Alice .
tr	NNS	" How long have you been divorced , Scores ? "
tr	NN	" Detective Willis and several other officers are canvassing my neighborhood .
tr	NN	Chloe noticed the cigarette roller and bag of tobacco .
tr	NNS	But his mouth waited just inches from hers , the mouth that had pressed kisses to every inch of her skin .
tr	NN	Anne Marie dropped her napkin on the table and stood .
tr	NNS	Please draw the drapes " Every one talked at once and then went to their classrooms .
tr	NNS	Beside him , Kitty smiled slyly .
tr	NNS	Don 't get me wrong , I have other interests and hobbies , outside of work .
tr	NNS	Second , you institute systems that have built-in incentives for your departments to work against each other rather than together . "
tr	NN	I never saw the attraction in the practice .
tr	NNS	She told incredible lies .
tr	NNS	She produced the pages of notes .
tr	NNS	Different locations offer different solutions .
tr	NN	The house looked immense with four stories of round arched windows , and the action described seemed desperate .
tr	NN	Janie pressed a wad of tissue to a gash in her eyebrow .
tr	NNS	He could also pull lobster pots on the way back .
tr	NN	She gave him a mock scowl as she answered , " I 'm twenty-nine years old , almost thirty .
tr	NNS	" That 's the powwow grounds -- have dances there every month .
tr	NNS	" One has certain illusions about academia . "
tr	NNS	We did have some technical difficulties with our recording equipment .
tr	NNS	She wore baggy old sweats and even older tennis shoes .
tr	NN	" Fuck it , " Brent said , and went to apartment 310 , tried the knob .
tr	NNS	The small mountain of evidence filled eleven and a half corrugated storage boxes .
tr	NN	" You mean a coup ?
tr	NNS	He took up the reins , calling to the horse , while the wagon jerked forward , ambling from the house .
tr	NN	" I 've never experienced creation .
tr	NN	Making a fist over the stone Cup , he let the blood drip into it .
tr	NNS	We should compare novels sometime . "
tr	NN	She felt her heart squeeze in a mixture of horror and delight .
tr	NNS	They mention the two job interviews , and I throw a curve by explaining I 'm not ready for employment .
tr	NN	Simon had a fishing rod in one hand and a book in the other .
tr	NN	As I sat there in the cold room , I felt nausea creeping up on me .
tr	NN	Then Miranda tucked a strand of her straight multicolored hair behind her ear and looked at Kylie .
tr	NN	Her friends could have had an inkling all along .
tr	NNS	The magic hit the birds like a bomb .
tr	NNS	Most weavers today use their skills to make their products stronger and better .
tr	NN	I haven 't even really let the possibility of being his wife sink in .
tr	NNS	" According to the letter , the pay will match my skills and experience . "
tr	NN	" Well , thank goodness we can walk around .
tr	NNS	Look , I have no issues with him breaking into the room .
tr	NN	I need advice . "
tr	NNS	" They take donations for his recovery .
tr	NN	Did they change History ?
tr	NN	Duke needed some oats and a good rundown .
tr	NN	She saw the unease on her brother-in-law 's face .
tr	NNS	He carried her a few more yards to the alcove they had been using .
tr	NN	Josephine left her condo and made her way over to his .
tr	NNS	I electrocuted the tubes that go into her brain .
tr	NNS	" You relinquished your rights .
tr	NN	Then the spider bites the captive to keep it in one place until the spider 's ready to eat again .
tr	NN	He normally didn 't have that effect on women .
tr	NNS	" You accepted the terms of your release . "
tr	NN	The water felt wonderful , refreshing , cleansing after the awful events of the day .
tr	NNS	I tweak her ribs playfully , and she spins into me .
tr	NNS	He won 't be bringing any other GP members , just his usual traveling staff .
tr	NNS	And since you brought it up , it can put Chloë at risk . "
tr	NNS	Brady didn 't ask questions , he fired several shots .
tr	NNS	" Oh , leave Tess alone , Livia .
tr	NNS	The glass and the wires certainly spoke volumes about keeping the patients firmly on the other side , where they belonged .
tr	NN	In the kiss , she allowed her hunger for him to show ; she allowed her teeth to lengthen .
tr	NNS	It would take centuries to draw conclusions .
tr	NN	She grabbed the brim of my hat and shook it before popping out of her chair to take her plate to the sink .
tr	NNS	Even the EBT crowd is hopeful , they want their benefits back and DeWitt isn 't delivering .
tr	NNS	Sadie had sewed new cushions for the seat and back .
tr	NNS	They leave little crumbs of dead skin everywhere they go . "
tr	NNS	Would we choose tropical islands on which to play our sensuous games , to do our dances and fall into our spells of dancing and singing ?
tr	NN	Someone must have cranked up the air conditioner because the temperature in the room was cooler than outside .
tr	NNS	I took my meals in my cabin and later that day , we were in orbit around Batavia VII .
tr	NN	He looked down the metal railing , " Down there . "
tr	NN	Welp , I 'd definitely racked up some shit karma somewhere along the way .
tr	NN	" Confuse the crap out of them . "
tr	NNS	" I can 't see auras anymore .
tr	NN	He bends the crook of his finger , motioning for her to enter the armory .
tr	NN	In a panic , he brought the toaster down on Craig 's head again .
tr	NNS	He owned several houses , and Halstead Hall was quite large .
tr	NN	" Like a biological clock ? "
tr	NN	I do not show body language .
tr	NNS	Through Sullivan and the Irish nationalists , he had excellent contacts in Boulder and Leadville .
tr	NNS	The group of men grabbed the unmoving forms , picking up Cap and one soldier .
tr	NNS	I watched the wheels in his head turn as he thought carefully over whatever he was about to say .
tr	NN	He grabs my cl * t between his fingers and twists .
tr	NN	He had made the error of getting his own hit out of the way first , which would always implicate whoever benefited from that death .
tr	NNS	We don 't need any more distractions during the day .
tr	NN	The painkillers were taking effect .
tr	NNS	As the man spoke , a group of servants was setting up more chairs under the tree , as well as a small table of refreshments .
tr	NNS	Desire softly heated his blood , sharpened his senses to the feel and smell of a female .
tr	NNS	" She 's taking the reins of the household again .
tr	NNS	I dust the pebbles from my hands , wincing from the burn of the scratches as I round the corner into the backyard .
tr	NN	As she sank into her pile of ruined clothes , she had a blinding realization .
tr	NNS	" Katie would you get the biscuits from the oven , sweetie ? "
tr	NNS	They were still fastening their suits and talking together in small nervous groups when the landing sirens shrieked into life .
tr	NN	James resisted the urge to laugh at her prim tone .
tr	NN	Rabid beasts had better self-control than the fury that flashed in his eyes .
tr	NN	I 've already called my attorney .
tr	NN	You don 't have a sweet tooth ? "
tr	NNS	" I 've gone centuries without letting one of those leeches touch me .
tr	NN	Tex popped his knuckles as he approached .
tr	NN	But as Isabella , I 've earned my status .
tr	NNS	And why did none of them know the basics of parking a vehicle ?
tr	NNS	" To feed the ducks . "
tr	NN	He opened the desk drawer to his left and pulled something out .
tr	NNS	The man not only had dark ties to Mike , but even darker connections to a world outside of civil society .
tr	NN	' Find a snapper trap that hasn 't been made safe .
tr	NN	As the Empire 's armies approached the bridge , they saw the wreckage of the bridge in the water .
tr	NN	The priest had a scroll and quill and ink , and Eveline realized that Graeme meant to dictate the message to her father .
tr	NNS	She could smell Ellie again , and over a distance of , what , twenty yards ?
tr	NNS	The giant had fangs , wild hair , and a contorted posture as though he were as much a beast as a person .
tr	NNS	" The leader christened our cubs .
tr	NNS	Outside in the dark , only the wind disrupted the oblique stillness .
tr	NNS	We ransacked drawers and upturned ornaments looking for the keys , but they stayed hidden or were not there .
tr	NNS	Incredibly , sweat had left dark stains under his arms and down the center of his back .
tr	NNS	To hear Annie talk , she 'd gotten the very dregs of the elective courses .
tr	NNS	Again , Hellfire missiles aboard the UAVs found their targets as pilots sitting at consoles in Nevada guided their charges to their targets .
tr	NN	She turned the possibility over in her mind .
tr	NN	I pieced together the puzzle .
tr	NNS	" For now , we need numbers , and we need weapons .
tr	NNS	He currently made forty thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	And why do bars give away peanuts and pretzels ? "
tr	NN	Climbing out of the car he heard her mutter , " sexist pig " .
tr	NN	He stopped his massage and stroked her hair , looping it behind her ear , and then the whisper of his breath shivered over her skin .
tr	NNS	They want shots of the jilted wife .
tr	NN	And she realized the real meaning of yet another word .
tr	NNS	" Often I would turn down the lamps and close my eyes .
tr	NN	She barely resisted the urge to place her lips in the same spot on her hand , like a teenager kissing a Robert Pattinson poster .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any expectations , but if you 're interested in another experience , you know where to find me . "
tr	NNS	" I have no expectations . "
tr	NNS	She could feel several pairs of eyes on her , willing her on .
tr	NN	You sent a death squad to kill him . "
tr	NNS	Ethan finished the dishes , headed upstairs .
tr	NN	She earned his respect by the way she handled things on the case of the imposing imposter .
tr	NNS	" Fill out those forms !
tr	NNS	If you loved someone , you couldn 't let lies come between you .
tr	NN	She wrapped the towel around her waist and walked away from him .
tr	NN	We will reduce altitude to 8,000 feet .
tr	NNS	' And , finally , smelly T-shirts with meaningless writing . '
tr	NN	Standing perfectly still in the living room , with his hands in his pockets , he positively emanated masculine vitality and sex appeal .
tr	NN	John watched the quartermaster as he took Thomas Davis by the arm , escorting him below deck .
tr	NNS	I pressed my thighs together , squirming in the seat as his warm tongue licked against my bottom lip .
tr	NN	And Shinichi had made a whole handful of predictions .
tr	NNS	We both have issues from our past we needed to get over .
tr	NN	Paul straightened the trio of angel figurines that adorned his living-room window .
tr	NNS	She could throw out all the signals she wanted .
tr	NNS	Dean used his thumbs to pop out the heavy lens on the right side of the glasses .
tr	NNS	I pulled their favorite beers from the cooler , popped the tops , and set them on the bar .
tr	NNS	The old man gritted his jaws together and spat out a tooth .
tr	NNS	I had visited the toilets twice , and both times maintained a safe ' two urinal ' distance from any other man .
tr	NN	Requesting a manual evacuation of all personnel . "
tr	NN	He took a short bath , just to lose the smell of rotten eggs that clung to him from the dripping tunnel , and fell into bed .
tr	NN	We had all made a pact not to talk about it .
tr	NN	Like the slurping of some disgusting demon he could hear his own blood spill upon the ground as he stumbled .
tr	NN	' You don 't break a code . '
tr	NNS	" And don 't make any sudden movements , either .
tr	NN	He gave an almost imperceptible shrug .
tr	NN	I beat the Queen of the Fairies !
tr	NN	Providence picked up another jar .
tr	NN	" You knew the password ? "
tr	NN	She liked chocolate and sugar .
tr	NNS	I didn 't hear any noises .
tr	NNS	To see cats for what they really were .
tr	NN	Ant stuffed the gag back in his mouth and grabbed an electric branding iron that was starting to glow with heat .
tr	NN	She needed a reprieve from the stranger in order to gather her wits again , and calm the racing of her fiercely pounding heart .
tr	NNS	Again , she instantaneously changed forms and found herself a mermaid .
tr	NN	We attended his funeral ; my Grandfather was such a unique , honorable man , and we were very close .
tr	NNS	When I answered , my father sounded breathless , on the verge of hyperventilating .
tr	NNS	The lubrication of drink worked wonders with self-assurance .
tr	NN	A dark grey granite work surface and black bevelled tiles offered a good contrast to the bright white units and stainless steel appliances .
tr	NNS	The bowling club he manages turned over the best figures it has ever had .
tr	NNS	I bat my eyelashes and study his face .
tr	NNS	I pressed my palms on the ground and pushed my upper body up , groaning .
tr	NN	I made a gesture for her to lower her voice .
tr	NN	Wave the crown around .
tr	NN	Once it 's full of my blood , I pull out the needle and watch my skin stitch itself up .
tr	NN	Thus , Alex and Aunt Melanie ordered pizza for the second time .
tr	NNS	We didn 't have the proper drugs to help him clot .
tr	NN	Can 't I get any privacy around here ? '
tr	NN	They had electricity and paid taxes .
tr	NNS	If I didn 't cut my hair , would it cost me the million dollars ?
tr	NNS	I tongued my gums .
tr	NNS	Looking back at her feet , she saw dusty marks in the path where the snake had fought for its life and lost .
tr	NNS	" But she recruited three bullies from our school who are now helping her . "
tr	NNS	A pack needed two leaders , and it especially needed a male alpha .
tr	NN	Lilly 's sparkling blue eyes were shut , her glowing skin sallow , her spirit withering away .
tr	NN	Minho followed the Rat Man down a long hallway and then into a small chamber that led to several marked doors .
tr	NNS	" So you 're raising funds for the 37th amendment campaign ? "
tr	NN	" And no , we don 't have temporal substance here .
tr	NNS	He 'd had more lovers than her by far .
tr	NN	" You have a leak .
tr	NNS	Cherie mimics my actions and smiles .
tr	NNS	Did you empower your disciples ?
tr	NNS	She wiped the crumbs from her face .
tr	NNS	Noll stumbled backwards , cursed , and had to leap over the fire to avoid falling into it .
tr	NNS	She handed the reins to her daughter , " I am tired , would you guide us for a while ? "
tr	NNS	Shards of light from the windows reflected off the marble floors , throwing slivers of illumination across the walls .
tr	NNS	When I arrived at the game , I scanned the bleachers for Brandon .
tr	NN	" You want justice or revenge ? "
tr	NNS	" No , all 4 CDs have the same tracks on them , you play each at the same time on different players . "
tr	NNS	" I love wolves ! "
tr	NNS	You have some pretty important clients and they all speak well of you . "
tr	NN	Well , they had steak .
tr	NN	" You have held that artifact for thirty years , Altair , reveling in its power and hoarding its secrets .
tr	NN	You play hero shaman too , when in reality you 're off commanding gentry armies .
tr	NNS	One of Nate 's hands massages Dana 's ample breasts , and the other disappears beneath her .
tr	NNS	Out the window , I watched bundled students hurrying home .
tr	NN	It didn 't help my outlook that Edward 's face was smooth and remote as he kissed my forehead quickly and ducked out my window .
tr	NNS	I 'd give my own two thumbs just to taste you . "
tr	NN	" I need some advice . "
tr	NN	Across the room , Jonas had restored the dagger to the wall .
tr	NN	" I make a mean martini . "
tr	NNS	In his right hand he held the reins , in his left he gripped his sword .
tr	NNS	They will scramble your brains same as any other lethal drug . "
tr	NNS	I can imagine scenarios where whatever connected them was overridden by practicality or just plain greed .
tr	NNS	Police have no leads .
tr	NNS	Before she could wonder what he was about , he parted her folds and slid a thick finger deep inside her .
tr	NNS	Most people had ulterior motives or selfish agendas , and Thalia was probably one of them .
tr	NN	The bitch has got a blood bath . '
tr	NN	Look , a friend of mine lives a block away from the place .
tr	NN	He took the lobe in his mouth and drew from her what had to have been the smallest rivulet of blood possible .
tr	NNS	She had taken some incredible shots .
tr	NN	The prospect of soaking in a tub of steaming water made her moan in anticipation .
tr	NN	I opened the fridge , eyeing the shelves greedily .
tr	NNS	He created kingdoms , and then destroyed them as he made the world anew .
tr	NN	Only a short distance away , through a gap in the stone wall , Simon could see the traffic on York Avenue rumbling placidly by .
tr	NN	When he got to the buttons at my waist , he allowed his knuckles to brush against my abdominals , and I sucked in a breath .
tr	NN	He had left no marker , but he remembered where he had buried him .
tr	NN	With all the old Boer strongholds around here , it could be like finding a needle in a haystack . "
tr	NN	" Mr. Simpson takes this diamond out a couple of times a year and puts it on public display for charitable events .
tr	NN	My mother had a fondness for him as did everyone else who knew him .
tr	NN	Toby had the utmost respect for his landlady .
tr	NNS	Julian was already on the floor , piling the cushions for them .
tr	NN	After only one bite he put his fork down and patted his lips with his napkin .
tr	NN	I could never lose respect for her .
tr	NNS	Worth the twenty bucks just to see the frustration on the kid 's face . "
tr	NN	He heard her breath hitch in her throat , but she said nothing .
tr	NN	Maybe Serenity hadn 't reached the pier yet ?
tr	NN	" Fantastic , " Jericho mumbled sarcastically .
tr	NN	The Conductor made the usual announcement that they would have a five to seven minute wait for connections to other trains .
tr	NN	He held the football under one arm and his T-shirt bunched up in the other hand .
tr	NNS	" You brought armies to attack my city .
tr	NN	Finding them , he scratched a careless stroke .
tr	NN	They lay a trap telling you that to change yourself , you must change the world ; it 's a lie to keep you from acting .
tr	NN	" Sheriff 's cracking his whip , Lena . "
tr	NNS	You do understand the terms of the agreement ? "
tr	NN	She grabbed a white hand towel , soaking it in the running water and wiping the drying blood off her arms .
tr	NN	He took the baseball cap from his head and studied it for a moment .
tr	NN	He didn 't have the option of hanging up in frustration though .
tr	NNS	" I missed our trips to the beach and the fun we used to have . "
tr	NN	What you 're talking about is using raw material .
tr	NN	She picked up the instruction insert from the early pregnancy test and read through it again .
tr	NNS	Tanner tapped precious energy reserves to tuck his good arm behind his head casually .
tr	NNS	" I heard bits and pieces of it . "
tr	NNS	Grief and loneliness flooded my senses , and I closed my eyes as I attempted to regain my composure .
tr	NN	She 'll face werewolf justice if we find her . "
tr	NN	Keep your filthy mouth shut !
tr	NNS	Blowing out candles at a birthday party .
tr	NNS	Noah had taken down her defenses and had had a glimpse of what lay behind them , and there was no undoing that .
tr	NNS	With that , I make air kissing noises and slam down the phone despite his protestations .
tr	NN	" I can 't believe anybody who doesn 't have to wear these things would actually choose to wear them . "
tr	NN	Mana put a long ribbon in her volume and closed it .
tr	NN	He raised the pistol .
tr	NN	They 're making stew , chopping up all the veggies and meat .
tr	NN	Edgar gave her shoulder a gentle squeeze and sent her a regretful smile .
tr	NNS	He broke off bits of green weeds that grew here and there .
tr	NNS	They didn 't have ranks , like the military , but they all instinctively knew who among them was in charge .
tr	NN	" Who uses orange juice ? "
tr	NN	While Jonathan was at work she called the airport and reserved a seat in coach for $ 150 to Connecticut .
tr	NNS	This news has physicians and researchers quite optimistic .
tr	NN	" What if terrorists got this technology ?
tr	NNS	" So , you have powers ? "
tr	NN	" Didn 't he recently go through a very public meltdown ? "
tr	NNS	We need new leaders with fresh views .
tr	NN	I wind a strand of her hair around my finger .
tr	NN	Claire gave a thumbs-up .
tr	NNS	As unnerving as it was on a lot of levels , he got definite brownie points for how involved he 'd been in Bradley 's care .
tr	NNS	Or Bishop ... That familiar gnawing of guilt attacked my insides with renewed strength .
tr	NNS	I shakes the cobwebs out of me mind and ciphers it out .
tr	NNS	When Stark IT Systems came to campus in the final year , they valued extra-curricular activities more that grades .
tr	NNS	The Assassins drew their knives , the blades blackened to avoid the tell-tale shine . '
tr	NN	He is proving quite a handful .
tr	NN	Put the soap on your hands and wash .
tr	NN	He drives the needle into the vial .
tr	NN	What can I attribute this miraculous reversal to ? "
tr	NN	The soles of his low boots left little impression on the hard , dry ground .
tr	NNS	They both wore field dress uniforms : thick khaki coveralls and army boots .
tr	NNS	Releasing it , he tied the reins over the saddle confident the animal would return home when ready .
tr	NNS	He checked his doubts and once , when she looked like in sleep in his cuddle , he squeezed her closer .
tr	NN	I scooted my butt backward and leaned against the pillows .
tr	NN	His words strike a chord of unease .
tr	NN	Timmons shut the bottom drawer and followed the Warden down the steps and out the door .
tr	NNS	Within its eyes I saw the loneliness I had once felt when I had first realized that my banishment was real and not a joke .
tr	NN	He twirled a strand of my hair on his finger and leaned in to kiss my nose .
tr	NNS	Selling your little bits of information .
tr	NN	- and tossed a pinch into the flames .
tr	NNS	I collapse beside her , still breathless .
tr	NNS	" I had my suspicions before that things would go bad . "
tr	NN	With time to reflect on the past came an increasing realization of the elusiveness of whatever he defined as truth .
tr	NNS	I parted my thighs , feeling open and exposed .
tr	NN	I watched the light fade from her eyes before she spoke again .
tr	NNS	He sounded irate , but there was something deliberate about his delivery as if he 'd chosen his words with great care .
tr	NN	Many years of daily use had the furniture properly worn and polished smooth of any splinters .
tr	NNS	Jamie clawed her fingernails down his back lightly , then clutched his ass and pulled him against her .
tr	NNS	I brushed past Vlad and headed for the staircase , not daring to look at Marty , either .
tr	NNS	Charming wanted her abilities and G.R. wanted her body and soul .
tr	NN	They attacked a cop .
tr	NN	Magical teleportation caused a ripple in the surrounding world .
tr	NN	Why else would Sir Richard hold her captive in such a manner ?
tr	NN	I found and checked my passport , packed my clothes and had gone shopping for a costume .
tr	NN	While Hector had discussed a little business with him down at the bar , Simon got the impression that he was just being polite .
tr	NN	I have a quota of articles I have to submit .
tr	NN	I hate this universe , both universes , life itself .
tr	NNS	Keep the tubes running , put sulphur in your socks and pay attention to your chest protector and you can laugh at anything !
tr	NNS	He circled his thumbs on her skin as he kissed her , then moved one hand to the warmth between her thighs .
tr	NN	' I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NNS	" Seth has seven broken ribs , a contusion to his brain , his -- " She stopped abruptly as she saw my fangs .
tr	NN	Angie fought the urge to step back .
tr	NN	Once she finishes writing she puts her pen down on the clipboard and then places them on her stool .
tr	NN	She had an endearing personality .
tr	NN	I pass his hip , his delicious , sexy hip .
tr	NNS	" I brought extra apples for lunch ; would you like them ? '
tr	NN	He restlessly checked his e-mail , but that kind of pathology took time .
tr	NN	She crossed her legs and gave him an intense glare , though as always , it didn 't have the effect she intended .
tr	NN	McCreary quickly radioed the relief pilot and updated him on the sudden turn of events .
tr	NN	I don 't protest his chivalry .
tr	NNS	I can hear gulping noises from his throat as he swallows a generous helping of my wine .
tr	NNS	" Hide his abilities ? "
tr	NN	When a player makes a particular move on the chessboard , he or she enters a parallel universe , which is set in medieval times .
tr	NNS	When my couriers see you they 'll make the proper arrangements .
tr	NN	For a moment , Alexa caught a glimpse of regret shimmering from Maggie 's eyes .
tr	NNS	" Pomeroy and his ' concepts . ' "
tr	NNS	I 'd heard tales of cars that miraculously kept going even though the fuel gauge had hit rock bottom : some kind of ghost in the machine .
tr	NN	Allie 's daughter had chocolate smeared on her face and was grinning from ear to ear .
tr	NN	She bit down hard on her lip , the urge to either laugh or cry very strong .
tr	NN	Eduard took the vial and slipped it into one of his pockets .
tr	NNS	" Gather your wits together , fool ! "
tr	NN	6 When Claire opened her eyes and saw the sun creeping around the corners of her blinds , she pulled her extra pillow over her head .
tr	NN	The way he said it this time , well , every syllable of it had the finality of goodbye .
tr	NNS	Leaning back , he made shushing noises and looked over at his wife .
tr	NN	How do you eat an elephant ?
tr	NN	Ian was about two years older than Dorian and was also a much better swordsman , but Dorian was not a sort to give up .
tr	NN	Mrs. Chandler was carrying a long purple umbrella on one hand and a brown shoulder bag on the other as she walked past Luna .
tr	NNS	Do you have classes together ?
tr	NN	* * * Downstairs making to sit , Danny 's backside only just touched the sofa when Amy stepped into the living room .
tr	NN	Glancing round , he swallowed a lump in his throat .
tr	NN	He will make a good ally .
tr	NN	She strolled around the balcony and held out her hands to the shaggy animal .
tr	NNS	He needs peers who know what he can do and understand him better because of it .
tr	NN	Her kindness and charity almost masked the unpleasant undertone to her scent , but there it was , lurking in the background like a serpent .
tr	NN	The men with the harp had abandoned the instrument and were now climbing inside a lifeboat .
tr	NNS	Inside the store , we got all the supplies Nick needed and then some .
tr	NN	" And what lesson is that , old man ? "
tr	NN	He had no intent on running out on his friend , but he had bigger priorities at the moment .
tr	NN	Looking over the site of the mine they found a large throng busily putting up tables and cooking various items over bonfires .
tr	NNS	It went down two more floors into the basement .
tr	NNS	We 'd burned witches and enslaved Fae , and basically became what monsters told scary stories about .
tr	NN	The food , however , lacked any measure of the common touch .
tr	NNS	With Sasha missing , Yuri needed allies on American soil .
tr	NNS	Nash held out the cigarettes and the lighter as if he was offering glass beads to a native chief .
tr	NN	Mulberry reached into the bag , found a napkin , and vigorously wiped the wrong side of his face .
tr	NNS	What more proof did we need ?
tr	NNS	They had families and lived in Kerner or started farming .
tr	NNS	" San Diego News has just confirmed reports from the southwest regional water management division that the basin for the Colorado River has run dry .
tr	NN	They left the apartment block and made their way to the nearby train station .
tr	NNS	I pressed my palms against my thighs but my hands were shaking , so I quickly clasped them together .
tr	NN	I was just pouring a mouthful into the cap when it slipped from my fingers , tumbling to the carpeted floor .
tr	NN	I MAKE THE TIME .
tr	NNS	No , instead , he slides his palms up the outsides of my calves to my knees where he stops .
tr	NNS	The big man could hit targets far out of range of any of the village archers .
tr	NN	It will cause you great harm .
tr	NNS	They could have just swapped houses . '
tr	NN	Judge Fawcett had the status .
tr	NNS	He tossed the pages to the floor and hurried out of bed .
tr	NN	And Garrett didn 't need the extra hassle anyway .
tr	NNS	Scattered candles provided pockets of light .
tr	NN	Collapsing on top of her , Patrick licked her nipple feeling the stirring begin in his groin .
tr	NNS	The chained , flaming cauldron landed inches away from his face .
tr	NNS	I called the hospitals and the jail too .
tr	NN	" Give me the short version . "
tr	NN	I can 't abandon my vigil . "
tr	NN	Obviously , she had not grasped the seriousness of their situation , and either hadn 't made the call , or had somehow botched it .
tr	NNS	My mom carried our cups of coffee into the living room .
tr	NN	Everyone looked up the pier .
tr	NNS	" You cut off his balls ? "
tr	NNS	She had seventeen new requests to chat .
tr	NN	If the book is so smart , why would it set an impossible task ? "
tr	NNS	" We have many lovely T-shirts . "
tr	NN	Albert turned off the autopilot , awakened the Perkins Brothers , and furled the sails .
tr	NNS	That would leave some marks .
tr	NNS	We 'll move chairs around , shift the pool table , unplug the jukebox .
tr	NN	I 'll always have ready advice for you to take or ignore . "
tr	NN	She tossed her napkin on the table .
tr	NN	At the doorway , Romulus slammed the iron knocker and waited .
tr	NN	He suddenly knew a different hunger , a different thirst .
tr	NN	Next week , he would be taking the college entrance exam , but he knew he already would get placement .
tr	NN	As ever , his greedy , little queen wanted his cock .
tr	NNS	The sign over the door showed a deer with forked antlers .
tr	NNS	Chapter Ten On a snowy late November afternoon in 2005 , I was putting away the dishes , and Megan screamed in the bathroom .
tr	NN	She laid the scroll on the ground and carefully unrolled it .
tr	NN	They retrieved their equipment and took off .
tr	NNS	It will mean frequent rests though , and progress will be very slow .
tr	NN	He eases a boot on the bar rail .
tr	NN	I have been kept a virtual captive in my room almost since the gardener was dismissed .
tr	NNS	I did not see specifics , Nathan .
tr	NN	I had only one option , and that was to follow the Jeeps that I 'd already seen going back up the mountain .
tr	NN	At sunset , they shone gold , lilac , and orange , though they softened to indigo and mauve by twilight .
tr	NN	" You really don 't have any faith in me do you ? "
tr	NN	But , the loud music of the song drowns out his tune .
tr	NNS	It was nothing fancy , thick slabs of prime rib with wild rice and steamed vegetables with chocolate dipped strawberries for dessert .
tr	NNS	I gave the valet fifty bucks not to have it towed and told him to call me if anyone gets in it . "
tr	NN	" You 've experienced the most intimate mixing of human and demon .
tr	NN	He unscrewed the cap on one of the containers and steam mushroomed into the air .
tr	NN	Cameron ignored the throng around him and pulled Ainsley into his arms .
tr	NN	" I 've met the suspect socially . "
tr	NN	Maybe they needed privacy to open the crate .
tr	NNS	" By entering into this union , you pool your strengths and shore your weaknesses .
tr	NNS	They 'd help immensely .
tr	NN	" How do I get an email sent directly to you ?
tr	NN	I better get my butt in gear if I 'm going to beat Jared to the house and claim that downstairs bedroom .
tr	NNS	Brick housing tenements in some areas and a few miles away powerful men called the shots for the mightiest and most influential nation in history .
tr	NN	But this window also had a drawn curtain .
tr	NN	Sally did not own an aircraft , but was moving from Tucson to the Marine Air Force base in Yuma .
tr	NNS	That created all sorts of additional complications .
tr	NN	She flipped up a small plastic covering in the center console between the two front seats and pushed a round , red button .
tr	NN	We have a responsibility to seek out the source of the Dark , and try to destroy it .
tr	NNS	I didn 't see any animals no birds , no squirrels .
tr	NN	Maybe you 're hiding the chocolate in your pants . "
tr	NNS	It could tip the scales in any conflict .
tr	NN	Her kindness and charitable nature really had an effect on me .
tr	NNS	Savannah resisted his efforts and trotted around him , lured by the wild call .
tr	NNS	Charlotte 's dearest friends crowded the front pews , wearing red hats and purple boas .
tr	NN	As he was testing out the software and network connection , he inadvertently opened up a confidential research file .
tr	NN	She arched a pointed glare at us .
tr	NNS	Man smokes for thirty-five years , then wants millions for his estate after he kills himself . "
tr	NNS	The man gives us a thumbs up and climbs into his truck .
tr	NN	The female who 'd bewitched him to the point of dropping everything to search for her like a Were in heat .
tr	NNS	Even worse , she 'd felt her nipples hardening into prominent nubs , possibly becoming visible underneath the snug fit of the cashmere sweater .
tr	NNS	" But long term , it could save millions of dollars . "
tr	NN	You can have my Spyder . "
tr	NNS	It did wonders for an aspiring author 's ego .
tr	NNS	They did have good corn dogs there .
tr	NN	Sitting on the shoreline , she had the weirdest sensation that Ryan was nearby .
tr	NN	I held my brownie suspended in mid-air .
tr	NNS	Make the arrangements over the phone . "
tr	NN	Tolland pulled a bouquet of white lilies from behind his back .
tr	NN	Devon gripped the menu she was holding as tightly as she could , so she wouldn 't snap back at Amy .
tr	NNS	She 'd loved the casual performances , but mostly she 'd loved watching the entertainment from the vantage point of his arms .
tr	NN	John immediately started chase as I threw my body into his and we went crashing into the brick .
tr	NNS	Don 't blame yourselves .
tr	NNS	They were touching foreheads .
tr	NN	Despite what sounded like delicious plans for the evening , I continued my chase .
tr	NNS	We jettisoned the golf balls early on because we found they caused bruises and fractured cheekbones .
tr	NN	" You have talent , Phoenix .
tr	NN	Nicholas carried a small brown leather handbag .
tr	NN	She toed an itch on the back of her calf .
tr	NNS	They didn 't want outsiders butting in either , though they welcomed the new business .
tr	NN	And anyone with training could fake a seizure .
tr	NN	Well , keep a lid on it and don 't be snooping around without hearing from me , unless it is very important . "
tr	NN	And it 's wreaking havoc .
tr	NNS	He put his face inches from mine .
tr	NN	Broken lab equipment , overturned metal benches and scraps of paper gave mute testimony to the violence of whatever had occurred in the shelter twenty-two years earlier .
tr	NN	He is giving you very good advice on the matter . "
tr	NN	Dumping him unceremoniously in a corner near the door , she opened up his armour .
tr	NN	The sky grew paler : it was soon rather primrose than gold .
tr	NNS	I had joined the ranks .
tr	NN	Their relationship had so captured Marley 's imagination that it 'd been all she could talk about for weeks .
tr	NN	Jane couldn 't suppress the yawn .
tr	NNS	" I have several designs here for different stages of a pregnancy .
tr	NN	The sky glows a light purple .
tr	NN	Maybe she 'd flicked the butt into his Excursion by accident .
tr	NN	Soon we will have the festival of unleavened bread and I want to go to the Temple .
tr	NNS	There came snarls from the other females .
tr	NN	She could smell the fresh scent of rain , feel the electricity of recent lightning , the trapped vitality of the storm all around her .
tr	NNS	" They will add layers to your already heavy set of credentials that Marielle will supply the orphanage -- and its new head . "
tr	NN	One contained a very large grand piano and she wondered who played .
tr	NN	" They have a confession , Fran . "
tr	NNS	The clinic 's high-tech operating theater would put most hospitals to shame .
tr	NNS	It gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	Even in the dim light from the bedroom and the sparse light from the moon , he could see the terror on her lovely face .
tr	NNS	Let 's put the Forum issues and Brady 's threats on hold .
tr	NNS	She grasped his thick biceps and turned him .
tr	NN	She massaged her temple , aware of a vague sense of weary disappointment .
tr	NNS	At night the wind blows their fires out and they huddle together in the rain .
tr	NN	Lily had removed her wrap and started toward the water .
tr	NNS	He flattens his palms in the air .
tr	NN	" You killed a cop ! "
tr	NN	No one even considers the possibility he can weave . "
tr	NN	The high pitch and speed of the words belied her sincerity , and for some reason that bothered the hell out of him .
tr	NNS	Ion remembered the mystical spells that the other two had told him of which were meant to keep the structure 's build untarnished .
tr	NNS	They 'd dropped close to five hundred bucks each without batting an eye .
tr	NN	Harding a famous writer ?
tr	NN	Other friends of mine had gotten a promotion , or moved from one prestigious job to the next .
tr	NN	" Like a psychologist ? "
tr	NNS	It does not do the supper dishes , thou .
tr	NNS	The thing watched his movements , tracking him like prey .
tr	NNS	And whether he admitted it or not , Dorian had his own obligations to fulfill .
tr	NN	At some point , the ranch got a reputation for being a good place to send teens whose parents felt they were headed down the wrong path .
tr	NN	That 'll work a treat .
tr	NN	They acknowledged the chief , and some women took the deer to another fire and dressed them .
tr	NNS	Instinctively Solange changed directions .
tr	NN	We don 't carry any crap in our store . "
tr	NNS	The air clung to me like tiny icicles as I started climbing hill .
tr	NN	He had adopted an Americanized version of his Korean name , like many other Asian men in America , and went by Sam Young .
tr	NNS	We 've gotten a few leads from the warehouse , but it 'll take some time to track all the women down .
tr	NN	Jamie does a fist pump .
tr	NN	Urgency clouded his relaxed demeanor .
tr	NN	Wren cast a scathing glare at the woman , then escorted Marguerite downstairs to the back door .
tr	NN	' Can I borrow your pen ? '
tr	NNS	Chapter Eleven Savannah wiped her sweating palms on her shorts as she paused outside her mother 's room .
tr	NN	I already had one vote against me with James .
tr	NNS	He pulled his goggles down over his eyes and opened his mouth to call to Dave , but he was nowhere in sight .
tr	NN	" Oh crap ! "
tr	NNS	I took the melted candles while he grabbed the blanket .
tr	NNS	The Frenchwoman might build a massive octopus and terrorize a city , but that had been because someone kidnapped her own child .
tr	NN	On the other side of the valley they could see an encampment , with dark dots of people moving around and the shapes of vehicles .
tr	NNS	He puffed out breaths while cracking his knuckles .
tr	NNS	She carefully peeled the peppers off the wax paper , before popping them in her mouth .
tr	NNS	A couple of students throw paper airplanes as soon as Mrs. Vogt 's back is turned .
tr	NN	She was wearing a sleeveless blouse .
tr	NNS	I brushed off the self doubts and answered her question .
tr	NNS	The others closed ranks around him and looked to their leader for orders .
tr	NNS	Too many of the men had joined the French traders in their love of wine , and the consequences were ugly indeed .
tr	NN	You can give her advice .
tr	NN	Matthew heard his campaign manager suck in air faster than a dehydrated person gulped down water .
tr	NN	Have not brought me a bouquet of fragrant flowers ?
tr	NN	Had I actually won the argument ?
tr	NNS	She had unexpectedly exotic breasts that hung and then swelled upwards .
tr	NN	She rubbed the foaming cloth around my back , between my shoulder blades .
tr	NN	" Use the statue to break it down . "
tr	NN	Could he ever deserve the faith she had in him ?
tr	NNS	Simon and Miriam both let their breaths out at the same moment .
tr	NNS	There , you will learn proven techniques that will greatly enhance the use of your power . "
tr	NN	" Kids have the worst timing . "
tr	NN	You guys an item ? "
tr	NN	It has a fitted bodice with a low neckline that reveals a hint of cleavage .
tr	NNS	What if somehow Angelina had escaped her captors and fled into the forest ?
tr	NNS	He darted into the vast shadow of it , the spider skimming the floor less than five yards behind .
tr	NNS	" By Officials . "
tr	NN	" I hate poetry ! "
tr	NN	" Alright , you two , have a blast . "
tr	NNS	We exchanged hugs in the parking lot , and I sent her home to Wicker Park and the waiting arms of a green-eyed sorcerer .
tr	NNS	Pringle was always busting someone 's balls .
tr	NN	Now your father ascended the throne , and the Kingdom falters .
tr	NNS	I carried the two pages over to Van Johnson 's bungalow .
tr	NN	Gary pressed his horn .
tr	NN	He 'd memorized the testimony .
tr	NNS	We give them numbers to differentiate them .
tr	NN	Bjorn tipped back the horn .
tr	NNS	" I ... " I saw a few items lying on my bed .
tr	NNS	Once he was through , the men hurriedly replaced the panels , thereby closing the fence behind the woman .
tr	NN	The sun means health , and happiness and warmth .
tr	NNS	I grabbed my knives from the floor , and a blade to the giant 's heart ended his struggles and misery .
tr	NN	Paul rammed his hip against the elevator door and shoved with all his might , the claw trapped between the twin rectangles of heavy steel .
tr	NN	She swept the net through the water .
tr	NNS	I knew the basics of this game and could scratch a small profit if I concentrated on good strategy .
tr	NN	In some parts of the world they may be considered a delicacy , but she could not bring herself to try them .
tr	NNS	As Nate gently brought his lips to mine , I finally allowed my inhibitions to slip away on a wave of warmth and tranquility .
tr	NNS	When his eyes were used to the darkness around him , he saw two figures struggling on the port side .
tr	NNS	He flips a few pages .
tr	NNS	He searched the mattress in the darkness .
tr	NN	I eyed her skeptically , and she added , " It won 't hurt . "
tr	NN	He let out a groan .
tr	NN	The air had a sweaty , humid quality to it , and every few seconds a flash popped .
tr	NN	I donned a scowl , and began squeezing my way through the throngs of people .
tr	NN	Beside him lay a chamber rifle , strange as it seemed Endo had become very good at firing the weapon and now carried one wherever he went .
tr	NNS	" Deer smell the wolves coming .
tr	NNS	I 'll check their surveillance tapes tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	Damn , he made plain white T-shirts a thing to worship .
tr	NN	Within minutes the boys had attached the sail , loading water and other provisions onto the boat .
tr	NN	" Like the clock ? "
tr	NN	I didn 't deserve the saving - Now Elena felt a smal sob choke her .
tr	NN	I smiled weakly and shyly , dreading where our conversation was heading to .
tr	NN	Maya had pleaded exhaustion and gone to her room just to get out of the sight of her mother and sisters before the tears came .
tr	NN	Sebastian released another bolt .
tr	NNS	Not that I doubted my abilities , but I couldn 't risk missing a single part of his exchange .
tr	NN	She did not see an electrical discharge at all this time , but instead saw a flash of something else in the fading sunlight .
tr	NN	The waves of darkness and bodies blocked out all manner of light from where I had landed , and hope suddenly seemed an entire universe away .
tr	NN	He gives a shrug .
tr	NNS	The guys pulled up chairs for them as I pulled Ellery on my lap .
tr	NNS	The reappearance of the light had re-established my compass .
tr	NNS	I filled three plates with the salad and then went out to see what she was looking at .
tr	NNS	His hands in my hair , I could feel his gentle movements , his hips , his back . '
tr	NNS	" I 'll leave the peanuts and the beer here .
tr	NNS	They wrote down Lena 's numbers under the shine of my flashlight .
tr	NNS	Was I attributing more insidious motives to him than he deserved ?
tr	NNS	" She didn 't like politics ? "
tr	NN	' Because it is self-abuse and a sin .
tr	NNS	He pressed his thumbs into her arch and onto the ball of her foot , the oil and his touch easing tension .
tr	NNS	" You sent those forms to Mahler 's ! "
tr	NNS	Her sensors soaked up data .
tr	NN	And then I catch one glimpse of Vincent 's back .
tr	NNS	She haunted the restaurants and clubs that had music bars .
tr	NNS	I 've always liked cats . "
tr	NNS	I 'd say deer meat or rabbit has been dragged in here by a bear . "
tr	NN	Since she had no plans of doing that anytime soon , she tested the balcony until she felt certain it was safe enough .
tr	NNS	" Strange visions and messages .
tr	NN	He placed one shoe on her desk , but kept the other black leather pump cupped in his hand .
tr	NNS	A few minutes later , they reached the satellite offices .
tr	NNS	She bared sharp little fangs and spat , " You left me in bed to come down here to play with some dirty street skank ? "
tr	NNS	Heather climbed down the bleachers .
tr	NNS	" A magician never reveals her tricks . "
tr	NN	" I 'd advise the latter .
tr	NNS	The driver shook the reins , and the Summer entourage was off , growing smaller and smaller , until the darkness swallowed them up .
tr	NNS	Blood sprayed out , wet drops hitting me across the face .
tr	NNS	He brought her all the early spring blossoms and especially those he noticed she preferred when she walked out in the woods .
tr	NNS	He nodded , wariness in his dark eyes .
tr	NNS	And so thought the gentlemen of the Press , too , on seeing them appear in Court that morning .
tr	NN	As soon as she handed over her cash , Danni regretted the purchase .
tr	NN	He doesn 't have closure .
tr	NNS	" You hadn 't laid out your stupid conditions when I ... when I thought of Grandfather 's shop .
tr	NN	" Luci , get off the swing .
tr	NNS	The readers can view these photographs for themselves and make their own conclusions .
tr	NNS	" Your father is taking bribes , Rachel .
tr	NN	He might not shout and pitch a fortune in crystal and dishes but he felt things .
tr	NNS	" Well then you 've got two missing gentlemen and one missing lady .
tr	NN	Soon the police would notice the disturbance , but he didn 't care .
tr	NN	Then , Oliver Cromwell , with his wound dressed , assumed command of the entire battle and cut the leaderless royalist army to bits .
tr	NNS	Just once , he wanted his actions to have a positive and lasting impact on the future .
tr	NNS	Put all the fears of ' what if ' on silent , and just do it .
tr	NN	Faster and faster , making her dizzy .
tr	NN	I give you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul and my body .
tr	NN	" Girl , you need a cocktail or something !
tr	NN	Lindy 's fingers wiped away the condensation on the outside of her glass .
tr	NNS	For the first time , I linked his chuckling fits with the laughter of the woman in the exercise yard .
tr	NN	That night your father gave me a document for safekeeping in a sealed envelope .
tr	NN	He struck a chord .
tr	NNS	To navigate the rapids of an international gathering , bridge differences , meet disparate expectations ?
tr	NN	Instead , he carefully unwound the whip , checking each knot of lead as he went .
tr	NN	She didn 't want a cute fireman seeing her without her face on .
tr	NNS	To speed development of woods and plains , they drenched such areas with acid rains .
tr	NN	Then I see JJ , who walks right up and grabs my elbow .
tr	NN	Your actions must never bring harm upon us - direct or indirect .
tr	NN	I swallowed my unease .
tr	NNS	Just keep in mind , the government no longer serves its citizens but has been bought by big business .
tr	NN	For Danny , it is like visiting a neighborhood where he once lived .
tr	NNS	I 'll give you the pencils and the baseball cards I got last week for the Hershey Bar . "
tr	NNS	Seen any ghosts in the house ? "
tr	NNS	The fairies fell off the wires in a shower of brown clumps .
tr	NN	And now I get the silent treatment .
tr	NN	I was thinking stew , but we always have stew huh ? "
tr	NN	The conductor had brought a pen and paper .
tr	NNS	As Eve headed toward the elevators , she noted the limestone floors and pointed arch facades that surrounded the brass elevator doors .
tr	NNS	We followed the white bricks as they curved gently around a long corridor .
tr	NN	I could feel the sound of metal scraping against metal and even in my barely awake state , it made my teeth clench .
tr	NNS	Walking into the dining hall alone , Kylie felt everyone 's stares and knew they were all twitching like crazy checking out her brain pattern .
tr	NNS	Savitar scares the gods so much that they won 't even speak his name for fear of drawing his attention to them .
tr	NNS	Like your actions . "
tr	NN	Perry heard Aria 's yell , just as the glint of steel flashed in the corner of his eye .
tr	NNS	He 'd noticed different families tended to cook meals together when it involved the stove as it made better use of the fuel .
tr	NN	" I 'll make sure Mason makes your car a priority . "
tr	NNS	Since Wilhelmina wasn 't directly related to Leland and Alexandra , Robert 's preference had overruled their objections .
tr	NNS	" Do you feel nauseous ?
tr	NNS	Hands boasted red cups and bottles , too loud voices and too loud music thumping against Aly 's little car as we slowly passed by .
tr	NN	Sorry , I needed an opener .
tr	NN	He couldn 't see anybody in the train that was looking out .
tr	NNS	Six beady black eyes , bristly legs , and massive jaws that ended in curved , pointed fangs .
tr	NNS	He had noticed their reactions to the idea of a spaghetti sauce cannery .
tr	NNS	" Since they ate the dinosaurs .
tr	NNS	She 'd followed my directions to the letter : the champagne was chilling , the candles were lit , and the blindfold was in place .
tr	NNS	He slid his thumbs over my cheeks and stared deeply into my eyes , right before his lips brushed over mine , so gently that I shivered .
tr	NNS	A town that welcomed you back today with open arms and home made scones . '
tr	NN	He paid the waitress and poured us each a glass .
tr	NNS	" Are you two telling jokes about our Elf friend escorting us ?
tr	NN	He sent the basket thanking the artist for coming and notes that he left a costume with Harry for the masquerade .
tr	NN	" I take it the truce is over . "
tr	NN	The ogre 's stench almost choked the knight as it swung another blow at him .
tr	NN	Who is the creepy guy holding the jar who doesn 't talk ? "
tr	NNS	" I will cancel all your credit cards . "
tr	NNS	" Back on Domus land , Landon and I stashed our supplies here before coming to rescue you . "
tr	NN	Had they stepped a toe across the gate entrance while they held both sides of the gate open ?
tr	NNS	Johnnie squeezed Jess , and locked his arms around her .
tr	NN	I couldn 't hold a tune .
tr	NNS	And of course police have set up road blocks and searches on all routes out of Paris . '
tr	NN	She set her sewing in a basket .
tr	NNS	Both were losing ships at steady rate .
tr	NNS	You know , secretaries , clerks , and such ? "
tr	NNS	He had some powers , which made him much stronger and predominant over every human being .
tr	NNS	Human holders of the position have , individually , fixed terms , but ' the Chairman ' always exists . "
tr	NN	In his hand he held a wooden flute with silver buttons .
tr	NNS	I just need be summoning the energy snakes .
tr	NNS	I needed the ingredients for the crazy werewolf 's potion , like yesterday .
tr	NN	I must secure equipment and personnel !
tr	NNS	I can change targets and speed if necessary . "
tr	NN	He made a fortune in land development .
tr	NNS	She angled her chopsticks into the carton of pad thai , dug out some noodles and took a bite .
tr	NN	Though my hometown is just sixty miles away , I have only one regular visitor .
tr	NN	They all studied the document for a few minutes , and seemed to be in general agreement .
tr	NN	Arriving at the front door , she saw no doorbell or door knocker .
tr	NNS	Lou gives Krista the shots herself . "
tr	NN	Why the other day she had me hauling water for her , saying Max drank the supply she left on her step .
tr	NN	As we climbed up the steps , I saw the statue of Themis and almost laughed .
tr	NNS	That also limits my powers .
tr	NN	That choosing between Nephilim and fallen angels was a no-brainer ?
tr	NNS	I love the pink clouds .
tr	NNS	" I may have faced down Napoleon 's armies , but I know better than to cross Mrs. Reynolds when her mind is made up .
tr	NN	He said them aloud to show her he was seriously staking his claim .
tr	NN	She appreciated the patience he demonstrated and how he explained every step so she wouldn 't be frightened .
tr	NNS	Gumshoe and Shotgun gave him blank stares , and Shotgun shrugged .
tr	NN	If they 're lucky and the owner is in a good mood , they might get pizza and beer after the game .
tr	NNS	You can 't take chances like that .
tr	NN	" Go C " She completed the command by describing an impossible act of masturbation .
tr	NN	roared the announcer in his microphone .
tr	NNS	First the clothing , then his attempts at soothing her fears , and now this dream studio .
tr	NN	I hadn 't even considered that possibility .
tr	NN	What if I break your lovely cock ? "
tr	NN	Whoever said one-night stands were supposed to be simple with no strings attached had clearly never met the disaster that was me .
tr	NNS	She has skills that will support her anywhere .
tr	NNS	He deserves swings and birthday parties . "
tr	NN	She 'd learned that lesson at sixteen .
tr	NN	A lifelong love , a beautiful condo with a view of the lake , a Porsche Cayenne , and this . "
tr	NN	Each character has a numerical code between 0 and 255 .
tr	NNS	She had purchased three porterhouse steaks and had apparently torn into the packaging on the way home .
tr	NNS	She does not blink her eyelashes as more tears flow down her neck then sideways absorbing into her soft T-shirt .
tr	NN	" If you had been there , you would never doubt my conviction to see these monsters destroyed .
tr	NN	Jamie tossed the paper towel .
tr	NNS	' Buy yourself some ribbons or something ' No !
tr	NN	In this woman , he 'd found that same elusive contentment .
tr	NNS	" I have sulfur blocks that we can light and throw in front of them .
tr	NN	' I don 't know babe . '
tr	NN	Mother took responsibility for everything , as far as I know , and I left with but one phone call goodbye to Cecil a week later .
tr	NN	I 'd provide an assistant , but I 'm hoping that they 'll do that for you .
tr	NN	We start up the hill , sliding in the mud .
tr	NN	Rage blew apart caution .
tr	NN	I undo my rowdy ponytail and my hair cascades down my back .
tr	NNS	I yanked my boxers to the floor before pulling her thong down and watching her kick it off with her feet .
tr	NN	Also , do not browse the collection .
tr	NN	However , unless we come upon a tragic boating accident involving a flock of Rockefellers , you won 't have your Louis Vuitton handbag anytime soon . "
tr	NNS	She then gathered the broken bits of rubble into one of the ancient sheets and took them out into the hall , where she had more room .
tr	NN	Since he is part of my family here , I must take responsibility for him .
tr	NN	" Yeah , well ... " Her frustration bubbled a little hotter , a little thicker .
tr	NN	She hadn 't even considered that possibility .
tr	NN	She had the capacity for this and had let me grow up on microwave meals .
tr	NN	" You want ice cream ? "
tr	NN	What harm is there in trying ? "
tr	NN	The new growth combined with the old dead wood created an odd effect .
tr	NNS	Aurelius had gotten the photographs back .
tr	NN	Reaching into the glove box , she removed Boone 's pistol .
tr	NNS	Without hesitation , he kicked off his threadbare sandals .
tr	NN	The Devil himself cannot do more harm to us than we do to ourselves . '
tr	NN	Rainier made a gesture that included the horse and cart .
tr	NN	Then I was flown backward , my body smashing on the window pane .
tr	NN	After this , came a castle and a princess with pink hair .
tr	NN	Neil hit speed dial with one hand and placed the Tarzana feed onto his big screen .
tr	NNS	A mage must replenish his awesome powers sometime . "
tr	NN	The girls stroked the dragon for a long while , reveling in its powerful beauty .
tr	NNS	I 'm falling backwards .
tr	NN	Chloe received proof of the deposit and then quickly left for the hospital .
tr	NNS	Next , she collected her supplies and gave thanks that she 'd traveled into the neighboring village a few days past to replenish her meager stock .
tr	NN	After I put it by the sink , I got a wad of paper towels to mop up the spilled coffee .
tr	NNS	Dahlia worked out the numbers that corresponded to those tumbler positions , and entered them into the digital keypad .
tr	NNS	" When her labor starts , she will have contractions .
tr	NNS	I had no doubts that Nicodemus would kill me , as he had Gaston LaRouche , Francisca Garcia , and that poor bastard Butters had cut into .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to loosen his stomach and continued to trudge along the pathway .
tr	NNS	" Can we get more meetings ? "
tr	NNS	" It has some issues with people .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness . "
tr	NNS	He also closed the blinds , leaving the interior dimly lit despite the time of day .
tr	NNS	Ditto the dirty dishes and stacks of pizza boxes -- they crept over every inch of free space in the living room .
tr	NNS	I will also give you seeds to plant here . "
tr	NNS	I used her terms .
tr	NNS	We have baptized new members by the tens of thousands , and churches are opening every day .
tr	NNS	" Bat their eyelashes when they want sex . "
tr	NN	If so , they risked capture by the Spanish , or murder by this or some other tribe on the way south or on the way back .
tr	NNS	The floor beneath them had lost its coalescing designs and instead gained a pattern of parallel lines , forming streets .
tr	NN	His finger brushed a strand of my hair away from my eyes , but then he pulled back as if he 'd felt a shock .
tr	NN	Unlocking the driver 's door , she threw her briefcase inside , slid behind the steering wheel and closed her eyes .
tr	NN	Shirley didn 't have the patience to cook .
tr	NNS	I find bugs as meals revolting . "
tr	NN	He 'd sworn loyalty .
tr	NNS	" There , you 'll meet my sisters and you 'll officially be accepted into the Dynasty . "
tr	NNS	He had long eyelashes , and they were twitching .
tr	NN	Relationships , connections , links and associations would gradually illuminate the delicate design .
tr	NNS	He wanted her thumbs to tease and flick her dark nipples , bring them to a heated peak in anticipation of his hot mouth suckling strongly .
tr	NN	He knew the vendor .
tr	NN	" I have a promotion to report . "
tr	NNS	" Take up your complaints with the Almighty . "
tr	NN	The man was wearing war paint and had provisions for several more days .
tr	NNS	She screamed out blistering obscenities , berating the guards for standing in her way , for interfering with her plans , as they tried to subdue her .
tr	NN	I understood Ash 's reluctance .
tr	NNS	If the helmet matches your brain impulses correctly , your new metal feet , knees and hydraulics should make the exact same movements .
tr	NNS	-- Jonas sarcasm was hitting her like needles in the air .
tr	NNS	" She had some errands to run .
tr	NNS	And you can 't apply your human expectations to it . "
tr	NN	I grabbed a pen from the desk and scribbled the address on my hand .
tr	NNS	Restaurants lined the lower floors inside each building , and we went through six before we found one willing to place us on a waiting list .
tr	NNS	At first the emperor sent servants .
tr	NNS	I 'd better make tracks . "
tr	NNS	He utterly flaunts school regulations and seems to have nothing but contempt for his academics .
tr	NN	I felt a flood of pleasure at her words .
tr	NNS	The Children stopped 20 yards away from Mike and Terry , all taking aim .
tr	NNS	" Why they put all the coma patients in the same ward ? "
tr	NN	The woman dropped the telephone receiver .
tr	NNS	' Bit old fashioned , this kingdom of yours ? '
tr	NN	When Kylie stepped into the hall , she spotted the closet Jane had pulled her suitcase from .
tr	NNS	You have to believe me , " she said passionately .
tr	NNS	Bram approached the twins , looking from one to the other before he fixed his gaze on Ronan .
tr	NNS	You gain his powers . "
tr	NNS	Thank heavens he married Margaret . "
tr	NN	Cassidy put up the visor as they approached and pretended she hadn 't heard a word .
tr	NNS	She readjusted the frequencies and applied another filter .
tr	NNS	" Either way , you 're calling the shots . "
tr	NNS	But he didn 't trust witches and their ilk .
tr	NN	Okay , so he had a reputation around the squadron as a player .
tr	NNS	Girls , boys , twins , whatever your heart desires . "
tr	NNS	She could not temper or appease his desires .
tr	NN	For some reason it made her body tremble .
tr	NNS	We finally find our houses .
tr	NN	The Big Man still had the pistol in his hand .
tr	NNS	He had taken long walks .
tr	NN	Bea and George would mark the new era between the Morgans and the town by moving there .
tr	NNS	But this particular cave harbored dangers far outweighing natural ones and she didn 't want her companions anywhere near it .
tr	NNS	I can rip the numbers off a clock and watch the hour hand tick tick tick its final tock just before I fall asleep .
tr	NNS	I pull the reins until my horse goes over and follows suit .
tr	NNS	Every program had had photographs of Kayla , all of them showing a young , vibrant woman who was clearly in love .
tr	NN	I unscrewed the lid and tilted it upwards so the water would enter my mouth .
tr	NNS	After 17 years of fighting wildfires , and owning several businesses , he took up cattle ranching .
tr	NN	I could imagine Sandra Cheney 's chagrin when she realized her family wasn 't perfect enough for her perfect town .
tr	NNS	The dragon ornament at the head of the bow even contained large kerosene lamps for the added effect of fire-breathing .
tr	NN	I had his razor in my back pocket still , but I wasn 't sure that was what I wanted .
tr	NNS	They blew their whistles as they passed each other .
tr	NNS	Y ' all just make yourselves at home . "
tr	NN	As I was getting ready to close my eyes I caught a glimpse of him .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of a perfect hole in the pane of glass behind Hayden , radiating cracks .
tr	NN	She wrapped the cloth around her foot .
tr	NN	He nodded and touched his cap as usual , but added civilly , " Good evening , Miss Kirke . "
tr	NN	I bit back the urge to address the contradiction .
tr	NNS	The artisan stopped just long enough for His Majesty to speak , then redoubled his efforts at the lock .
tr	NN	Under his intense scrutiny , her black lashes made a downward sweep and she began to turn her face away .
tr	NN	He flexed an impressive bicep .
tr	NNS	I missed our rides together too .
tr	NN	Took possession of his mouth like a master .
tr	NNS	I could make out the numbers , just barely .
tr	NN	What the hel is a Beast of the Sea ? "
tr	NN	" Who needs an imagination when you can see ghosts ? "
tr	NN	" Take it easy , honey . "
tr	NNS	Tonight I bought condoms , and almost nothing else , with the boy I 'm planning to use them with .
tr	NNS	An awareness of pain shut off , a cold emptiness that glazed her eyes and froze her finger to the page .
tr	NN	" If you say that I took part in the hunt , it will lower my status .
tr	NN	Mike 's eyes moved to Tsubasa and Jon made the introduction .
tr	NN	" Have a little faith .
tr	NNS	" Can he make difficulties ? "
tr	NNS	I crack jokes at funerals and hit on women during earthquakes .
tr	NN	For one moment , Hank felt a pang of fear strike like a match inside his gut .
tr	NNS	I saw the silhouettes of two men standing over me .
tr	NNS	He picked up the plates and moved to a table beside the window .
tr	NN	He guided the craft into the cove , where they would be anchored for the next group , and fell in line behind a dozen other riders .
tr	NN	Everyone offered a prayer for the loss of their beloved friend .
tr	NNS	I patted my pockets , frantic and coming up empty .
tr	NN	The next moment my head hit the dashboard and I screamed .
tr	NN	She had a lump in her throat the size of a baseball .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , they possessed funds all over the globe , and even owned a string of banks under different names .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of Carter as I stood up .
tr	NN	Heart racing , he pulled the pistol from his pants and rested it on the window sill .
tr	NN	His arms were folded , his clothes filthy , his hair greasy , his face still showing signs of his burns .
tr	NN	Joe popped the lid off his mother 's warm cereal .
tr	NN	I toss the tape measure back toward Robbie 's feet .
tr	NNS	Her scent teased his senses , making it hard for him not to throw her to the ground and take what he wanted .
tr	NN	Shoving the splitters beneath the back seat , Cael locked the jeep and jogged over to the Porsche .
tr	NN	He tapped his temple and winked .
tr	NN	He understood the depth of her helplessness .
tr	NN	Mitch muttered , ' Well , that just about puts a brass cap on a great few days away . '
tr	NN	" I read your file .
tr	NN	After reluctantly departing from the warmth of his Hummer , he handed me my backpack and waited for me to put it on .
tr	NNS	Sweat ran down his temples , and he breathed as shallowly as if he 'd run a marathon uphill .
tr	NNS	So many ID cards .
tr	NNS	Instead of a squeak , the door emitted the fluttering sound of turned pages .
tr	NN	I entertained the possibility that I was just growing numb to it .
tr	NN	She couldn 't exactly make that claim .
tr	NNS	" Our first drop is coming , about a hundred yards ahead .
tr	NN	He recites poetry when he 's climaxing .
tr	NNS	They had no leads to follow besides the black car that Haven had seen driving away from her home when the fire started .
tr	NN	" Why are you two sitting here looking so glum ?
tr	NN	Colt grabbed the peanut butter out of his son 's hand .
tr	NNS	The devise holds numerous colored wires , a blinking circuit , and a small pair of scissors .
tr	NNS	I passed the mushrooms and a towel over .
tr	NN	" I 've got a treat for you ! "
tr	NN	" Maybe you need a massage .
tr	NN	He received a dangerous glare in return .
tr	NNS	People liked dogs and cats .
tr	NNS	He 's just finishing his reports at QT .
tr	NNS	In Soho we passed the flagship stores for Prada and Apple , and galleries with photographs of Bob Dylan and Audrey Hepburn .
tr	NN	" Don 't give anyone the impression that you 're used to better .
tr	NN	Luis was sucking Rob 's cock at the time .
tr	NNS	Then he noticed the dates .
tr	NN	You drive a hard bargain . "
tr	NN	I have some more gold coins magically concealed .
tr	NN	He doesn 't give her a salute .
tr	NN	His hands on her bare bottom cupped her firm muscles , began a slow , intimate massage , deliberately , wickedly enticing her .
tr	NN	I couldn 't help but share his dismay .
tr	NNS	" Billiard balls ? "
tr	NN	A round clipped my thigh , but adrenaline kept me going .
tr	NN	He swung the rack of them aside , broke open the next hatch , slipped through and dogged it behind him .
tr	NNS	He 'd made some deep connections .
tr	NN	She felt the death warrant being tugged out of her fingers .
tr	NN	Because you had a mental breakdown ? "
tr	NNS	" I 've made three thousand dollars so far today , and I 'm not even half through . "
tr	NNS	Inside , I found six pages from the novel I 'd last loaned to Kelvin .
tr	NNS	These people cover their tracks really well , and I 'm no private investigator , " he said , not expecting to get a response .
tr	NNS	We can use condoms until then . "
tr	NN	" You give me too much credit , Alfred .
tr	NNS	He is balancing two trays with his left arm , and his back pack and a bag of chips in the right .
tr	NNS	As they splashed across the icy stream , she could smell the terrified cattle .
tr	NNS	I like roses . "
tr	NN	It filled the valley .
tr	NN	" It 's ok , I know the owner .
tr	NN	His fingers weren ' t holding his pencil very tightly - having witnessed these events , he apparently didn 't see the need to take notes .
tr	NNS	I think then about the old woman , the visions she showed me .
tr	NN	He made a sweeping gesture over the many dead , " The rest of these fighters were little more than boys .
tr	NNS	Charlie watched my adjustments with pursed lips .
tr	NNS	The Triad had nearly two million members worldwide including San Francisco .
tr	NN	Our weapons , which had once only bent the physical world to our advantage , now changed fate and destiny as well .
tr	NN	His fingertips trailed down my hairline from middle part all the way to my right ear .
tr	NNS	" Since when has California worried much about earthquakes ?
tr	NNS	The flashes of light and sound prompted only slight involuntary twitches .
tr	NNS	It left cold emptiness in his soul .
tr	NNS	" Oh , you know , I 've got errands to run . "
tr	NN	Then , the torches touched the kindling , and fire , fierce and sweltering , burst upwards .
tr	NNS	If we do we don 't need the paper for now , later the bank and a solicitor can draw up whatever formal contracts we need . "
tr	NN	He lowered the towel , and she sucked in a breath .
tr	NNS	Each of you already have the largest apartments on the Station .
tr	NN	She handed me the umbrella .
tr	NN	Bride felt a bit awkward .
tr	NN	Just as he started pulling a leg out of his pants , a horrifying scream broke the tranquility of the sleeping room .
tr	NNS	The sky is raining bricks right into my skull .
tr	NNS	Standing , Marcus tossed more coals into the grate before glancing around the beautifully appointed bachelor quarters .
tr	NNS	Conversely , it can contain all sorts of unforeseen danger as well .
tr	NN	It just released a huff from everyone .
tr	NN	I trudged up the stairwell behind him and onto the second floor .
tr	NN	He 'd hung a Navajo rug above it instead of a painting .
tr	NN	" The point is , Clarence , you need more proof than that to convince me . "
tr	NN	When he picked up the carburetor to bolt it onto the crankcase he thoroughly studied its design and adjustment mechanism .
tr	NNS	Had he even heard the noises ?
tr	NN	Nay , no one knows what fate their feet pursue ; not even the oldest of the elves can discern the future .
tr	NN	Maybe someone , somewhere , was taking pity on me and giving me a breather .
tr	NNS	Danny rarely wore his nice suits , so he must have been in court today .
tr	NN	If you don 't , you know that brand spanking new lab and all your nice little employees ?
tr	NN	She didn 't want to abuse his willingness to help , but she also felt that time was of the essence .
tr	NN	It can 't do any harm . "
tr	NNS	Mack glanced over the figures and nodded .
tr	NNS	Fallon opened his senses again .
tr	NN	Slowly , I walked down the narrow passageway .
tr	NNS	I thanked the ... dragon for reminding me what blood was for .
tr	NNS	We have had the dogs ever since I can remember , and no one has left the compound except for Leo , and Leo hates the dogs .
tr	NN	I twisted the knob and tugged hysterically , but the door would not open .
tr	NNS	Chloe has never hindered my communicative capabilities .
tr	NNS	" This will be your room for the time being , " Jane instructed the two sisters .
tr	NN	His shirt fit his athletic frame as if it was made for him , and his jeans hung low on his narrow waist .
tr	NN	He 'd learned that lesson too late .
tr	NN	Around the stone , were seating places for the tribes , each tribe had their own stone marker and a flag , bearing their insignia .
tr	NN	Kylie had no sooner turned back when she felt another pair of eyes on her , only a different kind of feeling tiptoed up her spine .
tr	NNS	At the age of five , he could name all the planets of our solar system and their surrounding moons .
tr	NN	" Then why does she want revenge against the Greek gods and not her own ? "
tr	NN	Charging over one last sand dune , the Arbiter 's Grounds rises into view , and the nightmarish emanations do not bode well .
tr	NN	She dropped the scroll and grabbed his hands .
tr	NN	" Does he have this precise location ? "
tr	NN	The brief flash of memory left her dizzy .
tr	NN	Ignore this lust , blood and otherwise .
tr	NNS	" Hello , " his voice shook the pans on the wall .
tr	NN	Without asking , she opened the refrigerator and brought out a big pitcher of lemonade , lemon slices floating on top .
tr	NNS	" Oh honey , I can 't even count the first dates I 've been on with the eligible men in this community .
tr	NN	Then we began digging the sandstone out .
tr	NNS	I need items . "
tr	NNS	If she tracked him too easily it would arouse her suspicions .
tr	NN	They will use all the modern technology they can come up with - cameras , videos . "
tr	NN	" Without the intervention of accepted scientific medicine . "
tr	NNS	I had no texts or calls so I put it into my pocket and I went to my car to head to work .
tr	NN	" It 'll spell disaster for the other one , surely .
tr	NN	" The courts have given Kyle temporary custody .
tr	NNS	" Don 't forget chocolates .
tr	NNS	He put the compass down on the table and used both his hands to hold his aching head .
tr	NNS	" But really , sir ... your students ?
tr	NN	" You don 't like the spurting ?
tr	NNS	I have great fears for our safety . "
tr	NN	A fisherman brought a basket of fresh fish for a change .
tr	NNS	Mackie was always quiet in a social setting , at least in one involving whites .
tr	NN	He eased the Jag to a halt behind the truck and switched off the engine .
tr	NNS	She rubbed sweaty palms on the cargo pants she was wearing and walked into the room .
tr	NN	Ice kept his expression impassive , fairly certain what the other boy wanted to say .
tr	NN	Paul admired the contrast in directions .
tr	NN	I 'll order the pizza . "
tr	NN	Norman heard his feet padding on the carpet , heard the constant hum of the air handlers and the space heaters .
tr	NN	He felt the defeat of not having been able -- not even with the help of eager informants -- to put an end to the investigations .
tr	NN	Ryan pul ed his fork from his mouth , clearly ready for dessert .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to touch the airy fabrics .
tr	NN	He was rapidly losing consciousness .
tr	NN	" You gave us quite a fright !
tr	NNS	He patted the cushions at his side , remembering .
tr	NNS	The people at the Planet Coffee Café were ignoring the small pink plates containing her brownies .
tr	NNS	" I 'm charging you a thousand dollars every time someone says balls to me in the next month .
tr	NNS	He brushes his thumbs back and forth along my cheekbones and I can feel the rapid rise and fall of his chest against mine .
tr	NNS	" We took those layers , unfolded them , stripped them back to their elemental magic , and dispersed them .
tr	NN	They both ordered a fifth of scotch , and Franz told Carl everything that happened while he was at Scotland Yard .
tr	NNS	" You have powers over the fires from hell ?
tr	NNS	I closed the door , the cabby took up the reins and set the horse in motion .
tr	NN	" I just need two aspirin and some water and I 'll be fine . "
tr	NN	I grabbed a pillow and threw it on the ground .
tr	NN	She 'd never heard such garbage .
tr	NNS	She 's wearing pink sweats and a pink T-shirt and pink flip-flop sandals .
tr	NN	Wind hammered the Clarity and threw us into a tilt .
tr	NNS	Besides requiring a more detailed statement , they had taken my fingerprints -- for elimination purposes , they 'd said .
tr	NN	He gets a butt kicking session .
tr	NNS	I threw the cards I was holding in his face .
tr	NNS	He hadn 't expected the creature 's fangs to be so sharp and mighty .
tr	NNS	The kid paid twenty dollars for it , money James used for gas to get to Charlotte .
tr	NNS	The Egyptians took no chances now , and I didn 't blame them .
tr	NNS	Then she spotted the deer , deep in the woods , far enough from school , that nobody would see her .
tr	NN	As she peered down she saw a moat that surrounded the castle with florescent like eels swimming around .
tr	NN	The feel of his heart pounding through his shirt made her dizzy with joy .
tr	NNS	The detectives would have found Shifters at the end of the trail .
tr	NNS	Like a compass or a tracking device ? "
tr	NN	Did she despise the technology or the man who used it ?
tr	NNS	Fate had its own designs , and part of that design was about to knock me flat on my back .
tr	NNS	Derek 's voice sent sharp little needles of hurt into Kylie 's chest .
tr	NN	You said some rot about forbidden love .
tr	NN	She opened her talent very cautiously and immediately regretted it .
tr	NN	Wondering if the newspapers were recent , I navigated the clutter to take a look .
tr	NN	Expression grim , Helen accepted the offering and promptly popped it into her mouth .
tr	NN	I took a wet cloth and I cleaned up my face .
tr	NN	' Did you see combat ? '
tr	NN	He flung the pillow away and dragged himself up on an arm .
tr	NN	He gave me a squeeze .
tr	NNS	She quickly smoothed her slacks down over her ankles as Al entered the bedroom .
tr	NN	My aunt suffered a stroke , so my mother and I hastily went to see how she was faring .
tr	NNS	I shoved back the covers and stood up , hesitating .
tr	NN	" Why would I need a defense attorney for trying to help my cousin find a missing guy ? "
tr	NNS	Nobody noticed his quick movements .
tr	NN	Before he reached the opening he heard the distinct clang of metal landing on stainless steel .
tr	NNS	Grace considered the repercussions of telling him .
tr	NN	Andrea gave him a glare and curled her lip .
tr	NN	Then I hear the growl .
tr	NN	Alexandra considered the green silk gown one more time in the mirror .
tr	NNS	As he drove off , Marian Byrne gave him quick directions and then asked , " Are you quite all right , Mr. Morgan ? "
tr	NN	She gave him an affectionate pat on the back .
tr	NNS	Besides , he reminded himself , Cordelia has the brains and the talent to keep Matthew safe .
tr	NN	Taking the seat in front of his desk , I returned his gesture with a brighter smile than usual .
tr	NNS	It had fingernails that looked like claws and I was alarmed that its eyes didn 't look any smaller now that its head was bigger .
tr	NNS	His hand knocked aside his snow goggles .
tr	NNS	He only had thirty two subjects left , which wouldn 't last him the week .
tr	NNS	" I have seven sisters .
tr	NNS	Trevor set the cups out and poured the tea .
tr	NNS	She heard the loneliness in his voice and she wanted desperately to comfort him .
tr	NNS	That boy has issues . "
tr	NNS	He 's covered his tracks pretty well , but I 'll snare the little vermin . "
tr	NN	When she moaned her response and dug her fingers into his back , he let out a guttural groan .
tr	NN	You guys barely have a reputation above politicians and rodents .
tr	NN	Love , please get the heating ... ' ' I will , ' he interrupted .
tr	NNS	Alex carefully checked the explosives and detonators and felt reasonably confident that he could carry out the task given to him .
tr	NNS	When we weren 't roaming the cemetery at night , he painted landscapes and portraits of me .
tr	NNS	But I meant babies .
tr	NNS	The figures closed ranks tightly against them .
tr	NN	He has a puzzle to solve and thinks you may be able to help us .
tr	NNS	Prewitt sniffs his surrounding air molecules with a goofy grin .
tr	NNS	He was making noises , hoarse and pleading , and I gradually realized he was saying my name .
tr	NN	Anger surged through his veins , the urge to destroy whoever was in that room ripped through him .
tr	NNS	Dulcie hoisted her wineglass in the air again .
tr	NN	He 'd placed compulsion and hauled me off to the Council .
tr	NN	Dropping his father 's limp form to the floor , Stone noticed the most horrifying detail of them all .
tr	NN	He raked a patch of burned skin off the chicken leg he was holding in one hand .
tr	NN	He handed Ruby a bouquet of white roses .
tr	NN	His wife seeks a reunion . "
tr	NN	She gave him a squeeze , right at the elbow and decided to call it a night .
tr	NN	" Since you are so pathetic , I will take pity on you , have mercy , and cook for you . "
tr	NN	Joan gave her hand another squeeze .
tr	NNS	If it wasn 't and I was hallucinating , then I had bigger issues than protesters .
tr	NN	Renton had promised all manner of things to get discharged .
tr	NN	But to not bring along a lawyer or two to even look at the contracts before he signed ?
tr	NN	" Simon , you have a vivid imagination .
tr	NNS	They wore multiple layers of clothing .
tr	NN	Give me the extinguisher . "
tr	NN	He knew exactly the effect he had on her .
tr	NN	They gave him no better treatment , no mercy , no respect .
tr	NN	Shotgun closed his caster .
tr	NN	" My men and William will take the hill .
tr	NN	I toss the backpack with assorted garden tools on my shoulder away from Granny .
tr	NNS	I just need some contracts and other correspondence and thought that maybe you have time ?
tr	NN	Red stains splattered his apron and crusted his black pants .
tr	NN	She points a long nail at my dress , trailing the length of it .
tr	NN	She was looking at him , her eyes tired , and sad , the menu forgotten .
tr	NNS	" Any conclusions ? "
tr	NNS	My twin is staring daggers at our link to the Twelve .
tr	NN	The girl working beside her had emptied her basket twice when JC made her first trip across the field .
tr	NNS	They made teams up , and Paul & Ryan won two out of three games .
tr	NN	He had great psychic talent .
tr	NNS	I avoided the regular caravan routes so we wouldn 't raise any suspicion .
tr	NN	Did he know the effect he was having on her ?
tr	NN	I opened the kitchen drawer and got out my gun and its holster .
tr	NNS	Apparently , you lost your inhibitions with alcohol .
tr	NN	Olive branch , remember ? "
tr	NNS	It did not make heroes or villains .
tr	NNS	But we were still taking no chances .
tr	NNS	Her eyes sharpened , large brown pools that seemed to have no end .
tr	NN	I 've never seen an airport so full of stuff , but so empty of people .
tr	NN	" How can I like my captor ? "
tr	NNS	' Costas and Bruno are holding the lower floors to the dock .
tr	NNS	Her blood still stained the heavy , stone tiles .
tr	NNS	A shadow has covered both our lands .
tr	NN	He removed his small dagger and a whetstone , sharpening the blade for what seemed like an hour .
tr	NNS	And when she had a daughter , she transferred all those unfulfilled expectations to me . "
tr	NN	I had a pasta casserole baking in the oven .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have those powers . "
tr	NNS	I 'd bet twenty dollars she was back to thinking about burning two hundred calories .
tr	NN	I 'm following my quest .
tr	NN	She tied a sash around her hips to keep the hem in place .
tr	NNS	" We 'll run fingerprints on the gun .
tr	NN	With a look of pure pity he tied the rope around the lower part of my tiny bicep .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs in a territorial warning as Marius stepped toward them .
tr	NN	We then dismounted and hitched our horses to a broken-down fence , and walked warily , pistol in hand , along beside a rough stone wall .
tr	NN	She wore a knit cap over a head scarf , but it was easy to see that she was bald underneath .
tr	NNS	Grand had too many connections .
tr	NN	" And here we have the earlier common ancestor , the stem cells of the flora world , if you will . "
tr	NN	Ella felt her bottom lip tremble .
tr	NNS	I wandered around the aisles , just looking at stuff .
tr	NNS	If they take it , they will burn your ships and any hope you have of returning home .
tr	NNS	" The women asked the gods for mercy .
tr	NN	Illusions filled the venue in whatever theme was decided on .
tr	NNS	He makes a few movements , like a child trying to roll over in its sleep but lacking sufficient energy .
tr	NN	He pulled out a sketch of the scene .
tr	NNS	Because that was pretty bad ; I had nightmares for weeks after .
tr	NN	" Somehow this doesn 't feel right , " I couldn 't ignore the awkward sensation deep within me .
tr	NN	Linnet made a vague hand gesture .
tr	NN	The last thing he wants to do is provoke an argument which might end in his dismissal from my service . "
tr	NN	" I 'll send someone after your horse , " Haworth said a little stiffly .
tr	NN	Perhaps overly emotional or delusional behaviour .
tr	NNS	Better to cut his losses than waste any more men in this failed gambit .
tr	NNS	I stayed in that classroom after she left , my body swirling with so many emotions , I could only feel numbness .
tr	NNS	Books tumbled off the shelves .
tr	NN	He untied a rag that was tight across her mouth , and tied behind her head .
tr	NNS	They offset their trips .
tr	NN	She didn 't give the impression that she recognized me .
tr	NN	Jet has a six-pack in his hand as he stands by Victor 's car with a bunch of other guys .
tr	NN	Remaining still as a statue , Marcus kept his face impassive and struggled against his gnawing resentment .
tr	NN	Another string of lights identified the pier .
tr	NN	You 'll find nothing offensive .
tr	NNS	They 'd have some vegetables too at least .
tr	NN	She feigned a gag .
tr	NN	We had bigger fish to fry .
tr	NN	That implied a willingness to negotiate .
tr	NN	She ran the article over and over in her head , which made her incredibly anxious .
tr	NN	She might consume a weird parasite or something .
tr	NNS	He switched radio stations , then leaned an elbow on the window ledge .
tr	NN	Rann had quite a difficult climb on the mountain in the heat with the elements .
tr	NN	She folded the nightgown in the precise way she had been instructed and reached for a sheet of tissue .
tr	NN	I had one goal now , and one goal only : to kill his human before the sun set tomorrow .
tr	NN	She was already given a lesson on applying cosmetics , which surprised her .
tr	NN	" How can I describe the strange and horrible sensation which oppressed me as I woke from my first slumber ?
tr	NN	Ezio watched the troopers scatter , oblivious to anything but the Fool 's Gold .
tr	NNS	" Wait a minute , the police requested that data about a week ago .
tr	NN	He followed an agenda .
tr	NN	She sent up a silent prayer that they were all safe .
tr	NN	After two miles they approached a pier , a large concrete structure running two hundred feet from the beach into the ocean .
tr	NNS	" Because we both have issues with codependency . "
tr	NN	" Not everyone finds a boar .
tr	NNS	On top of the mountain , hidden among the peaks of the peaceful sanctuary , the clear , still water mirrored the clouds passing over .
tr	NN	This angst helps nobody , and if you must behave like two spitting vipers , do it while I take a walk in the woods tomorrow .
tr	NNS	I have four one-hour breaks .
tr	NN	Finally , with a few seconds before the final credits roll , the Stranger rises and addresses nobody in particular .
tr	NNS	He was exchanging niceties with the waitress , who looked about my age .
tr	NNS	Ace refilled the goblets .
tr	NNS	( End up on drugs ?
tr	NN	Beyond it was , indeed , a vault .
tr	NNS	" Would you get some cups for me Glock ? "
tr	NN	Beth had almost missed the unassuming file at first .
tr	NN	I like your style . "
tr	NNS	The somber fabric emphasized the snowy whiteness of her hair and skin .
tr	NN	I ignore his denial .
tr	NN	And Maddie still hadn 't left the clinic .
tr	NNS	I pull the covers over my head .
tr	NNS	He had actual pots and pans in his kitchen , which meant he at least tried to cook occasionally rather than subsisting on room service or takeout .
tr	NN	By introducing composting , Jenny has also reduced the quantity of landfill waste produced by the school .
tr	NN	Helen choked back an impulse to blurt out the truth .
tr	NN	So they got Byrd 's old snow cruiser moving again .
tr	NN	He pulled the extra material into his fists .
tr	NNS	No one can find the witches again for comments .
tr	NN	The turpentine fragrance of wet sagebrush perfumed the desert and my room .
tr	NNS	They 'll take samples of wood to see how old it is and what it 's made of .
tr	NN	He scratched his brown beard as he spoke ; this place made him itch .
tr	NN	As my tongue darted into his mouth , I could taste the coconut liquor on his lips , and I drank him in .
tr	NNS	I throw all my issues out the window and just live in the moment .
tr	NNS	" I have your best interests at heart , and frankly I 'm concerned .
tr	NNS	He placed two envelopes in the inner pocket of his Eisenhower jacket .
tr	NNS	If I 'd known you 'd leave me I 'd never have helped the jackass out and convinced you to give him another chance . "
tr	NN	Surreal suppressed a shudder .
tr	NN	Let 's hang here a sec then you can see my place and you can settle in . "
tr	NN	Her eyes turned pensive , as if she was still trying to work it out for herself .
tr	NNS	Millie and Henry Vu lifted the bulky reports and placed them in the center of the table , where they were slowly taken by the jurors .
tr	NN	I put my breathing apparatus on , .
tr	NNS	Fear cripples his senses and as he shuts down , he casts me out .
tr	NNS	I 'm wearing my dad 's overalls which I had to roll up a lot since he 's six two .
tr	NN	I didn 't want anybody inside to overhear us .
tr	NN	We simply don 't have sufficient actionable intelligence . "
tr	NNS	No one had mentioned the Norton twins in the intel he had on the house , or even on the NCIS .
tr	NN	I take that responsibility very seriously .
tr	NN	Gossip had no allegiance ; it flowed freely , without restraint .
tr	NN	I was , at that point , facing inevitable rejection .
tr	NN	The Professor stroked his beard once more .
tr	NNS	We must stop additional terrorists from entering our country .
tr	NNS	For months , long before his heart attack , David Bloomfield had found excuses to drag his oldest daughter 's name into their conversations .
tr	NN	Go find another photographer ! "
tr	NN	It hit the clump of bad cell which disintegrated in several parts .
tr	NN	Eventually , the Inquisitors entered a stairwell and began to climb .
tr	NN	She closed the trunk and opened the one next to it .
tr	NN	As soon as the sun set , he rode his motorcycle to Sanctuary where Ash had told him to meet everyone .
tr	NNS	She searched the shelves nearest to her , since those seemed to hold the children and young adult books .
tr	NN	She still held the magazine she brought with her when she stopped by to return a few things Sara had left behind at her office .
tr	NNS	His eyes caressed her breasts .
tr	NNS	" What other dangers are there ? "
tr	NNS	Sage set his supplies down on a table .
tr	NNS	We have failed the gods .
tr	NN	I need advice , man .
tr	NNS	You still have babies . "
tr	NNS	He trimmed off the sharp remains of broken branches with the hatchet leaving others for footholds .
tr	NNS	Their antics that of thoughtless animals at first , the boy notes their movements gaining a sort of purpose .
tr	NNS	They guarded their millions of gentle kin .
tr	NNS	Would she ever attend balls like these again ?
tr	NNS	Forgetting his own rule , he cupped his palms over her temples and forced her attention on his face .
tr	NN	He used the knuckles of his right hand to push his chin up until he heard two pops at the top of his spine .
tr	NN	She imagined his hard shaft entering inch by inch and moaned .
tr	NN	It 's got a horrible fury . "
tr	NN	Dan fluffed his pillow and got settled in .
tr	NNS	Anyway , I like the birds .
tr	NNS	Only Earthlings ride bicycles for transporting around the soil of Planet Earth .
tr	NNS	Even after seven months clean , five months out of rehab , she 's still doing her meetings , twice a week .
tr	NNS	" I appreciate your efforts to remedy my recent bouts with insomnia .
tr	NN	Kylie gave them the short version and promised she 'd tell them all the gory details later .
tr	NN	His face softened from its usual hard mask , his lips parting to let out an ah of satisfaction .
tr	NN	He had a profound effect on everyone who saw him .
tr	NNS	He hated taxis , litter and what he called the " texting assholes " on the streets .
tr	NNS	No , real bikers picked their mechanics carefully .
tr	NN	Without waiting for permission , he picked up the easel and the " Faith Embassy " sign .
tr	NNS	A quick frisk revealed spare magazines and a wallet .
tr	NNS	" She did have her fine points . "
tr	NN	The old lady who urged Abe to tell his story at his first meeting and later gave Horace the steak reached out and touched their hands .
tr	NN	That makes her Edson 's responsibility .
tr	NNS	He put the two plates on the kitchen table and pulled out one of the chairs .
tr	NNS	Webb Travis , who seems so angry all the time , has the same abilities and no one else seems to notice the way he hides it .
tr	NNS	Gray pointed out the bits of tape along the edges .
tr	NNS	You have ruthlessness in your bones and ice in your heart , Clarissa .
tr	NNS	You might notice other abilities about you that you hadn 't noticed before . "
tr	NN	Spencer laughed out loud , something clicking .
tr	NN	She 'd recognize that smirk anywhere .
tr	NN	" I don 't remember what package you 're talking about . "
tr	NNS	Her gasp punctuated his motions in a way that sounded like she was singing .
tr	NNS	You give them golden-haired freaks a sound pasting and I salute you all for that . '
tr	NN	Michelle asked , void of patience .
tr	NNS	How many fish have you caught ? "
tr	NNS	The top had ruffles along the hem and it was filthy .
tr	NN	Across the way in the boys ' treehouse , Ernest approached the winch .
tr	NNS	" I know some folks who would kill for a lot less .
tr	NN	She carried a small , white satin pillow with wedding rings tied to the top .
tr	NN	He drew his pistol and set it to stun , " Jack , open the dashboard panel . "
tr	NN	Rebecca hadn 't been wearing a stitch of makeup when she 'd appeared at his door .
tr	NN	The soldiers stomp stomp stomp through the rain , crushing leaves and fallen snow under their feet .
tr	NN	He did not envy his task .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't have any more chances . "
tr	NNS	When the door closes , he looks daggers at the novice .
tr	NN	he asked , an undertone of alarm in his voice .
tr	NN	" You hold a tool of unspeakable power , Sebastian .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , Your Highness .
tr	NN	Throwing Jesse into a headlock , Dean leads him out , the crowd parting for the two angry men .
tr	NNS	Krauss discounts a thousand false fears before climbing out of the moat , heading down the hill .
tr	NN	That night , just as he had on Monday , Nick had kissed her soundly and had left her on her doorstep completely confused .
tr	NN	He wanted my forgiveness , but he didn 't want to extend the same forgiveness to me , and I knew it .
tr	NNS	A sign on the wall said " Children 's Sunday school classes " with an arrow pointing in that direction .
tr	NN	I yelled up the dim staircase .
tr	NNS	He thrust his pelvis against her making her gasp at the sweet pressure .
tr	NNS	" I can make arrangements for your trip to London , if you wish . "
tr	NNS	We needed those supplies .
tr	NNS	" So , I saw the deer and jerked the wheel to the left . "
tr	NNS	Elite hunters can kill the rogue packs .
tr	NNS	Or is this another one of those scare tactics used by so called Christians to increase their numbers ? "
tr	NNS	She had her last minute items that needed packed and she wanted to do a final search of her cupboards and drawers .
tr	NN	Oh , and a leech .
tr	NN	He 'd felt the shattering fury that could lead a man to commit murder .
tr	NNS	It cost ninety dollars , and I 'd saved up like mad and taken some money out of my bank account to get her this special gift .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , Luther 's bodyguard and his little security force took positions around the structures that were still rising all around us .
tr	NNS	Dewi has some contractual activities that she has to comply with .
tr	NN	Russell cracked his knuckles .
tr	NNS	Older vampires make the most potent vampire wares .
tr	NN	" Ma , " she says , " smell the liver and onions ? "
tr	NNS	" But I 've been having those nightmares again .
tr	NNS	Otherwise , someone can take these jokes out of context , transforming into commands that harm innocent people .
tr	NNS	Digging through his pocket for his phone , he ignored the stares from people around him on the steps .
tr	NN	" Found the dumbbell Valerie used to try to brain you . "
tr	NN	I straightened my spine and gave him a questioning glance .
tr	NN	" Tis my duty to know , Princess . "
tr	NNS	She had never worn slacks , always dresses .
tr	NN	" She has a big ass diamond on her hand .
tr	NNS	I use the skills that Damien taught me the day before , and I 'm able to block some blows .
tr	NNS	Mille hopped a few centimeters before setting his hand on Luc 's shoulder to steady himself .
tr	NN	It had a natural railing made of smaller branches rising out of the main branch , intertwined with vines .
tr	NNS	I still have all the desires of a normal college freshman , believe me .
tr	NNS	Just don 't stay out too late or your mother will have both our hides . "
tr	NN	The feel of his hand sent a sweet electrical current up her arm and it reminded her how close she had come to letting Derek kiss her .
tr	NNS	With his finger he sketched the schematics on the floor .
tr	NNS	Gummy the wheels , stop the bus and eat us .
tr	NN	Saw the lust and need and ... growing fury in his gaze .
tr	NN	" Past the olive grove and the spring .
tr	NNS	They poured scented oils in her hair , and washed her skin with lavender soap .
tr	NN	Brock launched another rocket that blew up one spider robot , which in turn blew up the one next to it .
tr	NN	Her tongue experienced the oak , the fruit and the touch of chocolate .
tr	NNS	I didn 't read romance novels and I steered clear of Valentine 's Day and everything associated with it .
tr	NNS	The Seraphim coach their servants to cultivate these impressions through trickery .
tr	NN	And why would they steal my newborn babe ? "
tr	NNS	He had lovers coming and going .
tr	NN	" Can you hear the howling ? "
tr	NN	" And you did promise me the best steak I 've ever had . "
tr	NNS	As soon as I spoke , she quickly opened the tent 's flaps and ushered me inside , closing them behind her .
tr	NNS	Max 's responding growl raised the short hairs on my neck .
tr	NNS	Rann does not allow sensors on the prisoners .
tr	NN	She collected cream from the refrigerator , pausing to consider the contents .
tr	NN	But before heading out the door , I saved the manuscript I was typing , fed paper to the printer , and hit print .
tr	NN	" Just what earns us this respect ? "
tr	NNS	This separates the witches from the wannabes , Fiji thought , and she focused on the heel of the boot .
tr	NN	He gently took the package out of my hands , brushing my fingers in the process .
tr	NNS	Walking in single file , the Hamilton women brought the serving dishes to the huge dining room table for Christmas dinner .
tr	NNS	" How could they get our numbers ? "
tr	NN	With a rumble the upgraded attack vehicle once more began its task of finding its lost command driver .
tr	NN	She took my handful of Lei and counted out what she needed ; even if she took a little more for herself it didn 't bother me .
tr	NNS	He heard the same greetings but then they lowered their voices and spoke in whispers .
tr	NN	Kristin was using her lighter to see , its small circle of illumination barely able to hold back the darkness .
tr	NNS	" Well , we 've been giving classes once a month .
tr	NN	A blinking power light belied the dormant monitor .
tr	NNS	So I read up on bees , and maybe roses .
tr	NNS	" We have no medical supplies . "
tr	NNS	" Some fourteen years ago , Molotov destroyed playing cards to get rid of criminals .
tr	NN	" We ejected the pod soon after takeoff .
tr	NN	In another dream , Mr. Hayes rented out a theater to show her favorite movie for just the two of them .
tr	NN	When she bent down to pick it up the guy regained consciousness and slithered out from under her bunk .
tr	NNS	" Izzy , you will make our apologies to Mrs. Whitaker .
tr	NN	" How many times did you run this experiment ? "
tr	NNS	" Though I suppose now I can simply take her seamstress as my own , so perhaps that is no great loss after all . "
tr	NNS	One by one , he examined our cards and nodded to a second man who stamped our left hands .
tr	NN	He fired his rifle once for conformity 's sake and then dropped the clumsy weapon .
tr	NNS	Ahead I can see some gaps , but I think we will manage if we keep an eye out .
tr	NNS	" Oh , I like all sorts of restaurants . "
tr	NN	Each one made her muscles clench in anticipation .
tr	NNS	She discovered his illegal activities , yet still couldn 't walk away .
tr	NN	As a result she 'd received a scholarship to attend a very ritzy private high school .
tr	NN	She jerked open a drawer and reached for the country club directory .
tr	NN	Gradually , his kisses grew deeper , longer , hotter .
tr	NN	" You made that stupid , stupid girl a corporal ? "
tr	NNS	" Oh , we do helmets , not cowboy hats ? "
tr	NNS	Teachers got paid peanuts .
tr	NNS	Digging his hand into his pocket , he drew out the compass , staring at it deeply .
tr	NN	" You 'll receive your punishment for your actions and then help prepare for the execution .
tr	NNS	His eyes never left the hot dogs .
tr	NNS	I draw the covers up around my chin and try not to move as Marshall lands soft besides me .
tr	NNS	" Look here , we 've got plates and food for two people and its fresh .
tr	NN	We can trace the motorcycle and then our man .
tr	NN	Perhaps they 'd put out an announcement , but he 'd been so sound asleep he hadn 't heard .
tr	NN	I 'm extending the olive branch here . "
tr	NN	Please , you 're insulting my manhood . "
tr	NNS	Kevin was gathering his balls , finished with practice .
tr	NNS	Only this limo didn 't have any wheels and it was larger .
tr	NN	He fingered his pistol again .
tr	NNS	" A hundred dollars ? "
tr	NNS	We cracked open some beers and all began to eat .
tr	NNS	Since then , he 'd made excuses to Alex about why he couldn 't come out to the house .
tr	NNS	Messick points to one particular stack on the table .
tr	NNS	" Get up , " he whipped the covers off me .
tr	NN	We took possession on our own forty-five yard line .
tr	NNS	He had the biceps of a gymnast .
tr	NNS	He 's putting his balls on the line for Kellan .
tr	NN	Another had a notepad and was talking to Adrian , who was leaning against the wall and smoking .
tr	NN	Though he didn 't bark , he gave the impression of understanding me .
tr	NN	From the looks of things , Torin and Andris were having a heated argument .
tr	NNS	I left fresh snow tracks on the tile floor as I stepped into the house .
tr	NN	I felt my backbone stiffen slightly as I sat opposite him , faking confidence .
tr	NNS	Apparently the latest fashion among high schoolers involved elaborate braids , and Arabella had somehow cajoled Mom into helping her .
tr	NN	Dr. Graves couldn 't fulfill that duty if he were afraid .
tr	NN	Bull said : ' This is rare going , you managed it good and proper my darlin ' ! '
tr	NN	" Oh , use your imagination !
tr	NN	She felt a compulsion to talk .
tr	NNS	She had developed solutions to just this situation , although most of her contingency plans were for city problems .
tr	NNS	A silent snarl revealed his sharp fangs .
tr	NN	Those who survived their houses collapsing faced the terror of dying from starvation underneath their once comfortable homes .
tr	NN	My parents owned a pub there named Abbey Tavern .
tr	NN	He did gesture to Hartley , who had covered both his ears and started rocking on his heels in a plausible imitation of distress .
tr	NN	She spat out her parasol and instantly turned to see to her husband .
tr	NN	I can hear the metallic clang as Five 's ball bearing hits the floor .
tr	NNS	He was doing wonders for my self-confidence .
tr	NN	Cassiopeia asked the president .
tr	NNS	A few lines of dim light illuminated shelves filled with books .
tr	NN	The nurse removed the needle .
tr	NN	Bullets pierced his armour when they hit .
tr	NN	An icy shiver crept up Spencer 's spine .
tr	NNS	" When things happen in Long Shot , people always have their excuses : Superfund site .
tr	NNS	Free drugs forever , man .
tr	NN	Ron and Jerry are savoring their peanut butter and jelly sandwiches .
tr	NNS	I inherited my own troubles from his side and he was more loved by me than can ever be conceived .
tr	NN	To kick his demon butt ... Highly unlikely .
tr	NNS	Jared could see the huge numbers of men marching in time together , a moving wall of armour bristling with spears and swords .
tr	NN	She need medical treatment ? "
tr	NNS	So many restless ghosts .
tr	NN	Stretching out beside her , he traced a fingertip along the collar of her shirt , teasing her skin with only the occasional contact .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen dogs and cats mate , but not horses .
tr	NN	Next time he could damn well retrieve his own briefcase .
tr	NN	" Never was many black Catholics in Hearken , " he told Case with a bemused expression .
tr	NNS	She was also losing her inhibitions around him .
tr	NNS	To complicate matters , literally thousands of capital residents are flooding the hospitals looking for relatives and friends they fear may have been wounded in the attack .
tr	NNS	They pay big bucks for a good time . "
tr	NN	I 'd love your input . "
tr	NNS	I gently tap my palms against theirs and Kayden laughs at me as my arms fall to my sides .
tr	NNS	'Cause , man , he had some hygiene issues . "
tr	NNS	Can you all sense these additional capabilities ? "
tr	NN	It left only one other possibility then , and was almost too unbelievable for him to accept .
tr	NNS	Now he felt nauseous .
tr	NN	Then I caught a glimpse of exposed neck and drove the edge of my hand in as hard as I could .
tr	NN	Without another word , the angry Air Force pilot left the cockpit and headed to the aft of the aircraft .
tr	NNS	They had deeds for the restaurant as well .
tr	NN	Not that she craved respect from anyone .
tr	NNS	" Who would pay anyone fifty thousand dollars to cripple me ? "
tr	NNS	She slapped the covers , and her mind went from our adventures in the field to the night I came to her room and danced with her .
tr	NN	They kept a silent vigil .
tr	NN	Lisa regained her self-control .
tr	NNS	I have trust issues . "
tr	NN	He snatches up his briefcase before bolting out the door .
tr	NN	Because his nearness really did have no effect on her .
tr	NNS	You didn 't have the balls to tell me yourself ?
tr	NN	The Senior Wrangler proudly held the cube aloft and pressed a button on the side .
tr	NN	She 'd attended her ten-year reunion , but had felt awkward and out of place .
tr	NNS	Glancing at one of the windows she saw several pack members watching them .
tr	NNS	Did the horses eat your runners or what ?
tr	NNS	Seeing her upset did wonders for Nick 's mood .
tr	NN	" We will need our energy cake with oxygen stuffing and temperature filling . "
tr	NNS	He opened his senses and saw the heat in her eyes .
tr	NN	Two years later they uncovered a cavern .
tr	NN	The ancient woman still stirred her brew over the fire .
tr	NN	She will have her vengeance . "
tr	NNS	" I can offer you some refreshments gentlemen .
tr	NNS	I took a few breaths to compose myself and opened the door to find my mother standing on the other side .
tr	NN	In this contest only ONE of you will get a full seven year scholarship to Magnolia Boarding School on Lightning Island .
tr	NN	" Then I have a legacy for you . "
tr	NN	They climbed over the balcony and dropped on board .
tr	NN	His fingers found the condom in my pocket and pulled it out .
tr	NNS	The vampire bared his fangs .
tr	NNS	" Emilio and Sid tracked the witches to the right area . "
tr	NNS	Chapter One " Do not put yourselves in any jeopardy .
tr	NN	Tasha absently rubbed her toe against the edge of the oil stain .
tr	NN	One day he would make her shudder a lot more ... but not today .
tr	NN	By then , I 'll have had almost a fortnight to recover .
tr	NNS	To date T I Wade has written six novels and the seventh , INVASION USA IV , is under edit .
tr	NNS	Bill handed me the reins .
tr	NNS	They 'd just left the offices in Boise .
tr	NNS	Then he used the balls of his thumbs to press the bolts back into their splintered holes .
tr	NN	Elizabeth dropped her backpack by her desk and went to sit next to Michelle .
tr	NNS	He had no rights to the mansion any more than he had rights to Lilly 's trust fund .
tr	NNS	" They 've got great scones if there are any left .
tr	NNS	The guards grabbed the torches they were now issued with , and played them over the room .
tr	NN	A few minutes after her head touched the pillow she was fast asleep .
tr	NNS	Zeus rubbed his temples and shook his head again .
tr	NNS	If he lost , he suffered fits of anger and despair .
tr	NNS	They took their coffees and sat down outside in the shade of the large umbrella by the pool .
tr	NN	Apparently , using an ancient , powerful artifact wasn 't as easy as it seemed .
tr	NNS	Renzo had seen beautiful quilts , in a museum .
tr	NN	He grips her trident just below the crescent moon that holds the three prongs and leans in until the tips puncture his bare chest .
tr	NN	She gives my arm an affectionate squeeze as we head out the door .
tr	NNS	In the old days numbers runners used the business pages in the newspapers .
tr	NNS	He still wore black slacks and that partially unbuttoned tux shirt , which gave me a glimpse of his heavenly chest .
tr	NNS	She could hear the wolves growl and snarl beneath them .
tr	NNS	" Other water companies on my planet have several ships in their fleets that come here as well . "
tr	NN	I withheld the urge to run and pounce on him .
tr	NNS	I grabbed two beers out of the fridge and sat down next to him on the couch .
tr	NN	Alessia dropped the cream cake on a plate .
tr	NN	Derek finally stopped pacing and stood right in front of me .
tr	NN	" I read your file not long ago .
tr	NN	I don 't see any fish jumping , and we haven 't caught anything yet . "
tr	NNS	We 'll need samples .
tr	NNS	The sound of her beautiful , sighing breaths .
tr	NNS	He gathered the reins into his left hand , and wrapped his other arm tightly around her .
tr	NNS	He is massing his armies even now to reclaim Scotland .
tr	NNS	* * * * * As they arrived at his jet , Adriane thanked the heavens for Rachel 's slumber .
tr	NN	The fact that they aren 't married after five years of being together bothers the crap out of Lila .
tr	NNS	All arbitrary complaints to the all-important task at hand .
tr	NN	He unscrewed the cap of one of the bottles , took a long swallow , and waited for Rachel to emerge from the jeweled pool .
tr	NNS	And how could they have brought together the clouds to make the rain ?
tr	NN	Abel had placed his faith in God and , when he was killed by his brother , he received eternal life .
tr	NN	Not surprisingly , he ignored her protest and reached for another stud on his shirt .
tr	NNS	Wald wore slacks in a darker shade of gray than his cardigan and a black button-down shirt .
tr	NN	We could then start ruling together .
tr	NNS	Their feet left dark sweat marks on the white stones .
tr	NN	And I don 't have my silver dagger hidden under my pink fake bandages either .
tr	NN	She sounded cheerful again .
tr	NNS	" This Lineage has survived centuries , living in the empty spaces between other families , doing what they must to survive , shedding their humanity . "
tr	NN	He 'd vowed vengeance , and now that it had been taken from him , his instinct was to lash out .
tr	NNS	When she leaves I can almost sense Jamie 's emptiness .
tr	NNS	You 've got balls taking on the Tijuana cartel and Simmons here .
tr	NN	He bit back the urge to retort and said , " You 're right . "
tr	NN	Leslie pushed the cart outside and helped load the groceries into the trunk of Evelyn 's car .
tr	NNS	This forced admission would undermine the pillars of their social order .
tr	NNS	I have chores to attend to , and you have a lesson with Father Tomas . "
tr	NN	Caroline stopped pacing and looked up at Cade .
tr	NNS	I rule them , you rule your Shifters .
tr	NNS	" So that year , she put up all the pretty ornaments .
tr	NN	She had never needed her sisters 's advice more than she did now .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't take the photographs myself so this was the next best option .
tr	NN	This one , however , contained no technology beyond that needed to light the room .
tr	NN	She could feel the bed quiver with the pounding of her heart .
tr	NNS	Let me tell you , hotshot , I 've picked up more than a few skills in turning down a guy without making him mad . "
tr	NNS	She grabbed the reins and pulled on them tightly urging Freedom to halt .
tr	NN	" I 'm having the shrimp cocktail and blackened chicken Alfredo .
tr	NNS	" I 've had houses in dozens of countries over the years .
tr	NNS	The operatives held their cans high above their heads and sprayed the fairies like they were giant mosquitoes .
tr	NNS	It must have multiple wheels , like those on farming equipment , under its shell .
tr	NN	He could sense a disturbing ripple emanating from Nathan 's position in the psychic network .
tr	NNS	They must sweep the tunnels and retrieve the book .
tr	NNS	I took three deep breaths trying to cleanse Jules ' intoxicating high from my brain .
tr	NNS	You 're seeing bacteria glowing through the skin . "
tr	NNS	He studied the numbers , and his best guess was that he could escape with about $ 80,000 .
tr	NN	I reached the gardening equipment .
tr	NNS	Ivan walked down the halls of his school towards his locker .
tr	NN	Perhaps a Water Mage could feel the drain of his bath to find it was not dry .
tr	NNS	" Yes , and as soon as we find him , we 'll find our little island sisters . "
tr	NN	That explained the clot in his eye .
tr	NN	Kathleen hitched a hip onto a bar stool next to a man in civilian clothes .
tr	NN	" We tell our customers 245 plus .
tr	NN	Her Barrett sniper rifle had an effective range of just over a mile .
tr	NNS	A few had trays of organs , prodding at them and testing them with meters .
tr	NN	He fingered the material of my dress and slowly pulled it the rest of the way over my shoulders , down over my breasts and further still .
tr	NNS	The carriers can handle very large numbers and , thankfully , don 't run on oil .
tr	NN	He abruptly pulled a pistol out and quickly aimed , firing several shots .
tr	NN	She didn 't have her wrap , but she had no desire to rush back inside to fetch it .
tr	NN	Frau Engel gave her nose another wipe .
tr	NN	It gave her an unquestionable justification to have her hood around her face .
tr	NN	My hands can barely close around your cock . "
tr	NNS	Derrick motions for me to come over to where he is standing by the front door , just next to the kitchen .
tr	NN	I could almost hear my old trainer shout .
tr	NN	I must address Anika Handel 's declining health .
tr	NN	It kind of hurts my credibility as a professional . "
tr	NNS	Locke sheathed his blades with a sharp motion .
tr	NNS	I myself have never seen cattle within the confines of Dallas but maybe I 've been looking in the wrong places .
tr	NN	She had a stronger impulse to throw herself down beside Bonnie and shriek , " And neither can I !
tr	NN	A split second later three blue beams of light engulfed the door frame .
tr	NNS	Once in Albuquerque , she hitched more rides and ultimately ended up in Nashville , Tennessee .
tr	NNS	Surrounding the buildings , and scattered through out the forest where trees of enormous size .
tr	NNS	When they weren 't studying in the library , they would take strolls through the gardens .
tr	NN	Her voice was growing fainter and it worried Alaric .
tr	NNS	They already had designs on Tony ; I could see that from a mile away .
tr	NNS	He can see auras ?
tr	NNS	I feel ... invincible !
tr	NNS	Beats sending texts I guess . '
tr	NN	But she invented another revenge up against Laurence .
tr	NNS	I get more complaints from there than any of my other restaurants . "
tr	NN	Lisa opened the magazine to reveal a pull-out poster of Devon and some other guy , dressed in designer clothes , looking all posh and suave .
tr	NN	Second place equals second rate .
tr	NN	She 'd not misread his kind treatment .
tr	NN	I may end up vomiting on your shoes . "
tr	NNS	Hell , I 've witnessed your persuasive powers in the boardroom . "
tr	NN	She dropped the info into a document folder on her iPad , and headed up the rear stairs to the room .
tr	NN	He 'd never give up a colleague , even if they did steal a weapon .
tr	NN	He made a dismissive gesture with his hand . " '
tr	NN	She had a thin blue nightgown on that came down to her upper thighs .
tr	NNS	I slipped over a few inches and was directly behind my mother .
tr	NNS	I can almost see the wheels in motion .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to punch Julian and Chris for allowing her to do this , for helping her to do this .
tr	NN	Cyrus loaded his potato with butter and sour cream .
tr	NN	A feeling of paranoia crept up my spine sending the magic shivering through my veins .
tr	NN	" You give them the same code or sequence . "
tr	NN	Then I will be crowned the new Queen of Hell .
tr	NN	I 've assumed total responsibility for Sean from the first time he drew breath , and there has never been a time when I 've neglected him .
tr	NNS	Her heart kicked her ribs , hard .
tr	NNS	His hand cupped her ribs , the underside of her breast heating his skin .
tr	NN	We rarely used this terminal .
tr	NNS	Twitch , like his mannerisms .
tr	NNS	I drive over the railroad tracks toward the city , my eyes wandering over the skyline but not really taking it in .
tr	NNS	We 've had bad reports out of Helicon . "
tr	NN	In the end , someone would place the crown on an undeserving head and a new royal bloodline would begin .
tr	NNS	Others had stuck up photographs of family or pictures cut from newspaper or a dog-eared magazine .
tr	NN	To the side the saboteur had dropped a portable medical scanner , though there was no evidence of how he had intended to quiet his subjects .
tr	NNS	Many were clutching coffees , trying to revive vacant stares with an injection of caffeine .
tr	NNS	" They make manly candles now . "
tr	NN	Along the path , similar to a lot of the eroded litter in the area , there stood an artifact .
tr	NNS	It 's not like her , " Lil protested passionately .
tr	NNS	" Amy and I found some space suits , and I went .
tr	NNS	" I want fingerprints taken from the house .
tr	NNS	She grabbed a few more items , but she wanted to be done .
tr	NN	The soft bristles on my skin fanned out the thick paint , smoothing it .
tr	NN	We followed her instruction and sat , both of us silent .
tr	NNS	Her body was engaged , her nerve endings tingling everywhere .
tr	NNS	Everyone was doing their own versions of yoga poses .
tr	NN	Going over to the dressing table , Maggie picked up a holly berry that had fallen off the arrangement of winter greenery .
tr	NNS	Maybe he tossed some steaks inside their pen before he broke into the clinic .
tr	NNS	I could hear the cameras from 48 Hours whirring behind me .
tr	NN	I had more respect for his dad than that .
tr	NNS	He chopped up the vegetables and put them in a bowl in the refrigerator .
tr	NNS	He had the bloodlines of a potential Thoroughbred champion .
tr	NNS	The water had spent centuries absorbing the filth of mankind and had grown accustomed to swallowing up our many failings .
tr	NN	Aly almost kept up , her exhaustion from before all but forgotten .
tr	NNS	Can you cast your spells on kings as well as crops ? "
tr	NN	" You need a new stove . "
tr	NNS	I 'd had a few beers after work .
tr	NN	" Ah , then I will teach her a lesson in daring to defy me . "
tr	NNS	Many of them have taken measures to hide their children .
tr	NNS	We " re cursed .
tr	NNS	The smell of fresh baked sweet potatoes caressed his senses and wrapped his spirit in a blanket of warmth .
tr	NN	Every syllable he uttered in his smooth , seductive voice made her hotter .
tr	NNS	Rafael examined the plates .
tr	NNS	Only an extremely large birthday cake would accommodate the necessary candles .
tr	NNS	She made little consoling noises while stroking my arm .
tr	NN	I also dreaded the cruelty of it .
tr	NN	She released a frustrated little growl .
tr	NNS	The knife grazed Perry 's ribs .
tr	NNS	I sensed a loneliness emanating from her .
tr	NNS	Levana had not seen many babies , but she could imagine that this was the most perfect child that had ever been born .
tr	NNS	I went several blocks with my eyes glancing up at the mirror every few seconds .
tr	NN	They wouldn 't like the cost .
tr	NN	" Good to hear Robert , we 've got all the equipment set up .
tr	NNS	When all the rituals were over and oaths taken , they put out their fires and covered the forges until they were needed again .
tr	NNS	I sank my fangs in deep before she could respond .
tr	NN	Seven men formed a small cluster a few yards away from the ramp .
tr	NN	" Maybe she liked the old toy because it was yours . "
tr	NN	She ceased her thrashing .
tr	NNS	" Could we get two hot chocolates ? "
tr	NNS	Not gods , for they worship their own eternal stone gods in their dark nests .
tr	NNS	With her imperial features and her dark hair swept back into a sophisticated updo , she could have stepped off the pages of a magazine .
tr	NN	" Since you 've had a release . "
tr	NNS	Aidan surveyed his surroundings , not sure what to make of them , when he came to a realization .
tr	NNS	Don 't ignite the engines yet ! "
tr	NNS	Charlie doubled his efforts , taking gigantic strides and bolting across the fields at a phenomenal rate .
tr	NNS	My first album will be titled One Foot in Hell Already I hereby deem that title " Totally Stupid . "
tr	NNS	" I can 't see visions anymore or have anything to do with them . "
tr	NN	" You know , I could put a hex on him . "
tr	NNS	She redoubled her attempts to get away from Nate , whipping her head to the side .
tr	NN	I hit End and smiled at Liza .
tr	NNS	The man had obtained more than just their base schematics ; he 'd tapped deep into their protocols .
tr	NNS	" What about you and your magical powers ? "
tr	NNS	He couldn 't appreciate her possessiveness because it was driving her crazy .
tr	NNS	" Did this ever happen to yo ... before Flattery gave you drugs ? "
tr	NNS	She could hear the runners of a sledge gliding over the snow .
tr	NN	I snatched the receiver up in a hurry and practically shouted hello .
tr	NNS	I could feel his heart beats .
tr	NNS	' We will not have enough tiny sausages . '
tr	NN	Fastening on suspenders , she gave them a playful snap , grinning to herself as she settled them in place .
tr	NNS	" Make yourselves at home .
tr	NN	Sam grabbed the doorknob and looked surprised when it turned .
tr	NNS	" I 've seen his good points . "
tr	NNS	" I 'm painting my toenails ! "
tr	NNS	Those had carpets so the students couldn 't slide the chairs around the tables in races .
tr	NNS	The creaking in the foundation warmly echoed off the hollow wails at a higher volume than it had before .
tr	NNS	You said pish posh . "
tr	NNS	No wonder the powers that be assumed their world would be safer with one less Socrates in it .
tr	NN	She 'd lost this argument .
tr	NNS	Eric shoved the plates and boxes off the bed , flipped Iona facedown on it , and pulled her hips back toward him .
tr	NN	Over the years I 've had occasion to observe drunkenness in its assorted forms , and I 've noticed some variations .
tr	NNS	I like dogs . "
tr	NNS	Neil watched Rick 's movements , and then he saw additional movement .
tr	NN	I 'll get Isaac a sitter . "
tr	NNS	So , no mind altering drugs .
tr	NN	She drew out her sketch of the male sea monster 's face , with its halo of glass and gold .
tr	NN	" I fear that dragon in my marrow .
tr	NN	The thought of that gives me some small measure of courage , and I am able to meet his gaze with true amusement in my own .
tr	NNS	" Someone in the area has been stealing pets and hacking them up .
tr	NN	You will show proper respect . "
tr	NNS	He even had the balls to tell me my voice was a soothing drone . "
tr	NNS	Not that he minded hugely .
tr	NNS	" You have your contact lens cameras .
tr	NNS	' Oh , and don 't forget all her broken mirrors .
tr	NNS	Moving closer to the cellar , she examined several marks on the panel and the lintel .
tr	NN	Why can 't I enjoy sexy lingerie as much as the next woman ? "
tr	NN	After all , it did imply an engagement .
tr	NNS	" His death would have repercussions for all of us .
tr	NNS	The processor just crunches numbers and tells the electrons where to flow , the same way the brain does .
tr	NN	He took off his cap .
tr	NN	She saw his eyebrow twitch .
tr	NNS	Vlad brushed the floral bits out of my hands .
tr	NN	Could we get a lend of your fine guitar ? '
tr	NN	We had a sprinkler malfunction at the office , resulting in the entire third floor being flooded .
tr	NNS	The lamp posts along the streets no longer had decorative bowls covering the bulbs .
tr	NN	Instead , she 'd gotten a goddamn marriage proposal .
tr	NN	She ignored the sensation and stepped into the room .
tr	NNS	We have two new planets to explore . "
tr	NN	A party atmosphere permeated the throng .
tr	NN	He didn 't think it would stop , the expansion of emptiness inside him .
tr	NN	Chills ran down her spine as she thought she saw someone sitting in the Jacuzzi where she and Preston had made love last night .
tr	NNS	We had ordered three separate vans , since we were traveling in such a large group .
tr	NNS	Can 't see the plates for mud and dirt , and the camera angle isn 't great .
tr	NNS	I 'm hardly twiddling my thumbs here .
tr	NN	He loved the sweetness of her scent , today coupled with fresh earth from her digging in the dirt .
tr	NNS	I pushed the bubbles that were in the bath around to make sure they covered the best parts , just in case .
tr	NNS	She sped up , hard , fast strokes designed to massage and caress .
tr	NN	Someone guarded the pyre on the other side of the rocks , and when Boggs edged closer he could see that it was Silva .
tr	NN	Drawing a deep breath , she opened the file and began reading .
tr	NNS	" Ahoy , have any of you seen the twins ? "
tr	NN	Wow , someone give me a medal for my lawyer skills .
tr	NN	Anna saw the raw redness of his hands , his knuckles looking like marbles as they shook and gripped the reigns tight .
tr	NN	On her head she wore an elaborate crown of silver and diamond .
tr	NNS	Realization flooded my senses .
tr	NNS	... Their children , through learned behavior have mastered their techniques .
tr	NN	' You want a nickname ? '
tr	NNS	" Did you smell any other wolves out there ? "
tr	NN	I called the good physician and asked if Ricky and I could come by his office on campus .
tr	NNS	I searched my pockets and ended up pulling out my wallet and some little silver circular thing that was stuck in one of my front pockets .
tr	NN	" Fantastic advice . "
tr	NN	Anita and I had theater next , to fill our humanities requirement .
tr	NN	She stuck her fork into the cheesecake to emphasize her disagreement .
tr	NN	He dreaded the realization that he hadn 't consciously chosen the damned career but was ingrained in it by a herd mentality .
tr	NN	Can 't meet nobody .
tr	NN	She slid the dagger into the outside pocket on her backpack .
tr	NNS	The introduction of another man into the family brings fresh complications to the fragile peace established after Jude 's arrival .
tr	NNS	she asked the twins .
tr	NN	The street had little traffic and was lined with small houses whose low , chain-link fences protected unkempt yards .
tr	NNS	He made no judgments .
tr	NN	Now , we will finish the crow . "
tr	NN	We definitely don 't want anybody to interfere with those church soldiers .
tr	NNS	" Or the expectations . "
tr	NN	You think your talent less than mine . "
tr	NNS	Some people abandon their own marked family members because they 're afraid of ' bad luck . '
tr	NN	" I don 't have a mommy . "
tr	NNS	I indicated the approximate dimensions with my hands .
tr	NNS	He mostly does restoration designs for historical buildings so they don 't lose their value and beauty , but still have all the modern conveniences . "
tr	NN	" Actually , I received an email from her last week .
tr	NNS	" She gives me the creeps . "
tr	NN	I flick my nail and a piece of red polish flutters to the carpet .
tr	NN	We reached the first bench , but neither of us sat down .
tr	NN	He felt his lips twist into a humorless smile as he recalled the argument he 'd once had with his mother .
tr	NN	By the last two hands I could feel a definite improvement .
tr	NN	Her arm grew leaden .
tr	NNS	One person punches the other 's blocks till you get to the other side of the room and then switch , same for the kicks .
tr	NN	What she saw almost sent her sprawling backwards onto the floor of the vehicle .
tr	NN	The experience would bring me extraordinary joy .
tr	NN	They never did show a rejection .
tr	NNS	Then her gaze drops to my lips , lingering there .
tr	NN	He threw the chunk of metal in front of me .
tr	NNS	" I hate dinosaurs ... " Dick started muttering technological jargon under his breath , running through systems tables and variances .
tr	NNS	He then handed Lancelot a couple more coins with the request that he get a fresh shirt and pair of slacks .
tr	NNS	This time the list included cats , monkeys , minor demons , common reptiles , wolves , dragons , and insects .
tr	NNS	He could see scratch marks on the latch and on the door mechanism where force had been applied until the whole thing popped .
tr	NN	You 're having a miscarriage . "
tr	NNS	She ripped the covers off again .
tr	NN	He does the organizing .
tr	NN	Nathan sent a mental command at the elevator off the lobby and the absent car started descending for him .
tr	NN	I 'd already loosened the cranial bolt to the springing point .
tr	NNS	" I like the fires ; they keep us warm and make the Road Trains go .
tr	NN	Elec had told his uncle how he and his father had argued more and more over the last few weeks and he was frustrated beyond measure .
tr	NN	Mrs. Gibson set a big roast in the middle of the table .
tr	NNS	Indeed , we had taken at least a half-dozen roads to get to this one .
tr	NN	Timothy unrolled a parchment scroll upon his desk and weighted it down to keep it from flapping closed .
tr	NNS	I also have some unused tear gas canisters in the drawer near the window .
tr	NN	" Peanut butter or bacon ? "
tr	NNS	After a moment of hesitation , Gansey bumped knuckles with him over the gearshift .
tr	NNS	Ned indicated the remaining empty chairs and waited until Camila selected the middle one .
tr	NN	" Sylvia and I had an amicable parting of the ways .
tr	NNS	Maryellen gently tested the waters .
tr	NN	I went along the shoreline and then came into land about a mile past the property . "
tr	NNS	He could feel the tear tracks down his face .
tr	NN	He even took his baseball cap off in the library .
tr	NN	The dog relinquished the bouquet as she was tackled and started yapping again .
tr	NN	Adolf raised a Luger 9mm pistol , aiming at her head .
tr	NNS	He covered the marks on her arms .
tr	NN	She patted the bench beside her .
tr	NN	He could still hear the equipment humming next door in the communications room .
tr	NN	You don 't beat refusal to believe in a frontal attack .
tr	NNS	She felt the heaviness in his soul and knew that these events had defined his life , set his future .
tr	NN	They were already passed the fifteen second threshold and yet Frank replied .
tr	NNS	" Fifty bucks . "
tr	NNS	The sheer size boggled the senses .
tr	NN	The tenderness in his gaze made my breath hitch in my throat .
tr	NN	I didn 't like the sensation of being leashed .
tr	NN	He took out a pen and began writing in a notebook .
tr	NN	It felt garish to live in such a place when the family of four was squashed together in one room .
tr	NNS	He put his palms around her face .
tr	NN	Mike crossed over the highway to head back .
tr	NN	Goulet returned their salute .
tr	NNS	He knows Beelzebub 's tricks .
tr	NN	" He does love poetry . "
tr	NNS	They could see small splashes as Ted swam laps .
tr	NN	The big man got the cruiser moving faster again , using the last of the diesel fumes to eke out more speed .
tr	NN	Forgiveness for his failure didn 't guarantee restoration of what they 'd once had together .
tr	NN	And that idiot who married the millionaire got a fortune from Playboy . "
tr	NNS	He also had more freckles than she had ever seen on a human being .
tr	NNS	Rita clarified their coming actions .
tr	NNS	But then you gave me the glass slippers etched with small wildflowers .
tr	NNS	" I should send you texts with smiley faces ?
tr	NNS	She took several deep , steadying breaths .
tr	NN	Accept your fate . "
tr	NN	She could make an announcement that it was her fault and this should not reflect poorly on any other member of the government .
tr	NNS	I pocketed the stripped eleven and eyed my next move .
tr	NN	Cash took a roller ball pen from his shirt pocket and wrote R. Richardson , 300 yards , and the date and time on the paper .
tr	NNS	The angels led me to you , they don 't give out addresses . "
tr	NNS	You 'll just muddy the waters .
tr	NN	One of my few pleasures in 13 is watching the handful of pampered Capitol " rebels " squirming as they try to fit in .
tr	NNS	now I need the rains to give me some solace . '
tr	NN	" Next time review the menu before you waste my time .
tr	NNS	We could never have meetings at her house .
tr	NNS	It took centuries to gather the most powerful among our kind into one place .
tr	NN	( She walks up to Mrs. Brill first and holds out a butterfly ) " Butterfly you , Mrs. Brill . "
tr	NNS	They were skimming the pages , looking for whatever was in the files that had Irwin so hot to get them back .
tr	NN	" I 've reported the vandalism before and nothing seems to help . "
tr	NN	It matched the empty tin in my messenger bag .
tr	NN	The guide plucked up the offering and disappeared into the grass .
tr	NN	" Where did you get the clock ? "
tr	NN	Which made her a potent bargaining tool .
tr	NNS	Anguish assailed his senses .
tr	NN	He understood my meaning and I felt him ready himself .
tr	NN	How exactly did they qualify " great success " with a crime rate so low ?
tr	NN	Fen gave a small derisive snort .
tr	NN	Nicholas , ever brooding and angry , began pacing .
tr	NNS	The previously designated clans had rotated members in an effort to further the illusion of a varying group appearance .
tr	NN	Only I have the potential to defeat him .
tr	NN	Such wasted potential . "
tr	NN	His hands stroked my thigh as he watched the movie , and my hand rubbed his stomach .
tr	NN	They scheduled an appointment for tomorrow before shaking hands and saying farewell .
tr	NN	If you keep still , you may have one free swing at him .
tr	NNS	We don 't all have maids to do our ironing . "
tr	NNS	Do you not follow politics ? '
tr	NN	If nothing else , I have my reputation to uphold .
tr	NN	Zoey followed his example and seated herself at the desk next to him .
tr	NN	She had a capacity for loving life that he hoped he 'd inherited .
tr	NN	She pulled out the bottom drawer and began rummaging through the files .
tr	NN	Mrs. Palmer might have left the collection to someone , or someone might have found them after her death .
tr	NNS	She placed down knives and forks , along with glass cups and a large jug of water filled with ice cubes .
tr	NN	" She has no involvement . "
tr	NNS	Though , he should have had millions .
tr	NN	Now where do I find a nurse 's uniform ?
tr	NN	* * * Louise walked down the block , trying to get a better look .
tr	NN	He asked still smiling , his face all aglow .
tr	NN	He , Frank , had no faith in anything he couldn 't see or touch .
tr	NNS	We 're having twins .
tr	NN	She couldn 't help the moan of pleasure as he took her with possessiveness .
tr	NN	Skull clenched the dagger on her hand .
tr	NN	Atop the ship , gleaming silver gun turrets formed a row of gun barrels , resembling a human spinal column .
tr	NNS	She found those items on the stacked shelves built into one side of the closet .
tr	NN	He pushed open the curtain .
tr	NN	By the way , did you see the article in Newsweek on Lake Elbow ?
tr	NNS	Slipping the top of her swimsuit down , he covered her bare breasts with his warm palms as he kissed her temple .
tr	NNS	" We 're playing cards .
tr	NN	She saw its feet stretch forward and its sharp toes reach for her , closer so fast she stopped breathing .
tr	NN	" Not his style .
tr	NN	" Mr. Stone , " she said tightly , " I cannot stand this constant banter .
tr	NNS	Why did Jagger have all the hoax material stashed in his apartment ?
tr	NN	I felt a pang of sympathy for her .
tr	NN	This earned him a respect from the rough Vikings that all his knowledge could not .
tr	NN	She felt her body quiver as her imagination allowed her to feel every action as if it were truly happening .
tr	NN	I feel an unexpected little zing in my stomach .
tr	NN	Instead he pulled out a pistol , held it up to the other 's head , and blasted through his face with a mighty crack .
tr	NNS	I considered several responses , most based on my new policy of rudeness , but a sudden deep exhaustion quenched anything I might have said .
tr	NNS	" Hopefully we can get the roads cleared at the same time and get the hell out of here . "
tr	NN	I 'm guessing that full detail you mentioned , because I know Gunner would have only needed one shot . "
tr	NNS	He couldn 't forget the emptiness he 'd seen in himself today .
tr	NNS	Belinda rallied her reserves .
tr	NNS	He cut his toenails about once a month .
tr	NN	I set the extinguisher in the corner behind me , walked over , and frisked Goon 1 , where I found a rather large pistol .
tr	NNS	I see a few small houses in that direction and what I assume is the town proper .
tr	NN	And not one of them meant a hill of beans to me .
tr	NN	She stabbed the fork into the cake and ate another bite .
tr	NNS	Please accept my apologies for not telling you that sooner . "
tr	NN	She gave a little smirk before shoulder bumping me and exiting the gymnasium .
tr	NNS	In fact , we do not even have plates and dining table .
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	She dug her fingernails into his back and he ground out , " Oh , shit . "
tr	NN	Nora looked at him , the fallen beach bum in his ridiculous costume , lying over there like he 'd been shot .
tr	NNS	" You know , venereal diseases . "
tr	NN	He set down his fork .
tr	NN	I 'd taken Patch 's advice and hadn 't called her out on lying to me , but this was inexcusable .
tr	NNS	He skimmed knuckles along her arm .
tr	NN	The moment his bare foot touched the world 's soil the source sensed him as well .
tr	NN	She paused and glanced out of the window and said distractedly but with such certainty Colin was momentarily stunned , " I have every faith . "
tr	NNS	' We need more teddy bears .
tr	NNS	Inside , we would probably find mud floors .
tr	NN	She has a black candle lit as she sits on the floor with a crystal in her hand .
tr	NNS	The city has always had enough empty buildings that most people can find at least partial shelter .
tr	NNS	" He valued those coins . "
tr	NN	He flipped the towel over his shoulder , watching me .
tr	NN	Row after row of terraced houses made up the estate , with little or no garden to brighten the layout .
tr	NN	He felt a sudden red lust for her that made him feel shaky , and he turned his head and looked away .
tr	NNS	I want more road trips like this with her .
tr	NNS	" Any drugs ? "
tr	NN	But we trusted the Scientist wholly .
tr	NN	For several minutes the trio discussed this topic before launching into a subject dearer to their hearts -- the latest fashions .
tr	NNS	" You take classes to learn to do that ? "
tr	NN	" Your grandfather has cancer ? "
tr	NNS	They all said prayers the baby would stay in the comfort of her womb for as long as possible .
tr	NNS	We should include Jennings , even though he 's in jail , myself , Colonel Gurney and Robbie McElroy .
tr	NNS	" We have two new Primes to instate today !
tr	NN	The crowd gave another shout and thundered .
tr	NNS	I don 't want the factions back .
tr	NN	Joe B. indicated a nearby station wagon with wood paneling on the sides .
tr	NNS	When he 'd first returned from his mother 's , he hadn 't heard any noises from next door .
tr	NN	She passed the Cadillac , which was parked under the last streetlight , and hesitated on the brink of the darkness beyond .
tr	NN	The man gave the door knob a twist .
tr	NN	" We 'd never get a conviction .
tr	NNS	But he did enjoy Web sites that focused on nude males who weren 't engaged in sexual activity .
tr	NNS	Pris gave me directions as I drove us down to the Chamber , it was only a two-minute drive - yes , Seaside really was that small .
tr	NN	He 's almost told me I 'll get his recommendation .
tr	NN	Albert handed the release to Ms. Payne .
tr	NN	" How did you conjure such a clever scheme ? "
tr	NN	Then she let out a loud moan , sat down , and howled at the moon .
tr	NN	Either way he deserved the whip in Nicolas 's voice .
tr	NN	Tiffany had read its meaning without having to try .
tr	NNS	We are not counting , of course , the entrance points for air freight . "
tr	NNS	Alex searched Brad 's pockets and found what she was looking for .
tr	NNS	He was still , like a statue , taking slow breaths .
tr	NN	That really left only one possibility .
tr	NN	Noelle didn 't take the vest from his hand .
tr	NN	Could he catch the culprit ?
tr	NNS	To prevent ' accidents ' that could result in people fathering their own grandfather .
tr	NNS	Ty never sped up his motions , though , just continued to thrust in , rocking in time with Zane 's panting breaths .
tr	NNS	All throughout the day I noticed students and teachers using magic .
tr	NN	said the fox , sounding pleased with itself .
tr	NN	" That would jeopardise the entire operation . "
tr	NN	I felt sicker than Kronos ever had but there was no way to stop or control my precipitate flight .
tr	NNS	Dropping my hands to my knees I took deep breaths .
tr	NNS	Jamie on the other hand sent his senses into orbit .
tr	NNS	I will use your own armies to hunt you down .
tr	NNS	If it got out my business was part of an investigation , I would lose clients . "
tr	NN	He opened the bottom drawer on the left .
tr	NN	I picked the seed off my sleeve and held it out to him .
tr	NNS	' You put pies upside down in runny peas and then put sauce on them .
tr	NNS	" Listen , should we try the mattresses first and then have some champagne ?
tr	NNS	" Take heed , son . "
tr	NN	She took the flute and downed the entire glass in one swallow .
tr	NN	shouted the Death of Rats , jumping up and down and making suggestive motions .
tr	NNS	He definitely gives the words ' pompous dickhead ' a new dimension .
tr	NN	Lacey slams her hairbrush into her bag .
tr	NN	" Rudolph the red nosed reindeer ! "
tr	NNS	The machines had four wheels , but they only touched the ground for landing .
tr	NNS	" We don 't have any anchors from that same day , but we can get close .
tr	NNS	Julia felt nauseous , realizing that for five years , her face had been on the label .
tr	NNS	I 'll gladly buy the refreshments , especially if they 're of this quality . "
tr	NN	She wore no makeup , which arguably she didn 't need because her skin was porcelain and perfect , her eyes an arresting blue-green .
tr	NN	Chase let out a snort of laughter .
tr	NNS	" We don 't keep samples on the premises . "
tr	NNS	" Tell him what we 're looking for , " Baldwin requests , and Zoe begins to speak to the old man in Creole .
tr	NN	I checked video , frame by frame , and saw the balls coming at the van , but I never saw you . "
tr	NN	" Spare my sanity and call her but don 't tell her it 's about me . "
tr	NN	They set a very dangerous trap for Charlie that could have killed you or Amy in the process .
tr	NN	Through the Ring of Honor , a Queen could monitor every nuance of a male 's life .
tr	NNS	I kick his ribs into a trotting circle .
tr	NN	They took the clerk with them .
tr	NN	He would not alter his treatment of her .
tr	NN	A savoury smell , rich with currants , onion , and spice , wafted up the stair , making Grey hasten his step .
tr	NNS	He carefully parted her thighs and she nearly groaned her impatience .
tr	NN	" We can also set a trap to prove or disprove Les 's theory . "
tr	NNS	He ran up the slopes , coming to the upland , and there found a group of Assassins waiting for him , their swords drawn .
tr	NNS	Goodness scanned the polished wooden pews and saw no one .
tr	NN	This cord had a special knot in it that was placed a little bit in front of the bait .
tr	NNS	The others filled their plates and for a few minutes the only noise from scraping of plates and chewing .
tr	NN	" You mean , plan a fund-raiser ? "
tr	NN	Then , from out of the final hangar , emerged the sleek hull of the shuttle .
tr	NN	She 'd received her first chemotherapy treatment the previous week and it had gone better than she 'd expected .
tr	NNS	I left a few drops of blood in the bottom before taking the packets out of my pocket and ripping them half-open .
tr	NNS	They had to be , he hadn 't seen any Human families during his flight or in the hotel .
tr	NNS	" And she loves chocolates .
tr	NN	He pulled a small scanner out of his pocket .
tr	NNS	She hooked her thumbs in his waistband , scratching a light trail over his h * ps until the underwear slipped down his legs .
tr	NNS	" You know the toll booths on all the major exit roads ? "
tr	NN	" Last night Mary gave me the password to her e-mail account and I posed as her while chatting with ' Wesley . '
tr	NN	But the bartender set her soda down right at that moment so she was able to escape his touch by lifting her glass to her mouth .
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths , seeking a way to divert Rachel 's aims without sounding hostile .
tr	NNS	Maybe we do have ghosts at Cedar Hill .
tr	NN	We ate dinner sitting cross-legged on the inflatable bed , which proved more difficult than I 'd thought .
tr	NN	The air in her room still held the lingering fragrance of a desert flower .
tr	NNS	They sometimes had bands there trying to promote themselves .
tr	NNS	He read the dusty directions again in the dim light and pushed the main lever upward .
tr	NN	" Baiting a trap .
tr	NNS	We exchanged email addresses after fumbling for a few seconds with a defunct app that was supposed to automatically transfer our contact info by bumping phones .
tr	NN	You 're just burning oxygen .
tr	NNS	I closed the drapes , and then moved over to his desk .
tr	NNS	Sutton had all the opportunities in the world , and yet she wasn 't taking advantage of any of them .
tr	NNS	Before her the rock face had left only inches of land between them and the river .
tr	NN	I remembered all at once my prayer for him to live when he 'd been praying in the Jordan River .
tr	NN	He felt his essence flow out from him like a deep , satisfying sigh .
tr	NN	Have you got a pen and paper ?
tr	NNS	But wolves beat both bears and Felines in the ability to follow scent .
tr	NNS	In summer , he gathered seeds , nuts , and fruit .
tr	NN	Dr. Green rattled off each item and marked them off , on her forms .
tr	NN	A shiver slithered up my spine as I finished my story .
tr	NNS	She did want more babies .
tr	NN	" I would kill your whore and your bastard baby .
tr	NN	This had an unexpected effect and I started choking on the air with each breath , trying to scream from the pain .
tr	NN	He kept his face impassive .
tr	NNS	" I 'll prepare supplies for the journey and have them waiting . "
tr	NN	They shared a destiny ; and Amber was to be so much more than a caretaker .
tr	NNS	A tray near the stove held two soup bowls waiting to be filled and a box of Junior Mints .
tr	NN	He heard the quick intake of her breath and knew he had something .
tr	NN	I received a steely glare for that one .
tr	NNS	As for responsibility , well ... humans always made changes .
tr	NNS	I usher my companions to stand within the silver circle before going to the operation console .
tr	NN	Working fast , she found the USB port in the desktop 's tower and shoved the drive in place .
tr	NNS	She picked one up almost as an afterthought and began flipping pages .
tr	NN	" My business is doing better every quarter .
tr	NNS	All had extras , of course , but they 'd need time to refill their revolvers once they were empty .
tr	NNS	Haddington was rubbing his temples .
tr	NNS	Bugs , insects - whatever we call them - don 't have noses like people or animals do .
tr	NNS	The desperation in their voices raises the hairs on my neck .
tr	NN	" AI 's very existence presumes an overwhelming moral consideration .
tr	NN	She drew that strand of energy into her body .
tr	NNS	" The exposure will have considerable repercussions .
tr	NN	Bax repeated the gesture on the right .
tr	NN	Then I took the scroll to the window and peered closely at it in full sunlight .
tr	NN	I should have a nice hot bath and soak away some of these aches too . "
tr	NNS	Can you , er , go bats now ? "
tr	NN	Lucas followed the chief and grabbed the sharpener .
tr	NN	* * * Nicolas came into his bedroom as he checked his e-mail on his tablet .
tr	NNS	It still added a little roughness to his face , which looked younger and fresher than ever .
tr	NNS	That she 'd willingly walk away from her career to be his wife , willingly take her chances in a new city , humbled him .
tr	NN	When our hands high-five each other , I feel this , like , bolt of electricity between us .
tr	NNS	He 'd had brains enough to find her and ask for it and she had given him a hug and a wad of $ 10 bills .
tr	NN	This ain 't got nothin ' to do with you .
tr	NN	You take out an immortal because you 've fought them , used the old traditions , earned the right . "
tr	NN	I made a batch of your favorite cookies .
tr	NN	Imagine a water flow .
tr	NN	As soon as I had it on and fastened I pulled the leather apron over my shoulders and clipped that at the back fastener .
tr	NNS	My internal bleeding takes many forms .
tr	NNS	" Two sealed crates of chow , a pile of medical supplies and guns .
tr	NN	No one had ever infuriated her faster than this shiftless , worthless , good-for-nothing bum .
tr	NN	Twenty-six minutes to get a confession .
tr	NN	Your next piloting job will probably be running cocaine in from Colombia after dark .
tr	NNS	Aly has her own tricks , Jared .
tr	NNS	... trust your efforts .
tr	NNS	Maybe I should keep my dogs in the house for a while . "
tr	NN	We 've got bigger fish to fry , so why don 't you just bug off and leave us alone ! "
tr	NNS	He put the cards back in the deck .
tr	NN	I had forgotten my umbrella back home and I wondered how I was going to make my way out in the rain .
tr	NN	Just enjoying the breeze .
tr	NNS	My eyes glued to the vast wealth only inches from where I stood .
tr	NN	If you tell what I tell you to the boss , you will lose your own credibility .
tr	NN	" My mother got a scholarship to college , but she had to work part time too .
tr	NN	" And I have a confession . "
tr	NN	' Suffer not a witch to live . '
tr	NNS	" Each has its own wonders and mysteries .
tr	NNS	The older Bert got the more he had trouble finding families who would take him in .
tr	NN	The mirror screams its loathing to my face .
tr	NN	He turns a knob .
tr	NNS	' I 'll give you a few examples .
tr	NN	When Amelie saw her Dad she let out a whoop of delight .
tr	NN	Sara heard another wail , fainter than the first .
tr	NNS	Hagan threw both cups of coffee in the trash can , shaking his head .
tr	NNS	The man has interesting tastes . "
tr	NN	Should the temple come under serious threat from the supernatural , the preceptor wil break the jar and use the relic to defend the brotherhood . "
tr	NN	" It 's in a flooded area , " he told her stiffly .
tr	NNS	I 'm taking no chances .
tr	NN	The next day , I scanned the internet for images of pro wrestlers .
tr	NNS	There were also packing supplies here and other boxes that appeared ready to be shipped .
tr	NNS	Both Boyle and Fin respect your skills and your opinion , and depend on both .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Jones puts the cups on the front sofa table , and I took a seat smiling .
tr	NN	Sterling put the possibility into words .
tr	NN	I can no longer open a jar of jelly ; I have the cashier at the supermarket do it before she slips it into the bag .
tr	NNS	" You put the charge into here , " she indicated the cables heading to each of the lasers .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness , too .
tr	NNS	The thatched roof had several leaks , so she laid out three big buckets to keep the wooden floor dry .
tr	NNS	But that , she knew , would only ease the loneliness for a short time .
tr	NNS	Take the clouds , for instance . "
tr	NNS	To open up new contacts for them , forge new alliances .
tr	NN	I could see Kira 's admiration as I stood listening to Mr. Powell scold me in front of our class .
tr	NNS	She had no skills out here in the real world , and relied entirely on him for everything .
tr	NNS	She put her palms down behind her and leaned back .
tr	NN	Sean felt her sighs ripple through her and straight into him .
tr	NNS	Snow dotted the roofs , and our breath rose in sheets to the grey expanse above .
tr	NNS	He picked up a few pebbles and , one by one , tossed them to her bedroom window , attempting to awaken her .
tr	NN	Liz could wear the ridicule outfit with the floppy hat .
tr	NNS	The mind plays tricks .
tr	NN	Behind him Tim exited the batting cage .
tr	NNS	Adara could see the clouds through them , and oftentimes the moon and stars , when the beast wheeled in frozen circles through the skies .
tr	NN	Ethan dropped the file on the desk beside her .
tr	NNS	There she laid the roses , white as the innocence she 'd lost .
tr	NN	" Willow , if your jaw gets any tighter you might crack a tooth .
tr	NN	After considering his options , none of which were good , he inserted the fax into the shredder .
tr	NN	I don 't need proof of it . "
tr	NN	I walked down the narrow passageway in front of him and Mr. Beard opened a door to our left .
tr	NNS	She patted the mattress .
tr	NNS	Pacific coral grows two-and-a-half centimeters a year , and the object - whatever it is - is covered in about five meters of coral .
tr	NN	" Hire an assistant , Mr. Jones .
tr	NN	Well , she 'd learned her lesson .
tr	NNS	By this time , Simon and Neil had finished the sandwiches and were asleep .
tr	NN	She waved the pink razor at me again .
tr	NNS	" He made donations too .
tr	NNS	Reading classic novels from the library .
tr	NNS	I feel our hearts beating as I run my fingers like a comb through his long hair and kiss him deeper .
tr	NN	Gatling asked , a needle already in his hands .
tr	NNS	He missed the reins , and the horse raced past , gradually slowing .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon for helping . "
tr	NN	We paid , like , a fortune for her . "
tr	NNS	Joe watched the crowds visiting the restrooms and the concession stand located to one side of the football field , searching for Buzz .
tr	NN	Then he takes the lid of the pot and he covers the pot with it .
tr	NN	She suspected the latter .
tr	NNS	He gave the tanner the coins .
tr	NN	I leaned the rake against the garage and took off downtown before Aisha could see me .
tr	NNS	They took up positions in a circle around her .
tr	NN	Claude cracked his knuckles .
tr	NN	That 's called rape , ladies . "
tr	NNS	It would take brains , and guts , and a breathtaking trust in sheer luck that it wouldn 't kill her .
tr	NN	" Hey , " yelled a male nurse from behind a glass wall , eyes on his monitors .
tr	NN	And then , slowly , it fell forward landing right next to Nicolas with a crash .
tr	NN	Behind the statue of the man with the outstretched hand , I saw the flick of a long tail and black and white stripes .
tr	NNS	His hand left white marks behind , each gloved finger leaving an imprint on my skin .
tr	NNS	You need antibiotics , and we need to get this over and done with .
tr	NN	Because she certainly felt her status in that moment .
tr	NN	He counted a dozen , four wounded , but not badly .
tr	NNS	The crystal snowflake ornaments in the windows throwing out tiny rainbows of color .
tr	NN	" It means " chief " - sort of . "
tr	NN	An old man played a mournful tune on a banjo , singing lyrics he couldn 't make out .
tr	NNS	She made her way a few yards to the north , jogging , ignoring the pain in her body now .
tr	NNS	Jeff dug his fingernails into the leather armrest and took a deep breath .
tr	NN	Leon stroked his beard , walking slowly through the sand so that Kane could maintain pace with the wagon .
tr	NNS	They had broken several items as they knocked each other against the table , walls and appliances .
tr	NN	The man puffed on his pipe and smoke cast a veil over his coarse features .
tr	NN	The machine replies , then asks , " Why privacy ? "
tr	NNS	We will put our fins on once we get to about waist depth and then start our swim out .
tr	NN	Bry was examining the single large sail , but he didn 't seem to notice me .
tr	NNS	Here 's hoping this leads somewhere good .
tr	NNS	" So in your case plan more dates at the cemetery . "
tr	NNS	I 've never seen her around before and jealousy creeps up my neck and into my face , infecting my thoughts .
tr	NNS	I took off my flops and let my toes play with the cold law books .
tr	NN	" Or some whipped cream , right here . "
tr	NN	They walked down the pier to the gangway .
tr	NN	No , he hadn 't shot chocolate into his eyes by mistake .
tr	NNS	" You aren 't casting spells on anyone . "
tr	NNS	" Everyone has equal opportunities to better themselves . "
tr	NNS	Sarah rubbed her temples in confusion .
tr	NNS	Stepping inside Johnny saw pages of scribbled calculations .
tr	NNS	He would peel back the layers until the woman was exposed and given exclusively to him .
tr	NN	I could feel the salty tang on my tongue , drying out the cave of my mouth .
tr	NNS	" Um , I have some condoms in my luggage . "
tr	NNS	That which is mother and bound by deed , let fire consume the parasites that feed .
tr	NN	Though I could feel his anger and frustration , I couldn 't help but admire the hard ripple of muscles as he straightened .
tr	NN	He sets down his own fork .
tr	NNS	Said we didn 't respect the old gods like Society used to .
tr	NNS	" Each of you has made cogent arguments that must be considered .
tr	NN	You know ... a ditch digger . "
tr	NNS	Maybe you couldn 't completely eradicate centuries of faith .
tr	NN	Only through utmost focus and unrivalled determination will you achieve your echo and discover where your place is .
tr	NN	I was biting my fingernail .
tr	NN	In one fluid movement she slid off the sofa and slipped on her panties .
tr	NN	Patrick didn 't add the unnecessary detail that his girlfriend 's husband had convinced her to stay with him and raise the child as their own .
tr	NN	The white noise had its accompanying visual void , as well -- white light -- into which all action fell .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have male reactions if ' here ' doesn 't sanction them .
tr	NN	He devoured his burger in five deliberate bites .
tr	NNS	The rest of the men drew nearer .
tr	NN	' I need pen and paper ! '
tr	NN	Can 't do nothin ' like that .
tr	NN	I asked the cop , trying to keep my shaking voice even .
tr	NN	" Every now and again , when I feel a student has the potential to be successful , I allow part time status .
tr	NN	" Your father sought sanctuary with mine , once upon a time , and support when he needed it to regain the throne of Gwynedd .
tr	NN	The rector opened the scroll .
tr	NNS	He scraped bits of the substance into a plastic bag he had stored in his diving suit .
tr	NN	She grasped the bat attached to his hand by its ears .
tr	NNS	He pushed down the abyss of memories always there waiting , threatening to swallow him .
tr	NN	I 'll get the charger tomorrow .
tr	NN	" I 'd say that 's bull .
tr	NNS	Now we can make six waffles at a time . "
tr	NN	He looked so funny flailing around on the ground , like a beetle on its back , that I laughed despite myself .
tr	NNS	Kip rebuffed Josie 's attempts to thank him for coming , for showing support .
tr	NNS	She would drop off the cushions and buy some towels and other things .
tr	NN	The deer 's nose nudged my hip .
tr	NN	She handed me the pen and stood up .
tr	NN	" I would like some lip gloss , first . "
tr	NNS	" You ate two bites of it . "
tr	NN	She hears the driver alight .
tr	NN	Without even being conscious of what she was doing , Beth grabbed a clump of the horse 's main and effortlessly pulled herself up onto its back .
tr	NNS	The crowd went wild cheering .
tr	NN	A chill ran up my spine ; I was not entirely sure what I had just gotten myself into .
tr	NN	I was liking this lesson , liking it a lot .
tr	NN	Jack slung his rifle over his shoulder and grabbed the garden hoe from the porch railing .
tr	NNS	He pulled out two cans of soda , cracking one open and handing it to me .
tr	NNS	They are discussing possible outcomes .
tr	NNS	Must 've been eating vampire wares recently .
tr	NNS	I do have other obligations . "
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to slap my forehead and sighed instead .
tr	NNS	We don 't need any cowboys . "
tr	NN	She 'd called the devil , and now he 'd come calling on her .
tr	NNS	Our leaders laugh and make jokes at receptions in Moscow .
tr	NN	He called the lab and was told they had samples of their modifications and cleaned up versions waiting for collection .
tr	NNS	Tell the miners , all of them who would like to work , to come to El Rancho Diego tomorrow morning and bring their tools .
tr	NNS	" This is ridiculous , " said Soames and started marching towards the door .
tr	NNS	It took me millions of years , but you , you are a disgrace !
tr	NNS	Once they saw the river would head south again , they beached their canoes and took a well-deserved rest .
tr	NN	I stroked his rock hard shaft beneath the water , staring into the dark green depth of his eyes .
tr	NN	" But he saw the folly of keeping a castle like this .
tr	NN	' We have protection . '
tr	NN	He unrolled the rag , showing a crescent-shaped wound , still oozing blood .
tr	NN	She heard his deep groan , felt his seed pulse and then spill out , but he didn 't cease , didn 't grow softer .
tr	NN	I took the fish from him and sat on the grass .
tr	NNS	He 'd spent centuries managing his rage and was practiced at doing so .
tr	NN	Durante might not exact his revenge on his father to the full .
tr	NNS	I 'd also read more modern novels , from people who 'd lived only decades before the Fall .
tr	NNS	The group that 'd gone pointed out the access points that we could use to get through , avoiding as many infected as possible .
tr	NN	He took the comb from my slack fingers and started combing my hair .
tr	NN	Gabriel hit my backside sharply and growled , " I said faster . "
tr	NNS	" Please don 't make excuses for her .
tr	NN	" How can you keep that upbeat attitude under such crushing odds ? "
tr	NNS	The men exchanged grins .
tr	NNS	Until recently , she had allowed only the members of her family and a very few close friends to view the paintings .
tr	NN	Next , he rinsed out the incision with a salted water solution he had prepared before the surgery .
tr	NNS	Winston also discovered a few advanced models lying broken on the pavement .
tr	NN	She inspected the sooty film on her fingertips .
tr	NN	Sliding her legs out the window and down over the ledge , her feet found a knot and took hold .
tr	NN	You 'll be taking a chunk out of the roof , just in front of the airlock in the rear of the vehicle .
tr	NN	I resist the powerful urge to roll my eyes .
tr	NN	Victor had already mentioned the next goal of taking the fight to the surface , and both Sergei and Isaac agreed to it .
tr	NNS	He cupped my breasts .
tr	NN	He might take a hearth witch for a lover to satisfy his body 's needs , but he 'd never give his heart to one .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , he ignored my rudeness .
tr	NNS	After their breakfast , they serve the patients and then join the other children for a snowball fight .
tr	NN	You found my cloth ... " " The dog ? "
tr	NNS	She wore tan slacks and a burgundy polo style shirt , with " La Salle Inn " embroidered above the pocket , just below her nametag .
tr	NN	Why do you have this document ? "
tr	NNS	" Something big just happened folks .
tr	NNS	I could hear the tiny smashing noises of concern on concrete .
tr	NN	His first admission caused a ripple of murmurs throughout the room .
tr	NNS	The giant sold drugs , which was sleazy enough , but he specialized in getting kids hooked on the stuff .
tr	NN	" You 'd make a killer poker player . "
tr	NN	" We 'll throw down a rug .
tr	NNS	And hey , get your mind out of the gutter , I wasn 't taking off that many layers .
tr	NNS	To justify his failure as he propagates tales of his lucky escape ?
tr	NNS	Often , it didn 't even suit my interests .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to clutch at my sweatshirt , to tug the fabric into some invisible magical shield .
tr	NN	He 's doing wel . "
tr	NNS	But Yin was killing members of his own family ! "
tr	NN	She 'd accepted his confession without judgment or disgust .
tr	NNS	I had powers beyond human imaginings , but they were nothing that could actually help humans .
tr	NNS	And rockets that could reach other planets ... my mind was consumed with thoughts of what we might learn from galactic travelers .
tr	NNS	" My pleasure , " he said softly , " everyone needs the basics , Brynne .
tr	NN	Bargain basement addition at best . "
tr	NNS	" My dad taught me a few tricks to help get your muscles back into shape once the swelling goes down .
tr	NNS	The mook managed a few good shots ( again , are there ever any bad ones in a book like this ? )
tr	NNS	" Inside the bags you will find two suits .
tr	NNS	" And there 's just living apartments here ? "
tr	NNS	He pointed out areas where they made clothes and other necessities , like soap and furniture .
tr	NN	" Why you got a rifle then , Davy ? "
tr	NNS	Letting his knees buckle he fell backwards .
tr	NNS	" We 've several business contacts from which to gain a line of credit .
tr	NN	This guy obviously surrounded every detail of her college experience .
tr	NN	She put the Ice into her mouth and swallowed .
tr	NN	While the other kids his age studied combat training , Hazard was developing his already extraordinary talent with languages .
tr	NN	He offers me a pat on the back .
tr	NNS	So far , I had Letitia 's suspicions of gambling but I didn 't have a strong link between the women and Julie Caesar .
tr	NN	" She has cancer , but she refuses to go and get treatments ; she 's just going to let herself die .
tr	NNS	She has a few hundred dollars left .
tr	NNS	We have no skills , no understanding of life in this time ... I 'd rather just go off and try to eke out a retirement . "
tr	NN	He admired the white landscape from the porch .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths and positioned my arms so my wrists wouldn 't get squished beneath my body .
tr	NN	She had the most juvenile urge to stick out her tongue at them .
tr	NN	Lily did not have the patience to agree .
tr	NN	I directed my glare of complete evil between the two of them .
tr	NN	When I looked at it I felt a pity that nearly killed my heart .
tr	NNS	Time to plant some bombs .
tr	NNS	In this manner , the church could control great numbers of people .
tr	NNS	Suddenly he felt countless cold drops of the silk line over his body .
tr	NN	I read the article , but an hour later when I tried to find it again , it was gone . "
tr	NN	" Or I will issue a warrant for her arrest .
tr	NN	His electrocution by a humble dishwasher bore comparison with his metaphorical link to society .
tr	NN	" You have my vote . "
tr	NN	" I opened the fridge and saw the marmalade and grapefruit .
tr	NNS	He 'll have kept his tracks covered .
tr	NN	She added a big , loud yawn for Marie 's benefit .
tr	NN	Put that extra lint to good use .
tr	NN	She took up her pencil and , on her last drawing of Kaz , inscribed a K right over his classically sculpted buttock .
tr	NN	She tucked a wayward strand of hair behind her ear , and for the first time since he walked in , she looked completely scattered .
tr	NNS	Within the next day or so she 'll inherit all his lands and wealth and be the richest woman in England . "
tr	NNS	The one we 'll be using , we can almost watch our own selves going through the forest in real time . "
tr	NN	I didn 't expect his betrayal to bury me so deep .
tr	NN	She brandished the mop beneath his nose in a warning gesture .
tr	NNS	A few of those twenty-five cent kiddie rides that you find outside of grocery stores .
tr	NN	Halen didn 't mind the comparative solitude any more than Shannon seemed to .
tr	NNS	My heart sped up a few beats wondering if Capone was going to keep his end of the deal or not .
tr	NNS	I love Ferris wheels . "
tr	NNS	" It doesn 't matter , you know , " she said , her defenses down .
tr	NNS	She made trips to nursing homes and children 's cancer wards .
tr	NN	" Give me my proof that Kira lives , and let us be done with this business between us . "
tr	NN	To be honest , she had considered that possibility .
tr	NNS	He could almost see the wheels turning .
tr	NN	" You have the tape ? "
tr	NNS	At dawn , they were approaching the beaches .
tr	NNS	" Stupid pets of yours . "
tr	NNS	Then , hand in hand , they would hold their coins and step into the light .
tr	NNS	Probably better gas prices there .
tr	NN	He dug a condom out of his pocket and put it on , all the while watching her .
tr	NN	I figure part troll .
tr	NNS	Changing tack in her mind , Kathy examined the monitors .
tr	NNS	A few times they thought they had been found , as guards removed light panels looking for secrets .
tr	NN	Within a few hundred years , the bureaucracy ran virtually every aspect of life on the continent .
tr	NN	Put that very pistol , or whatever it is , down .
tr	NN	Wandering into the kitchen , I grabbed a soda from the fridge .
tr	NNS	Smiling , Kelly admired the masculine face inches from her own .
tr	NNS	She treated victims of violence , but she wasn 't a victim and she had never wanted to vomit from pain .
tr	NNS	Or , I 've got rocket pops . "
tr	NNS	Her slippers made scuffing noises as she shuffled from room to room with no real purpose or direction .
tr	NN	Thank goodness she was too grief-stricken to care about my questions .
tr	NN	" But you could have stolen the rifle , passed it to Pica , and let her do the shooting . "
tr	NN	These quiet homes with their happy lives held no meaning for her .
tr	NNS	It contained ball gowns .
tr	NN	He lifted a pistol to his chin .
tr	NN	He will probably have a massive hangover too .
tr	NNS	This would 've done wonders for my do . "
tr	NN	I heard a door slam behind me but I didn 't care where he had gone .
tr	NN	Sara had taken a liking to his family that surpassed being polite .
tr	NNS	I rolled a few inches away and lay flat on my back .
tr	NNS	The roving shadows of clouds spilled faint blues and purples onto the landscape .
tr	NN	Through the western windows , a few long dusty rays illuminated the giant tapestry quilt on the wall .
tr	NNS	Michael smiled thinly , and gestured at the empty road .
tr	NNS	The highest-paid GWA wrestler , Goliath , made between two and three million dollars a year , half of that from merchandise sales .
tr	NNS	She 's either planning meals , directing the help , counseling villagers or handling any number of other tasks .
tr	NNS	We followed the faint tracks and came to an empty chamber .
tr	NN	His statement both deflated the president and flared the fear brighter in his eyes .
tr	NN	Avery let out a whoop .
tr	NN	Three more figures crested that same ridge then , and my relief faded .
tr	NN	Julia pushed the rolling rack away from Helen 's office and heading around the corner to the book stacks .
tr	NNS	She purchased the items Clara had suggested for Edward and waited while the woman wrapped them .
tr	NN	I frown , shaking my curls , slapping the shovel into the dirt .
tr	NNS	We 'd had other classes together , and he was one of Kempton 's brightest students .
tr	NN	I just got a little dizzy , that 's all .
tr	NNS	He grabbed me by my arms and held me still , his face only inches from my own .
tr	NN	He could learn any language .
tr	NN	I was already moving Liz 's thin frame , swinging her back and forth .
tr	NN	" Oh , yeah , take that Jamal ! "
tr	NNS	The light from my bedside lamp highlighted his ripped biceps and his lean abdomen .
tr	NNS	I focused the two side cameras on the house .
tr	NN	" Sorry , Eddie , the Toad says still no brew for you . "
tr	NNS	There were now pronounced hiccups and as they staggered leftward they changed in pattern markedly .
tr	NNS	Even though you are learning to look past such emotions , I needed your reactions to be honest . "
tr	NNS	I know the eligible gentlemen in London and the chances I have with each .
tr	NNS	Talon bared his fangs at the two of them .
tr	NNS	He 'd made excuses for a month now , but I finally talked him into it .
tr	NNS	She could see members of the court milling about the lush palace gardens , a few of the aristocrats out in boats upon the lake 's surface .
tr	NNS	When he got to the top his helmet 's visor was already turning dark purple .
tr	NN	Behind it stood a gray speckled mare with a light gray mane , equally beautiful .
tr	NN	Even then , my plan sounded childish , but it was the only hope I had .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods she 'd parked on a side street when she returned to the Courtyard .
tr	NN	Quentin deepened his scowl and leaned casually on the sign , hoping he looked like he meant it .
tr	NN	I 'd barely reached the pavement when my cell phone rang , the sound seeming shrill and uneasy against the cool calm of the sea air .
tr	NN	Her soldier soul couldn 't ignore the command even as her wife heart screamed in protest .
tr	NNS	Unlike the rest of his life , he made no stumbles in the bedroom .
tr	NN	I set my backpack on the floor , then splashed warm water on my face .
tr	NNS	And baffling hormonal changes as well .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his ribs and grinned down at her .
tr	NNS	He had issues , and he clearly didn 't intend to deal with them any time soon .
tr	NN	Arizona gave them a thumbs-up .
tr	NNS	Magazines blanket the shelves with bylines proclaiming the " Joys of Motherhood . "
tr	NN	Kennedy finally allowed Joe to get up , but the moment he stood , Joe took another swing .
tr	NN	I dropped the bloodied cloth and pulled out my sword .
tr	NN	I owed a favor ; the department helped me find an adorable little Siamese mix for my wife Deborah 's birthday last year . "
tr	NN	As if needing a distraction , she eyed the caller ID .
tr	NN	First , wages , as well as uniforms , and rooms , and also meals -- no , I cannot condone such a foolish scheme . "
tr	NN	I grabbed a towel and stepped into a stall , snapping the curtain shut behind me .
tr	NNS	" Like you have the hots for him ?
tr	NNS	Since the day he ran away from home to live in dorms at college , he had had nightmares of his father 's nocturnal visits .
tr	NNS	We had some delays . "
tr	NNS	But I heard dogs ... or wolves .
tr	NN	Suddenly she felt an overwhelming urge to call Cameron and thank him .
tr	NNS	His ice eyes burned into hers , the intensity in them left her breathless .
tr	NNS	That only fueled their giggles more .
tr	NN	He didn 't try and fight the compulsion to push himself to his feet .
tr	NN	The collision had apparently opened up the hull and the Spanish ship was sinking .
tr	NNS	" Did you make my pies ? "
tr	NNS	' As you can see , ' he motioned to the busy columns of ultra-violet , ' we have our own protective measures against such time radiation .
tr	NN	" Have some respect , Vanessa , Samantha is my wife . "
tr	NNS	He followed their tracks staying low in the grass , with his ears tuned for the slightest sound .
tr	NNS	Sean had a few scratches and bite marks on his flesh as well , silent signals of Andrea 's mating frenzy .
tr	NN	Kalia had set a trap and tried to kill her !
tr	NN	" Nothing since we hit orbit . "
tr	NN	He squeezed my butt as he carried me into the bathroom .
tr	NNS	" I gave you the powers my mother conferred on me .
tr	NNS	Remember my efforts to write a novel ?
tr	NNS	At that moment , he had no supporting arguments .
tr	NN	Just a couple of days ago they 'd seen a news broadcast that said the US Army was going to aid the survivors .
tr	NNS	Belinda has contacts everywhere .
tr	NNS	" Surely you recognize the marks of a switch ? "
tr	NNS	" We 've been having some issues with the trains tonight .
tr	NN	By the time Will and Jackson went to bed , they 'd expressed more respect for Jace .
tr	NNS	The tracer chips should be sending you location signals as well as status reports .
tr	NNS	Heather was taking no chances of another attack on Daniel .
tr	NNS	His dad is still studying the shots on the screen in the corner .
tr	NNS	" Nude beaches ? "
tr	NN	And , Hope you got your cute butt out of bed this morning !
tr	NN	Grant carefully set the crown on her head as tears glistened in her eyes .
tr	NN	Inside lay a cluster of photographs , all of Hart , all showing much skin .
tr	NNS	Keeping his back to the fence , Ted slowly scanned his surroundings .
tr	NN	Then he tied the ribbon neatly back in place .
tr	NNS	He stuck his thumbs in his pockets and left the living room .
tr	NN	You need a bath as much as I do ! "
tr	NN	Something other than his moment of doubt caused his god to pause .
tr	NN	The planet suddenly had a reputation and humans were seen as tough beings not to be messed with .
tr	NN	" You drive a hard bargain . "
tr	NN	Eric couldn 't stop the next groan when Iona reached the base of his cock , fingers finding and cupping his balls .
tr	NN	He looked up at the sky and said quietly , " Good-bye , Tami .
tr	NNS	I sang the lyrics as loudly as I possibly could and strummed with everything in me .
tr	NNS	" So even the Devil desires good deeds ?
tr	NNS	Friday he won a few hundred dollars playing craps before Mary pulled him away .
tr	NN	He twisted the knob , pushed open the door , and thrust his light into the bathroom .
tr	NN	I can speak the invaders ' language .
tr	NN	That man has such a terrible reputation .
tr	NNS	" You kill your test subjects left and right .
tr	NN	" So now we have enough proof against Duncan .
tr	NNS	He told her tales of wars , the fights and triumphs of time .
tr	NN	He restrained his impulse to engage her abundant gifts .
tr	NN	I pulled out my blue TEB pen .
tr	NN	Joey had pulled up a loose diagram of the floor plan for the house we were about to raid and explained the plan .
tr	NN	In fact , I myself held the vigil the Sunday night before you were found in the woods .
tr	NN	" You 'll want privacy . "
tr	NNS	And the wolves would have left claw marks , not knife slashes . "
tr	NNS	" Did you find those pages ? "
tr	NNS	The men watch their monitors intently .
tr	NNS	" From the tapes . "
tr	NN	Got you , little bird .
tr	NN	I 've learned patience when it comes to him . "
tr	NN	" I need info on this kid . "
tr	NN	Then she saw the pulse throbbing in Conrad 's temple , a flash of something in his eyes that looked remarkably like ... raw rage .
tr	NNS	After breakfast was over , Steven cleared the plates .
tr	NN	She sensed his utter sincerity , the intensity of his emotion .
tr	NN	You did find that would-be assassin while the rest of us were looking in the wrong place . "
tr	NN	The doctor and tech were watching the monitor , so they didn 't see what Jasmine and I did .
tr	NN	" Very strong material .
tr	NNS	She had masses of ink black hair and had collected an impressive amount of ink on her arms .
tr	NN	I have this unexplainable urge to protect you . "
tr	NNS	For a killer , she has good people skills ; no wonder Dina digs her .
tr	NN	That will give us all the same ammo for the new Air Wing we are building over here .
tr	NNS	" Crazy dreams , nightmares that would make her scream .
tr	NN	" Luke made pasta . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	Luc skimmed her bulky frame and offered her the traditional title of respect although she didn 't wear a nurse 's uniform .
tr	NNS	Then I lost the senses , but while I was abandoning entirely me I felt on the face a gust of fresh air .
tr	NNS	She flips off the covers and staggers to the bathroom .
tr	NN	He flipped the mic to constant feed , which would use more battery , but time was of the essence now .
tr	NNS	" I 've no illusions about Caroline 's behavior .
tr	NNS	Other guns had power packs that were not lit up .
tr	NN	Thank god that I hadn 't died !
tr	NNS	He shoved aside the covers , sat up and reached for his pants .
tr	NN	Acheron tied the gag as if he 'd done it many times before .
tr	NNS	The others jerked to the left and right , slowing until their assaulted pack member could recover his senses .
tr	NNS	You have the abilities , now you need the training and practice . "
tr	NN	If his plan worked , the inside corner of the loading docks would make a perfect trap .
tr	NN	He straightened her gown , then crossed the room , picked up a comforter from a divan , returned , and covered her with it .
tr	NN	She handed him the shoe .
tr	NN	Utter no such folly in my presence . "
tr	NN	By the time we were sixteen , the ice cream and movies took a backseat to the boys .
tr	NNS	She always had enjoyed good foods , good wine and great sex .
tr	NNS	" Already lost two pairs of gloves this winter and my mom wouldn 't let me leave the house no other way . "
tr	NN	A shiver ran down my spine as I followed behind which had nothing to do with the chill in the air .
tr	NNS	Gold floral upholstered sofas .
tr	NNS	She checked her pockets .
tr	NNS	Outside this sphere Beatriz noted the similarities of other settlements along the coastline .
tr	NN	" I 'm taking a crap . "
tr	NNS	But the shooter saw their movements .
tr	NN	She would have the redemption she sought .
tr	NNS	My real friends and family had signed confidentiality agreements and weren 't speaking to the press without approval .
tr	NNS	" He picks up his dates in a van ?
tr	NNS	We don 't need outsiders . "
tr	NNS	Their presence alone would undo any stealthy measures Serena performs .
tr	NNS	He sees wolves everywhere . "
tr	NNS	Forming an assembly line , they piled 60 gold bricks onto the ground about ten feet from the wagon and then called to Abby to join them .
tr	NNS	My cats eat the roaches . "
tr	NNS	Your company is poisoning millions of people every year and paving the path for their destruction .
tr	NNS	The parents would pull their students out of my class .
tr	NN	I trusted the nurse in the prison hospital with some details about Christian because I thought it might help him .
tr	NN	The flat look didn 't do her new platinum color justice .
tr	NN	Jem gripped the cage he was holding tighter .
tr	NN	We 're going ice skating ? "
tr	NNS	He cracks the reins and pulls away in a cloud of dust .
tr	NNS	We 've gotten offers from smaller labels before but never anything like this !
tr	NN	She held out the highly coveted basket .
tr	NNS	She also researched several new charities that had been introduced to her .
tr	NNS	He counts out one thousand US dollars .
tr	NN	This proposal would provide the proof she needed to support the blinding logic and cost effectiveness of increasing her staff .
tr	NNS	He could not stop his innards from spilling to the floor .
tr	NNS	I give you twelve breaths to consider . "
tr	NNS	Questions , especially why and what , fulfilled those desires .
tr	NNS	It was also absent the expected pastoral landscapes and family portraits .
tr	NN	Maybe we needed closure .
tr	NN	Surviving Texas National Guards saw the massacre , and they fled .
tr	NNS	" Dark hearts ? "
tr	NNS	" The Half Moon 's serving sandwiches now .
tr	NNS	While the metal did this , the sensors in the head sent out signals until one was recognized .
tr	NNS	I throw the covers off and see Will sitting on the edge of the bed .
tr	NNS	He took a few shallow breaths before continuing .
tr	NNS	I used up all my tricks doing this the first time . "
tr	NN	I grip the doorknob and haul the front door open .
tr	NN	I 've uploaded their equivalent of DNA into my database .
tr	NNS	I had no illusions about myself .
tr	NN	Together he and Otto loaded the rocket with its cargo , sealed it , and then Otto set the guidance system 's clock .
tr	NN	A single oval room merely twice his height and six yards across .
tr	NNS	But I can 't touch the knots , and I can 't bite them . '
tr	NNS	They hefted two bricks at a time , one in each hand , checking the underside for Black Widow Spiders .
tr	NN	Collecting myself , I slam the trunk down .
tr	NN	Why don 't we implement a mandatory curfew after work hours ?
tr	NN	He felt a little apprehensive about the conversation he needed to have with her .
tr	NN	Even then , we couldn 't see the monument .
tr	NN	If you kill her , you 'll commit a mortal sin ! "
tr	NNS	" Slight problem however , " the woman continued , smiling sweetly , " Rick is out showing houses this morning .
tr	NNS	The skilled team of commandos had taken up secure positions across the front of the small lodge , keeping the place covered .
tr	NN	There it rotated , sighted one of the laser lines , and transmitted coordinates down the wire to the computer .
tr	NNS	So he was on teasing terms with his king .
tr	NNS	Alone , with appalling abruptness , she could shed her inhibitions .
tr	NN	He mistook her meaning . '
tr	NN	Behind them a former mourner tipped a drawer out on to the floor .
tr	NNS	" As a warning to others who abuse defenseless citizens . "
tr	NN	Brick raised his objection .
tr	NNS	They wore shields made from the same , shaped into a triangle with the wider part at the top and the narrow at the bottom .
tr	NN	" So you found some success here in California ? "
tr	NNS	Come on over for a few minutes , I got biscuits . "
tr	NNS	In its seven year reign , it grossed nearly one billion dollars .
tr	NN	But hey , at least we learned one great lesson : " Every village has its idiot , and every galaxy its humans " .
tr	NN	He gave a snort .
tr	NN	Still , I 'd rather not have the owner alerted of the break-in and theft .
tr	NN	But not before Shea caught the echo of the primitive , territorial male .
tr	NNS	He made growling noises as he spoke , his vocal cords rusty and strained .
tr	NN	The man put his ID and badge away and addressed Bloom after the door shut .
tr	NNS	They have varied tastes and personalities . "
tr	NN	They have no god , only idols . "
tr	NNS	" We have the steaks going , cousin .
tr	NNS	And he provided directions to where the son of Kolya Maks lived .
tr	NN	He drank some juice but ignored everything else .
tr	NNS	" My maleness has no spines . "
tr	NN	His hand patted the quiver , unwilling to believe that there was nothing there .
tr	NNS	Mia kicked back the covers and got out of bed .
tr	NN	But one pair of black biker boots with skulls and crossbones for buckles caught her eve .
tr	NNS	Since the kiss that morning , Neal hadn 't renewed his attentions .
tr	NN	I felt adrenaline pump through me and my drunkenness ebbed a bit .
tr	NNS	She used the same arguments she 'd made with me , though Marcus wasn 't as swayed by her beautiful eyes as I was .
tr	NN	On his way out of the store , Winston had grabbed a roomy new backpack to replace his leather bag .
tr	NNS	" Pull the tubes . "
tr	NN	He closed the menu again , thinking this was guilt he could have done without .
tr	NNS	I 'm feeling dizzy . "
tr	NN	He had splashed red paint on the articles where he could , but the scrape of swords had largely ripped the color away .
tr	NNS	" I have no illusions that I look good .
tr	NNS	To copy Cora 's favorite saying , ' he just lost hotness points ' .
tr	NN	The smell of the cell -- industrial cleaners , sweat , fear -- made her throat ache , or maybe that was just her general tension .
tr	NNS	I don 't wear contacts .
tr	NN	She gave a faux shudder .
tr	NNS	He hates females in authority . "
tr	NNS	A Guardian could banish the building blocks entirely -- there is no way to bring them back unless you have Guardians too . "
tr	NN	The strength of his concern for her made her tremble .
tr	NNS	I expect confessions . "
tr	NN	He takes a timid step backwards .
tr	NN	Even as she walked through the streets she could feel the crunch of sand under her feet .
tr	NNS	Maybe even with some luck they could contact allies who could be of assistance .
tr	NN	He gave him a handshake , and it couldn 't have been my imagination that Dad winced when he shook Ryder 's hand .
tr	NNS	Why do I have the deeds to my house ? "
tr	NNS	She gathered up their plates , hustled around with the cooler , and was ready to go fifteen minutes before the whistle .
tr	NN	The cleanup crew had given him a towel , and he kept wiping sweat off his face , neck , and arms .
tr	NNS	It had three rubber wheels .
tr	NN	I had this impression that I didn 't get to hear him laugh a lot .
tr	NN	" You 'll wake up the whole darn valley . "
tr	NNS	Did she have two stalkers ... or just one ?
tr	NNS	Olivia got butterflies in her stomach thinking about his voice caressing the word , Love .
tr	NNS	First , I hadn 't gotten any vibes off Jasmine 's body in the library .
tr	NNS	She still wore her simple gray gowns , with fur boots in the winter and leather boots in the summer .
tr	NN	" Then may the gods that are left have pity on us . "
tr	NN	This wouldn 't do , he couldn 't allow even the smallest task to be overlooked .
tr	NN	My own anxiety level jumped off the scale .
tr	NNS	" We have some contacts in Homeland Security .
tr	NN	His friend had a knowing curl to his lips .
tr	NN	I also saw a pinpoint of light on the trail coming out to the boardwalk .
tr	NNS	I flashed my fangs at him .
tr	NN	California gold had originally fueled the district 's creation , but Nevada silver secured its place in the American financial world .
tr	NN	He forced out an exhalation .
tr	NNS	Caitlin lifted her wineglass to her lips , her eyes on him .
tr	NN	Deckard asked the waiter , as he righted the tables on the walk .
tr	NNS	He like the waffles . "
tr	NNS	Pond and Markham manned gunner stations just in case , and Riddick was strapped into a passenger chair with Spark keeping him company .
tr	NN	But I can understand the impulse . "
tr	NN	She offers him the jewellery , which is still sewn into the hem of her skirt .
tr	NN	" Snatched the carrier right out of Molly 's hand . "
tr	NN	Feel the warm sensation of it sliding over his skin as they made love in it .
tr	NNS	I 'm touching the covers he 's wrapped in every night .
tr	NN	" Or a hunter ? "
tr	NN	He couldn 't find a single example anywhere in CID to base his profile on and there was nothing in the Standard issue guide that helped either .
tr	NNS	Our love hadn 't fixed the emptiness inside .
tr	NN	He again sat the fork in place and gazed westward .
tr	NN	I felt a pang of jealousy .
tr	NN	Two assistants rolled out a podium , and the spotlights changed , shining on the podium itself .
tr	NNS	To most humans ecology and the environment were closed subjects .
tr	NN	If her trick was discovered , she could lose her credibility and her coins .
tr	NN	Twin skid marks scarred the gray asphalt .
tr	NN	Use your mom 's Miss Alabama sash to make a slingshot once , and you 're labeled a troublemaker for life .
tr	NN	He imagined the terror of his enemies when he returned to Earth .
tr	NN	As I have been informed , you have a rivalry with his Majesty Richard .
tr	NN	She touched her belly and when she pulled her hand away , her fingertips came away coated in blood .
tr	NNS	Victors make their own versions of truth . "
tr	NN	" Johnny Cash 's wife didn 't even play fiddle .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have germs , scout 's honor .
tr	NNS	More of the vicious energy scalded his senses .
tr	NN	His deep voice rumbled along her spine and lifted goose bumps across her flesh .
tr	NN	" Meantime the high priest of the temple of Ra was demanding our execution .
tr	NN	I won 't throw his betrayal in his face .
tr	NN	The dark hollows underneath his focussed blue eyes a permanent feature .
tr	NN	She knew the new etiquette as well as anyone .
tr	NN	He was using a feather to torture her .
tr	NN	Bedrooms could have a similar effect on the digestive system .
tr	NN	He was watching her leap and play , putting the horse through several difficult maneuvers when all of a sudden , the horse took a long jump .
tr	NN	They 'd shared this easy affection since they 'd left Jess 's around noon .
tr	NN	I do not need saving ! '
tr	NNS	He tucked the coins into his pockets and stood back up , turned and walked on as a matter of course .
tr	NNS	Hand movements spread the molecules in the first place .
tr	NNS	I embraced the numbness , knowing I needed to get the hell out of there before I accidently hurt someone else .
tr	NNS	She kicked off her sandals by the hall credenza .
tr	NN	" You know , I haven 't told anybody else this but the body I identified in Cannes ?
tr	NN	Charlie grabbed the door frame and thrust it forward , just far enough to crack the jeweller on the forehead .
tr	NNS	" Bragging rights ? "
tr	NN	Then , without a word he picked up Julie 's basket and headed to the door .
tr	NN	He had such a strange effect on her .
tr	NN	Simone closed the drawer and turned slightly as she felt a presence behind her .
tr	NN	" Have you 've been experiencing nausea and vomiting at all ? "
tr	NN	" Then let her rot .
tr	NN	She could see every detail of their faces .
tr	NNS	Her heart hammered her ribs .
tr	NN	Within seconds , Laurie had the Rubens painting off the wall and replaced it with the bare frame he 'd brought with him .
tr	NN	Matt removed the rag and scowled at Joe .
tr	NNS	Another folder held some pages that looked like notices of some kind .
tr	NN	Taro instinctively checked his red mobile .
tr	NNS	" What about empty paint cans ?
tr	NN	Alethea scolded her raging libido .
tr	NN	She patted his butt .
tr	NN	They had a warrant . "
tr	NN	I 've got the little bugger now ! "
tr	NNS	Dorothy Fields would write the lyrics and Jerome Kern agreed to do the score .
tr	NN	They swore him to secrecy , " I waved my hand in between our faces , " the whole Buchanan reputation and all that .
tr	NN	" We have facial recognition software hacked into the security cameras at the airport here .
tr	NNS	" We have two sons , David and Samuel . "
tr	NN	And I had an argument with Izzy at the beginning of the summer .
tr	NN	Please leave me a review !
tr	NNS	You 've got cattle over here ? "
tr	NN	The outcome of those individuals would have had a profound effect on the research results .
tr	NNS	Would you like some drugs to dull the pain ? "
tr	NNS	He 'd have told tales of me for bringing forbidden objects back from the past .
tr	NNS	" Don 't fuckin ' split hairs with me , asshole .
tr	NNS	Had she imagined the haunting emptiness in his eyes , or was he wearing a mask in front of her ?
tr	NN	Besides , I 've got a new goal .
tr	NNS	Patrol the heavens nearby , looking for anything suspicious , any type of demonic disturbance .
tr	NNS	" Two Dungeness crabs , four drawn butters , and two orders of garlic bread . "
tr	NN	At least her critic didn 't have a high scale to judge from .
tr	NN	You can 't will your owl to anybody ; at your death it reverts back to the association . "
tr	NN	It gets the first impression of its own special place in the environment - the first inklings of self awareness set in .
tr	NNS	See the scorch marks ?
tr	NN	We need your leadership too badly for you to take chances . "
tr	NN	I might even bake a batch of cookies and join the girls for a movie . "
tr	NNS	My lord did not drink more than three cups all evening . "
tr	NNS	He could see the photographs on the desk .
tr	NN	Perhaps Nox could take the rope , and she 'd just scale the wall with her bare hands .
tr	NN	When Sauron attacked again ... that sealed his fate . "
tr	NNS	" We enjoyed similar activities and he was content to allow me my freedom .
tr	NNS	In fact , she 's changed her numbers .
tr	NNS	Elise and half her department had been down there all winter giving out dollars for government projects , and hoping to make friends in the process .
tr	NN	Yet nothing could hide the tremble in his hands .
tr	NN	Jin gave him a firm handshake and smiled .
tr	NNS	Last night after all had gone to sleep , I brought out the glass slippers that you gave me , and I put them on .
tr	NNS	I offered some refreshments , and we quietly talked of trivial matters .
tr	NNS	" Between all the stations that aired it , we 're talking exactly sixty complaints . "
tr	NN	I sort of loved all that angst .
tr	NN	Feeling the inarticulate tension , Mary found the perfect justification to continue having the boys around her : teaching them English .
tr	NNS	I asked the twins .
tr	NN	They all watched the falcon .
tr	NN	As a young animal , she had inexplicably attacked policemen .
tr	NN	" If only I could have a fiance by that Friday ... then she would keep her comments to herself . "
tr	NNS	" Sixteen thousand dollars ! "
tr	NN	" Redding gave us a location on the professor 's writing cabin .
tr	NN	Dr. Cleaver recommenced his pacing , however this time at a pace more suitable for analytical thinking rather than airing dissatisfaction .
tr	NN	He released the railing and turned on Mitchell .
tr	NNS	" You have billions of dollars .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths and willed herself to be calm .
tr	NNS	" But I don 't have any other surprises ... " Her smile turned deadly .
tr	NNS	While Pat was thinking about their honeymoon , Paul was checking out the babes seated at the surrounding tables .
tr	NNS	She lightly patted the mattress .
tr	NN	In some form or other the Furies had crossed his threshold .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't mourn specific losses like someone who 'd been familiar with the area as it was before .
tr	NN	How ' bout a burger ? "
tr	NN	Dentists have special status in the afterlife , by the way .
tr	NNS	His mind flashed technical data as he found the main wiring that interlaced the body beneath the artificial layer of skin .
tr	NN	Castile ushers the new Southern California coven out .
tr	NNS	Of course you 'd be given plumb assignments like this one . "
tr	NN	Ryan 's fingers nudged her spine .
tr	NN	Dr. Meyers takes the podium , asking the artist to come back up and say a few words .
tr	NN	I had the impression things went down the other way . "
tr	NNS	I shoved boards off the stack as fast as I could .
tr	NNS	He saw tight jaws , and eyes narrowed behind camouflage paint .
tr	NN	I followed its flow with my gaze to a circle ringed in symbols .
tr	NNS	" I appreciate your efforts on my behalf . "
tr	NNS	A faint knock on the door woke up the butterflies in her stomach .
tr	NNS	" We should get the cameras and record it ourselves , or get a hold of Richard Marx again and do like a live video . "
tr	NNS	" Ah , but then I won 't get any more chances to see your gorgeous face .
tr	NNS	Maybe the shapeshifter could take forms without killing people ?
tr	NN	With slow , achingly precise movements , she folded the fax and dropped it into the trash , then poured a cup of coffee .
tr	NN	So few people have any faith in a higher power in my time .
tr	NN	Leslie put her fork down , mesmerized by the unfortunate family drama not far away .
tr	NNS	Bill and I will move some cattle over there tomorrow morning .
tr	NNS	But being famous also would mean many false sightings .
tr	NN	But , I do obey my Mama .
tr	NN	She mumbles something incomprehensible .
tr	NNS	" Me , too , " Emily said fervently .
tr	NNS	I blink and bottle my breaths .
tr	NNS	" He has fearsome powers .
tr	NNS	He brought some preliminary reports . "
tr	NN	Damn , she hadn 't even heard his final plea and he couldn 't deprive her of the pleasure of the experience of a lifetime .
tr	NN	I can only recall one occasion when we talked about her and that was when I asked her how she came to own a burger joint .
tr	NNS	Juliet presses her breasts against my chest , and I buck against her , the friction between us driving me crazy .
tr	NN	She stole my bench , kept her bag spread across it like , so I couldn 't even share it .
tr	NN	They will all swear allegiance to me tomorrow and whoever refuses will lave cause to regret it before an hour has passed . '
tr	NNS	He tugged up his boxers .
tr	NN	They admire a row of Renaissance buildings .
tr	NN	I give him an affectionate shove .
tr	NN	Of course , he doesn 't give me any credit .
tr	NNS	It sank its fangs into Spruce and , as Tarleton stared finding it impossible to move , a slight rose flush suffused under the creature 's skin .
tr	NN	Bloom slid his butt back and forth , examining the pepperoni beneath him , before repositioning himself again .
tr	NNS	Surely they wear their suits ; they would just have to put their helmets on but at least it will hamper them .
tr	NNS	The door had flown open a few inches , and for a moment looked like it would flop down .
tr	NNS	I kicked the covers away and planted my bare feet on the cold floor .
tr	NN	He got a surreal sensation of floating as he shot out from the edge .
tr	NN	Find a location on this street to use as a jump anchor and make a jump .
tr	NN	I runs down the passageway and ducks under the bayonets and beats on the door .
tr	NNS	There were clanging noises and other white uniformed employees , all old and hunched over , shuffled about the huge kitchen .
tr	NN	A shiver of fear zipped up her spine , and she clutched tightly to the broom handle .
tr	NN	Try Mr. Scrooge 's nephew ; maybe he 's as greedy as his uncle , and needs money .
tr	NN	He gave her the command with every ounce of strength he had and set about working frantically on her .
tr	NN	He then swiftly remounted his charger , the Prince watching stoically , until the big man clapped him on the back .
tr	NN	She reached the stall just as Luc lowered himself to a pallet of straw .
tr	NNS	" Follow your instincts ! "
tr	NN	She held out a jar .
tr	NNS	He pulled his warm covers up to his chin , waiting for sleep to come again .
tr	NN	Blue Twelve has a long rifle over his shoulder and a pair of knives in his belt .
tr	NN	I swallowed the liquor and bit into the lime , with a shudder .
tr	NN	A small chill ran up his spine .
tr	NNS	She 's got all her powers now .
tr	NN	But I have proven their probability mathematically . "
tr	NNS	He patted his pockets and pulled out a wrinkled pack of cigarettes .
tr	NN	Or rather their chamber , since it appeared she 'd laid claim to his .
tr	NN	I am getting a lawyer for you .
tr	NNS	All the brothers protect their families that way .
tr	NNS	" I 've got chairs for you ! "
tr	NNS	Thomas abandoned his attempts on the hatch , slid back into the gondola .
tr	NN	He had noticed the attraction between Beth and Tomas and had awaited a sense of disappointment or jealousy , but there was none forthcoming .
tr	NNS	Everyone quickly moves their plates back to the table , leaving the eating area as though we 've never been here .
tr	NN	She is wearing a white blouse , striped trousers and trainers , just what she ordered .
tr	NNS	Charlie was staring his own daggers at Darlene and I felt like I was just kicked in the kidneys .
tr	NN	" Yes , Dad , " Zoe said , her voice mocking but her eyes light with affection .
tr	NN	" Don 't eat too much pizza or you 'll spoil your appetite for dinner . "
tr	NN	Setting Strom down , she opened the cockpit and pulled Olaf out , placing him gently next to Strom .
tr	NN	He caught a loose strand of my hair and rolled it between his fingers .
tr	NNS	Every breath was like swallowing buckets of acid into her lungs .
tr	NNS	Her hair was a mess , she had scratches from falling on the asphalt and was smudged with vomit .
tr	NNS	" Mr. Granby , Mr. Riggs , I make twelve targets out of twenty ; you concur ?
tr	NNS	She made those pies you ate half of at the potluck gathering not long ago . "
tr	NN	Diego drew his pistol .
tr	NNS	In fact , one large Seattle bookstore brought therapy dogs into the children 's section twice a month .
tr	NN	Which one makes the music the fiddle or the stick ? "
tr	NNS	The Leopard 's cutting off all ties to the past ... Now what news of the mines ? "
tr	NNS	He 'd unleashed the most powerful spells in his repertoire to little or no effect .
tr	NN	Wednesday we do the scuba diving lesson .
tr	NN	With a detectable note of impatience in her voice , she cut off Paul 's silent admiration .
tr	NN	He spoke to her mind , the word a command she could not ignore .
tr	NN	-- " Give me my pistol .
tr	NN	I mocked a yawn .
tr	NNS	She could move to another state , somewhere that didn 't have connections to this area .
tr	NNS	The Nothing 's eyes were opened and their hearts , too ; they started to believe once again .
tr	NN	I added a shrug .
tr	NNS	He 'd always loved apples .
tr	NN	" Could we get a frame of reference here ?
tr	NN	He hadn 't noticed the magazine before because the paint cans had blocked it from view .
tr	NNS	He invited twenty-three members of his council to each sponsor a would-be Champion to train in the glass castle and ultimately compete in a duel .
tr	NNS	I checked the terms with you !
tr	NN	The man couldn 't carry a tune in a bucket , as her dad liked to say .
tr	NNS	Her mind and her tongue were playing tricks on her , that was all .
tr	NN	" She could never equal your fondness for mischief . "
tr	NNS	Though she remained enthusiastic , she had no illusions about her reading skill .
tr	NNS	Under similar circumstances , a third wall was built generations later , but even this failed to constrain the city 's growth .
tr	NNS	An easterly breeze stirred up tiny funnel clouds of sand near the water .
tr	NNS	" They have three frames to go before the end of their game , Ron .
tr	NNS	Those guards thrust their spears at him simultaneously .
tr	NNS	Brick had watched too many magicians on telly .
tr	NN	They 'd crested a little hill , and golden fields demarcated by hedges and low stone walls lay before them .
tr	NN	The majority of them had done the deed , just to get it over with , saying they did not want to enter college a virgin .
tr	NNS	How would they have bound your powers ? "
tr	NNS	He used telekinetic balls in his show to knock back mock attackers .
tr	NNS	Lara 's sixty-eight stories had only fifty-seven actual floors .
tr	NNS	Felix was examining the wheels up close .
tr	NN	He was holding a fishing rod and standing next to a fish that was bigger than he was .
tr	NN	She 'd spend the whole day pining about all the reading time she was losing . "
tr	NN	" Are you saying he gave you cancer ? "
tr	NN	My love nuzzled my belly , kissing the soft skin on my h * ps and thighs with reverence .
tr	NNS	Don 't make any sudden movements . "
tr	NN	I threw the brownie down and wiped my mouth .
tr	NNS	She rested her palms on the desk and started over .
tr	NNS	She bore his marks .
tr	NN	He searched her fridge , grateful to find all he would need , and then he got to work .
tr	NNS	To my surprise Drake is already in the kitchen lapping bits of soggy cereal from a bowl .
tr	NN	I could picture the scowl on Dragon 's face .
tr	NN	I pushed my ID under the window .
tr	NNS	Also , we have contacts within the organization that owns the circus .
tr	NNS	He needs some bodyguards .
tr	NNS	I ´ ll probably have nightmares for as long as I live .
tr	NN	" It has some steak in it .
tr	NN	She let out a soft little moan in the back of her throat and pressed herself that much closer to him .
tr	NN	Ethan pulled his pistol , clicked off the safety .
tr	NNS	" And I 've given you tales to tell for weeks . "
tr	NNS	It took her two trips to get her bags into the front hall .
tr	NNS	He put his cards down on the table and stood up .
tr	NNS	Then he tried to minimize the damage I was doing , the errors of my way .
tr	NNS	When the sheriff raised his hand for another blow , some of the townspeople at last recovered their senses enough to react .
tr	NNS	The Perfect Folly conducted its clandestine efforts in Sooty Stoops , while The Perfect Wave worked the Moors .
tr	NNS	We visited the temples of Castor and of the divine Julius Caesar .
tr	NN	The Buddhist monks generally give a sermon emphasizing the non-permanent nature of our life .
tr	NNS	We also have the Indian and Pakistani armies on the southern border of China , so now we have two powder kegs and both fuses are lit .
tr	NNS	" You 've challenged my assumptions and poked holes in my belief system .
tr	NNS	Maybe they understood his thought processes better than he 'd assumed .
tr	NNS	" Not that bad , " the old man said , " Got my cards .
tr	NNS	Of course others had overheard the jokes in the coven and the word spread .
tr	NNS	I did not fulfill the rites .
tr	NNS	Like any good Maryland girl , I absolutely love crabs .
tr	NN	I swallowed down the lump in my throat as I scrambled after them , hoping that the obviously broken ankle was the worst of Tyler 's injuries .
tr	NNS	Case told Scores about Tom Coleman .
tr	NN	By depriving them of their goddess , I have rekindled their faith !
tr	NNS	We do not have sufficient lands for our children to farm .
tr	NN	I 've added the spa package to the room , so treat yourself .
tr	NN	Amazing , considering he 'd thrown the tantrum that led to the mess .
tr	NN	" Next big announcement . "
tr	NN	Allyson remembers the girl 's fury .
tr	NN	I 'm so sorry , ' she begged whilst hurrying into the house , running after a student that wasn 't even hers .
tr	NNS	It can only help sales in jail .
tr	NNS	Frist has some serious organized crime connections .
tr	NN	After parking his car in the lot , he entered the nightclub and made his way to the bar .
tr	NN	I wrote down every experiment I could think of that could be performed on babies .
tr	NN	She nodded and felt impatient wondering when she would be able to touch him again .
tr	NN	Overhead , sea gulls screamed their defiance to the wind , swooping and diving in an endless dance .
tr	NNS	She lifted her goggles as I caught my breath , " Not so bad , you just need to loosen up a bit . "
tr	NNS	" Someone 's got your balls in the palm of her hand . "
tr	NN	The kind I imagined a pathetic kitten making with no effect on the menacing beast that stood before it .
tr	NNS	I don 't swing my blades because I want to .
tr	NN	The husband leapt the bench .
tr	NNS	The scratch of his teeth over her bare shoulder sent shudders through her .
tr	NNS	He took out their brains and kept those too , put some in jars and ate a few .
tr	NN	I pulled out a package of the gummy bears and handed them to her .
tr	NNS	" It can assemble entire houses from scratch - " Snap .
tr	NNS	Sitting in her attorney 's office that day , she 'd recognized Grant 's actions for what they were .
tr	NNS	The doors make noises when opening and closing .
tr	NNS	" Mexican sources , unlike Custer 's Indians , kept diaries .
tr	NNS	Behind the wall Roger could see planets he didn 't recognize .
tr	NNS	You had so many chances to tell me that the rules of the game had changed . "
tr	NNS	His bare feet left bloody smears on the boards as the men dragged him forward and flung him into the chair .
tr	NNS	He checks the ingredients on the soap label twice to make sure it 's safe before we use it for God 's sake .
tr	NN	His lips spread in satisfaction , his pose grew more languid , a conqueror certain of his victory , indulgent in his triumph .
tr	NN	She felt sicker than ever .
tr	NN	She could hear the fatigue in his voice , the slow and slightly childlike quality .
tr	NN	" I was holding a fourteen .
tr	NN	I appreciate the gesture . "
tr	NNS	When that was done , she carefully bundled his remains in a blanket pulled from her bed and carried it outside .
tr	NNS	Not all nice things have happy endings . "
tr	NN	He would have that vampire physician on the phone immediately , trying to find out what was wrong with me .
tr	NN	Just keep riding or stay in the trees ?
tr	NNS	The mech wolves broke their ranks and formed a swarming pack that filled the street curb to curb .
tr	NN	The ref flips the quarter up into the air , and it hits the ground and lands on tails .
tr	NNS	He could probably use his runes to walk through the door , but I didn 't care .
tr	NN	" Good , " I said , " We can replenish our water supply . "
tr	NN	We survived the quake with only minor injuries . "
tr	NNS	His thumbs would brush over her breasts and then down to her waist .
tr	NNS	The void outside immediately sucked out all the loose items in the craft , and the atmosphere inside it created a small explosion of junk .
tr	NNS	Someone had left little vases of fresh flowers by the wash basins next to bottles of scented hand lotion -- a nice touch , that .
tr	NNS	Genevieve knew her fathers ' not long now . '
tr	NNS	" Is this what you guys call , ' not so bad ' chores ? "
tr	NN	Albert left the bench near the fishing pier .
tr	NNS	This man definitely had balls , if not brains .
tr	NN	Good or bad , history has supported her claim .
tr	NNS	It had cost them eight dollars .
tr	NN	He pulled the bird from the ocean just as the shark 's head thrust upward , water spilling over the blunt nose and small black eyes .
tr	NN	Louisa resisted the urge to grab the man and shove him down the hill .
tr	NN	She heard the echo of Byron 's instant agreement .
tr	NNS	It warns other females away . "
tr	NNS	She couldn 't see his ghosts , but they were obviously real to him .
tr	NN	She could hear her pulse throbbing in her ears and feel her blood flowing .
tr	NN	She now had her mop of curly red hair managed into neat curls .
tr	NN	With that , he placed her backpack carefully beside the heavy bag and shut the trunk .
tr	NN	Many times you have provided sound advice on organic matters .
tr	NN	" In my land , a wolf gives a baby tooth to his future mate as a token .
tr	NNS	He had laid the terms down .
tr	NNS	" At the beginning of the rebellion Yin , Yang and Merri Li would use Yang 's cloaking abilities to sneak up on an unsuspecting family .
tr	NNS	My wife handles the adults .
tr	NNS	That left her breasts crushed against his hard , muscular chest .
tr	NNS	We 've had teams run every conceivable scenario .
tr	NN	Then she heard gunfire , both inside and outside the house , and she realized it was no drill .
tr	NNS	I draw enough runes , thanks .
tr	NNS	He will have apprentices with him .
tr	NN	" Looks like a Norse rune .
tr	NNS	The tips of their exploring tentacles shattered their victims with the slightest touch .
tr	NNS	You see , I have no doubts about my faith .
tr	NNS	Min checked her knives , making certain they were secure in her sleeves , but it was just a nervous habit .
tr	NN	I removed the gag and began working on the knots binding her wrists .
tr	NNS	I repeat the numbers to confirm .
tr	NN	Get you some ginger ale ?
tr	NNS	She and I agreed , Sir Reginald 's obscure words and the nervous admission from Sir Rees confirmed my own conclusions about the management of the estates .
tr	NNS	" You understand areas where you fall into sin .
tr	NN	Then I hear a low groan from the rails .
tr	NNS	They stood just inches from each other , their breathing harsh and ragged .
tr	NNS	He 'd had such expectations of what the afterlife would be like that it was almost a letdown when he actually saw it .
tr	NN	She unscrewed the lid of her favorite organic apricot jam , and the phone rang again .
tr	NN	He was still wearing his uniform , and he hadn 't yet taken off his holster with his gun .
tr	NNS	Their dashboards sported " futuristic " designs with lots of chrome and brushed aluminum .
tr	NNS	He wrapped his reins in preparation to go .
tr	NN	But now she felt something emanating from him , far deadlier than the rage he 'd exuded earlier tonight .
tr	NN	A chill crept down Leslie 's spine while goose bumps popped on her arm .
tr	NNS	I ask the monkeys to come right up and press their hands against the glass so that Sarah can give them little high fives .
tr	NN	" You are giving me far too much credit . "
tr	NN	The blond woman was staking her claim , showing Zarah that this tall , fascinating man was her property .
tr	NNS	Even if he had given her the best orgasms of her life .
tr	NNS	I miss the numbness .
tr	NNS	How many city blocks is that ? "
tr	NNS	You can make the arrangements . '
tr	NNS	But cosmopolitan as we may be , you 're still drawing a few stares .
tr	NNS	That several of the abducted men had voluntarily submitted sperm samples for payment .
tr	NN	Chris 's eyes spit blue fury , but he did not make another heedless charge .
tr	NN	' You pick a package up from a guy over there , he straps it on real tight and you get on the flight .
tr	NNS	I didn 't call forth any ghosts .
tr	NNS	" You really hate peaches ? "
tr	NN	She only got a glimpse , but -- are you sure you want to hear this ? "
tr	NNS	She took out three more coins and held them up . "
tr	NN	" They do get cancer , but at a much lower rate than other mammals and fish . "
tr	NN	I can hear the smirk in his voice .
tr	NNS	" She wears Jewels .
tr	NNS	Farley locked the handlebars and headed for the pier .
tr	NNS	I know a few chaps who are keen on it . "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	He drove the shaft of the cue hard against the man 's neck , feeling something crunch beneath the wood .
tr	NNS	You are entering our restricted territorial waters .
tr	NNS	I pulled back cushions , but found nothing .
tr	NNS	A cartoonist would have drawn little daggers coming from my eyes , aiming at those blue ones , little daggers and baby lightening bolts over my head .
tr	NNS	At the government center , we take the back hallways again because the front of the building is jammed with people .
tr	NN	You told the pilot where to go . "
tr	NN	His fingers gently stroked my hip .
tr	NN	" I 'm crying uncle .
tr	NNS	She stumbled backwards and fell as she reached for her DSM .
tr	NN	He gives a small , understanding snort of laughter , and then I 'm surprised by how angry he gets when I tell him the full story .
tr	NN	The movement made the room spin .
tr	NNS	I only had a thousand dollars to last me a few months and I certainly wasn 't going to waste it on cabs .
tr	NNS	He has magical powers , too ?
tr	NNS	" But how come we don 't hear about these gangs or crimes on the nightly news ? "
tr	NN	Emma stopped her pacing , deep in The Dungeon , as she considered this .
tr	NNS	" You see the marks ? "
tr	NN	Plunging in , Pete said , " Receive my confession , then .
tr	NN	Instead , I studied a flashing neon advertisement in the window nearby .
tr	NNS	A number of my equestrian friends would be collecting ribbons and trophies for the scores they 'd earned during this year 's horse show season .
tr	NNS	I tried only controllable stunts but this one ?
tr	NN	" There 's a monster in the lane outside , " Elle told the receptionist , not caring that she was dripping over the guestbook .
tr	NNS	I had studied interrogation techniques .
tr	NNS	The doctor had confirmed Marcus ' fears .
tr	NNS	She imagined wood fires behind the leaded glass and richness of wood floors and oriental carpets .
tr	NNS	He 'll be boasting and spreading tales of his virility before you know it . "
tr	NN	Blue replayed the phrase in her head : My colleague stepped quite easily out of his skin .
tr	NN	Our personal comms don 't have the range to signal far enough to do us any good .
tr	NN	Then she felt a pang of guilt .
tr	NN	I won 't let anybody or anything hurt you again . "
tr	NNS	He 'd given her the passwords , expecting she 'd change them immediately , but she hadn 't .
tr	NN	I 'll even pay your fee .
tr	NN	" I can 't waste ammo on it when you have it so nicely under control .
tr	NNS	Give Mira her powers back . "
tr	NN	She also dissipated my impression that Barrett had two different sides to him .
tr	NNS	" Don 't worry , you 'll have a lot more opportunities .
tr	NN	" They used the same trick on the opening , they matched the paint to a sharp right turn .
tr	NNS	I got samples and analyzed them of course .
tr	NNS	They fly clients south into the Volga delta on a regular basis .
tr	NN	After what felt like hours Claire reached the red crater .
tr	NN	He turned to the Doctor and said , " I choose the chance of life , I choose the treatment . "
tr	NNS	He could all but see the cogs turning in her pretty head .
tr	NN	Danni swallowed a groan .
tr	NNS	" You can get dragons from a bank ?
tr	NNS	They removed their suits in the staging areas , placed them in their lockers .
tr	NNS	She covered her temples with her gnarled fingers .
tr	NN	I can see the desert on the surface of the world below as the last of the shutter sections closed against the window .
tr	NN	I felt my pulse quicken all the way to my fingertips as a million questions flooded my head .
tr	NNS	He was wearing greasy overalls , and had a mournful looking face like he 'd just eaten a dozen sour pickles .
tr	NN	He had a huge moustache which made him look like a walrus .
tr	NN	Her mom nodded and finished off the last row .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances . "
tr	NNS	I tell you , I do not remember specifics .
tr	NNS	Already , snowflakes muted the splashes from crimson to muddy brown .
tr	NNS	She sliced the sandwiches and put them on plates .
tr	NN	" You can stay here and wait for Derek to get himself some self-control , or you can come with me . "
tr	NN	He hadn 't thought anything folly at the moment that thread was interred .
tr	NNS	As the wet warmth of his tongue moved against her own , her knees went weak and the butterflies in her stomach spread throughout her body .
tr	NN	She saw the tree-lined , old-fashioned neighborhood and the comforting sky .
tr	NN	Like a fish out of water . "
tr	NN	I got a severance package , but that won 't last forever .
tr	NNS	Thus , Polonius and Ambrose reasoned , they must reach the sentries simultaneously .
tr	NNS	They had at least three thousand dollars in their joint account , maybe even a little more .
tr	NNS	His hands covered her breasts before he could give them permission .
tr	NNS	" I 've been getting complaints all week about these things .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to take his hand and he got the hint lowering his arm .
tr	NNS	She had kept her black slacks from the bar , but had changed her t-shirt for a darker colour and her high heels for military boots .
tr	NN	Licking her lips , she grabbed the cart of books and made her way around the library putting more books on shelves .
tr	NN	I turn the monitor off , then sit in the quiet darkness of my apartment , savoring the silence .
tr	NN	Without taking a second to think about it , he twisted the tarnished steel doorknob and stepped inside .
tr	NNS	Some simply had splashes of color thrown on them .
tr	NNS	Painter was gathering data on flights into and out of Somalia , comparing all routes that could bring Amanda and her kidnappers to Dubai .
tr	NNS	This involved numbers , too , but not enough .
tr	NNS	I could hear Anatole 's heavy breaths somewhere to my left .
tr	NNS	' As the father of our child , I have legal rights and I 'll claim them . '
tr	NNS	While you 're decorating it , I 'll hit the stores and see if there 's any food left for a party . "
tr	NN	She 'd gotten off her chariot and was now walking amongst the battle .
tr	NNS	All three of them wore suits .
tr	NNS	" You have three shields and one sword , boy .
tr	NNS	But basically , he removed all the filters in our brains .
tr	NN	I moved the katana once and stepped back smoothly .
tr	NN	Instead , he 'd taken the gold Aztec dagger that Rico prized above everything else .
tr	NNS	She gripped his flexing buttocks , urging him deeper when there was no deeper to go .
tr	NNS	" I hate balls . "
tr	NN	His pistol held a dozen .357 rounds .
tr	NNS	So I have no expectations of you .
tr	NN	When he 'd let Tony down , Kevin had blown his one mayor responsibility in life .
tr	NNS	Lie , make excuses , whatever you need to do .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms to her eyes .
tr	NNS	It hit her senses like a wall .
tr	NNS	Once he had fought the invisible ties that bound him .
tr	NNS	Jets and tanks alike had plates that adapted to the heat signatures of their surrounding . "
tr	NN	She put the rope down and sat on the grass beside her Great Dane .
tr	NNS	' You have journeyed further than I , ' said Legolas . '
tr	NN	He opened the refrigerator and took out the water .
tr	NNS	Plus , riding through the tall grass flings all sorts of bugs and debris , essentially adding another layer of dirt on top of the first one .
tr	NN	Even more incriminating , they found a small vial of potassium cyanide in his room , the poison used to kill his father . "
tr	NNS	You know the basics , how the whole mess started .
tr	NN	Ian could hardly believe his good fortune .
tr	NNS	What if they have multiple magicians ? "
tr	NN	They had not brought a monitor into the tiny space , and now she wished they had .
tr	NN	She wanted dialogue , a sounding board .
tr	NNS	Even though another pink team made it to the final , ours had green stripes .
tr	NN	I also felt the echo of hunger pangs through my middle and the sting of a row of broken ribs at my side .
tr	NNS	" I have rights you know . "
tr	NN	Mixing powder and water in his cup , he prepared his artificial orange juice .
tr	NNS	Alexi 's parents had high expectations of their daughter , demanding that she exceed in classes .
tr	NN	Mine had a single candle in the middle .
tr	NN	You want some grape juice ? "
tr	NN	They never did find the soap .
tr	NN	" Well , I can understand that bird making a mournful cry ! "
tr	NN	Claire felt the blood heating in her veins , surging up her neck to her face .
tr	NN	Within a minute , Sev messaged back his joy at the upcoming takedown .
tr	NNS	Reacher strolled the three hundred yards and looked at all of them .
tr	NNS	Not believing I had a change of heart , she questioned my motivations when I asked her to schedule this meeting .
tr	NNS	Rich 's blue eyes survey the young crowd , I 'm guessing mainly students who decided to stay around and take summer classes .
tr	NN	" She must have a nurse . "
tr	NNS	They gave me nightmares . "
tr	NNS	We made a few trips around the area .
tr	NN	I sucked up my sorrow and straightened my posture .
tr	NNS	Johnny hooked his thumbs in the pockets of his filthy , tattered jeans and smiled .
tr	NN	" You walk a fine line feline .
tr	NN	But neither he nor Hale had realized the deep chasm that existed in the Daniels ' marriage .
tr	NNS	His torn sleeve had grass stains on it .
tr	NNS	A husband should be allowed certain rights .
tr	NN	After all , we ate pizza together .
tr	NN	He even bought a coffin , but he did not like to get inside .
tr	NN	Luther released the curtain he had been holding as he took an angry step toward Dani .
tr	NNS	Perhaps she could spot the white deer again .
tr	NN	When a boy goes to a girl 's daddy , he 's paying respect and promising he won 't trifle with her .
tr	NN	Benedict would be attending this night 's opera .
tr	NN	Barnabas smiled evilly , " Excellent .
tr	NNS	" I 'll go and get directions off Jam . "
tr	NN	Joseph turned the knob and pushed the door open .
tr	NN	" Had you ever seen this nurse before ?
tr	NNS	You own apartment buildings , office buildings , a hotel chain ... How do you do it ? "
tr	NNS	To protect his millions from his own children ?
tr	NNS	Oakes knew the arguments .
tr	NNS	His pack has waited centuries for you .
tr	NNS	" Go home Pierre . "
tr	NNS	" They had babies . "
tr	NNS	They 'd find her remains in Dead Mule Canyon with the rest , if they hadn 't done so already .
tr	NN	Mike burst her bubble of excitement .
tr	NNS	When there 's a war , countries buy billions of dollars ' worth of armaments that are made here in the United States .
tr	NNS	He patted his pants pockets .
tr	NNS	Though no one else decided to bludgeon my conscience , I felt the stares .
tr	NN	Water would have cost a fortune and taken too long .
tr	NNS	We could purchase cigarettes at half price in the company store .
tr	NNS	I didn 't like formalities .
tr	NN	" I 'll just hire a babysitter every Thursday . "
tr	NNS	You have skills the like of which none of us has ever heard .
tr	NN	Keep my guest entertained , Ernest . "
tr	NNS	Some stations had large , ornate chandeliers and painted murals .
tr	NNS	She knew her rights .
tr	NNS	Shadow set our plates down on my bedside table and reached out for me .
tr	NN	I shielded my candle and went around the interior wall of the room .
tr	NNS	Next , he arranged all the chairs into 10 rows with 8 chairs each .
tr	NN	My sister didn 't want her bridesmaids demure , that was for sure .
tr	NN	He felt his fists clench .
tr	NNS	We could rip our uniforms off and - " Woods ! "
tr	NN	She sounded a little tense , perhaps a little bit frustrated .
tr	NNS	We can use the shovels for leverage . "
tr	NN	I called the nurse , and they put something in her back that made the pain go away . "
tr	NN	You can string antenna wire on the roof but can 't wash dishes .
tr	NN	He even remembered my favorite flavor .
tr	NN	Like you have the sudden urge to pick up teenage girls and throw them around ? "
tr	NN	By this time , Jack had abandoned his empty rifle and pulled out the Starr pistol .
tr	NNS	Kevin never repeated his confessions twice .
tr	NNS	She has on a baggy jacket that hides her slim shoulders and heavy black eyeliner that swallows her beautiful blue eyes .
tr	NNS	We can have sandwiches . "
tr	NNS	Each of us would like some bits of it , but I am afraid very few of us would like the whole thing .
tr	NN	His hand travels slowly down my spine sending tingles throughout my entire being .
tr	NN	I had emptied a clip into Candy 's left ear .
tr	NNS	It had three numbers on it , written in neat and careful handwriting .
tr	NN	" Quinn Properties owns the estate .
tr	NN	" I have one more presentation to give . "
tr	NNS	Harvey , after a long pause , sounding breathless and incredulous : This isn 't about happy families .
tr	NNS	I had all the sleeping arrangements worked out in my head before we turned into my street .
tr	NNS	They gave me their cards -- when you feel up to it , it might be nice to give them a call . "
tr	NNS	He set the plates down , and I shoved the memory away as I sat down in the chair closest to me .
tr	NN	" Sorry about the squeeze everyone , " said the pilot .
tr	NNS	While the Union navy blockaded key southern ports , we ravaged ships at sea .
tr	NN	He pulled the knob she indicated with a glance , located the box and ripped it open .
tr	NN	How to hold your fork ; how to make your bed ; how to brush your teeth .
tr	NNS	Tony put sandwiches in front of Addie and me .
tr	NNS	She brought the goblets to the table and set them down .
tr	NN	It was like dragging a limp puppet along .
tr	NN	Gordon then took a swing at Connie , who was too quick for him .
tr	NNS	I 've done all sorts of things .
tr	NNS	When Ainsley finally missed her shot , Daniel took the balls from the pockets and lined them up for himself .
tr	NN	I don 't have much faith in her persuasion skills .
tr	NN	John was feeling a bitter depression , but he smiled brilliantly at Mark .
tr	NNS	I 've already gotten some beautiful shots . "
tr	NN	Eve grabbed a crowbar and picked the nearest crate , which was chest height .
tr	NNS	They took several more shots until they were zeroed and then Joshua decided to bring it home to them .
tr	NN	She slid a menu across the recently cleaned tabletop and watched him settle in .
tr	NN	He tapped his temple .
tr	NNS	" Ash , give me those numbers ! "
tr	NNS	Standing up , I held the slippers above my head and cried out for help .
tr	NNS	She 'd shown good instincts in reacting to Jones ' panic , so she was more than an intellectual mass of social concerns .
tr	NNS	Kelly dumped Tess on my doorstep .
tr	NNS	Jay rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	Gox , whom Gregor was beginning to appreciate more as time passed , quickly spun thick silk slippers to pad their feet .
tr	NN	So , I organized an auction for interested bidders .
tr	NN	Kate fought the impulse to laugh in his face .
tr	NNS	Kendall was wrapping Logan 's ribs with duct tape , over his shirt .
tr	NNS	I had seen real murderers and I had almost been really murdered .
tr	NNS	And the lands here do not yield many crops .
tr	NNS	Dirk probably didn 't construct a bird houses in his youth , just killed the annoying bird for his evil fun .
tr	NN	She worked the bolt with both hands as the vampire writhed and twisted and screamed .
tr	NN	Raven heard the distant hail and went to meet his friend .
tr	NNS	The books alone had cost almost six hundred dollars .
tr	NN	" And I 'd bet Lea 's disappearance happened at the same time as Susan 's death . "
tr	NNS	I barely heard the feral snarls in the distance .
tr	NN	In life the wearer of that skull must have presented an alien and monstrous aspect .
tr	NNS	He didn 't look panicked at all .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths .
tr	NN	She blanked the past utterly from her mind and trudged on .
tr	NNS	In the bathroom she quickly packed the basics into a small , zippered case and dropped the case into the tote .
tr	NN	The way he looked at me made my heart flutter and the space between my legs heat .
tr	NNS	In fact , Mariana Mancuso had found many excuses to ask about the pretty girl who 'd slept in the chair while he was in the hospital .
tr	NNS	He slipped off the goggles and picked up the heavy rifle by his side .
tr	NNS	I also brought a few packs of real coffee .
tr	NN	The anger burned even hotter inside him .
tr	NNS	But Darryl had only heard bits and pieces of what they said .
tr	NNS	This one detailed his accomplishments in the War Between the States .
tr	NN	He walks over to the first dingo and inserts the needle into the forearm and collects the sample .
tr	NN	I twisted the cap off the bleach and dumped it over the ugly face .
tr	NNS	She folded the forms , and sticking them in her purse , pulled out her sunglasses .
tr	NNS	Her eyes were still , deep pools , entirely unruffled .
tr	NN	Chad asked , startling Bree out of her thoughts .
tr	NNS	And yes , I have issues with my legs .
tr	NN	She tried the ignition , switching it calmly at first , then more severely .
tr	NN	It scooped up a handful of rock from the roadway and shoved it in its mouth .
tr	NN	He smashed a knight into the ground , blood gushing from the knight 's head .
tr	NN	We 'll drop the drawbridge and go out fast .
tr	NNS	A big black void of silence with no answers finished the signals as if something turned the switch off and humanity run out of stories to tell .
tr	NNS	" She has very strange powers . "
tr	NN	" Being truly mated doesn 't guarantee pregnancy .
tr	NN	" Maggie , we got a great volunteer here .
tr	NNS	I decided to try things nicely first , if that didn 't work , I was drawing the knives and making a run for it .
tr	NN	Esmeralda picked up the flute .
tr	NNS	He made visible efforts to maintain composure -- a skill he often lacked on the court .
tr	NN	" I do not know my great Queen .
tr	NNS	Did he have any outside interests other than the numerous civic activities he stayed involved in -- any political preferences ?
tr	NNS	Within what you are now lies the seeds of your destruction . "
tr	NNS	Both of them were facing changes in life , the natural consequences of aging .
tr	NNS	Most of the big buildings had boards over where their windows would have been .
tr	NN	I returned the favor by removing his shirt and was quickly reminded of how incredibly sexy his body was .
tr	NNS	He again felt the heaviness ; something was pressing his chest and making breathing hard , and the vertigo was unbearable .
tr	NN	Lily brought Mary Ellen a wet cloth so she could wash her tear stained face .
tr	NN	Fear that Rachael as well as the children would eventually suffer a terrible fate .
tr	NNS	When the steaks were done , they fixed their plates and settled down to eat at the picnic table .
tr	NN	She reached her one room hut safely and shut the door behind her , leaning her back against it and breathing deeply in relief .
tr	NNS	They will be wearing hidden cameras so we have an idea .
tr	NN	" Not a bad break , thank goodness . "
tr	NNS	" I 'm so glad you were there , " Summer said fervently .
tr	NNS	Please make my apologies to the chef . "
tr	NN	He could hear the ache in her voice .
tr	NN	I 've no patience for it or you , and that , little human , is all you need to know about me . "
tr	NNS	" But , yes , I want cubs .
tr	NN	How far can you burn a lump of flesh until further heat is irrelevant ?
tr	NNS	See these marks here . '
tr	NN	The warriors had driven off the sand dragon with the loss of only one human life .
tr	NN	He could see a bumper car rocket flying towards him .
tr	NNS	" Bring the torches ! "
tr	NN	" What manner of trap is this ? "
tr	NNS	Cassidy herded the seven females and dozen cubs up the stairs .
tr	NN	We saw the article in Sounds and had to track you down immediately . '
tr	NNS	" I have chores to do before it gets too hot ; the dishes can wait until later .
tr	NN	She has a fragile bone structure , long silvery hair that comes to her waist and is in a braid , petite features , and lilac eyes .
tr	NN	I packed my misery away and walked a little more briskly .
tr	NNS	" King Louis must have sent reinforcements to back Cesare up .
tr	NN	If not , Becky and I would provide our own dialogue and crack up until a security guard shooed us away .
tr	NN	While she stood watching , most of the group clambered up the slippery yellow dune and threw themselves down again .
tr	NNS	Hecate uses her powers to seek and destroy life , to taint it .
tr	NN	You did your Pack a favor by leaving . "
tr	NN	I carry the Chest in my arms .
tr	NN	He gripped his cock , fisting the length to try to relieve the pleasure .
tr	NN	My superb beef Stroganoff sent off a tantalizing aroma as I placed plates in front of my guests .
tr	NN	I can feel the urge , but at the same time all movements must be calculated .
tr	NNS	Amy 's text back was mostly exclamation points and smiley faces .
tr	NNS	Silence , broken by the crackling of the hot metal rewarded his actions .
tr	NNS	Jeremy grabbed the jumper cables and set to work on jump starting her car .
tr	NN	For just an instant Jenny got a rushing , heady glimpse ; for a fraction of a second she could picture it .
tr	NNS	Not only had I used drugs , but I 'd slept around , lied , and stolen .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't turn off her thought processes even when they were telling her something she would rather not know .
tr	NNS	She had other pressing issues that she could not ignore .
tr	NNS	She shed her layers of clothing , her hands shaking with excitement .
tr	NNS	We will need some strong runners to win .
tr	NN	An ugly shiver trailed down my spine as I read : You must help Robby by catching his spirit , Willa .
tr	NN	Martha had made a mockery of Larry 's involuntary facial spasms by comparing him to a slapstick comedy character .
tr	NN	Did Uncle Edward accept the olive branch ? "
tr	NN	" And you believe that crap ? "
tr	NN	Wrapping one hand around his penis , she positioned the condom at the tip with her other hand , then slowly rolled the rubber down its length .
tr	NN	" He has a pistol and a rifle of his own already . "
tr	NN	In her dreamlike state , she imagined a large clock and watched its hands tick off ten seconds .
tr	NN	I had the strangest urge to laugh .
tr	NN	I will surely lose all credibility .
tr	NN	" I want proof ! "
tr	NN	And simple casters brought the port down around our ears .
tr	NN	My babysitter has a clarinet lesson and I 'm still not sure of my outfit . '
tr	NNS	Then they brought their spears down so they pointed towards us and with a clattering of ash staves on oak boards , we copied their move .
tr	NNS	His open admiration did wonders for my ego .
tr	NNS	Howling winds and sheets of ice dominated his senses .
tr	NN	He had never realised the extent to which Hugo the man had become at one with Hugo the hero .
tr	NN	They each pulled up the cloth covering their mouths and noses .
tr	NN	She can change the uniform she wears or the man that 's hanging off of her arm .
tr	NNS	She gave up parental rights to my father when they divorced and I barely saw her after that .
tr	NNS	Without my even having to ask , they lifted their respective targets to their faces and inhaled .
tr	NN	Evan used the napkin to pick up the lime she 'd left on the bar and stuffed it in the empty shot glass before throwing it away .
tr	NNS	Pretending an interest in the beautiful scenery of the Mobile Bay , she let the lyrics about God 's mercy and grace wash over her .
tr	NNS	" But I do know dogs . "
tr	NNS	Her list of critical improvements and repairs covered two single-spaced pages .
tr	NN	Soon they were drinking hot chocolate and munching on snacks .
tr	NNS	After two more days of slow trekking , they found giant ram tracks again .
tr	NNS	I was failing my classes and she knew it .
tr	NN	I didn 't fully trust the witch , but was intrigued by her sudden interest toward Sofia .
tr	NNS	" They didn 't pick random targets , either .
tr	NN	He put the lump of brick down on the back step that led up into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	The rogue thought staggered Stacy .
tr	NNS	There were only smells and breathing noises .
tr	NN	She pulled out her dagger .
tr	NN	I tuck the infrared under my arm and bring my iPhone out of my jacket pocket , while reaching down for the flashlight in my boot .
tr	NN	I turned the knob for the radio to work .
tr	NNS	Bronze bowls of incense rolled their spirals about him ; the wisps of smoke curled about his naked limbs like caressing fingers .
tr	NNS	He pulled the cables out and slammed the bonnet down .
tr	NNS	Hayden was biting his fingernails .
tr	NNS	Elec followed the creature 's movements .
tr	NN	I gathered up my towel , crunchy with sand , and shook out my genitals , also crunchy with sand .
tr	NNS	How strange , she thought dimly .
tr	NNS	You all better strap yourselves in for takeoff .
tr	NN	" But she faked her pregnancy !
tr	NNS	She 'd been meticulous , and more , everywhere the silver had burned through him , she 'd soothed the terrible burns .
tr	NNS	" How much longer must we tolerate these conditions ? "
tr	NNS	" They are catching their breaths .
tr	NNS	The same drawings , only on a much grander scale , once graced the pillars outside their caves .
tr	NN	I gave his shoulder an affectionate shove and rolled my eyes .
tr	NN	" Remember the desert .
tr	NN	Now , as I tread in unfamiliar territory , I feel an added element of fear .
tr	NNS	Neither one flinched at the prospect , both possessed the powers of flight .
tr	NNS	He enjoyed Jeff 's sons .
tr	NN	She carried a lump of misery inside her like a ball of soggy dough .
tr	NNS	I put my boxers on .
tr	NN	I test my left hip , the one that took the impact , by taking a step , and fire streaks up my thigh .
tr	NNS	He was learning her noises .
tr	NNS	Before Nate knew it they were gratefully removing their suits , now much heavier than before thanks to the artificial gravity pulling them down .
tr	NNS	Jack removed his boxer briefs and stood behind me with his glorious naked body .
tr	NNS	Sky didn 't know what " leaders " they were going to see , but they didn 't have to go far .
tr	NN	At the thought , an uncontrolled shiver raced down her spine .
tr	NN	I wish no harm to come to her . "
tr	NNS	Four separate battery circuits , with two of them controlling the twin 150 horsepower Perkins turbo diesels , while also powering the heavy-duty electric sail control motors .
tr	NNS	She took long , deep breaths .
tr	NNS	Feeling obligated to my readers , I studied techniques to improve my writing .
tr	NNS	They followed their human anchors here because of the strength of that bond ; every instinct they have tells them not to abandon it .
tr	NN	Drake uttered a short , pithy oath .
tr	NNS	If you 'd rather , I could bring your meals over to your place in the future . "
tr	NNS	" Yes , we still do have hearts in here . "
tr	NNS	Demons don 't understand human hearts , not well .
tr	NN	He was giving the camera a thumbs-up .
tr	NNS	She has many diverse skills that would be a shame to destroy .
tr	NN	Knowing it was useless , she sent a mute plea for help in Vivian 's direction .
tr	NNS	Have you even looked through all your own texts ? "
tr	NN	Elizabeth quietly dabbed a napkin on Bill 's nose .
tr	NN	He swore a pithy oath , then grabbed her arm and yanked her up close against him .
tr	NN	She wasn 't even using her full potential . "
tr	NNS	Sally could see her chances of getting an early drinking session were diminishing fast .
tr	NNS	The fire exploded dangerously .
tr	NNS	The tattoos enhance our natural talents .
tr	NNS	He took both talons in the chest before Morrow and I reached them .
tr	NNS	Not to mention all the diseases they carry . "
tr	NN	Most of them offered little resistance , but that particular gelding was difficult about everything .
tr	NNS	" Though you should have figured out that Returned can change their forms . "
tr	NNS	" I have my rights ! "
tr	NN	I 've got half the override code .
tr	NNS	" Being wanted for simple fornication has its decided benefits .
tr	NN	One of them showed a large feathered bird rising up into the air , its bright feathers burning with blue fire .
tr	NN	The man snapped a quick salute and swept his arm over his head in a " follow me " gesture .
tr	NN	Evidently he could read my body language .
tr	NNS	" Baxter doesn 't do drugs ... " " Sleeping pills .
tr	NNS	For a little while , I put off my issues and worries .
tr	NNS	Various throwing weapons line her tan thighs and arms , from knives to shuriken to steel needles .
tr	NN	She retrieved her green nightgown from the footboard and rolled it into a little bundle , depositing it in a drawer in an unobtrusive way .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps you should serve refreshments ? "
tr	NN	Stopping next to the bed , Boone slowly lifted Delilah 's blouse over her head .
tr	NN	Haven 't I proved my loyalty yet ? "
tr	NNS	We watched Adonis as he stared at the television set looking like an audience member at a group hypnotherapy session .
tr	NNS	I listed all the political leaders in the United States .
tr	NN	I raised the cube to my chest and sucked in a deep breath when the cold touched my nipple .
tr	NN	Play the good cop .
tr	NN	That gave him an option -- he could use the emergency eject command for her saucer which would send the pilot 's pod away from the ship .
tr	NN	Millicent saw no objection to that .
tr	NNS	I had my doubts but ... I realize now , it was my weakness that made me give in .
tr	NN	My brother doesn 't understand my outrage .
tr	NNS	I pulled down the covers to check out my side .
tr	NN	And they simply could not find the hobbit .
tr	NNS	Sometimes Mary didn 't appreciate Dave 's attempts at humor .
tr	NN	Sarah heard James 's amused undertone as he continued .
tr	NN	Either option made my stomach twist .
tr	NNS	Procession of soldiers reached the main campus buildings of Chavez 's government .
tr	NN	He heard a door slam behind him , and turning saw two figures descending the path .
tr	NNS	She snapped her talons .
tr	NN	He dragged his knuckles down her arm , raking up a trail of goose bumps .
tr	NN	Victoria smelled his arousal and knew his wolf would intervene if anything happened .
tr	NNS	" She has many healing talents .
tr	NN	" Everyone needs a haircut from time to time . "
tr	NN	Just save me a slice or two . "
tr	NNS	Dahlia tucked the disks into a Ziploc bag and shoved it inside her tightly woven jumper where she had a hidden pocket .
tr	NN	He gave a soft shrug .
tr	NNS	The taste of metal engulfed her senses , and as she pressed into the wound with her teeth , the taste got stronger and more bitter .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers over us and then his arms moved around me again .
tr	NN	Lacey crumpled her napkin and tucked it into her now empty cup .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have any reactions at all .
tr	NNS	In situations like this , emotions can get overheated .
tr	NN	Stay the fuck away from me . "
tr	NN	This girl knew code .
tr	NN	Here , for a moment , he found her soothing .
tr	NNS	They attended balls and assassinated outspoken revolutionaries .
tr	NNS	I squeezed my thighs together to alleviate the ache that both excited and unnerved me at the same time .
tr	NNS	He needed his stalkers to think that he was being hunted when in effect ; they were walking into a trap .
tr	NN	I need a favor , though . "
tr	NN	She pushed a strand of stray hair out of her face .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't like surprises .
tr	NN	He gave a low growl that sent a mincing dandy tumbling down the stairs in sudden fright .
tr	NN	Nick was now holding the article that had been written about it .
tr	NN	Jacqueline replaced the receiver , grabbed her things and flicked off the light , shutting the locked door behind her .
tr	NNS	I batted my eyelashes at him .
tr	NN	I 've deleted the memo from the computer file .
tr	NN	He flicked his cigarette butt into the creek , stood up , and left .
tr	NN	Rachel tossed a napkin at me .
tr	NNS	He swept the cards into a pile and started to shuffle .
tr	NNS	" Jackson and I have combined our packs . "
tr	NNS	I took some pre-med , er , preliminary medicine classes in college and I 've studied a lot about nutrition and herbal medicine on my own . "
tr	NNS	But something about this conversation brought back all the fears and insecurities and -- great -- the tears .
tr	NNS	Selene had barely completed her remarks when Denison felt the beginning of pressure under his boots .
tr	NN	I 'm just returning the favor here . "
tr	NN	Lena sipped the liquid and rested .
tr	NNS	He could feel Theresa 's eyelashes scraping against his chest with each blink .
tr	NN	Reminding herself she was a new widow with no plans to be committed to another man , she straightened her spine and lifted her head .
tr	NN	He fled back up the hidden staircase .
tr	NNS	Lucian needed difficulties for his mind to work on .
tr	NN	" Thanks , " Lily told the waiter , who inclined his head and left them alone again .
tr	NN	As Ari cautiously sat , she picked up her fork and began twisting it in her fingers as she eyed her salad .
tr	NN	Wayne pulled a pen out of his shirt pocket and pulled a paper napkin out of the dispenser on the table .
tr	NNS	I lifted the blinds and realized that night had fallen .
tr	NNS	Somebody offered Matt a thousand dollars for it a while back .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths , letting the thundering of her heart gradually slow while she knocked leaves and grass from her hair and clothes .
tr	NNS	Her black stiletto boots gave her several inches on Thorne .
tr	NNS	Make the necessary arrangements . "
tr	NN	And who has the candle ? '
tr	NNS	They were laughing and telling jokes .
tr	NNS	He can 't possibly have enough basics to live long enough . "
tr	NN	He had finally found her diner , and he wasn 't going to blow this opportunity .
tr	NN	She remembered the lesson she 'd learned in the Air Force , taught to her by a mean-spirited man with wide , thin metal glasses .
tr	NNS	Having babies in a town like this .
tr	NNS	A recent bout of fever required her skills .
tr	NNS	Perhaps all of you could introduce yourselves ? "
tr	NN	The thought of Andrew willingly destroying his talent made Neil 's heart clench .
tr	NN	I view the wishing well , back stepping then upright .
tr	NNS	Emily took deep breaths as the pain in her skull made it difficult to think .
tr	NNS	Then he simply said , " Your book beats my roses any day . "
tr	NNS	Serena fed me a few more shots as we listened to the opening act .
tr	NNS	Those dwarfs should be shot , the prices they charge .
tr	NN	" I 'd need an accomplice .
tr	NNS	She drew ragged breaths into her lungs .
tr	NN	The first of the essays she read through did have a religious spin on it .
tr	NN	She poured some grapefruit juice into a glass .
tr	NN	He grabbed the pen from her , scribbling one million only where she 'd put one and a half , and signed it with a flourish .
tr	NN	Tanner sealed up a lid on his coffee cup .
tr	NN	A woman whose Facebook " likes " included football , Bud Light , and Sunday barbecues .
tr	NNS	I 've stayed here long enough , and as fun as it 's been battling Cronus , I miss Adonis .
tr	NN	" Why don 't we just take the tape to the Principal ? "
tr	NN	Tara grabbed a pen from her purse and left Max a quick note : Everything was great .
tr	NN	He discreetly picked up the semi-automatic rifle , and climbed down the forward companionway .
tr	NNS	They then put mats out on the floor and proceeded to practice various sets of complicated moves that involved grabbing , twisting and throwing each other .
tr	NNS	I looked over at Camden and Javier , the wheels in my head turning .
tr	NN	" When did you start this collection ? "
tr	NN	She handed me the marker and I saw that the design I 'd drawn on her hand this afternoon was still there .
tr	NNS	We have outlined the terms in our enclosed contract which you may have your lawyer scrutinize .
tr	NN	She entered the alcove at the exact spot she 'd seen Lucius go in .
tr	NNS	His hand moved a few more inches closer to mine , while my hand instinctively moved a few more inches closer to the butter knife .
tr	NNS	He moved a few paces towards the edge of the dais and looked out at the mass below .
tr	NNS	" You don 't know our worst fears . "
tr	NN	" What special ingredient did you put in here ? "
tr	NNS	Bill made a few more points .
tr	NN	" I received an e-mail that morning from a business colleague .
tr	NN	He hit speed dial .
tr	NNS	I directed my palms to her and more flames erupted .
tr	NN	" Why wouldn 't I choose goodness from the start ?
tr	NNS	I 'll have nightmares about what happened to my Mark forever . "
tr	NNS	Okay , so she 'd blown three hundred bucks on another woman 's boyfriend , but that didn 't mean she couldn 't enjoy the evening .
tr	NNS	I can see the pathetic hairs on his upper lip , not even made darker by the rain coming down .
tr	NNS	He rented additional apartments in Manhattan to house his word processors and video game machines .
tr	NNS	Cal reeled , stunned by the quality of its voice , like serrated knives against rough granite .
tr	NNS	The rope on Tara 's ankles restricted her movements .
tr	NNS	" We will take our chances . "
tr	NNS	Safer , but also with romantic overtones he hoped would score points .
tr	NN	He had an afternoon appointment with the accountants and Fortune 's together .
tr	NN	" Well then , you will take me to the masses , won ´ t you ? "
tr	NNS	They reached the oak tree 's remains and walked around it .
tr	NNS	" Yes , " I told their riveted stares , hoping one word answers would suffice .
tr	NN	He lifted her champagne flute from her hand and set it on the table next to his .
tr	NNS	" We all suffer losses like this , Anne .
tr	NNS	For that reason , I treated most scales as if they were contaminated with radiation .
tr	NN	She ripped the katana free of its sheath and hurled the lacquered wood at the demon 's head .
tr	NN	" In time you will be taking the throne despite what your father wants .
tr	NNS	As she stood , she noticed two little marks low on the maid 's neck .
tr	NN	" Mom , I can do this one , " Ashe pointed out the Relocation talent on the sheets his mother held .
tr	NN	he asked , pacing in agitation .
tr	NNS	It also deprives authors of their fair royalties .
tr	NNS	My attention soon turned to fighting for a parking spot downtown amid all the other evening diners .
tr	NN	She 'd chosen her outfit carefully , not wanting to dress too formally or casually , and these seemed just right .
tr	NNS	We don 't have super powers or possess some sort of magic .
tr	NNS	They worship their gods .
tr	NNS	" Don 't I get points for coming up with the idea ? "
tr	NN	For a brief second I considered the heart-breaking possibility that he didn 't like me .
tr	NNS	I was sounding more breathless by the moment , and I knew I should push him away because there had to be cameras filming us .
tr	NN	He hung the receiver up .
tr	NN	He felt a button release and heard the rasping of a zipper .
tr	NN	She got a gleam in her eye .
tr	NN	Hart drew the camisole across her cheek .
tr	NN	It formed a greasy mat extending all around him .
tr	NN	He countered her evasive leap with a lash of his tail , which boasted a hard weighty scale on the tip that was used like a mace .
tr	NNS	How many low points can one career have ?
tr	NN	" I 'm not playing rebound .
tr	NNS	This binds the atoms together in crystal lattices that are very stable in their form .
tr	NN	Wrecked my dad 's car and almost lost my scholarship .
tr	NN	Failure to follow these laws may result in punishment , imprisonment , or death . "
tr	NNS	He laid the envelopes out side by side next to the book .
tr	NNS	Forget delays of even a second .
tr	NNS	Angie picked out some items that needed no cooking .
tr	NN	Marika halted mere inches from her , her frigid power wrapping around Kata like chains of ice .
tr	NN	The air grew hotter and damper as he made his way down the steps .
tr	NNS	He knew this deer .
tr	NNS	" Hades , " he said encouragingly , like someone helping her cram for a final .
tr	NN	Bricker followed the gesture , peered outside , and then shrugged .
tr	NNS	Dave had promised himself he would never use explosives to hurt anyone .
tr	NN	" Got a task for you . "
tr	NNS	He followed directions quite literally .
tr	NNS	I 've had weird hallucinations .
tr	NN	Sexual , seductive power , and she found that lure thrilling .
tr	NNS	" Please make arrangements for me to fly to Brazil .
tr	NN	But one last item .
tr	NNS	Because she 'd mentioned activities rather than a career ?
tr	NNS	" Patrice has banned her sons from visiting her .
tr	NN	She 'd donned a vinyl apron , but one glance wouldn 't tell anyone what color it had been just minutes before .
tr	NN	" I think our little alley kitten here , is perfectly safe . "
tr	NN	Jax gripped another pillow above his head , sinking his fingers in for traction as pleasure ripped through him .
tr	NN	She gave his bottom lip a flick with her tongue , then sucked it gently .
tr	NN	Residual annoyance tapped out a tune .
tr	NNS	His eyes targeted certain wolves , and they dropped their gazes one after the other .
tr	NN	The storyteller 's face gained a grim aspect .
tr	NN	Simon forgot his hunger .
tr	NNS	He kicked his flip flops off and plopped down on the sandy shore .
tr	NNS	Six circles marked the areas where Jimmy 's cameras were located .
tr	NN	She straightened her spine .
tr	NNS	" Although Garrett has made it clear he much prefers cattle . "
tr	NNS	Aric promised the citizens that he would fulfill his father 's destiny .
tr	NNS	The two sat smoking cigarettes doing little more than talking between themselves .
tr	NN	She raced barefoot down the steps , throwing herself into her husband 's arms .
tr	NN	The way he looked at me had my clit throbbing with anticipation .
tr	NN	Making a protective cage around us .
tr	NN	When I wake up , I have an early-morning appointment with Dr. Warren , but I take the long way around and go by Realm 's room .
tr	NN	He heard the carriage wheels crunch on the gravel behind him , getting farther away until it disappeared .
tr	NN	After a pause he repeated the tune .
tr	NNS	Their house costs millions of dollars , were they to sell it today , and is probably on the historical architecture listings .
tr	NN	The way the soft white lights brought out the sheen of blue in his dark hair .
tr	NN	' I admire your ingenuity , but I 'm afraid nobody 's been in or phoned that matches your description . '
tr	NN	She laid her fork on the table .
tr	NN	She even turned one version into shorts and a cute tank top .
tr	NNS	I ripped off the top ten pages and handed them to Archer , along with a pen .
tr	NNS	I pushed down the motherly instincts within me that worried they 'd all starve to death .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of Zane disappearing out another window on the opposite side .
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths , then answered .
tr	NN	He smacked my hip for good measure .
tr	NN	Altair scooped up a handful of dirt and let it trickle through his fingers . '
tr	NN	I watched the lump in his throat move up and down as though it couldn 't decide which direction it should go .
tr	NN	Brought her hand south and chopped the air a fraction to the left of the cafe 's most northerly table .
tr	NN	Taking a bag from the satchel , he poured a small handful of shriveled berries into his palm .
tr	NN	I felt a compulsion to beat my fists against his chest until he denied it , but the truth burned like a fever inside me .
tr	NN	They held the fate of the villa in their hands .
tr	NN	The man had her running hotter than an engine without oil .
tr	NNS	Most ghost hunters bring all sorts of gadgetry . "
tr	NN	The woman in white sheathed the katana on her back and walked into the desert .
tr	NNS	Duncan applauded her efforts .
tr	NNS	He 'd rather have five good shots than ten poor ones any day .
tr	NN	We have our scroll , and our maps , and several rare and valuable items besides .
tr	NN	She followed the healer into the main reception area of the suite , and then off into a small side room .
tr	NNS	Zara squeezed her thighs together as if worried he might actually start with his " probing " .
tr	NNS	You didn 't need a mattress for kissing .
tr	NN	' Dost thou accept this responsibility freely , my daughter ? '
tr	NNS	The thought of returning and facing the consequences of my botched escape was playing tricks on my mind .
tr	NNS	But they have the same concepts of good and evil .
tr	NNS	The wizards patted their pockets in an embarrassed fashion .
tr	NNS	She noticed four settings with them all facing each other .
tr	NN	" Just don 't try and eat all my candy . "
tr	NNS	I hated those meetings .
tr	NN	She didn 't deserve my scorn .
tr	NNS	" He 's expensing his meals to terrorists ? "
tr	NN	He saw the pompous smirk below a set of squinted eyes that peered between the rising cigarette smoke .
tr	NNS	She was loosely holding the reins , allowing him to drink the clear , cool water , when she saw a whirl of dust .
tr	NNS	She searched her pockets for her hair tie and realized she must have left it in the examination room .
tr	NN	Shivering uncontrollably , Claire admitted defeat and went back inside the cabin , glad that she had her rucksack with her .
tr	NN	He had a baseball cap on and silicon sunblock on his nose , and must have noticed my profuse sweating .
tr	NNS	She named the man 's family members , and their ages , which rendered the show host speechless .
tr	NN	Judge Lyman brought up a glowing file with a wave of his hand .
tr	NN	" Well , I traded the cost of my labor for a year 's lease of the space .
tr	NNS	Luckily I knew my way around so well , the darkness only slowed my movements but did not hinder me completely .
tr	NNS	With that kind of moving history , she would have expected stacks of unpacked boxes rather than the top-notch organization .
tr	NN	" Her name , address and bank account info . "
tr	NN	Norman pulled the needle out with a spurt of blood .
tr	NN	Do not take this counsel lightly .
tr	NNS	Could weave fairy tales and bring hope .
tr	NN	James threw the painting to the floor .
tr	NNS	It had some soft cushions just inviting a body to sit and relax .
tr	NNS	Jenn loved the birds ; she owned a half dozen of them .
tr	NN	Don 't you want revenge ? "
tr	NNS	It sounded young and terrifyingly sinister .
tr	NN	Repeated a patient Dickie .
tr	NNS	We positioned our chairs to face the sun and both tilted our chairs back to lie on our backs .
tr	NN	Unfortunately her nearness intensified the hunger .
tr	NNS	" You mean ducks from Aberdeen ? "
tr	NN	As Grave struck nothing but air , she slammed the butt of the staff into his spine .
tr	NNS	He watched birds like the Hummingbird and some rare parrots move through the gardens of the villas .
tr	NN	The nurse isn 't flaunting the biohazard suit thankfully , which makes her look less intimidating .
tr	NN	" Perhaps a small demonstration . "
tr	NNS	Your bedroom window opens two inches .
tr	NN	I mean no harm .
tr	NNS	" Use your thighs to grip the pole , girls ! "
tr	NNS	" Yeah , then maybe I 'll have the credentials to join Alpha myself . "
tr	NNS	She lifted the blinds , peering out into the darkness .
tr	NNS	Daniel waited a few beats and then followed her .
tr	NN	From outside , I could hear the dismal , uncanny keening of the running pack .
tr	NN	" Folk of quality have no consideration at all for them what work for a living , do they ? "
tr	NN	" It 's called a browser .
tr	NNS	He had completely misconstrued her stillness ... And that was probably a good thing , she decided .
tr	NNS	He has several broken ribs , one of which punctured a lung .
tr	NNS	Our parents slip the gaudy trinkets onto each other 's hands , grinning like two teenagers .
tr	NNS	He didn 't believe her lies .
tr	NNS	I could see your fierceness to save him .
tr	NN	Chills slipped down Emma 's spine like icy fingers .
tr	NNS	Maybe I want lovers , but I don 't want them to have any power over me .
tr	NN	He dumped his briefcase on the desk closest to the projector and cleared his throat .
tr	NNS	" And he can see your buildings wherever he is . "
tr	NNS	He could command the heavens .
tr	NNS	I used the elements to diffuse his heartache and it filled me with happiness .
tr	NNS	If she 'd stuck with her plan , she probably would have had several babies by now .
tr	NNS	They found each other 's weak points and tore at them .
tr	NNS	Their conscience will show the hardness of a human heart .
tr	NNS	He 'd read wariness in the captain 's appraisal of him .
tr	NN	Blackened , dead and naked tree trunks littered the landscape .
tr	NN	He knows about not digging in a Queen 's garden .
tr	NNS	I 'd only remember fragments , blacking out and waking up not far away , often still frightened but somehow knowing that I 'd be safe .
tr	NNS	Might as well kill three birds with one stone .
tr	NNS	I take deserted roads .
tr	NNS	Tall grasses and weeds brushed their uniforms , making a scraping sound .
tr	NN	Hell , maybe I could see her frowning .
tr	NNS	They stifled their giggles as they stepped over the energy snakes , and into the inner ring .
tr	NN	She had charisma and character .
tr	NN	" Um ... " " Dreamer , you didn 't tell me you was pregnant , " croaked Ted .
tr	NNS	They wore thick metal head bands with streams of tubes and wires connected to them .
tr	NNS	She had goddess breasts and smelled of patchouli .
tr	NNS	With great care , Jess untied the ribbons of her bonnet and removed it , setting it carefully atop the seat of a chair .
tr	NN	Her face had an accusing smirk , but enough of a smile to let me know she wasn 't mad .
tr	NN	He pressed a dirty rag from his knapsack against the wound to staunch the blood .
tr	NN	He adjusted a knob on the wand 's handle , and the glowing loop contracted .
tr	NN	I 'll give him credit for that , but everyone was staring .
tr	NNS	We prepared our plates and sat in two large comfortable armchairs and ate .
tr	NN	Eyes widening at the generous tip , the boy thanked her brightly and disappeared back the way they had come .
tr	NNS	He lowered the sports pages and saw that Carol had answered the phone in the kitchen .
tr	NN	We will keep this discreet and your services will not be forgotten should you ever get into trouble . "
tr	NN	I gave a little shrug .
tr	NN	It didn 't do my reputation in the corridors of power much good though .
tr	NNS	Being what I am , I can only hold illusions for so long . "
tr	NN	He pushed her blouse from her shoulders , tossing it aside in the heat of the moment .
tr	NN	That mouth that I knew would exact the sweetest dirty revenge all over my body .
tr	NNS	" The lion eats the deer .
tr	NNS	But this is tracking water upstream ; tracing it to finer and finer tributaries .
tr	NN	She never fully regained consciousness while being buried alive .
tr	NN	But then Zach picks up his notepad and I immediately remember all the talking we did and didn 't in the last session .
tr	NNS	" So , you want twenty five dollars ? "
tr	NNS	Kaspar 's fingers left my temples and he looked down at me with contempt .
tr	NNS	" Take your chances with it and the wizard dies .
tr	NN	She then whispered a prayer for his departed spirit .
tr	NNS	" Where 's Ethan getting the funds to buy land and build a town ? "
tr	NNS	The clerk searched the shelves behind him for the chemical warmers .
tr	NN	" Like I said , man , I don 't know nothin ' about her .
tr	NNS	And now both took their knives out of their pockets and bravely cut into the cheese .
tr	NNS	When they arrived at the front desk Andre made arrangements for a room for the night .
tr	NN	Through the interface , he could make out a thrashing of limbs , the swing of an arm holding a knife .
tr	NNS	Watching him work every model , assuring perfection time after time for the hour-long duration of the show , erased my doubts .
tr	NNS	" Can we exchange numbers ?
tr	NN	Hank had Patch 's feather .
tr	NN	The lucky creatures couldn 't understand more than a handful of words , one of which was good .
tr	NNS	I 'll make arrangements to get you into a proper berth tomorrow if that 's alright with you . "
tr	NN	" Well , the normal things like governing and tactics , reading , writing and mathematics .
tr	NN	Kylie watched the adrenaline pump through his body as his chest heaved in and out in quick succession .
tr	NNS	I had a few shots instead , but that didn 't stop him .
tr	NNS	Chapter 7 From all their afternoons and evenings together , Earl knew Dante hated surprises .
tr	NN	We have a visitor . "
tr	NNS	Allie had gotten directions from Skully .
tr	NNS	" Empty your pockets and give me your purses .
tr	NN	" Oh my god ! "
tr	NN	" She worships perfection . "
tr	NNS	Since Jon 's color seemed to be returning and he was just lying there comfortably , Maynard didn 't raise any objections .
tr	NNS	Vaughn now held all the cards , including King .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , a civilian found the wreckage before the military did .
tr	NNS	Nine different lawyers gave their versions of what had happened .
tr	NN	" We have a picnic basket that looks like we had a picnic and an old wine bottle . "
tr	NN	" Actually , I broke off the engagement about a month before the wedding . "
tr	NN	' Before you leave , my lady , ' says the volcano . '
tr	NNS	' Don 't you see , witches ?
tr	NN	I won 't give you this satisfaction , ugly witch .
tr	NNS	Now fully ready for action , we marched down the hallways to the command room we saw yesterday .
tr	NNS	We 're taking some pretty big leaps of logic , as far as I can see . "
tr	NNS	The next time she ran away , she chased a deer just for fun .
tr	NN	They won 't know the extent of his paralysis until he wakes up and can begin physical therapy . "
tr	NN	" How 'd the Board take your announcement ? "
tr	NNS	You better watch your words , I don 't like bullies . "
tr	NN	And he had amassed a small fortune .
tr	NNS	" They mailed live birds in packages ? "
tr	NN	He made a welcome gesture to them and told them to follow him to a restful place , which they did .
tr	NNS	I shoved the items into a pile so everything was in contact , then spread my hands over the pile so I was touching everything .
tr	NNS	Ogg views such activities with an indulgent smile .
tr	NN	Scott pulled up the file and hit the play button .
tr	NNS	Roman had his doubts .
tr	NN	Thanks to his efforts , we have a more honest police department and the Ross crime syndicate is out of commission . "
tr	NN	" When the guards at Four Corners heard that Nobody !
tr	NN	Misty rounded one particularly large clump of boulders and was rewarded with the sight of a narrow opening between two big rocks .
tr	NN	Garth took up his net and looked about nervously .
tr	NNS	" How have you handled your relationship issues ? "
tr	NNS	As he looked inside , she burst out , " Torches , crackers and cheese , bottled water , rolled up rugs , and rope .
tr	NNS	She pinned her temples between her index fingers and she regained her balance .
tr	NNS	Made two trips to Oregon and one to Washington while the regular guy was out , but he came back .
tr	NN	Since I couldn 't make her stop studying me , I returned the favor .
tr	NN	He gently pulls the braid from my mouth , grasping my hand for a sec .
tr	NNS	He picked his targets and sent them down , each one with a third eye .
tr	NNS	He has his own issues , and he needs to resolve them with Jacob .
tr	NN	I 'd been given one reprieve from breaking the rules .
tr	NN	Tim fought the urge to argue , but he wanted to insist they swap roles .
tr	NN	She waved an automatic rifle in the air .
tr	NN	For now , he sent his fox into the room , and he heard her yip of greeting .
tr	NN	Cynthia heard her father shout and followed his gaze .
tr	NN	Lauren fought the urge to roll her eyes .
tr	NNS	She flipped over a few pages and traced down a selected page with her finger .
tr	NNS	Noisy animals , thank heavens , that would help mask any sounds of her escape .
tr	NNS	They pour millions into races because they 're afraid of the FDA and they 're fed up with government regulations .
tr	NNS	He would not allow any more attempts on her life .
tr	NN	" Wife , you are taking me unto certain doom . "
tr	NN	The emotion broke my resolve .
tr	NN	Just as their vision returned , they could see the assassin tipping backward through the window .
tr	NNS	Know the mechanics ; become intertwined with their characteristics . "
tr	NN	They 'd managed a truce through supper and halfway into the first dance , but then something else had gone wrong .
tr	NNS	Any other time Heather would have made her excuses , but her empty house still loomed way too big .
tr	NN	Pilcher handed his champagne flute to Pam .
tr	NNS	She 'd found some treasures there before and now would be a good time to go browsing again .
tr	NN	The Russian had no beard and almost no hair .
tr	NN	I 'm still wearing my cheer uniform and , of course , forgot a jacket .
tr	NNS	" They haven 't eaten half those sandwiches . "
tr	NNS	He had houses rebuilt and replanted the parks , which wound their way around the cliffs surrounding the whole town .
tr	NN	She fought the impulse down .
tr	NN	Tucker pulled the shepherd 's tactical vest out of his backpack .
tr	NNS	" But , Sys , you don 't have a gender , " she questioned delicately .
tr	NNS	The twinkle lights around the floorboard flashed tiny sparkles of light on the walls and ceiling .
tr	NN	" They aren 't setting up all that equipment for nature shots . "
tr	NNS	I couldn 't hear their jokes but it wasn 't too difficult to figure out the substance .
tr	NN	" No thank you , honey .
tr	NNS	I slapped the mattress .
tr	NN	* * * Coming through the flat 's door to the ringing phone Calvin made a dash grabbing it .
tr	NNS	Andrea heard more shots and then the bear 's bellow of pain .
tr	NNS	They have our best interests at heart .
tr	NNS	Even a machine couldn 't cause such radical changes .
tr	NN	I tied the tablecloth around Alexi 's head .
tr	NN	" Whose version ? "
tr	NNS	She raised her wineglass to her lips .
tr	NN	" Don 't mock me , " said the janitor , and resumed sweeping .
tr	NNS	Melanie held up her wineglass .
tr	NNS	But he hadn 't taken the drugs she brought .
tr	NN	Her emotion had an immediate effect on him .
tr	NN	When Caio was within reach , he put the receptionist under a spell to be unconscious .
tr	NNS	They have provisions and tents and will camp outside . "
tr	NN	Madeleine pulled her granddaughter away and sent her down the corridor with a push .
tr	NNS	Imagine the malpractice suits from placebos that don 't work -- and they don 't always work .
tr	NNS	Owain Gwynedd had many sons and daughters .
tr	NNS	He 's dicing vegetables and I watch as his muscles flex .
tr	NN	Anyway , I like your style , avoid the question , change the subject .
tr	NN	yelled the sergeant from across the command post .
tr	NN	Still deep in thought , Spike grasped the fork and pushed it near the flames .
tr	NNS	So many people ruin grand old houses like this .
tr	NN	My most loyal follower . "
tr	NNS	A sea of tuts and shaking heads accompanied his efforts to turn the trolley over and replace the goods that littered the floor .
tr	NN	Antonietta felt the twist of pain in the region of her heart , but she kept her chin up .
tr	NNS	I rubbed the drops from my brow and suddenly realised I was not alone .
tr	NN	I have quite a thirst . "
tr	NNS	I couldn 't have ties .
tr	NN	" The position commands respect of the highest . "
tr	NN	They don 't have enough imagination to be afraid . "
tr	NNS	" Thank heavens the original owner of that rapier was a better fencer than Kincaid . "
tr	NNS	We 'll be sitting ducks crossing it .
tr	NN	Providence picked up a tin and pried at the lid with her fingernails , until it popped free .
tr	NNS	" If they don 't get those supplies ... well , they need those supplies . "
tr	NNS	" Build up your defenses ! "
tr	NNS	I took more deep breaths to regain some composure .
tr	NNS	Kate dragged the mats over to the pile , her perky ass high in the air on perfect display .
tr	NN	Lucy 's smile flickered , comprehension in her eyes .
tr	NN	Crush this foolish mortal beneath your heel ! "
tr	NN	She got the impression he was considering opening fire and going down in a hail of bullets .
tr	NNS	You 'll get dizzy and fall down and I 'm not sure you could withstand any more head injuries . "
tr	NNS	I waited three breaths , and I felt them rush through my lungs like the last gulps of air before drowning .
tr	NN	When she ventured a look over her shoulder , she could see Chancey 's scowl as he tottered back to the helm .
tr	NN	Did you give the presentation ? "
tr	NN	Despite knowing absolutely nothing about the play , he exuded Stanley 's charisma , his absolute disregard for Blanche .
tr	NN	A cold chill tickled up my spine .
tr	NNS	" Although with much persuading I can resolve those issues as well .
tr	NN	I reached the Cadillac .
tr	NN	Nate held up the totem .
tr	NNS	He had forced the twins to join our fight .
tr	NN	" Okay , but I 'm telling the senator you demanded to be let in . "
tr	NN	" You have an appointment ? "
tr	NNS	A chill , damp wind was blowing bits of litter around the parking lot .
tr	NN	You 've only got a few minutes supply ; but that 's all you 'll need . "
tr	NNS	It has the gods in an uproar and unhappy with him .
tr	NN	Yet , a puff of air containing much more energy would simply send the bubble wobbling off in a new direction .
tr	NN	A crewman had clipped his lifeline to Arman 's suit belt .
tr	NNS	I had the funds .
tr	NNS	He could explain away the blackened remains of the undead visitors , but would be in serious trouble if he ruined his mom 's Italian marble tile .
tr	NNS	At the worst , he would breach her defenses and take what he wanted , then leave without any thought for the emotional devastation he left behind .
tr	NNS	Kenton waved Fellows to the only other chair in his office , keeping his attention on the papers that littered his desk .
tr	NN	His foot snapped a small branch .
tr	NN	There stood the warlock seething at the bottom of the porch because he knew he couldn 't get inside .
tr	NNS	She loved surprises , especially Nate 's .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes .
tr	NN	A hand squeezed my thigh in warning .
tr	NN	The spot on the back of her head where she had fallen and hit the side table had a huge knot .
tr	NNS	In the orange glow of the fading sun I can make out the burnt remains of a building .
tr	NN	" Fire burn and cauldron bubble , release the smoke , Rover , and undo trouble ! "
tr	NN	" I did the Porn Chic course last semester .
tr	NNS	Cargo shirked its bindings .
tr	NN	He definitely appreciates an ambitious worker as long as you 're smart to go along with that ambition .
tr	NN	I swerved around furniture I didn 't know was there .
tr	NN	If they were being followed , this would bring direct confrontation .
tr	NNS	Next time , hit the deer . "
tr	NN	I followed the disturbance in the air trying to see if my assumption was right .
tr	NNS	They had completely different interests , yet that seemed to keep them together instead of driving them apart .
tr	NN	I handed Meagan the rope as I stared at the distant sky .
tr	NN	It had eased the hunger but as Ronan had said , it left her feeling unsatisfied .
tr	NN	He shuts the toilet lid and takes a seat .
tr	NNS	One 's bubble filled head drops back to look at the ceiling , vacuuming sexual confrontation into each lung via flared nostrils .
tr	NNS	For the first time , I notice the lace undergarments laid out on top of the dresser .
tr	NN	Just now , when I passed out I saw her Kennan .
tr	NNS	" I don 't tolerate restrictions . "
tr	NN	And I wasn 't giving it up I 'd had the most amazing hallucination today .
tr	NN	She studied the effect , then hurried to the wall behind the headboard to tilt the two paintings hanging there .
tr	NNS	" He gathered more quilts and bundled them on the floor along the wall farthest from the window .
tr	NN	' I 've taken your advice too , and painted the cart a drab brown . '
tr	NN	He gave my shoulder a light squeeze .
tr	NNS	" So you didn 't do these special dances ? "
tr	NN	CHAPTER FOURTEEN I punch my pillow , trying to make it sit just right , roll onto my back and face the ceiling .
tr	NNS	He could hear Shirley 's wolves , the rest of his guards and the Star Cove Pack howling and snapping from the other side .
tr	NN	" Wait a sec .
tr	NN	He could feel the vomit rising in his throat , but puking in here would certainly not improve the air quality any .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to moan .
tr	NN	" Don 't mock my future greatness .
tr	NN	Removing the lid he opened up the oily package to reveal the Browning High Power issued to him so many years before .
tr	NNS	The line of a wicked scar ran down his ribs and disappeared into a swirl of dark hair .
tr	NN	He recalled her file before he could stop the thought .
tr	NNS	He watched nearby houses to make sure no curtains moved or lights came on .
tr	NNS	I still have nightmares , sometimes , and , well ... " She stopped , unsure of how to go on .
tr	NNS	" Could we exchange email addresses ?
tr	NNS	You see , he had other servants besides Bede , and family too .
tr	NNS	" You can meet your fears in flesh .
tr	NN	' Have you no faith in him ; your own father ? '
tr	NN	I smashed the tart smack dab in the middle of his face .
tr	NN	" Well can 't you say hey in the kitchen ?
tr	NNS	Other girls have had strange reactions and gotten pissed ... " he tapered off .
tr	NNS	" It must eat parasites from other creatures and perhaps mold and fungus . "
tr	NN	She stole a quick peek at me as she texted .
tr	NNS	Make offers , instead .
tr	NN	He quickly typed another command and activated the listener .
tr	NN	Sarah had the task of serving the Kings men , a job that she was most capable of doing .
tr	NNS	He found buckles and rivets - remnants of military belts and web straps .
tr	NN	I heard the snap , but it was too late .
tr	NNS	" Welcome gentlemen . "
tr	NN	Leah pulled out an elegantly wrapped package and waited and watched as I unwrapped it .
tr	NNS	Fear gripped my insides .
tr	NN	I couldn 't say heartbroken .
tr	NN	Finally , I can 't stand the suspense .
tr	NNS	Chapter 2 Riley Six Years Ago Hudson Blake reminded me of a hawk : a majestic , maddening , and daring hawk .
tr	NN	They have taken away your prayer in school .
tr	NN	Added to the one already in their possession , they would have enough capacity to carry all the Tides to the Still Blue .
tr	NNS	" And this place is giving me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	For him to do so now spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Drink hot chocolate on a bench in the park 7 .
tr	NNS	Let Rudy use the dirty tricks ; she would use finesse .
tr	NNS	" No , but we have pies .
tr	NNS	Maybe their families hadn 't filed reports yet .
tr	NNS	But to answer your question we have some other skills , but I think this is enough for tonight . "
tr	NNS	He would get no arguments from her .
tr	NNS	" Except the bugs . "
tr	NN	He sounded a little unnerved , which was unusual .
tr	NNS	" Maybe I should lay all my cards on the table and be done with it . "
tr	NN	Embossed in large , shining letters it read : Our Family .
tr	NNS	They both held their breaths waiting for the riders to disappear behind a half-dozen scraggly trees that stood alone at the bottom corner of their hill .
tr	NN	For the briefest second , Daniel caught a glimpse of his eyes as they glistened through the darkness .
tr	NNS	My duties towards the beings of my own species had greater claims to my attention because they included a greater proportion of happiness or misery .
tr	NN	Maybe you can gauge the health of a society by the health of the families in that society .
tr	NN	As a result each emissary gave only one safe location to one peoples .
tr	NN	His grin revealed a dimple to the right of his mouth .
tr	NNS	He did not see her shifting forms .
tr	NN	Today , for the first time in a long while , you could see the rug again , and the bed was neatly made .
tr	NN	As her parents head to the kitchen , the pretty blonde retrieves a package from behind the couch .
tr	NN	Short breaks of repeated pecks preceded an onslaught of renewed passion .
tr	NNS	Stay and take her chances with Harvey ?
tr	NN	Her hankie covered a discreet sniffle , before she tucked the bit of lace away .
tr	NN	Just moving her head made everything spin .
tr	NNS	Had she not placed the babies in His keeping ?
tr	NNS	I was still making excuses for him when he had to have known how much it hurt me for him to say he loved someone else .
tr	NN	In this case it has the opposite effect : I can feel the blood draining from my hand as the arterial circulation is restricted .
tr	NN	He would tell his mother-in-law in person that her daughter had died .
tr	NN	She 'd always assumed Hunter was his real name , but now that she thought about it , everyone in the gang had used a nickname .
tr	NN	" Maybe then they 'll open their Chest and we can send a message .
tr	NN	" Why are you looking so glum ?
tr	NNS	He had gripped Willie 's biceps and squeezed until a vein had popped up in the crook of his elbow , amid all the angry red punctures .
tr	NNS	It doesn 't perform miracles .
tr	NNS	She not only looked older than just sixteen , she had tastes that belied her age as well .
tr	NN	Explain the error of your ways .
tr	NNS	They haven 't seen troubled waters .
tr	NNS	Nodding , she ran her palms over her bent knees and focused on the window .
tr	NNS	He could see the clouds of doubt forming rapidly in Danny 's eyes .
tr	NN	Rory pulled up the rod and swung the gate , its rusty hinges shrieking .
tr	NN	When he finally got the ball , he did a quick pump to freeze the safety , then turned for the handoff .
tr	NNS	My brothers didn 't have half her brains .
tr	NN	I missed young William 's funeral too . '
tr	NN	" Charles didn 't understand the meaning of privacy .
tr	NNS	She grabbed the plates and utensils from him and began to lay them out .
tr	NNS	Domestic help filled the halls of the home of a rich duke .
tr	NNS	We 're still staying off the roads , paralleling the western path that runs past Pillar , when the forest thickens into a field of impassable brambles .
tr	NN	" Now get your butt up ! "
tr	NN	" Put the dagger away , let him go . "
tr	NNS	" Open all the ports and doors for God 's sake !
tr	NNS	The women in this family have mean , vicious hearts . "
tr	NN	Clayton vomited an ugly black liquid .
tr	NN	I had just caught a glimpse of a very skinny guy taking a seat in the stands .
tr	NN	We discussed the situation amongst ourselves and each time we talked about it , our anger churned and intensified our resolve to take action .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon . "
tr	NNS	" Marlene 's cracking jokes , as usual . "
tr	NNS	" Your bra and underpants will cover up the interesting bits . "
tr	NN	" I would rather him lose respect than fall and get hurt . "
tr	NN	" What 's that green stuff oozing outta there ?
tr	NN	She felt his hard c * ck pressing against her leg , but he seemed more than willing to wait for her .
tr	NN	I offered a silent prayer for the innocent woman who had been slain and went back to my initial search .
tr	NN	" Well , " His eyes light up , " your husband just acquired a new software I developed .
tr	NNS	Out of respect for his friend , he fired the engines , retracted the landing gear and hovered in front of Yin .
tr	NNS	And our tradition of hating your people goes back many generations . "
tr	NN	" Mum , thank goodness .
tr	NN	" We had a disagreement a couple days ago . "
tr	NN	He admired and envied her lackadaisical demeanor , as though she had ridden a thousand buses just like this one and nothing could faze her .
tr	NNS	I 'm having T-shirts made . "
tr	NNS	She held her palms up in front of her , glancing back at him with a timid smile when he squeezed her thigh .
tr	NN	The creatures slammed into their blades and shields amidst a cacophony of screeches and guttural sounds unintended for men 's ears .
tr	NN	The king of thieves had stolen his very throne , but just as the prophecy foretold , the hero of time struck him down .
tr	NN	The boys downtown will handle the disappearance .
tr	NN	Gives us a special niche . "
tr	NNS	Driving through the center of New Meadows drew stares from the few locals out .
tr	NNS	Of course , you can breed and raise dogs anywhere .
tr	NNS	I wipe my palms on my skirt .
tr	NN	Her voice still held some sweetness as she said this , and her eyes seemed to reproach him .
tr	NNS	The long chains also had razor-sharp points at the tips , as many as six at one end , which could do a tremendous amount of damage .
tr	NN	" Grammy Maura saved Mama , right ?
tr	NN	The steps had reached the landing .
tr	NNS	The name that every steward has carried for , well , at least eleven generations .
tr	NNS	But the compulsion to actually connect with another human being tipped the scales .
tr	NN	" Give the man a medal . "
tr	NNS	But she couldn 't help the seeds of doubt , the concern that maybe he regretted his decision .
tr	NN	She 's been teaching her granddaughter , Faith Ann , the piano on Monday afternoons .
tr	NNS	We 'll be doing the interviews together . "
tr	NN	He definitely hadn 't seen this twist coming .
tr	NN	" Am I chopped liver ? "
tr	NNS	She sighed and threw back the covers .
tr	NNS	Claire threw the covers aside and swung her feet over the edge of the bed .
tr	NN	He 's turning twenty-seven which is apparently a big deal .
tr	NNS	" And if they won 't take their coins ? "
tr	NN	Shaking her head , Willow firmed her resolve .
tr	NNS	They swarmed the stalkers .
tr	NN	I could see my own ethereal body ripple with the effect .
tr	NN	Then he saw the humor in her eyes that balanced the stern tone of voice .
tr	NNS	Trenton flipped through a few more pages of the magazine , tossed it onto the counter , and then headed back to his room .
tr	NNS	He wiped his palms on his jeans , and I heard the words he wasn 't saying .
tr	NN	Tonight I 'll call the tune , and apes will dance !
tr	NN	Albert unzipped his backpack and removed the black box he had previously gotten from Max .
tr	NN	Giancarlo had a unique running style .
tr	NNS	I grabbed both her tits and squeezed as my release hit me and I pumped into her , wishing there was no barrier .
tr	NNS	' I found tracks for a couple of dozen .
tr	NN	The tip of the screwdriver finally touched the knob of the bolt .
tr	NNS	In fact , Woodpecker disliked spoiled and neurotic birds , and was not interested in Bird -- Spoiled Pigeon , so he decided to back up .
tr	NNS	He never knew the exact numbers , but Carlos the Thomas as they called him had killed over twenty people or so he claimed .
tr	NN	You 'll see the folly of this in the morning . "
tr	NNS	I heard only the normal animal noises in addition to the grind of metal on wood , so I was reassured that no Freaks lurked nearby .
tr	NNS	You know those cheesy Vegas weddings with a fake elvis ?
tr	NNS	I usually spend the long weekends here , if I 'm not working or away .
tr	NNS	It takes fourteen pages to say this , but I 'm satisfied with the language .
tr	NNS	But if you think you 're better , show off your skills at the America 's Got Talent extravaganza on Sunday night !
tr	NN	She was forking hay and dung , handling the big pitchfork very capably for someone as small and light as she was .
tr	NN	He let out a snort .
tr	NNS	I completed my prayers and headed for the classroom .
tr	NN	Do you have the necessary equipment for that ? '
tr	NN	Boone stayed vigilant trying to listen to as many conversations as possible .
tr	NN	The sky had withdrawn his fury and the rains had stopped .
tr	NN	There , Charley and I saw the aftermath of their encounter .
tr	NNS	I 'd tipped off the archangels , in other words .
tr	NN	She didn 't have a passport .
tr	NN	Morgan stole a quick peek at Mike , then focused on her hands again .
tr	NN	" Spoken like a true criminal . "
tr	NN	I sit Indian style on the bench with the stats book on my lap and the pencil in my mouth , ready to go .
tr	NN	He wanted a shave and a hot shower .
tr	NNS	Winkler , having done away with three of the others , also had a few bites but nothing that wouldn 't heal quickly .
tr	NNS	Check cameras 37 , 47 , and 60 -- 69 . "
tr	NN	She tugged the picnic basket with her and slammed the car door .
tr	NNS	For a while , they danced around the ghosts of the past by catching up with the present .
tr	NN	Taking the file , Valerie let out a small groan .
tr	NNS	Her breathing went shallow , and he was left to wonder at her strange behavior .
tr	NNS	" Come on in the kitchen I was just fixing myself some Chai Tea , I 'll make it two cups . "
tr	NNS	Someone must have reported the shots .
tr	NNS	As the day wore on and they gradually closed the distance , they could see cliffs arising directly from the sea .
tr	NNS	I scanned my surroundings again : just lush , green jungle .
tr	NN	Surely she wasn 't buying that crap ?
tr	NNS	" Every thing costs coins .
tr	NN	I had followed their loving advice .
tr	NN	Link trudged up the hill with his garden shears in hand .
tr	NN	He 'd been dying the mop for years .
tr	NN	Grayling could have easily misjudged his landing and gone tumbling down to the street level .
tr	NN	Summer helped her climb back into the stool while Autumn went to fetch the ingredients for the pizza .
tr	NN	But I suddenly felt an uncontrollable compulsion to turn around .
tr	NNS	Preliminary investigation of Kieron 's tablet had only two different fingerprints on the touchscreen .
tr	NN	Adelia could feel all the oxygen fleeing from her lungs .
tr	NN	He solicited legal advice from spectators and dictated his autobiography to The New York Herald .
tr	NNS	Altogether big bucks . "
tr	NN	Lucy fights back a yawn , then takes a big gulp of her coffee .
tr	NNS	I took two test tubes and stuck them in my shirt pocket .
tr	NNS	' We can feed our dogs , so our hunting 's a success .
tr	NN	She placed a second marker on top of his first and then stared down at the board , but made no move .
tr	NNS	I have assigned your numbers based on your scores at your podiums .
tr	NN	" Thank you , my lord .
tr	NNS	Echo barely saw their surroundings as they whizzed past .
tr	NNS	We mapped out the different areas of the school and decided who would slip out to which area , and when .
tr	NN	" And you 're not taking that t-shirt .
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	Neither division ever had more than 20 students at any one time .
tr	NN	" My lords , " he said softly , " the men of this city will need our leadership .
tr	NNS	" But you cannot dictate your terms .
tr	NNS	I send Sky birthday cards and Christmas cards but I don 't know if they get to her . "
tr	NN	" I 'm not doing a second review .
tr	NNS	DeMarcus 's dad grilled hamburgers and hot dogs for us .
tr	NNS	I bat my eyelashes at him boldly .
tr	NNS	He closed the scant inches between them , claiming her mouth , storming his way straight to her heart .
tr	NNS	Miguel , a regular poker player at the local casinos , confidently raises twenty dollars .
tr	NN	You had the rug pulled from under your feet .
tr	NN	At last , he heard the rattle of the chopper 's chain guns .
tr	NNS	Their roof hadn 't lost any shingles .
tr	NN	To some , the judgment may bring a pardon at some level that we do not yet understand . "
tr	NN	No longer able to withstand it , he growled , penetrating , his shaft filling her .
tr	NN	As the chopper ascended , I gave Hawkins a final salute , holding it until the base appeared as nothing more than a child 's toy .
tr	NN	Holiday moved the damp cloth across Kylie 's brow again .
tr	NN	Trystan threw a pillow at his friend and it nailed him in the chest .
tr	NNS	They had also rounded up other chairs which they set up outside for people who wanted to hear some of her poetry and just chat with her .
tr	NNS	No , Neil set the bugs outside the door to fend for themselves .
tr	NNS	He did have two sons though .
tr	NNS	Closing her eyes , she took several deep breaths trying to gain control of her rioting nerves .
tr	NN	I gathered up her basket .
tr	NN	I 'd had the urge to run outside and push my body to the limit , sprinting and bounding and dodging everything in my path .
tr	NN	Widening the divide between Shifters and humans . "
tr	NN	Beth tossed her napkin on the table and folded her arms across her chest , a smile pulling at her lips .
tr	NNS	* * * Simon washed the dishes and swallowed impatience .
tr	NN	After walking toward the back door , I turned the knob and stuck my head out , looking for signs of Noah .
tr	NN	He reloaded his rifle and took careful aim , firing a shot that instantly made the horse flop to the ground .
tr	NN	I have only a sketch of what the harbor entrance looks like .
tr	NN	" Did you sabotage the Clarity too ?
tr	NN	" How did he hear a rumor like that when he 's all the way across the fucking world ? "
tr	NNS	I could feel my senses waning as the worrisome thoughts began to take over my consciousness .
tr	NN	Adrian again managed a dodge , but the painting didn 't fare so well .
tr	NN	She wore commander 's rank .
tr	NNS	I know 30 other students who will join us if we make this compromise .
tr	NN	Matisse had never felt such terror in her life .
tr	NN	I crushed the plastic tumbler in my hand .
tr	NN	Ruth smoothed a stray curl into place .
tr	NNS	He switched positions , taking my legs from his h * ps and vaulting them to his chest .
tr	NNS	" I can do all sorts of crazy magic that I can 't do in the real world .
tr	NNS	I approached the models , careful to sound deferential to their exalted status .
tr	NN	I can 't fix the rocket !
tr	NN	He inherited the lordship from his family and she was one of my ladies .
tr	NN	Scanning the road ahead , he saw a well-lit , but empty BP station at the bottom of the exit .
tr	NN	I got a different impression as I heard you playing in the water .
tr	NNS	Jackie dodged the deepest ruts , but her maneuvers wouldn 't do much to reduce the number of bruises Alex would be cursing in the morning .
tr	NN	I don 't give a fuck about labels .
tr	NNS	" I think we are going back to very old rules , " Doyle said , " not the human ones we adopted some centuries ago . "
tr	NNS	A few years after the cane selected me , my parents got work assignments in Delhi , and we moved away from Patna .
tr	NN	Hanging from the cabin , down below the cables , each supported a swaying metal net on long cords , loaded with lumber .
tr	NNS	The pair caused her insides to shiver with something akin to pleasure and delight .
tr	NN	More importantly his clothes carried the distinct aroma of alcohol .
tr	NNS	He had reached the flats and it was time to focus on his mission .
tr	NNS	I 'd also made arrangements to rent a satellite phone for use on the trip , but I 'd been warned that it wasn 't always dependable .
tr	NN	Dahlia could feel the affection the men had for their injured comrade .
tr	NN	Without further explanation , I set the jar on the outside step between us , turning quickly to draw inside the house .
tr	NNS	What if I add those numbers together ... ?
tr	NN	" You respect my uncle .
tr	NN	Mark accepted her warm proposal with just a little more than a spring in his step and followed Kimberly into the house .
tr	NN	She had a sudden urge to jump up and scream , though it would be less than helpful .
tr	NNS	She took three deep breaths and came back to her upright position .
tr	NN	Then he tripped over the threshold on his way out the back door , where he stuck his head under the hose . "
tr	NN	I slowed my skip to a graceful stride .
tr	NNS	Instead he slowly lowers his palms to the leather covering .
tr	NNS	After she had won the money there were men with marriage proposals , investments and scams to try and bilk her out of it .
tr	NN	Probably had a saucer of cream and a fluffy pillow waiting for her in front of the television .
tr	NNS	Slowly , she retracts the scales on her feet .
tr	NNS	Blackshear pointed out the large crates marked " Peerless . "
tr	NN	I heard Hudson 's sharp intake of breath as my fingers slowly touched his hardness .
tr	NN	Instincts overrode terror , and he mostly managed to avoid the backswing .
tr	NN	A lot of people don 't get my humor .
tr	NN	Never heard that tune before .
tr	NNS	I 've made other arrangements .
tr	NN	' Not my style . '
tr	NN	Others were having the small location where the top of the neck , spine , and bottom the head met examined .
tr	NNS	A rush of anxiety flooded her insides .
tr	NN	" Setting a trap . "
tr	NN	Stefan used a sharp wooden letter opener from his desk to cut himself .
tr	NNS	He 'd removed his briefs and his thick erection strained against her thigh for attention .
tr	NNS	All we are doing is fetching supplies so our next strike will be worth dying for . "
tr	NN	You 'll have a fair trial . "
tr	NNS	I should have trusted my instincts rather than listen to his sweet words .
tr	NN	I spit out another mouthful of blood .
tr	NNS	We didn 't have maids or cooks .
tr	NN	He picked up his duffel and was out the side door of the house .
tr	NN	I got a last minute admission . "
tr	NNS	With a crack of splintering wood Frank fell backwards , with the door now at his back straight to the floor .
tr	NN	Three sound crews , with a fourth in reserve , tested and retested equipment , which included wireless microphones , boom mics , parabolic dish microphones .
tr	NN	Jay Perkins , chief of protocol , was briefing the president .
tr	NNS	Every forceful stroke made her weak , breathless .
tr	NN	He grabbed a rope and roughly bound her hands with it .
tr	NN	she asked the owner , who was usually in the back or walking through , talking to customers .
tr	NN	After she finished washing , she wrapped the large white towel around her body then headed toward the mirror .
tr	NNS	Alice packed some other supplies for her father .
tr	NNS	She was wearing the sweats he 'd mentioned earlier .
tr	NN	She could just imagine the leer on Redgrave 's face as he said it .
tr	NN	He pushed his grief aside so he could protect Princess Amer .
tr	NN	Take pity on us , please , and make this great drought stop . "
tr	NNS	He almost always spent Venture balls reading there ; he didn 't like the pomp and ceremony that came from hosting a party .
tr	NNS	Annette and Gary Shepherd had poured their hearts into fundraising for it and contributed a substantial amount to the cost from their own pockets .
tr	NN	They might need this bench for kids with serious injuries . "
tr	NN	Bane was holding a tarp that they would attach to the top of the poles to keep out the rain .
tr	NN	They had a lab equipped with all the latest testing equipment and would analyze the samples quicker than sending them half way across the country .
tr	NN	They started up the hill and then froze .
tr	NN	" Open the cage ! "
tr	NNS	You should 've practiced your spells like a good little witch rather than depended on your false glory .
tr	NNS	Even Primes , like my parents , didn 't truly have their own brains .
tr	NN	The man wore the blue uniform of a London Underground worker .
tr	NNS	She followed his movements almost obsessively , but there was a strange sheen gathering in her eyes , as if she were slipping further away .
tr	NNS	Marion zipped closed the dusty blinds .
tr	NN	I shook my ponytail to clear my head .
tr	NN	Kneeling , she spread a red and white check cloth on the floor , laying out slices of mutton , ham and freshly churned butter .
tr	NNS	' Johnny , I 'm sorry I wasn 't able to meet you at the airport , Fiona was running errands .
tr	NNS	He had his connections and his ways .
tr	NN	An uneasy sensation crawled up Rusty 's spine .
tr	NN	He 'd had potential disaster tossed at his feet on his wedding day and she wanted good company ?
tr	NN	He stuffed his US passport inside a utility bag inside his backpack , along with his monthly Dutch train pass .
tr	NN	" A spark that ignited the underground gas tank would take half the airport with it . "
tr	NNS	She didn 't give him directions , and she didn 't bother to offer them .
tr	NN	Cindy 's nose spatters snot and blood .
tr	NNS	' We can play cards or something . '
tr	NN	They leave the cavern without a word .
tr	NN	She made an appointment to meet him at a café that afternoon .
tr	NNS	" I love weddings . "
tr	NN	I could hold my liquor better than most men .
tr	NNS	Once I draw back a little to study him , I see the marks of time in his face .
tr	NNS	Mr. Kennedy turned his big , bony hands palms upward .
tr	NNS	" Watch me , " one of the players in the corner said and matched three hearts with four spades , emptying his hand .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	My heels massaged his buttocks .
tr	NNS	" We 'll give you five hundred dollars , " Alex said , " and you and Ben will write the screenplay for that . "
tr	NNS	They made two trips , with both her car and Phoebe 's loaded , rooftop and all .
tr	NNS	Steve had repainted the old outside toilets and they were never locked .
tr	NNS	He wiped out entire generations and civilizations for the fun of it .
tr	NNS	Human teeth grew fangs .
tr	NNS	His tongue stroked a caress .
tr	NN	" So you have learned discretion . "
tr	NN	" You have a visitor ! "
tr	NN	" I played ice hockey at school .
tr	NNS	You paid little heed . "
tr	NN	Buzz couldn 't believe his good fortune .
tr	NN	he asked the cowboy .
tr	NNS	You have the brains to be behind something like this , and you 're different .
tr	NN	I don 't care , " he ordered the pilot .
tr	NN	My stomach did a funny little twist , a familiar reaction when it came to training with Zayne .
tr	NN	I have a favor to ask . "
tr	NN	Why not grab some hemorrhoid cream and Viagra while you 're at it ?
tr	NNS	I drew black butterflies and circles all over them .
tr	NNS	" Speed 2,900 knots at 85,000 feet .
tr	NNS	He has no social skills whatsoever .
tr	NNS	He kept all the plowing blades and picking hooks in good condition .
tr	NNS	As soon as he answers the door he 'll instantly see my nipples pushing through the wet material in anticipation of his touch .
tr	NN	We can put this attraction on hold for a while , but Anna , it is not just going to go away . "
tr	NNS	" Can you set the dates for Ellie 's , Marie 's , and Joseph 's trials ?
tr	NN	I don 't just have an urge to couple with her and be done with it .
tr	NN	' I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NN	Thank God Bishop had buried his grief long enough to be of some use to us .
tr	NN	I checked the fridge and asked Susan , " Coke ? "
tr	NN	Still , she appreciated the reprieve , not ready to deal with Mike again so soon .
tr	NNS	He was making jokes like Jace does .
tr	NNS	After finding a cute pair of sandals to go with my new outfit , I took my items up to the register .
tr	NN	The lad pulled a pen from his record bag .
tr	NNS	He had no assets of worth , what would he leave to his children ?
tr	NNS	" I actually used to work down here , a few blocks back that way . "
tr	NNS	They " re city dwarfs .
tr	NNS	The bearing had no significant marks on it .
tr	NNS	The healing hands of the Fae had obviously done wonders for her .
tr	NNS	Every Institute was issued reports of what happened at the Burren .
tr	NN	He could feel Megan glare at him .
tr	NNS	" Seems he 'd have more connections than you would . "
tr	NNS	" Shut the engines down ? "
tr	NN	He rubbed a temple and felt a drip running down his cheek .
tr	NN	He 'd bought the privilege to do so , just as he 'd bought the right to undress her later if he chose .
tr	NN	She checked the peephole .
tr	NNS	So do all the Greeks .
tr	NNS	She pulled back the covers , joining him in between the sheets where she could snuggle up properly .
tr	NNS	You don 't have endless reserves of energy - " " He was dying , " Clary interrupted .
tr	NNS	His hand felt nice resting on my hip , so I let it stay .
tr	NNS	She saw the layers of dust that hadn 't bothered her before , and she wished she 'd at least cleaned the floor before going on tour .
tr	NNS	The driveway split thirty yards in front of the house .
tr	NN	He did appreciate the quality of the TV set here ; it was almost like being there .
tr	NNS	She turned and thanked the gods when Gordian followed without another word .
tr	NN	I represent an organization that wishes to acquire your services . "
tr	NNS	I remember those plots . "
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples and mumbled incoherently .
tr	NN	William picked up a sculpture of a garden fairy that had been placed decoratively in one of the flowerbeds .
tr	NNS	Women and men lift broken houses , pulling out the living and the dead and the dying .
tr	NNS	In my head I examined all the possible outcomes of the situation .
tr	NNS	But some of it covers the basics like the different kinds of healers . "
tr	NNS	The male bared his fangs and issued a warning growl , alerting the pack .
tr	NNS	The ranch hands hastily put their dishes in the sink and retreated .
tr	NNS	Carter and Geoffrey consumed huge plates of burgers and fries in an effort to sober up some .
tr	NNS	" Have you told Cyrus ? "
tr	NN	Sasha lifted a curl from her shoulder and rubbed it between his fingers .
tr	NNS	Her eyes had been playing tricks , a product of one too many beers and a case of the jitters .
tr	NN	I dropped the cloth and announced , " After this , birth control all the way . "
tr	NNS	A guide gave us directions . "
tr	NNS	Americans have big noises about feminist politics , but here those politics have ruled for a long time .
tr	NNS	" I have the same fears .
tr	NN	Tabor parked his motorcycle next to a giant eucalyptus tree near the house and he and Sandal climbed off the bike in exact synchronization .
tr	NNS	Maybe give us a million dollars . "
tr	NN	Sarah reluctantly turned the ignition and pushed the button to lower the window .
tr	NN	With a high pitched shriek and a look of death in his eyes , he clutched his groin and slowly toppled over .
tr	NNS	Jason shook it , certain the courtesy was transmitting fleas .
tr	NN	He picked up the platter of fruit and cheese and tucked the two plates of flan on top .
tr	NN	I didn 't see a server or anything like a food bar .
tr	NN	She wore a fully structured ballroom gown cut to miniskirt length , a thousand beads around her neck and a flower in her hair .
tr	NN	In his sweaty hand he held a vial , half-filled with poison .
tr	NNS	Davidoff finally left the poor sausages alone and stared across the water at Fury , the last ship to come out before the Leviathan class .
tr	NNS	You took three points last night , fifth-year senior Seth Gordon bagged two , and your newest teammate scored two .
tr	NNS	" I , and my sister within you , have challenged the powers that be , so to speak .
tr	NNS	All the desks had chairs that faced towards the front .
tr	NN	" Just stay vigilant and be available to help out .
tr	NN	And the state she lived in legally saw the premarital acquisition of property as solely hers .
tr	NNS	" We have been monitoring the movements of the Captain and his alien vessel for some time now .
tr	NNS	You didn 't Turn the Sisters . "
tr	NNS	The least you can do is complete your homework assignments . "
tr	NN	The waitress brought the pizza and set it in the middle of the table .
tr	NN	They 'd passed a magistrate on their way to the pub .
tr	NN	He tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear .
tr	NNS	Hanna dug her fingernails into Mona 's arm .
tr	NN	One of the most powerful ancients alive , he forced her compliance without a qualm , holding her mind focused exactly where he wanted it .
tr	NN	He skipped the introduction and biographical notes and went straight for the letters themselves .
tr	NN	It wasn 't until she hung up her towel in the bathroom that she noticed the blood stain .
tr	NN	" David , " I began , wiping the ice cream from my mouth with a napkin , " I have a proposal . "
tr	NNS	By this time they themselves had their meals in front of them , and were being offered wine to go with it .
tr	NNS	The tires belched twin clouds of thick red dust into the dry air behind .
tr	NN	His body slid down its slick black hull , but his arm caught the edge like a hanger hook .
tr	NNS	The other two men were now leveling crossbows of their own .
tr	NN	I couldn 't put a memory tag on this one , however , so I let it go .
tr	NN	" This one can 't hold his liquor . "
tr	NN	" Who are you callin ' a colonial ? "
tr	NNS	But somehow I still feel an emptiness now that our relationship is over . "
tr	NNS	I have 5 teams of units near me with the electrical pulse weapons which will be sent to the conflict as needed .
tr	NNS	Andy had fashioned some makeshift torches that could be lit in an emergency , either for additional light or as a weapon .
tr	NN	Scott lifted the hem of his hoodie , revealing to Pepper his unusual belt , which was glowing an unearthly blue .
tr	NNS	I 'd used the knives more than once on my enemies , and they 'd never failed me .
tr	NN	" Do you feel any resistance ?
tr	NN	Brand climbs the hill and stands in front of me , a strange grin on his face .
tr	NNS	His presence alone works wonders for a wounded soul .
tr	NNS	The ones he was using his powers to Soothe away .
tr	NN	I peed and ran a comb through my hair and put on what I hoped was enough makeup to cover any bruising .
tr	NNS	At least he had unpacked his dishes .
tr	NNS	Gustav had logged eighteen trips and Anthony fifteen . "
tr	NN	I wonder what shampoo she uses .
tr	NNS	" Hmm ... " I mimicked her movements with my own sandpaper .
tr	NNS	I 'll get some pedals . '
tr	NN	Taking blood may cause vertigo .
tr	NNS	Like Leslie , I had family members from all over the country migrate to the Old Gray Barn for reunions .
tr	NN	He noticed my annoyance and nodded in a way of saying " sorry . "
tr	NNS	" Okay , let 's go , " I say fervently .
tr	NN	Frank and Alma Eriksson had a good creek bottom farm .
tr	NNS	And I did a few guest shots . "
tr	NNS	Can you name the nine items of vegetation in the first garden I pointed out to you ? "
tr	NN	On the very evening Troy had planned to ask Faith to marry him , Megan had miscarried her first pregnancy .
tr	NNS	We both draw demonic powers .
tr	NNS	Other demons have different abilities .
tr	NN	She unhooked the ribbon from her wrist and presented him with the red satin heart-shaped cushion .
tr	NNS	" Into various science figures from the past half-century .
tr	NN	Eva wanted every detail of the new scheme in the library .
tr	NN	You took responsibility for yourself and did what you needed to do in order to survive .
tr	NNS	The engine made ticking noises as the metal cooled down from the heat .
tr	NN	She felt a strange tingling , clenching sensation begin deep within her as Jonas withdrew himself almost completely and then surged back into her .
tr	NN	Out of the corner of his eye , Nick saw a man climb on top of a touring van parked on a side street .
tr	NNS	Cain stood so abruptly , his dogs scattered .
tr	NNS	Lads that age want condoms .
tr	NN	Agreed a smiling Haddington .
tr	NNS	Tristan takes a few more bites of his lasagna , then he stands and picks up our plates to walk them to the kitchen .
tr	NNS	" Get crews working on the hull and drive systems .
tr	NN	Abby 's mouth formed an " o " .
tr	NN	Hank picked up the bat and ripped a few practice swings .
tr	NN	He had felt its lure then , that was true , but he had resisted temptation .
tr	NN	Guilt didn 't make a soft pillow .
tr	NNS	I counted thirty buildings , total , twenty-five of which looked like people lived in them .
tr	NN	He still had his Jumping Sword , but he wasn 't sure what good it would do behind bars .
tr	NNS	Someone had lit the candles in her bedroom .
tr	NN	As I suspected , he didn 't want my temporary photo ID so when I got into my car , I placed it in my pocket .
tr	NNS	" Then can I borrow ten dollars ? "
tr	NN	How 'd she get the bicycle up in the air in the first place ?
tr	NN	I felt the color drain out of my face .
tr	NNS	They had heated arguments and fights in the college .
tr	NN	You have earned high respect within the village ? "
tr	NNS	They ordered their meals .
tr	NNS	" Open your thighs . "
tr	NN	" She doesn 't like anybody -- awful witch . "
tr	NNS	They would then combine their areas of expertise to make a difference , to help the people who couldn 't get help anywhere else .
tr	NNS	Kylie put Socks down so he could attack Del a. For some reason , the kitten loved her Donald Duck slippers .
tr	NNS	" So I have no objections . "
tr	NNS	Thinking about the question , he had noticed folks who otherwise came every Sunday lately hadn 't attended services .
tr	NNS	Neither understood the changes in Shawn 's life .
tr	NN	It had taken all his self-control to watch her strip for him and not touch her creamy skin .
tr	NNS	It took them several trips to get all their goods up to the top of the falls and to the end of the first portage .
tr	NN	I picked up a pillow and placed it in my lap .
tr	NNS	" Get your samples while you still can . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll give you what you want , sweet Savannah .
tr	NNS	The light glared off the front metal plates that lined the front of them .
tr	NN	I always forgive your selfish butt .
tr	NNS	Her favorite was seeing the newborn babies in the see-through plastic boxes .
tr	NNS	" Some of my special candy requires extremely odd ingredients .
tr	NN	Chapter 14 Richard located the helicopter two miles southeast of the old settlement .
tr	NN	He had set up a telltale warning net in the computer to alert him when ship damage reached a critical point .
tr	NN	I laugh and open the soda .
tr	NN	I lost consciousness from the pain .
tr	NN	She had one shoe on and a pair of shorts that showed legs that looked infected with chicken pox .
tr	NN	" Help us , " I asked the dragon .
tr	NN	I saw each tiny strand that had been tightly bound together to form this heavy , durable cloth .
tr	NNS	She 'd imagined Lifeless as skeletal creatures , the flesh rotting and falling from the bones .
tr	NN	You have a godlike physique ! "
tr	NNS	I saw the workers , struggling for footing against the steep slope , as they attached a stretcher to the winch .
tr	NNS	We 've taken some losses but we 've inflicted worse . "
tr	NNS	She forced several deep , painful breaths into the old lungs .
tr	NNS	Then we print those few pages out and give them to the representatives .
tr	NNS	The expression on Victor 's face mirrored my own doubts .
tr	NNS	" Nah , live dangerously and blow off the homework .
tr	NN	The Doc closed his briefcase and left .
tr	NN	She had such an immediate effect on him , but she didn 't seem to react to him at all .
tr	NNS	" I 've never met your uncle Seamus . "
tr	NNS	Duncan expected shots to rain down on him from above , but when he shot a quick look up at the guards , they hadn 't moved .
tr	NNS	But I hadn 't been using my powers - My gaze darted down .
tr	NN	Not to mention that waking up next to a stranger got old really quick .
tr	NNS	I 've been teaching middle school students since I graduated college . "
tr	NNS	She took several shallow breaths , then managed to speak again .
tr	NN	The chipmunk played no more heed and rushed up the trunk of a tree of the Mila Forest .
tr	NNS	His fangs elongated further , sharp points filling his mouth as he parted his lips on a groan .
tr	NNS	" A normal relationship usually means roses , candlelight dinners , puppies and kittens .
tr	NN	If he somehow finds out what we 've done , though , I 'm taking full responsibility . "
tr	NNS	" Did their families eventually settle down ? "
tr	NN	Just like the needle . "
tr	NNS	But before we go any farther , you should inform your allies of what it is , exactly , you intend to do afterward . "
tr	NNS	But when John was supposedly watching a film , he was racking his brains again .
tr	NN	She put her napkin over her mouth like it was the only way she could shut up .
tr	NNS	I ease closer , then grind my pelvis against his .
tr	NNS	Chapter 42 Veronica finished her closing activities , while Elizabeth sat at an outside table .
tr	NN	She had an urge to bundle Summer up and hustle her away somewhere , pack her in tissue paper , keep her safe .
tr	NN	I nod and watch the operation .
tr	NNS	" Hasn 't anyone got any more spells on them ? "
tr	NN	At that , she threw her comb at him .
tr	NN	He 's got a statue of an angel sitting on his .
tr	NNS	Finally , exhausted and disgruntled , Julia sat down on an old battered desk in the middle of a little cleared space amidst the aisles of junk .
tr	NNS	" We still exchange Christmas cards every year . "
tr	NN	If his father wasn 't going to teach it to him , he had no option other than to look elsewhere for a teacher .
tr	NN	I slammed my boot onto the giant 's instep again and again , and he finally wobbled , the tiniest bit off-balance .
tr	NN	Take advice from a guy who 's been there . "
tr	NNS	Sweat slicked my palms , making the steering wheel slippery as I drove .
tr	NN	Sofia put her fork down on her chilled plate adorned with chocolate shavings and drizzle .
tr	NNS	The start-up of the project cost 50 million dollars to build and 20 million dollars a year to run .
tr	NNS	Some people actually plan out processes and don 't always fly by the seat of their pants . "
tr	NN	" Maybe I can go and get the specimen after the call . "
tr	NN	" Ian offered Isabelle a fantastically lucrative signing package .
tr	NNS	He felt his fangs on his lower lips .
tr	NN	" Such a large collection .
tr	NN	He leapt over the growing crater and collided with his older , and yet strangely younger , brother .
tr	NNS	He calmed their fears by pointing out that there had never been a successful hijack yet .
tr	NNS	I can , to a small degree , predict her movements . "
tr	NN	Just when Alix was drifting back to sleep , she heard a loud moan , as if Laurel was in horrible pain .
tr	NNS	They left their pets behind .
tr	NNS	Serena rubs her temples .
tr	NNS	Don 't mind changes in diet or environment .
tr	NN	We left the restroom and I was surprised to see Dave wasn 't alone : Jared was with him .
tr	NNS	The monsters had regained their wits and were running after us .
tr	NN	' Why do you ruin a good fish ?
tr	NN	" I 'm putting my faith in you .
tr	NN	she greeted the teller , who knew her .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples again .
tr	NNS	You must forgive our methods but like you we are wary of those we encounter .
tr	NN	Keith looked around the aircraft and gave the thumbs up as he pulled the ropes holding the chocks in place .
tr	NN	I could feel my sanity slipping away like blood from an open vein .
tr	NNS	They didn 't just build houses or even large buildings .
tr	NN	Perhaps it will show the painting to Beatrix , a gift from her secret twin .
tr	NN	No brush or paint will ever show the hero that you are .
tr	NNS	When Kerrie finished nursing , Summer swapped babies with him .
tr	NNS	They were locked together , two ambitious talents who each had need of the other .
tr	NNS	Secretly , I regarded his skills with awe and loved the many facets of his personality .
tr	NN	I heard a disgruntled , " What the fuck , man ? "
tr	NN	I 've got some equipment that needs working on . "
tr	NNS	He exceeded all plausible expectations of landings , putting us just nine meters from the target .
tr	NN	I didn 't have a cache of faith big enough for that .
tr	NN	The whole affair set off an earthquake .
tr	NN	The interior of my car magnified his command .
tr	NN	Seth gives me a gentle pat on the back .
tr	NNS	She took some deep breaths and tried to think rationally .
tr	NNS	I make no judgments or opinions .
tr	NNS	She kept up her strokes , close to orgasm already .
tr	NNS	" Check his credentials . "
tr	NNS	The agents were all over the White House the next morning diligently cleaning the carpets and window treatments .
tr	NNS	He spotted some ships moving up and down the coast .
tr	NN	I enabled its corruption .
tr	NN	In no time , we reached the baggage claim .
tr	NNS	In the Highlands , sons waiting to inherit have no special titles or positions .
tr	NN	Lost in thought and memories , he didn 't hear the crunch of leaves until she was a few paces away .
tr	NN	Everyone but Damon made some gesture of embarrassment .
tr	NN	I buried my strange new hunger in order to answer him .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , for the first couple of years the crops didn 't meet their expectations .
tr	NN	Violet lobbed a handful of bubbles .
tr	NNS	A long , low crate floated ten yards off , slowly spinning in an eddy , offering some shelter .
tr	NN	If you are hiding something , you could well cause a national disaster .
tr	NNS	" You 've got a hostile vampire hunting innocents in the city . "
tr	NN	After withdrawing the proper tools , I used a mini wire cutter to rearrange the ID pad , then inserted a new control chip .
tr	NN	The rich wore paper jewelry , and the poor bought tiny diamonds .
tr	NN	He let the crystal spin in his hand , but it never stopped and never lit up .
tr	NNS	Lorraine made excuses for me when they came over the bridge to see me and I was dead drunk in the guest room at her place .
tr	NN	We 've stopped the bleeding . "
tr	NN	Willow followed the Fairy down the small path of the cave and then was wrapped in sunlight .
tr	NNS	Normally they shut down their hearts and lungs during daylight hours , sparing themselves the terrible knowledge of their helplessness and vulnerability to enemies .
tr	NNS	We take only rich clients - corporations , banks and wealthy people who pay our healthy fees and never complain .
tr	NN	But it all just runs down the drain .
tr	NN	She opened the e-mail and squinted at the words .
tr	NN	I have a reputation to uphold . "
tr	NNS	" You might also see some billowing drapes . "
tr	NNS	Charles rinsed his dishes at the sink .
tr	NNS	" So we have six victims . "
tr	NN	Feeling foolish and relieved , she grabbed her handbag and got out of the car .
tr	NNS	Thad returned scowl for scowl to the giant .
tr	NN	Did I repeat the code and follow her in or did I wait for her to come out ?
tr	NNS	Deal with the problem , not yer blasted notions of what might happen . "
tr	NNS	Celaena pushed back the covers .
tr	NN	He wanted a grandchild desperately , and Gwen is such a dear .
tr	NN	He had a red baseball cap on backwards and an LA Galaxy shirt that hung near his knees .
tr	NNS	Separate her fingerprints so nothing goes out but his .
tr	NN	I lock the door behind us , then push the dresser completely over the entry and give a mock smile .
tr	NN	He wears a velvet riding coat with a scarf sparsely covering his sinewy muscles .
tr	NNS	I brought the candles they requested and hoped the spirits didn 't mind the scent of vanilla bean .
tr	NNS	They were sending two teams .
tr	NNS	Still , the essay had brought up good points .
tr	NNS	Rina rubbed her temples .
tr	NN	The car started its descent , and anxiety rolled through her .
tr	NNS	Didn 't FBI men drive SUVs and believe in wire tapping , necessary force , and the innate beauty of the good old U.S. of A. ?
tr	NNS	" I have good instincts . "
tr	NN	I searched my backpack , but didn 't see my computer .
tr	NNS	I blink my eyelashes , seeing brightness then darkness .
tr	NN	She straightened her spine and squeezed her hands together until they tingled .
tr	NN	He was scowling and raising his knuckles to knock again as we closed the door .
tr	NN	Toni had taken total possession of Ashley .
tr	NN	Rosa snatched a towel and wiped her hands .
tr	NN	I crumble up the thin magazine and throw it at the glowing television .
tr	NN	He hadn 't used a condom , and she hadn 't mentioned birth control either .
tr	NN	She gingerly smiled her forgiveness .
tr	NNS	You know , they really do have white coats . "
tr	NNS	" I don 't want your apologies . "
tr	NNS	At first light he would be out on foot checking the cattle .
tr	NN	Everyone started murmuring , gossip spreading like a forest fire on a dry , hot summer day .
tr	NNS	You can 't spend three centuries mourning .
tr	NN	They slid open diagonally , disappearing into the wall .
tr	NNS	Halfway down the pier we each dropped coins in a bowl held by a man in a wheelchair .
tr	NNS	Since there are three of you , I will give you three chances to find that thief inside the Board , to apprehend and name him .
tr	NNS	Just call up the hotels and ask for him .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't have any connections at all to this reserve .
tr	NNS	She was being paid twelve dollars an hour , cash , and was agreeable to almost anything .
tr	NNS	The box contained a dozen exotic roses .
tr	NNS	All six men debated the various issues .
tr	NNS	They have since raised two sons and even adopted one of his brother 's sons .
tr	NNS	" Give me any two numbers and I can give you their value in addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division . "
tr	NNS	' I don 't see any knots in these . '
tr	NN	You have the Sight ? "
tr	NNS	The waitress brought us our beers and set them on the table beside Bob 's fedora .
tr	NNS	Aram had led the imperial vessels on an epic chase .
tr	NN	" Once they were conducting a standard experiment on how long can a person answer questions under slight electric shocks .
tr	NN	Could have used some paint here and there , and the cast-iron chairs needed a coat , too .
tr	NN	Kylie got the crazy sensation she 'd been listening in on the conversation .
tr	NNS	She had complications and was hospitalized .
tr	NN	Still , it deserved a glare .
tr	NNS	Even though she was still shaking from her fatigue and the pain radiating up her leg , she shuddered backwards .
tr	NN	She hurried down the back staircase and opened the door to the cool October morning .
tr	NN	We can use the light cavalry as support .
tr	NNS	I could feel the stiffness in the crowd .
tr	NNS	" I have the numbers , yes , but the identification is blocked .
tr	NNS	Not many kids have diamond chandeliers in their dollhouses . "
tr	NNS	Provided I gave him some figures before he started drafting his next batch of budgets .
tr	NN	" Because you 've discovered a possibility that I missed .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples , hoping to relieve the tension headache building behind his eyes .
tr	NNS	She used her talents to create a large number of what she called her clockwork curiosities .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want peaches .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any cards . "
tr	NN	We 'll have a little celebration after dinner .
tr	NNS	Most of the men are wearing colourful uniforms , mainly red .
tr	NN	Archer watched the pedal twirl for a minute and then looked at her .
tr	NN	Brick hadn 't found the same joy in the news .
tr	NNS	That 's Kurt and Bernie , they 're keeping tabs on Marty , just as a precaution .
tr	NNS	" I just paid you a million dollars ! "
tr	NNS	She dealt the cards easily , but not nearly as efficiently as he had done .
tr	NNS	Throw the balls now ! "
tr	NN	He tucked my quilt in around me , and then held me close .
tr	NNS	" She had snakes for eyes .
tr	NNS	He leaned even closer , placing both hands on either side of the chair until his face was so near , he could hear her shallow breaths .
tr	NN	" It probably costs a fortune to get a car boot removed .
tr	NNS	I 've got other priorities . "
tr	NNS	I took two pairs of latex gloves from my gear bag and gave one to Ed .
tr	NN	Nothing for anyone to do.And you 'd still make a fortune .
tr	NNS	When he made that decision , he alone put the wheels in motion that ultimately led to his death .
tr	NNS	He never makes snap judgments , so I let him take his time to come to his own conclusion about my little hideaway from the world .
tr	NN	Years of only scant lighting caused continued discomfort even after she opened her eyes .
tr	NNS	Giles turned pages in his book , already moving to the next option .
tr	NNS	Men get all sorts of weird when they decide to pop the question .
tr	NNS	The fact that we have no desire to use it speaks volumes .
tr	NN	She valued her privacy .
tr	NN	I never heard another footstep or sound other than ours , but I had no doubt that we were being hunted .
tr	NNS	From the bus station we walked the ten blocks to the location where Marcus Grey and Willow had stopped .
tr	NNS	Sink two ships with the one torpedo .
tr	NN	When they arrived , they found the new establishment cool and very beautiful .
tr	NNS	Claire didn 't think the powers that be in Morganville would take especially well to guerrilla film-making , and she wondered if anybody had told Oliver .
tr	NN	The bushes formed an archway that we had to duck under to miss taking a bunch of thorns to our faces .
tr	NN	That left the southern quarter , and I was at least five miles away from that .
tr	NNS	The babydoll pushed my breasts up until I had some very sexy cleavage and the silk fabric draped nicely down to the top of my thighs .
tr	NN	One of the servants filled a bath and took away her filthy clothes .
tr	NN	As soon as that was done , Shinichi and Zuko ceased their bickering immediately .
tr	NNS	" Annoyed I dropped politics . "
tr	NN	Two year old Lora was rhythmically bouncing off his left thigh and Maryellen 's right thigh hypnotically repeating , " Mommy !
tr	NN	Satisfied that he 'd seen enough for the moment , he caught the Black Wind and rode to the Keep .
tr	NN	She laughed the sound sparkled with delight like a baby 's cooing .
tr	NN	And who better to inflict a little justice on them than her ?
tr	NN	Bruce lowered the magazine and shook his head .
tr	NNS	Normal circumstances , however , did not generally include the ghosts of British teenagers and magical buzzing rocks .
tr	NNS	" Shuffle the cards .
tr	NN	In return the resident ants protect the plant , stinging any animal that tries to eat the leaves .
tr	NNS	You know his strengths .
tr	NN	She had an irrepressible urge to get closer , to join in the celebration .
tr	NN	Didn 't see anybody .
tr	NNS	Darken , dressed in his finest battle armor looked over the vast open breeding pits and smiled to himself as visions of conquest filled his mind .
tr	NNS	" It takes more than just physicians to run this facility efficiently . "
tr	NNS	Chloe giggled and moved to his wrists , her face only inches from his .
tr	NNS	When he got here he was always having nightmares and he was terrified of everything .
tr	NNS	' Moving floors ? '
tr	NNS	What better way to dispose of the unruly than to have them dispatched by you , yes I see from your expression this surprises you ?
tr	NN	Blow Torch gazed down the staircase as Jake peered back around a corner of the rock .
tr	NNS	Play devils and demons for a weekend .
tr	NNS	Before she knew what was happening , he 'd reversed their positions and he was the one kneeling between her legs .
tr	NNS	Rips in the woman 's dress and the man 's shirt held the stains of blood .
tr	NNS	" Our five senses pick up changes which we process through filters of belief systems , values , unconscious programs and more .
tr	NN	Anna immediately felt a blast of cold air as they spun through the panels .
tr	NNS	I have my doubts , but yeah , I 'm still here , so I guess that means there 's something wrong with me .
tr	NNS	A row of chain link fences , some more crooked than others , framed the yards , abutting crumbling retaining walls .
tr	NN	Alec 's eyes quickly found the culprit .
tr	NN	He could feel her devotion , her desperation , her craving ; he could feel her need , her want , her love .
tr	NNS	He navigated the waters in the dark with a sense of supreme confidence .
tr	NN	Rupert was given command of his 1,000 veteran cavalry , while Wilmot was put in command of the 1,500 cavalier nobles on the other wing .
tr	NN	Chills raced up James 's spine as a high-pitched feminine voice gave a message in tongues .
tr	NN	With a wild whoop of abandonment , I give chase .
tr	NN	" Seth , come the fuck on !
tr	NN	He didn 't want pity .
tr	NNS	" You write your own lyrics ? "
tr	NN	We approach the sofa .
tr	NN	His arms gave me a squeeze .
tr	NNS	* * * He had bigger issues to deal with than the wounded pride of a fellow attorney .
tr	NNS	He must be working some powerful spells , including ones to help him resist iron . "
tr	NN	Maybe we should have pizza on standby , just in case . "
tr	NN	Collin exited the café and paused near the elevators .
tr	NN	He made a sweeping gesture with his hands .
tr	NNS	But he was not taking any new patients .
tr	NN	She opened the refrigerator and took out a tall pitcher of iced tea .
tr	NN	" Was there a fundraiser or somewhere your father was giving a speech ? "
tr	NNS	When he finally spoke it felt like an arctic wind blasting her , freezing her insides with this antipathy that kept spiking out of nowhere .
tr	NN	Iona crested the ridge at the top of the canyon and kept going .
tr	NN	Suddenly I felt something warm wrap around me and I spun around to see Joel standing there .
tr	NNS	But I can 't take any chances .
tr	NNS	Sometimes I forget my own powers . "
tr	NNS	I 'd discovered all sorts of buttons I could push to make him feel vulnerable and keep him off my ass for the rest of the week .
tr	NN	" I have the urge to destroy this , but I 'm hoping it will bring somebody right to me , instead .
tr	NNS	I slipped the blades into my belt .
tr	NNS	Do not make excuses for your misguided actions . "
tr	NN	He 'd used a small bribe , but he didn 't give himself away .
tr	NNS	" But , you have seven satisfied clients . "
tr	NNS	She could , however , find petite suits and have them altered to fit .
tr	NN	No one had given him that option .
tr	NNS	Everyone had dragged their large green trash cans to the curb , and the air smelled like rotting vegetables and dirty diapers .
tr	NNS	He 'd begun the chain reactions of destructive entropy that would leave the place as nothing but sand within minutes .
tr	NNS	" Dear gods , oh my dear gods . "
tr	NNS	They came at each other again and again , neither one able to gain the advantage , instinctive snarls erupting constantly .
tr	NNS	Susan tucked the hourglass back into her robe and shook out her hair .
tr	NNS	" No chance , we 'd cut our already slim chances in half . "
tr	NN	A chill ran up my spine and I broke into a run .
tr	NN	An older woman behind me bumps my butt with her bag .
tr	NN	They had a barter economy and were largely self-sufficient , so they had no real interest in trade with other nations .
tr	NN	It was like craving a doughnut and getting french fries .
tr	NNS	It 'll kill millions of people , ruin the planet 's ecosystems , destroy livelihoods , and generally throw everything into chaos . "
tr	NN	The room is painted all chrome , very much like the building that Henry took me to where I first met Connie .
tr	NN	The idiot had just given away the element of surprise , which was pretty much all they 'd had going for them .
tr	NNS	He had read three more diaries , and those were worse than Amelia Wicker 's records .
tr	NNS	She barely used her utensils as she shoveled the meat into her mouth .
tr	NN	It must always have priority - after the bar exam , of course .
tr	NNS	They 're taking a few items out of each order and I don 't think many of our clients have noticed .
tr	NNS	The look in his eyes was of a wolf explaining the finer points of cooking to a sheep .
tr	NN	Handing them the belief they had the upper hand Sid peered into the darkness and called out .
tr	NNS	I lowered all my defenses and let my body relax .
tr	NN	And she had a very vivid imagination .
tr	NN	The white against the dark brought out her natural honey highlights and the perfect creamy complexion I 'd become so obsessed with .
tr	NNS	" She leaves marks on every boy she meets .
tr	NNS	She nods and makes noises as though she understands ; but I 'm not sure she does -- which might be for the best . '
tr	NN	" I brought my friend Amelia .
tr	NN	Henry dropped the crowbar and staggered back .
tr	NN	I want the whole package . "
tr	NN	They had already eaten a marvellous slice of Beef Wellington served warm with a beetroot puree .
tr	NNS	And they will use innocents .
tr	NN	Claire picked up her backpack .
tr	NNS	I showed them the very few surviving photographs of my mom that I had , and we shared in the grief .
tr	NNS	Wade pulled his goggles and snorkel on , and stepped back into the open hatch .
tr	NNS	His fingers were caressing her thighs underneath the towel .
tr	NNS	Few of us conceive females , and those that do rarely carry them to full term .
tr	NN	The bullet nicked her right kidney .
tr	NN	" My Daddy wouldn 't mean no harm and I 'm sure ?
tr	NNS	She was thawing venison steaks in the microwave and stoking the wood burning stove .
tr	NNS	And I 've seen several dogs , cats , squirrels , etc. . .
tr	NNS	I took two short , steadying breaths .
tr	NN	But you still want a peek at the data .
tr	NNS	They had titles like Poems of the First Age , Great Tales and A Girl & Her Monster .
tr	NN	A sharp pain hit his groin , and he sat on the edge of the bed .
tr	NNS	In the 1880s , Pasteur devised methods of immunizing people against diseases by deliberately treating them with weakened forms of the disease-causing organisms themselves .
tr	NN	Robert made a rude gesture .
tr	NN	When the doors reopened , he wrestled the cart out and tested the limits of courtesy as he hurried past guests in the lobby .
tr	NN	Lydia saw Margie 's back stiffen and immediately wished she hadn 't said that .
tr	NNS	Dante used his powers to shield the sounds from escaping the room as he kissed his way down her body to where his hand played .
tr	NNS	She had no errands to run , nowhere she needed to be .
tr	NN	He had a moustache and he wasn 't bald , well he could be , he was wearing a cap , and spectacles .
tr	NNS	As they drew away , the four lines grew ephemeral , indistinct from the garbage spirals that float upon the eye .
tr	NN	She resumed pacing for another ten minutes .
tr	NN	But apparently she 's not going to college , at least not this semester .
tr	NN	I pledge my loyalty to them through our blood bond . "
tr	NNS	I did have powers , but I couldn 't control them .
tr	NN	The girl they 've got playing third base has poor range .
tr	NN	In obvious ecstasy , she produced a needle and vial .
tr	NN	Did you get your closure ? '
tr	NN	I left out the detail that Cohen and I had been sleeping in the same bed for over a week now .
tr	NNS	When I went to bed earlier , I heard the typical night noises from the nocturnal animals in the trees and the insects making their usual sounds .
tr	NNS	" You greatly underrate the powers to transmute and levitate .
tr	NN	" But that was years ago , " Iris inspected a cabbage and indicated for the farmer to stack the crates by the shop door .
tr	NNS	Had that been so , I would have chosen my own gowns long ago . "
tr	NNS	The man appeared clueless while the dog held its nose in the air .
tr	NNS	Michael paused , the coffee cup inches from his mouth .
tr	NNS	The dumb little bitch had the hots for Quarrel , that much was obvious .
tr	NNS	Save some bloodless from some sort of fire ?
tr	NNS	" Two dollars . "
tr	NN	Then , with a flick of his fingers , he undid the front clasp of her bra .
tr	NNS	As a master of the earth and its contents , Dorian could infuse copper and sometimes bronze blades with magical heat .
tr	NN	With great fear and caution , Abby slowly maneuvered the jeep through the early-morning traffic in the shopping district .
tr	NN	I released my Spirit again and bombarded her with positive energy .
tr	NN	Each day the Sun has a new personality .
tr	NNS	His eyes scanned the pages .
tr	NN	He had planted one further seed this evening .
tr	NNS	Frantically , my gaze scanned the shelves , looking for the normal chocolate Pop-Tarts , but all I saw were the sugar and fat-free variety .
tr	NNS	Saira cradled the limp remains of his father in her hands , tears streaming down her face .
tr	NN	He felt himself warming to her , and even picked up some signs she might reciprocate the attraction .
tr	NN	Nick had kept vigil through the night , moving from Maxi to Cameron to Randolph and Felicity and back again .
tr	NN	Jael asks nobody in particular .
tr	NN	She was wearing a scowl and it was so not attractive and Azalea could already tell Casey wasn 't gon na like her .
tr	NNS	She considered her surroundings .
tr	NNS	I grabbed two cans of Coke out of the fridge and turned .
tr	NNS	He tied two knots in the longer one and a single , more complex knot at the end of the shorter .
tr	NNS	He was lying on his side with a deep gash a few inches above his right knee .
tr	NNS	I 'll ask her servants . "
tr	NN	I felt the tremble in her legs subside .
tr	NN	She lifted the receiver and pressed the Message button on the phone .
tr	NN	Life lost all its joy and the burdens of being CEO snuffed out the last of his hopeful dreams .
tr	NN	He 'd only ignored the urge .
tr	NN	" You ain 't seen nothin ' yet . "
tr	NN	" I can 't reach the ignition or the buttons on the radio . "
tr	NN	Instead , her new position pushed her backside even more intimately against Marcus , and she felt him swell to even greater life against her .
tr	NN	They were approaching the farmhouse now .
tr	NN	Wear your uniform and bring your tool bag . "
tr	NNS	Just Los Angeles and a few surrounding areas .
tr	NN	It would do more harm than good . "
tr	NN	I don 't give a crap .
tr	NN	Her father gave her a pat on the shoulder .
tr	NNS	We got reports in the early afternoon of yet another US school shooting .
tr	NNS	In truth I loathe antique stores .
tr	NN	Once more , Balthazar smashed his crowbar into Redgrave , this time into the side of his head .
tr	NNS	Ecstasy flooded my senses as his finger probed the heat between my legs until they finally slid inside the tight , wet passage .
tr	NN	I had a sudden weird certainty that Natalie wouldn 't be there .
tr	NN	And then , I want a warm , willing wench in my arms for the rest of the night .
tr	NN	She leaned her hip against the counter , where bread was laid out next to a large bowl of what clearly looked and smelled like tuna salad .
tr	NNS	Courtney paid him ten dollars a week and appreciated not having to take the bus .
tr	NN	He stroked his beard .
tr	NNS	" But until the investigation is over we shouldn 't make any changes . "
tr	NNS	That blank check he 'd managed to get from Pops spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Glancing up , Jason noticed the clock .
tr	NNS	He tugged out the folded pamphlets guaranteed to make more than her hand tremble .
tr	NN	Then and only then will we have done our duty as Belgians . "
tr	NNS	When he reached Aeron , the man had already unsheathed two blades .
tr	NNS	Needing to look older they wore suits , Johnny having paid pennies for one from Oxfam .
tr	NN	The police had a suspect , but he was an all-star on a prestigious , winning football team .
tr	NNS	Children ran up and down the aisles and the noise of overly loud conversations bounced around the open beamed hall .
tr	NN	Rachel kicked a chunk of concrete ahead with the toe of her boot .
tr	NNS	" As I 'm sure you 've noticed , I have some targets set up around here .
tr	NN	" Wake up , honey .
tr	NNS	Others waved their spears and clashed the shafts against their shields .
tr	NN	A few of the Salvation boys studied Stalker from a distance , trying to copy his walk .
tr	NNS	Running up the bleachers and back twenty times , and no TV or telephone .
tr	NNS	In the dimness , she could only see the broad strokes of his expression , but it looked like a yikes .
tr	NNS	Original grand total , back in the day , twenty-one million dollars .
tr	NN	He was taking the measure of Reuben .
tr	NN	And yet when his eyes met hers for the briefest of moments , Isabella saw the mortification there .
tr	NNS	Ask the ships ! "
tr	NN	He stuck a new clip into his sidearm and holstered it .
tr	NNS	One A10 can strike two hundred targets per second with a range of three thousand metres .
tr	NN	Let his light sweep over the grass .
tr	NN	She laid facedown on the ground and dug her fingernails deep into the dirt .
tr	NN	Celia let out a frustrated groan as she reached for the switch on the wall .
tr	NNS	The maids carried trays of bread , cheese , berries and fruit , and a jug of wine .
tr	NNS	" They all had early stage plague . "
tr	NN	" I lost my fiance in the Vietnam War .
tr	NNS	She encountered several extensive layers of coal , but they weren 't exactly where she wanted them .
tr	NNS	I 've got dream disorder issues , too , and they make stable , long-term relationships very difficult .
tr	NN	They have no organization !
tr	NNS	She was wearing thin slippers , and she felt every pebble and crack in the rocks .
tr	NN	Hope you liked the lump of coal .
tr	NNS	Giles turned the pages in his book and delivered a brief history lesson .
tr	NNS	Long fingers with sharp nails penetrated his temples and sank deep into his head behind the eyes .
tr	NN	She pulled out an iPod , careful to keep it rubbed warm .
tr	NNS	You don 't do weddings every week like we do all year long ; you don 't know the rocky roads to the altar . '
tr	NN	I felt my lips curl into a smile , thinking to raise my hand when she looked my way .
tr	NNS	The girls grabbed their coats and began to filter out .
tr	NNS	He could see statues forged from a material that held mysterious of their own .
tr	NN	She doesn 't need a vote on the council to make her influence felt .
tr	NN	" Dante was Italian , " he then said , remembering , his expectant demeanor changing slightly when she shrugged her shoulders with ambivalence .
tr	NNS	He probably saw torches they brought to use in their ritual . "
tr	NN	Anakin tapped a vial of clear liquid .
tr	NN	" I beg pardon , Sir Lorenzo . "
tr	NN	Swiftly she shed her gown and slid into the decidedly warmer garments .
tr	NNS	" And you have a few other attributes I find appealing . "
tr	NN	But by then we may have developed a better scale . "
tr	NNS	The lab building stood across the desert a hundred yards to our right .
tr	NN	His smile made her heart flutter frantically .
tr	NNS	" I can just picture your dad wearing nothin ' but one of them fluffy diapers , with a big bow and arrow . "
tr	NNS	Being marooned has its good points .
tr	NNS	Grain co-ops are hoarding their supplies .
tr	NNS	" We only use natural fibers , and no dye .
tr	NN	He moved my index and middle finger into the bending grooves that start off the fork .
tr	NN	Maybe they 'd lost faith in him long before he 'd had the chance to prove anything .
tr	NNS	They had seen supplies and fighting men being dispatched .
tr	NNS	Smoke crawled over the artificial clouds , and set off the fire alarms .
tr	NN	' I don 't need that attitude from you at this time in the morning , Ryan .
tr	NN	But he 'd never given a demonstration of software in his life .
tr	NNS	Why is the ship reducing our food supplies ?
tr	NN	I saw refusal come into her eyes , but then it disappeared and she nodded .
tr	NN	As his body grew smaller to her , Saira contemplated the possibility of being widowed yet a seventh time .
tr	NNS	I opened beers for both of us .
tr	NN	When three of them show up you probably need a lawyer .
tr	NNS	" No one has changed the settings since the attack . "
tr	NN	" Here comes a candle to light you to bed , And here comes a chopper to chop off your head ! "
tr	NN	Legolas gave a great shout and shot an arrow high into the air : it vanished in a flash of flame .
tr	NN	She made no objection , just let him remove the boots and set them aside so she could draw her knees up .
tr	NN	He got the impression she didn 't really like Millie .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , postponing the confrontation with Valerie Shipley was not going to improve matters .
tr	NN	So far , Solange had not experienced any discomfort and neither had her cat .
tr	NNS	I added up the dollar figures , then pointed them out to Shelly .
tr	NN	The damn media actually did me a favor when they outed me .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , it kept the chances of running into the infected freaks down a few notches .
tr	NNS	The others removed their helmets , set them on the deck .
tr	NN	She folded her towel and put it back on the rail .
tr	NN	She could not allow her distaste for the man to show .
tr	NNS	He listed benefits such as discipline , self-respect , and knowing how to defend myself .
tr	NNS	They held glass lamps in their hands .
tr	NNS	I aint pain ya to run a social club , ' he shouted , his voice was coarse and guttural .
tr	NN	' Then I 've no objection .
tr	NN	My wolf roared her displeasure right back at me , sending huge currents of adrenaline washing through our system to fortify us .
tr	NNS	He created icy polar bears and penguins , and illusions of ballerinas and clowns .
tr	NNS	He tore the wrappers to more stuff , but I didn 't dare to look .
tr	NNS	She felt dizzy with desire .
tr	NN	I swallow the lump in my throat .
tr	NN	" Shut that gate , " he said , voice shrill and wavering .
tr	NNS	And I 've got the dogs .
tr	NNS	Maybe we can see some dolphins .
tr	NN	Banks does not retrieve his briefcase .
tr	NNS	Then , after the first concert season , he began serious attempts to convince her to perform one of his pieces . "
tr	NNS	He had eight size C batteries in the bottom of his emergency kit .
tr	NN	Jenny gave him a mock glare and leaned against him .
tr	NNS	The monks in the monastery are not growing their vegetables with earth , water and sunshine .
tr	NNS	" Starting price one thousand five hundred dollars . "
tr	NNS	I racked my brains thinking of a plan .
tr	NNS	Another minute more and he would be saying the prayers of gratitude as he lifted the clear water from its natural source .
tr	NN	I had used Aunt Syl 's lace table cloth and her grandmother 's china and silver .
tr	NNS	Before Susan could respond , the server brought John and Brandon their beers .
tr	NN	I love ice cream .
tr	NNS	Leave marks that only those of the Forest will see . "
tr	NN	He collected his leech jar and headed toward the door .
tr	NN	Pushing away from the window , she resisted the urge to text or call him .
tr	NNS	On the ski slope , a long line of skiers were carrying burning torches and skiing in a single line down the mountain .
tr	NN	" That does not excuse your responsibility in the matter .
tr	NN	Magnus was contemplating his own dark fate .
tr	NN	I need his protection .
tr	NNS	Liam produced two silver hair clips in the shape of butterflies and had her put them on .
tr	NN	" I want a lawyer . "
tr	NN	He preferred this lighter , warm version of Liza .
tr	NN	She is supporting his spine with her hands .
tr	NN	That thought sent an odd sensation through her .
tr	NNS	JD had written bullet points in a neat block print .
tr	NNS	" And I love you , " she replied fervently .
tr	NNS	" More than forty cigarettes a day ? "
tr	NNS	You can then transfer the funds into his account .
tr	NN	Michael shot an accusing glare at Jared .
tr	NNS	It took some adjustments with the seat and some colorful cursing from Suzy , but they were finally in the car and heading towards his new home .
tr	NN	They were given status with the immortals , though unlike gods , they did age .
tr	NN	She understood Brimstone 's fury now .
tr	NN	" You 're considering filing for full custody of the boys ? "
tr	NN	Madeline pulled up her off-the-shoulder blouse so that it wasn 't showing half her bra .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't get the priests to do more than roll their eyes at her .
tr	NN	" Because you are my love , and my life , and my fate . "
tr	NNS	He reexamined his surroundings , searching for a possible weakness in the barrier .
tr	NNS	But my parents have supplies at my house . "
tr	NN	" Not even a possibility . "
tr	NNS	So Brielle Storm inspected her fingernails , tapped her foot , and waited for the show to begin with all the coolness she could muster .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't summoned ghosts and then called me a freak .
tr	NNS	After turning off the stove , he carried both plates to the table .
tr	NN	Max had spared no cost on this journey .
tr	NNS	In the institution , I was given drugs . "
tr	NN	She had some real talent , don 't get me wrong , but what she lacked was not ability , but judgment .
tr	NN	" May I recite the lesson I learned today ? "
tr	NN	Turns out he had had an argument with his partner and had driven off in a blind rage after smacking her around a bit .
tr	NNS	A knock on the front door raised the hairs along the nape of my neck .
tr	NN	" You got a claim on her ? "
tr	NNS	" Grab all the supplies . "
tr	NN	I don 't remember the funeral very well except , smiling faces and black everywhere .
tr	NNS	" Because men cannot surpass the gods .
tr	NNS	He fed the dogs , let them in or out of their pen , watered or weeded his garden , performed small maintenance chores .
tr	NN	Calling Eleanor Channing , Elly , was considered a mortal sin right up there with providing her with the wrong coffee .
tr	NNS	Maybe I sent signals and did not follow through on them .
tr	NNS	When he and Andrew first set up their practice , they both purchased houses in their old neighborhood .
tr	NN	He had bad timing with joining and investing in the launch of a rather exclusive new firm just at the start of the big recession .
tr	NNS	As a result , we built several holding facilities that we put them in after I stripped them of their powers with a little spell .
tr	NNS	" What , are they firing fart bombs at us now ? "
tr	NNS	I suddenly saw the dogs .
tr	NN	Because he had known the depth of his rage .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't destroy Cammie 's illusions .
tr	NNS	He sat down the plates and then placed a platter of delicious smelling bread between us and said , " Can I get you anything else ? "
tr	NNS	He stacked the dishes in the sink , filled it with soapy water , and left to pack his clothes .
tr	NNS	They filled the backpacks carefully , only taking up about one fourth of the space .
tr	NN	Yet he had offered her no harm .
tr	NN	His body was honed and lethal A perfect specimen of male beauty .
tr	NNS	' I can follow their tracks , but not if you obliterate them first . '
tr	NN	He tossed a pillow down on the homemade bed and made his way over to me .
tr	NN	Gina could easily gain a reputation if Mrs Haines got the wrong idea about her being in a class alone with Guy .
tr	NNS	This cavern gave them the creeps .
tr	NNS	Dropping to my knees , I coughed up my toenails on the nicely manicured lawn outside .
tr	NN	The moment she extinguished her pewter , however , she 'd feel the exhaustion in force .
tr	NN	Each guard carried a heavy rifle and had it trained on the elevator .
tr	NNS	Her own hands were fisted into tight , tension filled balls , pressing against his biceps as if she were afraid to touch him .
tr	NNS	He held out coins to catch the light of the sun .
tr	NNS	After waiting about ten minutes , he grabbed the roses and got out of the car .
tr	NN	Her last words caused a pang in his chest .
tr	NN	Maybe I can rig your video to play on the TV so you 'll have a bigger screen . "
tr	NNS	Styx gave a low hiss .
tr	NNS	007 's skin has many more sensors than my suit .
tr	NN	Silver hair produced a halo around his head ; his green eyes sparkled like emeralds .
tr	NNS	This galaxy has nine planets consisting of Agri , Sahara , Commerce , Bio , Resort , Tech , Ice , Uni , and Bonita .
tr	NN	She was wearing a strapless satin gown , very low cut , and very well fitted .
tr	NNS	They walked past several aisles filled with crates , until they reached a container named with the Thai champagne brand that Money Fact mentioned .
tr	NN	I could have placed compulsion , but without a doubt , there was back-up for Tony somewhere .
tr	NNS	She would give him fine sons and daughters .
tr	NNS	Perhaps she knew all the spells by heart .
tr	NN	One of the figures made a gesture and said , " Come . "
tr	NNS	They had uniforms and guns and they looked the part , though .
tr	NNS	Mito walked a few paces , then nodded .
tr	NNS	She 'd had texts from Nina .
tr	NNS	Simon has contacts and money the rest of us don 't . "
tr	NNS	I scanned the titles and synopses , trying to pay attention to something other than Rigel leaving the room with Trina .
tr	NN	I didn 't really get Bo 's objection to Grace and me as a couple .
tr	NN	" Then borrow a lesson from Twitch and keep your head down . "
tr	NNS	At its peak she had terrible visions of being drowned or being locked in that tower for ever .
tr	NNS	He lifted me slightly , his hardness grinding against my mound .
tr	NN	She couldn 't blame the long-sleeved gown for making her feel overheated .
tr	NN	He wiped a trickle of golden blood from beneath his nose .
tr	NNS	He had heard sketchy reports that the LBL forces were preparing for something big , possibly an offensive .
tr	NNS	At the bottom of the box she found two frying pans and a toaster .
tr	NNS	My mother set three plates of sausage and eggs on the table and then sat down .
tr	NNS	With vigor he pursued connections until he met Luz while she was still in courtship with Chandler .
tr	NN	Zoey took the contraption and wrapped her fingers around the plastic handle .
tr	NN	She then scolded her Mog , evidently it was tired of waiting for dinner .
tr	NNS	The cool ocean air hit wet areas of skin and she shivered .
tr	NN	Otherwise , you can cause more harm and damage than you do in fact help .
tr	NNS	Heard the shots from the assault vehicle .
tr	NNS	I shove my fears aside and lightly brush my fingers along the pocketknife in the back pocket of my jeans .
tr	NNS	' No - no , I love cats and this one is really friendly and is so good with Daisy .
tr	NN	He said this louder than he had intended , and a few soldiers riding nearby looked at him askance .
tr	NNS	She confirmed his worst fears , her voice as inanimate as her face .
tr	NN	Christian put the lid on her coffee and handed it to her .
tr	NN	He could well understand , he could understand to overflowing , the indignation and anger that had led to the Barrier Riots of his youth .
tr	NNS	But if you don 't -- and I 'm giving you fair warning -- I have been taught skills you know nothing about .
tr	NN	He 's baiting a trap , not punishing you .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , gentlemen .
tr	NN	Then she felt a warmth flow from the stones , up her arms , through her heart , and out through the top of her head .
tr	NN	Emma balled up the uniform in her hands .
tr	NNS	She shuffled the pages , read some of the text , and then sighed as she stood .
tr	NNS	Judge Fawcett denied the initial motions to dismiss and ordered extensive discovery .
tr	NN	said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NNS	Feel the emptiness of the house .
tr	NN	It had a sizzle , a wildness that swept through both of them , making time and location irrelevant .
tr	NNS	He hadn 't forget the other robots , either .
tr	NNS	Are there antique treasures hidden in nooks and crannies all over the place like in some of the movies I 've seen ?
tr	NN	" Whatever gave you the impression that I 'm still interested ? "
tr	NN	She gripped the fork in a fist and held it at arm 's length under his nose .
tr	NNS	Temperature sensors on Winston 's face detected coolness where water drops struck .
tr	NNS	Laurence felt a great coldness descend on him ; he was very tired suddenly , and he had no heart at all to argue .
tr	NN	His hand gently grazed her thigh .
tr	NNS	" Finish all your errands ? "
tr	NN	He heard a deep intake of breath ( Is that mine ?
tr	NNS	Pierce had noted the markings on the other doors and assumed it was some sort of location system .
tr	NNS	People are needing their fruits and vegetables , yes ?
tr	NNS	One of his hands fondled her breasts while the other moved to her clit .
tr	NN	Sye spat a sanguine wad , summoning another light .
tr	NNS	Yet still those who endure the fiery darts but remain faithful to the king defeat his foes , do they not ?
tr	NN	He heard a door slam and jumped .
tr	NN	" Assyrians don 't have a flag ; they just put a wolf on a stick and wave it around while they 're slaughtering you . "
tr	NNS	The slightest sound could wake the bats .
tr	NN	" We 're grilling the fish .
tr	NN	Then can we have a truce ? "
tr	NN	From the depths of her crimson cloak , Jasmine drew out a dagger with a ruby set into the hilt .
tr	NN	I don ´ t get her ... at all .
tr	NN	And yes , we have a half mile stretch filled with chain stores and restaurants , pretty much like every other city in America . "
tr	NNS	So save your feeble attempts to be a nice guy for someone who can 't see the shriveled heart behind that phony smile . "
tr	NNS	The enemy had exceeded his greatest efforts .
tr	NN	No way his fancy partners and their wives would embrace her style .
tr	NNS	I found out about the questionable methods you used to find your way to Carver .
tr	NN	In keeping with his reputation , his papers slid off the podium into an unorganized heap on the floor .
tr	NN	She felt her heart flutter at the thought of a couple million dollars appearing in her bank account .
tr	NNS	Nick could practically feel the antsy breaths of his suppliers breathing down his back .
tr	NN	Sam hitched his hip onto the table and folded his arms .
tr	NNS	" All right you two love birds .
tr	NN	Admitting involves softening , making excuses for things that cannot be excused ; confessing just names the crime at its full severity .
tr	NN	I make an apple cake and feel rather virtuous about it .
tr	NNS	He heard something scurry across the hard floor behind him .
tr	NNS	I felt dizzy , and my tongue made it hard to swallow .
tr	NNS	They 'd cleared away the dinner dishes after having pizza for their first meal at the new home .
tr	NN	Though his expression had been impassive , she had felt his attention focus on her like a laser , had felt the heated sexual quality of it .
tr	NN	' We cheerfully place the fate of the world and its future generations into your hands .
tr	NNS	Max and I have been having our meals together . "
tr	NN	I extended my katana , and before Michael could react I sliced forward , hitting the underside of his left hand .
tr	NN	Neil had a confused impression of cool darkness , huge rooms , and more beautifully carved furniture .
tr	NNS	As my wet fingertips circled her hard little mounds , I felt her insides tightening around me .
tr	NN	He saw the nurse sprinting towards them .
tr	NNS	At the double doors that lead to the garden she takes off her slippers and steps lightly on the tiles .
tr	NNS	" Most buy trinkets to drop into the great well to supplicate or appease one of the Ancient Ones .
tr	NN	He pulled out a CD and gave it to Dan .
tr	NNS	We 're expecting twins any day now .
tr	NNS	Ethan I really hate clubs .
tr	NNS	I stared some very sharp daggers in their direction , tried to remain calm , and finally started talking to them .
tr	NNS	He 's wearing pink leather chaps and a fuchsia boa and absolutely NOTHING else . "
tr	NNS	After scanning the horizon for several minutes with his binoculars , he didn 't see any Aug patrols .
tr	NN	I see dead Nephilim . "
tr	NNS	He moved the bats under his arm and extended a hand .
tr	NN	She had a nametag on that read Priscilla and I thought the name suited her .
tr	NNS	" One of these days , you 'll at least take requests on your method of keeping me out of your head . "
tr	NNS	Generous visitation rights . "
tr	NNS	Very carefully , I unraveled the layers of wrapping , and there it was ; the clay Lotus bowl that Echo had bought from the antique store .
tr	NN	I have also edited a free ebook version of Tennyson 's verse .
tr	NNS	He had stacks of them to record their journeys .
tr	NNS	And as soon that they began fighting , he confirmed his suspicions .
tr	NN	She felt arousal gain the upper hand .
tr	NNS	No matter what it took , Alix was quitting cigarettes once and for all .
tr	NNS	Susan 's putting the pies and cakes out . "
tr	NN	Sean had his pistol drawn on her .
tr	NN	Then he raised the pentagram over his head and located the alarm box at the top of the building .
tr	NN	He opened a package of crackers trying to avoid eye contact .
tr	NNS	He scrubbed the floors , wiped down the dusty walls , and cleaned all the chairs and tables .
tr	NN	I pick the first option .
tr	NN	The First Lady 's team can administer one vial , once a week , precisely as I did with Stephanie Johnson . "
tr	NNS	You do have capabilities that we don 't . "
tr	NNS	She inundated my senses , coconut and the good and the girl .
tr	NNS	Her booted feet sunk just a few inches through a delicate crust with soft powder below .
tr	NNS	" I don 't like surprises . "
tr	NN	Then he scanned the forensic sweep through Alexandra Dupree 's garden apartment .
tr	NNS	He drew a few breaths , forcing his muscles to loosen .
tr	NN	Joanna aggressively pulled off a chunk of her place mat .
tr	NN	They have only one option if they object to what I did .
tr	NN	He made a sharp gesture with his hand , a silent order to approach .
tr	NNS	The little dude and your mom practically had orgasms - " I hold up my hand .
tr	NN	When she nodded , I tossed my handbag on the desk and slumped into my swivel chair .
tr	NN	The woman wore a pinned on hat with too many flowers .
tr	NN	He paused the film and pushed several buttons on the remote for the movie to start from the beginning .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths of good air , thankful to be away from the rather foul air inside the keep .
tr	NN	" Sure , " I said a little disheartened .
tr	NNS	I could see shelves and tables behind him .
tr	NN	At the same time he loosened the pistol in its holster on his hip .
tr	NNS	I wipe my fingerprints off the can , place it back on the bench , and step over Chad 's motionless body .
tr	NNS	She cupped his balls and took him into her mouth .
tr	NN	" Watch the traffic . "
tr	NN	Cherry asked " Three p.m. .
tr	NN	Each tank is filled with a tangle of floating limbs , a halo of hair rising from each one .
tr	NNS	" For the last few years we 've done the usual bake sales and car washes . "
tr	NN	We need landing craft as well as air cover , not to mention troops for a planetary insertion . "
tr	NNS	Reggie heard grumbles and some words of anger , but saw Brazen 's encouraging smile and continued on .
tr	NN	I can 't promise immediate retribution for it , but I can promise you it won 't ever happen again . "
tr	NN	They 're using technology we can 't even conceive !
tr	NN	He forces a lump down in his throat .
tr	NN	Eve felt the blood drain from her face .
tr	NNS	We could play more gigs .
tr	NN	Somebody at Tubb 's cookout stirred a handful of peanuts into the beans just before the beast took the leftover beans home . "
tr	NN	Being famous made him an attraction already .
tr	NNS	came three loud thumps on the door .
tr	NN	I flexed a bicep and was reassured I could still handle myself but didn 't want to go looking for trouble .
tr	NNS	' Who keeps their cigarettes in a box ? '
tr	NNS	" I don 't want your apologies .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is the problem ?
tr	NNS	You didn 't pay her classes ? "
tr	NN	Tavi signed the document and marked it with the pommel of his signet dagger .
tr	NN	That makes something flutter in my belly .
tr	NN	Although they all accepted him , only one university , Northern Mackinaw University , offered a scholarship .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have the best senses for supernatural happenings , but something about the girl was making her think of an animated character .
tr	NN	His grandfather would spoil her rotten and enjoy every minute of doing it .
tr	NNS	They are like circling vultures that animals look to as a sign that prey is ahead and waiting .
tr	NN	" Adelina has the potential to get us there , even if that potential lies within darkness .
tr	NN	Theresa hated the terror she saw building in Ben 's eyes .
tr	NN	That didn 't change his reluctance .
tr	NNS	Get the torches away .
tr	NNS	The terrain has turned back into farm land -- large open straight roads .
tr	NN	He saw her thrashing about on the bed , her body covered in a layer of sweat .
tr	NNS	She received two registered tuning forks to test potential recruits , diplomatic documents and another sneer from Lucan Miles .
tr	NN	uh ... I need a favor . "
tr	NNS	Olivia rubbed her temples and hung her head .
tr	NN	She feels the throbbing in her head and the cold surrounding her .
tr	NNS	" So , I could have more powers I don 't know about ? "
tr	NNS	They 'd laid Minos out on a bench .
tr	NNS	I have twin sons ! "
tr	NN	I 'm picking a different topic .
tr	NN	I pull the lid off and find a few pictures at the very top .
tr	NN	Bronwyn opened the trunk and pulled out a waterlogged volume of Tales of the Peculiar .
tr	NN	His fingers teased her cunt as his tongue wrought havoc on her swollen clit .
tr	NNS	I really don 't want your excuses . "
tr	NNS	He passed shops full of things he had never laid eyes on before .
tr	NNS	" Okay , well I don 't want these folks to know , at least not yet . "
tr	NN	Once inside , I had the urge to flee .
tr	NN	He merits command for that alone . "
tr	NNS	Trevor , always the star , had no inhibitions about being the center of attention .
tr	NNS	Lena kicked off her sandals .
tr	NNS	All Riddick 's flight members had blatant tells , yet none of them seemed to be aware of this .
tr	NN	A tall , slender man in a business suit picked up his briefcase and stood , nearly running into the major .
tr	NN	To encounter one often meant disaster , for to lose its riddle competition was to be forced into coitus , and subsequently devoured .
tr	NNS	I threw the biscuits on a cookie sheet , and then placed them in the oven .
tr	NN	He let out a muffled groan and shook his head from side to side .
tr	NNS	Adam takes a few deep breaths before turning to Kenji .
tr	NN	Zeke made a rude gesture , but he seemed amused as he conferred with his sister .
tr	NNS	I had two licensed drivers at my disposal : Eddie and Neil .
tr	NNS	We pass another few houses , buried in the dense tangle of weeds by the road .
tr	NN	I 'd found my proof .
tr	NN	Before Isaac could recover from the shock , Aidan activated a fire bubble around his body , bouncing Isaac backwards .
tr	NNS	What other tricks can you do ? "
tr	NNS	We stacked the dishes in the sink and I began to run the hot water just as the buzzer connected .
tr	NNS	" Surely , it would break down the domes . "
tr	NNS	It unbound his senses .
tr	NN	He whipped the rod back and forth a few times keeping the light line airborne while steadily extending its reach .
tr	NNS	Taken as much by surprise as I was , the line of men staggered back a few paces in panic .
tr	NNS	This time I didn 't need directions to Brandon 's house .
tr	NN	Clare heard the sole of a hard leather shoe slap against the tile floor .
tr	NN	You 'll show her some motherfucking respect or I 'll make sure you regret any words that come out of your mouth . "
tr	NN	He wore a dirty t-shirt with a Mossy Oak fleece over it and a faded pair of jeans .
tr	NNS	So , yes , I had issues , but not psychiatric ones .
tr	NN	I -- " " Next time , " Wanda said , " use soap . "
tr	NNS	Destroyed our lands and homes .
tr	NNS	I scan people 's yards as I pass them , looking at their yard ornaments and fixtures .
tr	NNS	Instead of being glittery , these walls had long , tubular vessels spreading out in every direction .
tr	NN	I can remember one incident that occurred just a few weeks before the outbreak .
tr	NNS	A loss of magic would probably have different terms than death , so it might not necessarily have to be a replacement of bloodline . "
tr	NN	He turned the knob .
tr	NN	I found sick humor in that knowledge .
tr	NNS	" In Kenya we mostly use bikes .
tr	NN	But Saint George had a much worse effect on her .
tr	NNS	I narrow my eyelashes , shaking my curls .
tr	NNS	' And how old do you think the deer that made this print is ? '
tr	NNS	I rub my temples .
tr	NNS	Dead alien bodies littered the floors , all twisted as if they 'd suffered and died in agony .
tr	NNS	I 'm making ten thousand dollars a month .
tr	NN	They 've caused so much harm throughout history !
tr	NNS	" It has two mirrors . "
tr	NN	He sank his shovel into a mound of dirt and took off across the yard toward the front porch .
tr	NN	" I didn 't win the getaway .
tr	NN	You want my respect ?
tr	NNS	Maybe kids don 't need moms , either . "
tr	NN	If you don 't want me kissing other women , then perhaps you should fill the void . "
tr	NN	It makes him a suspect , that 's all .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of my dad , his big sword in his big hands ... He was so strong .
tr	NNS	Jazz eyed the chairs , which looked modern , uncomfortable to sit in and impossible to get out of , and decided to disobey .
tr	NNS	As their eyes met , Julie saw her friend offering apologies with her eyes .
tr	NNS	Books have flown off the shelves and there isn 't anything more .
tr	NNS	She raced past meager pools of lights to hide in the darkness at the uppermost curve of the stairs .
tr	NNS	Her juices already ran down her thighs , betraying exactly how wet she was for him .
tr	NNS	I scraped the remains of the liver and onions I 'd had for my dinner ( what had I been thinking ? )
tr	NN	" Don 't tell anybody what happened .
tr	NN	When his relief turned to smug satisfaction over his feat , he hid his smirk .
tr	NNS	" You guys could get out all the plates and silverware we 'll need . "
tr	NN	And she couldn 't resist the urge to make it just a little worse .
tr	NN	This time , I couldn 't hold back the snort of derision that escaped my lips .
tr	NN	After you answer the questions honestly , the jinn will grant you a favor .
tr	NNS	In the background , we could hear howler monkeys , but the foliage above us was so thick it was impossible to see them .
tr	NN	You want some hot chocolate ?
tr	NNS	" In my fifth-grade photo , I had black rubber bands on my braces .
tr	NNS	Cole couldn 't help but follow her movements .
tr	NNS	He made his excuses and left .
tr	NN	Don 't feel bad , " he added , " you can 't even see that skylight unless you know it 's there . "
tr	NN	Summoning a deep breath , I turn the doorknob , but it 's locked .
tr	NN	The dowager duchess straightened her spine .
tr	NN	He shrugged his backpack from his shoulders .
tr	NNS	I read the reports .
tr	NN	" First we find Patch 's feather . "
tr	NN	Once at the door , she took the massive knocker in her hand .
tr	NNS	His blood was dripping down his hides .
tr	NN	With an oblique reference , he cast another lure for her .
tr	NNS	He had even taken his own more personal measures in order to avoid assassination by both human and Descendant agents .
tr	NN	My younger sister was a blonde and bragged to me about it from the first time my Dad called her Barbie .
tr	NN	The ruling didn 't put off the lawyer .
tr	NNS	He much preferred the vivid red coats which dominated their own army .
tr	NNS	" You are seeing motives that aren 't there .
tr	NN	" Excuse me , my friends , but I have one last speech to make .
tr	NNS	" I have contacts at National Intelligence .
tr	NNS	You 've got some serious issues , Talbot .
tr	NN	For one thing , she 'd received no proposal from him yet , nor had she accepted .
tr	NN	An individual looking at the large canvas resolves his own meaning and response .
tr	NN	Above the poor humans he shared the pavement with .
tr	NN	As per his usual reaction , he slammed the lid on the terminal and sat back in the chair .
tr	NNS	He could show the tapes to a federal magistrate and get his search warrants .
tr	NN	I finished off the outfit with a pair of dark purple heels with a crystal detail at the toe .
tr	NNS	Matthew hands the samples to Taylor and tells us that he is going to collect a soil sample as well .
tr	NN	' You wanted proof of my story ? '
tr	NN	Dr. Elliot put the parasite in everyone 's dinner .
tr	NNS	Mr. Lipton handed her the reins .
tr	NNS	" Jell-o shots ! "
tr	NN	I opened up Boomer 's email .
tr	NNS	It always got folks to drink more , and that made her uncle very happy .
tr	NN	Bash undid the clasp of Grace 's bathing suit and her hands went instantly to her breasts .
tr	NNS	Native American groups were claiming rights over the bodies , but ownership was in dispute , as the remains appeared more Caucasian in appearance . "
tr	NNS	" Hunters , but I 'm not taking any chances .
tr	NN	With their public display of affection at Angel 's last night , this morning 's Bachelor Blog had proven Coop 's hunch .
tr	NNS	Follow your instincts and trust in Adrien 's goodness above all things .
tr	NN	In response , Tom saw the butt of the Winchester smash into his face , and everything went dark .
tr	NNS	I paid the Colonel 's five bucks .
tr	NNS	" There are unsavory elements by the port .
tr	NNS	" Four million dollars ! "
tr	NNS	Her intonations and inflections added whole volumes of meaning to her commentary .
tr	NNS	She wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	His desk had a third , smaller rack for daggers .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods he was wearing that mask .
tr	NN	I drunk and got a mouthful of ale , which I spat out .
tr	NNS	She could see all the similarities now , the silly things she 'd missed before .
tr	NN	My body gave a small shudder .
tr	NNS	My heart was skipping beats .
tr	NNS	The boy knocked three small knocks on the window .
tr	NNS	' We teach history students to develop hypotheses and test their veracity .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't quite place the different scents .
tr	NNS	George gave himself two ticks .
tr	NNS	Yet , the kingdom now tattooed babies shortly after birth .
tr	NN	Victims reported a stinging sensation on their thigh , as if someone in the crowd had jabbed them .
tr	NN	I could hear the smirk in Malik 's voice .
tr	NN	When he got to the storage closet , he unlocked the padlock , then the dead bolt , and opened the door .
tr	NN	Olivia stiffened her spine .
tr	NNS	You follow her Jess .
tr	NN	She could admire vengeance like that .
tr	NNS	Besides , I can 't keep the cats away from you if I 'm lying on the floor with my eyes shut tight . "
tr	NN	If I was lucky , I could postpone my punishment until Jared was around .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't feel grief .
tr	NN	I let out a sly smirk .
tr	NN	Their play involved much argument , and Neil silently blessed the one who had suggested it .
tr	NNS	Some of the men were whispering their night prayers , heading for their beds under the sky .
tr	NNS	The director of the business demonstrated a few different examples .
tr	NNS	" You find the ornaments ? "
tr	NN	He lightly lifted a strand of her hair behind her ear .
tr	NNS	Although I 'd worn heels to the wedding , I 'd packed flats in my suitcase , just in case .
tr	NNS	I took two more deep breaths as I walked down and I tried to calm my nerves as I was still fuming mad at Leonardo .
tr	NN	Behind the doorway they could see the tower itself , looming upwards , wreathed in tendrils of fog .
tr	NN	But she had the same impulse .
tr	NNS	She had ordered some blinds , but they wouldn 't be installed until next week .
tr	NNS	Go on , Cass . "
tr	NN	Laying a hand on his arm , she gave a light squeeze .
tr	NN	He drew the dagger from the centurion 's belt , turned , and speared what remained of his roast onto the end of it .
tr	NN	Can we at least have some hot chocolate to wake us up first ? "
tr	NN	She removed the cap and struck the end .
tr	NN	" But I took a binding oath .
tr	NN	I liked the fragrance .
tr	NN	" Get up you blue belly . "
tr	NN	Winston began his descent on the curving exit ramp -- tapping his brakes , exercising great care so that he did not tumble over .
tr	NNS	Just like the other three panels , the central panel had deflated balloons underneath it .
tr	NNS	They found allies among the order and with their help they were able to overthrow many .
tr	NNS	Eve is smiling a few centimeters away .
tr	NNS	Yeah , I 'd sent him cards and called a few times , but nothing compared to actually being in Seattle while he struggled .
tr	NN	Tasha , so astonished by what she 'd just seen , didn 't register her initial opponent fleeing away through the alley 's entrance .
tr	NNS	She pulls a couple tubes of ointment out of the bag .
tr	NNS	We can solicit the free armies as well and the Seminary can appoint a mage or two here for a longer term .
tr	NN	A shiver runs up my spine and pools between my legs in a delicious ache .
tr	NNS	" We permit attackers to break through the gates , and then we deal with them in here .
tr	NNS	How much more humid could it get without actually raining ?
tr	NNS	The sailors redoubled their efforts , driven harder by their new fears than by their hope of escape .
tr	NNS	All the windows had the drapes drawn , blocking out the sunlight .
tr	NN	She began pacing in small circles , trying to remember her last hours .
tr	NN	I leaned the rake against the mimosa tree and shook the plastic garbage bag that we 'd already filled .
tr	NN	As she drew near , he handed her a bouquet of white roses .
tr	NNS	The democracy here has unleashed all rights but few duties .
tr	NN	" I have here your final exam .
tr	NNS	Marco , too , was snapping digital photographs as quickly as his camera would record them .
tr	NNS	I had no objections to country music .
tr	NN	Sha let out a low growl .
tr	NN	Meg took the tin .
tr	NN	Maybe we can find a terminal here , so Vel can patch in and see how many we 're looking at .
tr	NN	He gave her credit .
tr	NNS	" My kidnap victims . "
tr	NN	Chase dragged a fingernail across her hand clutching the wine glass , then to her wrist , then up her forearm .
tr	NNS	She 'd shrug and reply evenly , " Tough toenails , tiger .
tr	NN	But I knew of these temples , and somehow from the corner of my eye , I had taken their measure .
tr	NN	Women had a talent for creating problems where , as far as a man was concerned , none existed .
tr	NNS	You will also keep all the spoils . "
tr	NNS	We had night vision goggles .
tr	NNS	Generally , The Roosevelt only admitted around a dozen new members every month .
tr	NNS	First off , you were right , he wasn 't targeting psychics .
tr	NNS	He connected cables from it into a large collection of electronics and processors nearby .
tr	NNS	We don 't need any more distractions ! "
tr	NNS	The government -- California 's if not the Feds -- would surely get the priorities , make the investments , help the sick and dying .
tr	NN	Billie bit back a groan .
tr	NN	The man was wearing a knit cap and a coat .
tr	NN	William understood her reluctance .
tr	NN	She 'd lose credibility with her clients if that happened .
tr	NNS	Who else would take the knives of your love without flinching , without screwing up her eyes , without dropping the smile from her lips ?
tr	NN	Another firm rule prohibited any lawyer or secretary from working on April 16 .
tr	NN	Mara held the infant out to Shai who took him gently , hesitating slightly to look into his little face .
tr	NN	As he stood at the side of the bed he felt a familiar sensation .
tr	NNS	Johnny had been raising and fighting dogs for years and he had never had any problems with his dogs getting out of their cages .
tr	NN	He grabs the shovel and starts putting dirt on the fire to make sure it is out .
tr	NN	Alarm traveled up Cain 's spine .
tr	NN	He handed me an old-fashioned black pen and I signed my name to the bottom of the document .
tr	NN	Who else would have given a scarlet gown to an unmarried lady ?
tr	NNS	He yanked back the covers , half expecting to see a knife in Sheridan 's chest .
tr	NNS	Celaena couldn 't help but notice the sharp stares from the same women when they beheld her in the prince 's retinue .
tr	NNS	I took the reins and swung my leg up and over sliding easily onto Jasper 's back .
tr	NN	He didn 't give chase .
tr	NNS	Barry rubbed his knuckles and cringed , " Not immediately ... " he said quietly through gritted teeth .
tr	NN	Upon reaching the property , the dogs once again began their canine cacophony to herald the last arrival .
tr	NNS	He might have avoided his other societal obligations in the last two weeks , but he would be here .
tr	NN	I imagined his tall frame holding me against him .
tr	NNS	He laughed and told jokes and , most importantly , didn 't shout at anyone .
tr	NN	Thomas turned the ignition on the car and sped down the road .
tr	NNS	But it will take your combined powers to reverse what has happened today . "
tr	NNS	Hawk met three pairs of expectant female eyes .
tr	NNS	I liked labels ; I liked putting people and things into categories .
tr	NN	You can surf the net from my pool .
tr	NNS	I do not tolerate professional insults . "
tr	NN	That beat the crap out of the alternative .
tr	NNS	I could hear noises in the house too .
tr	NN	I caught the shortest glimpse of him before he spun out of the parking lot and his face was eerily calm .
tr	NNS	" Did she take some servants with her ? "
tr	NN	hissed the goblin softly .
tr	NNS	We have centuries to come to this decision , but know this : I want it , too . "
tr	NN	I had no gesture for that and knew he would have no way of knowing what that meant .
tr	NNS	" Dragons have families they love and care about just as humans do .
tr	NN	The Giant 's blank , grey face almost registered joy .
tr	NNS	The two female cashiers were offering apologies left and right .
tr	NN	Her eyes stared blankly ahead , lost , as she kept screaming .
tr	NN	Kylie could feel the fragile truce shattering .
tr	NNS	At the administrative office , they signed the required forms , and then he grinned as she tried on a helmet .
tr	NN	He 'd faced Collar payback before , but the agony that tore through him now was ten times worse .
tr	NNS	The Architects had saved billions of lives and given man a prosperous future to look forward to .
tr	NN	I tapped the monitor .
tr	NNS	A month in civilization had done wonders for the man .
tr	NNS	" What do you need cigarettes for ?
tr	NN	I grabbed the Shroud and tried to throw it at the car , but something pinned my arm down before I could .
tr	NN	" I might have an option for you .
tr	NN	Instead , he would share that joy with others and give them what he was denying her .
tr	NN	" Steph - " " Tell her I said hey .
tr	NN	I cannot guarantee any protection should you decide to come with me . "
tr	NN	" I lost consciousness and when I woke up she was gone . "
tr	NNS	He held all twenty-six disks in place and rotated them as a unit .
tr	NNS	Arms flailing , thrashing and elbowing her male captors , as she screamed , searching for a chance to escape .
tr	NN	She tapped her pen on the desk , wondering why she was still arguing , debating how much she could actually say .
tr	NN	But we were training a new pilot on our way home and he asked why the thrust indicator gauge was jumpy .
tr	NNS	" What 's got your boxers in a twist ? "
tr	NN	What does your farm plant ? "
tr	NNS	While I thought about it for a second , I put my stuffing ingredients into the bowl .
tr	NN	" I did stomp on his foot . "
tr	NNS	Brazel ran the numbers in his head .
tr	NNS	Charles made horrifying noises as he tried to bring air to his lungs .
tr	NN	Albert had picked up the menu .
tr	NN	Hunter couldn 't resist the tease .
tr	NN	He handed the Irishman a handful of money .
tr	NNS	I could feel the grated metal pedals under the soles of my shoes .
tr	NNS	We raced some bikers on their customised machines but even their legendary speed was no match for our new car .
tr	NN	I didn 't do fancy gift wrap .
tr	NNS	" Now , can you tell us how you treated these unfortunate victims ? "
tr	NNS	Out of the corner of his eye he saw the figures , large and small , scrambling from the bus .
tr	NN	I 'm staring at my hand in his , his refusal to let go .
tr	NNS	The statement caused the Commission members to break down along partisan lines .
tr	NN	Besides , you can 't handle a shovel .
tr	NNS	In February , they could easily pick up all the perishable items that they avoided in July or August .
tr	NN	I expected something cozy with just us .
tr	NNS	We need those higher faculties that begin with intuition and range on up beyond what human speech can bear .
tr	NN	I hear the sharp intake of air in his lungs .
tr	NN	I had a more pressing topic of conversation .
tr	NNS	" He doesn 't get points for it .
tr	NN	A chill moved down my spine as I thought about the possibility of walking out and Andrew being gone again .
tr	NNS	Some men were roasting hot dogs over an open pit fire .
tr	NNS	They also added some humorous shots of him doing such things as playing in snow in London , for the ﬁrst time in his life .
tr	NNS	He sat down inches away with controlled strength and poise , cocooning her in warmth and power and a nostalgia so encompassing her throat closed .
tr	NN	He showed the toy to Ebon , his closest ally and one of The Scholar 's most trusted men .
tr	NNS	As Mike prepared to turn away , a ruined face popped up inches from his own on the other side of the door .
tr	NNS	Nothing got my hormones scurrying faster than a man taking charge for all the right reasons .
tr	NNS	" He 's playing cards in the other room . "
tr	NNS	When it reached a reasonable level , he took a few swings with the club and found it painless enough to continue .
tr	NN	" Bought an elephant . "
tr	NNS	Answer the prayers and so on . "
tr	NN	With a sigh , she tossed her backpack onto the sofa and went to the refrigerator .
tr	NNS	' Ron here owes me five dollars !
tr	NNS	Ever since lunch , I 'd been showing her the many benefits of dating Jackson Reid .
tr	NN	Even that slight movement sent his head spinning .
tr	NNS	And in a drunken rage he totally grabbed Mrs. Nelson 's assets !
tr	NNS	" I don 't get butterflies ! "
tr	NNS	And when he had opened his huge jaws !
tr	NN	All self-righteous logic and sass .
tr	NNS	Maybe twisting a few other witches into shattered bones and pulped flesh . "
tr	NNS	The Lady of the Mountains had created the settings showing how beautiful the Garden of Eden must have been with the close relationship to God .
tr	NNS	She caught more errors that way .
tr	NN	" They 'll most likely meet their maker sooner rather than later , considering they have a tendency not to listen to our rules and all . "
tr	NNS	Signed paintings bring higher bids .
tr	NN	" No , " Joanne snapped , " I don 't need a budget , Josh . "
tr	NNS	His thumb and forefinger found my peaked nipples and squeezed them .
tr	NNS	My mind turns back to first year pathology classes , elementary teachings on the correlations between obesity , high blood pressure and nasty cases of premature death .
tr	NN	CHAPTER SIX Xavier came roaring up in his F-250 as Diego climbed down to the road .
tr	NNS	Rather like some diseases .
tr	NNS	The Uninvited has all the elements of a great ghost story .
tr	NN	He could smell the delicious aroma of coffee , which infused the air .
tr	NNS	Cade searched the web and genealogy sites for George Callahan .
tr	NNS	These had batteries that wouldn 't fit her radio .
tr	NNS	I 've heard bits and pieces but have never actually read it .
tr	NN	He carefully settled the napkin on the corner of a nearby desk .
tr	NN	I had the definite impression he wasn 't listening to his own words .
tr	NNS	I pulled the spines out of my leg and side and then saw there were blackberries in the bushes there .
tr	NN	She opened the cap and inhaled .
tr	NN	And he moved up the aircraft to the cockpit , to confer with the pilot .
tr	NN	Phil and Debbie had an argument about how to make real Italian spaghetti .
tr	NN	As a bonus , I even arrested the blacksmith .
tr	NN	I caught a brief glimpse of a horse head and two front hooves before he tugged my shirt back into place .
tr	NNS	Deckard tossed his cigarettes to him .
tr	NNS	We had few classes together .
tr	NN	As the son of Edward IV he had a better claim to the throne than Henry Tudor .
tr	NN	I have an effect on him !
tr	NNS	It would come , they always made errors .
tr	NN	She rubbed the gigantic lump on her forehead .
tr	NNS	The Patriarch winked slyly .
tr	NNS	" You don 't order my servants in my house , Oliver .
tr	NN	The distortion moved down the outside stairwell , around back , and into the alley .
tr	NNS	He didn 't need a detective 's powers to see what had gone on .
tr	NN	We can buy their speech .
tr	NNS	Andre could have seduced his victims , entranced them so that they welcomed death , but he sought thrills at the expense of human terror .
tr	NN	" I took your advice and I told my council that they are my council and are here to advise me , not to make the decisions .
tr	NN	I gave him an unfriendly glare .
tr	NN	He 'd back off the topic of the rest of the will for the moment and try a different tack .
tr	NNS	The demons were throwing fireballs , occasionally lighting a vampire on fire .
tr	NNS	" Thank the saints , yes ! "
tr	NNS	They wore long , dark-green trench coats , and round , black , fur hats with flat tops .
tr	NN	She turned over the ignition , banged the dash to get the heater working , and tore away from the curb .
tr	NNS	" I 've set up two trust funds , one for you and one for Harris .
tr	NN	I clutched my rifle to my waist , though I felt sick at the thought of using it .
tr	NN	All we have to do is leak my location to the Day Soldiers . "
tr	NNS	I 'd be reciting prayers for you right now .
tr	NN	Beelzebub twisted the dagger and laughed .
tr	NN	He 'd been running the incident over and over in his mind and he still couldn 't make head or tail of it .
tr	NNS	Then Jean gave the thumbs up that they were all packed up and ready to go .
tr	NN	His strong white teeth tore a morsel from the bone .
tr	NNS	I could make out fragments of conversation : " ... locked down . "
tr	NN	I swiped the pistol from my belt and rushed towards the noise .
tr	NN	Sini held out her ring hand and with the forefinger of her other hand touched the Ring 's cluster .
tr	NNS	I pressed the palms of my hands into my eyes to try to control the nauseating guilt that still took me whenever I thought about it .
tr	NN	She also got some butter going on the stove and I waited for her to start talking .
tr	NNS	People crowd around the fires , cooking or warming their hands .
tr	NNS	It brushed the remains of his nose and he gave voice to a low , tired scream of pain .
tr	NN	I recognize that smirk .
tr	NN	He had steak and a large stack of flapjacks .
tr	NNS	The more time that passed , the more that desire dug its talons into her .
tr	NNS	And that each time he got away unscathed merely increased the chances of a fall .
tr	NN	Were he a powerful construction robot , he 'd simply tear the whole window structure out of the wall with his unaided hands .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	Holding her measuring spoon close , she carefully tilted the vial until a single drop escaped the lip and fell to the spoon .
tr	NN	I greeted the butler .
tr	NNS	Careful hands loaded silverware and china plates into cartons .
tr	NNS	The driver , another pleasant , non-descript young man smiled thinly and spoke without introductions .
tr	NNS	Wheels down , feather the prop , flaps down , flare out , prepare for a ground loop .
tr	NN	Monty stopped pacing long enough to question Kevin .
tr	NNS	Most want models who are ... open .
tr	NNS	Father and son exchanged greetings .
tr	NNS	Her eyes spat emerald daggers at him .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , Johnny Boy did have the hots for you back then . "
tr	NN	Maybe you and your husband could see the Park or something in the meanwhile . "
tr	NN	He took a small wrench from his pocket and undid the six bolts securing the coupling .
tr	NNS	Leo made some noises that reminded me of sex , and I blushed .
tr	NN	Carlos had flown Preston 's Mustang once or twice , and wanted one of his own .
tr	NNS	I grab my compass and hold it into my hands .
tr	NN	He always ended up offering to do me instead .
tr	NN	He made a gesture that seemed partly all-embracing and partly despairing .
tr	NN	I can forward you the e-mail , if you like . "
tr	NNS	They are moving quickly , not stopping for lights or traffic , heedless of the cars that swerve to get out of their way .
tr	NN	I close the lid to my laptop and make my way to the back terrace .
tr	NN	And she made the functional comparison , relating this to her tests on her own body .
tr	NN	She could sense a mutual respect between them .
tr	NNS	" They can detect cloaked ships , too . "
tr	NNS	His back hit the mattress with a thud .
tr	NNS	There were shattered Christmas ornaments everywhere , little glittering fragments of scarlet and holly green and royal purple .
tr	NN	Seth felt a nice release after destroying the competition .
tr	NN	Sighing , I set the basket of goodies on the ledge inside the stall , before pulling the door shut .
tr	NNS	Using their own shields as a defense in addition to his own .
tr	NNS	We raised our families and grew old sitting on wooden porches , but in the end it would always end the same way .
tr	NN	She didn 't see the bat being raised again for a second blow or hear Reba say fiercely , , don 't , Billy !
tr	NN	He felt its hunger , not merely to feed off of life , but to destroy all that is .
tr	NNS	She would have resisted his attempts to control her .
tr	NNS	He also had his sons as crew , which limited the ' loose tongue ' risk .
tr	NN	Jace made a quick , quieting gesture with his hand , and they all fell silent .
tr	NN	Claire worships her stepfather . "
tr	NN	I will make a further announcement in due course .
tr	NN	" You are making a mockery of my class and a fool of yourself .
tr	NN	Jacob hugs the door frame of the room rather than come on in .
tr	NN	But hadn 't his engagement just been announced ?
tr	NNS	" I mix bits of iron with wood chips and secret earths in heavy clay pots .
tr	NN	A few minutes later she took her bath , and cleaned every part of her body thoroughly .
tr	NNS	Gavin might have issues buried behind his ever-present grin .
tr	NN	In the distance a car honked its horn twice and Pastor James waved to where it parked in the lot .
tr	NNS	The others stifled their giggles .
tr	NN	Several of the watching figures laughed , an odd collection of sounds that made me flush all over with apprehension .
tr	NNS	She counted the burst blood vessels in his cheeks and wondered if he intended to simply pretend she didn 't exist .
tr	NN	Before I swore allegiance to the Red Guard .
tr	NNS	" No , I 've no designs on your dowry , Becky . "
tr	NN	He stopped the impulse to reach and pull out his automatic .
tr	NN	She didn 't need her Siren 's Power of Persuasion to turn heads .
tr	NNS	All vampires had such powers of control over mortals .
tr	NNS	" Say five hundred American dollars . "
tr	NNS	With one stroke you can kill or impart life everlasting . "
tr	NNS	Taking several deep breaths and another sip of what was now cold coffee , she swallowed her excuses and nodded weakly .
tr	NN	I 'll keep digging with my own sources . "
tr	NNS	He had no fears about using his sword if he had to , and he was sure he could beat him .
tr	NN	" That should be hot enough , " Gray told the shop owner .
tr	NNS	The other side of the house contained four suites , as well .
tr	NNS	" We share various talents , " Sam said , " although each of us has several and some unique only to us .
tr	NNS	I counted at least twenty giants before we even got close to the front door .
tr	NN	Over the years , the elements had reclaimed the wreckage of our former home .
tr	NN	He popped the lid and started to drink the cold liquid .
tr	NN	Heard her own whispered confession of love .
tr	NN	I gave a silent prayer that they would take one of the outer trails and not decide to go up through the chasm proper .
tr	NN	He grabbed the notepad and pen on the table and wrote .
tr	NN	We climbed down the tower to join our friends , where we exchanged tearful goodbyes with Claire and Fiona under the big shade tree .
tr	NNS	But now , in his single act of saying no , he had challenged her assumptions of what her life could be .
tr	NN	He stopped pacing long enough to throw her a severe glance .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at me .
tr	NNS	She placed the dishes in the sink .
tr	NNS	" Director , I 've got a few captured still shots of the camp .
tr	NNS	" Five more fat clouds and three thin ones . "
tr	NN	My mom didn 't ask our visitor if he wanted anything .
tr	NNS	Earlier I told the maids to put the cloth on the formal dining table , and they reported it is gone .
tr	NN	He returned his equipment to his bag .
tr	NNS	Blue and white light flowed over the tubes and crackled against the outsides of the metal boxes .
tr	NN	Liam 's steadying hand cupped her butt , and holy crap , the heat seared clear through her jeans .
tr	NN	They mounted a winding staircase and then traveled to the end of the hallway once on the second floor .
tr	NNS	Then he moved down a few inches and wrote Newt .
tr	NN	Abby felt the color drain from her face .
tr	NN	" Yeah , if you 're looking to get lucky , you should probably do some mixing of your own . "
tr	NNS	" CT scan ... hematoma ... broken ribs ... " A sob followed .
tr	NN	Instead I turned his rifle over .
tr	NNS	That would only boost gossip and start folks choosing sides , and Gabe drew enough attention as it was .
tr	NN	Instead , she pulled her marker out of the pouch , opened it and showed them the screen and the keyboard .
tr	NN	" Then it shall be done , My Queen . "
tr	NN	People put the juice on their injuries .
tr	NN	He set the autopilot to a heading of seventy-five degrees magnetic .
tr	NN	I stifled a groan .
tr	NN	Nicolas brought her knuckles to his mouth and nibbled on her skin to distract her .
tr	NNS	I have my suspicions that the club had abandoned him .
tr	NNS	They quickly shrugged off their white coats and shoved them in their packs as they walked home .
tr	NNS	Toren nudged her thighs wider , making room for himself between them .
tr	NN	She wore a white t-shirt over a deep purple bikini .
tr	NNS	" There 's two hundred ... forty ... seven pages of dialogue . "
tr	NNS	Chapter Sixteen The first thing Dennis did when he got back to the car was empty his pockets .
tr	NN	" I 'm not declaring my undying affection to a bacterial culture ! "
tr	NNS	Dakota had taken his own wild chances .
tr	NN	" How about we get a pizza ? "
tr	NN	There suddenly upon a ridge appeared a rider , clad in white , shining in the rising sun .
tr	NN	She held up the statue and smiled like a model .
tr	NN	" I 've had quite enough responsibility .
tr	NNS	Perhaps you 'll uncover citizens who can point you in the right direction . "
tr	NNS	" I have no objections .
tr	NNS	In the darkness she had no inhibitions .
tr	NNS	I 'm taking my general education classes this year along with some prerequisite classes . "
tr	NN	" Name tag . "
tr	NN	As more are found the probability of finding more increases and reaches an exponential rate .
tr	NN	" He wears your uniform , but yet he is unarmed .
tr	NNS	I was uncovered , my thighs slightly open , leaning back on the couch .
tr	NN	It was like seeing the Queen of England throwing back a pint at a dive bar .
tr	NNS	" How many other sisters do you have , again ? "
tr	NN	I shook out the quilt that lay at the bottom of the bed and draped it over the girl .
tr	NNS	They 'd set up the folding chairs , and it was snug .
tr	NNS	She didn 't tell Jess why this happened nor how it was related to Celeste 's task .
tr	NN	Dylan laid another tarp on top and secured the tailgate .
tr	NN	I recalled his reluctance at handing me that GPS , as if it were an afterthought .
tr	NNS	And I wanted more orgasms .
tr	NNS	The Gentry Ten were sharing grateful greetings when the first sign of readiness to launch came with the great rumble and shake of the Tower .
tr	NNS	Slipping my blouse to one side and snapping my bra free with one deft flick of his wrist , he freed my breasts .
tr	NNS	Aiden dropped his utensils on his plate , which he promptly pushed away so that he could lean his elbows over the wooden table .
tr	NN	Use the old five-point persuasion method . "
tr	NN	Or to get a massage .
tr	NN	Gordon had silver duct tape around his ankles , wrists and over his mouth .
tr	NNS	Hayden 's hand rolls up my ribs and brushes over my breast , sending a wave of desire through me .
tr	NN	Or else she was dating a contractor .
tr	NN	Like the crowd , they knew his reputation .
tr	NN	He issued the command to sleep , strong , compelling , instant .
tr	NNS	" She 's made arrangements to speak to Malik ? "
tr	NNS	I got hostile stares from behind fires burning in garbage cans and circles of rubble .
tr	NNS	I lift up my mattress , searching for the slit I 'd made years ago when I was trying to hide notes from James .
tr	NNS	Peggy dug the paint samples from the bottom of her purse and sorted them out .
tr	NNS	To Rico 's knowledge she had no politics , no hobbies , no friends and no religious convictions whatsoever .
tr	NN	She pulled off her cap and black hair tumbled free around her shoulders .
tr	NN	The dark-haired , dark-eyed woman cast a sidelong smirk at Beth .
tr	NN	I could vaguely remember a grand celebration where I danced with Alastor so long ago .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen the plates , the body on the altar .
tr	NNS	" In that case we should make other arrangements . "
tr	NNS	Followed by Lavina and Cathy he followed the tracks down through the shrubbery .
tr	NNS	We can , by comparing structures , date some samples to within two or three thousand standard years .
tr	NN	I grabbed my motorcycle and pushed it out into the rain .
tr	NNS	" They have clubs in the human world , and in these clubs very bad things happen .
tr	NN	My eyes made a quick sweep of the area .
tr	NNS	Currents of energy flooded her senses .
tr	NNS	And I definitely have butterflies .
tr	NNS	He walked to the back of the couch and leaned down , his face inches from me .
tr	NNS	At least in the near term , they don 't have our frequencies so they can 't contact us .
tr	NNS	He exhaled loudly and slapped his thighs , murmuring under his breath .
tr	NNS	Tom and Cody played cards until Tom could no longer stay awake .
tr	NNS	They carried blades like this .
tr	NN	She indicated the location of the other one with a wave .
tr	NNS	" What you cannot do , or fix , I will send the appropriate senior students over later to finish off . "
tr	NNS	They wanted nearly seventy dollars to do our vault .
tr	NN	" You see what I mean , " Denise 's laugh held no humor .
tr	NN	We 've been collecting proof over the years .
tr	NN	She put her basket of tools away in the shed .
tr	NNS	She ate some wild apples and worked the knots out of her hair with her ivory comb .
tr	NNS	Talon took the wineglass but didn 't drink .
tr	NNS	We had an ... encounter at the holidays , but that 's all it was .
tr	NN	And when he raised his arms the distant silhouette , gave back a distant salute .
tr	NN	" A scoped rifle and pistol as well , Sir . "
tr	NN	" How did you survive that blast ? "
tr	NN	Francesca swallowed the tight knot of fear blocking her throat and lifted her chin defiantly .
tr	NNS	" I 'll sign any forms you need , just save her . "
tr	NNS	" We had suspicions that the king was not himself . "
tr	NN	The stir of his breath on her neck as he spoke made her cringe .
tr	NNS	We may be imagining murderers where there are none . '
tr	NNS	They had never experienced prairie lands before so they were amazed by the open vistas .
tr	NN	James 's mouth made a round O of surprise .
tr	NN	Though he was only twenty six , she could pick out the occasional silver strand scattered throughout his dark hair .
tr	NNS	They hid the cameras in the vent panels , but we can see the red blinking lights .
tr	NN	Finally , I have in most cases added location and date headings in boldface whenever there is a change of scene within the book .
tr	NN	" Veronique , " I fought the urge to look away .
tr	NNS	The people had produced pamphlets detailing the supposed crimes of the royal family .
tr	NNS	You cannot attend any clubs or sports . "
tr	NN	He gave the reins a snap .
tr	NNS	Dread pools in my stomach , frigid and deep .
tr	NNS	It held ten thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	She massaged her temples .
tr	NNS	Yellow lines delineated the vastness of Brazil ; to the west were Peru , Ecuador , Columbia and Venezuela .
tr	NN	Being a Queen had never saved any witch from a Warlord Prince 's knife if her actions snapped the leash that held back a formidable temper .
tr	NN	The woman worshiped logic , after all .
tr	NN	We will enter the castle , and we will surprise them where they stand .
tr	NNS	Then he grabbed several knives and leapt up .
tr	NN	She smells faintly of lavender and vanilla .
tr	NNS	I 've included several soil samples for you , too .
tr	NN	I needed the protection the rules provided me . "
tr	NN	He would kill her , he would take his revenge .
tr	NN	I 'd never had an urge to live in the wilderness by myself , so he was on his own there .
tr	NNS	" I have no complaints .
tr	NN	I pulled the magazine from the rifle and dropped the gun on the floor .
tr	NN	He touched the tree trunk , the bark scratchy and hard .
tr	NN	" The headliner tonight needs no introduction .
tr	NN	Roxy 's breath came out a growl , and she glared at him .
tr	NNS	He put the goggles on first .
tr	NN	" They might get a bit unruly .
tr	NNS	We twist the genetics , start the new strains and weed them out , sort out their properties and mold them again .
tr	NN	Our presence on the sidewalk doesn 't change the painting neither does whatever we do while we 're there . "
tr	NN	She snapped up the fish in two quick bites .
tr	NN	" And you want a colored actress for the lead ... how is that going to work . "
tr	NNS	Reluctantly , she fetched her daggers and mounted Shimmer .
tr	NN	His hands unbuttoned her Islander blouse , unpeeled her cotton skirt and found her bare under both .
tr	NNS	Persephone held her cards in her long , long hands , eyeing the man for a pregnant moment .
tr	NNS	I pulled the covers back and stepped aside so she could crawl in .
tr	NNS	" I 've got her , " Charlie said , a little breathless .
tr	NNS	The Empire 's soldiers took positions behind buildings and returned fire .
tr	NNS	I flip the covers to the side .
tr	NN	And , as I was finding out , it has an extremely good effect on my mood .
tr	NN	Charlie dropped his pistol back into its holster and nodded to his men to stand down .
tr	NN	" I don 't like bragging , but I can ride a horse as well as most guys .
tr	NNS	I check the digital numbers on the cable box .
tr	NNS	He snatched up the Voodoo cans , threw them in his garbage bag .
tr	NNS	I reverse directions , stepping over the photo on the hallway carpet and retreating to my bedroom .
tr	NN	After I 'm finished , I put the pen down and go back to reading , hoping for more answers .
tr	NN	She had a smirk on her face .
tr	NNS	I made all the usual excuses for him .
tr	NNS	Janelle rubbed her temples , training her gaze on her lap to give her emotions a break from the beating they 'd taken all day .
tr	NNS	She picked apples off the highest branches of the apple tree .
tr	NN	" I was giving it some serious consideration . "
tr	NN	Thank goodness she was staying there that night .
tr	NN	" Her brother expresses his sorrow that Sarah was the victim of such a hideous crime .
tr	NN	Crossing himself , he spoke a silent prayer for the departed and stood silently , the memories carrying him far away , to another time and place .
tr	NNS	I was only putting the condoms away and - " " Casey , let me explain . "
tr	NN	I 'm investigating the disappearance of James Edwards . "
tr	NN	" What did you tell the bartender about Haruki ? "
tr	NNS	But thanks to Victoria , she finally embraced the changes of a family that would eventually be on earth long after she was gone .
tr	NNS	Shading her eyes against the bright sunlight , she surveyed their surroundings more carefully .
tr	NN	I clenched the pen .
tr	NNS	I double checked all security tapes and confirmed it .
tr	NNS	You have all sorts of interesting ideas running around in your head .
tr	NN	He made a wide sweep of the yard , stopping near the trees to check the infrared readings again .
tr	NN	Jack straightened his red silk cravat and pushed his shoulders away from the wall .
tr	NN	Now he felt his spirits lifting .
tr	NNS	Like you , I had my defensive mechanisms .
tr	NNS	Once again she 'd watered her mattress with memories .
tr	NN	Through the bright store windows , I caught a glimpse of one or two of the shopkeepers ; they were all in costume , wearing turn-of-the-century clothing .
tr	NNS	" Then why do you find excuses to come outside whenever I 'm working in the yard ? "
tr	NNS	I was getting frequent reports .
tr	NNS	I had never liked the dances .
tr	NN	There was restrained fury vibrating from every fiber of her .
tr	NN	She found a shovel .
tr	NNS	She was seeing patients , on a volunteer basis , every night at the clinic after she finished in her regular job as a hospitalist .
tr	NN	He had seen the measure of him and judged there was more cautious wit reserved behind his words .
tr	NN	I jiggle the dial and mutter the call again , and this time , I feel them coming .
tr	NN	Kalia jabbed the long needle into her thigh .
tr	NNS	Alec had never liked the archangels .
tr	NNS	Santa Anna apparently possessed reserves and , those reserves having been committed , they were now advancing toward the mission walls from all directions .
tr	NN	We had an appointment on the following Tuesday to make sure he was healing properly .
tr	NNS	" Sorry , it took so long , they needed some reports .
tr	NN	A drink like this must cost a fortune .
tr	NN	I suddenly felt the urge to sing and thought better of it since I couldn 't carry a tune in a bucket .
tr	NN	Lara flicked the scarlet silk cloth into the air , and it began to fall .
tr	NNS	His unguarded reaction had erased any doubts about the response that her declaration would get .
tr	NN	The sooner you get treatment , the better . "
tr	NNS	" Do a few bad apples really spoil the barrel , Doctor ? "
tr	NN	Harry starts swearing more often than Tim , and Andy spends all her time on Facebook and reading , rereading Twilight again and again .
tr	NNS	Several times in her work as Sibyl , she had encountered marriages poisoned by siblings or parents who were never able to accept their new in-laws .
tr	NNS	Do their shields extend over the valley as well ? '
tr	NNS	They told her a few other relaxation techniques to help her through her contractions .
tr	NN	He 's living proof that in life , you win some and you lose some .
tr	NN	Time had curved his spine , and his flesh , pulled taut , seemed to snag on every ridge of vertebrae .
tr	NNS	I exited the tunnels and walked through the forest .
tr	NN	He had a sadistic gleam in his eye as Saul spoke to him .
tr	NN	I felt a swooping sensation as my email blinked .
tr	NNS	They had common interests , but more importantly , they complemented each other in personality .
tr	NNS	He didn 't make any lewd remarks .
tr	NN	They surrounded the hunter and attacked from every angle .
tr	NN	Cutter gave a small shrug and pulled the trigger .
tr	NN	Or that her breasts really did fill out the silk blouse nicely .
tr	NNS	Some people grabbed small items , mementos of a time gone .
tr	NNS	If you 'd been properly brought up you 'd have introduced yourselves to me first , since this is my home . '
tr	NNS	And Saruman has powers you do not guess .
tr	NNS	" You 're not hiding , you 're practicing domestic survival skills .
tr	NN	The motel room gave the word " common " a whole new meaning .
tr	NNS	We marched down the tunnels with about fifty soldiers of fortune .
tr	NN	He moaned and grabbed another pillow , covering his eyes .
tr	NN	Dean set the magazine down and got up , thankful for the rescue .
tr	NNS	In retrospect , I could recognise more than a little youthful infatuation in our relationship , but at the time it felt like something deeper .
tr	NN	Suffice it to say I have a fiance , and he 's not going to let me go .
tr	NNS	Kyle fanned the cards out .
tr	NNS	" The drugs don 't completely negate my psychic abilities .
tr	NNS	All I do is tell folks about the past .
tr	NNS	He was having nightmares thinking that he 'd actually helped a serial killer .
tr	NN	She unlocked the top file drawer , withdrew the folder of reports to be processed and slammed the drawer in .
tr	NN	Speaking of Shotgun , Jazz , I need a favor .
tr	NNS	I 'd give up vibrating chairs with cup holders for her every day of the week .
tr	NNS	Ali passed the bleachers once more without even realizing she 'd made another lap and then , suddenly , felt the ground go out beneath her .
tr	NNS	He reappeared -- full size -- some yards away .
tr	NN	If that 's not a threat , " Francis ' voice held agitation .
tr	NN	Her distant location exceeded the ideal range for accuracy .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps I have ulterior motives . "
tr	NNS	A few people attempted quiet jokes , but a pall of almost tangible horror seemed to have fallen from the night sky .
tr	NNS	He 'd hit two numbers when she cried out .
tr	NNS	You just broke a few hearts . "
tr	NNS	They were warning shots .
tr	NN	His mouth made a twist , like he was going to tell me bad news .
tr	NN	Amara saw Bernard 's jaw clench .
tr	NN	You know , those beds ain 't very comfy , Nurse . "
tr	NN	" I averted a major political crisis , a very critical political disaster threatened the very soul of the nation ... ... . "
tr	NN	Victoria followed Lilith 's gesture and stopped breathing .
tr	NNS	The young man had not earned points with his conscript class by remarking that someone of his pedigree should be an officer rather than a grunt .
tr	NNS	" Surveillance missions , mostly .
tr	NN	Jumping over the roof of her barn , she gave the weather vane a spin as she went sailing by .
tr	NN	Just don 't ruin our reputation further .
tr	NNS	Slowly and with great care he picked the remains of his harp off the bench .
tr	NN	As I told you , I represent the estate of his late business partner , Matthew Voss .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers back with his bandaged hand .
tr	NNS	Amelia begrudgingly picked up the couch cushions and crammed the salvageable stuffing back inside .
tr	NN	think I 'd rather eat inside , " she told the waiter .
tr	NN	Jazz made an okay gesture with one hand as she yanked open her desk drawer with the other and felt around in the depths .
tr	NN	He heard the slight hitch of her breath .
tr	NNS	I heard some tracks online . "
tr	NNS	" I was running down some leads , and had a little discussion with that rag that 's calling these werewolf attacks .
tr	NN	I will give you full credit , of course , and - " Mary turned to him with frost in her eyes .
tr	NNS	I will regulator all claims against the innocent .
tr	NNS	If they sank them into you , however , they locked their jaws .
tr	NN	Hanging up the phone , I straightened my white blouse and black skirt .
tr	NNS	Time to shut down the hormones and get to work before she turned into a Brittany .
tr	NNS	I have all the necessary ports and terminals .
tr	NNS	" You always had good instincts .
tr	NNS	" ... so don 't make thoughtless remarks about me .
tr	NNS	He listed possible connections in his head and systematically eliminated them , one by one .
tr	NNS	Thoughtful silence filled the gaps , or drunken confusion in the case of Irony .
tr	NNS	We had discussions in the fishing room how to help you to win the trophy of Saint Mary . "
tr	NN	He left his equipment in the tree .
tr	NN	The vista had an almost fairy-tale quality .
tr	NNS	They packed the sidewalks as they drifted from store to store , and they crowded the streets in their rented Jeeps and small cars .
tr	NN	A soft drawl breaks my trance .
tr	NNS	He 'd certainly never lacked for female companionship , but thanks to his football career , he 'd always had the cards stacked in his favor .
tr	NNS	If the truth be told , I 'd rather take my chances with the French .
tr	NN	She threw a wad of paper towels on the floor and went back to her bag .
tr	NNS	At one of the open pool tables in the back of the bar , he pulled all the balls together , sliding them into place .
tr	NNS	Every so often , we cross ribbons of concrete , radiating outward from the city 's walls .
tr	NNS	He felt nauseous , angry , terrified , and a hundred other emotions all at once as the gunman turned the rifle towards him .
tr	NNS	You 'd bring your grazes to me then .
tr	NNS	" And Tobias can resist simulations , but he doesn 't display some of the characteristics we 've come to expect of the Divergent .
tr	NNS	I could see bikes and runners working their way around the lake across the street , everyone smiling and waving in the spring sunshine .
tr	NN	He cursed the fox under his breath and then raised his voice , " Back , my children , back to the camels . "
tr	NNS	Sadie had utilized both methods .
tr	NNS	You have no aspirations .
tr	NNS	Which had the best clubs , where the legacies were .
tr	NN	Are you doing a fresh design ?
tr	NNS	She had no assets to flirt with any more .
tr	NN	Other walls were painted a pale cream .
tr	NN	" Such wonderful food , and they gave me a whole dozen of those sweet dumplings at the end , too .
tr	NN	" I just ... liked your speech .
tr	NN	I almost didn 't even notice the growl ; it had become so commonplace .
tr	NN	Phoebe snagged a pencil .
tr	NN	" Best boiled cabbage . "
tr	NNS	" I saw emptiness where something bright and joyful should have been .
tr	NNS	My father could have taken my sisters for any number of reasons , but Julian ?
tr	NN	" Jagger and I have a truce .
tr	NN	" Kill him , " she hears Mai command , somewhere in her vicinity .
tr	NN	Nick dropped his rifle and grabbed Buzzard 's right hand , the one with the gun .
tr	NNS	Nicki regained her senses first , her training as a nurse taking over .
tr	NN	" I packed a picnic basket . "
tr	NNS	Damn these pregnancy hormones .
tr	NN	We examined the content of the plate .
tr	NN	I give old Rex credit for his royal insight .
tr	NNS	Not even your father expected their combined powers to be what they were . "
tr	NN	Eden takes his paper design back .
tr	NN	Kalia growled a command , and the knife darted at Rachel .
tr	NN	He found an injured kitten , so I showed him where the vet was .
tr	NNS	I pressed my thumbs into the exposed muscles of his neck .
tr	NN	Peter hungrily grabbed the scroll when Imhotep handed it over .
tr	NNS	Lucan Protection Services occupied two floors of a gleaming new office building in one of the most exclusive enclaves on California 's Gold Coast .
tr	NN	I stopped pacing and turned around .
tr	NN	After a tolerable dinner at the inn , Lady Amira pled fatigue and turned in .
tr	NNS	Said if I breathed a word to you about her she 'd cut off my balls .
tr	NNS	" I need more supplies to treat his wounds .
tr	NNS	She followed her instincts to a set of doors on the west side of the house .
tr	NN	I won 't deny it , I 've had an overwhelming urge to look Holder up online .
tr	NN	She gave his belly a playful pat .
tr	NNS	He handed the messenger a couple coins for his service .
tr	NNS	His position of neutrality spoke volumes on the condition of his soul .
tr	NN	Maybe even catch a glimpse of Ali .
tr	NN	" I accepted his proposition , but in the end I couldn 't follow through .
tr	NNS	" How did they get the crowns back ? "
tr	NNS	Once you made ' accidental ' contact , you used the data you gathered to manipulate me into entering your trap willingly , even eagerly .
tr	NN	Fingers traced her jawline and then his teeth grazed at her ear and neck , tiny little nips that made her h * ps buck wildly .
tr	NNS	I was knocked breathless again .
tr	NN	The wound to Crawley 's neck displayed only redness , yet his mouth was foaming with blood .
tr	NN	He pulled a gold pen from his pocket and signed the credit card receipt that the waiter had dropped on their table and pocketed his card .
tr	NNS	" I can 't thank you enough , " Evelyn said fervently .
tr	NNS	According to Fiji , Olivia had great computer skills and a lot of knowledge and connections in the lawyer community .
tr	NN	We made our getaway with such urgency that not another word was said .
tr	NNS	The museum has three floors that wrap around the courtyard .
tr	NNS	They have full body shots of us up on the billboard and we look smokin ' ! "
tr	NN	She checked the alarm clock on the nightstand and cringed .
tr	NNS	He had important numbers on his calling list that were meant for his eyes only .
tr	NNS	American civilians make too damned tempting targets for terrorist factions these days . "
tr	NNS	both their cruisers had reached their respective planets some time ago .
tr	NN	Serena gets his meaning .
tr	NN	" After all the riots in the city , we thought we had a good chance to organize a protest , plan a large-scale opposition .
tr	NN	She was holding a wad of cloth against her right arm ; the cloth was partly soaked through with blood .
tr	NNS	Heron Lake 's blue water reflected the oranges , reds and yellows of the trees framing it .
tr	NN	Winkler had probably done the deed when he laid her the first time .
tr	NNS	But frankly , I couldn 't comprehend his mother 's actions either .
tr	NNS	She dried her damp palms on her sundress .
tr	NN	Harris was supervising the packing of all her things with the help of two maids from the house .
tr	NN	She 'd never witnessed the slightest proof of the supernatural ; and she was struck dumb and still now .
tr	NNS	You can inspect it thoroughly there if you want , " offered Tiberius as innocently as he could .
tr	NN	She carried a parasol , her face was painted white , and her hair was long and straight .
tr	NN	" He mentions a physician in Paris who , roughly forty years ago , cured a woman of cancer by applying a septic dressing .
tr	NNS	Would her new guardian welcome the wolves and the unicorns ?
tr	NN	" I 'll send you the file , but you have to protect my confidence . "
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to tense up when she realized it was Capella 's left hand that was caressing her face .
tr	NN	Cathal took the frame from him and dusted it down on his knee-length coat , placing it back upon the mantelpiece .
tr	NN	She made a brief , dismissive gesture .
tr	NN	" I need protection , Mother . "
tr	NN	Mr. Marin twirled the pen between his fingers .
tr	NNS	Claire filled buckets with food and water and placed them inside the outbuilding .
tr	NNS	The hospital had more patients than it could handle .
tr	NNS	He threw crates of tea into the harbour .
tr	NN	Six months of nothing but my own unflinching blackness , my relentless disgust over what I 'd done .
tr	NN	Together , they could make their own fate .
tr	NN	" I could retire and buy a condo in Miami . "
tr	NN	she asked , siding with his attorney .
tr	NN	She unwrapped the soap , as if she was a fat kid with a candy bar .
tr	NNS	She grabbed the wires underneath the dash .
tr	NNS	I know yer man 's drivin ' cattle and you 're alone .
tr	NNS	" Yes , well , I 've officially given up reading magazines . "
tr	NNS	He threw aside some odd bits of metal tangled in a knot .
tr	NNS	But tomorrow I will make some enquiries .
tr	NN	Then they saw a status update from September first , and shivered .
tr	NNS	I inhaled , my bruised ribs and the stink of piss forgotten .
tr	NN	Once I would have known every detail .
tr	NN	They remember digging with their strong claws , discovering older tunnels that led them into this endless forest , freed at last .
tr	NNS	Though she 'd lived on campus , she 'd spent weekends with Tony and Janine .
tr	NN	No wormhole technology . "
tr	NNS	" These hands have long fingernails and suddenly they just start ripping at your hair and your face .
tr	NN	I can hear his sincerity .
tr	NNS	" But I don 't think dirty mouths like yours deserve treats like that . "
tr	NNS	He threw around terms like negative liberty and quoted Hobbes .
tr	NNS	" We could pair up the dogs with the bachelors . "
tr	NNS	" Before you came here , I ate eleven of them . "
tr	NNS	I have ten new designs for our newest action figure line -- " " You don 't have to worry about that .
tr	NNS	' Twyla draws houses like that .
tr	NNS	Molecules were flying millions and millions of miles a second between the two of them .
tr	NNS	She still spread the reports out on her desk and went through the numbers .
tr	NNS	The little boy , Hanif , is shooting daggers at me with his eyes -- all of us actually .
tr	NNS	The girl was making little gasping noises and he looked down at her .
tr	NNS	We would also need supplies and arms to be stored here in the wilderness . "
tr	NNS	He 's wearing flip flops , worn jeans , and a faded Titans sweatshirt .
tr	NNS	The girl gave the boy directions .
tr	NNS	" You take bugs outside , flirt like a wicked woman , dress like a lady , and make love with your whole being . "
tr	NNS	Mary Jo had purchased the ingredients , but when she reached home , she realized she didn 't have circular cake pans .
tr	NN	Chapter Four Hearing Burnett speak lessened the emotional lump in Kylie 's throat .
tr	NNS	" You know , I don 't get you , Special Commander . "
tr	NNS	They had never seen photographs of themselves .
tr	NN	Then I saw the rope for the bell and pulled hard on it .
tr	NN	He brought the bowls to the kitchen .
tr	NN	We 're having pork roast , green beans , and creamed corn . "
tr	NNS	Surely there must be hidden cameras somewhere ?
tr	NN	Yes , with each sandstorm comes the inevitable Cleaning of the Solar Cells .
tr	NN	She knew the drill and she was an intelligent woman .
tr	NN	Delilah wore her standard outfit ; black jeans and boots , black leather gloves , and a long black leather duster .
tr	NN	I heard the clamor of the remaining Marsh tribe in the distance .
tr	NNS	He flipped his palms up .
tr	NN	I hated that magazine .
tr	NNS	" Then why use the experts ? "
tr	NNS	In fact we have had many meetings about it for the past month or so but the situation remains unresolved .
tr	NNS	Had mastered her powers .
tr	NN	Affairs in Ireland were never far from Sullivan 's thoughts , the conclusion of the Parnell trial revealing a disaster for the Irish people .
tr	NNS	" Distant relations . "
tr	NN	I speak their language .
tr	NNS	Some see color forms and shapes .
tr	NNS	I even organized my sisters since my mom is kinda scattered .
tr	NN	She picks up a handful of dollars and throws them up in the air , then falls back on the bed .
tr	NNS	" You have just made all my points , Ethan .
tr	NNS	She left the stillness of the lake .
tr	NNS	Dec gave Sean a thumbs up .
tr	NN	She scanned the index .
tr	NN	On a glass table , a flock of pigeons attacked an abandoned muffin .
tr	NN	My family owes him a great debt .
tr	NN	I clicked the padlock on the hatch boards and walked up to the parking lot .
tr	NNS	She wore tailored black slacks and carried a black suede blazer over one shoulder .
tr	NNS	Something Lissa touched , Ashe replied mentally .
tr	NN	Already their conversations lacked usual easy-going banter because of his guilt .
tr	NNS	Still hesitant about whether I should play the hero of Mrs. Waterson , I wiped my clammy palms against my jeans .
tr	NNS	How could Nina train dogs to stay in purses when she couldn 't train Tutu in the basics ?
tr	NN	Jack gleaned a strong impression of distance .
tr	NNS	I 'm merely pointing out the benefits of a true alliance between us .
tr	NNS	His appreciation for the man 's integrity moved up a few notches .
tr	NN	I gave him a pat on the shoulder .
tr	NNS	Stop interrupting and listen , my people ! "
tr	NNS	He served three full terms .
tr	NN	Only one person could have designed the outfit , at first glance utterly utilitarian , at second a work of art .
tr	NN	She 'll find out who among the cast is available for an interview and e-mail me the research material .
tr	NN	Straining his ears , he heard the tiny crackle and pop as the chips melted .
tr	NN	He saw the sorrow in her eyes , and he knew that she understood what hadn 't yet been said .
tr	NNS	Now he smuggled Shifters anywhere in the country they wanted to go .
tr	NN	My mother drops her pen .
tr	NNS	Our office space spans several floors of the John Hancock Building so tracking me down would be near impossible .
tr	NNS	The oracle is calling the shots on this one . "
tr	NN	Besides , I can 't see her choosing to turn into one of them . "
tr	NN	I can 't lose her ; I mean , I can 't lose the possibility of her .
tr	NNS	Ironic , considering the disrespect your institutions have given females . "
tr	NN	Jack was delivering pizza to me and my professor .
tr	NN	I had an inheritance from my grandparents and gambled every cent on starting my own business .
tr	NN	I signed o and walked toward my brother 's room .
tr	NNS	Jack flicked his reins , and Ezra followed .
tr	NN	I know the drill .
tr	NNS	" His political connections are building allied armies so large that the balance of power is growing out of balance .
tr	NN	He found the clutter to be extremely unpleasant .
tr	NN	Lily picked up a vase sitting on the small coffee table in the center of the room .
tr	NNS	" Where did you get all those precious metals ? "
tr	NNS	I needed new clients way more than I needed the distraction of a man .
tr	NN	I 've been drinking a contraceptive brew for a few weeks now . "
tr	NN	She 's pulled off a coup or two in New York , and you know how competitive they are up there .
tr	NN	He received an honorable discharge .
tr	NNS	Finn and Deke exchanged greetings and money , and then we all left Deke at the door to venture down the dark hallway .
tr	NN	He hated school but I loved it , I loved the learning about new things , the mental challenges . "
tr	NNS	' Verse one is about you guys not taking yourselves too seriously .
tr	NNS	Anna grinned hugely , sprang around the desk and wrapped Jackson up in a hard hug .
tr	NNS	She gathers our mostly full cups and dumps the tea down the drain .
tr	NNS	It would take one plague or virus to decimate entire sub-sectors and turn Beta Sector into a giant kill zone .
tr	NN	" I 've got a sweet tooth . "
tr	NN	It might stop the bleeding for a while , but ultimately the wound will still be there . "
tr	NN	" We 'll have a barbecue together . "
tr	NN	He probably couldn 't see the gesture with his eyes covered .
tr	NNS	He returned his attentions to the crew .
tr	NNS	He added , " The waters to the south and east are not friendly , with many islands without anchorage and reefs just below the surface . "
tr	NN	She felt the blood drain from her face as realization suddenly hit her like punch to the stomach .
tr	NNS	I heard a hiss of static , and a cough .
tr	NNS	I don 't have nightmares when I 'm with you .
tr	NN	In that gesture , I catch a glimpse of something shiny on his finger .
tr	NNS	Walker would only take items that he found in the trash .
tr	NN	Her breathy laughter sent a shaft of heat straight to the region south of his belt buckle .
tr	NNS	Leading the way to the kitchen , he picked some sample blocks of wood up from the bar .
tr	NNS	They don 't take back their coins because it 's your fountain , and they wouldn 't dream of going against Miss Mary .
tr	NN	As he and Reece strolled down the corridor , she felt the exhaustion of the past week set in .
tr	NNS	" They build houses ? "
tr	NN	She had an empty quiver hung over her shoulder and a hunting dagger strapped to a leather belt at her waist .
tr	NNS	He leaned inches in front of her face .
tr	NNS	Go scrub your nasty pits .
tr	NN	The pilot came over the speaker and told everyone to prepare for takeoff .
tr	NN	The tear that rolled down her face caused a lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	The stylist had done wonders with her hair and suggested she color it .
tr	NN	" Before we begin our ongoing , enthralling discussion of solving equations with an unknown variable , we have a rare treat . "
tr	NN	Perhaps you 'd have the goodness to tell me , then .
tr	NN	and all that silly groaning .
tr	NNS	She could hear heavy footfalls as he pounded into each of the three bedrooms and the bathroom that made up the first floor .
tr	NN	It caused hardly a ripple in public life but it gave Edward bad dreams .
tr	NNS	I should 've checked my surroundings .
tr	NNS	Said glands dumped specific hormones into his blood designed to stimulate and raise a designated organ to greet the occasion .
tr	NNS	Nicolas blocked out all audience stares .
tr	NN	I didn 't miss the scowl on his face as soon as Dominic mentioned my name .
tr	NN	I wouldn 't want her reputation to be hurt by attending these functions without my ring on her finger .
tr	NN	He had a sharpened number two pencil in his hand and filled in a line on his crossword puzzle without ever looking up at me .
tr	NNS	She flung acid balls at me , I tossed Ice daggers back at her .
tr	NN	He had that effect on woman .
tr	NN	Preston leveled the crossbow at my face , and for a second I thought he was going to pul the trigger .
tr	NN	He also only triggered the blast after fully evacuating the building .
tr	NN	" If you do it again I 'll give you another dozen ... no ... two dozen eggs . "
tr	NNS	I thanked the heavens that I saw no such thing .
tr	NNS	The audience held breathless .
tr	NNS	I can 't avoid politics by ignoring it .
tr	NN	She gave them a withering glare .
tr	NN	He tossed the plastic fork into the disposable tray and snapped shut the tray lid .
tr	NN	She bit back the urge to cry harder , louder .
tr	NN	Taylor was suddenly beside me , holding out a hand towel .
tr	NN	It 's practically giving me a complex , how good you are at this . "
tr	NNS	" Your magical powers . "
tr	NN	Then I triggered a fresh flow of digestive juices into his stomach .
tr	NN	They build their own furniture and grow their own food .
tr	NN	He deftly picked a slice with his chopsticks .
tr	NN	I even studied this diagram in Seventeen that gave tips on how to get them in , but I can 't figure out the logistics .
tr	NNS	Deni grasped the handlebars .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want a visit , I want some supplies . "
tr	NNS	I glared poisoned daggers at him and he gave me a weak smile .
tr	NNS	Safran and Arian could hear the shots , but were unsure of how to respond .
tr	NN	Max noticed my demeanor .
tr	NNS	Despite all of my rationalization I still had lingering doubts which I expressed to Rebekah that night at the dinner table .
tr	NN	I only got a quick glimpse of it , so I was unsure of what it was .
tr	NN	He added a dash of milk and a teaspoon of sugar .
tr	NNS	Let 's get her powers back .
tr	NN	I heard a moan from my brother 's room .
tr	NN	The commercials , on the other hand , had a strange effect on her anxiety symptoms .
tr	NNS	She allowed the stillness of nature to seep into her mind .
tr	NN	" Deputy , I have an update for you . "
tr	NN	Ray had a unique style for an FBI agent .
tr	NNS	Finally I peeled back the layers and was able to lean into the tiny space .
tr	NNS	" Three hundred dollars ? "
tr	NN	His voice on the greeting made her shudder with need and fold with despair at the same time .
tr	NNS	We 've got the same issues in London .
tr	NN	They applied the language of struggle and conflict .
tr	NN	I almost dropped dread .
tr	NN	Cade held the o , trailing off suggestively .
tr	NN	I recognized her style , her brushwork , everything .
tr	NNS	They raised their cups and drank .
tr	NN	After several seconds , he looked at the others and said , " They 're ordering a full evacuation to the underground facilities . "
tr	NNS	How shall any tower withstand such numbers and such reckless hate ?
tr	NN	I swallowed my terror , wondering if we should abandon the plan now and get the hell out .
tr	NNS	Someone is pulling the covers back off of my head .
tr	NN	" You can tell your cousin the estate would be released from that debt . "
tr	NNS	A little restoration would do wonders , just like the mansion .
tr	NNS	I warn you , I have ulterior motives .
tr	NNS	" Three billion dollars . "
tr	NN	He should just carry around a recording and play it when he talks to people .
tr	NNS	" Two great sons . "
tr	NNS	She held two ice packs between her hands ; she was actually able to watch as her skin healed itself .
tr	NNS	" We had a few business meals here , but that 's all .
tr	NNS	Quinn took a compass reading for the direction of the cliff and checked the time , storing the information it in his memory .
tr	NNS	As he waited for the call to go through , he pulled back the drapes and discovered Seattle spread beneath him .
tr	NN	We made homemade pizza in the little kitchenette .
tr	NN	A simple , black belt secures the cloth about his waist , the shirt dangling just above his knees over his baggy , black pants .
tr	NNS	" We have clients , not accounts . "
tr	NNS	He lacks many social skills . "
tr	NN	He tore down his bungalow and used the timbers to fashion a rudimentary dinghy .
tr	NNS	I 'm taking new medications now and they seem to be helping . "
tr	NNS	And so did the ghosts .
tr	NN	He bit back a growl .
tr	NNS	She 'd coiled her thin braids into an elegant twist .
tr	NNS	" I don 't need excuses ! "
tr	NNS	She would rather have chopped vegetables or grated cheese .
tr	NNS	" They can tell you dimensions and chemical constructions , but to learn how a lifeform functions one must watch it actually living .
tr	NN	How to take out the clip of bullets , and how to check for a bullet in the chamber .
tr	NNS	I gathered those currents into a single pulsating rope and then whipped it toward the stone statue in the room .
tr	NNS	Randall handed the coats over to the attendant and turned .
tr	NN	Looked like jealousy to me . "
tr	NNS	I had my goggles on my head and no excuse not to start swimming but I wanted to wait anyway .
tr	NN	Practical jokes nobody but him thought were funny , right ? "
tr	NNS	He rubbed her breasts , down her belly and even in between her legs .
tr	NN	He pulled off her gag and blindfold and the ropes and chains that bound her .
tr	NN	" You would have some privacy .
tr	NN	I handed him the ink pen I 'd brought with me and said , " The places for you to sign and initial are clearly marked . "
tr	NN	He hurriedly put his briefcase in the back and climbed into the car .
tr	NNS	No wonder Del buys thrift shop suits .
tr	NNS	" Stick your coins in here and then choose your poison . "
tr	NN	" They have launched multiple craft to intercept you . "
tr	NNS	He spotted ox tracks and followed them into a very muddy spot , which was so spongy and wet it was almost like quicksand .
tr	NN	We all crawl up our own version of Calvary .
tr	NN	Like she 'd adopted a kitten from the pound .
tr	NN	I asked the waiter to bring me a small breakfast and a newspaper .
tr	NN	Don 't you see the resemblance ?
tr	NN	Thank goodness it wasn 't tornado season .
tr	NN	Maggie pointed south down the shoreline .
tr	NN	She tapped her polished fingernail against her teeth before smoothing out her shorts and taking a breath .
tr	NNS	She covered his palms with hers and their fingers entwined as one .
tr	NN	She checked the peephole first and was surprised to see Vickie Richardson .
tr	NN	From what I 'd witnessed , Hell could use a vast improvement in leadership .
tr	NN	Whether it was cradling her hand in the bend of his elbow , or circling her waist with an arm , he 'd communicated possession and protection .
tr	NN	I deserve no pity .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs at me , and then screamed as my blade found his balls .
tr	NNS	You handled yourselves like true agents .
tr	NNS	Instead , he rubbed his palms together .
tr	NN	" Oh crap . "
tr	NNS	He definitely had issues with men in non-conformist positions , but he was nice .
tr	NN	Suddenly I stopped pacing .
tr	NNS	This brought uneasy murmurs for the crowd .
tr	NNS	" Since we know of the weakness of the north fortifications , we can concentrate our efforts there .
tr	NNS	Tate and Kevin had installed security cameras that showed the whole thing .
tr	NN	He gripped the sword 's hilt with cuffed hands .
tr	NNS	They could tolerate crowds , even transmit information through a handshake .
tr	NN	I just want the experiment to go well .
tr	NN	He recognized the Starlin insignia , an S with a chain in a circle around it .
tr	NN	We use the full capacity of our brains , or near to it .
tr	NNS	Just as that thought occurred to her she realized the mixed signals she would inevitably send .
tr	NNS	Chapter Seven I was pondering my discoveries about Ray when the doorbell rang .
tr	NN	She approached the structure , her heels sinking into the grass with each step .
tr	NN	" You don 't speak the language .
tr	NNS	Alarmed , I jerked back , breathless but feeling bright-eyed and exhilarated .
tr	NNS	I 'm still watching the missing persons reports , but nothing fits . "
tr	NNS	Some of his letters have black marks on them , but a lot of them don 't have any at all .
tr	NNS	But she had no more reserves of any kind .
tr	NNS	The moment feels timeless .
tr	NNS	They may simply not have reached our lands yet . "
tr	NN	She stopped her pacing and looked at him .
tr	NN	I don 't give a fuck about him .
tr	NN	Sam drew his grandpa waving from some clouds .
tr	NN	Walking back to the guitar case , he took his apron off over his head and tossed it on another empty table .
tr	NNS	With a smile , she threw the seeds across the garden .
tr	NN	You got your revenge .
tr	NNS	I don 't feel coals in my stomach , or the bruising in my heart .
tr	NNS	He sets his cards gingerly on the corner of the counter and straightens the edges so they are flush , then scrambles to the silverware drawer .
tr	NN	He hoists the rifle up to show them .
tr	NN	And Savannah didn 't need saving .
tr	NN	" Busted my butt all through high school .
tr	NN	We shall need a wagon .
tr	NN	" He can hit a snake from ten yards away .
tr	NNS	A psychotic male had fired several shots from his bedroom window at a group of unsuspecting Jehovah 's Witnesses after they rang his doorbell .
tr	NN	he asks her skeptically .
tr	NN	He could never leave the farm , or Stillwater .
tr	NNS	When you ran to me and hid during the fire , you broke the terms of the pact .
tr	NNS	He noted two figures in street clothes who ducked out of sight as he had stopped .
tr	NN	The sky is threatening raid , the clouds grey and ominous .
tr	NN	" It doesn 't breathe oxygen . "
tr	NN	Tara stood up a little straighter and lowered her sickles some , " Tell me , why do you fight for him ?
tr	NN	Different clicks of his tongue gave Mister a different command .
tr	NN	" Then your father could have flown this aircraft ? "
tr	NNS	Diana puts coins on the bar .
tr	NNS	Did you bring any sandwiches ? "
tr	NNS	Then everything came down at once : walls caving in , ceilings collapsing , big blocks of stone crashing down into the jungle .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of her husband and at once a bright smile flashed , a mask that she donned for his benefit .
tr	NNS	Certainly he would take no chances with that .
tr	NNS	" Take heed , Balan . "
tr	NN	" Can you control your jaguar ? "
tr	NNS	" The agent retrieved a few items of interest , but nothing that looks useful .
tr	NNS	His hands cupped her breasts while he pressed against her buttocks , deliberately showing her the fullness of his desire .
tr	NNS	" I love ships , and water , and the travel opportunities . "
tr	NNS	We 're killing two birds with one stone . "
tr	NN	Across the room , I see Dax 's mouth tightening and his nostrils flaring in annoyance .
tr	NNS	You proved yourselves to be quite resourceful .
tr	NN	They left the pier a few minutes later , discarded their Styrofoam cups and continued strolling down the busy sidewalk until they reached Waterfront Park .
tr	NN	Within five minutes they were sitting Jimmy 's lab , sipping hot chocolate with Libby , Sheen , Carl , and Cindy .
tr	NNS	Out along the pier , workers are stacking the food crates right next to a little office where an inspector is typing up notes about the shipment .
tr	NN	The monster let out an affirmative growl .
tr	NN	Bren 's family owned the farm next to their land .
tr	NN	By the time we were sixteen , the ice cream and movies took a backseat to the boys .
tr	NNS	Then , noticing it would appear to be twelve for her , I flip the numbers .
tr	NN	I could feel the blood drain from my face .
tr	NN	He roared his outrage when he realized what those little bastards had done .
tr	NNS	I questioned priests in regard to some obscure details of the scriptures , searching for solutions to imagined problems .
tr	NN	Richard had won Stephan 's respect by refusing to accept financial backing for his restaurants and for allowing Maddy to continue to work at Andrade Global .
tr	NN	Do you have a pen ?
tr	NN	" We put your trunk in our extra room .
tr	NNS	Daniel had the torches brought closer to Jeremy and gently felt of his face and neck .
tr	NNS	' Two more shots .
tr	NN	He was speaking a foreign language .
tr	NNS	" You have first-degree burns in places on your hands and second-degree burns on your wrists .
tr	NNS	" Since when do you carry condoms ? "
tr	NNS	For some reason that gave me the cold shudders .
tr	NN	I have an appointment .
tr	NNS	I place the items on the counter .
tr	NNS	" I made a few contacts and found us a place to hide . "
tr	NN	I gave him a defiant glare , waiting for comments about watching one 's weight , high cholesterol , etc. .
tr	NN	When he was finished , he separated the blouse and pressed a warm , wet kiss to her stomach .
tr	NNS	She had numbers on her side yet ; she lost two of her most powerful sisters .
tr	NN	I filled the bathtub .
tr	NN	That she realised he was indeed holding a pistol ; dangling it idly in his right hand .
tr	NN	About five minutes away from our destination , the convoy passed an unidentified forward headquarters element .
tr	NN	" Give me a rough estimate .
tr	NNS	Hopefully , it will jump-start good sales for the month and my father won 't close Quail Mountain Books .
tr	NNS	Papers ignited only a scant few inches from where she sat .
tr	NNS	Didn 't take much since my fingers felt boneless .
tr	NN	What better way to see the error of their ways than to walk a mile in mortal shoes ? "
tr	NN	I said a little prayer .
tr	NN	I didn 't understand this effect he had on me .
tr	NN	Adrienne caught a glimpse of Paul 's smile as she went on .
tr	NNS	" I know a guy , " she said slyly .
tr	NNS	The upper floors of the main building , above the great hall , housed the classrooms and the library .
tr	NN	She mentioned the first salad her eyes were able to focus on , then closed her menu .
tr	NNS	She 'd soon see the benefits of the plan he had in mind .
tr	NN	She popped open her umbrella and headed for Pioneer Square .
tr	NNS	" The Darkness has fangs .
tr	NNS	She felt dizzy , and she couldn 't seem to get her breath .
tr	NNS	Louisa had convinced Cyrus that they both had too much work to take a vacation .
tr	NNS	I got a few texts , sent a few -- birthdays , Christmas -- you know that .
tr	NNS	And it doesn 't all stay dead , Scores . "
tr	NN	The name had her pausing .
tr	NNS	But Renna had learned her skills in the tenements , and the last thing she was worried about was form or looking pretty .
tr	NN	She could hear his breathing quicken and feel the electricity flowing between them .
tr	NNS	He laughed and flicked the reins , sending everyone into a backward sway .
tr	NNS	That being mentioned , I did enjoy its other abilities like flight and color morphing .
tr	NNS	Chapter Ten WAY # 82 : Honor your ancestors .
tr	NNS	Said they deserved something tasty for all that early morning effort .
tr	NNS	" Don 't forget the astronomy clubs , the vid gamers , and the dungeons and dragons crowd . "
tr	NNS	How can I know his motives , his intent ? "
tr	NN	I was still feeling a bit dizzy , but I pulled away and headed out of the classroom .
tr	NNS	He patted the mattress beside him .
tr	NNS	They paid us five thousand dollars . "
tr	NN	She blamed her fatigue for her failure .
tr	NN	" So take your teen angst somewhere else , and cut the girl some slack . "
tr	NN	I checked my email , suddenly curious about Jem .
tr	NNS	He could hear his quiet footfalls echoing off the buildings .
tr	NN	She took a careful step backwards , but it was jerked and quick .
tr	NN	The simple cut of the gown highlighted the perfection of her body and her generous curves .
tr	NNS	She steadies her heaving breaths by opening her gills , allowing both organs to work simultaneously .
tr	NNS	It had a couple chunks of ice in it , but I sucked on them until they melted .
tr	NNS	Melissa and Mark were carrying boards and large branches from one end of the yard to the other .
tr	NN	The blast violently rocks the cameraman , causing him to drop the camera , which continues filming .
tr	NN	Out of the corner of my eye I spot an oversized Bessie .
tr	NN	" How good of a friend did you say this dragon was ? "
tr	NNS	Her fingers barely left dents in the hard flesh .
tr	NNS	Humans invented steam engines and central heating .
tr	NN	I grabbed a towel from the peg on the wall and dried off , getting a little dizzy when I bent over to do my legs .
tr	NNS	A few large manufacturers moved their operations out of North America all together .
tr	NNS	I could barely make out two figures in an awkward position on the bed .
tr	NNS	He opened the door a few inches and peered into the darkness .
tr	NN	His words confirmed the admiration she read in his eyes .
tr	NNS	When we 're done , I clean up the plates , Harlin watching me silently .
tr	NN	Emotion wreaked havoc on me .
tr	NN	I 'd just learned a lesson and I didn 't need to forget it .
tr	NN	Then they took the cramped servants ' staircase , which caused a laborious ascent hampered by Elizabeth 's panniers .
tr	NNS	She noticed items scattered along the skinny shores of the stream .
tr	NNS	She wiped her palms on her jeans and closed the distance between them .
tr	NNS	" I count twenty-four different ingredients .
tr	NNS	SFO Dunne was now leading the two remaining members of the squad .
tr	NNS	The vampire snaps his fangs at me .
tr	NN	But in doing so , Zeus had unwittingly sprung his own trap upon himself .
tr	NNS	The wind howled my sentiments , twisting through his hair and loose clothes , ripping the ends .
tr	NN	The other woman wore a hospital gown like her .
tr	NNS	Direct interaction between those of the East and those of the Red now replaced the campfire meetings with those of the Forest .
tr	NNS	Among the containers and jars of oils and lotions , Yolanda located two bottled mineral waters .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of her face as she fell ; her nose was bleeding , eyes shutting tightly in pain .
tr	NNS	Working up the courage to stand and face the mirror , I immediately spotted two distinct round marks across my jugular .
tr	NN	The Gilbert blocked with his arm took out the rifle and shot it on the air .
tr	NNS	I 'd had enough rich clients to know the taste of someone who had always had money .
tr	NNS	When will I see my two babies ? "
tr	NN	The wealthy nations followed their initial timing .
tr	NNS	The statue itself was undergoing renovations , so we had to stick to exploring the outside .
tr	NN	She put her pen down and faced him .
tr	NN	I pulled out the statue of the weeping man , " Who was he ? "
tr	NNS	Jean-Pierre supplied genuine ingredients for the practiced , discerning buyer , and his family had been in the business since almost the inception of the city .
tr	NN	Reid unlocked the estate and threw the keys at me .
tr	NN	I paused at the entrance , he noticed and signalled his captains ' goodnight .
tr	NN	James 's raised eyebrows almost touched his hairline .
tr	NN	Pia felt a sensation like emotional vertigo .
tr	NNS	But before I could turn my head I heard three loud knocks .
tr	NN	One lifted his head and spat a mouthful of blood .
tr	NNS	My imagination was playing tricks on me .
tr	NN	Just for a second he 'd had a glimpse of what his life had been before ; then the door had closed again .
tr	NN	You haven 't even tried her communicator , yet .
tr	NNS	My pulse ratcheted up a few more notches .
tr	NNS	I endured four new foster families until the age of ten .
tr	NN	when I nodded my head , he continued , " So I heard a rumor that you like saved his life this weekend ? "
tr	NN	As the rock silences the sea , the One in one silences the universe .
tr	NNS	I pushed Alexis off of me and raised Omega to strike again .
tr	NN	" Roseburg and Tigard are nearing full capacity .
tr	NNS	" I have just made arrangements to purchase the forth victims head .
tr	NN	Janelle put the backpack down with a thud and leaned against the bus window .
tr	NNS	Their parents are always making excuses for them . "
tr	NN	I fought the urge to run in the other direction the moment I realized who it was .
tr	NN	Another driver gave her a thumbs-up , and she laughed out loud as the wind rushed through her hair .
tr	NNS	" He couldn 't convince the local news stations that he actually had something , so he had to go the Internet route .
tr	NNS	The editor would make serious efforts to boss around him but with little success .
tr	NNS	We have received several reports from motels around the Salt Lake valley that Mr. Parsons is seeking lodging for the night .
tr	NNS	I had the cigarettes , but if I couldn 't light them , I couldn 't smoke them .
tr	NN	' I 've had some instruction as a physician , and I think the condition can be corrected . '
tr	NNS	How many floors does it have ?
tr	NNS	White pedestals held spectacular arrangements of red roses .
tr	NN	Diana and her fellow pirates had made a successful first impression .
tr	NN	When I managed to free my wrist , I wiped a patch on the mirror , holding my breath .
tr	NNS	Pulling off his boxers .
tr	NNS	Watching Rachel type on the computer keyboard , Kara placed their coffees on the desk and sat down beside her .
tr	NNS	He was studying their reports .
tr	NNS	We were sitting ducks .
tr	NNS	He doubled his efforts , but already his heart was sinking .
tr	NN	Tucker headed southeast , hedging his bet , ready to cut the man off if necessary .
tr	NN	Jack handed her another opalescent gem from inside of his collar .
tr	NN	He simply slammed his trident against the sandy sea floor .
tr	NN	" I haven 't checked my e-mail . "
tr	NN	" I know the definition , but what does it mean in your world . "
tr	NNS	Echo 's heart skipped several beats .
tr	NNS	I got the cats from her . "
tr	NN	Alone inside the fourth floor nurse 's washroom she examined the vial in her hand .
tr	NNS	" I have some T-shirts and sweats you can wear .
tr	NNS	" I missed you , J. " He 's still studying the mats .
tr	NNS	He had made arrangements for Steve to bring a laundry basket up to the restaurant kitchen in five minutes .
tr	NN	She ignored his skepticism .
tr	NNS	He didn 't need sons .
tr	NN	Penny looked a little bewildered but hugged Cassidy back .
tr	NN	So you could attribute her slight recovery to the ... .
tr	NN	I brought this doom on myself , poisoning my system through pleasurable excess .
tr	NN	" Our ambassadors have secretly been approaching every nation on the planet .
tr	NNS	Though he didn 't dish details about being overseas , the look on his face and tone of his voice spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	" From my superiors . "
tr	NNS	He had several broken ribs and a broken arm .
tr	NN	He blew out the candle and was just crossing the room when he saw a dark shape standing inside one of the open French doors .
tr	NN	" She just wants his affection , his love , maybe a little attention .
tr	NN	He felt the prick of splinters , the whoosh of bigger pieces flying right over him .
tr	NN	They packed a picnic basket with food and drinks and grabbing the fur blanket Odin had sent them , they headed out for another day of eavesdropping .
tr	NN	I took a hot bath and had some tea .
tr	NN	Then she was pulling the needle out .
tr	NNS	I had visions of Jeff Goldblum in The Fly literally molting out of his own skin , and shuddered .
tr	NN	It had an orange kitten on it .
tr	NN	His taxi dashboard featured an impressive collection of Buddhist items including several statues and garlands of flowers .
tr	NN	The wooden door slamming vibrated the whole hut .
tr	NN	The upholstery smelled faintly of cigarette smoke , but I didn 't care .
tr	NNS	His big hands cupped my ribs and he flipped me over , placing a shirt under my head .
tr	NN	We can share a slice if you want . "
tr	NNS	Of course , I had no ties to the real world anymore , so nobody noticed I was having a tragic epiphany .
tr	NN	I 'm returning the favor . "
tr	NNS	Sven stood and introduced the six other Board members seated along one side of the table .
tr	NNS	Deni sensed other Shifters in yards and on porches down the street coming alert , watching too .
tr	NNS	We also found some beautiful wool rugs to scatter through the house .
tr	NN	She quickly scanned the code , and shrugged .
tr	NNS	" I need drugs , now ! "
tr	NNS	He knew his rights .
tr	NNS	Charlie ignored the wide-eyed stares of the TAs in the room and went back to the storage room .
tr	NN	She took a peek at the clock .
tr	NNS	He pulled a brown compass out of the bag .
tr	NNS	She caressed her breasts and then lower down her stomach still looking at me .
tr	NN	" Oh the Queen of the garden . "
tr	NNS	" They pluck the babes from their ma 's cracks and gnaw on their arms and legs .
tr	NNS	" Tell Lois that we 'll be dining in this evening . "
tr	NNS	She wore a bright yellow sundress that swirled at her ankles .
tr	NNS	He played his instincts and went left .
tr	NN	You appreciated my dedication to the boy , even though he wasn 't my biological son .
tr	NN	The Steel Ministry forbids the worship of anyone but the Lord Ruler , and the Inquisitors have quite diligently destroyed hundreds of religions .
tr	NNS	" Hey , hey , " Jeremy said , " not all geniuses lack social skills . "
tr	NNS	I toss the covers off .
tr	NNS	Arjuna then made a few arm movements loosely associated with helpful stretching .
tr	NNS	I remembered bits and pieces of the fight .
tr	NNS	Someone sitting on the ground a hundred yards away .
tr	NN	" Hmm , an exquisite specimen really . "
tr	NNS	Adel is startled and almost trips over his suitcase .
tr	NNS	Perez had no false illusions .
tr	NNS	Thon connected the wires to the battery and a boom rocked the large buildings on the other side of the barricade .
tr	NNS	My gaze fixes on a small splotch of blood on the collar of his pale blue shirt .
tr	NN	A shiver ran up my spine .
tr	NNS	He must have some doubts about me . "
tr	NN	Being a vineyard scion explained Alex 's privileged manner , his style of dress and maybe the reason he 'd been up at the river .
tr	NN	" It means lily . "
tr	NN	Holding the necklace in her palm , Rema fingered the heart-shaped red ruby diamond and the cylindrical shaft of solid gold .
tr	NNS	Ripe blossoms and rich soils , trees I couldn 't begin to even name , and enough flowers to start a botanical garden .
tr	NN	There went that Mother of the Year Award .
tr	NN	' Well if you know this place well , then I 'll trust your judgement . '
tr	NNS	Alexander mumbled his apologies for his delay and keeping them waiting .
tr	NN	A Harpy tossed a large chunk of thigh toward the pack .
tr	NN	His stability finally earthed her misery .
tr	NNS	It made his shots less powerful , but also less painful .
tr	NN	May it pass unto another ! "
tr	NN	Kropp set his rifle down and took off his helmet and coat .
tr	NN	I took my helm off hand and leaned towards him .
tr	NN	She had that effect on most things .
tr	NN	" You have done a great deed for us today .
tr	NN	No matter what you do or have done , he should have more self-control than to have slapped you . "
tr	NN	Spencer selected a cracker and took a big bite .
tr	NN	He spent the late winter and early spring in this hut as long as the sheep were lambing .
tr	NN	He lowered his boot to the mud and wracked his brain for her name .
tr	NN	Tate opened a drawer in the small cabinet next to the door .
tr	NNS	Remember , she has my brains . "
tr	NN	Put a little attitude in your look .
tr	NN	Charlotte separated her ponytail down the middle and yanked it tighter .
tr	NNS	It had connections to Nate and my eldest daughter , but for some reason it didn 't trigger any scenes of my old life .
tr	NN	" If the stress of your job is too much for you , perhaps you should delegate more responsibility to others . "
tr	NNS	Letting someone else take the reins and lead the way .
tr	NNS	As I watched , Nettie added stripes to the stockings .
tr	NNS	Fear often guided the actions of even well-meaning people .
tr	NNS	" Bury my insults wherever you want .
tr	NN	" To what do we owe the privilege ? "
tr	NN	She hit her knee lunging for it on the counter .
tr	NNS	" And you checked all the buildings ?
tr	NN	Lachlan MacLeod had recorded his courtship of the beautiful Erin Dalrymple in the Chronicles .
tr	NNS	Had they had families ?
tr	NNS	Silence meets my efforts .
tr	NN	The Leopard tapped the man 's bicep , where the ten of spades was branded into his skin .
tr	NN	Aside from an antenna on top of the house , she held the only other lightning rod around .
tr	NN	He opened the file again and peered at the page .
tr	NNS	He touched the pages gently , as if with affection , but he was holding the book upside down .
tr	NNS	If I hear it , you will be cleaning the chamber pots of those ' scraps . '
tr	NNS	As she lathered up with a bar of Old English soap , her palms marked the areas she wished Mikey was able to caress .
tr	NNS	Crap , I obviously still have my teen hormones and need to lose them fast .
tr	NN	But if we are to convince the police that Matthew Voss didn 't kill himself because of financial difficulties , we need proof .
tr	NN	The man folded his magazine under his arm and strolled off without hesitation .
tr	NNS	Breaking condoms , but that hadn 't happened .
tr	NNS	I find my wits now and rush to him .
tr	NNS	Filled their pockets with their vassals ' money .
tr	NNS	" I need land mines and wires .
tr	NN	He 'd seen an animal cage , but didn 't question its presence until the dead squirrel was found hanging from the tree .
tr	NN	I would allow destiny to carry my feet forward , or not ... so I ended up choosing to wait outside the entrance . "
tr	NNS	Other books state similar themes .
tr	NNS	The cashier took a few coins and gave her a token which she looked at blankly .
tr	NNS	Throw solutions for third apex circular differentials !
tr	NN	She swallowed , the ache in her heart growing .
tr	NN	She pulled off her blouse and undressed him and lay against him , every part of her needing to be touched by him .
tr	NNS	" She 's outside walking the dogs . "
tr	NN	" We 'll never get a warrant to search this place .
tr	NN	Instantly , Stanley 's career had new meaning .
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat and pulled my arm back .
tr	NN	Chills shot so fast down my spine I was surprised the pool didn 't ripple as they sped past the water line .
tr	NNS	Have you found any leads yet ? "
tr	NNS	The partners rolled their chairs in his direction , squeezing together in the process .
tr	NNS	If she truly believes I might be schizophrenic , why is she keeping tabs on me ?
tr	NNS	I 'd seen hotel suites like this in magazine and in movies , even in my fantasies , but not in person .
tr	NN	" What an incredibly healthy outlook on sexuality . "
tr	NNS	" I had a few fires to put out .
tr	NN	He simply hugged her back and said , " Come on , honey .
tr	NNS	Within an hour after close , we grabbed our coats .
tr	NNS	I read these tales as a child , of a queen who secluded herself to keep her people safe .
tr	NNS	He flipped the pages back to his beloved enchantress .
tr	NN	" You got a needle ? "
tr	NN	" Why do I get the impression you 're enjoying this ? "
tr	NN	" And he made this brew for me . "
tr	NN	She needed a hot bath before settling in .
tr	NN	" I 've already made my first impression and I think it was a good one . "
tr	NNS	Ever more improbable discoveries .
tr	NNS	The home he 'd spent centuries building , hiding and decorating .
tr	NN	Agent Williams quickly finished his sweep of the kitchen and exited through a rear door .
tr	NN	But the police hadn 't tested the rifle yet , Dad .
tr	NN	Somebody didn 't get the memo . "
tr	NN	Gillian tapped her foot impatiently against the hardwood floor .
tr	NNS	We still made the tunnels an hour before the sun went down , but I was filled with pessimism - Magda was in very poor shape .
tr	NNS	Holiday pressed her open palms on the desk .
tr	NNS	She would vacuum carpets until the end of time for more of these .
tr	NNS	The near gale force winds churned the incoming waters to a frenzy , culminating in thunderous crashing waves .
tr	NN	A PhD student in something useless ... journalism maybe . "
tr	NN	" Currently finalising assessment . "
tr	NNS	" Did you get any great shots ? "
tr	NN	He crumpled his napkin on the table and crossed his legs .
tr	NN	Chase made his disappearance .
tr	NN	" Sound the general evacuation .
tr	NN	She didn 't know every single chef in Europe .
tr	NN	She was reading a magazine that must have been extremely boring because she looked like she was about to fall asleep standing up .
tr	NNS	' From what I remember , he kicked both your butts . '
tr	NN	Someone had used a bulldozer to carve wide straight paths through it .
tr	NN	Two weeks later we were again facing a stubborn chief who helped as at first but in the end demanded to have the women for himself .
tr	NN	McBride could understand the farmer 's reluctance to shoot them in the barn , spattering the hay with blood and entrails .
tr	NNS	She 'd had only two lovers , and neither one had been enough for her to wish for a third .
tr	NN	I took the package from his hand and began ripping it open .
tr	NN	He took command so easily , his hips surging into hers , penetrating deep , dragging over inflamed nerve endings over and over .
tr	NNS	He had also invited playful bites from the tribe whenever he could .
tr	NNS	They took off our ties and shackles .
tr	NNS	No , she had never seen Pamela 's sons .
tr	NNS	Moreover , our school contained many floors with all the corridors appearing alike .
tr	NNS	Emma raised both empty palms in the air .
tr	NN	" I 've got a responsibility to Dad to make sure you are up for the boat trip .
tr	NN	We canvas the neighborhood and find out that little Riley was a social butterfly .
tr	NNS	The unknown vampire had his leathers all studded down the sides with large silver medallions .
tr	NN	Nothing at all like the quality of the tattoo on her back . "
tr	NN	Zane 's back hit the pavement , the weight of Ty 's body pinning him .
tr	NN	But I had begun the semester with a promise to be myself , and the real me was still a girl on a mission .
tr	NNS	I scanned the clubs for my friends and found them in Martina 's favourite dance club .
tr	NN	I feel an energy flow from the top of the line to the end of the circuit .
tr	NN	" She gave me quite the cold reception . "
tr	NNS	After all , according to myth , the god of life , Mundial created dragons to rule over all his creations . "
tr	NNS	At least that person probably already had great credentials or fantastic connections ; otherwise , they wouldn 't be working at the Landmark in the first place .
tr	NN	Time lost all meaning as their kisses grew more intense , their touches more intimate .
tr	NNS	He missed the necessary shots .
tr	NN	Apparently , Dante had a security detail assigned to me after all .
tr	NNS	Slowly , she took deeper breaths .
tr	NNS	The driver flicked the reins , and the coach rumbled forward .
tr	NN	He called the scientist back up .
tr	NN	" I 'll prepare the wagon so it can be defended from either bandits or Indians .
tr	NNS	With her fingers covered in chocolate , and dripping with raspberry sauce , she picked up the remains of Sylvia 's lobster .
tr	NNS	" Ladies and Gentlemen , we have just received multiple reports of several nuclear explosions occurring in both North and South Korea .
tr	NN	She already had a bath earlier .
tr	NN	I 'd had a knot of anxiety in my stomach all day that I 'd been trying to ignore .
tr	NNS	He let out a low hiss , wrapping his hand around my throat .
tr	NN	And it flared a hunger in her that almost brought her to her knees .
tr	NN	The doctor wore a wide black headband that looked very stark against her yellow hair .
tr	NNS	We check the scores and stats in the paper or follow them online .
tr	NN	He put down the ice cream and swung his legs down and sat up .
tr	NN	But I sure as hell learned my lesson that night .
tr	NN	" All here , " Wilbur pulled back a tarp covering the salvaged engine and the deflated but intact main wheels .
tr	NN	Like I say , nothing obviously useful like a baseball bat so unless I wanted to play some sports whilst I waited I was stuffed .
tr	NN	I cradle the gilded frame in my hands .
tr	NN	Did Pierce promise his son the internship ?
tr	NN	If he couldn 't respect himself , how could he expect respect from others ?
tr	NNS	You need hot dogs . "
tr	NNS	Her next intake of air , she caught their scents .
tr	NN	" What happened , honey ?
tr	NN	" Welcome to Pleasant Bay ... hey , that rhymes ! "
tr	NNS	We and our allies have identified substantial mutual interests .
tr	NNS	" He preferred cards and loose living to family life , and I barely saw him .
tr	NN	She made a quick prayer to the Aspect of Courage and started down the stairs .
tr	NN	My runners grip the moist soil and undergrowth as I push off toward a patch of trees only a few yards away .
tr	NNS	The burst of his heart shunned the two layers of cotton separating our bodies .
tr	NN	It had a tragic , plaintive quality as before .
tr	NNS	Do not take chances because you are his brother .
tr	NNS	I can feel the hairs on my neck sticking up . "
tr	NNS	Before going downstairs , she shoved several clean rags into her handbag .
tr	NN	Maggie folded her diagram and put it back into the notebook .
tr	NNS	I have some doubts !
tr	NN	Once a week , during the first two months , the whole family will give the dog a bath .
tr	NN	As he walked up to the driver 's side , he could smell the unmistakable pungent aroma of marijuana emanating from the truck cab .
tr	NN	He heard the harsh certainty in his own voice .
tr	NNS	A good mother would not put her own desires above those of her child .
tr	NNS	He could learn a ship 's systems in days , rather than weeks .
tr	NNS	Today 's ride in the park did wonders for your complexion .
tr	NN	She twirled another strand of hair around her finger .
tr	NN	" She didn 't have the greatest bedside manner , but she gave me some stuff to think about . "
tr	NNS	Next he took out the paint pots , and with cold , cruel deliberation , applied subtle color to his cheeks , eyes , and lips .
tr	NN	And she had the most arrogant dragon in the universe .
tr	NN	Herr 'D on coughed and spat , wiping the muck from his face and clothes .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 7 Clementine passed the public library 's main branch every day on her way to school , though she 'd never gone in before .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to throw a rock at him .
tr	NN	At any second she expected a hail of bullets to rip through the sides of her plastic container , turning her into Swiss cheese .
tr	NN	' I have a passport for you and a counterfeit DNA card to match . '
tr	NN	" The Angel grant me patience so I do not strangle him , and wisdom so I can talk some sense into his great fat head . "
tr	NN	The knowledge that his fiancee had been meeting secretly with another man would not bring him joy .
tr	NN	I pull my ponytail to the side so his view is unobstructed .
tr	NNS	She had seen too many babies like it at the camp .
tr	NN	I always get a sitter for Thursday 's since I have to go to the slams .
tr	NN	I 've already had a run-in with Dustin about the cost of the flowers .
tr	NN	Perhaps he supported restoration .
tr	NNS	She admired his biceps as he swung a sledge hammer onto some sort of wooden pole .
tr	NNS	Captain Bell flipped his night vision goggles up and flashed a broad smile .
tr	NNS	But so do adults !
tr	NNS	I 've been taking classes . "
tr	NNS	" Your sister has already signed the contracts . "
tr	NN	It illuminates a mosaic of dark blue tiles with constellations and planets laid out in silver across the ceiling .
tr	NNS	I drove my fangs into the servant 's throat , gulping down the warm , sweet blood .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to scratch away the flaking white paint .
tr	NN	You may not find such a warm reception .
tr	NNS	Min showed Lord Avery the inside chairs first .
tr	NNS	said Rufus , presenting the young miss to the T-Rex .
tr	NN	I felt my stomach twist and hollow as the priest climbed the stairs to the dais .
tr	NN	While the story is quite short , I like the role reversal and the character of the guard .
tr	NN	" I claim the mantle of the Sky .
tr	NN	He noticed a basket of assorted breads nearby and pulled out a fresh baguette .
tr	NNS	Were there synthetic life forms , like Gill and Hydra ?
tr	NNS	How did Keith support two families without either wife missing the funds he siphoned off ?
tr	NN	Jael still has the pistol he was playing with in Dina 's room , so he covers me .
tr	NNS	I took off my slacks .
tr	NNS	I skim the boring descriptions and peruse the bullet points of their powers .
tr	NNS	I slammed my palms into his chest .
tr	NNS	" You must 've learned some tricks over the years .
tr	NN	" When I was little , my dad made me a Belgian waffle we called Bob .
tr	NN	" Also , some who fled might have claimed the equipment of others .
tr	NNS	" She 'll need shots first , and a thorough exam .
tr	NN	" This guy has a complex .
tr	NN	' Change the Name .
tr	NNS	Collars were already coming off the weaker Shifters , the ones who couldn 't take the pain and couldn 't learn the techniques for control .
tr	NNS	We 're discussing Christmas arrangements here , not war .
tr	NNS	Completely shaken , I take several deep breaths to calm myself before turning around to face Ivy .
tr	NN	He popped the lid off the whiskey and poured Riley a good amount .
tr	NN	" Give me one sec . "
tr	NN	Ashe pulled the cap off the pen and settled in to write .
tr	NNS	They were still wearing the same uniforms they had been five years ago .
tr	NN	We never reported the confrontation with the Keeper or explained to Detective Mercer what happened to me in the Mist .
tr	NN	The cop doing most of the talking put away his notepad and pen .
tr	NN	The thought of revenge tickled Paul 's imagination .
tr	NNS	We would get supplies and walk through to the other side , see what the terrain was like , and make a plan from there .
tr	NNS	A quick look alleviated her fears .
tr	NNS	They were practicing two blocks and a counter .
tr	NN	His father quickly folded the cloth to extinguish it before slowly adding larger pieces of wood to catch the flame .
tr	NN	The thought made her stomach clench painfully and she tried to shove it aside .
tr	NNS	I have several writing utensils here on the desk . "
tr	NNS	When they finally joined together , she knew true bliss .
tr	NN	Apparently , he 's been petitioning his god to heal us . "
tr	NN	I don 't want anybody else dead because of it .
tr	NNS	Every minute or so he checked the monitors like he was a night watch protecting a vault loaded with stacks of bills .
tr	NN	And if we lied , we would say an extra prayer .
tr	NNS	They 'd been playing cards and rolling dice .
tr	NNS	Forget the adjustments in clothing , he 'd found more layers to this woman the past week than all those sweaters she used to wear .
tr	NNS	I 've been wandering the halls for over an hour . "
tr	NNS	The backs of the photos include addresses where one can find them .
tr	NNS	I could sense his suspicions rising .
tr	NNS	She normally did her deliveries at the end of her shift but there was a funeral she had to get her biggest order to .
tr	NN	Shannon hated the clear logic because it pierced through the emotional haze clouding her vision .
tr	NNS	I 've got clients that would clamor at the chance to buy this coin .
tr	NN	Kellan had a much more reliable tool at his disposal than ordinary intuition .
tr	NN	Lance pulled out a pen and looked down at the list in his hands .
tr	NNS	Shana was cutting her losses now , doing her best to accept the likely end of their brief romance and move forward .
tr	NNS	He still had serious suspicions over playing here .
tr	NNS	Fury 's brow lifted as Bride came around the corner , then reversed directions as more customers neared her boutique .
tr	NN	I have enough crap happening there to keep me busy for a while . "
tr	NNS	I added the ingredients in the right order , and we said the words .
tr	NN	He murmured a short prayer and focused on Nadia 's rapidly disappearing red taillight .
tr	NN	All the wisdom of the universe cannot match the alert willingness to dodge a violent blow .
tr	NNS	And despite their unique foresight , they lacked both the numbers and resources to alert the world and act on their knowledge .
tr	NN	When he heard the timer go off , he took the pizza , grabbed a beer and ate .
tr	NN	I felt the blood drain from my face .
tr	NNS	I just needed two more inches .
tr	NNS	We walked two blocks to the corner of Canal and St. Charles and hopped on the streetcar just as it got ready to pull away .
tr	NN	It swallows the oldest artifact on the planet and my future in archaeology with it ?
tr	NNS	My heart was skipping beats , and I couldn 't quite catch my breath .
tr	NN	If that were so , then as his doctor he had a duty to help him .
tr	NN	He tugged his Alpha away from the abused shed .
tr	NN	" Done , " said the sergeant , reluctantly .
tr	NN	For the first time in all the years she 'd sailed with him , he used his hefty frame to intimidate her .
tr	NNS	Psi heat stirred her senses .
tr	NNS	" Bob usually has some anchors from the ranch that he has set up beforehand for whatever time he wants to get back .
tr	NNS	I trusted my visions to get my scrolls into the intended hands .
tr	NNS	She even undid her frazzled braids and washed her hair in the bubbling stream .
tr	NNS	I had nightmares for weeks . "
tr	NNS	If he is , as you say , a god , one glimpse will set all our doubts at rest .
tr	NNS	" I 'll clear the dishes later . "
tr	NN	Soon , the movie reached its final frame , and silence filled the theater .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps you can impart some basic English skills to him .
tr	NNS	" With the Americans in charge of the Canal , they could stop ships in time of war . "
tr	NN	" But Lucy , " whined the impatient Adeline , a mere babe at seven years of age , from in front of her .
tr	NNS	He 'd liked the fierceness best .
tr	NNS	She didn 't need any more complications in her life .
tr	NN	He picked up a small towel that had been hanging to dry by the coffee pot and tried to soak up the coffee .
tr	NNS	Claire pushed weeds down and away from the plots to see .
tr	NNS	After wiping off the only table , Tara set their provisions down and searched the cupboard for cups .
tr	NNS	I zipped the pamphlets into my backpack and stepped into the hallway , thinking it was lucky I 'd kept that stupid elevator key after all .
tr	NN	" I don 't know anybody by that name . "
tr	NNS	When I felt confident I was alone , I closed the blinds and locked the door .
tr	NNS	I 've got twenty-five thousand dollars sunk in the stock market .
tr	NN	You 're hanging your whole scheme on the two who just left , and you only met them this morning .
tr	NNS	" They could prove valuable allies . "
tr	NNS	You 're paying us big bucks to look after your interests .
tr	NN	It was all about watching your opponent , watching for their weaknesses , and he 'd spent weeks watching Tae .
tr	NN	He raised the sail , saying , " I 'm sorry . "
tr	NNS	And in one simple step , he snatched away any chances of gaining entry to Sabrina 's life .
tr	NNS	" Did you lose cattle recently ? "
tr	NNS	I know your tricks .
tr	NN	Gem pulled the twin comforter from the floorboard , and turned to Trina .
tr	NNS	I pawed over the pages again , comparing the symbols to the English notes .
tr	NNS	It had apples and I felt at home with these two .
tr	NNS	I 've memorized dates for getting into clubs since the dawn of time .
tr	NN	She gave him the pistol .
tr	NN	Eve grabbed a hand basket by the door and moved to the prepaid phones hanging on an end cap .
tr	NNS	We had surveyed the first four floors with no luck .
tr	NNS	I regretted the babies inside me , and I thought , " I 'm sorry .
tr	NNS	It usually takes several brilliant men centuries of baby steps .
tr	NN	Her face showed a terrible scowl like a mask over her beautiful face .
tr	NN	He simply hadn 't had the capacity to love her right .
tr	NN	Instincts could rise up , unbidden , and had unfathomable rules of their own .
tr	NNS	" Just keep watching for as long as you can , my sisters . "
tr	NN	He could see the color sweep under her skin as she squeezed Antonietta 's hand and then rushed away .
tr	NNS	He turned back a few pages .
tr	NN	He placed the thick branch back inside the trunk .
tr	NN	" Yes , she was given sleeping powder of some kind . "
tr	NNS	He spotted some marshy areas along one of the river 's tributaries not too far off from the trail .
tr	NN	Then he turned a dial and pushed a button .
tr	NN	" I 'd offer you the bath , " she murmured , " but the water is certainly cold by now . "
tr	NN	I tossed the DVD player onto the cushion beside me and stood .
tr	NN	In the meantime , she would also write a missing person 's article for the next issue of the paper .
tr	NNS	" What have you been doing , takin cooking classes why you were out ? "
tr	NNS	She still has her energy balls .
tr	NN	They ricocheted off the bat and smashed against the wall with loud crunches .
tr	NNS	Maurice immediately attacked the dragons , which were approaching from all sides .
tr	NN	" So get packing . "
tr	NN	I gave it a slight shrug .
tr	NNS	Scratch marks on the white paint , rusty streaks .
tr	NNS	He has political connections everywhere .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths and tried to steady my nerves .
tr	NNS	She wasn 't taking any chances ; she didn 't want them more than arm 's length away from her .
tr	NNS	" Yes , dear , I will bring the coins to you in a moment . "
tr	NNS	" Morgan has played his cards carefully . "
tr	NN	I 've got equipment up here you 've never even heard of , and I 'll find you like that . "
tr	NN	When he 'd opened the door to her , her heart had given a little skip of joy .
tr	NN	Bader starts his decryption software which opens the laptop 's encrypted file system .
tr	NN	Why didn 't we just enter the coordinates in the first place , if you knew where we were going ? "
tr	NNS	" I have investments , and I own several corporations that make money mostly without my involvement .
tr	NNS	He took the plates and glasses inside , and I sat for a moment after he was gone , searching the sky for meteors .
tr	NNS	Split breasts or boneless ?
tr	NN	" You raised a hard worker , Stan .
tr	NNS	We don 't question your credentials .
tr	NNS	I can see robed members sitting around a table , having a discussion .
tr	NN	In fact , he 'd received more than a dozen of them that morning .
tr	NN	She lost consciousness a moment later , staring at the worried expression in Carlo 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Spiegel wants the picture rights , too .
tr	NNS	She had female acquaintances , but never a confidante her own age , outside Papa 's church , with whom she could share her deepest existential doubts .
tr	NNS	Luckily , I was also wearing my flat Chanel sandals on that particular outing , so giving chase was doable .
tr	NNS	Closer to home , a woman up the street from Doris 's place turned tricks inside her garage .
tr	NNS	He understood the basics of the instrument and brought flare to the best gigs the band had ever played .
tr	NN	Chapter Three Oh my god .
tr	NNS	When she reached the edge of the bedroom , she heard noises from the other end of the house .
tr	NNS	Over the strengthening rain , she barely heard the stealthy movements of a predator .
tr	NNS	If he liked what they had to say , they 'd keep their positions .
tr	NN	" The Corps takes a positional oath , doesn 't it ? "
tr	NNS	Ed pulled his cigarettes out of his shirt pocket again and then fished out what looked like the same piece of paper he had before .
tr	NNS	I only remember fragments .
tr	NNS	With a flick of his wrist , he parted the folds of my skirt .
tr	NN	With absolute silence , she slid the shining dagger under the door .
tr	NNS	His father had dried up his current funds , calling what he did , lush living .
tr	NN	Leaving the safe haven of her room , she took the winding staircase cautiously in her heels , telling herself not to feel nervous .
tr	NNS	His hands cupped my breasts through the cloth .
tr	NNS	" Aye , " Elizabeth agreed encouragingly .
tr	NNS	We drink a few beers , but she did not talk much of any problems . "
tr	NN	Brick couldn 't resist a little mockery .
tr	NN	A young woman slipped me a tin of salve while we were waiting in line for breakfast .
tr	NN	Now she wanted possession .
tr	NN	If I 'm home , locking it gives me some privacy or a few seconds to prepare if they 're breaking in . "
tr	NNS	Resourceful like his folks .
tr	NN	I could smell incense .
tr	NN	I spoke the necessary instruction to lift us higher .
tr	NNS	The junkyard had offered her a flat hundred bucks and she took it .
tr	NN	Connie pulled his soft cap down to prevent it from blowing off as Olaf hit top gear and charged on into the night .
tr	NN	He was wearing a dressing gown .
tr	NN	I 'd rather not have had a glimpse of what I 've been missing .
tr	NNS	I got their addresses and contacted the authorities about 12 hours ago .
tr	NN	Apparently he had written the document and copied and pasted it to be stored on some remote email account , never to be saved on hard drive .
tr	NNS	Before he could gasp I sank my fangs into his neck .
tr	NN	With one arm around her he tilled her fate up .
tr	NNS	It 's so beautiful , " she said passionately .
tr	NNS	She squeezed her thighs together and arched farther into his touch .
tr	NNS	Ted could hear the zombie dogs on the other side of the wall , still trying to get to him .
tr	NNS	" You already have certain abilities , and you are extraordinarily sensitive .
tr	NNS	We need strong leaders like both of you in our operations .
tr	NN	I watch her stomp to the counter and grab her bag , and hear her stomp down the hall .
tr	NN	Uneasy , I resisted the urge to flinch when both blond women turned their clear gazes onto me .
tr	NN	All wore the tinted black uniform of the EIF .
tr	NNS	I continue my chores with a spring in my step .
tr	NN	" You shot the Governor ! "
tr	NN	He was enjoying Robinson 's humiliated fate .
tr	NN	She had the most amazing flair for fashion in trendy America .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	But I seek your forgiveness , Dorian .
tr	NN	Within a few minutes , Caitlin was sipping hot chocolate out of a very large mug .
tr	NN	I took off the ring so fast , I nearly tore off a fingernail .
tr	NNS	Sir , they also took out a dozen gate anchors . "
tr	NNS	Chapter Twenty-six Two days later , Tim 's following my directions to Mom 's campaign office for an interview .
tr	NN	You 'd better show a liking for children or he 'll throw you over as fast as he caught up with you .
tr	NNS	Maddie nervously rubbed her palms together .
tr	NN	Either way , with each passing day , I won 't survive the void that will be left when they 're gone .
tr	NN	He dropped the file on her desk , pivoted and stalked out .
tr	NNS	We need those artifacts . "
tr	NNS	The summers had grown cold and the winters long and icy .
tr	NNS	The caterers had swept away their wares , leaving the house tidy but Sonia still wandered it .
tr	NN	" I don 't play football or baseball , but I run track .
tr	NN	The man closed up the cloth over his shoulder and reached for his box .
tr	NN	A Boeing 737 screamed down the runway , filled with supplies .
tr	NN	" Every woman loves jewelry . "
tr	NNS	They rubbed their noses together .
tr	NN	I say , all the joy I have been feeling crumbling to dust .
tr	NN	" Your dad very well may give his testimony to a grand jury , and then disappear . "
tr	NNS	We had abilities , just like Henry , but we decided to keep quiet , just like Henry .
tr	NN	My father was giving a speech , and I 'm going to give it in his place .
tr	NN	I paid a fortune , a life 's fortune , to have the gate made then erased from all the grid documents . "
tr	NNS	" I want full reports on everything he 's doing with you , and why . "
tr	NN	A dozen times , probably more , he 'd lifted the receiver to call Shana .
tr	NNS	Here he met the other apprentices who were thought by their masters to be ready to progress to probationer status .
tr	NNS	Her fingers parted the tender folds of her sex , exposing her burning flesh to the fan 's soft breeze .
tr	NNS	I 'll be watching the security cameras until you make it safely back into the house . "
tr	NN	Trystan found solace in his music .
tr	NN	I headed up the hill as Scarlet continued to say good night to my nemesis .
tr	NNS	He had now lost two ships in less than twenty hours .
tr	NNS	Say ' hey , I 'll give you a thousand dollars if you let me finger you . " '
tr	NNS	He hurriedly dug all the coins from his pockets and deposited them in the brunet 's hand .
tr	NNS	She stopped a few yards away from the now burning wreckage and treaded water , her eyes darting from each piece of fiery floating debris .
tr	NNS	Tyler had marketable skills , but she wasn 't sure if or how they 'd translate from sea to land .
tr	NN	I asked the vendor .
tr	NN	" Maybe someone is seeking revenge from the mission itself . "
tr	NNS	Removed harmful bacteria from children 's lungs .
tr	NN	" Get to the toilet and clean yourself up Jones , I 'll call the disposal squad .
tr	NN	But she didn 't mean any harm . "
tr	NNS	She and Greg talked spells for a few minutes , while I listened but didn 't comprehend .
tr	NN	At least she was sitting up , a noticeable improvement from the last few days .
tr	NN	He rattled the knob and the door threatened to come off its rusty hinges .
tr	NNS	The room had marble floors , bronzed countertops , and wrought-iron tables and chairs .
tr	NN	You either needed a security code or access to the little button which was obviously underneath Cindi 's desk .
tr	NN	" Don 't forget the blender .
tr	NN	I kinda liked the kilt , but this isn 't bad , either , " Selma said , her tone teasing .
tr	NN	Why don 't you figure out the exact location , and then meet me there in a month .
tr	NNS	" And that would have counted the breaks to change the nappies . "
tr	NN	A chill raced up his spine as he imagined the scene .
tr	NNS	" Can you use the med data you took when you worked on the wound in his side ?
tr	NNS	Sam and Rick nursed their beers but couldn 't hear a word .
tr	NN	I chose a remaining player , the hung-over teenager , and focused on him , clear for all to see .
tr	NNS	The sound of the door shutting startled young Tony and he turned to look back at the man .
tr	NNS	And how could he not have noticed the clouds rolling in ?
tr	NN	Crow stroked his beak .
tr	NN	Light that streamed over Mia 's glossy hair like a halo .
tr	NN	" You can play the piano ? "
tr	NN	I was not going commando .
tr	NNS	All those missed opportunities to be close to him .
tr	NNS	He had twelve shots left in the magazine , and a spare with fifteen more strapped to his ankle .
tr	NNS	My hands made whispering noises as they ruffled his clothing , and the soft syllables mingled with the patter of the rain .
tr	NNS	How were you raised , Scores ? "
tr	NNS	Someone switched her eye drops at that birthday party .
tr	NN	Before she 'd left him , bleeding and in pain .
tr	NN	" If she 's organizing the dinner , we 'll save a fortune on food . "
tr	NN	Ever since she had walked into the room , Tula had felt a sizzle of attraction for him that she was still battling .
tr	NN	I faked a southern drawl ( quite well , I might add ) .
tr	NN	Sneaking in , we make a diagram of the area .
tr	NN	Alexia raised her parasol in one hand and the clerk 's letter opener in the other .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't even feel the tugs so he drank his coffee and released a sigh .
tr	NNS	" So hot your touch leaves torch marks on my skin . "
tr	NN	Incredibly beautiful ... and worth a fortune .
tr	NN	Arie gave him a heated glare .
tr	NN	I felt his fingers rake through my hair , sweeping the curls back and pressing a wet washcloth against my temple .
tr	NN	I felt my brow furrow .
tr	NN	And whether we have more than unquenchable lust and an incredible baby in common . "
tr	NNS	Delivered from the leftover waste of his Yeti bodyguards , the lopsided creations with disproportionate limbs had vacant stares until a word from their master .
tr	NNS	It was stuffing cans of soup ( his cans of soup , by the way ! )
tr	NN	" Interview the owner . "
tr	NN	" I 'd rather be reading a menu , than be on a menu . "
tr	NN	She was wrapping a towel around herself when he stepped into the bathroom doorway .
tr	NN	His lips formed the name Lou .
tr	NNS	He left bloody fingerprints on her tunic and arm .
tr	NN	Marvin opened the small briefcase that always accompanied him for such occasions and handed a form and a pencil to Shirley .
tr	NN	Small pine trees that grew no more than waist high created a maze that had to be navigated on the way to the summit .
tr	NN	' But we don 't have - ' ' Really ?
tr	NN	I got the cake !
tr	NN	Devon didn 't have the patience for it right now .
tr	NN	Why didn 't you warn Jazz and let her save Wendy ? "
tr	NN	I recognized the certainty of its words .
tr	NNS	He holds out two small plates with an exaggerated amount of chocolate icing .
tr	NN	Brother Leo played the flute .
tr	NN	" I 'd also like a favor from you . "
tr	NNS	You 've been taking business and photography classes .
tr	NNS	" What kind of doctor texts his patients ? "
tr	NNS	Miriam motions as if leaping and we rise .
tr	NN	The woman couldn 't follow the simplest instruction .
tr	NNS	We don 't get chances to visit very often .
tr	NNS	He could feel the knots in her calves as she entwined her feet to keep herself from exploding off the sofa in rage .
tr	NNS	We had our forward deployed addresses before we departed the US , so some of us had mail shortly after we arrived .
tr	NN	He swallowed a groan .
tr	NNS	" You saw the sewer workers at the school ? "
tr	NN	A wine colored Volvo station wagon .
tr	NN	He should have your loyalty , your respect and your support . "
tr	NN	Of course , we weren 't told our grade .
tr	NN	He makes a sweeping gesture that encompasses the room .
tr	NNS	Dark eyebrows , delicately arched , and equally dark eyelashes of unusual length emphasized the extreme whiteness of her complexion .
tr	NN	" I don 't know the meaning of squeamish .
tr	NN	" He 's modified the design , however , to represent something specific to him . "
tr	NN	He spoons some pasta into our bowls and we sit at the table to eat .
tr	NN	The expression ' baby steps ' never had a more literal meaning .
tr	NNS	" I usually reserve Fridays for my dates . "
tr	NNS	He slowed his strokes to leisurely pulls , eventually stopping altogether as he continued to kiss Zane languidly .
tr	NNS	I found Tess on the bed and all I could see was Stuart Rossman lying on the ground . "
tr	NN	I felt the evil grin stretch across my face as I glared at him .
tr	NNS	And I hate weddings . "
tr	NNS	" You young devils .
tr	NN	" If we 're going to take him down - and we will - it will take cast iron proof . "
tr	NNS	He repeatedly played the tapes over and over hoping to see something that would explain the ' why ' of everything .
tr	NN	A man I knew by sight but not name played a lively tune on his pipe while girls chattered in knots of two and three .
tr	NNS	By now , the Arabs had pegged the positions of the four Americans and started working their way around them .
tr	NN	Neil had checked the internet periodically throughout the summer to make sure it was working .
tr	NNS	A second later I can hear his slippers shuffling out of the room .
tr	NN	He was also missing a boot , but thankfully not a foot .
tr	NNS	Or their families . "
tr	NN	The imaginary Rebecca let out a soft moan of yearning .
tr	NN	Juliette slipped the luggage tag into the compartment on the side of the suitcase , muttering as she packed and not giving Gillian a chance to answer .
tr	NN	I have an appointment with Linda Davis . "
tr	NN	" Ted , in his own charming way , is merely saying , let 's get this film in the can .
tr	NN	With a disgusted groan , she tossed her other boot on the floor .
tr	NNS	Something about the fourth floor gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	I love pizza and everything , but have missed the foods I grew up with . "
tr	NNS	" I got skills . "
tr	NNS	She 's enjoying the fruits of her labors and going on to bigger and better things , while you 're washing dishes . "
tr	NN	Each year has responsibility for a different part of the welcome program ; then the following two days will be taken by our sporting guests .
tr	NNS	Rachel already had two large pans on the stove by the time he stomped inside .
tr	NN	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Before allowing myself to drift off to sleep , I relived the confrontation with Mick .
tr	NNS	" I deserved that two thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	" Oh mom , dad , he has whole meals ! "
tr	NN	He offered Jen a towel for her hair and face .
tr	NNS	Shifter females in the wild had sometimes taken human male lovers , referring to them as pets .
tr	NN	" The boy king , " said the vendor .
tr	NN	He knew the turf well .
tr	NN	The lawyer already had a file on Harry 's financial dealing so he was able to put a quick lock on everything Harry owned .
tr	NNS	Looking out the window , she could see the dark rain clouds , her mind slowly coming into focus .
tr	NN	A shiver runs down my spine .
tr	NNS	She has nearly normal motor skills .
tr	NN	Walter felt his shoulders sag .
tr	NN	A fingernail scraped his nipple , sending a jolt of pleasure to his groin .
tr	NN	She needed the solace of the earth .
tr	NNS	More than that , his own fears of losing her heightened his animal instincts , the primitive side of him that demanded he take what was his .
tr	NN	He put the cold , damp cloth on the table beside the bed .
tr	NNS	He saw teams of divers , in the water bringing up bodies and other clues from the scene .
tr	NN	" Though my brother was never forgotten , we all finally found a measure of peace . "
tr	NN	I quickly took a towel and wrapped it around myself .
tr	NNS	" We observe all necessary formalities before murdering each other . "
tr	NN	The three had re-entered the workroom .
tr	NNS	Joey checked a few wrestling web sites from a computer terminal in the business center at his Toronto hotel .
tr	NNS	Maybe the Red Cross crisis center a few blocks away .
tr	NN	The last aircraft went down a block from the water in Richmond , doing similar types damage in that area .
tr	NN	Jeremy , a girl hopefully only gets one proposal .
tr	NNS	She 'd feel less awkward .
tr	NNS	The Undine must have their beaches back , or they will never survive what is to come .
tr	NN	Back in 1973 , members of the American Indian movement waged a bloody siege with the FBI in Wounded Knee , South Dakota .
tr	NN	He sat in the open bar on the beach the warm breeze floating in off the ocean .
tr	NNS	With the coming of the light the young navigator now had specific targets .
tr	NNS	Jenny brought us our beers and he sipped his in silence , still watching me intently .
tr	NNS	" Being a hero has its benefits , Bark .
tr	NNS	Making my friends form suicide teams , sacrificing their lives for the greater good , all of that crap .
tr	NNS	Jase placed both palms on Luis 's bare chest and shook his head .
tr	NN	I don 't need your protection . "
tr	NN	From the playful expression on his face , he enjoyed the banter .
tr	NN	The graveyard holds the red soil .
tr	NN	Each wore an emerald outfit , a melding of the Collective 's uniform and a softer , flowing material .
tr	NNS	Occasionally , small rocks would roll down the cliffs around us and clatter onto the highway .
tr	NNS	Funny how one 's mind plays tricks on them when so close to dying .
tr	NN	No wonder people whispered the word cancer .
tr	NNS	They found smuggled birds in his house and packages addressed to him contained more birds . "
tr	NN	His words stoked my arousal .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't see more than a few centimeters under the surface .
tr	NNS	I 'd had nightmares of her shooting me in the back of the church .
tr	NN	Go do some hero worship . "
tr	NN	" I don 't see nobody . "
tr	NNS	" Cate was shaky , but her mother was here to help , plus Cate had the twins to take her mind off things .
tr	NN	I held up a shoe on my index finger .
tr	NN	Give up that willpower to live .
tr	NN	York put away his caster .
tr	NN	Come a little closer , come have your fish . "
tr	NNS	I 'd have nightmares about falling now , but at least it would be a change from the fire .
tr	NN	" I need a favor . "
tr	NN	She held the frame with white knuckles to maintain her seat .
tr	NNS	All of the kitchen staff members were wearing white uniforms .
tr	NNS	She would send the servants who were her slaves out to surrounding villages by night , and they would abduct innocent serfs for her .
tr	NN	He slid open the drawer on the bureau .
tr	NN	" I can feel your hunger now .
tr	NNS	He traced the delicate scales around Bambi 's nostrils , and when I shivered , his gaze lifted , snaring mine .
tr	NNS	Humans didn 't have fangs or eyes that glowed fluorescent green .
tr	NNS	He pats his pockets and then turns in a circle , looking at the ground .
tr	NNS	" We should take classes together !
tr	NNS	That does not take away my obligations to my people .
tr	NNS	The shades of gray represent the other planets .
tr	NN	I lift the lid on mine and peer inside at the objects it contains .
tr	NNS	His surprised look spoke volumes about his confusion .
tr	NNS	He wore standard white briefs , but nothing could look ordinary on a man with his physique .
tr	NN	Its eyes made the hummingbird in her head explode with a flurry .
tr	NN	Growing up in NY , I will forever love pizza .
tr	NNS	We had a few attempts at deciphering it but came up empty handed .
tr	NNS	She kept these suspicions to herself and watched with increasing amusement as George 's line calls became more and more outrageous .
tr	NN	Mark interrupted his reverie .
tr	NNS	I 'd never seen so many points of light before .
tr	NNS	I dug my fingernails into my skin and felt blood trickle down my hand .
tr	NNS	Chapter Two The Beast My vision tunnels as it always does when I lose myself .
tr	NNS	I even called the hospitals and the police to try to find information about you .
tr	NNS	You got head critters , dummy .
tr	NNS	" I can follow directions .
tr	NNS	Salt rushed his senses .
tr	NNS	Instead , the tiny woman had taken the reins from his hands without him even noticing .
tr	NNS	" Nice try , but no , " she smiled thinly .
tr	NNS	One Simon Bradley didn 't like surprises .
tr	NN	He scanned the flow of humanity into and out of the plaza as it wound around the towering statue in the center of the square .
tr	NNS	I was left breathless .
tr	NNS	I had my doubts events in Kilmer would 've made the bigger papers , but you never knew .
tr	NNS	Then from her to the amulet , where its former glow was beginning to fade , almost as though mirroring my own deflating expectations .
tr	NNS	With the pressure off , they actually crack jokes and comment on my wardrobe .
tr	NNS	She pulled out her watercolor paints and the small cards .
tr	NN	There had been plans for a total facelift , a new kitchen , hardwood floors , upgraded plumbing .
tr	NN	" I applaud your dedication to your job . "
tr	NNS	" Now to the left of me , you will notice our esteemed professors , who are the main teachers of your grade .
tr	NN	Helen maintained her shroud of silence .
tr	NN	Once upon a time , he 'd even protected the president .
tr	NN	I haven 't touched that whore in years , Hailey .
tr	NN	" No , no I sure can lower that flag . "
tr	NNS	You will carry out the military operations . "
tr	NNS	Jim heaved a few quivering shudders , already dying but a good stretch from dead .
tr	NNS	I waved clouds of dust away from my face .
tr	NN	" Someone posted a video clip on youtube of her hitting someone 's nose .
tr	NNS	The manager can give you all the data in one minute .
tr	NNS	You may get some marks for a very imperfect answer : you will certainly get none for leaving the question alone .
tr	NNS	How could he assuage her fears when the thing she was afraid of was him ?
tr	NN	Chapter 5 The word echoed up and down the staircase , soaring to the painted cherubs that lurked at the very top of the house .
tr	NNS	Luis had just cleared the dishes and he was stacking the dishwasher .
tr	NNS	The tiger pans its surroundings , looking for an escape route .
tr	NN	" And that settles the favor .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	The priest drew a pistol and began shooting .
tr	NN	To examine the causes of life , we must first have recourse to death .
tr	NNS	" Leave the dogs there . "
tr	NN	If he got forgiveness ?
tr	NN	She tucked her emerald green silk blouse that matched her eyes into her black pencil skirt before opening the door and following Valerie out into the hallway .
tr	NN	She took off her engagement and wedding rings and walked over to me .
tr	NN	Her smile brought an acidic closure to the subject .
tr	NN	Tasha picked up the package lying in the middle of the floor .
tr	NNS	Zook sat near Eris , carefully extracting each individual bottle , vial , and pouch from his bag .
tr	NN	In the other hand he held a dusty , wadded up handful of chips .
tr	NNS	From the very start , it defied regular expectations .
tr	NN	" You 're making stew ? "
tr	NN	I 'd never heard that phrase before .
tr	NNS	He withdrew his fangs from me and I pushed him away .
tr	NNS	By your failure to attend her you injure your own interests .
tr	NN	She could use that passageway to cross to the far side of the facility , where fewer eyes , if any , would be watching .
tr	NNS	We exchange numbers , too .
tr	NN	He had a reported stroke that night that appeared not to be a stroke to those who were eye witnesses .
tr	NN	Have you forgotten the sermon on the fruits of the spirit ?
tr	NN	You 'll receive this caution in writing before you leave . "
tr	NN	Outside the car blared its horn again .
tr	NNS	I shall say the rites first in Latin and then in English .
tr	NN	The Old Man turned his glare on our stowaway , who straightened up slightly under the force of it .
tr	NNS	He 'd toss the items to Liv and make her put them in her backpack .
tr	NN	I punch the code into the keypad slowly , hesitating before the last digit .
tr	NNS	I shrugged off the flat batteries as a remarkable and very irritating coincidence .
tr	NNS	" I could find all sorts of ways for her to work for me .
tr	NNS	I kinda caught my folks by surprise . "
tr	NN	He remembered every detail .
tr	NNS	I 've got no classes tomorrow .
tr	NNS	They pulled off my flip flops , grabbed both of my arms and pulled me up off of the floor .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have lovers . "
tr	NNS	The twins continued their thin treble wails of distress but remained inside their respective baskets .
tr	NN	Max let out a snort .
tr	NNS	" You handled yourselves well there , guys .
tr	NN	Laughing , he pulled his own ID out of the gray messenger bag that was slung over his shoulder and handed it to me .
tr	NNS	The crowd behind Maya cast off their fears and ran toward the group , shouting for their missing friends and relatives .
tr	NN	I looked at him nonplussed , his observation the last thing I was expecting to hear from him .
tr	NNS	The hologram did the actions that Jimmy was speaking of .
tr	NN	As she watched impatiently , the raft was slowly righted , the next wagon now moving forward .
tr	NN	Of the five elements , I have the strongest affinity for wood , so I was a bit surprised when I didn 't get any impression .
tr	NNS	Before they had settled in for the night , he had stored everyone 's packs on the raft .
tr	NN	I can show you how to shoot one of these , " he told Case .
tr	NNS	She packed her sewing supplies up in a box and scooted it under the table .
tr	NNS	This , by the way , proves once and for all the venal nature of the Philistine priests .
tr	NNS	I had seen your warrior skills .
tr	NNS	" What kind of motel sells condoms ? "
tr	NNS	Smiling into his eyes , she laid her palms on his chest and softly sighed a word that was not on his list ... . "
tr	NN	Marchant slid the file across the desk .
tr	NN	To his surprise the bear emitted a soft growl .
tr	NNS	Another long breath sent clouds of mist into the air .
tr	NN	I can replicate the style other ambassadors favor .
tr	NNS	I could start fires with my mind .
tr	NN	Moments later we were flying down the highway at a hundred miles an hour .
tr	NN	He touched each item .
tr	NN	" Maybe the lawyer had the electricity turned on for us . "
tr	NN	Jason fires his pistol toward Gwendolyn 's head .
tr	NN	As John got closer to the ragged team he noticed an addition .
tr	NNS	When Hector and Tim took their stations , their squires handed them their shields and lances .
tr	NN	Haven 't you felt that falling sensation ?
tr	NNS	I trailed them all the way down , squeezing her hands , then brought my palms to rest flat on her stomach .
tr	NN	Leave the basket there on the ground ; I 'm sure she 'll send someone for it . "
tr	NN	She set her pen down .
tr	NN	You brought the plant .
tr	NNS	" Did you see any bite marks on her ? "
tr	NNS	" Someone sighted Eris .
tr	NN	All her life she never felt an inkling of that feeling we all yearn for : that of unconditional belonging .
tr	NNS	She 'd already bought necklaces for her mother and Amelia and earrings for Candace and Stacy from another vendor .
tr	NN	" Figures my crew would have the worst possible timing . "
tr	NN	He started down the hill , and was almost at the bottom when he realized that he had absolutely no idea where his hut was .
tr	NNS	To that I added hairs from a skunk , for scent .
tr	NN	' Dost thou accept this responsibility freely , my daughter ? '
tr	NN	A silver picture frame .
tr	NN	Let the old fart through . "
tr	NN	She stuffed the hem of her t-shirt into her waistband , dug her toes into the dirt then took off like a beagle after a rabbit .
tr	NN	Earl wasn 't far away , hidden amidst a thick patch of small trees .
tr	NN	Perhaps they would have an estimate by the end of the week , but it would be a long time before the place was finished .
tr	NNS	Chapter 13 The knotted , rubber stem was wedged in the closed drawer of Stephanie 's office desk as the long water balloon hung several inches below .
tr	NN	You must have such a bad impression of my family . "
tr	NNS	Puffy flakes fell delicately through the still air .
tr	NN	He turned the doorknob and entered his home .
tr	NN	Considering what she 'd done to him , he should at least entertain retribution .
tr	NNS	" Another career path down the tubes . "
tr	NN	I 'd order a pizza , maybe read a book .
tr	NN	She stirred a cube of sugar into her Turkish coffee , seeming distracted by something .
tr	NNS	He kneeled down in front of her , his hands gripping her thighs , his breath hot on her face .
tr	NNS	Every eye followed his movements , like he was a riddle that even gods couldn 't solve .
tr	NNS	For a moment , she watched the heavens with wide eyes .
tr	NN	The all African regiment earned their fierce reputation in many battles with the Cheyenne .
tr	NN	Around a corner behind them , Tania caught a glimpse of Lea , who was leaving the building .
tr	NN	First , Ross popped open the collapsed umbrella of the silver dish antenna , five feet in diameter .
tr	NN	But she hadn 't detected any disregard from the sheriff .
tr	NNS	" In my lifetime , I 've only sent two witches to the Underworld , and both of them were seasoned spell casters .
tr	NNS	" Does Mason have any other abilities ? "
tr	NN	Maybe he really did make a good impression on my mom .
tr	NNS	The final picture showed the gorillas attacking a line of straw dummies , which hung from an overhead stone support .
tr	NNS	Iona 's shift this time hurt , the stiffness from lying on the ground not helping .
tr	NNS	She dropped the phone carcass on the couch , ran down the hall to her bedroom , then skipped into the living room five seconds later .
tr	NNS	" Stupid bugs ! "
tr	NNS	Clarice had booked many trips through that agency over the years , and in the process , she and Sandra Perkins had become fast friends .
tr	NNS	When we left the city , we lost our factions , our sense of purpose .
tr	NNS	But you must have had reports ?
tr	NN	" Plunge that dagger in my heart . "
tr	NNS	I 'll just make the changes and click update . "
tr	NN	Smith reciprocated Beth 's squeeze .
tr	NNS	They also report sightings of several hundred people gathering on the streets below , before weird things happened .
tr	NNS	After being captured by enemy forces , he 'd endured unspeakable atrocities for months on end but he never gave in .
tr	NNS	Mike emailed the contracts to his Zurich office .
tr	NNS	" But I 'll need reinforcements if I 'm to deploy teams to California and Abu Dhabi at the same time .
tr	NN	" But I 'm still not getting any reception . "
tr	NNS	This made missions much easier , creating a temporary relief on our weary minds .
tr	NN	Along the way , she 's collected an impressive fortune in insurance money , as well as what her hubbies left her in their wills .
tr	NN	I even had an appointment at a spa the day of the wedding to have my hair and make-up done .
tr	NN	She put the cap on her highlighter , setting it back beside her pen .
tr	NNS	She had escaped one devil , only to find an even bigger demon .
tr	NN	He clearly noticed the past tense , because his eyes softened .
tr	NNS	He would laugh off my fears , telling me there was something in the pipeline , money coming from somewhere , new business partners .
tr	NN	Sidious walked down the hill to satisfy his curiosity .
tr	NNS	Maybe the darkness would change my surroundings again .
tr	NN	He blanched paler than the chunks of Swiss cheese on the plate on her lap .
tr	NNS	She extinguished the candles and stood in the dark , listening .
tr	NN	If spirit was causing this bipolar thing , then didn 't I still need treatment ?
tr	NNS	His contacts within the business community considered protection payments just another facet of company overhead , as necessary to survival as a good workforce and steady inventory .
tr	NNS	At last the pairs broke up , the gentlemen closed ranks while the ladies rode close together , whispering eagerly with no few giggles in the mix .
tr	NNS	They found the offices of the councilors .
tr	NNS	Without anyone apparently operating them , the catapults launched balls of flaming pitch at the Domingo .
tr	NNS	He took the reins up in his hands .
tr	NN	Delphine had underestimated her hunter by thinking this would secure her escape .
tr	NN	Billy had his own pistol and a rifle , but he wasn 't sure it would do a lot of good .
tr	NN	He yelps and rubs his thigh .
tr	NN	The icy March air had no effect on him ; his body was impervious to little things like weather .
tr	NN	He suddenly stopped his pacing and stood looking at Gizmo and Marco seated in front of him .
tr	NNS	They exaggerated their dance movements with hips swinging and toes kicking .
tr	NNS	His fingers then left my nipples and moved down toward his cock .
tr	NN	Sally studied the menu .
tr	NNS	Whoever owned ships like that would have the world by the tail .
tr	NN	She located her blouse , and it seemed to him that she was real careful to keep her face averted .
tr	NNS	" Have you had any nightmares since you were stung ? "
tr	NN	" I just didn 't like the implication that I 'm not good enough to watch out for you . "
tr	NN	Swinging it up and around his shoulders , Blue Cloud wraps the cloth around him .
tr	NNS	I have several clients who will come with me . "
tr	NN	He had made sufficient proof of his courage , in previous service , that Laurence did not doubt it now .
tr	NN	I have given serious consideration to this Czech offer to lure him to Newcastle , but now I recommend taking a step back .
tr	NNS	I choose my clients , not the other way around . "
tr	NNS	The woman graced the pages of Vogue and Elle magazines on a regular basis .
tr	NNS	The city around them , at least what remained of it , bore similarities to a civilization that once thrived .
tr	NNS	If the nurse isn 't paying attention , start casting spells of protection .
tr	NN	It wouldn 't take such violation as a violation of the seventh law .
tr	NNS	I cut his bindings and he slumped into Susan 's arms .
tr	NNS	She shouldn 't take any chances . "
tr	NN	Surely it must have broken the transparent tape , and Mother would find out the following morning .
tr	NN	She had never locked her stall .
tr	NN	Maybe she should plant a subtle compulsion in his mind to get over her .
tr	NN	If there are too many grapes , they have less flavor .
tr	NN	It would cost a fortune to develop that land . "
tr	NNS	" How many ships are there ? "
tr	NNS	Fighting a fresh shudder , she pressed her palms together .
tr	NNS	I loved the small noises of effort and pleasure he made .
tr	NN	His fingers skimmed over my belly , lightly tracing my hip bone and sending a ticklish rush straight to my clit .
tr	NNS	Bill and I have racked our brains , as well as those of all of our lawyers .
tr	NN	" Use that storage trunk you used to get Sunan .
tr	NN	I shut off the water pump and regard him .
tr	NN	And he 'd saved for her the pizza that had only cheese on it , since he knew she didn 't like toppings .
tr	NNS	He gave us directions . "
tr	NNS	And that 's not counting any private vessels that may have been traveling .
tr	NNS	We 're holding the cards .
tr	NNS	" Long ago , I took rites that make me my mother 's servant .
tr	NNS	She brought romance novels to her auditions and happily ignored everyone else in the room .
tr	NNS	It hit all the elements .
tr	NNS	He put aside the big coins , then the smaller ones .
tr	NN	He tracks a row of pelicans as they skirt across the water .
tr	NN	" We have missed an important announcement .
tr	NN	If I get this done quick she can start editing , blast out a film , and we capitalize on the goodwill from this tour . "
tr	NN	Gil took the pencil he offered , initialed the record of purchase and tipped his hat .
tr	NNS	How could anyone survive such harsh conditions ?
tr	NN	Surely his niece would be thrilled to find out she had a sane and stable uncle and family who wanted her .
tr	NNS	Sometimes he left her prepared meals ; sometimes just the ingredients .
tr	NN	But the perpetrator always eluded law enforcement .
tr	NN	He really did find her attractive and nearly irresistible .
tr	NN	" I 'd heard that rumor , but ... " Tarkin 's voice trailed off as they neared his transport .
tr	NN	" I 'll even stick a needle in my eye . "
tr	NNS	The girls scored the first two points .
tr	NNS	" And yet , they haven 't found Eris .
tr	NN	" No dragon can break past plastic .
tr	NNS	Hours later they picked up the first transponder signals .
tr	NNS	It cost fifteen hundred dollars , and your father is deeply attached to it .
tr	NN	Its name means fire plant .
tr	NNS	They were wearing sequinned evening gowns .
tr	NN	She stifled the urge to cry out .
tr	NN	She grabbed her briefcase and headed up the stairs of the hotel .
tr	NN	Satisfied with the results he placed his shaving razor back in its pouch and stowed it with the rest of his belongings .
tr	NNS	As the day had passed he had heard both giggles and angry , annoyed complaints from him .
tr	NNS	He traced the routes towards the Czech border ; towards Germany ; the eastern border with the Soviet Union , and even southeast to Romania .
tr	NN	Sarah slowly shrugged off her backpack , slightly embarrassed .
tr	NN	Tench smelled its sweet aroma .
tr	NN	A warm smile replaced Annie 's earlier angst .
tr	NN	She pulled a wheat cake from her robe pocket and pushed it into my free hand -- stepping back abruptly so I couldn 't refuse .
tr	NN	Eve and five other friends were taking a ten-day Caribbean cruise for the holidays .
tr	NN	You want more proof of God ?
tr	NNS	In public , though , he always used my titles , and I wondered what was on his mind .
tr	NNS	" If you don 't want to play , I know two other grad students who would give their right arms to sit in your chair . "
tr	NN	They wouldn 't kill the dragon , or even try , since he was under the protection of their father for the night .
tr	NNS	Where do you get ingredients ?
tr	NNS	But why didn 't he use those skills on this place ?
tr	NNS	" I packed provisions for you , Dan , and the others .
tr	NNS	She heard footfalls , and turned around .
tr	NN	A security light illuminated a common stairwell to our left .
tr	NNS	We 're leaving our tracks everywhere , following the wild wolf pack and recording every sound as well as putting up cameras .
tr	NNS	Blue fell backwards , took two stumble steps , then landed on his back .
tr	NN	With one glance at the ceiling , she also saw a continuous row of lights embedded in the metal .
tr	NN	He fired a crossbow at Liv from ten paces .
tr	NN	She couldn 't deny his verdict .
tr	NN	Really down , like an amphetamine hangover . "
tr	NNS	" They have separate buildings for different subjects , like a journalism barn and a science library and a greenhouse .
tr	NN	I could taste the brownies and ice cream .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't aim the shots , but I got one of the employees , along with some interesting customers . "
tr	NNS	" Describe the changes . "
tr	NN	How could he , two years later , still remember my favorite painting ?
tr	NNS	While no warrior , yet he had skills that could unerringly kill from a distance .
tr	NNS	Kane trotted a few yards into the massive storeroom and began barking .
tr	NNS	" Yes you all received ten assignments . "
tr	NNS	The bats took positions behind them .
tr	NNS	We need such intelligent birds here . "
tr	NNS	We are establishing further positions to the west . "
tr	NNS	She elevated her own senses in response , seeking a gentle , soothing pattern .
tr	NN	After Ken cleared his throat , he made a formal introduction .
tr	NN	" The first thing we have to do , " he said gently , " is make a doctor 's appointment for you .
tr	NNS	We need more members and I don 't know when the next Suicide Club will happen . "
tr	NN	" Jensen will have a package for Nina .
tr	NN	They left the aircraft and walked down to the ground to discover that Buck had moved Baby Huey closer to them .
tr	NNS	I 'm calling the doctors . "
tr	NN	Of course , she had been called a " hero " when she came home .
tr	NNS	Parker did not mind such techniques , but rather felt flattered that the man paid such close attention .
tr	NN	They walked single file down the narrow bus aisle , bumping the cushioned seats on either side of them .
tr	NN	She is holding a bolt of purple fabric , pointing out a visible defect on the leading edge .
tr	NNS	It snarled and widened its fangs , as it bore down on him .
tr	NN	My gaze traveled up the tall wooden mast .
tr	NNS	Fiddler 's Jump drew nearer .
tr	NNS	" Oh I got skills , boy . "
tr	NNS	I actually had Clay 's best interests at heart when I asked him to stay away from you .
tr	NNS	" You remembered the nine items in the spirit garden because of what you drank .
tr	NN	On the spur of the moment , I had applied a fortnight before to a government post and , to my consternation , had won it handily .
tr	NNS	The people she 'd invited , the responses .
tr	NNS	He still bore the marks .
tr	NNS	" I need all the personal items I took from the women who are still missing . "
tr	NN	He substituted a mouthful of chicken parmesan for an answer .
tr	NNS	" What code numbers ? "
tr	NNS	" She 's got blue gums like I told you ! "
tr	NN	Vitali had taken the vase from Igor and leaped inside the van , placing it on the final plinth .
tr	NN	The mayor laughed and raised a black pistol with a silencer screwed to the end .
tr	NNS	She rode him with her back arching , her hands gripping his thighs and digging into the flesh .
tr	NN	Then she tapped out the code , and the floorboard , sprung up .
tr	NNS	" I also collected some data about the political situation in Europe .
tr	NN	Last year 's hyperinflation destroyed international trade .
tr	NNS	" So I did some drugs in high school .
tr	NN	He hadn 't said a pray since his mom stopped making him do it at age nine .
tr	NNS	They bared their fangs , their lips peeling back so much that she saw gums .
tr	NN	Roxie returned the gesture with a smile and I got the feeling it was almost painful for her to look so nice .
tr	NNS	She had masses of long , straight black hair , pouty , crimson lips and vibrant purple eyes , ringed with alarmingly long eyelashes .
tr	NNS	All systems use standard filters ( Apollo 13 taught us important lessons ) .
tr	NNS	She even had solutions to the issues that separated them .
tr	NN	I 'll not quit my duty . '
tr	NNS	Poor bastard really didn 't have many breaths left . "
tr	NNS	" Each half has three corresponding points , " he explained , taking it from her palm , " and the two halves link together . "
tr	NNS	I was combing the knots out of my hair when Kim came back to the room .
tr	NN	His arms about her gave her a squeeze , bringing her attention back to him before he queried , " Why ? "
tr	NN	Eli felt his chest twist into a knot .
tr	NNS	Their troubles running off like the bubbles down the drain , Maddie and Jack found new joys and plans to make .
tr	NNS	Gabriel 's feral expression silenced my doubts .
tr	NN	She saw his shoulders stiffen .
tr	NNS	This map showed small areas of red , including the northern section where they were .
tr	NN	" Well , if no one else wants him ... I could share my bunk with him . "
tr	NN	I gave Calvin one final glare and walked over to the fire escape .
tr	NNS	Keep tabs on a hot blonde widow ?
tr	NNS	I 'll send the twins up to relieve you as soon as I get back to the Vale . '
tr	NN	I caught a quick glimpse outside and noticed the perfect weather .
tr	NN	I clenched the fork .
tr	NN	We 'll look after ' er fir ya , an ' when all this is over , ya can send fir ' er .
tr	NN	In response Jake gave a slight shrug .
tr	NN	A pan flute , he recognized the instrument at once .
tr	NNS	" What about Ben and his abilities ?
tr	NNS	I tucked a lock of her hair behind her ear , then slid my palms down to cup her neck .
tr	NNS	I climb over bricks that used to be walls and stumble on what is left of my bed .
tr	NNS	He scrolled down his contacts and pressed send .
tr	NNS	But before I can argue , Dust lands on the edge of the boat .
tr	NNS	he exclaimed , gathering puzzled stares from everyone in the room .
tr	NNS	He toasted his search teams , who fanned out even now to burn the last of the bodies up in the rocks .
tr	NNS	" Grab your packs !
tr	NN	He shoves a blonde nurse at me .
tr	NNS	His first encounter with Zara hours earlier had left him breathless , shaken .
tr	NNS	" Danger areas . "
tr	NN	He considered my logic for a second , before nodding and dressing himself in cargo pants and a black pullover .
tr	NN	He pulled a small notepad out of the same drawer .
tr	NNS	" You blew bubbles at Chavez 's ? "
tr	NN	How could she ever trust her judgement again ?
tr	NNS	" Just like all these miracles that the Christians claim .
tr	NN	Can you appeal the verdict ?
tr	NNS	" If I 'm not in jail , I 'll make Reuben sandwiches for us . "
tr	NN	I found solace in them . "
tr	NNS	He counted twenty paces , and then there was another one on the left or right .
tr	NNS	It would have gotten both your dogs without a doubt . "
tr	NNS	That soft sound stoked the fires inside him into a blaze that quickly engulfed him .
tr	NN	They skipped desert favouring coffee at the table .
tr	NNS	She had other suspicions about Max 's motivations , but now was not the time to air them .
tr	NN	Donald had a flair for the dramatic .
tr	NN	Kristina had confirmed Jason 's hunch in person after Rusty dumped her for someone else .
tr	NN	Then she dialed Neal 's house impatiently , catching her finger in the next number before the dial had completely unwound ... .
tr	NN	He took off the saddle and bridle , set it off to graze with Tifa 's blue one , and then ducked inside the tent .
tr	NN	" Tonight you will obey my every command .
tr	NNS	Sam had gotten three envelopes from his duplex tenants .
tr	NNS	" Screw this creep show , Jackie , we 'll get directions somewhere else . "
tr	NNS	Make the arrangements for the rental of the beach , the dinner , and tent .
tr	NN	" But you can 't tell anybody .
tr	NNS	I didn 't ' alf use up my torch batteries on that one , and didn 't find nowt . "
tr	NN	As silently as I could , I shut the drawer and slid under the bed .
tr	NN	He just hated the entire universe .
tr	NN	As she stayed with her friend , time lost all meaning , even the pain in her leg was put aside .
tr	NNS	You have millions stashed away , no danger of anybody ever getting their hands on it .
tr	NNS	Lea understood the dangers , but giving a genius time to recover , was the same as giving her time to plan her victory .
tr	NNS	Some of them had crossbows .
tr	NN	" I 've seen the error of my ways , and I 'm here to beg for forgiveness -- now LET ME GO ! "
tr	NNS	She flicked the tabs , reading names .
tr	NN	And all four years I was governor , we balanced the budget .
tr	NN	" I 'd call that devotion .
tr	NN	It rattled out a long and smelly exhalation like the beginning of a snore .
tr	NNS	Bringing the visions in his mind to life .
tr	NN	" You have your candy ? "
tr	NNS	beside the food she cooks alone , her beauty could steal hearts .
tr	NN	But despite her age , Jason immediately saw the resemblance .
tr	NN	Jonas swallowed an oath and decided to evade the question .
tr	NN	Before him were several trees laying in a heap and Soul saw a person 's boot sticking out beneath the pile .
tr	NN	She caught the aroma of new wood and then she was placed in a space so tight that she barely had shoulder room .
tr	NNS	He also didn 't like dirty toilets .
tr	NN	An object in the center of the room dominated the lab .
tr	NNS	Drake would take soil samples while Lisa gathered hair and tissue specimens from the dead animals .
tr	NNS	The rural school where she 'd been hired largely served students who 'd grown up on farms .
tr	NNS	" They don 't need more , uh , supplies .
tr	NN	Maybe I didn 't give the guy enough credit .
tr	NNS	" My husband and I opened Bliss together .
tr	NNS	Louis was seeing numbers .
tr	NN	Maybe this will end the suspense .
tr	NNS	He took short walks around town , building his strength , and I admired his determination .
tr	NNS	Like a dream Abby only remembered fragments of what had happened next .
tr	NN	It bore the resemblance of a recently dead victim but it moved as if it was still alive .
tr	NN	I wanted half custody , but Cilla made it so difficult , so I ended up with visiting rights , but they didn 't pan out .
tr	NNS	" If -- " " Be quiet , " commanded Jess before he said anything else .
tr	NNS	We can raise fifty generations of chickens from embryo to chick in test tubes .
tr	NN	Harry , on point , soon found a thicket that afforded a good view and excellent concealment .
tr	NN	Patterns of yellow squares ran up and down the main tower .
tr	NNS	Jacob 's features turn worrisome as he stares upon his sister .
tr	NNS	I 'll bring your meals out and come for you tomorrow . "
tr	NN	" It draws my health , storing it up . "
tr	NNS	" Crime families or terrorists ? "
tr	NN	" You should join the circus . "
tr	NN	We have wine , beer and grape juice for refreshments . "
tr	NN	CHAPTER TWO " ORDER 'S UP . "
tr	NNS	Even though Nate , Rick and I could communicate while we rode without any outside assistance , we had the bikes equipped with CB radios and headsets .
tr	NN	She threw a pillow at me .
tr	NNS	' The tree grows apples . '
tr	NN	That was like calling a shark cage a sure deterrent from shark bites .
tr	NN	Perhaps they need a translator .
tr	NNS	Kennedy was wearing a pretty sundress , too , and her hair was in full pageant mode .
tr	NN	Shivers flew down his spine as the only explanation drove fear through his bones .
tr	NN	Not constantly , but like a ticking clock or a beating heart ... tick ... tick ... thud ... thud .
tr	NN	Angelica lifted the veil over her head .
tr	NNS	Wrapping the blanket around her naked body , Chloe could feel Lois staring at her as she walked away .
tr	NNS	You never take any chances .
tr	NNS	" You don 't know its capabilities ? "
tr	NNS	" Please come in , " he said , " make yourself at home , don 't mind the dogs . "
tr	NN	She gave him her location .
tr	NNS	He grabs his own chopsticks and starts examining his dinner choices .
tr	NNS	One drawer contained pens and ink .
tr	NNS	" Of course all of us know the dangers of being so close to the swamps where the fever is prevalent .
tr	NN	I dipped the feather pen in black ink once more and signed my name at the bottom .
tr	NN	Hating them was like hating the Easter bunny .
tr	NN	" Do you have a fake ID ?
tr	NN	They have a good respect for me , and I too respected them .
tr	NNS	He did get some opportunities , at the school .
tr	NN	None of it had any meaning to me at the time . "
tr	NNS	When that pair failed , they sent more guild members , which would explain the delay between those initial attacks and the one on your father yesterday .
tr	NNS	As she walked , she twisted knobs on one of her black electronic boxes , trying to establish a signal .
tr	NNS	We can 't have students roaming in the hallways . "
tr	NN	And she 'd known his reputation with women , known he had a girl in every port , so to speak .
tr	NNS	" You can get the drugs into their drink ? "
tr	NN	They took pity on her , giving her scraps or a copper here and there , or letting her sweep rooms for a hot meal .
tr	NNS	When she wasn 't working trying to keep Brick in food , she was jolly well fighting the witches and trying to bring peace to humanity .
tr	NNS	She replaced the photographs and kept looking .
tr	NN	She could hear Ferry working with the wounded out in the emergency area .
tr	NNS	She saw his torment , his need , but most of all she saw his loneliness .
tr	NN	I lifted the lid off the serving plate and inhaled the aroma of some Italian pasta and meat dish I had never tried before .
tr	NNS	He shouldn 't have downed those first two beers .
tr	NNS	It almost seemed like Billy was fleeing from something the way he pulled all these evasive maneuvers .
tr	NN	" When I 'm with you I don 't miss football .
tr	NN	" You sink the needle into the back of the neck , or into the hand , and you keep moving .
tr	NNS	Misty stacked the clean plates in the drying rack and started scrubbing down the griddle .
tr	NNS	" She 's got two knives . "
tr	NN	We two ... we join ... the quest . "
tr	NN	" I used the shampoo that was in the apartment .
tr	NNS	" All makes and models , too . "
tr	NN	You can get the plague from rats ! '
tr	NN	Not that she offered much resistance .
tr	NNS	You shall bring low the elements of the earth , of the sea and of the land .
tr	NN	He removed the password from his current work in progress and she read it avidly not once but twice .
tr	NNS	It made small mewing noises .
tr	NN	There , their eyes beheld the valley in all its splendor .
tr	NNS	I could see clouds forming on the horizon .
tr	NNS	Brice 's tone implied all sorts of things .
tr	NNS	Their specialty was monitoring illegal arms shipments , tracking terrorists , and the like .
tr	NNS	Then she raised her palms to the sky .
tr	NNS	He swept the covers aside and my bottoms and panties were gone in the blink of an eye .
tr	NN	He added butter , then poured steak sauce onto the plate , making a small puddle .
tr	NNS	We all have our shortcomings and things that we wish we never did .
tr	NNS	I had several meetings with some higher ups here at HQ . "
tr	NN	" You 've got talent . "
tr	NNS	Lizzy pushed back the covers on the bed and placed several pillows to support her sisters back .
tr	NNS	He did not look appeased by her words .
tr	NNS	In Reacher 's experience some towns had more roads named after trees than trees themselves .
tr	NNS	She yawns then slumps against the headboard .
tr	NNS	The damn thing will disrupt signals and can even hurt humans since the brains , lungs , and heart are all controlled by low-voltage electricity .
tr	NNS	A reedy gasp sets my hairs on end .
tr	NN	She carefully placed her fairy-tale diamond and all the precious multi-faceted dreams it had held on to the bedside table .
tr	NNS	As they filed into the room , Jenny quickly collected the dishes and exited .
tr	NN	He whistled a tune and strolled along the emptiness .
tr	NNS	Then I went boneless as a familiar voice said , " Come out where I can see you .
tr	NN	You don 't wear jewelry , not even a watch , and this you never took off .
tr	NN	I remember sorrow and fear , then the light just bursting into the room .
tr	NN	He needed someone dependable , who knew about breeding , but would not drain his purse too quickly .
tr	NNS	You can 't go around running into walls , you 'll knock your brains out that way ! "
tr	NN	She swallowed a lump of agitation .
tr	NNS	" From the mouths of babes . "
tr	NN	Let 's take a sail on Teleport this evening .
tr	NNS	As he strode off , she tasted the lies on her tongue and yearned to call him back .
tr	NN	Looking up gave me instant vertigo .
tr	NN	He sent out a cautionary plea .
tr	NNS	Chapter 5 Vicki had never liked funerals and counted herself blessed that she hadn 't had to attend many of them .
tr	NNS	I enjoy these little errands .
tr	NN	He rose stiffly , stretched , and then moved toward the animals , grooming them once again before leading them back to the river to drink .
tr	NN	She straightened her outfit and adjusted her cleavage so the girls wouldn 't look droopy .
tr	NNS	" Maybe you should ask her yourselves . "
tr	NN	" Oh , you remember madam .
tr	NNS	Almost everything she did underscored his suspicions .
tr	NNS	He worked his jaws , and Alex heard the clack of dentures .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any more distractions . '
tr	NNS	" They 're called night-vision goggles , Theresa , and this isn 't the first time I 've watched you through them . "
tr	NN	" Thank you , your majesty . "
tr	NN	" Nope , she has a half finished painting of the Eiffel Tower in her apartment .
tr	NNS	Chapter One Breezes tickled the treetops , and the roads and sidewalks were dotted with dampness from melted snow and ice .
tr	NNS	Everyone had their supplies with them and waited for some final words before we parted .
tr	NN	I have a proposition to put to you . ' '
tr	NN	She swallowed back the sudden bitter tang in her mouth .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry about that " he waved the file apologetically at the scrap bin into which the missile had disappeared .
tr	NN	I hated that rooster .
tr	NNS	That didn 't ease my fears ; " the little are the spiteful , " our proverb says .
tr	NNS	When he and Dorian were alone , Luke patted the mattress .
tr	NNS	True to form he did not question my interests in all of this .
tr	NN	We have the proper breeze and direction .
tr	NN	Gabby ran her hand rhythmically through her fur .
tr	NNS	" You don 't eat Welsh miners ? "
tr	NNS	" Having all the shops within walking distance .
tr	NNS	Your wisdom shall command our armies .
tr	NNS	The wizards at the back racked up the balls and stowed their pool cues , settled their tab , then left .
tr	NNS	Laurent had made ham and cheese sandwiches using a slightly runny Camembert instead of Swiss slices .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any more trips to the hospital . "
tr	NN	Seemed only fair he return the favor .
tr	NNS	Sensing her sudden change in attitude , Kyle added a few more inches of distance between them .
tr	NN	" Slither away , worm , " she spat , " for you are less than nothing to me . "
tr	NN	It worked just as well to smile and nod his head ... Japanese style .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't want the workers to know details .
tr	NN	He pulled the rope off and stretched his arms .
tr	NNS	So we made mud bricks .
tr	NN	Dr. Keller dropped the needle on the floor and covered her ears .
tr	NNS	He apparently had no doubts that Roman would follow his orders .
tr	NNS	The trees swallowed the red taillights .
tr	NN	She saw Nissa 's shoulders stiffen , but Winnie just shook her head , bewildered .
tr	NNS	If you kill him , you lose the skills he brings .
tr	NN	Adam noted the admiration in their faces .
tr	NN	" You want a resume ?
tr	NN	I 'll get my fiddle , and Meara , you tune up your pipes . "
tr	NN	You can catch a glimpse of an ocean in one of the frames . "
tr	NNS	He would save his custom suits for business meetings , but going outside dressed to the nines at all times was a thing of the past .
tr	NNS	You just couldn 't find decent biscuits and gravy there , or fried chicken , let alone picnic food like potato salad .
tr	NNS	Even women would have equal rights .
tr	NNS	Hallmark didn 't exactly make cards for occasions like this .
tr	NN	She was fighting the attraction .
tr	NN	Talking about these things had a paradoxical effect .
tr	NNS	" And we can 't fight numbers that will quickly overrun us . "
tr	NNS	" On Monday , we shall visit the shops of Edinburgh .
tr	NNS	They 'd been playing cards .
tr	NN	The big food would be served buffet style at halftime .
tr	NNS	She stood only inches in front of me now , her nose practically touching mine , and it took everything I had not to throttle her .
tr	NNS	God created the heavens and the earth in seven days .
tr	NN	Zayne always had that effect on me .
tr	NN	In time , Savannah must have sensed his growing discomfort , for she gestured to the coins atop the desk .
tr	NNS	Then he shook off the cobwebs and wild thoughts .
tr	NN	Instead he points out a stunning redhead .
tr	NNS	After another ten minutes , an engine started , rumbling loudly , wheels squelched on wet tarmac , and the sounds quickly receded .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't believe Veronica 's actions when she took the carton away from her .
tr	NN	He 's only been working here a fortnight , masters !
tr	NN	The way his fingers worked the shampoo through my hair and massaged the tension out of my scalp .
tr	NN	Violet grabbed her briefcase and hurried out the door .
tr	NNS	This had its good points .
tr	NNS	Some guy commissioning several fountains he 'd never picked up .
tr	NNS	Jack slowly examined the houses trapped inside the hills from one side , and the forest from the other .
tr	NNS	As part of the miracle that was Cadogan House , I found my leathers clean and shiny and ready to wear again .
tr	NNS	My assistant will give you backgrounds on all four of them plus several people at both parties .
tr	NN	Gretchen gave me a withering glare .
tr	NN	You brought black rope with you to hang her , but the news report said you strangled her with the antenna from her own car .
tr	NN	The very walls emanated a mild version of what he 'd felt in the interview .
tr	NNS	She used her powers to hit Bride with the lamp , but it fell to the floor before it could reach her .
tr	NNS	He left the cassette tapes and photo on his dresser .
tr	NNS	Good to know that at least one of you lot has enough brains to see the merit in that .
tr	NNS	Can you bring the dogs in when you come back ? "
tr	NNS	" I am not giving up , " he said fervently .
tr	NNS	When you started to run away because you were afraid , you put aside your fears , stopped , and came back for me .
tr	NNS	Rush had seen subtle changes in his friend since his marriage .
tr	NN	After that , I 've published one article per day and I haven 't looked back since .
tr	NNS	We have the pigeons to communicate . "
tr	NNS	In the meantime , she fine-tuned her powers , practicing every day , praying she would not have need of them .
tr	NNS	She squeezed her thighs together , allowing one last tide of arousal to sweep through her before ducking beneath his arm and gaining space .
tr	NN	In a silo , in a field , in a prairie , a computer activates a missile launch protocol .
tr	NN	He had entered Stimson 's temple , where one 's body was more than merely a vessel for the soul .
tr	NNS	They had small brown tiles that covered the hourglass curved candleholders .
tr	NNS	That stupid session today has left me bothered , my defenses wavering , my ability to bury the pain challenged .
tr	NNS	He 'd lost his most treasured anchors to this world , and the majority of his people didn 't need him .
tr	NN	Bambi , my foster mom , was no doubt mixing up a bomb squad .
tr	NN	I heard a snap of his fingers , and suddenly I was under my covers with my head on my pillow .
tr	NN	Emily felt her stomach knot up with anxiety but she smiled teasingly .
tr	NN	They would leave the full wagon , and return to Selman Ri with the empty one .
tr	NN	Emma covered the screen self-consciously .
tr	NNS	I 'm getting bad vibes .
tr	NN	" He had a wire from a street lamp to this CD player .
tr	NN	" Think back , Josh , and not too many years ago you will recall individuals who had , or would have , embarrassed the establishment .
tr	NN	Edward and Pearl made a pact with her -- an agreement of sorts .
tr	NN	A shiver cascaded down Willow 's spine .
tr	NN	" But sometimes we use a condom , too . "
tr	NNS	Steve 's brooding presence further exacerbated Emily 's fears of discovery .
tr	NN	He heard her suck in a breath .
tr	NNS	' Is it possible , sir , the Hertfordshire police have exaggerated the driver 's abilities in order to cover up their own incompetence ? '
tr	NNS	The smooth , hot skin of his ass filled her palms .
tr	NN	Warden derived small gratification from those things , though .
tr	NNS	Some were extending their misty ribbons to the people , pulling them into their spells .
tr	NN	Even though she uses sign language , she understands most human speech , and we usually just talk to her .
tr	NNS	She stood and rubbed the palms of her hands together , sorting through her thoughts .
tr	NNS	The eleven other leprechauns leapt off their bikes and flexed their muscles dangerously .
tr	NN	He heard a groan , and looked to see Anne was tied up in the seat next to him .
tr	NN	Surprised , Ernest set down the platter of sandwiches in his hand .
tr	NNS	" You weren 't doing those speeds and that distance even before you were pregnant and worked out every day .
tr	NN	I welcome even the possibility of heartache .
tr	NNS	Soon the grey dulled their senses , and their minds swam in the clouded colour .
tr	NN	A chill ran up Cheyenne 's spine when she called her mother 's name and got no response .
tr	NN	Henry nonchalantly added cream and sugar .
tr	NN	Emma couldn 't accept the possibility that the man she 'd lived with could be capable of something that heinous .
tr	NN	She had even seen the Swastika scrawled on the side of one of the huts before it had all vanished .
tr	NN	He released a tormented growl , one part fear ... but another part pleasure .
tr	NN	Fucking typical chestnut mare ! "
tr	NN	She did not know the status of the patient .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths , trying to calm my racing heart .
tr	NN	After putting the gun and clip down , she lifted a revolver .
tr	NN	Climbing down the squeaky staircase .
tr	NNS	From the spherical shaped mounts , the Kraken , once locked into orbit above any would be victim , could launch ballistic missiles from space .
tr	NN	" Cabin " and " rations " do not adequately express the quality of life on the Gaea prior to the catastrophe .
tr	NN	He had a red rag in his hands , wiping grease from one palm .
tr	NN	" The nuclear field , " Adam says , a dawning realization in his voice .
tr	NN	We must have driven a quarter of a mile before Mike spoke .
tr	NNS	Almost every other woman he had met who moved in her circles had plastic breasts that did not sag , bag or jiggle .
tr	NNS	I have finals tomorrow . "
tr	NN	At first guests typically send correspondence explaining that they intend to prolong their stay .
tr	NNS	It doesn 't show any data . "
tr	NN	He shoved an electronic scanner at me .
tr	NN	They might as well have been watching an Italian comedy .
tr	NN	I integrated my artificial intelligence and pattern recognition programs into its coding an -- " " I told you to stop playing around with artificial intelligence ! "
tr	NNS	" The researchers routinely tested all students and faculty , looking for subjects who showed hints of paranormal talent .
tr	NN	Just thinking about it made her shudder .
tr	NN	She dropped a napkin over the bulk of the potatoes .
tr	NNS	His admission sent talons of hope soaring through her veins .
tr	NN	She climbed the beautiful staircase that led to the second floor of the three story residence .
tr	NN	As he had written his thoughts down , even more thoughts had followed , unbidden .
tr	NNS	I 'd attended patients as they gasped their last terrified death .
tr	NN	He gave her a peeved glare .
tr	NNS	Even though Benji held all the cards , he still had the instincts .
tr	NNS	The writing gathered here takes many forms and evokes many moods .
tr	NN	" I don 't have an appointment .
tr	NNS	I also killed millions of people for good reason .
tr	NNS	In order to lend verisimilitude , Eleanor wandered the shops on the square and nearby streets , buying little gifts for the Mackenzie children and their mothers .
tr	NNS	The man 's mellifluous voice churned her insides to butter .
tr	NNS	She would meet up with the two " detectives " in a couple of hours .
tr	NNS	He lifted the coins as gently as he could , and threw them against the wall .
tr	NNS	Whenever I 'm with her , I get breathless .
tr	NNS	We made some ... modifications to the building .
tr	NNS	" My beautiful sons . "
tr	NNS	Riley secretly challenged various tribal leaders to duels .
tr	NNS	" But I brought seven more plates . "
tr	NNS	" My daddy and all my uncles would wear their white suits and Panama hats , and Mama and my aunts would cook for days . "
tr	NN	When the vampire had disappeared , so had the doorknob .
tr	NN	I understood his meaning though .
tr	NNS	She only made noises when she wanted something to eat or had to use the toilet .
tr	NNS	How will Isaiah and I find five thousand dollars ?
tr	NN	The people of Nu Pike sensed an unknown quality about the man .
tr	NNS	And they have powerful noses .
tr	NN	Claire easily yanked the shovel out of his hands .
tr	NNS	His legs brushed the treetops at the edge of the clearing , and he landed hard , skidding to his knees .
tr	NN	His dark eyes laser through me .
tr	NN	When he rounded the corner , Zane saw their companions loitering around one of the emergency bays near a closed curtain .
tr	NN	I 'd never had occasion to use it before , but now I was glad I had it .
tr	NNS	He figured any safety benefits to shushing her were outweighed by the need to keep her awake .
tr	NNS	He parted her thighs and thrust himself into her .
tr	NNS	Lucas brushed his thumbs across my cheeks and cradled my face in his hands .
tr	NNS	Her shoulder is having similar issues .
tr	NN	I wet a paper towel and pressed it to my eyes .
tr	NN	" We should go in , " I admitted lamely , not willing to acknowledge my sense of powerlessness to comfort Jenny .
tr	NNS	I could feel their splashes and smell their blood coursing through their body .
tr	NN	" Get outta here !
tr	NN	I raised my rifle to fire , but the figure disappeared into a thick stand of trees .
tr	NNS	" Aphrodite , " says Hephaestus , and he reaches for my hand .
tr	NNS	I just had expectations , that 's all . '
tr	NN	Afterwards we can discuss her file in private . "
tr	NNS	As we followed him into the next room , he was searching the shelves and calling , " Mikey , Mikey .
tr	NNS	Refresh their supplies , give them new horses , send them on their way .
tr	NN	She wants the whole package , not just him .
tr	NN	His leg practically touched her bare thigh .
tr	NNS	The fairies accused the witches because they sometimes used tiger blood in some of their spel s .
tr	NN	My mother tosses her napkin onto the table .
tr	NNS	" Because the debilitating mental condition , while compromising social functioning , can often produce some astounding savant abilities . "
tr	NNS	He grabbed two red Solo cups and held them to the man in charge of the faucet end of the keg .
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	Whitlock pushed those thoughts aside and returned her attention to the screen , she widened the dates in the search by five years and searched again .
tr	NN	" First , take responsibility for your actions .
tr	NN	I cried out his name hoarsely , unable to even try to keep it in .
tr	NNS	" You 've got some skills .
tr	NN	She carried a tankard of ale and went to Teague first to refill his goblet .
tr	NN	Finally , he had attained one item on his list .
tr	NNS	" Vampires , " Scott explained , " always turn religious leaders .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps -- I have some contracts to read through .
tr	NN	Each subsequent night we go out together , we will choose a different category until we find exactly what your type is .
tr	NN	" I can recall every detail from my life , but not the moment of my death .
tr	NNS	He generated leads for us . "
tr	NNS	Some had kingdoms all their own , ruled over by animal leaders . "
tr	NN	She followed his advice .
tr	NNS	" You got any more surprises ? "
tr	NNS	She and Sam were making the afternoon deliveries , and she didn 't need the lights to see the road .
tr	NN	One shoulder higher than the other , a nasty curved spine .
tr	NNS	A few men sitting on the floor held cards reading , ' will work for drugs . '
tr	NNS	I made Reuben sandwiches for us that night , and we 'd been fast friends ever since .
tr	NNS	Your dad 's up with the big guy in the sky , probably robbing the heavenly treasure stores and having the time of his life . "
tr	NN	But she didn 't retract the claim .
tr	NN	I walked down our narrow staircase to the living room and kitchen and thought about what I could do in the next forty minutes or so .
tr	NN	" Did Alyse have a second babe ? "
tr	NNS	Stuffed rabbits dressed in ball gowns adorned the shelves , and the walls actually had oil paintings of Queen Victoria .
tr	NNS	Their feet had talons , so they were prohibited to use them as weapons because they were sharp enough to cut .
tr	NNS	I remember our trips up the highway .
tr	NN	" Actually , I have a confession to make . "
tr	NNS	She was doing her finances .
tr	NNS	" Uh , I put the usual ingredients in .
tr	NNS	In a simple way , the astronomers and physicists who considered the possibility of contact with extraterrestrial life imagined wonderful benefits to mankind from such a contact .
tr	NN	These days his face held a permanent scowl .
tr	NN	She undid the snap of her pants .
tr	NN	Aden looked Joe over , his expression remaining blank .
tr	NNS	It will probably keep the wolves at bay more easily .
tr	NN	We 'll have more privacy to ask them some questions . "
tr	NNS	Maia hooked her thumbs through the belt loops on her jeans .
tr	NN	While he searched , he heard a moan from behind him .
tr	NN	" We spend every raid in here . "
tr	NNS	They stood like statues , not daring to move , or speak , or show any sign of emotion .
tr	NNS	A sharp pain wrenched his heart , twisted his insides .
tr	NN	The waterfall had the same effect on me that it normally did , and I was quite content to sit on my usual rock and watch it .
tr	NNS	Buildings to either side dated back centuries .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	We have the same interests , the same desire for these poor , downtrodden citizens .
tr	NN	They tested the equipment .
tr	NNS	" As they say , do not underestimate the students of public schools . "
tr	NNS	The gashes in his cheek were completely healed , the small scratches disappearing before her eyes .
tr	NNS	Pamela had two sons by a previous marriage ; it ended in divorce .
tr	NNS	" I don 't see ghosts , I 'm not - I - " " I have said that I believe you . "
tr	NNS	Teachers , please lead your students now to their classrooms . "
tr	NNS	" You can 't cover your tracks completely .
tr	NNS	He 's good at that - willing folks to chill the eff out .
tr	NNS	The rays of the sun by now exceeded the shingles and the sill .
tr	NN	But to whomsoever I give the beautiful Indra , I shall receive therefrom eternal loyalty .
tr	NN	I don 't even know anybody there .
tr	NN	Then he caught a glimpse of Lily forgotten behind him .
tr	NN	Remembering the euphoria produced a flutter through her pelvis , that delicious pull of arousal .
tr	NNS	" We grabbed sandwiches before we left . "
tr	NNS	The second elf had two small blades in his hands .
tr	NNS	Tristan cut the engines again and kept his hand tense on the switches .
tr	NN	In fact , all the boulders around gave us the uncanny impression of human figures hunched by the weight of the granite .
tr	NNS	She was always collecting strange little treasures of that sort .
tr	NN	" Who says steak every day ain 't healthy for you ? "
tr	NN	His fingers rubbed a sensuous massage into her scalp .
tr	NNS	" Giant ears , long trunk , eats peanuts .
tr	NNS	He grabbed the carcass of the wolf and threw it at the other wolves .
tr	NNS	Rush watched her actions carefully and noted that the inside of the fridge was well stocked .
tr	NN	He grasps his cock and begins to stroke himself .
tr	NNS	The aroma of garlic and sizzling peppers wafted delicately through the apartment .
tr	NN	He 's wearing a t-shirt and jeans and looks younger than usual .
tr	NN	" How did you break the trance ? "
tr	NNS	" Lie back and open your thighs .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs at them .
tr	NNS	" Fry their systems .
tr	NNS	But definitely not human hearts .
tr	NNS	" It probably would give me nightmares . "
tr	NNS	I heard birds singing , and the heat of the day was well advanced .
tr	NNS	A lot of Earth people still hate colonists .
tr	NN	I spied the piano from across the vast cathedral , gleaming dully , sitting high on the raised dais .
tr	NN	Wherever I am , I will wait patiently for you , knowing you are carrying out the task that is so important to me .
tr	NN	I get the impression he 's not even really looking at me .
tr	NN	" Below the cable bolt on that wall .
tr	NNS	Hannah studied the marks the fight had left on her son 's young , handsome face .
tr	NNS	I didn 't understand his obscure responses .
tr	NNS	He lined up a few items on the top of the pile and then looked up .
tr	NNS	The coroner would find drugs in the boy 's system .
tr	NNS	They didn 't give any specifics .
tr	NN	Her mum had even bought a ridiculously expensive and elaborately embroidered gown , one she would sometimes wear on an evening .
tr	NNS	Because I 've spotted other lights , floating through the air from different directions , all angling towards the same spot several hundred yards ahead of me .
tr	NN	The fabric of time and space will slither off the needle , never to be seen again , and all will be at an end . "
tr	NN	He let out a moan mixed with laughter .
tr	NN	" Would you eat a shark ? "
tr	NNS	" I also said ten drops of your blood for every drop of his . "
tr	NNS	" My powers . "
tr	NN	Bettina offered her non constructive advice .
tr	NNS	They could hear a few random gun shots as well , but nothing else , just darkness and silence .
tr	NNS	I could watch the teary eyed reports as I raced from waiting area to waiting area .
tr	NN	The bag takes my punishment without complaint .
tr	NN	Pierce can only manage a snort of derision before he walks toward the hallway .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , got in a few rumbles , did some drugs , lost my virginity . "
tr	NN	The dwindling light framed the castle in flame .
tr	NNS	Had the talisman granted fast healing powers along with swift changing ability ?
tr	NNS	A labyrinth of tunnels hides the pools of water beneath the hills .
tr	NN	He started pacing around the bedroom like a caged lion , throwing out pieces of what he had lived with and hated .
tr	NNS	" I have the hiccups . "
tr	NN	He held a fork in one hand , and touched my knee with the other .
tr	NN	He grabbed his backpack off the bed he claimed and gathered whatever odds and ends had made their way around the room .
tr	NNS	Yet here I am , running errands and being treated like I 'm newly hatched . "
tr	NN	" Gods of wind , of fire , of land and water , of trees and of men , hear my prayer .
tr	NN	He handed me a huge bouquet of red roses drowning in baby 's breath .
tr	NN	Shivers lanced down her spine .
tr	NN	He easily dodges the swing of her wooden bokken and swipes his in an arch through the air -- as I did to Olivia earlier .
tr	NN	I said hey , and he asked if I 'd gotten any card packs lately , and I said I hadn 't .
tr	NNS	It would have broken their hearts . "
tr	NN	As I limped inside , I heard a soft moan and froze .
tr	NNS	Even here , they wore the long dusty coats and battered black top hats of their profession .
tr	NNS	Should I follow my instincts ?
tr	NNS	Finnick balls up his rope in his hand .
tr	NN	We had the wrong gender all along .
tr	NNS	Once more it snapped its jaws to the left but found naught but vacant air instead of the flesh it desired .
tr	NN	" Dragon scales , we must find a healer ! "
tr	NN	Mr. Gonsalves smoothed his comb over and put on a stern expression .
tr	NN	When I destroyed the vessel , I destroyed the only other possibility of his being released . "
tr	NN	' Does he need saving ? '
tr	NN	Helena pushed a stray auburn curl behind her ear .
tr	NNS	She also ignored the satisfied smirks on the faces of Marcy 's friends .
tr	NN	He gives a mock salute .
tr	NNS	Into the great western ocean she had been cast - the waters that ran to the end of the world .
tr	NN	She put down her teacup and stepped forward impulsively to wrap her arms around Emerson 's waist .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want lies - " He touched her .
tr	NNS	You didn 't give me any restrictions , including staying in town .
tr	NNS	" Some lords treat their peasants poorly , but we would never accept such into our fellowship .
tr	NNS	" Please activate the rear cameras .
tr	NN	She made a vague gesture with one hand .
tr	NNS	I bump knuckles with Henry , and he smiles at me .
tr	NNS	She had absolutely no doubts about Morley ; he was all vampire , all the time .
tr	NNS	We develop our own photographs . "
tr	NN	She gently cupped his silky smooth shaft in her hand , loving the strength of the hardened flesh .
tr	NN	" Save the speech . "
tr	NNS	His expression turned sly .
tr	NNS	" What about your clients ? "
tr	NN	" And , a groom along with the church steeple and wedding cake . "
tr	NNS	Christine dusted the crumbs from her hands and hurried to the large parcels , which the servant had deposited on the opposite end of the table .
tr	NN	I left the bloody rag on the blanket , and touched my hand to his face .
tr	NN	Then run the towel under my eyes to catch the remnants of mascara that pooled there when I washed my face .
tr	NNS	I had my doubts .
tr	NNS	As I have not been able to question any of them directly , I have doubts concerning those tales . "
tr	NNS	She might need those coins .
tr	NNS	The sisters had had their issues in the past , but they 'd tried to put all of that behind them after the fire last year .
tr	NN	He entered a code on a small keypad set into the statue 's base and the concealed document safe swung open .
tr	NN	Or maybe he was covering his own shout of completion .
tr	NN	There was something else , too , that made my skin itch about these three .
tr	NN	" Pay out the rope as I go over the edge . "
tr	NN	" I appreciate your willingness to look in on me , but ... but I don 't think that 's a good idea . "
tr	NN	Maybe the new vibration she 'd just mentioned had changed the quality of her blood , but whatever it was , he loved it .
tr	NNS	You should get some business cards made up .
tr	NN	- No , I just felt so much pity on her .
tr	NN	He held a noose in his hand .
tr	NN	I had my fork in one hand and my phone in the other .
tr	NN	When she didn 't recoil , he brushed his knuckles down her cheek .
tr	NN	Scrambling to avoid the onslaught of projectiles , Link suddenly remembers his nemesis using a similar tactic in the past .
tr	NN	He 'd never , not once in his life , felt the urge to pin a woman down on their next date .
tr	NNS	CHAPTER ONE Eight inches .
tr	NNS	" They have healing powers .
tr	NNS	As he studied the outline , he remembered the small outlying islands at the entrance to the Cook Strait .
tr	NNS	She 'd been counting cards since she 'd learned to count .
tr	NNS	So , for me to have killed her would take the talents of a magician .
tr	NN	She only had so much willpower - and she 'd reached her limit for the day .
tr	NN	What the fuck are you doing here ? "
tr	NNS	The computer , the only one in the world , had access points at every Temporal Constabulary station throughout the planet .
tr	NN	" But how would you charge the battery ? "
tr	NN	When he rounded the bend that had blocked his view of the work truck , he saw the second player .
tr	NNS	Others had tales that she was eternal , godly , while others said she was pure malefic , associated with the devil himself .
tr	NNS	We didn 't have uniforms at St. Vladimir 's .
tr	NN	" Beyond the range of Guardian Angel .
tr	NNS	By the time Sam hit his teens , his mother 's veneer had finally cracked wide open and the fights began .
tr	NNS	I removed the identifying labels , invited him over for dinner , and then told him he had to slaughter the chickens .
tr	NNS	I have contacts at the Pentagon -- " " Of course you do , " Catherine said cheekily .
tr	NNS	Gravy stuck her eyelashes together and matted her hair .
tr	NNS	" Do you have surveillance cameras around the cemetery now ? "
tr	NNS	Teeth snapped inches from her cheek ; she turned her head to avoid it , trying hard to hold it off as she regained her bearings .
tr	NNS	Having seen her struggle beneath the stranger , his large hand covering her mouth , Devin 's anger engulfed his senses .
tr	NN	" Climb over the railing and hide on the underside ! "
tr	NN	Fear formed an icy knot under my breastbone .
tr	NNS	They all donned goggles , and headed out into the afternoon darkness .
tr	NNS	He handed her one hundred dollars .
tr	NN	Leaning down , he sucked her nipple into his mouth then moved onto the next .
tr	NN	He aimed his dark glare and warning tone at Earl .
tr	NNS	I don 't have seven hundred dollars , let alone eight . "
tr	NN	I saw the structure in the distance off the side of the road , and we slowed our pace as we approached it .
tr	NN	Life does suck , but it 's worth living , especially for moments like the one I just experienced a few hours ago with Quinton .
tr	NNS	" She 's got good instincts .
tr	NNS	" The women in Ramon 's world have no rights or freedom .
tr	NNS	How about I take you two back home before I do my errands ? "
tr	NN	He got his nickname because he 's prickly as a cactus . "
tr	NNS	Unable to stand it anymore , she quickened her strokes until she found the release she needed .
tr	NN	Chris moved into the doorway of the living room , his broad shoulders were slumped , his sandy blond hair disheveled from sleeping on the couch .
tr	NNS	He assessed his ammo stores .
tr	NNS	The construction crew resumed their activities from the previous day .
tr	NN	He moved up and down the halls , searching for her , hoping when he found her , they 'd have privacy .
tr	NNS	" We have many issues . "
tr	NN	With a wrench , he ripped the other 's talisman from his breast and threw it behind him , not looking to see where it landed .
tr	NNS	When I mentioned working as a typist , there were encouraging noises and something to do with ' putting in a good word ' .
tr	NN	No doubt he had a six-pack in kindergarten .
tr	NN	I wasn 't expecting forgiveness .
tr	NNS	Boxes of ammo lined the shelves .
tr	NNS	Suddenly he felt dizzy , and his legs staggered .
tr	NNS	I can 't handle the numbness any longer . "
tr	NN	She held a small basket up for him to see .
tr	NN	He didn 't offer a handshake ; the arrogance was typical Joshua Merit .
tr	NN	A hot streak of lust speared his belly and stung his spine .
tr	NNS	" See the five numbers ? "
tr	NNS	They 're putting more sensors around the sphere . "
tr	NN	" Hey , I can 't take all the credit for our children .
tr	NNS	" Why are you ringing the numbers on father 's phone ? "
tr	NNS	Quinn paid little heed and was more concerned by reaching the top and getting some help for his possibly bent divers .
tr	NNS	We 're called disciples .
tr	NNS	" Setting up the conditions ?
tr	NNS	The little Siren would use her powers and lure many people here that we used . "
tr	NNS	" How do you tell the servants from the masters then ? "
tr	NN	For you have doom either your daughter , or yourself .
tr	NNS	Everyone 's had nightmares .
tr	NNS	I 'd seen his past lovers - sexy , voluptuous women with curves and cleavage reminiscent of classic Hollywood starlets .
tr	NNS	Don 't doubt my mad skills . "
tr	NNS	" How many dogs do you have , Conor ? "
tr	NNS	As I passed the car nearest the door , I saw the remains of a severed finger looped around a key ring .
tr	NN	Taking a barren patch of land and creating something out of it .
tr	NNS	What for I want your bloody buckets ? "
tr	NNS	He nudged her thighs apart to place his h * ps between her legs .
tr	NNS	We send our silent yet powerful signals .
tr	NNS	Abbey could feel Damien 's hardness inside his shorts , prodding her .
tr	NNS	Big brother took out the real targets .
tr	NN	He 'd find another avenue to squelch that red head .
tr	NNS	As he finished , little Gnat blew out the candles and led his new friends back to the castle .
tr	NNS	A heart he prayed would give second chances .
tr	NN	She put the tape back on and he started to throw himself from side to side .
tr	NNS	Had she made those scratches ?
tr	NNS	And now the head of the gobbling boy came up , thick bright red al around his mouth .
tr	NNS	She could even see the sweats on Chris ' forehead which made him look like a jewelry sparkling .
tr	NNS	He ran a hundred yards ahead of Mitch .
tr	NN	Damon always had an odd effect on her .
tr	NNS	This time he wrote five runes .
tr	NN	He would have preferred some privacy for this call , but he sure as hell was not going to get any of that right now .
tr	NN	I was even wearing a nice blouse and had pulled my hair up in a bun with chopsticks pushed through it .
tr	NNS	And the idea of one coming so close to the house had all the Wardens in a tizzy .
tr	NN	It completely killed the parasite .
tr	NN	Between the two of them , she learned that lesson well .
tr	NN	" You silly bugger .
tr	NNS	Fighting wouldn 't solve their issues anymore .
tr	NNS	Please make yourselves at home .
tr	NNS	Or are you still playing clueless ? "
tr	NN	Jack used his incredible foresight to call in the van 's registration number before the shooting had begun .
tr	NN	We walked down the silent passageway , but instead of slipping into the library or somewhere she took me into the giant garden .
tr	NN	Courtney shoves her ice cream away , too .
tr	NN	An ancient Chinese military general , strategist , and philosopher , Sun Tzu presented a philosophy for managing conflicts and winning battles .
tr	NNS	Up to now , he never had any doubts about what he was doing and for what .
tr	NN	I grasp the doorknob and turn , so slowly , not even realizing I 've lost invisibility until I see my feet crossing the threshold .
tr	NNS	Using enhanced strength , she bent the bottom of the fence just a few inches so she could wiggle through .
tr	NNS	But anyway , we 'll feature new bands if the story 's interesting enough .
tr	NN	Bradford approached the financing in two steps .
tr	NN	When the transaction was completed , Nick extended the small package toward Sarah .
tr	NNS	" Yes Mother " the young man says quietly , " activating systems now " .
tr	NNS	Kelly picked fuzz balls off the blanket .
tr	NN	If anyone were to threaten Cristina in some way , or betray her , she would take revenge .
tr	NNS	Barret pulled out a couple more coins to add to the bribe and then winked casually .
tr	NNS	He removed his goggles , pulled the line and chute in before it could catch on one of the vents , and shucked off the backpack .
tr	NNS	My guy says since Colombia , Lane has been living off the crumbs from other men 's tables .
tr	NN	" And she has a great personality . "
tr	NN	I 've had a sharp pinch to work my way .
tr	NN	* We left the maze and with every step on the grass I found myself actually calming .
tr	NNS	Tessa calculated her funds .
tr	NNS	She put the cups down on a window ledge .
tr	NNS	He consulted the compass on his watch .
tr	NNS	Peering out the window Shay studied the passing shops .
tr	NN	" Did you get your packing done ? "
tr	NNS	In one hand he was holding the reins of his horse , and in the other he held her battered hat .
tr	NNS	We are taking back our rights and our freedom .
tr	NNS	He fought the emptiness that threatened to swallow him .
tr	NN	I picked up a magazine just for something to do .
tr	NNS	I definitely see the numbers , and that 's what she 's imagining when she buys this .
tr	NNS	They finally reached the streetlights that lit the sidewalks and roads .
tr	NNS	Jeremy observed her futile attempts for a few seconds , then snapped his fingers .
tr	NN	The then he connects a short strand of fiber optic cable which he plugs into an open port on the fiber router .
tr	NNS	Where had she learned and perfected those skills ?
tr	NN	He was doing a quick assessment of his injuries before he scanned the area .
tr	NN	Caroline felt the sickening jealousy climbing her entire body .
tr	NN	We don 't want folk to panic . "
tr	NNS	Reaching into her purse , she pulled out two pages torn from magazines .
tr	NN	He pushed her gown higher , bunching it around her waist .
tr	NNS	She picked up her drawing pencils and started making lines , losing herself in the fall and sway of the artistry in making her fall line .
tr	NN	I picked up a pillow from the couch and hurled it in her direction .
tr	NNS	He smiled slyly and kissed her gently on the lips .
tr	NNS	" Get your supplies on board .
tr	NNS	" Looks like all dirt roads , back roads and then it falls away to nothing .
tr	NN	" Should we save any cake for Kiel , Kellar , and the others ? "
tr	NNS	This involved vampire politics and intrigue , and I was being shoved into the middle of it .
tr	NN	I stroke his thigh , enjoying his quick breaths .
tr	NNS	We have three meetings before lunch . "
tr	NN	Luckily , he 'd misjudged the range , and his blade coursed by harmlessly .
tr	NNS	Both were munching moldy biscuits around fire .
tr	NN	Oh , a wooden cross might have an effect on a vamp - if it was driven through his heart .
tr	NN	Jax and Markman descended the short , dirt ramp , their headlamps casting eerie shadows around an eerie hole in the ground .
tr	NN	Begin your duty then , providing an unmatched contribution .
tr	NNS	" But without Jack , who will pull his reins ?
tr	NNS	If an issue came to a head , the gods would make their judgments .
tr	NN	The last month had seen some additional states vote on the issue .
tr	NN	No flipping the saucer up or down .
tr	NNS	Mike had no illusions .
tr	NNS	Then I heard three consecutive knocks .
tr	NN	You could ride a motorcycle that you turned by rocking it from side to side .
tr	NNS	No father could have better sons . "
tr	NNS	They mounted their bikes and rode slowly through the stone archway where the woman indicated .
tr	NN	As she turned toward the door , Sue saw the jade plant she 'd given me .
tr	NN	Her mom took the tuna casserole and handed Georgie the dog .
tr	NNS	To think I 've been wasting precious bucks on flowers and candy all these years . "
tr	NN	He replaced the receiver and pushed another button on the console .
tr	NNS	" Demons find demon blood soothing ?
tr	NN	Melissa waved her fork in the air , her mouth full of food .
tr	NN	You younger men , you all want touchable proof .
tr	NNS	The ward gave him the creeps .
tr	NN	called down the golden cock .
tr	NN	" Not meaning to brag , but let 's do a quick review of what we 've already done for Earth . "
tr	NN	James swallowed the knot in his throat .
tr	NN	Just started my first semester a couple months ago .
tr	NN	Would you like a slice ? "
tr	NN	I fought back a groan .
tr	NNS	Hal nearly dropped his cards in shock .
tr	NNS	One day I 'll give them all hugs for it .
tr	NN	Did he honestly think a run-of-the-mill rope would contain me ?
tr	NNS	He had nightmares of coils , slimy and black within the faucets , hiding in the bathtub drain , waiting , waiting .
tr	NNS	I had doubts about saving the kidney , but there was less damage than I 'd anticipated .
tr	NNS	Fear turned my insides to ice .
tr	NNS	" You must have some interesting classes . "
tr	NN	Gregor felt a pang of guilt .
tr	NNS	I saw the red flaps , like a mouth opening and closing , and then the camera shot through , into the ventricle , and out again .
tr	NN	This did not have the effect he had hoped .
tr	NN	I fought the natural urge to turn around .
tr	NNS	Serena scans Cordelia 's scales , glittering in the moonlight .
tr	NN	" I haven 't checked my email in a few days man . "
tr	NNS	" Okay , do you like birds ? "
tr	NNS	He made no sudden movements .
tr	NN	Behind her , she heard the boat crunch against the mud .
tr	NNS	She cooked steaks and we had cooked cacti to go with it .
tr	NNS	He explained to the old man , " You see , he can fill up balloons with hot air to make them float .
tr	NN	We have a contractor coming by to give us a quote to rebuild us into a first class place .
tr	NNS	A shield blocks all supernatural powers .
tr	NNS	" Me too , " he said fervently .
tr	NN	It makes delicious ice cream . "
tr	NN	" I recommend padding as well , " she suggested , puffing out her chest slightly , " and a hair fal . "
tr	NNS	Not one of my Immortal ever expected human reactions like physical violence .
tr	NN	" I like my paint on you , my golden doe , because I like how I put it on you .
tr	NN	She even didn 't take a towel to make her face dry .
tr	NNS	I took a few silent breaths trying to calm the fear that consumed every part of me .
tr	NN	I don 't even get one peek around inside before he starts kissing me , backing me up against the door .
tr	NNS	" Damn the losses ! "
tr	NN	Jenny got a glimpse of tear tracks on the dark skin , shining blue and purple in the light , then Dee turned back .
tr	NN	Then she heard the splashing and a cry for help from her brother .
tr	NN	I asked Liv 's receptionist .
tr	NNS	Leaving the room , I told the servants to check on her every few minutes and to keep her pitcher filled with cool water .
tr	NN	But he 'd never found that haven .
tr	NNS	' The wind 'll blow thatch roofs right off the houses . '
tr	NNS	Institute a good legal system , build highways , roads , bridges , dams , and schools .
tr	NNS	Cowboy Bob reels the cables in as the balloon drifts slowly upwards .
tr	NNS	Dee , Audrey , Mike , Summer , and Zach had had their nightmares .
tr	NNS	They lock their pets with a remote ? "
tr	NNS	1963 Heath and co-workers ( U.S.A. ) allow patients to stimulate themselves , at will , via implanted electrodes .
tr	NN	" And to create an impression of distance . "
tr	NNS	" We had big issues , Lauren . "
tr	NNS	She appreciated the way his biceps tensed and bunched .
tr	NN	I looked the contraption up and down .
tr	NN	" You can 't alter this priceless scientific interaction . "
tr	NN	He 'd never felt such fury .
tr	NN	He tossed the material away .
tr	NN	It was like watching a candle being blown out by the wind .
tr	NNS	I ruined our chances the day I agreed to Holly 's stupid idea , and here I am taking the heat for her .
tr	NNS	The circular town square had little cardboard shops .
tr	NN	' Used to be like starting a biplane , ' he said absently , hardly expecting her to listen .
tr	NNS	" Well , it warps and twists their physical forms .
tr	NN	Had the gunmen used the same method of escape ?
tr	NNS	Without a word to anyone , I stacked dishes into the washer , tied on my apron , and took customers ' orders .
tr	NNS	I ignored the stares we were getting from everyone and concentrated on getting Kenzie to class .
tr	NN	" So , you played football ?
tr	NNS	On top of that , they were sold another thousand bucks of software and newsletters .
tr	NNS	The Sphinx made quotation marks with her hands .
tr	NN	If I have to tame him like a savage beast , I will find the patience .
tr	NN	With a growl Tex threw the remaining towel across the room and unhooked my bra .
tr	NNS	Everyone dropped their cards and wrote down all the information .
tr	NN	He barely repressed a groan .
tr	NNS	She took three cups and saucers from the cabinet and set them on the kitchen table .
tr	NN	" Like a knob . "
tr	NN	I like his command for words .
tr	NN	Bernard rolls down the hill and hits the bottom with an oomph .
tr	NNS	" So , you invited Cass to the party . "
tr	NN	How the hell could they trace that leak ?
tr	NNS	" Broke three ribs ?
tr	NN	He wore only the kilt and nothing else .
tr	NN	He handed her a chunk of chocolate .
tr	NNS	Who else would attend those classes ?
tr	NN	He had a jet-black beard and wore a leather motorcycle vest covered in badges over a thin t-shirt .
tr	NN	I could still see the torment in his eyes when he confessed to the arson .
tr	NNS	Maybe I would get bonus points with my boss .
tr	NNS	He passed out short spears and nets and again told them to ' go fishing , ' but to stay within the reef .
tr	NNS	Both had heavy hearts .
tr	NNS	Maybe -- maybe I could overcome my fears of what condition I 'd find him in and just BE there .
tr	NN	" What the fuck do you mean by that ? "
tr	NN	How could she resist such an endearment ?
tr	NN	I pinched his washboard abs through his t-shirt .
tr	NNS	Healers never stuck needles into people 's arms .
tr	NNS	I followed two such innocents deep into the fields , a brother and sister who held hands and spoke of the exciting events of the previous evening .
tr	NNS	A shadow darkened the heavens , and he threw himself into the lea of a boulder and covered his head with his hands .
tr	NNS	By the time that Jessie pulled up out front , we 'd already made one hundred bucks .
tr	NNS	As January turned into February , we made other discoveries about the changes in Lucas .
tr	NNS	" I got bugs on my fur .
tr	NNS	' It is hot in here , ' said Legolas to Gandalf . '
tr	NNS	Soon all of them brought their buckets to Mandy so they could compare their finds .
tr	NN	She opened the refrigerator and pulled out a beer .
tr	NN	Kylie swallowed a tight knot down her throat .
tr	NNS	The Internal Investigations Unit never took chances , preferring caution at every turn .
tr	NN	Bloom switched off his umbrella and put it away .
tr	NNS	I just gave her a thumbs up and she shook her head as I sat back down at my desk .
tr	NN	" I hit a shovel back there and tipped them off .
tr	NNS	They 've had messengers burning up the road between here and Tol Rane for the past two weeks . '
tr	NNS	I would bet dollars to donuts he is on the Foster payroll . "
tr	NN	The article ended by noting the Park Service had no objection to the university 's plans .
tr	NNS	Aedan and Nathan could see the six new houses clearly in the deepening twilight .
tr	NN	Sarah fought the urge to stomp her foot in frustration .
tr	NN	Had she entered an alternative universe where the men didn 't have a filter between their mouth and brain ?
tr	NNS	I 'd turned into the bleeding heart , nostalgic chump I 'd had nightmares of becoming .
tr	NN	Well you 've picked the wrong opponent , Sweetheart . "
tr	NNS	I heard her movements , her French mutterings and a strange droning sound .
tr	NNS	But Elena 's return from the dead had swept away all his doubts .
tr	NN	He slapped her thigh , glaring at her .
tr	NN	" I 'd also love a t-shirt . "
tr	NNS	At best , it caused hallucinations and disorientation .
tr	NN	They used my own pen to probe my wound .
tr	NN	Eventually , Jac drew the celebration back to order and told them to finish cutting their cake .
tr	NNS	And those factories " -- she pointed to some new structures by the track -- " must have attracted some outside workers .
tr	NNS	In each of their hands , they held shiny , sharp , steel spears .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths .
tr	NN	I entered the stall and pulled back the top of the toilet .
tr	NN	Cole felt an instinctive terror .
tr	NNS	" You give him enough breaks for all of us . "
tr	NN	" What -- " He pulled her cunt down to him , shoving his tongue inside her .
tr	NN	I entered the foyer , and the vaulted ceiling with an enormous wrought iron chandelier immediately caught my attention .
tr	NNS	Can you smell freshly chopped peppers ? '
tr	NN	He delicately dragged the curtain along the track , a few inches at a time , until it was nearly closed .
tr	NN	She could feel its sinister intent , but the specifics of what it was trying to do were lost to her .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of his chest puff up slightly .
tr	NNS	The young colony has been suffering raids on its incoming and outgoing cargo vessels .
tr	NN	She said a quick prayer for Cage 's safety .
tr	NN	" You take cream , right ? "
tr	NN	With Roman standing behind her , she had a hunch they weren 't over yet .
tr	NNS	One jury gives the plaintiff a million bucks .
tr	NNS	" Like the wolves ? "
tr	NNS	I 'm getting covers with colors no one has ever even seen before .
tr	NN	He had no earthly prayer of taking Kincaid .
tr	NN	It also controls powdery mildew and grease spot .
tr	NN	Stray tendrils of hair escaped the confinement of her ponytail and blew around her pale face .
tr	NN	" Confirming your dentist appointment with Dr. Brown . "
tr	NNS	Callum would have centuries with their children .
tr	NN	She called to tell him she 'd won him another vote whenever she convinced a Vicki Nibley supporter to switch sides .
tr	NNS	I sat next to Jesse and the other varsity seniors on the football team .
tr	NNS	" They have families to feed .
tr	NNS	" He has already organized the planting teams . "
tr	NN	" And never without researching a new topic first . "
tr	NN	He pulled the silk material free of her waistline and disposed of it as effectively as he had her coat .
tr	NN	I opened the janitor 's closet , feeling vaguely like I 'd just been hit in the stomach .
tr	NNS	With a heavy sigh he ladled more vegetables onto his plate and said , " I can 't promise to let it go forever .
tr	NNS	You watch and weigh other people 's reactions so you can manipulate them . "
tr	NN	Mac 's mother laid her bouquet near the pink granite stone that sat flush to the ground .
tr	NN	He laid down his menu .
tr	NN	She could hear the wood railing starting to crack and then SNAP !
tr	NNS	Among the ruins lay broken black space ships of varying styles and sizes , some sleek like fighter craft , others massive and bulky like cargo craft .
tr	NNS	Similar professional interests . "
tr	NNS	Your being here speaks volumes .
tr	NN	" Hutch , she has more talent than any of us . "
tr	NN	The gunshot filled the cockpit with noise .
tr	NNS	Only in the last quarter century , under the urgings of the Spacers , had robots filtered their slow way into the Cities .
tr	NN	At the very start of the day when we were having breakfast in the makeshift dining hall , General Goldsmith made the announcement .
tr	NN	" Our blood and , ultimately , our bodies , welcome the soil .
tr	NNS	The three of them murmured polite greetings to me .
tr	NN	He finished his whisky and got up .
tr	NN	Garrett had soot on his face from the explosion .
tr	NNS	I pull the blinds down again , " Do what ? "
tr	NNS	DQ and Maisie exchange phone numbers .
tr	NN	" Mack , you 're trying to tell me that Talia , who weighs a hundred pounds , beat the crap out of you ? "
tr	NN	They appointed a committee to look into it . '
tr	NN	Lucky for Sheba , she 'd pulled off a good betrayal at the last minute that took out two of the romances .
tr	NN	Minutes later she heard the door slam and there was silence .
tr	NN	With his free hand , he unzipped the backpack and dumped the contents next to his prisoner .
tr	NN	He had a patch over his one eye , and it looked as though he was winking at us with the other .
tr	NNS	But another thought presses at your mind .
tr	NNS	Between that , I had SOS assignments .
tr	NN	" Oh , thank goodness it 's you , Lily ! "
tr	NN	He tipped a white peaked cap at them with an uneasy smile .
tr	NN	He could feel Vladimir 's rib cage moving , clicking , separating , cracking , crushing .
tr	NN	He felt magic emanating from her .
tr	NN	Did Dad use basketball the way I do ?
tr	NN	Opening her eyes , she combed back an errant strand of blond hair that had escaped its efficient ponytail before turning her attention back to the bones .
tr	NNS	* The developing nations of the world did not understand this fact ; once cleared , the jungle soil yielded disappointing crops .
tr	NN	His brother Dax had inadvertently crafted his own nickname while his sister Harp didn 't need anything shorter .
tr	NNS	We ate our reheated meals -- to be honest , no more than army rations -- sitting around a camp fire built up from abandoned furniture .
tr	NNS	I have no aspirations of conquest or malice towards anyone in particular although I do enjoy the occasional beating of a monster though . "
tr	NN	" I 'm having deja vu . "
tr	NN	He tapped his pen on the edge of his desk .
tr	NN	My pulse races yet she has a calming effect too .
tr	NNS	She flipped the cards over one at a time .
tr	NN	It gets no shift premium for its twenty four hour cover , with no coffee breaks or holidays .
tr	NNS	His stares were giving me the creeps .
tr	NN	With one last look , he grabbed his cap from the table and turned to leave , stopping at the end of the couch .
tr	NN	Her cuteness had no effect on Father .
tr	NN	Raoul tapped the gold cap on the bottom of his cane against the floor , somewhat agitated , as always when making excuses for his misanthropic brother .
tr	NN	Deliberately he brought her knuckles to the warmth of his lips .
tr	NNS	They considered their actions as borderline treason .
tr	NNS	They would have no more arguments , no more kisses or lovemaking .
tr	NN	" What the hel did I ever do to him ? "
tr	NN	She immediately dropped the whisk in a bowl and headed out the door after him .
tr	NN	Get the district attorney on the phone .
tr	NN	He 'd set a goal and was determined to achieve it ; she would 've done the same .
tr	NN	After meeting with Dr. Lee , I gave him a rank of five stars .
tr	NN	With one hand , he opened the closet and pulled out Isaac 's duffle bag .
tr	NNS	Someone had made offers ?
tr	NN	The agent gave him a quick thumbs-up and waved him away .
tr	NN	I must keep my dagger from becoming trapped beneath its massive body .
tr	NN	I remember an argument I once had with a jellyfish that drifted into town on the morning tide .
tr	NNS	Operation Switchblade had so many potential accidents waiting to happen , even before planes got off the ground .
tr	NN	She pulled the towel off her head and whipped her hair around while she grabbed her comb .
tr	NNS	Which left her breathless , on edge and in a constant state of excitement .
tr	NN	They probably already have our location and are raiding the warehouse now . "
tr	NN	" Steve deserves his imprisonment . "
tr	NNS	Peter Finer could see journalism awards sneaking through the woods towards his mantle , but he tilted his head to one side and frowned .
tr	NNS	Relieved , the squad took off their packs and slumped onto the ground .
tr	NN	" Do you have any other proof ?
tr	NN	There he saw nobody , but all the signs of a large and hurried breakfast .
tr	NNS	Then he had the flaps up and was applying reverse thrusters at full .
tr	NNS	She curiously opened all the small pockets .
tr	NN	Use a pen again .
tr	NN	Tears streaked mascara down her cheeks , and she begged for them to let her go .
tr	NNS	She felt his sudden stillness .
tr	NN	Thank goodness for loose shorts .
tr	NNS	I don 't like breaks in my routine .
tr	NNS	We 're not learning methods or theories , just interpretations . "
tr	NN	Yes , I have my own code of honor now , Jayne .
tr	NN	She rubbed the soap in her hands , frothing up a light lather and began to wash her body .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods I didn 't kill her when I had the chance .
tr	NN	She had a drawer for nothing but garters .
tr	NN	A cold chill snaked down Rusty 's spine .
tr	NNS	" Give her the damned drugs ! "
tr	NNS	Your grandfather had issues , too . "
tr	NNS	Through Stu 's raged expression Johnny glimpsed elements of equally surprised concentration .
tr	NN	" Then skip the airport and go for the ocean . "
tr	NN	" My father does not expect a full shipment .
tr	NNS	A hurricane wind produced by the impact , tore off the roofs of houses hundreds of kilometers away .
tr	NNS	Vendors hawk stringed coins not unlike what young men used to buy during imperial examinations seasons .
tr	NNS	And you must accept the apologies of both myself and my office for this interruption in your day .
tr	NN	Freaking hell , couldn 't he just cool the fuck down ?
tr	NN	He set the emergency brake and wished the anger inside him was as easy to halt .
tr	NN	She got the impression he halfway wanted her to do just that .
tr	NNS	We guys love dogs more than cats because cats won 't do what we want them to but dogs will .
tr	NNS	I watched the birds and the leaves against the sky .
tr	NNS	I keep tabs on Shifters . "
tr	NNS	On the other hand , me being insane doesn 't explain wolves jumping through the windows . "
tr	NN	After eight months of lessons , he still had a wicked slice .
tr	NNS	He pulled her thighs apart and pushed his hand into her heat .
tr	NNS	I suddenly felt dizzy and quickly sat down on a bench at the table .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not taking any chances .
tr	NN	" They mean no harm but to survive as you do . "
tr	NNS	Black would match my sandals . "
tr	NNS	" Okay , don 't turn your cards over .
tr	NN	Josh 's voice fell leaden into the waiting silence .
tr	NNS	" It was built specifically with the bauxite mines in mind , " Greene informed his sons .
tr	NNS	Lucas watched the taillights as she pulled out of the gas station and onto the highway .
tr	NNS	The small , pale oak table only had four chairs , and the twins and Mom sat in three of them .
tr	NNS	We have , upon occasion , hosted meetings for the federal government , particularly the State Department .
tr	NNS	Why don 't we crush a few tabs in the common waterhole ? "
tr	NN	But as he walked closer , I caught a glimpse of the open door behind him and all my survival instincts kicked in .
tr	NN	He couldn 't understand the tremendous uproar to his seizure of one small child .
tr	NN	I don 't know his current status .
tr	NNS	We wandered the aisles chatting as we went .
tr	NN	The young vampire was wearing the same outfit I was , and she looked mouthwatering in it .
tr	NN	Alec tapped a blunt fingertip against her temple .
tr	NNS	Shrubs decorated its steep slopes , along with weeping willows , cork trees , and several species of bamboo .
tr	NNS	" I 've had no reports of children being victimized .
tr	NN	A chill runs down my spine .
tr	NN	" But how many bankruptcy attorneys do you know who 've witnessed a client shoot himself to death ? "
tr	NN	She waved her fork at him in a chiding manner , laughing along with him .
tr	NNS	But I 've errands need doing .
tr	NN	He replaced the cap on the bottle and gingerly returned it to its place on the shelf .
tr	NN	Maybe the worst timing of any couple in history . "
tr	NNS	Then suddenly , I heard splashes of water like its falling from the top of the mountain , like a waterfall or some kind of a stream .
tr	NNS	He was enjoying the samples and after stuffing a mini brownie into his mouth , he hugged his slender wife .
tr	NNS	They 're phasing out the construction crews , and as soon as the inspection 's finished , no more workers , no more noise . "
tr	NN	If I followed it , I must eventually find a stairwell .
tr	NNS	There are a couple of lads he knows , or knew , I should say ; old school pals he would go for a drink with sometimes .
tr	NNS	Picking through the pile of garbage , his fragmented mind drew loose conclusions .
tr	NNS	We all know the signals and what we 're supposed to do when they come .
tr	NNS	I also saw three different cameras and their attendant cameramen hovering nearby .
tr	NNS	He painted the ghosts that escaped through the gap around the vault door .
tr	NNS	She stumbled up and down the slopes , trying to keep herself oriented by the sun .
tr	NNS	Sara had earthy appetites .
tr	NNS	I fired a few shots at them as I lashed out angrily with my words .
tr	NNS	He 'd given out insurance policies for homes , land , business , and property to unsuspecting victims , with no intention of paying them off .
tr	NNS	Hopefully , that will kill any parasites that are in the pipes leading to the house .
tr	NNS	John drove several blocks and parked his car in the lot attached to the front portion of the park .
tr	NNS	Did they have performances of Verdi and Bizet where she was now ?
tr	NNS	She blotted up the drops and secured the dressing tighter .
tr	NN	He dropped to an alleyway , discarding cloak and vest , then grabbed a double handful of ash from the corner .
tr	NN	He would gladly take responsibility for the spiritual training of this new creature of God , for he was determined that the past would not be repeated .
tr	NN	Modernization of populous countries like China has the potential to adversely and irrevocably destabilize the environment .
tr	NNS	And just like it used to , it keeps the nightmares at bay .
tr	NNS	Mother fleas tell their babies , ' Go get her ; she 's yummy ! ' "
tr	NN	His hand , drenched in her cream , cupped her breast , pinched her nipple .
tr	NN	I lifted my boot and kicked the glass as hard as I could .
tr	NN	The driver released the emergency brake and pulled into an empty spot , then cut the engine .
tr	NNS	Cooked food meant dirty dishes and the requirement to have them cleaned .
tr	NNS	Ash tracked his movements with the bow , watching his movements , judging his speed .
tr	NNS	She inhales a few shaky breaths , attempting to regain control of herself .
tr	NNS	Instead of the black suits and glossy shoes she imagined his goons to don , they wore simple slacks and sport coats .
tr	NNS	They scored the leftover lab samples .
tr	NN	' Papers please ' ' Yes sir ' David presented his passport and visa .
tr	NNS	The handle bent down and the door cracked open a few inches .
tr	NNS	He 'd added some bricks with holes clear through them so little Lizards could run in and out .
tr	NN	I gave her a thumbs-up , but felt sick to my stomach with dread .
tr	NNS	" I used Lego building blocks like every other great architect . "
tr	NNS	A moment later , he heard dishes smashing on the floor .
tr	NNS	She flags down a waitress and orders shots for me and Cooper .
tr	NN	Franz was quickly losing patience .
tr	NN	Dann had the most depressing demeanor known to mankind ; even his voice was miserable .
tr	NNS	Ken finished the hamburgers and brought them into the kitchen .
tr	NN	Some days , I can control my reception a lot better than other days .
tr	NNS	I was wearing sweats , and I got nothing from you .
tr	NNS	That vampire had balls .
tr	NN	Someone entered the restroom , and Misty quickly rearranged her clothes to cover the bruise .
tr	NN	" I appreciate the vote of confidence .
tr	NN	I will continue my quest . "
tr	NN	She gave the idea of flowers some serious consideration , but then decided against it .
tr	NNS	" Send par Spirit Mages .
tr	NNS	CHAPTER TWO GIFT Henry appeared inches in front of me , his face twisted with such fury that I shrank back .
tr	NNS	I observe the rites of the dwarf .
tr	NN	For you to find a needle in - God , not even a haystack .
tr	NN	Kenzie gave a triumphant yell , but then the chief whirled with a snarl of rage , swinging his spear at her legs .
tr	NNS	You 've taken all the best attributes of the art world and compiled them into one thing , one beautifully stunning thing .
tr	NNS	But thankfully , he gathered his wits in record time .
tr	NNS	He 's not even stroking my thighs .
tr	NN	" Sam , I 've got a deadline . "
tr	NNS	Two U.S. Air Force pilots pushed the engines to get them to India by midafternoon local time .
tr	NNS	One waiter was gathering the remains of the tortellini while another whisked down fresh plates .
tr	NNS	We couldn 't find any relations .
tr	NN	After a second , I recognized the car stereo Emmett , Rosalie , and Jasper had given me for my last birthday .
tr	NN	He had a language all his own .
tr	NNS	" I 'll give you five hundred dollars . "
tr	NN	Either that or we 'll find the location of Darian the Seer and save the world . "
tr	NN	I punch my dash .
tr	NNS	The dark surroundings threw into relief the human figures , with a Venetian glow of colouring .
tr	NN	If I could only live my life by phone , I could change my personality to suit anyone .
tr	NNS	After a few minutes of candle staring , he drops some extra coins into the candle box .
tr	NNS	The government had purchased billions of dollars ' worth of ammunition in an unprecedented sweep .
tr	NN	His eyelids flutter up , terror filling them .
tr	NN	He let out a deep groan that made the hairs stand on the back of my neck .
tr	NNS	" Not really like your birds , but same principle . "
tr	NN	" You mean the dagger ? "
tr	NNS	Johnnie withdrew a few yards back from the edge , and shrugged off his load of belts and weaponry .
tr	NN	It wasn ´ t till we got to high school that he changed , a tad bit .
tr	NN	Naturally , she applied her coaster brake to avoid surfaces that could never be biked on -- at least at a high speed .
tr	NN	She kept up a running banter with it .
tr	NNS	He slowly moved forward soundless and almost invisible in his camo .
tr	NN	Then he gave a snort .
tr	NNS	Jase , Tim , and I lie on the beach , get hot dogs at the Clam Shack , and lie around some more .
tr	NN	Haven squeezed Noah 's star in her fist before putting it into her jeans pocket .
tr	NNS	Percival brushed the dense cobwebs aside , following Mr. Lonely onto the second floor landing .
tr	NNS	I should be enjoying the first breaths of the last gasp of my senior year .
tr	NN	I found a rope and tied Tres to my seat so she wouldn 't be tempted to jump overboard , but I needn 't have worried .
tr	NN	" But if you go further than amusement you 'll be making the most monumental error .
tr	NN	She raised the menu , a bit embarrassed by that .
tr	NNS	" Watch your gauges closely .
tr	NNS	Tony made several trips to the car while she uploaded files to zip drives .
tr	NN	" You 're pathetic , " she sneered to him , " just like your so-called ' poetry ' . "
tr	NN	He builds the right trap , uses the right bait , pushes the right buttons and bingo !
tr	NN	At this point I had no viable suspect , no motives , but plenty of opportunity .
tr	NN	By the time she resurfaced back to Earth , he had a condom on and was climbing on top of her .
tr	NN	" Oh my god ! "
tr	NNS	Had Amy and Rosy been willing victims , or were they under a spell ?
tr	NN	So it did not take much imagination for him to work out that once again the man was targeting him .
tr	NNS	Ethan was doing too many drugs .
tr	NN	Though I 'd enjoyed spending time with my family the night before , I still enjoyed my solitude .
tr	NN	I should have terminated the pregnancy the instant I found out , before I knew more about it .
tr	NNS	But before he shut the door he yelled , " Get your evil butts off my property ! "
tr	NN	" A very noble designation , " Winston said , " like the Greek hero from the Trojan war . "
tr	NNS	' Observing the heavens ... p ' raps they 're some kind of astronomers or something . '
tr	NN	But the beast , too , sought revenge .
tr	NN	" I have an appointment . "
tr	NN	He knew one method that would get her to retreat and he wasn 't above using it .
tr	NN	Once he had her free he gently removed the gag and regarded her with a somber gaze .
tr	NNS	" Don 't want those maternal instincts kicking in just yet , eh ? "
tr	NN	" Pick a topic , any topic , and there 's a pretty good chance I 'll be frustrated about some element of it . "
tr	NNS	His tone sent a million butterflies winging in the pit of her stomach .
tr	NNS	" The sea monster told bawdy tales ? "
tr	NN	Her sister had accepted her fate with an ice-cold bravery that Kira had long been in awe of .
tr	NN	I sent you an email with all their notices . "
tr	NN	" Mary Magdalene had a beard . "
tr	NNS	Are you having more cubs , then , a better rate of survival ?
tr	NNS	" Not until I required my priests to break this one .
tr	NNS	He 'd probably picked up old Angelica on his way off campus .
tr	NNS	The following afternoon , with the trees thinning and the hills flattening , Jason found the parallel ruts of a cart track .
tr	NN	This changed the dynamic of the exchange .
tr	NNS	The slab slid a few centimeters down the road .
tr	NNS	Greene pulled the folds away from his younger son .
tr	NNS	The author also used some photographs of his own to also help tell the story .
tr	NNS	He convinces ordinary folks who believe in Mom to write in to local papers about how their lives have been changed because Senator Grace Reed cares .
tr	NN	" The wolves owed me a favor , so I asked them to watch over you .
tr	NNS	" I don 't see any marks . "
tr	NNS	Peregrine Pratt was already regretting his opening remarks .
tr	NNS	Did you understand my witty references to the sources , especially on page 496 ?
tr	NN	Mr. Martin T. looks a little flaky .
tr	NNS	A hand -- gray , limp , and lifeless -- lay inches from my left foot .
tr	NNS	Dad had surprisingly given me fifty dollars to find something suitable to wear .
tr	NNS	They stood inches apart .
tr	NNS	He 's taken all the samples he needs for any further testing we plan on doing .
tr	NN	Maybe I was letting my physical attraction to him override my gut instincts .
tr	NN	You and the artists were speaking a foreign language .
tr	NNS	But they had no wheels in use in any other form whatsoever ; and they did not use metal for their weapons .
tr	NNS	Until now she had asked repeatedly ' Is he coming ? '
tr	NNS	She lays down our plates with a flourish , and Caleb and I dig in .
tr	NNS	Release our females ! "
tr	NN	SOS is confirming this cheat , and considering the severity of the findings , we would also like to extend our list of reputable therapists .
tr	NNS	She had had ribbons in her long blond hair .
tr	NNS	But she sounded a little breathless , which , for some reason , made Gavin feel a little breathless , too .
tr	NN	" And hell , Ma and Grandpa probably got the cavalry all riled up by now . "
tr	NN	Was she really questioning a vampire lord who had already shown how easily he could rip into her mind ?
tr	NNS	Chapter One Breezes tickled the treetops , and the roads and sidewalks were dotted with dampness from melted snow and ice .
tr	NN	One of his managers owned the aircraft and had offered the prize to his team members .
tr	NN	I will always remember that horrible outfit .
tr	NNS	If it were simply a question of skill or knowledge , that would mean difficulties enough , but - " He stopped .
tr	NN	Sato pulled out a patch and stuck it to the little girl next to him .
tr	NNS	He brought the plates to the sink , and rinsed out his mother 's glass of milk .
tr	NNS	Julian described her some further examples , but Mia wasn 't convinced .
tr	NN	He never regained consciousness .
tr	NN	I will rather take your grief to be mine than I would take the brightest joy of another woman .
tr	NN	Cole tweaked his easel so I couldn 't see what he was working on .
tr	NNS	This condition dulls the senses and turns the animals eyes red . "
tr	NN	I felt a horrible sensation in my stomach .
tr	NNS	So many lives had already been destroyed , families torn apart .
tr	NNS	The map would give them directions to a cave .
tr	NNS	They both wore radio wires running from their right ears .
tr	NNS	Is that the way you greet all your clients ? "
tr	NNS	I had at least two smart retorts to these sinister words on the tip of my tongue .
tr	NNS	How much harm could he do with your name ?
tr	NNS	I have had two visions that I needed to share with you . "
tr	NNS	Apparently demons didn 't leave tracks .
tr	NNS	We quickly dressed and gathered up the other items .
tr	NN	I 'd drunk a soda and let it go at that .
tr	NN	" They don 't teach philosophy at the Academy . "
tr	NN	So I won 't stand any whining on the subject . "
tr	NN	The two of us will make a bid for freedom together .
tr	NN	From floor to ceiling , it depicted a siege on a temple set amid mountains .
tr	NNS	He eyed the biscuits , licking his lips ; Gwen picked one up and handed it to him .
tr	NN	In some ways , she 'd had such treatment coming .
tr	NN	He opened the email .
tr	NN	He let out a groan but noticed she seemed stronger than she 'd been since his arrival back home .
tr	NN	Maybe you know a chant that will let you fly ! "
tr	NN	The Buddha represents the universe and the Universal Law .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of stacked boxes , tangled wiring .
tr	NN	Or that her mother was planning a fund-raiser without her .
tr	NN	" You said vomit .
tr	NN	A chance to choose my own destiny .
tr	NNS	Benita has worked the past three conferences , hasn 't she ? "
tr	NN	She ripped the silver cap off .
tr	NN	Trust , friendship , love ... lust . "
tr	NNS	He 'd merited three thinly-veiled references in Mrs. Hollings 's gossip column in the past months .
tr	NN	" I 've had an intruder on at least three other occasions .
tr	NNS	We don 't always get fairy-tale endings .
tr	NN	It 's our ... my duty to give love advice . "
tr	NN	Rocking back on his haunches , Mason quickly broke down the rifle , placing each piece into its designated foam slot .
tr	NNS	I drop the packs on the ground and tug at the edge of the carpeting .
tr	NN	He got the impression that pep talk was aimed more at herself than him , but she was right .
tr	NN	I wouldn 't trust anybody who wasn 't because they probably wouldn 't be sane .
tr	NNS	' You mean your sons ? '
tr	NN	He felt a sensation of warmth .
tr	NN	The cost greatly overshadowed the gain .
tr	NN	Boil a bunny in my kitchen ? "
tr	NN	" But you already searched the farm !
tr	NN	Rosenthal spit out a wad of seeds .
tr	NNS	I 'm choosing my own vibes ! " '
tr	NNS	She made a mattress from skins stitched together on three sides .
tr	NN	That tinny piano was banging out a staccato version of " O Holy Night . "
tr	NN	I finish painting over the tag .
tr	NNS	" We can use our special communication skills to work out a solution . "
tr	NN	But he had no patience for that , either .
tr	NNS	She took deep shuddering breaths , her body shaking .
tr	NN	" I will never forgive you for that , " I snap , acid in my voice .
tr	NN	His voice whispered over her body , made every muscle clench with urgent need .
tr	NN	" I 've got my mother 's funeral to plan . "
tr	NNS	I 've seen the circle dances .
tr	NN	We can 't risk a leak like that .
tr	NNS	After all , he had all these forks .
tr	NN	I capped the marker and tossed it down on the table .
tr	NNS	Cheyenne stacked the cans in the fridge .
tr	NNS	... like the kind that builds buildings ?
tr	NN	A few minutes later , in the most remote corner of the yard , nestled between two trees , Robin saw the small wooden structure .
tr	NN	She had the impression that if she desired , she could spring onto the nearest rooftop .
tr	NN	He made the throne he was sitting upon look small .
tr	NNS	" To save thousands , maybe millions of other lives ? "
tr	NN	As I ran up to him I could see the hammering exhaustion of a heart ready to burst .
tr	NN	Rob pulled out a handful of candles and placed them on the counter next to the stove .
tr	NN	" I was just giving you an update . "
tr	NNS	The men all murmured greetings .
tr	NN	He gave her a smirk .
tr	NNS	He also noticed storm clouds approaching out of the northwest .
tr	NNS	People who survive a crash often experience all sorts of guilt and anxiety , concerning why they survived and not others .
tr	NN	Concentrating on her needs , he kept the cloth between them , a shield from his entirely inappropriate and unruly body .
tr	NNS	The words that will remind the clients of my relative hierarchy in the Malvern Yard .
tr	NNS	The length of her hair fell at least six inches past her shoulders .
tr	NN	You 've been giving me crap about remaining home , and now you want me to leave . "
tr	NNS	The new block had three renovated classrooms set as dormitories with white iron beds arranged in rows along the walls .
tr	NN	My mind swirled down the drain of insanity and I stared into the blank chasm that was my life .
tr	NN	Michael grabs a pillow , and turning his back to the pole , lies down .
tr	NN	You could barely block a dagger with either of them , let alone a sword like mine . "
tr	NN	Of course , that got the chuckling to making the rounds .
tr	NNS	Footsteps like the ghosts of footsteps .
tr	NNS	" She did , but I was thinking we could - " " Look , Mr. Carmichael , I don 't see patients in my home .
tr	NNS	I also examined the other members of your household . "
tr	NNS	He was making jokes .
tr	NN	Maybe we can order pizza and have a party right here . "
tr	NN	Constant inner torment or mortality ?
tr	NNS	" Playing connect the freckles , my new favorite game . "
tr	NN	Of course I take full responsibility .
tr	NNS	" We send out scout patrols now paired with first and second Primes and their respective master and mistress .
tr	NN	The statues circled the entire balcony , each facing out toward the center of the library , as if they were watching over the students studying below .
tr	NNS	Why couldn 't they have teen magazines in hospitals ?
tr	NNS	Charles had taught some Karate classes at the orphanage , and I had caught on pretty fast , but was I ready for this ?
tr	NNS	Both windows were open , yards of gauzy white curtains blowing in the breeze like restless ghosts .
tr	NNS	" Your price includes three meals a day .
tr	NNS	A mocking laugh raised the hairs on my arms .
tr	NN	Have more respect for your friend . "
tr	NN	Michael 's head tilted , his gaze narrowing .
tr	NN	She only had an intense objection to their making her miserable .
tr	NN	She doesn 't have the potential to be loving , faithful , or loyal to anyone .
tr	NN	I play basketball -- I don 't do cheerleading . "
tr	NNS	Zane 's eyes followed his movements .
tr	NN	Nicholas points his pencil in Logan 's direction .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is that thing ? "
tr	NN	She welcomed her introduction to the sea .
tr	NNS	I was voicing out fears that I knew he didn 't have the solutions to .
tr	NNS	But if she 'd had any doubts about the veracity of the woman 's statement she didn 't have any such doubts now .
tr	NN	Dennis slammed the statue down , not caring where he hit .
tr	NNS	After looking up the target codes , she carefully punches the numbers in , double checks , then enters her authorization code .
tr	NN	The ocean breeze carried away my moan as my head fell back and the ends of my hair brushed against my waist .
tr	NNS	Let 's run your numbers now . "
tr	NNS	" I have my own issues to deal with right now .
tr	NN	Not all the time , but you could see the joy on her face as she moved lightly and easily , matching Ariston 's every move .
tr	NN	It could do no harm to her duty here .
tr	NN	" Remember that guy Rob ?
tr	NN	I felt a pang of doubt , staring at the house , deep in shadow .
tr	NN	The virus destroys their humanity , leaving behind pure wickedness .
tr	NNS	How soon can you round up a million bucks ? "
tr	NNS	" I had two tiny swallows . "
tr	NN	She turned the knob and suddenly froze .
tr	NN	Something was making her dizzy .
tr	NN	Why couldn 't she accept his proposition ?
tr	NNS	Most of my education regarded social interactions , managing my image and maintaining my ranking .
tr	NNS	The uppermost bridges have round platforms in their centers .
tr	NN	She felt the tingling in her scalp spread through her , a pleasant sensation that grew into pure pleasure .
tr	NN	His whisper , when it came , spread its dark compulsion inside her .
tr	NN	Losing your passport in Belize ?
tr	NNS	A few of the women had brought cameras and asked if they could take her photograph , or have their photos taken with her .
tr	NNS	I would need reinforcements , though .
tr	NN	Haven caught a glimpse of Tess and Dia , but the family stood in the front and remained mostly blocked .
tr	NN	" Stop the witch ! "
tr	NNS	We 'd pack marshmallow and peanut butter sandwiches , take a gallon jug of Kool-Aid .
tr	NN	Even as she spoke , she pulled away the cloth she 'd been wiping over Graeme 's flesh and balled it into her hand .
tr	NN	Lucien tightly gripped the dagger and called upon his fading strength .
tr	NNS	She could practically hear the cogs slowly grinding in his brain .
tr	NN	I mean , I must have met my quota by now .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , you haven 't seen the reports about it being a worldwide issue ? "
tr	NN	He adjusted the blazer self-consciously .
tr	NN	" But Izzy ... my little Izzy always had faith in you .
tr	NNS	Meg followed Tess back to the counter .
tr	NN	He yanked open the closet .
tr	NNS	' Okay we 've got descriptions and a Lawrence address which is forty minutes away in another state .
tr	NNS	They 'd already set the wheels in motion .
tr	NN	Or abandon whatever scheme the half-breed was having her do .
tr	NNS	" Do you feel dizzy ?
tr	NN	Couldn 't stop the dark flood of regret washing through her .
tr	NNS	I have a couple errands I need to run . "
tr	NN	Peeking over the guard , he saw the third rider swallowed by the scope 's eye , and his chariot jerked .
tr	NNS	Also one of those little red boxes that hold used needles and syringes . "
tr	NNS	His temper rose several notches .
tr	NNS	Her position blocked the numbers from view . "
tr	NN	Charm that mineral and make ink out of it to seal your tattoo ? "
tr	NN	He stifled a groan of protest as his feet silently hit the cold floor .
tr	NN	He took the wipe from her hand and awkwardly did it for her .
tr	NNS	" The evidence confounded the scholars of the time .
tr	NN	" I don 't mistake loyalty for revolt . "
tr	NN	Carbide City had a reputation for speed traps , and I didn 't need another ticket .
tr	NNS	Like her , he didn 't wear artificial scents .
tr	NN	There on the tiny island stood a tall spire built of no known substance .
tr	NNS	Odd lady , normally wears blue sweats and pearls . "
tr	NN	One of the guestrooms had a dresser , a bed , and two state of the art computers .
tr	NN	Grace watched the woman 's face as confusion and then denial swept over her features .
tr	NN	The grass covering what was once the customer parking lot was trimmed short and tidy and the whole area made a nicely groomed impression .
tr	NN	The last remnants of the sun 's beams reflect off the calm , clear lake as we fish .
tr	NNS	She places little suction cups all over me .
tr	NNS	I watched my teammates so closely that I was down in the water with them .
tr	NN	General Stacks , however , quickly vanquished this impression .
tr	NNS	" No , Lily , I 've never had nightmares like this before in my life . "
tr	NN	This included the obvious , such as the garage position , helipad location , and beach access .
tr	NN	I 've never lost anybody I cared about .
tr	NN	Chapter 19 Joe was monitoring the scanner at the bunk house when the call went out for Tribal Police at Frontier Village .
tr	NNS	Before he knew it Jackson had run 100 yards and his chest broke through the blue party streamer tied between two poplar trees .
tr	NN	Janelle let her weight sag into the cot and let the whistling of the wind fade into the background like it didn 't matter .
tr	NN	She pulled oxygen into her lungs and hoped it would clear her mind and she might realize she was wrong .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods for Merri Lee .
tr	NNS	They swapped conspiratorial grins .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any marriage designs on you .
tr	NN	In the silence I heard the steady drip of water from a pump .
tr	NNS	And , Jeffery , we 'll upgrade all our ships to the latest weapons and technology .
tr	NNS	The slant of the sun 's rays bounced off the waters , making it appear like a wavy mirror reflecting all that grew along its banks .
tr	NNS	Apparently , Nikolai took claims of needing food very seriously , and that caused her stomach to twist as she watched the door close behind him .
tr	NN	You respect the crown , yet you are not loyal to it ?
tr	NN	Then a thought reared up inside me like an angry bull .
tr	NN	Vimes felt his skin twitch .
tr	NNS	' We can make reasonable arrangements about sharing Theo .
tr	NNS	Aisling shouted obscenities and threats at him as his prisoner rounded the tea table and tried to grab Nolen 's collar .
tr	NN	He opens the fridge and puts his hand out like he 's Vanna White .
tr	NNS	I 'll take my changes leaving before I return there .
tr	NN	Pull the tag , Peggy .
tr	NNS	He didn 't have fangs , but , oh , he wanted to bite her .
tr	NN	" If he does , then he has an informant in every cop shop in Texas . "
tr	NN	His bare feet hugged the asphalt .
tr	NN	It simply increased his discontent .
tr	NNS	But when you went out to dinner in winter , you usually knew the folks sitting at the next table .
tr	NNS	He took out eight candles from his box , placed one in each corner of the room and one in the middle of each wall .
tr	NN	Violet has a reputation around the campus and it seemed a little unfitting for her to get so worked up over sex .
tr	NNS	Can 't a girl have relationship bliss without even her best friend disapproving ?
tr	NN	" Suck the venom out ? "
tr	NN	Deep inside of her stirred a volcano , hot and thick and ready to erupt , swirling to the surface to meet his every demand .
tr	NN	He gave his brothers a dark scowl .
tr	NN	He , too was wearing army uniform , but of a better cut and finer cloth .
tr	NN	They had a big snowstorm in Cleveland on our way out to California for a nephew 's wedding .
tr	NN	They struggled up the icy hill .
tr	NN	" Perhaps you require a demonstration of exactly what my talents are . "
tr	NN	He cracked his knuckles .
tr	NNS	She had breached his defenses and now he felt nak * d before her .
tr	NNS	They found Guardian suits inside the storage lockers .
tr	NN	When will my Sensor support the Flash rune ?
tr	NNS	" But then you would have had more mouths to feed and no fish to feed them . "
tr	NNS	You don 't understand our customs .
tr	NNS	At what point do I cut my losses and roll out ?
tr	NNS	I open my eyelashes , seeing .
tr	NNS	Nora had errands to run .
tr	NNS	" They are heading northwest .
tr	NNS	Casey and Alex nodded encouragingly .
tr	NNS	I felt those wonderful little bubbles of anticipation in my gut .
tr	NN	I don ´ t trust him either .
tr	NN	A tremor of trepidation shuddered down her spine as Xavier pinned her with his dark , knowing eyes .
tr	NNS	The sound echoed up and down the empty corridors .
tr	NN	It sets a bad precedent .
tr	NNS	If true , that spoke volumes of their sense and our lack , but the growers had to tend the fields .
tr	NNS	He caught one glossy golden curl and rubbed it between his fingers .
tr	NNS	Rather like hospitals during the full moon .
tr	NN	Then , hearing her father in her ear about how sloppy she could be , she checked the code again .
tr	NNS	My dad collects scale models of ships .
tr	NNS	Bash knew youths that tried to kill him .
tr	NN	Thank goodness the water wasn 't turned on . "
tr	NNS	They were still getting reports from Colony , but the last word suggested that the old Lab One site was under siege .
tr	NNS	If you feel so strongly about suicide , then go blow yourselves up , but you will not be under my watch . "
tr	NN	Monk fought the hammering in his heart .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods his motorcycle had been left by the Brewery .
tr	NNS	Dave also canvassed the remaining six members of the previous year 's team , and all 12 members from the junior varsity .
tr	NNS	Bill slammed his palms down on the table , again .
tr	NN	Didn 't the state have a budget for these things ?
tr	NNS	In fact , as much as I hated to admit it , he 'd surpassed all my expectations .
tr	NNS	Man yer stations ! "
tr	NN	He needed the vest she was wearing ; she would never forgive herself if he was killed because she 'd agreed to take his vest .
tr	NNS	Without saying anything , he trailed his palms up my sides , to my shoulders and neck .
tr	NN	Rich people don 't do confrontation .
tr	NNS	With him , I have all these expectations , but with you ... I don 't have any .
tr	NN	She wore a bright yellow ski cap , its long red tassel hanging down her back .
tr	NNS	For whatever reason , they spent three long weekends walking through every house for sale in town at least twice .
tr	NN	Despite Brendan 's condition Nomi loved her little brother immensely .
tr	NNS	The trickling stream lay at least fifty yards off to one side .
tr	NNS	" You will have bigger troubles once you come out of hiding and appear in public .
tr	NNS	He appreciated her cheerfulness particularly .
tr	NNS	I have my compass just in case anything goes wrong .
tr	NNS	Mitch , Alan , and Todd were constantly praising the changes she had made .
tr	NN	If she wants to cause harm , she 'll cause harm , whether we help or not .
tr	NNS	He would pick up all sorts of creatures and tell me all about them .
tr	NN	" Did I mention the snacks promotion we 're running alongside our fine wine offer ? "
tr	NN	Reaching up , she took possession of his mouth , her breasts crushing against his chest .
tr	NNS	He redoubled his efforts , Soothing a new group of soldiers .
tr	NN	They wiped away the pink juice that trickled from the corners of their mouths as they eagerly ate it .
tr	NNS	" Ten dollars . "
tr	NNS	Alex didn 't hear any noises around the home as she strained to hear something that would tell her where Monica or her captor could be found .
tr	NN	She retrieved a vase from under the kitchen sink and began filling it with water .
tr	NNS	You have spent centuries protecting our people .
tr	NN	It took all his willpower , but he managed to take control and face Paul and Andra as if nothing had happened .
tr	NNS	Amy took a few deep breaths and calmed herself .
tr	NN	" You married a mortal ?
tr	NNS	I pull pebbles from my pouch .
tr	NNS	I have many arrangements to make . "
tr	NN	Her screams landing in her own ears as she begged him to breathe , pleaded with him to be playing a sick prank .
tr	NNS	She took a few calming breaths once on firm ground again , and then shouted a long string of threats at Nicolas .
tr	NNS	It went splat just inches from her face .
tr	NN	Amy plonked her napkin in her lap and caught him watching .
tr	NN	Supposedly he took Ned 's rod and promised them some lake trout . "
tr	NNS	Rachel slams her palms down on the coffee table , leaning over and glaring at Alex , eye-level .
tr	NNS	I threw the cleaning supplies under the bathroom counter and grabbed my jacket .
tr	NN	Haven handed Tess her bouquet to hold as Carmine continued to stare at her , happiness radiating from him in waves .
tr	NNS	She watches his movements .
tr	NN	Give me a little credit . "
tr	NN	You 'll regret this rash proposal later .
tr	NN	He put the receiver back down .
tr	NN	" Why would you endanger your granddaughter and your great-grandchildren whom she carries inside her ?
tr	NN	6 Olivia heard the howling of police sirens growing louder before two cars with flashing lights pulled up close to her home .
tr	NN	she dropped her briefcase and kissed him , having to reach up on her tiptoes .
tr	NNS	If you aren 't a pissed-off cat , you shouldn 't make noises like one .
tr	NNS	How did they get his phone numbers ?
tr	NNS	He couldn 't help but check the plates to make sure it wasn 't his parent 's vehicle .
tr	NN	Anyway , they finally let one email through from Martinez : Dear Watney : Sorry we left you behind , but we don 't like you .
tr	NNS	The gods have answered our prayers . "
tr	NN	He has the joy of picking and choosing his addictions . "
tr	NN	Kyle has a condo near the Air Force Base in Charleston .
tr	NNS	The monster let out a hiss of encouragement .
tr	NNS	Jeannine and Maryellen were reviewing their recent sales figures and considering their expanded space as they tried to finalize their orders for the upcoming season .
tr	NNS	Catherine rubbed her palms together .
tr	NN	Thomas slotted a bolt into the crossbow and raised the heavy weapon to his shoulder .
tr	NNS	GSC needed bodyguards and security specialists for their talent performing in the area and Zoe , Quinn and Connor needed clients .
tr	NN	However , she took their advice on countless of issues .
tr	NNS	He then learned the finer points of fire support for assault .
tr	NNS	Jason blew out the candles and looked at me .
tr	NNS	We engage the devils now ! "
tr	NN	I got the impression , my lord , that they were not in the mountains to hunt or to raid at random . '
tr	NN	She 'd draped a lacy wrap over her shoulders and strapped on high-heeled gold sandals .
tr	NN	You 've got too much imagination for your own peace of mind , honey . "
tr	NN	She asked her stepfather to lift Gwyn 's head , then put the flask to his lips .
tr	NNS	Both men normally had hearty appetites .
tr	NN	" You showed me your ID earlier .
tr	NN	' So speaks a volcano . '
tr	NNS	She ordered supplies and food for the kitchen , reviewed staff schedules , assisted the front desk , and managed the housekeeping and landscaping crews .
tr	NN	Only Jacobs and besides , the Sheriff had issued a warrant for my arrest . "
tr	NN	What crap was this ?
tr	NN	Kylie got the odd impression that the vampire honestly didn 't want Kylie to be afraid of her .
tr	NNS	Life at sea had grown monotonous , and the days seemed to run into each other without any real break to distinguish one from the next .
tr	NNS	Brick and Coincidence offered their own greetings to the rumour spreader .
tr	NNS	He reviewed the available supplies , ammunition , and weapons , which were all woefully inadequate .
tr	NNS	His smell , a tangy , earthy scent mixed with the aroma of fresh wind , filled her senses .
tr	NNS	I had my blades in my hand , and my partner at my back ; therefore , I feared nothing , not even death .
tr	NNS	I navigate the roads and come across a group of three more .
tr	NNS	Twenty minutes later , we had barely moved two blocks .
tr	NNS	I sensed the vastness , the emptiness , the peace .
tr	NNS	" I 've got two more rides . "
tr	NN	I cannot command their respect if I 'm being tumbled to the ground by my wife . "
tr	NN	He gave the mental equivalent of absolute derision .
tr	NN	She flipped the white towel she 'd been cleaning the bar with over her shoulder .
tr	NNS	I batted my eyelashes innocently .
tr	NNS	' Another seven hundred dollars ! '
tr	NNS	She called the dogs in and held Bunt 's collar while Steve did the same with Spotty .
tr	NNS	He leaves the glaring brightness of the day and heads into darkness , led by a pool of light cast over his shoulders .
tr	NNS	Elsewhere in the triangle were meandering minor tracks and isolated farm settlements .
tr	NNS	His hands stopped their merciless roaming but lingered in the middle of my back , his fingers batting at the loose strings of my bikini top .
tr	NN	" I won 't do the review . "
tr	NN	Roach stopped pacing for a moment and in the silence I realised that his footsteps had been a constant beat like a metronome .
tr	NNS	" Under a hundred dollars .
tr	NNS	A small wind , which flapped my loose jeans at my ankles , brought with it the subtler scents of nature .
tr	NN	The first requested her command authorization code , and the second asked for a mission profile .
tr	NNS	Jolie spit out directions and rushed out of the bathroom .
tr	NN	She knew the cost of ignorance , and she had glimpsed the grim truths of real poverty .
tr	NN	I 'm avoiding the scolding that I 'll know you 'll give me . "
tr	NNS	The eighteenth year emphasizes adulthood and marriage rights .
tr	NNS	As they reached stations along their route , vendors on their platforms offered apples and pears , sausage , ham , bread and cheese .
tr	NNS	They called the runners up for the final . "
tr	NNS	I 'll cancel all the wedding arrangements .
tr	NNS	Damn her out-of-control hormones .
tr	NN	With all my might , I quickly pulled the rope and snapped it securely in the palm of my hand .
tr	NN	I don 't give a fuck .
tr	NNS	I bumped knuckles with Mr. Milton .
tr	NNS	" So , plant any good bugs lately ? "
tr	NNS	" I 'll be nearby in the forest , " Alexandra told her sisters .
tr	NNS	Aurora banked for a curve in the tunnel and at that moment the fireflies blacked out .
tr	NNS	" Drop your needles .
tr	NNS	We can provide tutors for you and I can help when there is need .
tr	NNS	She could see the wolves , their eyes reflecting in the dark .
tr	NN	Mary Ann could see Harding suck in his gut and throw out his chest .
tr	NNS	My efficiency enabled that work to take place , my organization kept the teams on track and rolling ever forward .
tr	NNS	Until they 'd prepared the explosives , ready for my command . '
tr	NNS	" I 've never really tried dirt bikes , but it sounds like fun . "
tr	NNS	" But sure or not , I couldn 't take any chances of any harm coming to my baby .
tr	NNS	I don 't think this counts for anything like what I thought my fairy tale list included , but I was making do .
tr	NNS	So each Monday , she hobbled into work , enduring the jokes from her coworkers that she looked like a little old lady .
tr	NNS	The Imps influenced a person 's senses so that even though their vision and hearing were only stimulated , the experience felt like reality .
tr	NNS	Sean removed photographs from an envelope and walked over to Garrett 's desk .
tr	NNS	He 'd killed two Seconds who challenged him because they didn 't like his beliefs .
tr	NNS	" I teach the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes here , but I 'm sure Michael has already told you all about me ! "
tr	NNS	" Does the county have any further arguments ? "
tr	NNS	We could make millions and retire to an exotic island where Vincent would probably end up turning into dust !
tr	NNS	" For three years you ignored my attempts to contact you . "
tr	NN	We left his lab and headed back to the hide out .
tr	NNS	Somehow Lydia 's skepticism had calmed Kait 's own suspicions .
tr	NN	" A vampire robbed her of her life , forced his domination on her .
tr	NN	Through the dim lighting and fog Mike returned Garcia 's glare but his heart still raced .
tr	NN	My hand actually picked up the receiver before I remembered that the phone was disconnected and that I owed Jane Engle .
tr	NN	" I don 't have much imagination .
tr	NNS	He holds all the cards . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll fetch a few basics from our stores while you show Meg the apartment .
tr	NN	" Yes said the bird .
tr	NNS	She placed the plates in front of them .
tr	NNS	He saw mahogany pillars stretching up out of dark rugs , and he caught sight of a wedding party in a private room .
tr	NNS	Liam poured two cups of coffee , and she sat down at the kitchen table .
tr	NN	But at last she could avoid the confrontation no longer .
tr	NN	She concealed a smirk .
tr	NNS	From what he 'd read , neither did their fathers or their fathers before them .
tr	NNS	He flicked drops in her face .
tr	NNS	Blake rearranged the chairs around the table and dragged a highchair over for Olivia .
tr	NNS	" What about Lilly and the missiles ?
tr	NN	With both hands he holds his pistol up and points ahead .
tr	NNS	And I still had vivid visions of her waltzing into my bedroom and commanding my gaze with her wavy hair draped across her luscious breasts .
tr	NN	Back in the bedroom she threw a towel on the vomit beside her bed and sat on the bed cross-legged like a little girl .
tr	NNS	I watched the creases on her forehead deepen .
tr	NNS	Then up and down his thighs .
tr	NN	A person couldn 't escape fate , because what was meant to be would always be .
tr	NN	I had the concert .
tr	NN	I have some soda in the refrigerator . "
tr	NN	He handed me a small package .
tr	NN	Tucker shifted his rifle and fired , striking the man in the heart .
tr	NNS	" I have political ties in L.A. I can arrange for you to come home early .
tr	NNS	Sliding his hands up , he hooks his thumbs under the band in my panties .
tr	NN	When I got it opened , I flung the lid back and stared down at the contents inside .
tr	NNS	He wrote paranormal fiction novels that became a cult hit .
tr	NNS	" Anyway , " Lia said , dragging out the word , " Judd gives crappy tours .
tr	NNS	He bakes and delivers these incredible pies , every flavor .
tr	NNS	Moving one hand from her hips , he slid it down her belly and between her thighs , opened her folds until he found her clit .
tr	NNS	" Maybe we should cut our losses . "
tr	NN	We each grabbed a champagne flute and watched the champagne toast .
tr	NNS	Signs on the walls behind them announced prices and information about special orders .
tr	NN	" Honey , it 's called banter .
tr	NN	He had a brief glimpse of wide , terrified eyes before he smashed his fist into the guardsmen 's chest .
tr	NN	He didn 't like the sensation of it .
tr	NNS	I avoid funerals as much as possible , and until the last couple of years , I 'd been pretty good at it .
tr	NNS	After two weeks of the casual late-night inspections , he had found no closed-circuit cameras above the halls or offices .
tr	NN	" I dropped out of school after one semester and we got married .
tr	NNS	She could hear the murmurs of the crew , a nervous energy moving across the bow of the ship .
tr	NN	" Sidney had a stroke . "
tr	NNS	His hands slid his boxer briefs down to reveal his pierced cock .
tr	NNS	I have extras that aren 't ordinary . "
tr	NN	He slid the nail file on the clippers into a useable position and scraped sand , and any other material hiding under his nails .
tr	NNS	I took a few roads I knew .
tr	NNS	Kim had found seven butterflies made out of mesh to hang from her ceiling .
tr	NNS	" I 've got killer sandwiches from Dean and Deluca .
tr	NN	They 'd both thought the email from Stephanie strange but ignored the warning signs .
tr	NNS	We all have issues related to poverty and identity and we 've all faced them in different ways . "
tr	NN	I felt my mood darken .
tr	NNS	' We 've got clothes fibers , some of it also in the blood .
tr	NN	None of it has happened yet , you 'll be visiting a possibility .
tr	NN	I have faith in Gaspar and his knowledge .
tr	NN	Riley read the illuminated dial of his wristwatch .
tr	NNS	He 'd guarded more females than he could count and he 'd never had a problem resisting .
tr	NN	I kissed his temple and whispered , " I don 't understand why you are so upset . "
tr	NNS	She was walking the same roads she 'd walked for the last five years of her life .
tr	NNS	" You don 't know my powers of persuasion . "
tr	NN	I picked the briefcase up and gave it a good shake .
tr	NNS	See these elements . "
tr	NNS	He then took the reins and turned the horse around .
tr	NNS	Police wearing armored gear and slapping riot batons against their thighs lined the aisles and the back wall .
tr	NN	' I need my sanity !
tr	NNS	They opened their mouths and spoke to one another , while together they said in my head .
tr	NNS	After I was reoriented , I felt dizzy and didn 't need a mirror to know what the warmth trickling from my nose was .
tr	NNS	Believing in Christ , though I had disobeyed my abbot , I did not fear pagan gods .
tr	NN	He detailed the location of the abandoned car on the side of the road , with the license plate .
tr	NNS	I follow his movements , about to holler , " You got it , Lawyer Boy ! "
tr	NN	He padded barefoot to the door , yawning as he went .
tr	NN	With one powerful thrust , I hurled the backpack from my shoulders in the direction of the monsters .
tr	NNS	" How is it negating my powers ? "
tr	NN	But he was beyond tossing back a scathing taunt at the other two .
tr	NN	Just a scientist . "
tr	NN	" And you will have some stew .
tr	NNS	I remember bits and pieces from that night but there is no denying it was us . "
tr	NN	Our interruptions definitely would 've caused a hitch in some guy 's stroke .
tr	NN	A dark mass of curly hair , wild and untamed , framed the visage of an ancient goddess .
tr	NN	He saw " rock star " and thought " investment money . "
tr	NN	" How would they deliver the electricity ? "
tr	NN	Still , she couldn 't deny a sickening dread that clenched her stomach .
tr	NN	Jordan had finally booted up his detector and swept it from side to side .
tr	NNS	When the girls saw him , they nearly dropped their trays because he was so gorgeous , just like an archangel with blond hair and blue eyes .
tr	NNS	But as soon as we pull up to the back parking lot , I feel nauseous .
tr	NN	" I 'll make you hot chocolate . "
tr	NN	she asks , a little breathlessly , which also turns me on .
tr	NN	Prepare a cloaked probe and launch when ready . "
tr	NNS	" I accept the terms . "
tr	NN	He pulls out the glass cube with the carving of a wolf head inside .
tr	NNS	They charged down dark chambers , through long corridors , and around steep bends .
tr	NN	" Or bury the meaning . "
tr	NN	It 's more deadly than before , and each time the fury comes alive in me , it burns hotter than the last time . "
tr	NN	Maddy gave a delicate snort of disbelief .
tr	NN	And the idea of going to gym class did suck .
tr	NNS	Especially now , knowing I would soon see Lucius .
tr	NN	I rub her cl * t and her legs start to shake .
tr	NN	He could smell the chocolate now .
tr	NNS	You 'll be using these anchors to make real jumps through time .
tr	NN	She wrapped a towel around her and returned to her bedroom .
tr	NN	He held the nozzle up to his nose .
tr	NN	" You 've reached your maximum of questions to ask .
tr	NN	" Since when do you have an assistant ? "
tr	NN	She opened the lid , grabbed a rock-hard slice of pepperoni and sausage , and tapped it against the counter with a solid thud .
tr	NN	She 'd been so enchanted by the obvious benefits of their mating bond , she 'd never considered the possibility there might be a downside .
tr	NN	She chanced a glimpse over her shoulder .
tr	NN	" Maybe just a new battery though . "
tr	NNS	He thanked the gods instead , then immediately moved to save her .
tr	NNS	He felt the spasms in his chest , the riot of pleasurable feeling in his scalp .
tr	NN	I could still feel the stinging sensation .
tr	NNS	Hunger no longer predicted their movements .
tr	NNS	The bright sunlight drove knife blades into his skull , aggravating the constant headache he 'd had since he 'd been thrown .
tr	NNS	" Please the gods and be right on that as I thought she 'd do us both in the first kilometer .
tr	NN	Winston suppressed a cringe .
tr	NN	He had the patience for the bumbling of new recruits as they fumbled through their first few months of training .
tr	NN	" And how on earth could a fledgling take down Galen like that ?
tr	NNS	" I have heard reports of your moping through the palace hallways like a lost child . "
tr	NN	He began the article again , this time reading it out loud for his siblings to hear .
tr	NN	He plunked the tankard down and leaned across the counter .
tr	NNS	Normally , he called the shots and said when and where .
tr	NN	Claire plumped her pillow and fidgeted in the bed , trying to return to sleep .
tr	NN	She grasped the hilt of her sword .
tr	NNS	You spun your little lies , and she got caught in them .
tr	NNS	Our morning meeting had its usual elements , but with extra oomph .
tr	NN	His mind felt the protest of hers , his soft voice murmuring to weave her deeper under his spell .
tr	NNS	The hot breeze moved one dark curl across his forehead , which must have tickled , but he didn 't brush it away .
tr	NNS	Just before it slammed shut behind her , she saw the marks on the dark wood .
tr	NN	I pick up a fork and twirl it between my thumb and forefinger , looking away .
tr	NNS	Although her outpouring of tears certainly leaned the scales heavily to the latter .
tr	NN	To her utter horror , he raised a crossbow and urged his horse forward .
tr	NN	Chapter Seventeen Stephan and his men did a second sweep of the loft apartment .
tr	NNS	Knowing my luck , I 'd forget the most important items .
tr	NNS	We don 't take chances , and it 's good practice to stay alert .
tr	NN	I 'd gotten my butt handed to me by a sixth grader ?
tr	NNS	" I definitely do not have any special memory powers ; unless forgetting everything in record time is considered a superpower . "
tr	NNS	Can I make monthly payments to you ?
tr	NN	Why couldn 't they have just made some basic design ?
tr	NNS	His smile stunned her wits .
tr	NN	" Let 's try to find a backup lender , just in case Sven doesn 't exercise his option on the Phase II projects .
tr	NNS	" March , line up some crates in front of Vel , if you can .
tr	NN	He has the dagger , remember . "
tr	NNS	The fabric covered her breasts , hugged her waist , and covered her all the way to end of her fin .
tr	NN	The metal groaned a little , parting further from the craft 's floor .
tr	NN	Maria was going paler by the second . '
tr	NNS	Standing , she carried the dishes to the sink , wondering what she was going to do now that her mother couldn 't cope with the past .
tr	NN	Maybe she was getting spotty reception here today ?
tr	NNS	The two teenagers , now off balance but still holding onto each other , hit their bikes hard .
tr	NN	We could have arranged a more advanced craft , but they like to do things themselves .
tr	NNS	He had reached the semi finals of the Club Championship and if he won Saturday , he was in the finals .
tr	NN	Leaning over the basin , I let the blood drip as I peered into the mirror .
tr	NN	Do I have a volunteer elf to help me ?
tr	NNS	The author holds all reproduction , reprint or re-sell rights to this book in digital , audio or print versions .
tr	NN	Robert raises his assault rifle as the crowd lets out a collective gasp .
tr	NN	Python quickly handed over the small scroll to his master , then scurried back inside from the balcony , shutting the door behind him .
tr	NN	I had already dumped into the boiling water the equivalent of four servings of pasta .
tr	NNS	I 'd rather not have any surprises , once we get started in this . "
tr	NNS	He gave Scott a hundred dollars , but that was the end .
tr	NN	I will not have some upstart playing havoc with my plans now . "
tr	NNS	And the Sandman comes and flips him off the bed and changes the mattress and immediately the guy falls asleep ? "
tr	NNS	They have private detectives in L.A. " " We want you , " Borden said , which was nice but stupid .
tr	NN	Lydia tucked that observation away .
tr	NN	Vimes hadn " t , but he " d hoped that it might evaporate if he didn " t think about it .
tr	NN	Luke called the attendant over .
tr	NN	But , so far , she 'd seen only his exquisite collection of furniture and , on the walls , paintings of mountains , lakes and animals .
tr	NNS	Together , Lark and I sling knives into their ugly bodies , destroying the fifteen that are coming toward us .
tr	NN	" I 'll sign over custody to you . "
tr	NNS	Those Nazgul give me the creeps .
tr	NNS	With the aid of her trusty pencil , Sarah could transform even beauty queens into something hideous and grotesque .
tr	NNS	The friends extended the blades toward the teens , bowing their heads in respect to the new defenders .
tr	NNS	Should have been wearing goggles . "
tr	NNS	Turning to face him , I shoved the palms of my hands against his chest .
tr	NNS	I see the wariness ( Did he know already ? )
tr	NN	The atrium housed all manner of wild and exotic birds , including colorful but very territorial peacocks that chased me out of their home with haughty indignation .
tr	NN	The judge allowed an exception .
tr	NNS	" How many chocolates you got ? "
tr	NNS	We stopped a few yards away and Turtle dismounted .
tr	NN	She speared a tomato slice and ate it .
tr	NNS	So we cannot miss the islands . "
tr	NN	Inside , Bowe took her to the bathroom , then ran a bath .
tr	NNS	" Mana pay too , " she pushed some blocks toward Amanda .
tr	NNS	" How many chairs were there ?
tr	NNS	" Luc will station sentries at your house .
tr	NNS	She tried to mentally list the chores that would command her attention .
tr	NNS	Their older son , Jeremy , attended classes at the University of Washington in Seattle .
tr	NN	" You 've never given yourself enough credit or believed in yourself enough .
tr	NNS	As I raised my arms and bat to try to shield my face , I heard the first shots being fired .
tr	NN	I removed the lid on the trays and poked the fish .
tr	NN	Emily 's fingers walked along the sofa back to pick at a crack in the upholstery .
tr	NN	Baxter gripped the railing .
tr	NN	This kitchen still gave the impression that it was rarely used .
tr	NN	He searched its ever-present tranquility .
tr	NN	Savannah resisted the urge to touch him sympathetically .
tr	NNS	They fixed four torches to either side of the wagon , and another two at the front , close to Marmot .
tr	NN	Isabella stifled a groan while her mother did the honor of serving them all a slice and pouring tea .
tr	NNS	Hold your positions ! "
tr	NN	If she 'd had a notebook , it would have been flipped open right now , pencil scribbling furiously .
tr	NNS	They 'd already mended the items they 'd chosen to wear for their escape and put them out of sight .
tr	NN	He already had a banana protruding from his coat pocket .
tr	NN	Perhaps you 'd like my crown . '
tr	NN	Even through the gloom , Gray recognized the man 's terror .
tr	NN	A pause as she returned the lid to the polish .
tr	NNS	We 'll pick out some undergarments , finish our ladies ' day out , and then I 'll take you home . "
tr	NN	I liked the puzzle of it and the truth of it .
tr	NNS	The buxom brunette batted her eyelashes and offered a coy smile .
tr	NN	She made a vague gesture .
tr	NNS	Yes , this did eviscerate some families .
tr	NN	" You 'd better not be , " Edna told her granddaughter , even as she frowned at her daughter .
tr	NN	The driver didn 't bother answering .
tr	NNS	Who wound the clocks of this place that they knew the hour ?
tr	NN	While Lea was in the match trying to survive , those in the audience had an impression of their own .
tr	NN	I turned the knob with my free hand and shoved open the front door .
tr	NNS	Draw the blinds and check to see if any vehicles are driving past the house with Chinese in them .
tr	NNS	I had saved 5 packs for special occasions .
tr	NNS	Hopefully , it will catch their killing butts on fire but nevertheless it will give you time to race out the back door .
tr	NNS	He 'd applauded her efforts and recounted his own endeavors in that area after Christy had broken off the engagement .
tr	NNS	" I must now begin the rituals , not resting my flesh until I have sussed out how such an awful thing has been done .
tr	NN	In no time they arranged a secure location for an exercise of rubbing pecks .
tr	NN	' That just puts the entire tin lid on it , that does ! '
tr	NNS	He silently studied the pages in front of him .
tr	NNS	Princess Alexis 's pretty face had adorned more magazine covers than he could count .
tr	NN	He was carrying the same huge briefcase as before , and wearing the same old-fashioned bowler hat .
tr	NN	Surely whatever passed for a government these days would make some announcement about the new border .
tr	NNS	Some art galleries and private collectors will pay huge sums for a painting like this and don 't care how it is procured .
tr	NNS	People from one end of the country to the other were suddenly reporting sightings of werewolves .
tr	NN	He had a reputation of being a cunning advocate , a pit bull who never let go until he got what he wanted .
tr	NN	Though this facility was in the countryside , somebody may have heard the gunfire or the explosion and called the police .
tr	NNS	He could just make out tiny movements going on : by a plant here and by a stone over there .
tr	NNS	I closed the blinds and switched the lights on .
tr	NN	" It means sphere of light , but in your world , it also means the fifth note in a major musical scale . "
tr	NN	" Have you proof of that ? "
tr	NN	We pity your fate , and collectively wish you had not brought this evil upon yourself .
tr	NN	Edwin couldn 't dispute Maddy 's logic , but there was another problem .
tr	NN	" Dude , this has trap written all over it .
tr	NN	King Lalibela had ordered their construction , and using forty thousand slaves , eleven cave churches were carved from stone .
tr	NN	Maybe he hadn 't stated his intent , but she 'd felt it down to the marrow of her bones .
tr	NNS	" And you did make all those little poem scrolls .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not taking chances on losing him .
tr	NNS	She removed the goggles and took a single step forward .
tr	NNS	He gripped the reins of his horse .
tr	NN	Maybe he could have a rifle around the kitchen later .
tr	NN	" Not you , darlin ' .
tr	NNS	I did use my fangs .
tr	NN	" I wrecked the cruiser . "
tr	NNS	The woman completely changed directions with the hair .
tr	NNS	She rattled off the dates for their annual Christmas visit and I pretended like I was writing it all down .
tr	NNS	She fetched the breakfast items from the refrigerator while the frying pan was heating up and nodded to the coffee machine .
tr	NNS	Some had small orange fruits , the size of my eye .
tr	NN	Joan entered the glass atrium followed by the Caldwell family .
tr	NN	He gave the sheriff an arrogant glare .
tr	NN	" Wake up , honey .
tr	NNS	The brainstorming brought up drugs , anti-social behaviour , organised crime , residence location , and many others .
tr	NNS	Beyond that , you have no rights other than my apology for my slave 's thoughtless behavior . "
tr	NN	His eyes shot bitter venom at her .
tr	NNS	He slipped a few drops between her lips and thought she swallowed it .
tr	NN	And with the sun shining brightly the heavy machine entered the dark passageway .
tr	NNS	She drew the covers up to her chin .
tr	NN	With a flourish , he whipped the cloth off the car and let it fall onto the concrete .
tr	NNS	" Let her go , " I tell the witches .
tr	NNS	" My golden goddess opened the heavens and commanded their tears when your bride left this earth .
tr	NN	" For example ? "
tr	NNS	Or anything really ... But I could visualize my own actions , my own reactions to every possible scenario and emotion .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths , trying to gauge how rested she felt .
tr	NNS	Other exhibitors were offering all sorts of luxury items .
tr	NNS	Those rare few who displayed astounding talents .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods I gave you rooms in the stone castle .
tr	NN	He saw a chariot of the gods .
tr	NNS	My mother makes good pies .
tr	NN	He had found a toy and he wanted to play catch ... with his Daddy .
tr	NNS	The soothing grass had reached his thighs now , moving up both legs to find those terrible , burning wounds in an effort to ease the pain .
tr	NNS	The guys to her left and right pulled out their knives as well .
tr	NNS	Beyond that , Betsy 's having some issues dealing with her mother 's return .
tr	NNS	In my first five years on the job , I attended the funerals of fifteen classmates from the academy .
tr	NN	Neither state satisfied an urge he couldn 't place .
tr	NN	" I just need a soda .
tr	NN	She texted the pilot , and asked his location .
tr	NN	She loves the condo .
tr	NN	And that will include the joy of peeling the skin from your body , Miss Turner .
tr	NNS	I 'll admit , you just gained a few points in my book . "
tr	NN	The security man obviously recognised Murphy 's uniform .
tr	NNS	-- but he didn 't like the reactions he was getting from the assembled men .
tr	NNS	The squad , eager for rest , threw their packs down onto the ice .
tr	NNS	We outrun the Tanks .
tr	NNS	She stripped off the shields , then ran her fingers through the gentle arc of hair , against the grain .
tr	NN	When the trees were real y thick , he 'd rustle a trunk now and again so I wouldn 't lose him .
tr	NNS	You can read off some numbers to me .
tr	NNS	She ran her palms over the defined muscles of his chest and then down to his six-pack and narrow waist .
tr	NNS	What more proof do you need ?
tr	NN	He cut open the vampire 's belly with a single slice , and the creature collapsed to the ground .
tr	NN	He gave a derisive snort . '
tr	NN	I would never wish harm upon any of my brothers . "
tr	NNS	Catherine has strange visions and premonitions .
tr	NN	When no one is near , I leave the terminal , jump into the cab , and we speed away .
tr	NN	" Don 't you need my ID ? "
tr	NNS	Then , he arranged the bricks of C4 in a brief case that he loaded into the trunk of his rental car .
tr	NNS	Thus armed , he took Sherry 's reins in his free hand and flicked .
tr	NN	Esme and Carlisle both said a quiet goodnight .
tr	NN	The music reached a high-pitched crescendo , echoing through the night .
tr	NN	Brandon ignored him , his fine brown eyes alight with mischief .
tr	NN	Why do you call makeup war paint ? "
tr	NN	Then , very calmly , she lifted the pistol and pointed it at the man holding the tackle box .
tr	NNS	We have tried various methods to extract ourselves and thus far all have failed .
tr	NN	I didn 't feel joy when I ran , or lightness when I jumped and momentarily soared through the air .
tr	NNS	I doubt the servants I get to interact with will ever have the guts to help us escape .
tr	NN	I 've learned my lesson .
tr	NN	We 'd taken that element of surprise into our planning .
tr	NNS	We have no powers .
tr	NNS	I felt every caress of his eyes over my skin .
tr	NNS	With a little hesitation , but otherwise without incident , the passengers filled the aisles and made their way out of the bus and onto the yard .
tr	NNS	It was open a few inches and she tapped lightly but received no answer .
tr	NNS	Jane picked up the plates from the small tables scattered around the room and balanced them with her empty hand .
tr	NN	As a joke , they leave the empty frame of the Manet on the security director 's chair .
tr	NNS	So she 'd simply cut her losses and run .
tr	NNS	How could she save her sisters when she felt so powerless ?
tr	NN	Klaudia lowered her fork .
tr	NNS	Viktor rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	I cut eyelashes to the letter , V on the pink structure .
tr	NN	Anger must be cutting off the blood supply to her brain .
tr	NN	Sara dragged the towel over her hands and between her fingers to dry the lemonade .
tr	NNS	But they effectively prevented any further attempts to escape .
tr	NNS	" Things change over two and a half centuries . "
tr	NNS	" I have some favorite charities , too , that are crying out for help . "
tr	NNS	Besides , I love the folks in Prairie .
tr	NN	The second Hunter turned , pistol in hand .
tr	NNS	She had no inhibitions when she lay with him , only a fierce desire to burn with him .
tr	NN	He hardly felt the discomfort .
tr	NNS	He took too many chances and wouldn 't have recognized a team player if one had been sitting in his lap .
tr	NN	That would explain the pencil and notepad too .
tr	NNS	He had not yet made men members of His body : since then He had , and through them henceforward He would save and suffer .
tr	NNS	I clean some apartments in the building he owned , but that is by arrangement with the individual tenants .
tr	NNS	We have synthetic hearts .
tr	NNS	" You must have known all sorts in London . "
tr	NN	She had the impression of a fleeting smile .
tr	NNS	On the other hand , there were absorbing elements , which absorbed Vito and stored it instead of emitting it .
tr	NN	She wanted an update on what 's happening between us . "
tr	NN	Before his nerves could worsen he strummed a C minor chord with a high F in it to sweeten the sound .
tr	NNS	Two guys about Simon 's age hopped off their bar stools and pushed their way through the crowd to join us .
tr	NNS	" Only a Champion can see the runes , the message , on her weapon .
tr	NNS	The ship fired its emergency engines and flew a quick path into the heart of the fighters .
tr	NNS	Farther down Campbell Road , he passes the remains of the Richmond Printing Company .
tr	NN	Standing in the pew in front of him , she wore the pink gown with the ties in the back .
tr	NN	Did she find her a worthy opponent ?
tr	NN	The administration must not have announced the kidnapping and death of Amanda , likely waiting for confirmation from the charred remains .
tr	NN	The word cleared away his fury and let him think again .
tr	NNS	During the two day travel in the caravan , he had forgotten his band members .
tr	NN	A tiny bead of sweat slides down my spine , and I doubt it 's because I 'm hot .
tr	NN	" And you didn 't bring me any chocolate ?
tr	NN	She removed a CD from a plastic case and twisted it in her fingers before popping it in .
tr	NN	You should take a cruise up there when you get out of here , give yourself a chance to decompress . "
tr	NNS	It took several deep breaths before he realised the movement had stopped and he was still safe inside the hangar .
tr	NNS	How many trips has he done ? "
tr	NNS	He had the marks of a mongrel , which all too often meant a stronger constitution than highly bred humans such as himself .
tr	NNS	We 'd quieten our noisy ghosts , and fill our parents ' silence with the bustle of our own life .
tr	NNS	Chasing fireflies and catching them in jars at night .
tr	NNS	The doctor pulled the covers over Elena , then looked at Drake .
tr	NNS	She had much higher aspirations for me . "
tr	NN	Give up this foolish inquiry .
tr	NN	They read the body language as the entire panel seemed to relax and respond to a familiar face .
tr	NNS	Till now we have performed only simulations .
tr	NNS	She handed us two plates .
tr	NN	I felt his resolve in my very soul and a soaring feeling of confidence came over me .
tr	NN	Sarah felt her stomach tense .
tr	NN	Or sell our info to somebody else . "
tr	NNS	Blue fanned the cards across the table ; they slithered loosely over the finish .
tr	NNS	And I set out my arguments in great detail on this point . "
tr	NN	Quickly , they made a hasty dash and hid next to me beneath a metal walled table .
tr	NN	Gwen noticed the waiter approaching and shifted their conversation to the weather .
tr	NNS	He heard birds , felt the wind on his face , and smelled something warm and comforting .
tr	NNS	She could make excuses for herself .
tr	NNS	It was not for relieving a few aches and pains .
tr	NN	The wailing of the emergency sirens reentered their consciousness as if the sound had been temporarily muted .
tr	NN	I will give you a shout back if I need some more info . "
tr	NN	She felt his legs tense in her lap , though he lounged as negligently as ever , eyes half closed .
tr	NN	My mere presence usually had that effect on Poindexter .
tr	NN	It didn 't have a hidden USB port .
tr	NN	" Find the intruder . "
tr	NNS	" I 'm following your orders , " Barton began slyly .
tr	NNS	" We have bigger issues to deal with right now . "
tr	NNS	It seemed to sell everything , they even had some vegetables which was pretty unusual given the price of the licence you needed to sell them .
tr	NN	She was wearing a white gown , her arms in the air .
tr	NN	Although his arms slipped around her , dragged her close against his hard frame , his tender mouth carried the unmistakable flavor of intense love .
tr	NNS	When he let go , his fingers left white marks on my arm .
tr	NN	He lifted the fork and absently ran his fingers down the tines .
tr	NNS	I just didn 't have any drugs , so I was begging O and Eli to kill me the whole time .
tr	NNS	" I see you 've got some books , " Edwin examined the dusty volumes strewn on the floor .
tr	NNS	By the time we sit down to dinner , I have donations totaling five hundred thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	In his early fifties now , he watched the competitors with disdain and undisguised jealousy .
tr	NNS	His parents , tall and slim and both over six feet , spent most weekends at home enjoying their free time reading books and weeklies .
tr	NNS	You signed confidentiality agreements ? "
tr	NNS	But if she is working with the Lords and if she does have special powers ... " There was a pause .
tr	NN	I was channeling the effect of the magic slowly , for personal satisfaction of watching the realization hit her .
tr	NN	I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NN	Munro gave him a small glass vial with Japanese markings .
tr	NNS	Lex fired off two shots .
tr	NN	But the minute I step over the threshold I 'm thrust into another world , a whole different set of memories .
tr	NNS	I could see dates and names at the top , penned by different hands .
tr	NNS	She wasn 't taking drugs , or selling her body to different men to feed her obsession .
tr	NN	As I looked into her face , framed by kinked black hair , I felt my guts twist .
tr	NNS	You can 't stay starry-eyed lovers forever , right ? "
tr	NNS	Trust me ; I 've attended more accidents than I ever want to remember .
tr	NNS	You had the brains of a tree snail and the ethics of a saltwater crocodile . "
tr	NN	The Daniel who 'd streaked grease paint on his face to jump a fence had turned his hobby into a profession .
tr	NNS	You command all the elements . "
tr	NN	Then I noticed the Master 's Orb on the pommel of a massive sword hanging point down above the throne .
tr	NNS	Thin needles of pain speared his temples .
tr	NN	Almost instantly , Antonia felt an orgasm sweep over her .
tr	NN	Why 's he callin ' it Mono Island ? '
tr	NNS	" I can see the wheels turning in that mind .
tr	NN	Chaz , buddy ... others around here might not see your potential , but I do .
tr	NNS	It caused all body movements and functions to freeze except for things like blinking , breathing , and curiously , talking .
tr	NNS	She could gather supplies and go back to help Ned .
tr	NNS	After breakfast I brought out the personal items from the four missing women and arranged them on my desk .
tr	NNS	He pulled the index cards from his pocket , scanning the lines quickly to be sure he 'd covered everything .
tr	NN	I felt my blood throbbing in my head and pounding in my ears .
tr	NN	They have freed humanity from dreary drudgery and degradation .
tr	NNS	Gently he shaped her breasts with his hand , each in turn , rubbing his thumb over her nipples and bringing them to aching hardness .
tr	NN	I knew that particular brand cost over a hundred dollars .
tr	NN	I just want the tape .
tr	NNS	They weren 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	" You didn 't exactly leave us heartbroken , either . "
tr	NN	" Don 't be like that , " he replied , a sharpness in his tone that told me he was pissed .
tr	NN	He had a blue paper cap on his head , and in his bed was a latex glove blown up into a 5 fingered balloon .
tr	NN	I let my fingertips flutter down to his sac and trailed my mouth down his length , exploring him .
tr	NN	His careless glance answered Haidar 's black scowl as he passed him on his way out of the room .
tr	NN	And what kind of idiot rents out a run-down diner ?
tr	NNS	" Any objections ? "
tr	NN	" So after that I needed a whisky . "
tr	NN	Bowman asked , a growl in his throat .
tr	NN	That showed real investigative talent .
tr	NN	She pulls a small cloth from her pocket and blots my face .
tr	NNS	" Meaning if I keep trying , I may just wear down your defenses anyway ? "
tr	NN	So I opened the browser and went to People magazine , where they had photos from the red carpet at the Emmys .
tr	NNS	Mandi accepted his actions and groaned out her appreciation .
tr	NNS	You mark any targets and leave it to us to take them out .
tr	NNS	Rick was carefully placing his golf clubs on the sofa .
tr	NNS	" They make noises . "
tr	NN	She also uses butter as the main ingredient in everything she cooks .
tr	NN	He wanted her more than anything now , his arousal controlling his body .
tr	NNS	He recalled the efforts and pain he had to invest in the preparedness for attaining his purposes at different stages of his life .
tr	NNS	I parked several houses down and watched , my stomach growling .
tr	NNS	Does he know the gods personally ?
tr	NN	I knew the drill by now .
tr	NN	ANDREW EXPERIENCED a sensation of discomfort after Little Miss 's death that would not leave him for weeks .
tr	NNS	Jain found three cups and made tea for the three of them .
tr	NN	You couldn 't just pick up the code we have and make it work : not the way it did on Thursday afternoon . "
tr	NN	Your grandfather gave chase and when he caught them , he stabbed Beelzebub with a dagger he carried .
tr	NN	Do you demand proof that I am not a robot ?
tr	NNS	He felt the bites on his arms and legs as if those sharp teeth were tearing into his flesh all over again .
tr	NNS	He could feel the vague emptiness in his body as things began to slowly shut down .
tr	NN	Edward shook his head in surprised disgust .
tr	NNS	The girl placed her palms on Derrick 's eyes .
tr	NN	They did us a favor by sending us here and we owe them our help . "
tr	NN	They heard the truck door slam and in ducked Uncle Jeff through the kitchen door .
tr	NN	Morgan had always controlled this aspect of their relationship , letting off sexual sparks only when it was to her advantage .
tr	NN	No one could turn back the clock on what had taken place .
tr	NNS	And with it came heavy footfalls from the tunnel .
tr	NN	" You mentioned a bargain ?
tr	NN	For the way that you feel against me , and for the way you get this little pucker between your eyes when you kiss me hard .
tr	NN	" At least I didn 't make my reputation from ruining people . "
tr	NNS	" Won 't it have defenses ? "
tr	NNS	She flicked the reins to urge Stormy into a slow walk .
tr	NNS	When they reached Texas , Rio would have connections .
tr	NN	Claire finished her cake , and then dutifully opened the birthday presents her parents brought to the table .
tr	NNS	You have been reading too many gothic novels . "
tr	NNS	Cut my losses . "
tr	NN	He joined a fracking protest .
tr	NNS	Elijah had provisions in his backpack that his friend , " Angel " had prepared for him , but the pack was intentionally packed light .
tr	NN	He pulled a file from underneath a stack of papers on his left side .
tr	NNS	We followed narrow ruts through high weeds .
tr	NNS	Dimitri was one of those people who was regularly pictured in society columns and the women he escorted wore beautiful gowns and were confident and poised .
tr	NNS	Your machine has cobwebs on it . "
tr	NNS	He knew her strengths and most of all he knew all of her many weaknesses .
tr	NN	Sexton gave her a suggestive smirk .
tr	NN	" I 've doubled my father 's fortune by knowing who to trust and who 's a liar . "
tr	NNS	A war is a pivotal moment in time , it triggers off countless numbers of smaller actions ; very few of which could have been predicted .
tr	NNS	Finally , Carlos found three citizens , who espoused the views of the National Workers ' Party .
tr	NNS	He dragged his prickly whiskers down my neck and pushed his hand up my blouse to cup a breast .
tr	NNS	Located off the Lodge 's lobby , it held the basics , a sofa and oversize recliner .
tr	NNS	Mike aligned his priorities .
tr	NN	' You made a brilliant action hero ! '
tr	NN	Prue sipped the chocolate as the first tear started to fall .
tr	NN	Celeste had a task , too .
tr	NNS	The pair dropped their coffees , hugged each other , and jumped around like the winning basketball team at a national championship .
tr	NN	Alex would make a good immortal .
tr	NN	He 'd laid an extra black cloth over her face and the front of her body ; he didn 't want any burns from leaking daylight .
tr	NNS	" Being a bachelor has its benefits .
tr	NNS	I need ninety . '
tr	NNS	" Explain the conditions . "
tr	NN	I seek your forgiveness . "
tr	NNS	She put her palms against the edge of the folding table and pushed herself backward to the end of her bed .
tr	NN	Hopefully I 'll get you concrete info in the next couple of days . '
tr	NN	He then reversed the swing to slam the flat of the axe across the other side of the shaman 's face .
tr	NNS	Water enveloped her thighs , chasing away the chill of bad memories .
tr	NNS	He spoke viciously , and I glanced at Ava , but she lingered by the corner now .
tr	NN	As they talked , the dog and Samson reached an uneasy truce .
tr	NNS	" I 've listed the teams on the last page . "
tr	NNS	Should have had those extra shots of tequila .
tr	NNS	To human eyes , this disappearance can take many forms , depending on the species of demon .
tr	NN	Anybody want a kitten ?
tr	NN	Next he takes his t-shirt off and tosses it to me .
tr	NN	Terry knew the drill : Chris was going to make him go to sleep and send him into the Nightmare World .
tr	NN	Thank god I thought to wear one of my sexiest pairs tonight .
tr	NNS	It would make millions .
tr	NNS	She looked at her husband and then at Jean , who was very pale , drops of blood forming a pool at his booted foot .
tr	NNS	" You saw the deer ? "
tr	NN	I swallowed down the terror that was building steadily , born somewhere in the darkness places of my spirit .
tr	NNS	He had five sons to carry on the family line , and more daughters than any man needed .
tr	NN	After a couple of pets , the mare managed a snort as if to say , whatever .
tr	NNS	Jed got a few hamburgers for Mister and before they left for home they let him jump out of the pick-up and relieve himself .
tr	NN	He growled his disagreement .
tr	NNS	They had been pirating small vessels and cargo ships from there and it was determined that they had to be stopped .
tr	NNS	Use your persuasive skills .
tr	NN	" Why , bitch of the year , don 't you not love your granddaughter ? "
tr	NN	He grunted his ecstasy , thrust his mighty hips to her suckling rhythm .
tr	NN	We cannot choose our fate .
tr	NN	He dragged a dazed Jacey through the crowd and helped her into the Explorer .
tr	NN	She lifted a small teacup to her lips , her face fixed into an expression of thoughtfulness .
tr	NNS	He had several really nice suits but Helena wanted this to be a special event .
tr	NNS	I 'll just get the ingredients and head home .
tr	NNS	Had I ordered items so vibrant ?
tr	NN	" You have a unique talent and I 'd consider it a crime to put any limitation on it .
tr	NN	Despite the connection , Evan was taking my advice and sending his senses farther , forming an opening to the Underworld .
tr	NN	He let out a groan when I suck on his tongue .
tr	NNS	" Cooper , I may have incredible powers but I know no more than you do , you should go now and prepare . "
tr	NN	She spots a waver as the back corners of my mind answer differently .
tr	NNS	She swallowed her objections .
tr	NN	They ignored each outwardly , but they knew each other .
tr	NN	" I mistakenly received a memo this morning -- I believe it was meant for someone else . "
tr	NN	Hailey starts pacing again .
tr	NN	They took the package , and left me on the side of the road .
tr	NN	Then her lips found that suffering nipple .
tr	NN	He set the heavy crossbow down and picked up the one next to it .
tr	NN	Jason rubbed the scruff on his chin .
tr	NN	Clay battled the dragon .
tr	NNS	Jacy took a few deep breaths and resumed her stance , waiting for the music to begin .
tr	NN	I already have a bloke waiting for my call . "
tr	NN	They even investigated the cage with the snake .
tr	NN	His boots and leggings soon followed the gown and doublet to the ground , and he drew her into his arms once more .
tr	NNS	Ranging in age from about twenty to one in his sixties with white hair , all held spears in their hands .
tr	NN	I returned the gesture , then let the door swing shut behind me .
tr	NNS	Sage tied the reins of their mounts to a branch and took Juanita 's hand , leading her under a giant oak tree .
tr	NNS	She wore thick silver bands on her wrist and a matching piece around her neck .
tr	NNS	Men have tick marks for each woman he beds .
tr	NNS	" If they can 't see that I 'm capable of fighting , they don 't deserve my blades . "
tr	NNS	Steam curled off the paper cups and mingled with the scent of cinnamon , raisins and toasted bread .
tr	NNS	" Naturally , I cannot share the specifics of our strategy .
tr	NN	So Henry and Nicola were offered a Scandinavian cruise the following spring .
tr	NN	Brock came over to me and said , " Is there any advice you can give me about these guys ?
tr	NN	Bernie " Cujo " Benoit put his briefcase down on the table and got out of the booth .
tr	NNS	They planted the seeds for everything that followed , then they pulled out , but the groundwork was laid .
tr	NN	I take the butterfly 's wing between my fingers , then rip it from its body , my own heart tearing as I go .
tr	NN	I could see her strength wavering .
tr	NNS	Joffrey recovered his senses enough to haul the reins of his horse back .
tr	NN	He dropped Claire 's clasp and ran a hand through his hair .
tr	NN	A bubble at the top center contained the pilot .
tr	NNS	They protect their lands without regret , kill without remorse .
tr	NNS	I slowly traced the metal numbers with a finger .
tr	NN	Lucien ignored my prayer and went on , " I try to attend .
tr	NNS	Zayne stepped just a few inches to the side , completely facing me .
tr	NNS	So , she and I have new passwords for out computer accounts , e-mail and Facebook and everything .
tr	NN	One way or another , the couturier will make a wealthy woman 's special beauty shine forth .
tr	NNS	Sure , she didn 't crack mirrors , but she would never be mistaken for a supermodel even with an overhaul .
tr	NN	She grabs the fish in her mouth and races up to her mother .
tr	NN	He opened the refrigerator to retrieve the eggs and came up empty .
tr	NNS	" All they need to do is carve sharp points .
tr	NN	After what felt like hours , they crested the hill and left the bush behind .
tr	NN	And outside it a man lay facedown in a pool of blood that shimmered black in the amber light .
tr	NN	Margie had a difficult pregnancy and ended up spending the majority of her final trimester on bed rest .
tr	NNS	We crashed our spears against our shields and shouted out oaths that we would destroy the Welsh enemy or die trying .
tr	NN	" Sorry , old son , you don 't have a prayer .
tr	NN	Gray had read Kane 's dossier , too .
tr	NN	Soft laughter played down her spine , made her shiver with awareness .
tr	NN	Sali opened the trunk to scavenge from the cooler .
tr	NNS	He even changed little Maria 's diapers . "
tr	NN	She put the rifle to her shoulder , took a breath , finger on the trigger , and put Kevin squarely in her sights .
tr	NNS	I do have my doubts .
tr	NN	He used the door frame to straighten because his knees struggled beneath his weight .
tr	NNS	I racked the balls and he broke and continued speaking .
tr	NN	Bracing myself against the inevitable scrape of the thorns , I put my belly to the ground and crawled closer .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't give him directions , but guys on his crew would know . "
tr	NN	He showed little condemnation , but gave a very clear warning at the same time .
tr	NN	" And ... " She gave a little shrug .
tr	NNS	Firstly she would take down the drapes and replace them with a lighter weight fabric to let in the natural light .
tr	NN	He recalled the particular discomfort of this weathered seatbelt against his collarbone and chest .
tr	NNS	" He had babies !
tr	NN	There he was again , the strange bird that invited her to a strange adventure a few weeks ago .
tr	NNS	" He 's having nightmares again .
tr	NNS	" I sent my other guides back .
tr	NN	How I wanted this shark to catch me and do with me what he wanted .
tr	NNS	I fully support abilities .
tr	NN	Fitz Maurice had made a good argument , but most men believed revenge was both honorable and obligatory , and worth the risk of banishment .
tr	NN	Thank god she knew what Tammy was trying to say .
tr	NNS	In fact , each of them had dates written beside them .
tr	NNS	Noah massaged his temples .
tr	NN	' How did you lose the painting ? '
tr	NNS	" The Man Wolf , s playing tricks with them , planting bizarre evidence at the scenes of the crimes . "
tr	NN	She would not have thought a templar knight to be the type to spend time with common troops .
tr	NNS	Or , rather , blowing his little security blocks to hell and back .
tr	NNS	When the Inspector had gone , Alan Greene congratulated his sons again on the way in which they had completed their task .
tr	NNS	I toss the envelopes back on the counter , when the contents of one of them falls to the floor .
tr	NNS	Pulling his eyes if not his attention off Jayne , Conrad swept aside the dishes and reached for a deck of cards .
tr	NN	He sighs and moves the needle for my arms .
tr	NNS	Remember , Hamby had won some blue ribbons for his pumpkins at the state fair .
tr	NNS	battle with his captains , and while Crassus demonstrated the fruits of a lifetime of preparation to succeed his father 's title .
tr	NN	Get the fuck in the truck , babe .
tr	NNS	Katherine gave the thumbs up .
tr	NN	The nurse 's eyebrows , drawn by a black pencil , nearly hit her hairline .
tr	NNS	At last , I have good chunks of meat , suitable for roasting .
tr	NNS	The warriors left the three canoes along the shore of the village and made their way back on foot to safety .
tr	NN	Then I dug out the ice cream .
tr	NN	" You know , I am feeling a little grimy after the long day .
tr	NNS	I smelled roses , thick and sweet .
tr	NN	he heard a yell , off to his right .
tr	NN	The skin had an odd rippling effect , like the air around a fire .
tr	NN	She still projected superiority and control .
tr	NNS	Saffron lights the victory march , Green will mend our broken hearts .
tr	NN	Remember your goal , getting out alive . "
tr	NN	I slapped the receiver in the general direction of the base , reached in the drawer for my purse , and fumbled for my keys .
tr	NN	We MUST act now , we have all the proof we need .
tr	NN	asked an incredulous Terrance .
tr	NNS	" You like cats ? "
tr	NN	" You mean the exclusive fraternity that you and your father were both members of , Anthony ? "
tr	NN	They made their blouse flag amongst a fair amount of mutual teasing over each of their lack of ability to tie a proper knot .
tr	NNS	Did you get contacts over the weekend ? "
tr	NNS	He left his boxer briefs on just in case .
tr	NN	I fell for my mentor last semester and nearly got kicked out of school .
tr	NN	Susie had gotten an iPod .
tr	NNS	He gave examples of how the people had now come to realise that they no longer live in a democracy and their freedom had effectively been removed .
tr	NNS	I quickly slap my palms over my face and shut the gaping hole to keep anything else from flying out .
tr	NN	Fitch leaned down the row and whispered something to an associate , then made his way to the rear of the courtroom as the jury returned .
tr	NN	" Indulge your weapon lust later , Gunner .
tr	NNS	I do not wish reins for feminism ; it would rather do well without it .
tr	NN	Reaching the hallway , she hid a yawn behind her gloved hand .
tr	NN	Instead , she watched a knot of clouds scud over the face of that alien moon .
tr	NNS	I ask " Soldiers from Last Bastion .
tr	NN	They had the option to back out , but they took a chance .
tr	NN	I 've never before understood the true meaning of " handsome devil . "
tr	NN	" So now you challenge my manhood ? "
tr	NNS	He counted four shots before he realized he hadn 't been hit .
tr	NNS	They have sensors that detect synchronized Vito concentration in their prey .
tr	NNS	I hate her short responses .
tr	NN	From time to time she heard her father swearing , or Hal calling out her name .
tr	NN	I took the towel and tossed it on the bed .
tr	NN	I set the basket on the dirt trail and pulled with a vengeance .
tr	NNS	This is doing wonders for his heart . "
tr	NNS	He could only catch fragments of her thoughts as she desperately tried to call out for help , tried to decipher what was happening to her .
tr	NNS	We held our breaths as she pulled it out of her bag .
tr	NN	Did it want a handprint ?
tr	NNS	She trusted Dawson 's instincts .
tr	NNS	" Twenty bucks each .
tr	NN	Oh , and Happy Birthday of course .
tr	NN	He rubbed his thigh even though it didn 't hurt .
tr	NN	Never upset a Newberry .
tr	NN	When I reach the safety of land , I wave my hand and mouth a prayer to lay them back to rest .
tr	NN	Lana quickly tied the knot around my neck and spun me around .
tr	NN	As she watched , he slid the condom over himself .
tr	NN	Saturday we 'd gone mud riding .
tr	NNS	Toby watched the figures before him , dancing in the light of the jostling torches .
tr	NNS	" I assure you , I am not using wires . "
tr	NNS	I still hate new Sunday School classes but this one doesn 't feel new anymore .
tr	NN	Eleanor could feel the fury rolling off Hart , but he would not shout at her with Ian standing between them .
tr	NNS	" Did you make ... biscuits and gravy ? "
tr	NN	She heard her soft muffled groan as he found the heat of her damp curls .
tr	NN	I give to you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul and my body .
tr	NNS	I spot the remains of a few babies as we pursue the demons .
tr	NNS	Then he drew nearer and spoke in a very low tone .
tr	NNS	He immediately snatched the items from my hands .
tr	NNS	Flattery turned , studied his surroundings .
tr	NN	I can lead my squad via the ceiling . "
tr	NN	Daniel could sense impending doom approaching .
tr	NN	" No , I have an appointment . "
tr	NN	But what I could see of him made my breath hitch in my throat .
tr	NNS	No beer bottles , cigarette butts , used condoms .
tr	NN	Without breaking stride , she slapped my butt -- a blatantly clear message to anyone who was watching .
tr	NN	I had the leverage .
tr	NNS	It has had at least two complaints from Con Edison regarding excessive usage . "
tr	NN	Unlike most other angels , Xerxes lacked physical perfection .
tr	NNS	# I followed Josh and Lena 's directions down the Queensway and onto Lakeshore .
tr	NNS	An image formed in her mind 's eye , an image of the string singularity density engines .
tr	NNS	His hands cupped my breasts , holding on to them as he pumped furiously , his fingers twisting my nipples until I cried out .
tr	NNS	Didn 't he always attack his victims on foggy London nights ?
tr	NNS	I have about 50 cards .
tr	NN	" Between cerebrum content and focus content , right ? "
tr	NNS	So , " I say , spraying bread crumbs before I think to swallow .
tr	NN	" Our paid source gives a location in Texas , but it has been watched closely .
tr	NNS	" Target any leaders .
tr	NN	" I didn 't know anybody else wanted to . "
tr	NN	" I find your attitude unseemly , even irreligious , and it offends me . "
tr	NN	She was carrying a slim brown briefcase , which had belonged to Morris : a peculiarly masculine object .
tr	NN	The pleasure was stealing his sanity .
tr	NN	I could see the hunger in his eyes , as they paused at my lips before meeting my gaze again .
tr	NN	She could see the fright in his eyes as he placed his only daughters ' hands within this strangers care .
tr	NNS	You cannot sow a million seeds without reaping one potato .
tr	NNS	Maybe it weakened their inhibitions toward violence ; maybe it increased their testosterone .
tr	NNS	So they based their conclusions solely on the first guy .
tr	NN	He had a backpack on and his hands were filled with books .
tr	NNS	He noticed some cameras installed in the corridor .
tr	NN	" Look , you want my advice ?
tr	NNS	Sometimes we 'd join other professors and their wives .
tr	NNS	They would use wire ties to seal the several parts of him into cold black plastic .
tr	NN	The love that answered me in her eyes had an almost tangible quality , and I had to fight the urge to hold her .
tr	NNS	The broken glass and ceramic had been swept away , the shelves rebuilt .
tr	NNS	Someday , I 'll give him a hard slaps on his both cheeks .
tr	NNS	Most folks have wheels on their suitcases .
tr	NN	He gave a derisive snort .
tr	NNS	And , don 't get me wrong , I really loved the original Minos . '
tr	NNS	They took two members of the party while we fled .
tr	NNS	What do you call yourselves ? "
tr	NNS	With slow steps he approached the unconscious forms .
tr	NNS	Bruce creates the amazing covers , the astounding book trailers and makes my writing so much better .
tr	NN	Stefan grabbed another handful of my hair and turned us around so I was pinned between himself and the wall , the predator inside of him resurfacing .
tr	NNS	" You can 't have different versions and have the same people ! "
tr	NN	" Trouble is finding a block that 's still the same .
tr	NNS	' We had some amazing ancestors . '
tr	NNS	We all unloaded the supplies and readied to inoculate all the children .
tr	NN	Operation Saturn occupied a small man-made cavern off the train tracks .
tr	NN	" I don 't have an associate . "
tr	NNS	Danny remembers the nightmares he would have .
tr	NNS	Kevin put his torches inside the metal bars and he peeked through it .
tr	NNS	' Well , I ... I must admit I had my doubts .
tr	NN	I also loved the interaction with people , even if I did have to put up with some who were rude and demanding .
tr	NN	' You are here , sir , ' the stewardess indicated the stateroom closest to the stairs .
tr	NNS	He ripped the covers back and growled when he found the bed empty .
tr	NN	Why , just 1,000 of these elite soldiers could turn the tide of the war !
tr	NNS	None of them made unnecessary movements in their position .
tr	NNS	We still had our senses .
tr	NN	The music needed no content - it needed pulse and drive and power .
tr	NNS	Scanning the others , I see four other blues and one red .
tr	NN	Otherwise I 'm calling my uncle for help because I don 't know what to do with you right now . "
tr	NNS	Ricky was now tossing samples of covers for all kinds of portable electronic devices before the suits at the table .
tr	NNS	And then the old man tucked the sausages in their bag into his pocket and resumed his journey home .
tr	NNS	When he got closer , I could see the whites of his eyes , wide with hunger .
tr	NNS	" How could they have so many ships working so soon after ' the Pulse ' ? "
tr	NN	She took the dazed pigeon by its leg again and , seemingly out of spite , flung it hard against the wall .
tr	NNS	I counted twelve skips ; not bad .
tr	NNS	It was overcoming all his senses .
tr	NNS	Nobody but the hospital personnel had ever seen the marks left by the fire .
tr	NNS	If it 's more of your ... your rather childish tales of -- " Gus held out his hand .
tr	NN	Inside the solid glass eye , she could see an integrated circuit with several loose cables , the motherboard of Evans .
tr	NNS	With that , the two young men raced their underfed , naked frames to the water 's edge .
tr	NN	Jace used an Open rune to get in through the front door , took the stairs two at a time , and buzzed Magnus 's apartment bell .
tr	NN	You owe them no loyalty !
tr	NNS	Peasant women carried buckets in both hands , singing to God , ignoring Leon .
tr	NNS	I lifted the covers and he slid in after his boots silently hit the floor .
tr	NNS	We don 't dare light fires at night .
tr	NN	The four men pushed the sailboat out into the surf and then climbed aboard .
tr	NN	A chill shot down Abbey 's spine .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any contracts for it right now .
tr	NN	Those painful memories gave her enough self-control to shift away from him on the bed .
tr	NNS	" Nothing more than over sized dogs .
tr	NN	This isn 't helping your priority argument . "
tr	NN	A chill tiptoed down my spine .
tr	NNS	They ordered sandwiches and talked for another hour about the trial , and the verdict , and how best to persuade Angel .
tr	NNS	She tested the waters , hoping to prompt a reaction that would reveal their true nature .
tr	NNS	Tears stabbed my eyeballs like a hundred tiny needles .
tr	NNS	First , I harvested the cameras from my spare EVA suit .
tr	NNS	Sage saw tracks of wolves , bear , and puma .
tr	NN	She pressed a fingertip against his chest .
tr	NN	I feel my stomach flutter with butterflies , and my heart skips a beat .
tr	NNS	With each door they passed , more black figures joined their ranks until their number was near twenty .
tr	NN	Rachel fished the pager from her handbag and pressed a preset sequence of five buttons , confirming that she was indeed the person holding the pager .
tr	NNS	Why should he , when he can hire infinite numbers of bright young men to understand it for him ? "
tr	NNS	Her Mary Janes echoed off the wood floors .
tr	NNS	They made concerned noises , but I assured them that I 'd just had a really strange cramp in my hand .
tr	NNS	He pulled out both cards , each with a Frosty on the front .
tr	NNS	She extinguished the candles and stood in the dark , listening .
tr	NNS	Anyways , Momma and I finished up the dishes and I quickly went off to bed .
tr	NN	We 'll be hauling valuable cargo , so I 'll make the wagon into a rolling fortress .
tr	NN	Thorn grasped the shovel and started to dig .
tr	NNS	Reid 's Glock echoed the shots from my gun on the opposite side of the car .
tr	NN	Then , she dropped the extra clip in her purse .
tr	NNS	She touched the white balls at the end of the chains .
tr	NN	My mom hit the lottery down in Tijuana , Peoria had said , and I had known something about it wasn 't right even then .
tr	NN	He was wearing a plain white t-shirt that contrasted his dark skin , and jean shorts .
tr	NNS	I was doing some chest presses when I noticed Colt .
tr	NN	I repeat the word nemesis .
tr	NNS	Van Gogh never enjoyed the fruits of his genius .
tr	NNS	One of the new features includes measures to keep users from losing their Bitcoins in case the site is forcibly shut down again .
tr	NN	Bruce 's driver places his pistol on the table .
tr	NNS	His uncles had covered old lies with layers of new ones .
tr	NN	By boat , messengers could easily escape the tightening noose , and reports managed to reach Kiev daily .
tr	NN	Monica ripped open the wrapping and box .
tr	NNS	He followed her movements through the corners of his eyes as she popped open the lid and rolled three tablets into her hand .
tr	NNS	" We 'll have beautiful babies . "
tr	NN	Ty wagged his fork in his brother 's direction .
tr	NNS	I had never found such effortless bliss in all my days .
tr	NN	" Thank you , my lord .
tr	NN	" Have you found the suspect ? "
tr	NNS	Josie covered the next ten yards fast .
tr	NN	However , as he walked over and looked at its bowed head , he saw a long , straight horn crowning its brow .
tr	NNS	He loved the islands .
tr	NN	Apparently she was bringing her own furniture to the Principal 's office , and was happy to keep the present level of administration .
tr	NN	Creepy chills slid up my spine .
tr	NNS	Jules was flipping Scrabble tiles over in the top of the box while Maddy unpacked the order .
tr	NN	I took another anxious step backwards .
tr	NNS	She was making harsh assumptions on someone she didn 't even know .
tr	NNS	Every word , every expression on his adored face was impaling the spears into her deeper .
tr	NN	Cassandra saw blood trickle from the outer corner of her left eye .
tr	NN	Can only guess your location in time .
tr	NNS	They were both consenting adults - and no one would be hurt by a simple kiss .
tr	NN	We hear gunfire and bombs exploding as we are closer to the capital city .
tr	NN	" What about a potted plant ? "
tr	NN	He used a rag and wiped the rust from his face , leaving tawny colored streaks that looked like war paint .
tr	NNS	She had almost two hundred dollars in her pocket but thought it best to keep that to herself .
tr	NN	" I meant the protective covering .
tr	NNS	Throw out your mildewed pews and rather celebrate the speck of light which adorns the morning .
tr	NNS	Then he was falling backwards .
tr	NN	She put her toy away , got out of bed and padded to her window seat to look out into the dark .
tr	NN	I toss the backpack onto the bed and follow her into the shower .
tr	NNS	I had two weekends free , and if I planned to see my dad on the second weekend , I had to see hers the first weekend .
tr	NN	Maybe I should make a doctor 's appointment for you . "
tr	NNS	I had elaborate visions of where this was going with Noah , but I wanted to focus on tonight .
tr	NN	Katie put down her umbrella and ran a hand through her hair .
tr	NNS	They offer few benefits to their employees .
tr	NN	" We can defeat the Queen , but we need to do it very carefully . "
tr	NNS	From above I could make out the forms of the crew as if I were looking down on a set of figurines .
tr	NN	Keep your dread fixed on the idea of increasing that remorse which is so bitter to you .
tr	NNS	Maybe take a few calming breaths while I 'm at it .
tr	NNS	" You 're paying her ten million dollars to be your wife for a year and you 're sleeping with her . "
tr	NNS	Noah grabbed our backpacks and slung them over his shoulders , so I picked up both trays and his cups and made toward the clean-up conveyor belt .
tr	NNS	His voice held a roughness .
tr	NNS	He pulled up the current weather conditions .
tr	NN	A couple guys wearing all black were setting up equipment .
tr	NNS	The people from my village have special abilities too .
tr	NNS	She knew his strengths and his weaknesses .
tr	NNS	She also had the biscuits .
tr	NN	Using the latest technology .
tr	NN	Jamie picked himself up , his face a tight knot of fury at the insult .
tr	NNS	I know the regulations . "
tr	NNS	He plays his cards close to his chest .
tr	NN	In Bahrain , they don ´ t like what the filmmaker releases now , so they wanted their own production .
tr	NN	Jackie set the paper wad on the desk and leaned back again .
tr	NN	But I took an oath of silence .
tr	NN	Craft requires dedication to learn it well and discipline to handle the responsibilities that come with that kind of power .
tr	NN	" Maybe you 're better off getting a lesson from a real instructor anyway . "
tr	NNS	As clan leader as well as pride leader , he could father cubs on a lone female belonging to no pride or clan if he wanted to .
tr	NNS	Baring her teeth again , she raised both palms .
tr	NN	I 'd missed her crazy humor .
tr	NNS	" You mean water faeries ? "
tr	NN	He bit his lip uncertainly and held the plastic ring out for her to inspect .
tr	NN	She grabbed her pen and clipboard and jotted a few things down .
tr	NN	The sultry heat invaded the cockpit , while the taxi walked , slow , sunny avenues .
tr	NNS	More humans in the bigger cities took drugs that not only damaged their lives but also spoiled them as meat .
tr	NN	They involved rope and blindfolds and paddles and moans that shattered me until he drove inside and put me back together again .
tr	NN	She pulls a long strand of hair over her face .
tr	NN	We passed End of an Era cemetery .
tr	NNS	" Sure , let me just put these roses in a cup . "
tr	NN	- and the city had no shortage of these - he didn " t much care about what else it did .
tr	NN	" We have a cousin Rafael in New York City ; he can get us a car to drive back . "
tr	NN	I gather my backpack and slink down the hall .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have the actual tapes .
tr	NNS	Perhaps knowing would ease her fears if she had to do this again .
tr	NN	" This way to your cabin , " said the conductor .
tr	NN	Mia had a small frame , but Sebastian was impressed by her muscles .
tr	NN	None of them knew sign language so she had to write everything down on a portable dry erase board she carried around in her bag .
tr	NNS	My stomach drops several notches .
tr	NN	Then the tears erupted , freezing in her lashes .
tr	NN	But she got the impression I was married . "
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to stick my tongue out at her .
tr	NN	He fired a handful of blind shots before getting himself enough balance to look up and into the yard .
tr	NNS	And so we can 't use those techniques .
tr	NN	A small tingle raced up her spine , and her heart quickened .
tr	NN	When any man looked at her , he would see perfection .
tr	NNS	" I 'll pay you the fucking 99 cents ! "
tr	NNS	With one still alive , that 's all six accounted for , gentlemen . "
tr	NNS	- and I 'm putting thirty dollars into the pot , sir .
tr	NN	She felt his body stiffen behind her .
tr	NN	Sugar brought out the package he 'd sent , wanting to know more of the stories behind his childhood achievements , the photos and merit certificates .
tr	NN	I hated the whining quality of my tone .
tr	NNS	She gathered her sisters as backup and headed outside , careful not to shiver at the sudden drop in temperature .
tr	NN	" I need a pen , paper .
tr	NN	I had tried the fudge , the cake , the candy , and the cookies .
tr	NN	Dr. Donovan had a good reputation and we felt confident sending our volunteers to him . "
tr	NNS	Lynette hadn 't attended many funerals .
tr	NNS	Homemade shelves held canned food supplies .
tr	NNS	Use your many skills to bring all of them together . "
tr	NNS	She 'd bet a hundred bucks he had been at one time .
tr	NNS	I 'm holding buckets while they retch .
tr	NN	Desmond had remembered his infrequent correspondence with an anonymous emailer .
tr	NNS	I spent my last five bucks on lunch today . "
tr	NN	Adel takes the pen , hesitates for a moment and glances over at his father .
tr	NNS	The two riders atop each of the sleek machines wore dark helmets and leather biker suits .
tr	NNS	You don 't take drugs .
tr	NN	After hanging the dress , she grabbed a nightgown from her chest and walked back into her bedroom .
tr	NNS	He cracked the reins , and the horses moved forward into the gathering gloom .
tr	NNS	You know sisters . "
tr	NN	Throughout this painful process , they 'd developed a respect for one another that she 'd completely trashed in one split second .
tr	NNS	She picked up the apples from the basket and washed it in running water .
tr	NN	Anya opened the first file within reach .
tr	NNS	Spotting a round table in a secluded part of the building with no one near by , they unload their trays .
tr	NNS	Dropping my stare to the sidewalk and slowing my speed , I waited three breaths before shifting my gaze back to them .
tr	NNS	I could feel his hardness pressed up against me , and I moaned .
tr	NN	" You could lay off the attitude . "
tr	NNS	Work in the cold , eat hot meals for lunch .
tr	NNS	" You 're spreading lies about me in the community . "
tr	NNS	Denise considered Carla 's motives before deciding there weren 't any .
tr	NN	I could take Shark Tooth Necklace 's advice and leave quickly , pretending I 'd never been here .
tr	NNS	Then I lit candles and handed them up to her , trying to cup the flames as I did .
tr	NN	Howie snapped off the lid and placed one of the pills in Peter 's open palm .
tr	NNS	We substituted our own exchanges for those between Aaron or Yuri and the Elders , and those from the Elders to them .
tr	NNS	Someone had obviously mopped the floors and cleaned the cells , but the air remained rank with the smell of old sweat , urine , and fear .
tr	NN	If these people turn into Freaks ... With some effort , I curtailed my urge to speculate and focused on the facts .
tr	NN	Zen did a little grumbling of his own .
tr	NNS	" And they hate the highways that pass through the desert .
tr	NN	She 'd grab a toy from the yard and insist on playing fetch .
tr	NN	It still achieved her intent .
tr	NNS	She saw the knobby knuckles and wrinkles that had formed .
tr	NN	He plucked a strand of hair from my head .
tr	NN	" I need a revolver .
tr	NN	The meds nuke my talent .
tr	NNS	The girls that had arrived a few days earlier , showed the new arrivals how to line up .
tr	NN	She pulled a notepad from her stained apron .
tr	NNS	" You have tapes , Mr. Cermak ? "
tr	NNS	The woman bared her fangs in a mocking laugh .
tr	NNS	To do that would divide their numbers .
tr	NNS	Karen got their numbers out of your cell phone and has been calling them all weekend , trying to find you . "
tr	NN	I 'm supposed to meet some friends , and I 'm new here , " she said a little defensively .
tr	NNS	I had seen mermaids .
tr	NNS	We heard murmurs outside of the tent and smirked .
tr	NN	" Tonight we have a special treat for you ! "
tr	NNS	I had my suspicions about Devon , and I wondered if I could sense anything by their interaction .
tr	NN	He kissed her temple .
tr	NNS	The pupil had lit the candles just before she had drawn the shutters to a close .
tr	NN	Kat repeated the gesture , adjusting it slightly .
tr	NN	Enzo took the peace offering and shifted towards his door .
tr	NNS	I didn 't make millions from posing for magazines .
tr	NN	Where would you ever find another caring and considerate employer like me .
tr	NN	" When does Josh get a bath ? "
tr	NN	You have chosen your allegiance well .
tr	NNS	She had used her suspicions to try to justify her choices , and they weren 't even true .
tr	NN	Not even the girls had any jewelry on .
tr	NNS	All of them had made multiple trips to set the transport markers .
tr	NN	The wind got wilder and wilder .
tr	NNS	From what he had learned so far , the big guy leading the pack had been building cruise ships until a month ago .
tr	NN	A chill iced up her spine .
tr	NNS	Hidden within the branches , he could barely make out several tall humanoid forms .
tr	NNS	" Never curse the gods .
tr	NNS	I imagine their savage jaws , twisted faces and sharpened fangs .
tr	NNS	As he got to the last door he could find , he heard noises from inside .
tr	NN	She dished up the casserole and passed him the salad .
tr	NN	" Trying a little psychology ? "
tr	NNS	When he pulled up alongside , he took her reins , slowing the horse to a walk .
tr	NNS	" Quite impressive " , she said , gesturing to the lined up figures .
tr	NN	The other girl witness , a close friend of Elisabetta , made an impression of being far more sensible .
tr	NNS	" It took two pairs of helpers .
tr	NN	Enzo twirls a dagger in one of his gloved hands .
tr	NNS	Walt had the connections , and it was evident he was doing everything in his power to make the media carry the story far and wide .
tr	NNS	I studied the tapes as he must have , and she doesn 't attack unless she believes she is forced to defend herself .
tr	NN	It had a delicate painting of a girl standing under a tree that must have been painted with the world 's tiniest brush .
tr	NNS	The only sound was the harsh inhale and exhale I made through my nose , his Cool Water cologne attacked my senses .
tr	NNS	" So you have connections . "
tr	NNS	A habit now , he began placing pebbles the day he buried the man in a reminder of Indian ways to honor a friend .
tr	NN	He just hasn 't found his niche yet .
tr	NNS	She switched off the wipers , lights and the engine .
tr	NN	Fin straightened his spine , lowered his hands slightly .
tr	NNS	I could see bloody , angry scratch marks marring his chest and neck .
tr	NNS	He waved the drivers and onlookers out of the way as his car jerked forward , tossing him to the ground with its bumper .
tr	NNS	" You have acquired the skills that I requested ? "
tr	NN	At the tender age of twenty-one Celeste had won the lottery ; the sole winning ticket of thirty-six million dollars .
tr	NN	They threatened sabotage and here it was .
tr	NN	Make sure Mom tells him I 'm glad those trench digging skills of his worked out so well . "
tr	NNS	You separate the needed bits from the babble . "
tr	NNS	" I used my contacts in Israeli intelligence to have you taken to Masada , in case the Gospel was there . "
tr	NNS	" But I can do all sorts of neat things now .
tr	NNS	How many floors had he descended ?
tr	NN	Gently Alex whisked back a strand of hair from her face .
tr	NN	Don 't all people have the urge to steal at some time or other ?
tr	NN	He read the email to Kelly and waited for her to respond .
tr	NNS	Aidan examined the palms of his hands in silence , searching each crease for a sign .
tr	NN	Edwina retrieved her basket of flowers .
tr	NN	We spotted another unmarked cruiser there , though not a Crown Vic .
tr	NNS	Dip remembered all the insults he 'd faced and wished he 'd had bosses that understanding .
tr	NN	Daniel got a fright .
tr	NN	" Checked my location ?
tr	NNS	A gang leader with a leader who uses hypnosis and hurts his victims in bizarre rituals . "
tr	NN	Miss Daly had a racing bicycle and could be seen flying across cliff roads pedalling madly .
tr	NNS	The race respected all forms of life .
tr	NNS	' I want numbers before I leave here .
tr	NNS	No frigates nor smaller ships .
tr	NN	And you will not survive the encounter .
tr	NNS	The volunteers had prepared biscuits , gravy , scrambled eggs and orange juice .
tr	NNS	" Oh , thank heavens !
tr	NNS	" Analyze data . "
tr	NN	Sarah gave a final pat to the pillow .
tr	NNS	Not by choice , but I have some talents that have relegated me to such .
tr	NNS	I could feel the hoof beats of the two horses gaining ground behind us .
tr	NN	This part of the Rhine , indeed , presents a singularly variegated landscape .
tr	NN	At least with gold and silver , the people would never lose faith in the financial system .
tr	NNS	A ceramic jar held needles for acupuncture .
tr	NNS	Everywhere I looked , I saw flowing bowls in one hand and handfuls of food in the other .
tr	NN	Cotton hugged gentle curves her bulky uniform usually disguised .
tr	NN	I lost all joy in life and wandered like an empty shell .
tr	NNS	" Our leader here and I will now also change our forms .
tr	NNS	And most important ... " He don 't got no fangs . "
tr	NN	He caught the sphere , and Nia paid a price to protect us .
tr	NN	We had an argument because I told him I didn 't want to see him anymore .
tr	NNS	Some pointed to bronze door latches , others to crude iron nails holding boards together .
tr	NN	He left the basket and the scattered mess on the floor and headed to his workshop at the back of the cabin .
tr	NN	I punched my knuckles lightly against the door knob in solidarity .
tr	NNS	You built those houses !
tr	NN	" You people don 't deserve treatment . "
tr	NNS	" I see numbers . "
tr	NN	Lake takes an entire handful of her fries and throws them toward Gavin 's face .
tr	NN	She recognized the lord of the underworld 's scent .
tr	NNS	They had large metal cups filled with something that looked like beer , and they were laughing loudly .
tr	NNS	Roman pillars , lion statues , gurgling fountains - the miniature mansions serve as tangible testaments of their owners ' wealth .
tr	NNS	When she looked down she saw dainty ballet flats with bows .
tr	NNS	" I take it the two teddy bears are your doing . "
tr	NNS	Or did she choose her sisters , keep her career , and lose Mortimer ?
tr	NNS	As Liza crawled out of the tiny tunnel , shaking dirt from her pajama bottoms , she took long and grateful gulps of air .
tr	NNS	She 'd read the magazines while they waited at the gate , and on the plane he 'd sat with Annie .
tr	NNS	Two pregnant women had battled weather and horrible conditions to save their children .
tr	NNS	He owned the lands on all sides of the village .
tr	NNS	According to existentialism , we determine or create our individual selves by the choices we make in life .
tr	NNS	They made these adjustments so that your species could evolve .
tr	NNS	They piled the crates up on the cart outside .
tr	NNS	They drew hard breaths at her gesture and withdrew themselves .
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths .
tr	NN	A man taking lovers outside of that marriage was considered a dandy or a rake , while a woman doing so was called a whore .
tr	NN	He returned the favor , wrapping her in his arms , pulling her deep in his body and dipping his chin to look down at her .
tr	NN	Her hand on Greens chest stopped his advance .
tr	NN	Whirling about , she caught a faint glimpse of a couple struggling just outside the light .
tr	NN	When I open yours it gives me joy , but it is difficult to look past the cover . "
tr	NN	He can even speak the language a lot better than she had thought .
tr	NN	He took out a pen , held his hand over the page and hesitated a moment .
tr	NNS	But look , here comes Polonius now . "
tr	NN	The school had made a bad impression on her .
tr	NNS	He 's saved more planets and galaxies than any other hero in existence .
tr	NN	More than I ever loved anybody else , ever . "
tr	NNS	I checked the hospitals , even the morgue . "
tr	NNS	He could literally break apart the atoms in his body and move through solid objects .
tr	NNS	Shorty started the engines and eased the boat away from the dock .
tr	NNS	Someone had pulled away the weeds and debris , including the inevitable rotting mattress and decomposing armchair .
tr	NNS	But Dobson had obviously made some special arrangements for me , no doubt on Madeline 's orders .
tr	NNS	They reloaded the bats in a moment .
tr	NN	I see the indecision on her face .
tr	NNS	She was making thoughtful little noises as she circled me .
tr	NN	Frowning , Kylie looked down at her boobs , a tad worried what her mom would say when she saw her .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't make many more trips back , and I had four more power spikes to investigate before the machine short-circuited completely .
tr	NN	" We caught an intruder within our walls last night , yes . "
tr	NNS	Kenny yelled directions out to Sparrow as they passed intersection after drab intersection .
tr	NNS	A sudden chill iced her insides .
tr	NNS	He had signed supervisory management contracts with several new clients , and a couple more intended to present his proposals to their board of directors .
tr	NNS	We have insufficient data .
tr	NN	My stomach gives a hot pinch at the sight of him .
tr	NN	When Grandma knit socks , she had maybe half a dozen . "
tr	NNS	" The criminal escaped our teams .
tr	NN	" I don 't want the fellowship this badly , not if it comes at the expense of my friends .
tr	NN	" Well , we are actually expecting a visitor .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of the Shaggy Man at the rear of the car .
tr	NN	He made no demonstration of his authority ; he simply marched into the fields and took one of the farmer 's horses .
tr	NN	Her hands traced my six-pack .
tr	NN	" When I was a boy , Mrs. Beecham , " he interrupted her , " no one saw any potential in me at all . "
tr	NN	" I have a warrant here for your arrest . "
tr	NNS	I dismissed her fears , thinking her separation from Jacques the cause . "
tr	NNS	The other horsemen wore helmets that screened their faces .
tr	NN	" So Brahman created the universe ? "
tr	NNS	' She 's right , ' Casino slapped Minos on the back .
tr	NN	As he started towards him , he dropped his rifle and clenched his fists .
tr	NN	It worked a treat .
tr	NNS	" Well , I 've been taking martial arts classes for several years . "
tr	NNS	The doom of gibberish frustrated their efforts .
tr	NN	I didn 't need her pity .
tr	NN	But then he heard her groan and felt that distinctive shudder and nothing could 've stopped him from joining her .
tr	NN	" I need a favor . "
tr	NNS	" In two weeks , but you know babies .
tr	NNS	We threw our paper cups in the bin by the entrance then stepped through the sliding , circular automatic doors .
tr	NN	He was holding up traffic .
tr	NN	Just like that , I dropped the curtain on those memories and the small part of me that didn 't feel permanently hardened .
tr	NNS	" But when that pie arrives , you owe me twenty bucks .
tr	NN	He gripped his cock , stroking himself up and down .
tr	NNS	He flicked drops of water from his fingers and finally looked at her .
tr	NNS	" They are taking different routes but we are all going to meet here , that 's the plan . "
tr	NNS	As an employee with Indigo , he got facilities that he had never had before .
tr	NNS	Once more they wore the uniforms of the Death Guard .
tr	NNS	" I 've got reports of at least thirty-seven distinct copies of him yelling in the city .
tr	NNS	The journal gives directions from there .
tr	NNS	For hours on end , she 'd walk the halls , weeping and begging the spirits to bring you safely home . "
tr	NN	She was buttoning up her blouse when I stumbled on you guys . "
tr	NN	Stupid person who installed barbed wire on the slopes . "
tr	NNS	My parents would warm bricks in the oven , then wrap them in towels .
tr	NN	He had not yet finished the morning review with his commanders when an official messenger of the palace arrived , requesting his presence at the palace .
tr	NNS	You can kill a deer quickly without inflicting pain . "
tr	NN	Charles said goodnight and moved off toward the bunkhouse .
tr	NNS	" You 've got birds on the brain .
tr	NNS	" I detest witches . "
tr	NNS	" I have no spells . "
tr	NNS	Chances were they all had strange auras and thought nothing of hers .
tr	NNS	He changed subjects , standing up straight in an effort to appear more masculine .
tr	NNS	He continued his slow movements along his engorged shaft , his hand gripping the base and sliding up over the sensitive tip .
tr	NNS	As the professor studies the sample under a microscope , the officers anxiously await his conclusions .
tr	NN	The crew of Enterprise could see the faint detail of one of the ships of the Watchers .
tr	NN	But apparently Ann Yanni 's celebrity status overcame her reluctance .
tr	NNS	Business letters , business letters , requisition forms ... " I remember when it began , " Farley said .
tr	NN	She had a nice praise CD playing and she stopped for dinner .
tr	NN	" It might disrupt trade for a while , but I doubt it would have the effect we want .
tr	NNS	Abraham heard tales about the casinos early on when people were still heading toward Denver , before the terrible silence .
tr	NN	He had a beer belly , but not a big one .
tr	NNS	I wracked my brains for an example that would get through to her .
tr	NNS	I had grown almost 8 inches in the past year .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	At first , he received an abundance of gawking looks and bewildered gasps .
tr	NN	Maybe we better call the fire department . "
tr	NN	He fought the urge to say not yet ; he couldn 't throw out hope as if it were penny candy .
tr	NN	A shiver crept up her spine , and it was all too much too soon .
tr	NN	Hopefully , wherever we were going didn 't have a dress code .
tr	NN	Once more her daughter made a mad dash out of the bedroom , returning a moment later .
tr	NN	Terrance completed his e-mail correspondence and determined he should begin to display some semblance of job interest .
tr	NNS	After thirty minutes of searching they found all the ships from the list , still docked and out in the open .
tr	NNS	He was running a few errands for his parents , but he 'll be back in a little while . "
tr	NNS	He smiled encouragingly , tweaked her nose so she smiled , and moved to explore the view through the big Plexiglas picture window .
tr	NN	He leaned his hip against the drinks cabinet and continued to watch her , his face showing nothing .
tr	NN	He pats his napkin to his lips and looks like he just opened a checking account .
tr	NNS	Nathan 's head lifted mechanically , blue mirror balls shifting to her , the vacuous glare in them enough to give any vampire pause .
tr	NN	He doesn 't like solitary confinement , or the food , the guards , the rules .
tr	NN	He resisted an urge to tell Deegan that if this was some sort of Candid Camera bullshit , he could go fuck himself .
tr	NN	He sipped some juice .
tr	NNS	" The SWAT team 's equipment now includes video cameras mounted on their helmets .
tr	NNS	I found libraries full of scientific bots -- way more than had been available in the New York library .
tr	NNS	' They 've got troubles enough along the Mexican border . '
tr	NN	We 'd make a good duo . "
tr	NN	Nothing in the screen gave his location away , but by the occasional horns and distant sirens , he was obviously filming on a street .
tr	NN	" Only half a dozen ?
tr	NNS	I knew his fighting techniques , so even in a dress I could 've beaten him .
tr	NN	If Anna hadn 't known how very much Steven loved his sister , she might have found his attitude a little odd but she understood .
tr	NNS	" The kids loved my apples . "
tr	NNS	I took Jess to the bathroom closest to the pool and left her to go back and get her clothing .
tr	NN	Just like a bird . "
tr	NNS	His sons and grandsons took their proper positions .
tr	NN	He just slid off the tower like dead weight . "
tr	NNS	" I do have other houses where they 'd be safe , but I refused to let him go unless you agreed to it . "
tr	NNS	" My men are policing our country 's highways , Lord Edan . "
tr	NNS	How do you see those new lands and people fitting in with us ? "
tr	NNS	He rubs his thumbs over my knuckles .
tr	NN	His words made her insides quiver , as did his hands as they circled her hips and pulled her back into his arms .
tr	NN	He nuzzled her temple , stroked her back .
tr	NN	" I don 't have a swimsuit . "
tr	NN	" Yeah , I actually have a doctor 's appointment so I have to hurry my ass up . "
tr	NNS	Drew grabbed the handlebars and cranked the throttle .
tr	NN	I threw my napkin on the table and stood .
tr	NNS	Their minds fought their hearts .
tr	NNS	He dumped a few coins into his hand , then carefully made his way forward , leaving his discarded garments for the beggars .
tr	NN	She used her flexible cat spine to turn , hands seeking a branch .
tr	NNS	Our engineers have run the numbers , and it has enough fuel for a Mars injection orbit .
tr	NN	It was steadily filling the pentagram .
tr	NN	I had a sudden realisation of what I was doing .
tr	NN	Ben put the pillow behind his head and said , " Yeah ... or really close family members sometimes .
tr	NNS	Whether Geraldine had envisioned a relationship between Colin and Luna or not , she 'd set the wheels in motion for them to meet .
tr	NN	She had a vague impression that he 'd been lying beside her , and the imprint in the dirt confirmed that .
tr	NNS	I toss the cushions back in place hurriedly .
tr	NNS	I could smell popcorn and corn dogs and something frying in grease .
tr	NNS	Sometimes they accused whole families . "
tr	NN	Ephesus That evening , Wil and Betty had their first disagreement of the trip .
tr	NNS	" Four million dollars ! "
tr	NNS	You can leaves scrolls with the image of Buddha on by all the doors and windows .
tr	NNS	She just messaged students this morning with the clarification . "
tr	NN	" Obviously , in the wrong place , " she said sarcastically , " if I was thinking of cooking dinner for you .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any more gray stains on the pillowcases . "
tr	NNS	We will ask the gods to grant you immortality .
tr	NN	" Sorry , but I didn 't want anybody to think we were leaving together . "
tr	NNS	' We like it when you show up , Reese , ' Nate returned genuinely , not boldly flirtatious .
tr	NNS	" I had pocket issues .
tr	NNS	Playing cards and plastic figurines .
tr	NN	I checked the clock .
tr	NNS	My tennis shoes make crunching noises , disrupting silence so absolute it seems as though even the insects have stopped buzzing .
tr	NN	I heard Ash 's warning shout , sensed that both heads had broken off their attacks and were now coming for me .
tr	NN	With any luck , she could find a buyer for her wares and be able to pay her way .
tr	NNS	" I can touch your balls .
tr	NNS	I threw the covers off of my bed and ran to the mirror .
tr	NNS	The Red Rec needs guardians to watch over the kids while they take swimming lessons .
tr	NN	He destroyed the equipment he 'd built as well , so nobody could follow him .
tr	NN	It adds an extra element of humanity to the zombie .
tr	NNS	When he learned you were having financial difficulties ... " " You certainly did know something , " Harriet rejoined bitterly .
tr	NNS	We had ... uh ... errands to run . "
tr	NNS	Finally , the President dumped the remaining gold coins into the economy to jump-start it .
tr	NNS	She moves forward and presses against one of the large wall panels , which opens with a pop .
tr	NNS	Those girls have the brains of breath mints . "
tr	NN	He never lost consciousness and , luckily , there isn 't a lot of heart damage .
tr	NN	He made a dismissive gesture .
tr	NNS	This time , I don 't see any tubes for the particles to attach to .
tr	NN	Each of them had a nemesis , but Holly didn 't know about hers and Gia wasn 't ready to meet Tiffany head on .
tr	NNS	Beaming with pride , Lena replied , " Too bad Mom can 't see my skills . "
tr	NN	He tossed the towel into the hamper near the shower and clothed himself .
tr	NN	" And you believe that crap that he 's feeding you about him being the only killer ? "
tr	NNS	Slowly she rolled his balls in the palm of her hand , creating a subtle yet powerful massage .
tr	NNS	Up until now , Duncan found his missions pleasurable .
tr	NNS	Although dawn was nearing , he followed the scents of the curs to the kitchen .
tr	NN	He clicks the cap on , cocks his head , and smiles with pride at his cleverness .
tr	NNS	Time to get his priorities in order and focus on the investigation .
tr	NNS	Egwene scanned the shelves .
tr	NN	I own my talent , no one else . "
tr	NN	I want every single sensation all over me .
tr	NNS	I picked up my phone and sent an email to my instructors , informing them I would be resuming classes in the morning .
tr	NNS	" If you want to wait , we can make some pots of water over the fire .
tr	NN	" Why would she set a trap for him ? "
tr	NNS	We avoided all roads and camped out in caves or under fallen trees .
tr	NN	" Can I have top bunk ? "
tr	NNS	Lots of people see marriage counselors after an affair , and they make it work . "
tr	NN	What if she refused to change , would he take the villagers ' advice , force himself on her ?
tr	NN	And you 're still wearing your dressing gown .
tr	NN	Who has a butler ?
tr	NNS	We 've found two varieties .
tr	NN	Theresa felt a cold knot ratcheting down in the small of her back .
tr	NNS	He gave me a thumbs up and looked about to speak when a pair of hands encircled his head .
tr	NN	She grabbed her backpack and left our room .
tr	NNS	In the weeks and months that followed , his mind played crazy tricks on him .
tr	NNS	It took four helpers to carry him out of the village for the path .
tr	NNS	She curled her fingernails into her palms .
tr	NN	You named your package ?
tr	NN	" Has the computer terminal been able to contact the energy ? "
tr	NNS	Over the years he 'd picked up various skills doing odd jobs .
tr	NNS	After seeing him schmooze at the fundraiser , I have no doubts he 's well-connected and well-informed .
tr	NN	I 'd packed a white summer outfit for just such an eventuality .
tr	NNS	Damn it , I should have trusted my instincts .
tr	NN	So I handed her my rod , which was lying abandoned off to the side .
tr	NN	I recognized the outfit . "
tr	NNS	Tomorrow Charlie would call DeVries and tell her about the list .
tr	NN	" You called the North Wind .
tr	NN	Slowly she tipped the rod until it was sideways .
tr	NNS	" I don 't take bribes . "
tr	NN	She might fall facedown before she ever ate .
tr	NNS	Anyway , I found a few bucks in cash , some car keys and a driver 's license .
tr	NN	The telepathy has a range .
tr	NN	Sam needed privacy to work his skills .
tr	NN	* * * Joey loved football .
tr	NNS	Then he had drawn several buckets of water from the well and had brought them back into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Actually , we have accidents of True Language a few times a year .
tr	NNS	I kicked off my sandals , while Peter hopped on one foot , tugging at a shoe .
tr	NNS	Davi couldn 't control his movements .
tr	NNS	Patriotic citizens regularly sent supplies and homemade comforts to support the military and all the military was doing .
tr	NNS	" You found contacts ? "
tr	NNS	Blinking back her tears , Kadie drew the covers over Brittany .
tr	NN	She held a toddler in her arms -- a little boy , maybe two years old .
tr	NNS	Wondering the metal halls of our floating home .
tr	NNS	actually run backwards , so we are rather a few minutes early . . "
tr	NN	I had an urge to blow bubbles .
tr	NN	Bring that other comforter with you . "
tr	NN	With the androids , I opened up a chasm in the ground , sending them down into the earth .
tr	NNS	It throws up scenarios that run not just against the grain but against all that is fair or just .
tr	NN	She dropped the burger .
tr	NN	I was either crossing the palace threshold under my own power or I wasn 't going .
tr	NNS	He has offices uptown and also at the hospital . "
tr	NN	It had a reputation for extreme subterfuge , and people would believe that it was planning a secret retreat .
tr	NNS	Leaning back a little , he pressed his palms against the rock to hold himself up .
tr	NNS	On others , we 'd ride our bikes down by the creek to catch tadpoles .
tr	NN	Theo couldn 't see a record player , which made him feel uncomfortable again .
tr	NNS	The ibis are dismantling their ships to build them . "
tr	NNS	And then another snippet , from a different time and place : Has the reward you posted for information on the shooting turned up any leads ?
tr	NN	Before she could allow herself to think on this too much , she checked her own file .
tr	NNS	" He took your cameras , and your laptop , thinking that he 'd gotten rid of any evidence .
tr	NN	Now I 'll just get my nurse to make the appointments for you . '
tr	NN	" How did you make the transition ? "
tr	NN	Her inexperience with relationships would give him leverage .
tr	NNS	Henrietta had several coffees to make , but she wasn 't moving .
tr	NN	Inside the bag his dress blues , the dress uniform of the Parachute Regiment .
tr	NNS	Gleaming from its transparent interior were ever changing reflections .
tr	NN	Why couldn 't they just send the witch with you ?
tr	NNS	Lame clothes , not enough money , unfortunate physique or skin issues ... the usual .
tr	NNS	And if you try to track him I ' l fry your brains . "
tr	NNS	I force my fingernails into my palms .
tr	NNS	Where offense is greatest , child , there fire refines hearts and mercy proves finest .
tr	NNS	The goblin squared his overalls , and leaned against his work bench , " Pardon Guv 'n or , but my hands ain 't clean . "
tr	NNS	He stepped a few paces behind the ball to line up .
tr	NN	Without another word Ian gathered up the shovel and pick from the floor as Connor moved toward the bones .
tr	NN	" I 'm following a hunch . "
tr	NN	Regan returned the favor .
tr	NN	The smell of fresh coffee soon filled the small bungalow , awakening an old need in me , an old craving .
tr	NNS	I saw two uniformed paramedics standing toward the back of the crowd .
tr	NNS	You didn 't even have the balls to kidnap from your own people ! "
tr	NN	How else would I get all twelve of them in one place outside of their secret meetings ?
tr	NNS	Danny put a few more dishes onto Juanita 's stack , then bent down and folded the plaid blanket , turning to us .
tr	NN	I give her a tight squeeze .
tr	NNS	" We plan weddings .
tr	NNS	They could not help their actions .
tr	NNS	Now , she had her doubts .
tr	NNS	But Savannah had a few tricks up her sleeve ; after all , she was considered one of the world 's leading magicians .
tr	NN	" Despite evidence to the contrary - " he looked at Ava , and she rolled her eyes " - we do not abide lust . "
tr	NN	He gave Elena a slight squeeze , thinking , other , much , much more important things .
tr	NNS	She counted cards at casinos and had been shot with a gun before .
tr	NNS	They had elephant rides for zoo members and Aunt Syl was so excited to let me experience something so exotic .
tr	NNS	" We were running some errands nearby and thought we 'd see if we could catch you two .
tr	NNS	" Maybe you could fool some space station dwellers who hadn 't seen any of your so-called ' genetic deviants ' , but I know better .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want apologies , Sebastian .
tr	NN	Cory noticed a waver in his voice .
tr	NNS	Plus , I just have better skills than you do . "
tr	NNS	" I have paranormal abilities and I used them to guide me .
tr	NN	" She brought a bribe . "
tr	NNS	Thank God I didn 't mention all our failed pranks this past year .
tr	NNS	The CO fingered the forms on his desk .
tr	NNS	Alfie kicked his slippers off , threw his dressing gown on the floor and climbed back in to bed .
tr	NN	I was taking the covering off the display when a fat guy with a green dragon perched on one shoulder ogled me with a knowing grin .
tr	NN	You did not give the correct code !
tr	NNS	I used the remote to turn on the 3-D and pressed the buttons on the machine to make us two coffees .
tr	NN	She had such a powerful effect on him that he would have been alarmed if he hadn 't been so excited .
tr	NN	No words could do justice to how he felt about this woman who was not only his love , but also his best friend .
tr	NN	Taking a deep breath , she opened the tailgate and shoved the dolly over the ramp .
tr	NNS	She missed the crowds and the smells and the anonymity .
tr	NN	MW had missed Will 's smirk and had called after him : " But , when you 're done , I 'll take three sugars . "
tr	NN	You want my granddaughter to think she 's unwanted ?
tr	NN	And then we say a prayer for your mommy and sister , too .
tr	NNS	" Keep it down Paul , I 've got your coffees . "
tr	NN	He gave the command , and even as he felt her heart flutter , he pressed her mouth to his throat .
tr	NNS	Within half an hour , he 'd found eleven , roaming the streets like hungry lions searching for gimpy prey .
tr	NNS	I was chopping vegetables for lunch when my phone rang .
tr	NNS	Lydia had visions of confronting Monica .
tr	NN	Finally , she caught a glimpse of something out front .
tr	NNS	Fin took the reins of his horse and brought them to a low-lying bow of a tree .
tr	NNS	She opened the covers and began reading once again .
tr	NNS	I can offer my scientists to help you find a cure for the disease .
tr	NNS	He pitched his best arguments for reunification .
tr	NN	' I underestimated the local temporal effect .
tr	NN	Now I 'd like your input .
tr	NN	Jake related the abbreviated version of the story , and Ironside listened intently .
tr	NNS	He administered methodical , forceful slaps to her face , alternating sides until a haze of pain enveloped her .
tr	NN	He has always had that often irritating logic to him .
tr	NNS	He saw again the hideous servants of that fire , as they came howling and gnashing their teeth into the communion of the light .
tr	NN	He found the fury inside him that strained against him for release retreating to ease itself .
tr	NNS	She blinked her long eyelashes at him .
tr	NN	She jerked the apron from her waist and threw it on the floor .
tr	NNS	While she added other herbs and ingredients , several other women lit aromatic candles .
tr	NNS	Still , the boy had skills that were learned , not inherited .
tr	NN	At least I had a saddle this time .
tr	NN	" Because , you will all be attending Kiran 's birthday celebration and I just wanted to be clear on where we stood . "
tr	NNS	The author retains all rights , and no part of this work may be reproduced without prior permission , apart from fair quote usage by reviewers .
tr	NN	The rusty springs protest .
tr	NNS	" The shapeshifters have some old scrolls about dragons .
tr	NN	I 'd read an article in Cosmopolitan that said the way to seduce a guy was to show him your tongue .
tr	NNS	" How kind of you to notice , " said Tess dryly .
tr	NNS	Take three deep breaths , and then you 'll wonder where you heard that people only breathe in air . "
tr	NN	He made a slight adjustment for the wind .
tr	NN	Abigail still wore red imperial gown , looking stunning as the night before .
tr	NNS	I want the dates you haven 't yet planned , the moments you 've yet to experience .
tr	NN	" Dolores Oaks , you have a class three power supply leak .
tr	NNS	He kissed the fading marks around her neck .
tr	NNS	" The enhancement formula causes some major personality changes .
tr	NNS	This Rabbi 's fresh approach and gentle , yet , strong voice touched the hearts of his listeners deeply , and rekindled hope within them .
tr	NN	Leif was giving himself a manicure , man style .
tr	NN	Even her younger brothers had escaped her fate .
tr	NN	Zeke tapped the railing and turned to go .
tr	NN	They had privacy and a generous supply of condoms .
tr	NNS	Cautiously she opened her senses again , testing .
tr	NN	" What the devil are you wearing ? "
tr	NNS	She was wearing a blue sundress and had a smile of pure joy on her face .
tr	NN	He was even whistling a tune as he drove the carriage through the streets .
tr	NNS	She read two more pages , struggling with some of the words , having an easy time with others .
tr	NNS	' Take the deer and go away .
tr	NNS	We 'd be walking targets . "
tr	NN	Javier started swearing at her in Spanish .
tr	NN	" No , he took his vengeance . "
tr	NN	They mean no harm .
tr	NNS	" All right , " said Rivers once we reached the street .
tr	NNS	The heat emanating from his large hand seeped through the light sundress she wore , nearly scorching her skin .
tr	NN	Why doesn 't he carry a briefcase ?
tr	NN	His tone is reaching a crescendo and his body stiffens .
tr	NNS	" Warrior , tactical assessment , " Valerie requests stiffly .
tr	NN	We may have a long engagement if you should wish .
tr	NN	He shoved the little prick back to his friends .
tr	NN	Diego had heard that phrase often enough to know what it meant .
tr	NNS	But the emperor , in his divine wisdom , did not heed the old tales .
tr	NNS	We talked cattle , fishing and hunting , and cattle .
tr	NN	Heard the growl of a motorcycle .
tr	NNS	" You brought home these tales to Tessa ? "
tr	NN	Clary , inexplicably furious , dropped her backpack on the floor and followed Jace to the refrigerator .
tr	NNS	" You can 't take your boxers off . "
tr	NNS	He separated her tender folds , and took her into his mouth , all the while watching her .
tr	NNS	" You frequent ... parlour houses . "
tr	NNS	Her mother rolled back a few inches to take a good look at her .
tr	NN	Just as most magical creatures cannot enter the yard back at the house , Hugo cannot enter this grove .
tr	NNS	She still wore the same leathers as when she arrived , though it looked like she 'd used the neighboring bathroom to shower .
tr	NNS	Megan drew the drapes back to let the light shine in .
tr	NN	Alex clutched the basket in her arms as if hiding behind it and adamantly shook her head no .
tr	NN	He has no respect for women or their marital state .
tr	NNS	You have the reports from Skyler Base to corroborate them .
tr	NN	They had cut off his horn .
tr	NNS	As I spoke , images of each of them filled the mirrors around me .
tr	NNS	" Don 't go breaking hearts . "
tr	NN	About a week ago Atticus and I had left port .
tr	NNS	" I 'll monitor their patrol routes before planning the attack .
tr	NNS	I 've written the directions on the front .
tr	NN	" Relax , " Jake said the command gently , stroking her hair .
tr	NNS	I fluttered my Chinese-made eyelashes at him .
tr	NN	I mean , who would want her only granddaughter to go to school where a student had gotten her throat cut ?
tr	NNS	' We need some coats .
tr	NNS	Gem had installed batteries in the flashes and the walkies while I drove .
tr	NNS	She could have a few beers and socialize instead of sinking into a black depression alone , regarding a man who was not meant for her .
tr	NNS	" And I have all sorts of rewards in mind .
tr	NNS	During all this time however , Reggio maintained its Greek customs and language .
tr	NNS	Silver moonlight from the surface silhouetted their dark forms as they kicked and pawed their way downward .
tr	NNS	Tears running down his face as he 'd watched a life-altering sunset turn the skeletal ruins of the Portland skyline from rust to bronze .
tr	NN	A wind picked up the hem of her robe ; it chilled her .
tr	NN	I suspected an error in manufacturing .
tr	NN	" I 've actually booked a trap range for a couple of hours .
tr	NNS	' Princess , ' the Third bowed and dropped the dishes he was carrying on to the floor with a crash .
tr	NNS	For the time being he chose rudeness over honesty .
tr	NN	I 've always had this effect on women and even though I look the worst I 've ever appeared , apparently women still want me .
tr	NNS	Why couldn 't I do fire spells ?
tr	NN	" This is my last bonus check , " said a worker named John .
tr	NN	" So give me some credit . "
tr	NNS	I can feel the butterflies returning to my stomach as I offer a silent prayer up that everything will go as well as the first .
tr	NN	She untied the golden ribbon and placed her shaky hands over the center seam .
tr	NN	I 'll open the protective glass visor encasing this particular cart and Cindy and I will drop down onto the rocket . "
tr	NN	I didn 't expect so much suction ! "
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples .
tr	NN	Incentives were making the transition even easier .
tr	NNS	I hate hospitals almost as much as I hate blood . "
tr	NN	She ties the sash of her satin robe , and rests her arms against the wooden railing .
tr	NN	" You give her more credit than I do Jules . "
tr	NNS	Or they were shocked senseless by this show of team spirit from him .
tr	NNS	Nicolas used the huge chunks of ice against it , hastily building ice dams several feet thick , staying the water from filling the tunnel .
tr	NN	Beyond it , he spotted the small alcove that connected this carriage with the baggage coach .
tr	NNS	I checked out the houses in the school and they are all named as Egyptian gods . "
tr	NNS	" Yeah , and more numbers . "
tr	NNS	Her mother wore a soft cotton sundress of blue and purple violets on a white background and a pair of gold sandals on her feet .
tr	NN	Romulus stared dumbstruck at the king of spades card . "
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the windows of that apartment had the blinds drawn .
tr	NNS	Our hurried research has shown all the red planets to be Earth franchises .
tr	NN	Tolland pressed the numeric code to play any internal voice mail messages they 'd left for him .
tr	NN	" You Captain McManus ' whore now ? "
tr	NN	He put the bowls on the table and sat down .
tr	NN	I could feel the suction at my back growing stronger .
tr	NNS	Then he bridges the few inches between us and his lips brush mine quickly before he pulls away and follows the guard out of the cell .
tr	NNS	She had offended many members of court in doing so , not the least of them Madame .
tr	NN	He didn 't expect a major 's uniform .
tr	NN	He was given the responsibility of watching over the other youngsters by Keaton .
tr	NNS	Mama wants us to run , " Lauren told her sisters .
tr	NN	Ellis plugged the charger into the test pack and did a last-minute check of its power before implantation .
tr	NNS	I would receive life-threatening stares from him and his crew but I did not care .
tr	NNS	Martin racked his brains for the names of some more countries .
tr	NN	A few feet away lay a revolver , still smoking in the cold .
tr	NN	Connor asked , a smirk on his face .
tr	NNS	She took several calming breaths while the phone rang , but started to cry again when her mother picked up .
tr	NN	She had caused the entire valley to light up with her feelings .
tr	NN	It couldn 't hold a candle to the new beach homes , so full of luxury and beauty .
tr	NN	I place the hair clip in the pocket of my jeans and head back out the door , locking up my home for the very last time .
tr	NNS	Maxine the housekeeper left torches when she brought food .
tr	NNS	" Oh gods . "
tr	NN	" You have a visitor .
tr	NN	He grabbed his briefcase and headed out the door into the dwindling heat of the day .
tr	NN	And then , stone by stone , it illuminated the great shrine until it passed through the flying arches at its feet .
tr	NN	" Once you stop the bleeding . "
tr	NNS	The air conditioning was squealing its complaints .
tr	NNS	He heard the hiss of the extinguishers .
tr	NN	A tendril of apprehension crept down her spine .
tr	NNS	I thought Lisa 's jokes bordered on redneck territory . "
tr	NNS	Winston stumbled backwards , nearly falling over .
tr	NNS	When Francis suspected that his life was coming to a quick end , he made arrangements in his will for the future of his precious nieces . "
tr	NN	" Let 's watch the video again , so tomorrow morning , before leaving , we load it on Youtube . "
tr	NN	Any longer might rip the universe to pieces .
tr	NN	Ken made a groan .
tr	NNS	The waitress placed their meals on the table and departed .
tr	NN	Professor Lyall gave a small huff of amusement .
tr	NN	Will you read the document , or do I have to read it to you ? "
tr	NNS	" I 've got connections around town , Walt , and the people who owe me and keep me out of the dark . "
tr	NN	She 'd chosen a simple country blacksmith instead and lived on this remote farmstead .
tr	NNS	Now that I 'm inside and not focused on the shopping , I feel the numbness . "
tr	NNS	I don 't really have ties anywhere anymore .
tr	NN	I had somehow identified bird watching as being associated with this fantasy life , and hence my latent interest in birds .
tr	NN	Kelly eyed the doorknob .
tr	NN	Furthermore , although she wasn 't 18 on the paper , she made such a good impression that she easily got the job .
tr	NN	Being there , looking at the rocks that formed the steps covering the elliptical tomb , created a familiar pang in my stomach .
tr	NN	His tongue drew out more honey , circled her cl * t while she wailed and tried to buck against the hands holding her tightly .
tr	NN	You cannot beat sin .
tr	NNS	Her eyes sting thinking about those stabbed babies in Belgian .
tr	NN	I wanted a romantic proposal .
tr	NNS	" Where I come from , men wear power suits and ties or polo shirts and slacks . "
tr	NNS	They have these canoes , made of real wood .
tr	NN	Jordan gave a thumbs-up from the back of Nadia 's bike as she throttled her engine to a muffled roar .
tr	NN	Though mainly comic in nature , the tale still incorporated a sad narrative of adversity , loss , and finally triumph .
tr	NNS	" People keep relics to remind themselves how close they came to happiness .
tr	NN	He turned off the ignition and placed one hand on my knee .
tr	NNS	She pried her eyelashes apart .
tr	NN	" I never did you any harm . "
tr	NN	He had traveled the universe for years -- Argos , for an untold amount of time -- and they had found nothing .
tr	NN	Someone , or something , destroyed the star .
tr	NNS	They hadn 't launched any explosives .
tr	NN	Inside , Noah takes my backpack and sets it next to his on a bench .
tr	NN	And then yesterday , he 'd used the element of surprise to his advantage by crashing Belinda 's wedding .
tr	NN	Jam had no solace left to hide in .
tr	NNS	Henry transported his clients and closed the gate behind him .
tr	NNS	The Sheriff receives regular shipments from the army .
tr	NNS	Behind Monk , Konstantin lifted two pine boards from the floor .
tr	NN	He shooed the obscenely scarlet butterfly away .
tr	NNS	Staring into the fireplace , he took slow , deep breaths in an effort to rein in his lust .
tr	NNS	I slapped the mattress , my still raw hand searing after .
tr	NN	He steals the electricity .
tr	NNS	Echo 's grandfather had joined the efforts , filling the ears of anyone willing to listen of how the elves had always been kind and helpful .
tr	NN	They were given a puzzle to figure out .
tr	NNS	Instead of the usual shorts and sandals , everyone wore suits and fancy flowing dresses , shiny shoes and expressions of aristocracy .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , me and my girlfriends play cards twice a week at Shirley 's place . "
tr	NNS	They were all just sitting ducks illuminated by the raging , night fires .
tr	NN	She just had that effect .
tr	NNS	But I noticed several scientists with their heads together , whispering .
tr	NN	A moment later , Jeff lost consciousness .
tr	NN	Kara now had a huge walk-in closet filled with expensive designer clothing , most of which she would probably never wear .
tr	NNS	" You got the hots for me , or not ? "
tr	NNS	His hands grazed her inner thighs as he straightened up behind her .
tr	NN	The lead mare , the gray , turned and gave a snort and trotted away from the gate and into the tall grass .
tr	NN	How could he possibly know every police department heard nothing ? "
tr	NN	He fixed the dishwasher .
tr	NNS	You bet your moral compass it is .
tr	NN	He wore a night gown and blinked his eyes as if he 'd just woke .
tr	NNS	She 'd take dual roads .
tr	NNS	And maybe I was feeling extra fragile .
tr	NN	He sure gave me that impression anyway . "
tr	NN	Walking authoritatively toward Albert , the officer said , " Sir , may I see your passport ?
tr	NN	She wrapped a towel around her body and pressed her ear against the door .
tr	NN	He gave her other breast equal measure , lapping the tip with his rough tongue and then suckling it into his mouth .
tr	NN	After waiting for what felt like forever for my bag , I finally left the airport and walked out into Florida 's warm December air .
tr	NNS	I tell my sisters I 'm letting Nicole stay for the night .
tr	NNS	The old man 's words put the crowds around us in a trance , and they started shouting at us .
tr	NNS	If she called the security police to have them check , it would mean reports and explanations , the very thing she wanted to avoid .
tr	NNS	Joseph took some coins from his pocket and handed them to George .
tr	NNS	Right before I drove my teeth into Cade 's throat , I heard the angry hiss of Bo 's breath through his teeth .
tr	NNS	Then simultaneously , they fired the missiles .
tr	NN	My momentum pulled the whip and his arm between his own legs , leaving him off balance .
tr	NN	I would have no recourse . "
tr	NNS	She appreciated his attempts at conversation .
tr	NNS	" I do realize the repercussions if you declare your love for me .
tr	NNS	Glory 's heart kicked her ribs .
tr	NNS	When the egg hatches , the baby cuckoo pushes the other baby birds out of the nest .
tr	NNS	I said basic prayers and asked for the things I always did .
tr	NNS	They were attacking human students in the hallways , in the classrooms .
tr	NN	We can call a truce . "
tr	NN	" Eat your pudding first .
tr	NNS	He mirrored her slow movements , always watching , always assessing .
tr	NNS	Xavier has replaced at least three Seekers since we have been looking for you .
tr	NN	His other hand grabbed my hip , holding me steady , as his fingers delved into my sensitive space .
tr	NNS	True , I might drink the dregs could I find them , but spirits no longer reigned over me .
tr	NNS	We 'd be sitting ducks . "
tr	NNS	One , I believe by High King t ' Weis , specifically deals with the courtesies appropriate to the exiled sons . "
tr	NNS	Not since I turned seventy winters . "
tr	NN	" Then I saw a pigeon and thought to point it out .
tr	NN	Emerging to my shoulders , I let the water flow over my head and down my face .
tr	NNS	They lightened our hearts and freed our spirits .
tr	NNS	He typed the ten numbers in rapid succession .
tr	NNS	I should tour the work sites and see how they are organizing the cutting teams .
tr	NNS	" Don 't trouble yourselves .
tr	NNS	By now , he and Gwen had fallen twenty paces to the rear of the company .
tr	NN	Aunt Carla lifted a soda in toast from her towel under a beach umbrella .
tr	NNS	By the time the oven beeper went off an hour later , she 'd completed another five pages of the practice test .
tr	NNS	Tammie lifts the mattress completely , but there is nothing there .
tr	NNS	He closed all the drapes and switched on the lights .
tr	NNS	They placed their helmets on in unison .
tr	NN	Adolf drew his pistol and fired .
tr	NNS	Chris saw large stacks of lumber on pallets at the end of the dock , awaiting their voyage to who knew where .
tr	NN	I briefly describe the incident .
tr	NNS	But as she met his gaze , she recognized the same wariness in his expression that she felt in her heart .
tr	NN	Still watching me , she traced a fingertip down the center of her flesh-colored top .
tr	NNS	Dad filled our plates before bringing them to the table , " Yeah , small towns work a little differently . "
tr	NNS	I could already see his fangs starting to grow .
tr	NN	He had taken the man 's ID and left his body in an alley .
tr	NN	He lay there panting , a sheen of sweat on his forehead .
tr	NN	Frances was quickly losing patience .
tr	NN	I put my fork down and drained my wine glass .
tr	NNS	" He saw the sales numbers and got greedy .
tr	NN	It then cast a metallic golden sheen across the endless water .
tr	NNS	Still unsettled , I threw back my covers and headed downstairs .
tr	NN	Panic slithered up her spine , lodging itself in her throat .
tr	NNS	" I have balls , Vic ! "
tr	NNS	She rested her palms on his chest and felt the rapid beat of his heart .
tr	NNS	A few minutes later Jade came backstage .
tr	NNS	Every family I know for a hundred miles in every direction has four or five generations living in one room under one roof . "
tr	NNS	And she saw on the lovely white sheets three drops of red .
tr	NNS	It 's probably got more wires than a switchboard .
tr	NN	An ashen faced man , name tag identifying him as Sam came in and quietly slid the door to until it clicked .
tr	NNS	" To follow our hearts ?
tr	NNS	How dare she dismiss so easily his centuries of service , his fight against the darkness rising like a monster every day of his life .
tr	NN	She swallowed the blueberry muffin that was suddenly caught in her throat .
tr	NN	He hacked at the knee no more than six times , the man groaning in agony , before it finally severed and fell to the ground .
tr	NN	He studied the clip for a second .
tr	NN	Did Daniel know what Armand truly feared ?
tr	NNS	And for now , screw Cass .
tr	NNS	" Everyone put your helmets on and brace yourselves ! "
tr	NN	They share a nip of gin when the weather 's cold .
tr	NNS	" The abbess has many political connections among the noble families of Brittany . "
tr	NNS	Turn out your pockets ! "
tr	NNS	" I do not serve Eris nor do any that follow my rule ! "
tr	NNS	She should have some silk slippers to match the dress .
tr	NNS	How did they get those engines and weapons onto their bodies ?
tr	NN	This object lesson in the unity of international feeling immensely pleased the spectators .
tr	NN	He faked a pout .
tr	NNS	Her matching blue skirt hugs her firm thighs seductively with a hem that ends halfway from her knees .
tr	NN	On the word congress , Emeline dropped her fork .
tr	NN	The bus made its climb up the street and then turned right at the top .
tr	NNS	We 've just tucked the pies safely inside when the front door opens .
tr	NNS	Many of these unfortunate souls find abandoned buildings , out of the way alleys , or corners behind commercial trash containers to call home .
tr	NN	He poured the clear liquid within into a broad , shallow glass , and took it over to a thickly padded chair before broad windows .
tr	NN	She had a beautiful butt .
tr	NN	I was halfway to LAX , fighting traffic on the 105 Freeway , when a text message came through .
tr	NNS	Now as I stood there in the forest , I noticed little balls of light moving about .
tr	NNS	Jason patted his pockets .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you ever imagine worst-case scenarios ?
tr	NNS	Vad and Fane both raised their noses to sniff the air .
tr	NNS	" Have you noticed the statues and paintings ?
tr	NNS	Then they 've been modifying the phone operating systems to include a new crypto algorithm that we haven 't been able to break .
tr	NNS	As soon as the nurse had finished , Eloise pulled the covers over her legs .
tr	NN	" Why a collection ?
tr	NN	As if to prove her a liar , her stomach immediately released a protesting growl .
tr	NNS	" We 've had a few discussions about that , though , haven 't we , Carrie ? "
tr	NNS	The mood compromised trips with her and the rest .
tr	NN	We leap off the highway into an alley and keep running .
tr	NN	" Well met , sir knight .
tr	NNS	He brought two plates out to the family room and handed one to her , then led her over to the sofa to sit .
tr	NNS	Ian made excuses to stay away from her and it was killing her .
tr	NNS	Carefully watching the men shuffling toward him , Gideon coldly considered their deliberate movements .
tr	NN	Now , I consider a third option I have not weighed in a while .
tr	NN	Being the height that I was , I had sometimes developed a short attitude .
tr	NN	He trots down a stair and tips his head down so he can look at me .
tr	NN	Right before we graduated , his parents gave his two-year-old Mustang to his sixteen-year-old brother , who 'd wrecked his Jeep the weekend before .
tr	NNS	She makes standard rate payments . "
tr	NNS	Clearly Doug had his doubts .
tr	NN	She had heard his plea , and looked deep into his heart .
tr	NN	" I must ask of you an important favor and I will warn you that it will be one you won 't want to grant .
tr	NN	" Get her safely back to the States for me . "
tr	NN	" You exemplify the epitome of social grace .
tr	NN	You just destroyed a fortune , lady .
tr	NN	A splash of scarlet marked each star .
tr	NN	Through a painting . "
tr	NN	It formed a fierce halo around Bishop 's unkempt hair .
tr	NN	Halfway between the psychiatrist 's office and the bar , Dennis spotted a small internet café .
tr	NN	Rhyme felt the pain ripple through his shoulder as the bone popped back into place .
tr	NN	" How effective do you think the presentation was ? "
tr	NN	Kaden gave her a little salute .
tr	NN	I heard her suck in a groaning breath and utter my name .
tr	NN	She deliberately ignored the shaft of pain the thought caused , attributing it to hunger .
tr	NN	She half expected an argument .
tr	NNS	" Did you recognize the rituals he used ? "
tr	NN	There was nothing there except the steady , beaming swirl of the Tillamook Lighthouse doing her duty off shore .
tr	NN	With a mighty yell , he swung the rod and hit the tank , and then he dropped his staff .
tr	NN	She tasted faintly of sweet wine and delicacy .
tr	NN	I need a babysitter now ?
tr	NN	Ray put his pen down and approached Maddie , wrapping his arms around her .
tr	NN	I have a responsibility to think ahead and make sure that my work can 't cause harm .
tr	NN	I check the clock and see that it 's nearly six .
tr	NN	I heard her shout to others in the room and I could sense movement .
tr	NNS	She finished the dishes and thought she would check on him .
tr	NN	Or I 'll take copper .
tr	NNS	When Janet 's home insurance is due for renewal I check out the comparison sites for her and give her the most competitive quote .
tr	NNS	But he 's wasted his efforts on me .
tr	NNS	She spat obscenities at his back that he ignored .
tr	NN	I have already located a witch , and unless we deal with it , we will be remiss of our duties .
tr	NN	More , she had heard a rumor he had done the same with the prince of the Carpathians .
tr	NN	A couple of our neighbors are playing football , a family is cooking over a fire , and a few girls are sunbathing in bikinis .
tr	NN	He smiled , that faint twist of the lips .
tr	NN	Once left a cake at the front door .
tr	NNS	We have all sorts of brochures out front by the door .
tr	NN	Budda didn 't often order Blood Mama away , and the surprise of it left her at a loss for words .
tr	NN	" OK , I 've done my duty as a sister .
tr	NNS	They wanted courageous , good-hearted heroes to defeat the bad guys .
tr	NN	He stopped the cart and surveyed the grounds .
tr	NN	She hated the urge she had to duck her head just to avoid the power of that gaze .
tr	NN	Lifting her right hand , she touched her left nipple .
tr	NN	When I look at you , I just see garbage that needs to be tossed away . "
tr	NNS	I hovered close to her face , my lips inches from hers .
tr	NN	" I must either fall off the Death Path or be slaughtered by the Undead Guardian !
tr	NN	And I feel the goodness in each of you . "
tr	NN	He sipped his brew and took a moment to relish the warmth that swirled in his being .
tr	NN	" Oh , it might bear a resemblance to plastic , but it 's made from matter that fell from outer space .
tr	NN	Her memories had painted the landscape in jeweled tones , and she was delighted to see she hadn 't embroidered her recollections .
tr	NN	I got an e-mail asking the same question .
tr	NNS	Oh , and since I cooked , you can do the dishes . "
tr	NNS	Roar stood fifty paces away .
tr	NN	You should also have received a package from Mr. Treadwell .
tr	NNS	Instead , they used hand signals to communicate .
tr	NN	Nicholas took his revenge .
tr	NN	He felt no resentment , paying double for a dreadful economy seat .
tr	NNS	" Reverse engines ! "
tr	NN	We can have peanut butter and toast . "
tr	NN	Thanks to you , Rachel will have closure so she can finally rest in peace .
tr	NN	Then she caught a glimpse of the elongated point of the man 's ear when he flicked back a loose strand of hair and suddenly understood .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , Harper had given her directions to the Ivy House on Prospect Avenue .
tr	NNS	Trystan has eight bucks in his pocket .
tr	NN	Falling back on what I know , I seek out the obvious sanctuary of my day -- a Bessie .
tr	NNS	It will use its powers to call her out and to seduce her into accepting her destiny while she carries the rock .
tr	NN	We went down , a tangle of arms and legs .
tr	NNS	He has taken his master 's marks .
tr	NN	She doesn 't have very much patience , and in this situation I can 't blame her .
tr	NN	What instrument are you talking about ? ' '
tr	NNS	She threw the covers off in panic .
tr	NN	The shift in his demeanor and the way my entire first name is flowing from his mouth is causing the oxygen to deplete from the room .
tr	NN	Kait had a wild impulse to run .
tr	NN	If you 'll excuse me , I 'll go and supervise the packing . '
tr	NN	This required more consideration on her part .
tr	NN	At the top , Jim carefully and quietly pulls a locking bolt and slowly raises the metal door .
tr	NN	It had at least one horn .
tr	NN	She moaned the dread out loud .
tr	NNS	" Emmett , construction workers have filthy mouths .
tr	NNS	" We remember song lyrics . "
tr	NN	But I already made my fortune and now I 'm just killing time until I think up the next big thing ?
tr	NNS	Even in the pre-dawn light , Pia could identify the four smoke stacks of the titan .
tr	NN	Although his CO hadn 't said it , Riley had the impression his promotion might well hang in the balance .
tr	NNS	What if the white fudge is harming our families in ways she hasn 't told us ?
tr	NN	She watched the needle on her speedometer edge up to eighty-five .
tr	NN	His home had that effect .
tr	NN	The instant her other hand touched it , she felt a sensation like she was falling backwards through the chair .
tr	NNS	Carmel changed her uniforms right away and took her car keys again .
tr	NNS	She washed all the dishes she could find , leaving them to dry in the rack .
tr	NN	" Are there any good places south of the city ? "
tr	NN	We don 't use the technology at all . "
tr	NN	To let Cornell squander our estate ?
tr	NNS	The skunks smothered the last two dragons in stinky sleeping potion before they had a chance to escape .
tr	NNS	" They found a few cans of green beans and some spinach . "
tr	NN	" I didn 't order any pizza . "
tr	NN	He 'd also seen the Age of Legends .
tr	NNS	Cade didn 't have scales , but it was suddenly all I could picture covering our child and I shuddered at the thought .
tr	NN	Then he gave Lazarus Hannah 's steak so he wouldn 't have to eat alone .
tr	NN	She never imagined another landscape .
tr	NNS	It clouded the senses .
tr	NN	But I 'd bet my fortune he didn 't .
tr	NN	His visits to the burial chamber reinvigorated him though ; gave him a new lease on life .
tr	NNS	A quick search revealed two spare magazines of ammunition .
tr	NN	She was back a minute later , her face alight with playful suspicion .
tr	NNS	Mike hadn 't managed her expectations well , and he was sure he 'd done the same to Cara .
tr	NN	He twisted the knob but it was locked .
tr	NNS	' It suits my interests for you to not be with him . '
tr	NN	" How would you like a promotion ? "
tr	NNS	Sloane missed the tacky birds .
tr	NNS	No , he was covering his tracks .
tr	NN	I held up the marker and she smiled .
tr	NN	Zella dropped her backpack on one of the tables and kissed her mom 's cheek .
tr	NNS	" Use your powers . "
tr	NNS	The CWA , bless their hearts . '
tr	NN	" I have never seen a factory from inside . "
tr	NN	Warner catches the pillow as it hits his chest , staring at me like he 's never seen me before .
tr	NNS	They 'll keep dropping bombs until they 've got us all . "
tr	NNS	All we have to do is kill the Elders ' possible vessels . "
tr	NNS	Her horrified stare grilled into me like a sunburn and I very nearly turned around .
tr	NNS	It grabbed his ribs and squeezed , forcing his breath out in a loud " Ooooooh ! "
tr	NN	She put the towel on the sink and moved around him , looking him up and down .
tr	NNS	I rub my temples .
tr	NNS	I smelled whiskey and stale cigarettes on his breath .
tr	NN	He then summarized quickly their initial encounter with the black ships of the East .
tr	NNS	While Derek buys a bundle of wood and matches , I buy hot dogs and buns .
tr	NN	This one had apparently made an exception for Hon. The alien froze when it saw the pistol in my hand .
tr	NN	Alex tucks a strand of my hair out of my eyes .
tr	NN	" You should have more faith in yourself , Catherine .
tr	NNS	" It contains some board members who are , shall we say , alumni of that firm .
tr	NN	The buttons are intricately knotted ribbon .
tr	NN	Flaherty set down his fork and took the envelope .
tr	NNS	No wonder writers crafted tales of keeping captive princesses safe in ivory towers .
tr	NNS	Sobbing , I entered a dozen different passwords , but Ben had locked me out of the account .
tr	NN	Beth gave him a handful of feed and Bash held it out slowly to Flo , " Come and get it . "
tr	NNS	" Pull your tits out for me to see . "
tr	NN	More likely , King had his little battalion of mercenaries stationed just out of sight , over the ridge behind the deserted beach .
tr	NNS	You could probably set my sons straight .
tr	NNS	With some training she might even match his skills .
tr	NN	She saw water trickle from his mouth .
tr	NNS	" I 've also made arrangements for you to spend the night at one of the city 's finest hotels .
tr	NN	You give her grief but you love her .
tr	NN	But the eyes gazed blankly up at the sky .
tr	NN	He scuffed the toe of his white tennis shoe in the process .
tr	NNS	So I 'd misinterpreted Jacob 's motives last night .
tr	NN	She set the wriggling pup down on the ground where he promptly peed against the car wheel .
tr	NN	" You have a handful of men in a database at home to consider . "
tr	NNS	Aaron was washing dishes in the kitchen and didn 't look up as they went by .
tr	NN	No human alive has seen a troll .
tr	NN	Arriving thirty minutes later but with time to spare he found a diner and tried relaxing with a cup of tea .
tr	NNS	Chapter 3 Rachel paced the confines of the living room , the wait for Rusty to return an eternity .
tr	NNS	Fucking useless jackass ! "
tr	NNS	He could see dishes in the sink and a pizza box on the counter .
tr	NN	Please get my ID for me .
tr	NNS	" She 's handing out cards , wanting people to come in for some kind of medical testing .
tr	NN	" These young ones just don 't have any respect for their elders . "
tr	NN	" Someone grab that fire extinguisher ! "
tr	NNS	Jo watched her dogs back away and grimaced .
tr	NN	This book may contain some language and intimate situations .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't forget the wonders of that talented tongue .
tr	NN	In answer , the man connected a wire to a terminal .
tr	NNS	He was stroking the hairs of his chin .
tr	NN	Polonius wouldn 't dare advance much further south onto the open steppes in the face of a large army .
tr	NN	Like a bird 's wing . "
tr	NNS	" Minute circuits in these pressure pads record and send back information so the toes move just as real ones would . "
tr	NNS	" I just adore weddings . "
tr	NN	Mark opened the trunk of his mid-sized vehicle and winked at Nicole .
tr	NN	Isabella clutched the railing , relief making her knees weak .
tr	NNS	" Like you said , fairy tales . "
tr	NN	His aunt had made a roast , but Bottles knew better than to eat any of it .
tr	NNS	The simple device lacked the advanced circuits to register the difference between the correct key combination being pressed and the corresponding series of distinct notes .
tr	NNS	She read reports that the savings to the federal government on the printing costs for paper and coin money were several billion dollars annually .
tr	NN	However , juries don 't like diminished capacity much more than they like insanity , so we 'll need experts , eyewitnesses , and statistics . "
tr	NN	Before she could ask again , she felt a horrible burning sensation shooting through her veins .
tr	NN	I merely answered a prayer for assistance . "
tr	NN	" He has a hundred dragons more than he ought to , by any numbers .
tr	NN	Down the hall , in the opposite direction of the docks , a shout echoed out the stairwell ahead , a call to search every room .
tr	NN	She couldn 't control this newest aspect of her nature .
tr	NNS	Jacques could read the dangerous stillness in him .
tr	NNS	The launch landed on a muddy little beach near a modest inlet sheltering smaller vessels .
tr	NNS	She wore leather sandals with sensible soles .
tr	NNS	I measure my breaths , hoping it will pass , but the pain only seems to get stronger .
tr	NNS	" They 've already delivered the terms . "
tr	NNS	What 's left leaks out through the holes in my soul , those wispy bits that dissolve into the Nothingness .
tr	NNS	He selected the cameras in Monique 's suite , found her in the shower , and studied her appreciatively .
tr	NN	" Because most of you have used your talent at least once . "
tr	NN	But that gift she 'd been given demanded the respect of caution and care .
tr	NN	Before I stopped rolling , I heard the latch slam into place . "
tr	NNS	They sat for lunch and began passing dishes .
tr	NN	This tapestry formed an open volcano where a pool of lava stood out as the focal point .
tr	NNS	I waved off all the vendors with ease due to my armor .
tr	NNS	Then he hooked his thumbs in her panties , and she froze .
tr	NNS	I overheard grumbles as to this radical decree , but none dared say anything to my face .
tr	NN	Shocked gasps ripple through all three of them as she glances up and smiles .
tr	NN	Sam twirled a long strand of her hair around one finger .
tr	NNS	" You could give me directions , one road at a time . "
tr	NN	While his youth made him unpalatable , at least he had the proper equipment in his pants .
tr	NN	" You 've got nice , big hands for a woman , " he said , " Bet you could palm a basketball . "
tr	NN	He only had the dagger he carried at his belt .
tr	NNS	" He gives me the creeps . "
tr	NN	The moment I arrived , she threw a pillow at me .
tr	NN	The FBI has offered me a full pardon and an official apology regarding the Jackson Myers case . "
tr	NNS	The ship shudders as the phase drive powers up .
tr	NNS	You couldn 't walk down the aisles without tripping over them .
tr	NNS	In an instant , the hungry swath of fire had obliterated the blue and pink marks , the ones I 'd walked over a thousand times before .
tr	NN	" You have a bat ? "
tr	NNS	Guilds , which had members in all the kingdoms , built their chief guild halls in the town so that disputes could be settled fairly .
tr	NN	" The march south should effectively lift Kiev 's siege , but I anticipate terrible danger for those foolish enough to go along .
tr	NN	" So you admit responsibility ? "
tr	NN	Her blood resisted the vampire 's lure , their hypnotic suggestions .
tr	NN	The man behind her took a rope out of his pocket and tied her hands behind her back .
tr	NN	She 's got this whole vampire combative attitude going , but I didn 't mean her , either . "
tr	NNS	He had his dogs smell Sheridan 's car to pick up her scent , then ordered them to find her .
tr	NN	What the devil am I doing ? "
tr	NN	Lamar handed him a package wrapped in brown paper .
tr	NNS	I 'm against any religious school , " he stated passionately .
tr	NN	Kaylee included her mysterious savior , as well .
tr	NNS	10 Logan Too Hot to Handle The next night , Emma has my olfactory senses , praising her culinary skills .
tr	NN	Carol considered her son 's argument for less than two seconds .
tr	NNS	We uncover strange markings on its outer shell .
tr	NNS	I concentrated the elements to go to my dad for a long time .
tr	NN	Half of piracy involved bloodshed and destruction .
tr	NNS	When the moons of the night sky no longer walk the heavens .
tr	NNS	I know Jess ; it 's so difficult loving a guy and yet not gelling on the important things .
tr	NNS	Because now I will be getting seating arrangements and table cloth patterns via text every night .
tr	NN	" Including his own welfare ? "
tr	NN	Even small bows had a greater range than mages did .
tr	NN	I remembered the dryness in my dream .
tr	NN	Refusing to be spooked , I stalked to the porch , rubbed the towel over my body , and stepped into my jeans .
tr	NNS	" Your father is giving you millions of reasons to push your plans forward .
tr	NNS	Our sons shall bend the pillars of rock into arches . "
tr	NNS	He has past the healing powers of young Jol now . "
tr	NN	" I want you to aim for the center of it and will the laser to fire with your mind . "
tr	NNS	Lightning struck my senses again as he moved his lips against mine , but this time I was prepared for it .
tr	NN	That key had opened the playroom 's hidden trap door down to the caves .
tr	NN	Liam noted the judicious avoidance of Lorelei 's name .
tr	NN	In spite of the old woman 's invitation , Gideon felt the threshold 's resistance as he stepped across it .
tr	NN	" You imagined a five-year-old talking your ears off ? "
tr	NN	He put the rope in his mouth and ground his teeth into it .
tr	NN	Many of the chambers on the upper floors didn 't even have furniture in them .
tr	NN	He touched the faded rune at his throat .
tr	NNS	" So what classes do I have with you ? "
tr	NN	" Like the dictionary ? "
tr	NNS	I have my suspicions about how those Federation ships found us . "
tr	NN	You must have faith in me and trust when I tell you that I have never forgotten you .
tr	NNS	Something cold and sharp presses up against my neck .
tr	NN	" It will offer some protection . "
tr	NN	A half fallen chain link fence surrounded a decaying wood structure .
tr	NNS	The police didn 't have the skills to take on such creatures .
tr	NNS	I carried the packs down to the front door and set them down .
tr	NNS	Go get yourselves some lunch , if you haven 't already .
tr	NNS	He took the reins from her .
tr	NNS	I also wore my golden tinted leather sandals .
tr	NNS	He shifted his thighs beneath her , letting her feel exactly how ready he was to make her dreams come true .
tr	NN	With another storm due to hit after midnight , Lindahl had set a timetable for detonation as early as nightfall .
tr	NNS	She tasted fierceness in him , the rage and fear he 'd been holding back .
tr	NNS	Was he keeping tabs on her ?
tr	NNS	Caller ID left no surprises anymore .
tr	NN	" Oh , I would never have missed that goal .
tr	NNS	A whole candle , propelled out of the wreckage at a freak velocity , was driven several inches into a door .
tr	NN	But she could concede leadership in the hunt for vampires to Lucian .
tr	NN	Mamma set the vase back in its spot on the tiny , wooden table before replying .
tr	NNS	No one made any silly remarks or tried to be funny .
tr	NN	Because you are also human and still in the human plane , you will experience the thirst in a more severe or sensitive way . "
tr	NNS	" Nice wheels . "
tr	NNS	" But , but -- " " Taking our chances with him was preferable to trundling through the desert , trust me on that .
tr	NNS	Her father had national aspirations , and they had only delayed the big move until they had seen Leigh happily married .
tr	NNS	We 'll have different expectations in a partnership . "
tr	NNS	Bates ' insane but ingenious plan would kill two birds with one stone , protect his investments and take out the governor . "
tr	NN	Gretchen closed the refrigerator .
tr	NN	He rushed around the bench and came to stand behind her .
tr	NNS	As the others played with an apparent strategy , Peter put down his cards at random .
tr	NNS	And we urge the camera crews to keep the robots out of frame as much as possible . "
tr	NNS	A crisp wind blew a few stray golden hairs up off his forehead .
tr	NN	" You 're making an argument for falling in love twice , but I 'm not supposed to fall in love with you . "
tr	NNS	Most of the babies I 'd delivered never knew their fathers .
tr	NNS	I can study small samples , and mix a few things together .
tr	NNS	" You have your own skills . "
tr	NN	Corinne had faith in herself and her judgment .
tr	NN	We rode the cart for a while and then hopped off when the road forked .
tr	NNS	Steve had taken five dollars to buy gas for his car so he could get to work the next day .
tr	NNS	I drew hearts on the bottom of her feet and sat back to admire her .
tr	NNS	He paid his few cents , exchanged pleasantries with Pearl , grabbed a cookie , then left .
tr	NN	They set a trap , a good one .
tr	NN	And they walked over , slightly apart , The Big Man just far enough away that McBride wouldn 't be able to snatch the gun .
tr	NNS	" Well , this is Myrtle Beach so why don 't we get our suits and hit the beach for the day ? "
tr	NNS	I don 't see folks crying . "
tr	NN	We need some more fish . "
tr	NN	I had no sooner opened the first file when I heard a loud knock on my front door .
tr	NN	It sounds childish , but that 's how I felt . "
tr	NN	Even though I can taste bile in the back of my mouth , I have no trouble answering .
tr	NN	Then I watched his lip curl .
tr	NN	If I stole the knife from Steve and gave it to Jakob , I could be putting a nail in my own coffin .
tr	NNS	" I wouldn 't take any chances . "
tr	NN	She clutched her open blouse together and raised her head .
tr	NN	She dropped the pistol , set Tristan on his feet .
tr	NN	She felt a pang , as she always did when she remembered sitting those last days with her stepdad in the hospital .
tr	NNS	" Did you find any other treasures hidden away on my walls ? "
tr	NN	I walk on the beach , the sea touches my feet , I have a swimsuit and a diaper under it .
tr	NN	He tried not to harbor such extreme ill will against a woman , but in Sheila 's case , he would make an exception .
tr	NN	Painter recognized the impossible task before him .
tr	NNS	He was taking no chances .
tr	NNS	When I open my eyes , he 's pulling down the covers on his neatly made bed .
tr	NN	Said the waiter , scaring me .
tr	NN	He gave her a pen .
tr	NN	' Search me , ' said the oh god , who 'd backed away hurriedly .
tr	NN	He swallowed a mouthful of coffee and swore .
tr	NN	" Like the pub . "
tr	NN	I returned the gesture , wanting to be brave , too .
tr	NN	Cole lifts the pistol and fires off a shot .
tr	NN	" Did you see the design he came up with yesterday ? "
tr	NN	He had given him only one command and he had already botched it beyond recognition .
tr	NN	' The software has real substance and the data streams can be so dense you can literally stand on them .
tr	NNS	I can 't take any chances . "
tr	NNS	The footsteps got nearer .
tr	NNS	She saw her nipples , as red as berries ; then his mouth closed over one , and her eyes closed as her head fell back .
tr	NNS	He didn 't like complications .
tr	NN	" I so need a cocktail .
tr	NN	He pulled out a file with my name on it and placed it neatly on the desk .
tr	NNS	A robust woman with a friendly smile brought out two plates that had been warming in the oven .
tr	NN	I held the receiver to my ear and took a breath before the message played : Hey , Mallory .
tr	NNS	Ed sees the markings on the man 's chest , confirming what he already knew .
tr	NNS	He broke connections abruptly , which was probably just as well .
tr	NN	" Does this mean worse punishment or less ? "
tr	NNS	The boy put his palms over his mouth , but it was too late .
tr	NN	She just gave a halfhearted shrug and went back to drawing faces in her notebook .
tr	NNS	I was so busy holding them , I never noticed the emptiness in my hands . "
tr	NNS	Dante fires away and doesn ´ t stop .
tr	NN	I upset on the table the content of the shopping basket and I took the inventory of that that I had purchased .
tr	NNS	Not when only items from the " Pro " column seemed to be jumping up and making themselves known .
tr	NN	The wooden rod stroked her jawline .
tr	NN	Any other time , he might have fought the urge .
tr	NNS	Buck patted the pistol inches from our heads .
tr	NNS	He probed her knuckles and fingers .
tr	NN	" You have proof of nothing .
tr	NN	I wipe away messy mascara with the back of my hand as I navigate the little car past the first curve .
tr	NN	Taking a deep breath , I tightened my light wrap around me before striding out of the room .
tr	NNS	He found the tapes secured in an aft compartment .
tr	NNS	' All right ... but you don 't have any objections to hurting me on occasion . '
tr	NN	We spotted a red fox , which Bull looked up in his Animals of Yosemite book .
tr	NN	" Now cut the ' sir ' crap and just tell me where the hell you 've been . "
tr	NN	Steven had protested the bold red tablecloth , saying it was too bright for the other decorations .
tr	NN	She could hear the fish jumping every now and then .
tr	NN	I felt my spine stiffen .
tr	NN	I jerk my dagger from the thigh-high boot and then hurl at the snake .
tr	NNS	Then , when it was safe , we 'd sell the items to someone who wouldn 't ask too many questions about where they 'd come from .
tr	NN	Getting up , I grabbed my black silk wrap and put it on before raising the walls around my hut .
tr	NNS	" When you get out of the snow , " he instructed , " just cut the bindings .
tr	NNS	When I was a sapling we had winters - " Then the tree vanished .
tr	NNS	" I 've never even seen Cats . "
tr	NN	Most of the horses were eating their hay , some were dozing , none seemed disturbed by the activity .
tr	NN	" I really don 't give a fuck about you , and I really don 't have to listen to you . "
tr	NNS	We 'll be starting intensive classes when we get back .
tr	NN	I mixed this soil and shit together with a shovel , and spread it out evenly again .
tr	NNS	A few days later , Celaena turned the crisp yellow pages of a heavy tome , squirming in her seat .
tr	NNS	At 97 years of age , he had no illusions ; he didn 't even know why he still existed .
tr	NN	I need advice . "
tr	NNS	The nurse held out the long , white stockings .
tr	NN	She took pity on these men and the occasional female .
tr	NNS	" But mine have stripes on them .
tr	NNS	" I see marks like claws there . "
tr	NNS	Even Veronica and Candy had turned their slur campaigns toward their prom court competition instead of me .
tr	NN	" So did you join their coven ? "
tr	NNS	She remembered the horseback rides and making love , the dinners with his mom .
tr	NN	I glanced over the steel railing and spotted a handful of pedestrians far below , going about their daily business .
tr	NN	In the Gnostic myths she creates the god of the Old Testament , Yahweh , almost by accident .
tr	NNS	Ted crossed the final few yards in an instant , but so did the dogs .
tr	NN	Not to cut the reunion short , but we need you to watch these two carts . "
tr	NNS	The Skinny Ben fiasco had cost them millions , instead of generating another fortune .
tr	NNS	' Oh , it cuts tiny bits of the air in half .
tr	NNS	Women butchered and murdered , innocents , children .
tr	NNS	I never had pets , either . "
tr	NN	The beans might be gassy for some , but believe me , I was doing her and everyone else a big favor .
tr	NN	- Crack open the bubbly and admire the view from the highest floor in the world .
tr	NNS	I do not want your senses dulled .
tr	NNS	Filled its pages with revelations .
tr	NNS	" To discuss the terms of our fealty to the Fallen One ? "
tr	NN	" You sneaked a butt squeeze past me .
tr	NN	" It shows her sorrow .
tr	NN	She sounded contrite , which made it even more difficult to hold what she 'd done against her .
tr	NNS	" And one of Hale Industries ' biggest competitors .
tr	NN	He resisted the instinctive urge to smell the stuff .
tr	NNS	" I had my doubts , Mercy , but you 've done an excellent job . "
tr	NN	I gave the phone a quick glare , wincing .
tr	NN	Jane held the laundry basket in front of her like a shield .
tr	NN	From his current vantage point he could see the wall clock - 3.35 pm .
tr	NN	And together , with the unmatched terror of the demon army , they unleashed their onslaught against the empire , and against the Nyon . "
tr	NN	I swear on my life I won 't let no harm come to the boy .
tr	NNS	Melanie grabbed the little cards she held in her hand .
tr	NNS	" We 've taken extraordinary measures to ensure you were not followed . "
tr	NN	I beg your forgiveness . "
tr	NNS	The trees stood only a few more paces ahead .
tr	NN	exclaimed the mechanic with a small degree of pride .
tr	NN	He attached her other ski .
tr	NN	They 'd gotten a dragon .
tr	NNS	All the bits , he thought , I must have all the bits by now .
tr	NNS	Sunlight painted vivid splashes of gold on the forest floor .
tr	NNS	She moved those few inches , and her tongue darted out , delicately licking the flat brown circle .
tr	NN	Debbie eyed her skeptically .
tr	NN	Without knocking , Jones turned the knob and crept in .
tr	NNS	They weren 't taking any more chances .
tr	NNS	For two years they defied all efforts to keep them apart , until Darcy succeeded where his sister and parents had not .
tr	NN	They crossed the highway and made straight for the four-wheeler trail just to the side of the hollow stump .
tr	NNS	' And I 'll give you an extra hundred bucks if you keep the ride smooth . '
tr	NN	She finally set her menu down , and Min took our order .
tr	NNS	He worked his boxer briefs down and fisted his rock hard cock .
tr	NNS	And he 's got sandwiches and fruit in his backpack . "
tr	NN	And he ordered the construction of a tower from which he could challenge the gods .
tr	NN	He touched the brim of his cap and refused Lucia 's offer of a tip .
tr	NN	She felt an awful lump in her throat at the thought of never seeing Dane or Drew again .
tr	NN	Too much testosterone and competition for women . "
tr	NNS	~ ~ ~ II The First Wednesday Death gives a face [ to life ] that cannot be exchanged .
tr	NNS	I felt butterflies in my stomach as he smiled down at Braden and me .
tr	NN	Millicent recalled the little incident at HQ that afternoon , when she had the sudden flash of insight .
tr	NNS	No , you might have done wonders but nobody ever survives when they pull a gun on my family .
tr	NNS	The following summer , we would begin renovations .
tr	NNS	I shot daggers at him and wished I still had the plastic sword .
tr	NNS	" You 're simply making excuses because you desire the crown for yourself . "
tr	NNS	The cognac numbed my senses , but it was Lynn .
tr	NNS	We just made the deliveries .
tr	NN	She ripped off another tender chunk of bloody meat .
tr	NN	But he found the depression he 'd been looking for and scooted into it , burrowing deep .
tr	NNS	Wouldn 't have known politics from astrology .
tr	NNS	However he lacked the cunning and survival instincts of his younger brother .
tr	NN	said the old witch .
tr	NN	" Without an armed escort ? "
tr	NNS	My mother had no gardening skills and I myself could kill a cactus .
tr	NN	Then he rolled the cart back to the counter , picked up the first slip of paper , and began filling the order .
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths and made a decision .
tr	NNS	I liked the other members so far .
tr	NN	The noise of the door opening gave him a fright .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness you 're here .
tr	NN	He had hoped fleeing to a new area every other year would throw The Boy off .
tr	NN	I said weakly , all humor gone from my tone .
tr	NNS	He 'll expel the ghosts that haunt you the way I can 't .
tr	NNS	His carefree attitude eased the knots in her stomach a little .
tr	NNS	Someone must have called some trusted secretaries to come in early because a tight cluster of veterans gathered in front of the reception desk .
tr	NNS	If she is I 'm not liking your chances . "
tr	NN	Release powered down his spine .
tr	NN	She was falsifying intelligence to her superiors . "
tr	NN	" Sydney ... " The pain in his voice made my heart ache , but I had no words of comfort to offer .
tr	NN	' Once all this nonsense is over , we 'll have an engagement and going away party for them at the Nine Seven Six .
tr	NN	" What can I tell your uncle , Gwendolen ?
tr	NNS	Drop two bits in the box . "
tr	NN	" At the far end , beyond the last stall . "
tr	NNS	Counted down the boy 's ribs to find the right spot .
tr	NNS	She was also testing the waters , determining exactly how hard she needed to push Ace .
tr	NNS	" But you have servants ... the children ... " " I wanted you . "
tr	NNS	In a moment , they were once again furling their sales and dropping anchor .
tr	NN	He poured a generous measure into each glass , handing one to me .
tr	NNS	As if he 'd thwarted his murderers in some manner at the end . "
tr	NN	Devon stopped pacing , turning sharply toward him .
tr	NNS	" My farm has dogs .
tr	NN	" Run that recording of the door opening again . "
tr	NN	I ran another block and crouched down against the side of a house , listening for the sounds of officers coming .
tr	NNS	They rode their bikes down the path and then turned onto Mayflower , which they followed until reaching a tree-lined street called Goodman Road .
tr	NNS	Mountain Song collected prayers .
tr	NNS	" Of course they didn 't sell the octopus .
tr	NN	I gave a little groan as I shifted my weight uncomfortably on the bed .
tr	NN	We even tried a recording once - didn 't work .
tr	NN	He followed the butler , Rose close behind him .
tr	NN	He pulled my long-sleeve t-shirt over my head .
tr	NN	The night brought a cold and refreshing breeze of air that swept around my red wet hair wildly .
tr	NN	Give me a little credit , Elliot .
tr	NNS	Knowing that it would bring only ill to his adopted son , the poor baker begged his assailants to leave him be .
tr	NN	I 've enclosed a video from our fourth game .
tr	NNS	They have unresolved issues .
tr	NNS	Rusted chain-link fences enclosed the yards , and some of the homes were derelict .
tr	NN	A sailor muttered a profane prayer .
tr	NN	" Brought my nephew and his girlfriend . "
tr	NNS	She 's always telling jokes .
tr	NNS	Pictures of girls hugging , kissing , and holding hands with him filled the pages .
tr	NN	We carried the immortal inside the lodge and laid him on a couch in the front room .
tr	NN	A chill crept down my spine .
tr	NNS	I asked , breathless and unable to slow down for a minute to listen .
tr	NNS	They had buckets of water .
tr	NN	When the water had boiled , she dropped a handful of something into it to steep .
tr	NN	The stone archway held a balcony that ran across the front of the house and down both sides , with ornate black iron railings .
tr	NNS	We follow her a few more blocks and turn through a gate into what looks like a private residence .
tr	NN	Neal opened the dishwasher and started gathering up dishes .
tr	NN	I used my pen to ' draw ' the area of the force I was applying . "
tr	NN	" I saw your grand slam last month .
tr	NNS	" But at least I 've got all the babes .
tr	NNS	She made the pillars of her home out of tiger femurs .
tr	NNS	Its mouth revealed black gums and vibrant yellow teeth .
tr	NN	Thankfully , the treatments took effect , and she slowly got better .
tr	NN	General Wellesley , you have the command , and may God be with you . "
tr	NNS	He had allies and he would get more as soon as the news about the fake war broke .
tr	NN	Damen did not pay the other man any heed .
tr	NN	Not that I 'll drive afterward or anything . "
tr	NNS	After a while you can just blank out the bits that aren 't important and focus more on ones that are . '
tr	NNS	" Well , maybe you should take your chances .
tr	NN	A thick sheet of ice had entombed the craft , sealing it shut .
tr	NN	She unwound the quilt and laid it on a nearby chair .
tr	NN	Finally , one of the desk operators had taken pity on her and disclosed his location .
tr	NN	When they were inside me I could feel their lust for life .
tr	NNS	" Two hundred thousand dollars !
tr	NNS	The acid spit that lingered higher up struck the scales around the monster 's maw .
tr	NN	Kaitlyn 's stomach gave a final sickening twist .
tr	NNS	" My dad 's company is providing refreshments .
tr	NN	Small , closely set eyes glare at me , and saliva drips from its wide mouth , over pointed tusks that protrude like deadly spikes .
tr	NNS	" In times of war though ... You have lost ships ? "
tr	NNS	Veronica was expecting twins after years of trying to conceive .
tr	NNS	He tugged out two packs of dried apples and tossed one to her .
tr	NN	The two knights attacked each other viciously , going blow for blow .
tr	NNS	Nina pushed her palms against my chest and held me away from her .
tr	NN	She had honest to goodness freckles , blue eyes , and a page boy haircut .
tr	NN	He gently patted my thigh to console me .
tr	NNS	The original king during the OPEC era had a dozen sons and many daughters with over half a dozen wives .
tr	NN	The slick scalp requires a razor every other day .
tr	NN	Some sort of elevator device lifts the craft slowly up through the levels .
tr	NN	Maria would never find simple joy in such a small thing like the comforting glow of church candles .
tr	NN	My wife wasn 't doing any harm .
tr	NNS	He pressed his palms against both sides of his skull and held his head as if it were about to roll off his neck .
tr	NN	Chad had instant respect for the man .
tr	NNS	You need iron rich foods . "
tr	NNS	They all wore protective helmets , elbow pads , and knee pads .
tr	NNS	Open doors under glowing signs invited shoppers , and the merchants waved holographic images of their wares at the crowd in the street .
tr	NNS	" Should I make excuses to the Associated Press ? "
tr	NN	You breathe twenty-one percent oxygen at the surface .
tr	NN	" I 'll call the technician and see about fingerprints .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is this ? "
tr	NNS	We 've had scores of matches together .
tr	NN	Durand took a swing at him , and Cameron easily caught his fist .
tr	NN	I turned and grabbed the doorknob , knocking as I opened the door .
tr	NNS	Do all sorts of jobs .
tr	NN	However , she was having trouble digging out much beyond these two , familiar passages .
tr	NN	As he crossed the threshold , a draft struck his candle and snuffed it out .
tr	NN	As he did , Frank instinctively hit Jake hard , his right fist smashing against the surprised man 's jaw .
tr	NN	She had such an idealized impression of farm life and the Midwest , so how could we not show her the redneck side of this place ?
tr	NNS	So I took drastic measures and decided to walk in my mother 's footsteps for a night .
tr	NN	They immediately followed his command .
tr	NN	' Shhh , do not worry , I will allow no harm to come to you while you are " locked in " .
tr	NNS	I need some CCTV tapes . '
tr	NNS	" We all have issues . "
tr	NN	He tossed the rag into the sink .
tr	NNS	People were taking actions that would determine the future of the country .
tr	NN	I stopped pacing and sat back down .
tr	NNS	His only change had been replacing the license plates .
tr	NNS	She studied scattered bone fragments , trying to decide where to start .
tr	NN	He owns his own diner and apartment building .
tr	NN	He got his highway , but that was more in the nature of a bonus .
tr	NN	We do have electricity of course , but the candlelight gives you an appreciation of the atmosphere of medieval living .
tr	NNS	Royce recalculated the benefits of taking the old woman with him against the difficulties she 'd create by slowing their pace .
tr	NN	So sate the hunger and then get the beer .
tr	NN	Hippie mom had a good impression of me , somehow .
tr	NN	She 'd obviously been counting the cost of the inevitable fallout and didn 't like the score .
tr	NN	Yolanda pulled out the carrier , gently setting it down on the garage floor .
tr	NNS	Seems to me you don 't have any coats either .
tr	NNS	Jeffrey held no illusions of receiving tactical data , but that was not his primary purpose .
tr	NN	The scrap project , he quickly came to realize , had more potential than the management could have imagined .
tr	NNS	I 'll read the numbers to you . "
tr	NNS	Della and I hear two knocks against the doorframe .
tr	NN	Jack gave Ariadne the flute , took the oar from her hand , and rowed to the forest .
tr	NN	I cut off a slice of the meat and nibbled .
tr	NNS	Then a purple glow swallowed up my surroundings , and I let my eyes close as the windows shattered .
tr	NN	He 'd caught only a glimpse of her as she turned the corner , but that glimpse stuck in his mind .
tr	NN	" Yes I got the impression that they were expecting us .
tr	NN	" He had a clan too , can you believe that ? "
tr	NN	He was saving her sanity even as he was slipping away .
tr	NNS	He wore tiny silver hoops in his ears , and while his brown hair was closely cropped , he still managed to look both tough and handsome .
tr	NN	Good and evil ... The two forces have their claim on all of us , Ion .
tr	NNS	Jasmine had undeniable psychic abilities , which she used to help police solve various crimes , many of them high-profile .
tr	NNS	" No , I rarely use these cards . "
tr	NNS	Down in the valley lay the orange brick buildings of the high school .
tr	NN	" But Laura you get a vote too .
tr	NNS	The rest of you , play your normal positions and we 'll work through the short passes .
tr	NNS	Behind him the cooker had pans presumably of vegetables ready to boil .
tr	NN	THERE 'S TOO MUCH LIFE AROUND , said Death .
tr	NNS	He had his cigarettes , and he held the pack like a life ring .
tr	NN	We have a long cruise tomorrow . "
tr	NN	My nephew was making his grand confession .
tr	NN	In the middle , appears the hologram of a man with a dark complexion .
tr	NN	Ordinarily , she might have sought sanctuary in the library , but not now .
tr	NNS	When he was a kid , he 'd fished these waters with his uncle , and , frankly , he 'd had his share of fishing .
tr	NN	Christine shifted her weight uncomfortably under the woman 's gaze , praying fervently that the ballet mistress would believe her .
tr	NNS	And I still had twenty-eight floors left to go .
tr	NN	Quick like a snake .
tr	NNS	" The job pays eight dollars a week plus room and board .
tr	NNS	" We have three professors in the U.S. history area .
tr	NNS	Elsie has issues with keeping her food down , so she has a tendency to get dehydrated .
tr	NNS	I 've got more connections then you can ever dream of . "
tr	NNS	Could gods hurt other gods ?
tr	NN	I don 't want anybody overhearing us . "
tr	NN	I 've never had any consideration for anyone else .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the person who felt the situation to be desperate might have envisaged even more desperate measures to do more than merely ridicule his adversary .
tr	NN	Grabbing her small dinner and the plate of brownies , she made a dash for the door .
tr	NNS	In their haste to get married , Linc had planted the seeds of suspicion within her family .
tr	NN	Digging in my shirt pocket , I pulled out the cap and set it on the large rock beside the chaplain .
tr	NN	Each summer had grown hotter , and the rains were not coming as often .
tr	NNS	He could read hearts ... all sorts of hearts .
tr	NNS	One of the three Carpathian males had blocked their senses and gave them false memories of what had happened .
tr	NNS	" You 've never had abilities before . "
tr	NNS	Use your powers to catch fish for the starving people in our town . "
tr	NN	" We 'll figure something out , " she murmured , her own voice husky with desire .
tr	NNS	She wordlessly followed her brother 's directions until she ended up on a highway heading east .
tr	NN	But the idea of experiencing any of those things with Zayne left my head spinning and caused my pulse to pound throughout my body .
tr	NNS	The threat was there in the bass rumble of their growls , the drawn lips showing fangs that were meant for rending flesh .
tr	NNS	" I had great expectations , and you lived up to every one of them . "
tr	NNS	All that after a couple of generations of no one having a mind to so much as go sightseeing off those islands of yours .
tr	NN	She gave the sea monster another fish .
tr	NNS	" I 've got the coins . "
tr	NNS	Slowly , Jared stood , his movements slow but sure .
tr	NN	Antonia opened an indignant moth but no words succeeded in escaping .
tr	NN	" Or you challenge my leadership . "
tr	NN	When I was younger and much thinner I played football at West Point ; as a defensive tackle my whole life was spent keeping track of details .
tr	NN	Her appearance down to her figure bore a striking resemblance to her .
tr	NNS	I saw our families in the future .
tr	NNS	She had the same designs on a large computer screen and she moved stuff around with just a light sweep of her fingertip .
tr	NN	Not and win her independence .
tr	NNS	Those two certainly had their troubles . "
tr	NN	I have a huge trust fund .
tr	NNS	By picking a job that pays only $ 20 dollars an hour ?
tr	NNS	Could she actually drug Phillip ?
tr	NN	Albert began his speech .
tr	NNS	He " s killing innocents ! "
tr	NN	He hides his smirk .
tr	NN	One , he underestimated his opponent , never a good thing in battle .
tr	NN	You , on the other hand , need a spouse of your own to occupy you . "
tr	NN	" You playing basketball this year ? "
tr	NNS	We was barely filling three pews on Sunday until four years ago when the Corps of Engineers started on the lake .
tr	NN	" I 've suddenly got an irresistible urge to play hooky . "
tr	NN	I hadn 't picked up on this detail earlier -- this important detail .
tr	NN	He had had a seizure and he would not remember killing the girl .
tr	NN	They ran and looked over the banister .
tr	NN	I felt a tapping on my skull and heard a voice saying , " Here . "
tr	NN	I climbed off the sofa and walked to the door , forgetting I didn 't have a shirt on .
tr	NN	* The knitted rug offered little protection against the cold floor as she gingerly stepped out of her bed .
tr	NNS	Nicolas pulled the mattress down to provide a little more cover for the wounded man as the bullets tore great gouges out of the wall behind him .
tr	NN	Amber stiffened her spine and gave a single nod .
tr	NNS	" You exceed my expectations . "
tr	NN	She could see the bony gleam of his scarred face beneath the edge of his cowl .
tr	NNS	I took the roses and smelled them as he shifted a cursory look at Lucas .
tr	NN	He pulled open the desk drawer and scooped up the dozen or so pens that lay in the tray inside the drawer .
tr	NN	The warmth crinkling at the edge of Drake 's eyes made my breath hitch .
tr	NNS	Lex washed and Ricky dried the dishes and swept the floor .
tr	NNS	Then , maybe a day or so later , the priests and other servants actually see those very same bugs . "
tr	NN	The opulence in its taste could scarcely satisfy my hunger .
tr	NNS	How else could I explain his powers ?
tr	NN	Their subject matter follows a precise theme that never varies : corpses .
tr	NN	Now you would use that oath like a cudgel , forcing her to become your tool ? "
tr	NN	When the computer checked a password it always compared the entered code with his hidden access codes .
tr	NNS	Because of that , I added two points to my very own mental review .
tr	NNS	They gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	She tapped a lacquered fingernail against the table , but didn 't interrupt .
tr	NN	Darnell rested his rifle against his shoulder as he stepped forward .
tr	NN	Jonas tossed the towel aside and came toward her .
tr	NNS	In the distance she heard a light hiss .
tr	NNS	We could see several vendors , yes .
tr	NNS	She pulled her favorite sundress from the closet and slipped it on over her head .
tr	NN	Nobody could have kept a lid on what was going on .
tr	NNS	His fingertips caressed her nipples as he whispered in her ear , " You 're mine , Angelina Thrust .
tr	NN	I let out a ragged groan and Cohen placed his hands on my shoulders , applying pressure to break the kiss .
tr	NNS	Couldn 't they take samples from known cat lovers too ? "
tr	NNS	I would make excuses .
tr	NNS	But now we can take measures to foil it . '
tr	NN	" I love your style , my darling .
tr	NN	Hosni ended their joy .
tr	NNS	Initial estimates put the company 's losses at over thirty million dollars .
tr	NNS	I have already so instructed the servants . "
tr	NNS	Around her ran tiny and agile dinosaurs .
tr	NN	" Take my advice .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down his spine , like fire down a detonator cord .
tr	NNS	" Alright , well , " Jack said , the entire group well-hidden in thick brush a few hundred yards away .
tr	NN	I got the police chief to go up to Grahame Coats 's house .
tr	NN	Or would you like another option ?
tr	NNS	" I had classes to go to .
tr	NN	" How 'd you like the film ? "
tr	NN	" In return , you will pass along any info you get on the mystery man with the accent . "
tr	NN	" She has an addictive personality .
tr	NNS	The hospitals were handing out stacks of sweaters and coats from those who had died overnight , or that had been handed in from undamaged areas .
tr	NNS	" We don 't have enough supplies for the wounded .
tr	NN	Ethan caught only the slightest glimpse of the man , but he heard the name and straightened his tie .
tr	NNS	" We will shut down the engines .
tr	NN	I grasped him in my hand hard and ran my fingers up and down his prick .
tr	NNS	It gives us limitless endurance , at least compared to Humans . "
tr	NN	You 'll set a bad example for Sam . "
tr	NNS	Her feet hung inches from the chunks .
tr	NN	Dr. Ortega 's face shone slick with sweat above a bushy black beard .
tr	NN	The iron has no effect as we pelt toward the water .
tr	NNS	" I don 't see any crumbs . "
tr	NN	She started pacing and muttering again .
tr	NN	" I give you my protection .
tr	NNS	He rode the breakers of her orgasm in a fury of rhythm , feeding her frenzy .
tr	NNS	I shoved the pages at his chest .
tr	NNS	He tossed back the covers and slid out of bed .
tr	NN	afterwards , pounding the butt of the stick on the dirty carpeted floor .
tr	NNS	She had booked several acting gigs that required specialty looks .
tr	NNS	Not knowing what else to do , I lit some candles and went to the kitchen to pour a bowl of cereal .
tr	NN	Without me in your life you 'd have no humor or love .
tr	NN	I light the white candle that sits next to a bowl of water , then pick up the silver knife and braided rope of white linen .
tr	NNS	I knew the basics of painting with acrylics from being around Adrian but had no practical experience myself .
tr	NN	I have a deadline . "
tr	NNS	She grabbed two napkins and poured milk and sugar into her coffee , then followed him to the table .
tr	NNS	Mr Briggs frowned dangerously .
tr	NNS	He ignored her scornful remarks .
tr	NN	" And you didn 't like the speech ? "
tr	NNS	I 've had very tough classes .
tr	NNS	" She makes you your favorite dishes too . "
tr	NNS	She fluttered her eyelashes .
tr	NNS	I 'd break the statues in the image of the Elders .
tr	NN	I felt fury as the White House was evacuated .
tr	NNS	If you really think about it , making drinks is all about using the right ingredients with the right properties together .
tr	NNS	As I was rinsing the conditioner out of my hair , I heard noises coming from the other side of the shower curtain .
tr	NNS	Specifically the elder gods of Gnosis . "
tr	NNS	I hate hospitals almost as much as I hate blood . "
tr	NN	Fighters have a complement of one pilot with sometimes a second co-pilot .
tr	NNS	Renzo quietly noted the dead wolves , including the grown one with an arrow still in it .
tr	NNS	It bore no ornaments or identifying marks of any kind .
tr	NNS	He grabs some supplies from the closet and turns back to me .
tr	NNS	They walked several more paces though the gloom .
tr	NNS	I gather up the items and step behind a thick , dark-blue curtain which hangs across the back corner .
tr	NN	Robert had such an abundance of computer equipment and spent so much time online that he no longer relegated his equipment to the spare bedroom .
tr	NNS	To soothe her , he moved back a few paces and let his hands relax at his sides .
tr	NNS	Reality trumped any fictional desires of happiness that Brian hadn 't managed to destroy .
tr	NN	I felt my blood flow into his mouth , pouring out with each deep , savage thrust .
tr	NN	In her smooth tone , I sensed a trap ; I just couldn 't make out its shape just yet .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't swim these waters .
tr	NNS	" I 've had four experts study this drug .
tr	NNS	Thank the heavens no one could see me .
tr	NNS	' You don 't get a million dollars . '
tr	NNS	She weighted down the napkins and paper plates with rocks , because the wind was making everything dance .
tr	NNS	For a horrifying moment , I had visions of Marcus crashing my awesome birthday celebration with Sydney .
tr	NNS	It houses some expensive treasures .
tr	NNS	Then he fitted the wires down along the neck , tucked the plastic under the skin , and called for sutures .
tr	NNS	She set plates on the table , said , " It 's time for your healing brew , " and headed back to the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Fighting the urge to cry , she began loading dishes into the dishwasher .
tr	NN	THEIR PERSONAL PROBLEMS took a backseat to the real and present danger .
tr	NN	You didn 't force that cocktail down his idiotic throat . "
tr	NN	Get the confession so we can get this over with ! "
tr	NNS	He set a few apples into the " mostly red " barrel and reached for the canteen .
tr	NN	Kara slid the comb out of the pouch and stuck it into her hair .
tr	NN	She gave a lazy yawn and nearly purred at the large hand rubbing up and down her back . '
tr	NN	a voice orders , and I see the Peacekeepers interspersed throughout the crowd , directing the flow of human traffic .
tr	NN	My captor was behind me winding more duct tape around my chest and legs .
tr	NN	He pulled the coffeepot away from the heat and added more wood to the fire .
tr	NNS	" Most people here have knives ? "
tr	NNS	I push aside my fears of being literally stabbed in the back .
tr	NNS	Quentin , Matt and Noah all keep apartments in Boston . "
tr	NN	Nor did it lessen the painful knot in her stomach .
tr	NNS	" Shouldn 't we sound battle positions ? "
tr	NN	God bless an actor like him .
tr	NN	I rushed noiselessly over leaves that should have crackled , then broke a branch that fell to the ground loudly .
tr	NNS	Archie reduced the engines to an idle , then with a blip of the throttle he shut them down .
tr	NNS	Jake still had his doubts .
tr	NN	It had an orange belly with painted feathers and two huge yellow painted eyes .
tr	NN	" Did you learn your lesson ? "
tr	NNS	Yelling their challenge , the enemy warriors levelled their spears and advanced towards us .
tr	NNS	Moon was holding all the cards .
tr	NN	Margaret set the basket of bread down on the table and made her way to me smiling brightly .
tr	NN	I didn 't turn off the scorching flow until it was filled to the brim .
tr	NN	Felt the narrow shaft of the knife .
tr	NNS	Obviously I thanked the gods a bit too early .
tr	NNS	With a new determination , Ezio made arrangements for the journey back to Rome .
tr	NN	The company in charge of maintaining it had charged a fee for access .
tr	NNS	I saw shadowed figures passing behind them .
tr	NNS	" I 'll wager dollars toward oil changes and car repairs .
tr	NN	She wore her talisman proudly in her left ear .
tr	NNS	- Do you have any fruits ?
tr	NNS	I could see his ribs under his thick fur coat .
tr	NN	He spun the bat and held it down so the head hovered just above the floor .
tr	NNS	" Do clones have families ? "
tr	NN	He then recounted his encounter with Hawk and Scamp .
tr	NNS	" Apparently , she 's keeping tabs on me .
tr	NNS	He 'd always hated needles .
tr	NNS	One makes further excuses and slides down the stairs to greet Four privately .
tr	NNS	Samara handed Aquarius fifty dollars .
tr	NN	I can 't trust your organization to keep a secret .
tr	NN	Now , I welcomed the venom .
tr	NNS	He brought the two small cups of coffee to the table .
tr	NNS	He had burns on most of his face and neck .
tr	NN	She tossed her long ponytail over one shoulder .
tr	NNS	" Why didn 't you just cut off their thumbs and big toes ? "
tr	NNS	" We combine our ships and strike them one by one . "
tr	NN	" Does she know the code ? "
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of her attacker .
tr	NNS	I get hourly reports from the men I hired to guard her .
tr	NN	" You 're not the first sleaze ball who tried to act funny with me , " she ground out , anger and frustration emanating from her .
tr	NN	-- Cade could see the depth of it in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Razor made angry , garbled noises on his shoulder , punctuated with the words " Bad kitty ! "
tr	NN	I started pacing , not sure where to start .
tr	NN	Just as she had the potential to be lovely , she had the potential to be horrifying .
tr	NN	In retaliation I had glued that cute butt of hers into her office chair .
tr	NNS	" Yes , that 's probably it , " another girl added her two cents .
tr	NNS	He wrote down the dates and your scores .
tr	NNS	Mr. Russell searched his pockets .
tr	NN	He could smell the faint musk rising from her cleavage .
tr	NNS	" Our spies predict the Queen 's movements .
tr	NN	See , I put my black dressing gown on .
tr	NN	She laid the receiver on the nightstand and left the room without looking at Paul again .
tr	NN	The raised hood of her cloak presently shrouded darting eyes alight with excitement .
tr	NNS	I can achieve soundless orgasms without even moving my h * ps either .
tr	NNS	Adam 's peripheral vision noticed the movements of four men approaching .
tr	NNS	They tossed the shots back .
tr	NN	If they had a strong reason to free you , it would accelerate the trial ... but I may be able to spin that to our benefit .
tr	NNS	How do choose your subjects ? "
tr	NN	Other than answering direct questions , Alyssa hadn 't said more than a handful of words to him since the kiss they 'd shared the night before .
tr	NN	He removed the tape from my left hand and I shook my head as more tears fell down my face .
tr	NNS	" He was using the roofs of the buildings to evade us completely .
tr	NN	Travis tucked a strand of dark red hair behind Julie 's ear and indulged himself by then cupping her cheek in his palm .
tr	NN	Has she taken her mother 's advice ?
tr	NN	Preston just had a hunch that the older model would be there , and he had been correct .
tr	NN	She felt an urge to grasp her daughter in her arms .
tr	NNS	' He stands not alone , ' said Legolas , bending his bow and fitting an arrow with hands that moved quicker than sight .
tr	NNS	Fingers stroked up her thighs and wedged between them .
tr	NNS	Just like in most people 's lives , they were thrown curve balls .
tr	NN	The old man made a despairing gesture .
tr	NNS	We cannot change the economic dynamics of the country .
tr	NN	" Take my cock . "
tr	NN	The woman , too , wore a crown .
tr	NNS	We can do dishes , whatever you need . "
tr	NN	" Today , we have nationwide shortage of 14,000 doctors in all specialties .
tr	NNS	" Mr. Winkler appreciates his computer hacking skills . "
tr	NN	I 'd have done a favor for him .
tr	NNS	And then they kissed passionately .
tr	NN	' Ah , she 's withholding judgement ! '
tr	NNS	Pulling open the door , I perused the items inside but was disappointed to find very little food there .
tr	NNS	I have two younger sisters .
tr	NN	Whatever happened now , I had destroyed the brotherhood .
tr	NNS	I checked all my pockets , came up empty , and then checked them all again , forcing myself to go slowly and calmly .
tr	NNS	And they wouldn 't give her drugs because it was too late for that .
tr	NNS	Those of us of the blood have special talents .
tr	NNS	" Fifty yards . "
tr	NN	Already he owed her an incredible debt , and he had no way to repay it .
tr	NNS	She 'll give him strong sons and daughters .
tr	NNS	The other monitors showed classrooms and halls , most of which were empty .
tr	NN	For one thing , no newspaper I know of would hire a former TV ' personality ' .
tr	NNS	He 'd made up excuses every time he went back , and I 'd been too stupid to see through it .
tr	NN	You should never have made that bargain . "
tr	NN	Upon his entrance to the house , he smelled an acrid , stinking fragrance -- almost like dead , rotting flesh .
tr	NN	" I will not spend my seed on your skin . "
tr	NNS	But I had some surprises in store for Chip that would clue him in on the network I was building .
tr	NNS	I took my chances .
tr	NN	I need a summary , but I just don 't have the time . "
tr	NN	They seek justice when it doesn 't occur within the boundaries of our ineffective legal system . "
tr	NN	" Shut the fuck up . "
tr	NNS	She tried two short hops .
tr	NNS	The tent behind me frayed , the bits of threads that made it coming undone and falling apart .
tr	NNS	When he had first been pointed out in the tavern , she had experienced serious doubts about approaching him .
tr	NN	It couldn 't soothe the ache in his chest , though .
tr	NNS	He occasionally cracks jokes , sometimes when not even appropriate .
tr	NNS	Donahoe smoothed down the long hairs of his bushy moustache .
tr	NNS	While your kind does come to this plane from time to time to scope out victims , you don 't lose your powers when you do it .
tr	NN	They found a large storage trunk in her walk-in closet and dumped out the contents -- all shoes .
tr	NNS	And while she loved Jake dearly as a friend , she had no illusions as to his nature .
tr	NN	Finally the young man noticed a new announcement , one not previously published .
tr	NNS	They planted the seeds that same day .
tr	NNS	Any move or accusation against King James will only further convince his cautious allies that he is in the right .
tr	NNS	Xavier could regain his breaths .
tr	NN	Hope that single cell has enough juice to take her four kilometers .
tr	NN	Give me an example . "
tr	NNS	This lady has the organizational skills of a hoarder .
tr	NN	Whatever else could be said about the Guard , they performed this one duty with solemnity and honor .
tr	NNS	I didn 't break any hearts . "
tr	NN	Alex senses my discomfort .
tr	NNS	Baldi flipped the pages .
tr	NNS	From all those head strong mischief makers clawing at your sense of decency .
tr	NNS	He obviously has issues with me and whatever it was that I chose to do Friday night that pissed him off .
tr	NNS	He 'd spent the winters at various relatives ' houses , too , ever since his mother had died , when he was eight .
tr	NNS	Falling on top of the human , I buried my fangs in his arm .
tr	NN	Eventually , her husband controlled his mirth .
tr	NNS	" I was visiting your sisters . "
tr	NN	As expected , some patients are showing more improvement than others , but they say that , all in all , it 's going very well .
tr	NN	As the deer got close to the bank , they turned downstream and swam until they were completely out of sight .
tr	NNS	Bones darted along the Quarter 's roofs for more than an hour , using the higher vantage point to better see the faces of the people below .
tr	NNS	She flattened her palms on his chest , on the softness of his robe , the hardness of his muscles .
tr	NN	His actions tonight had proven a dozen of her theories .
tr	NNS	I had all the chances in the world .
tr	NN	I will not forget this favor you have shown me . "
tr	NN	Then he held up his weapon , he smiled to himself , " Live or die , we meet our fate . "
tr	NN	Many of us found the content of your speech -- disturbing . "
tr	NNS	For he no longer took his meals with his wife and daughter , and he was seldom at home .
tr	NNS	As hitherto mentioned , they had not the faculties of mind to figure out connections , and they both felt the present task was completely beyond them .
tr	NN	He threw the file on the desk and looked over the top of his reading glasses at her .
tr	NN	Will makes this dramatic little gesture and hands me the map .
tr	NNS	My arms were now protruding 2 inches below the cuffs with any shirt that fit my other bodily dimensions .
tr	NN	I point out the wide trunk of a larch ahead .
tr	NNS	asked Eris , smiling .
tr	NN	He groaned and turned the doorknob , wondering who would ultimately win this battle , him or the pooch .
tr	NNS	" We have strict confidentiality agreements .
tr	NN	Don 't use soap .
tr	NNS	He shouted arguments over borderlines as usual .
tr	NNS	For an instant , I forget my troubles .
tr	NNS	His touch melted her insides , curled her toes .
tr	NNS	In the commons , I see two figures in the distance and quickly feel a shot of pain right to the heart .
tr	NNS	Released from his restraint , the roc tore the carcass to bits and swallowed the pieces whole .
tr	NN	But I wouldn 't put a year 's wage of sweet nothing on it .
tr	NNS	For the lucky few , they might only experience such nightmares , once , twice a month .
tr	NNS	Everybody 's got security patrols . "
tr	NNS	Corinne rubbed her palms up and down her arms over the exact spot Dayan 's arms had held her .
tr	NNS	My heaving chest strained my breasts against the front , and he raised his hand to pop off the top button .
tr	NN	It 's called The Mystery of the Human Brain .
tr	NNS	said the wizards , in unison .
tr	NNS	Preston had seen the prices of the highly taxed tobacco in the Netherlands .
tr	NNS	Don 't do drugs ! "
tr	NNS	He harbored serious doubts about Julie 's idea to group together a large conglomerate of telepaths for protection .
tr	NNS	All the kids had their moms there , but mine had to work .
tr	NNS	All had tales of frustration and failure to recount .
tr	NNS	I had never seen cards like this in my life .
tr	NNS	They 're calling all the shots .
tr	NN	Candle unfurled his umbrella .
tr	NN	He definitely had cracked a rib or two , but I began to worry he had internal bleeding .
tr	NN	" Why don 't you leave your goon squad out here ? "
tr	NNS	As he walked away , Eva shot daggers at his back , wishing she could say something pithy that would pierce his confidence .
tr	NN	She already had a buyer for this particular item , so waiting wasn 't an option .
tr	NNS	He had two more missions in mind .
tr	NNS	Looking at the massive hole in the middle of the sheriff 's body , McCall could see the man 's ribs and the column of his spine .
tr	NNS	" I own those ships and others besides .
tr	NN	I let out a groan as the overpowering emotions burst through me and possess me , erasing away the internal pain .
tr	NN	The realization caused an ache to erupt inside me .
tr	NN	Lydia felt that prickly sensation again , on her head , her arms , that so often accompanied a bit of truth .
tr	NNS	I can see the daggers in Tom 's back as we speak .
tr	NN	I hold an umbrella over three heads , fighting off the rain while the moisture brightens the old mounds of dirt , like a fresh dig .
tr	NNS	We kill two birds with one stone this way .
tr	NNS	I 've seen the photographs .
tr	NNS	Maybe his crew was using the chemicals .
tr	NN	" Wake up , honey .
tr	NNS	Each movement or flicker of his strong big hands would give me small spasms of utter delight .
tr	NNS	Further , we will defend these lands faithfully , and our women and children will be hostage to our commitment to you . "
tr	NN	Stella pinned his name tag to his left breast and smoothed the fabric out of habit .
tr	NN	They could hear the doom returning to her voice .
tr	NN	He spun , his eyes narrowing and all traces of the charm he claimed nowhere to be seen .
tr	NN	Yakutsk made no gesture of acknowledgement , but I knew that he was aware of it .
tr	NN	Reaching to her breast pocket , she removed her surveillance pen .
tr	NNS	No problem , Ashe agreed mentally .
tr	NN	If he had to listen to her mewling , pathetic ... He shot a blast at a car on the street and shattered the glass in it .
tr	NNS	" Can you bring up the blueprints of the ship ? "
tr	NNS	We are following up various leads .
tr	NNS	They incurred losses every so often , but not nearly as many as the disorganized rabble that frequently featured some person turning tail and running .
tr	NNS	" Unfortunately they have learned a few new tricks , too . "
tr	NNS	Plus , he has parental rights and he claims he wants to exercise them .
tr	NNS	" How well do you know Cyrus ? "
tr	NN	I swear , you got no feeling for the finer things in life , you big dummy .
tr	NNS	I cannot for the life of me , no pun intended , see the connections .
tr	NNS	The flames have spread to the next house along , just a few yards from where we are .
tr	NNS	Mother had lined up four houses to see ; and I had objections to all of them .
tr	NNS	It would take centuries for his species to rise to even a minimal amount of awareness of intergalactic affairs , if in fact they ever do .
tr	NNS	" You 're fulfilling my ' helping students who remind me of myself when I was young and stupid ' quota .
tr	NN	Katherine 's clipped voice interrupted his reverie .
tr	NNS	But it spoke volumes , m ' lady . "
tr	NN	Leon and Alma loaded the wagon while Heart of the People spoke to Mountain Song .
tr	NNS	He 'd taken the icy changes in himself in stride .
tr	NNS	He located janitor supplies and used them to scrub his room into a semblance of clean .
tr	NN	He tossed the cravat and collar onto a chair and moved to a table and a decanter of brandy .
tr	NNS	Enzo pulls long , gleaming daggers from the sheaths on his back .
tr	NNS	She poured two cups of steaming , fragrant coffee and went to the table .
tr	NN	One night , she dares the inconceivable and leaves the safety of her home .
tr	NNS	He could often be seen with shirt sleeves two inches above his wrists and pant legs several inches above his ankles .
tr	NN	I held up my bat and waved it at the beast and shouted for it to leave .
tr	NNS	He used his powers to turn down the bed and strip their clothes from them before he lay on his back and pulled her over him .
tr	NN	" Inspector , can you send me a file with the missing dwarves ?
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	He 'd wanted revenge and was being denied it .
tr	NN	No one understands your dark humor the way I do . "
tr	NNS	The girl dug a couple bucks from the pocket of her tight jeans .
tr	NN	I watched his brow furrow with concentration , that little smile and scurry of hand activity that marked success .
tr	NNS	Nice young folks mostly .
tr	NNS	Daisy let her into her little room , then quickly threw the covers over the bed so it looked a bit tidier .
tr	NNS	Derrick couldn 't take the fluttering movements any longer .
tr	NN	If I even breathe on pages that actually go into production , I want credit . "
tr	NN	He has a chemical bum on his right cheek that can 't be mistaken . "
tr	NNS	She could feed two babies ! "
tr	NN	He let out a groan .
tr	NN	When Fiona made it back to her seat , Meagan already had a new soda and two hot dogs .
tr	NN	" Well , he doesn 't have language like you have yet , but I know what he needs .
tr	NNS	" Jesus has a few pints wi ' His mates ? "
tr	NN	This has the potential to cause serious economic dislocations .
tr	NNS	" Then I 'll follow up leads and then go back there . "
tr	NNS	That would make her even more nauseous .
tr	NN	I 'll give you an example .
tr	NNS	Nameless Andrew made runes in the sand with a branch underlying the greatly philosophical state he had been in .
tr	NN	She could see the resistance in Stefan 's eyes and feel it in the tenor of his muscles .
tr	NN	" Here , have a muffin .
tr	NNS	We take off our coats and boots and head to the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Pappy recorded the data in a small book near the scales .
tr	NNS	We could do all sorts of things .
tr	NN	They still have some ammo , and they vastly outnumber the enemies .
tr	NNS	His next actions solidified my suspicions that his intentions toward me were less than noble .
tr	NNS	I know these cups .
tr	NNS	You are carrying too many bricks on your back .
tr	NN	" We will definitely cover the Chihuahua 's infatuation with you . "
tr	NNS	He shot daggers at Nina , making damn sure she knew that she was the reason he 'd be paying his dues to The Middleman .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not using drugs ? "
tr	NNS	Josef could see vigilant patrols marching the perimeter of the estate .
tr	NN	He slid the blouse off her and started on her skirt .
tr	NN	Delectable Bordeaux reds ; a range of French Champagnes ; she would have loved Grange .
tr	NN	Alanna put the cart down and let out a loud breath .
tr	NN	He then opened the bottom drawer and reached for the money .
tr	NNS	I also sense connections from some of the computers to mobile computers that perform generalized functions around the facility .
tr	NN	Gray brick meets green siding at the second story , just above the garage .
tr	NNS	He 'd lay a hundred dollars she 'd just as soon throttle him as offer him a drink but the lady had manners .
tr	NNS	She kicked off the covers and trudged topless into the living room .
tr	NN	One day , Nicola saw an advertisement for a ship 's doctor with a cruise company that sailed the Mediterranean .
tr	NNS	Kevin had canceled his morning classes and counted on being alone .
tr	NNS	Shea loaded the supplies into her truck , taking as much time as she dared .
tr	NN	Correction , I could actually see her shrug .
tr	NNS	They were fortifying their positions and providing themselves with a safe way of moving about .
tr	NNS	Ryder eyed the crumbs on the plate , the only evidence left of my delicious breakfast .
tr	NNS	simultaneously exclaimed the sisters .
tr	NN	The rest of the house echoed the cavernous void .
tr	NN	He picked up a green marker .
tr	NNS	His hands massage my breasts roughly , his fingers pinching my nipples , sending live wires of electricity all the way down to my sex .
tr	NN	She couldn 't stop the flow of words , though she knew she was nearly babbling .
tr	NN	" So now that we 're married , you 'll get the trust fund and what ?
tr	NN	And when he pictured Kayla , he could see the family resemblance .
tr	NN	" I didn 't call her a whore . "
tr	NNS	' Well I feel fine Caroline , maybe it 's just because I 'm tired .
tr	NNS	" I have no objections to this .
tr	NNS	Sean , always the gentleman , immediately got two cups of punch and headed for the sunroom .
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	Used properly , we could extend this technology to pets , dental applications and even livestock .
tr	NN	When you will become editor one day , you too will understand quality and good work are important but the first thing you need is to survive .
tr	NN	The second grazed its hip and pushed a small panel of metal ajar .
tr	NN	He shot a thumbs-up to the pilots and replied , " Ready in back . "
tr	NNS	Her own hands no longer satisfied her cravings .
tr	NNS	" Larry , I 'd like to introduce my friend , Shirley Bliss . "
tr	NNS	Both of them have left their families to be here .
tr	NNS	One , they don 't have any females that old .
tr	NNS	He did not touch the bits of fruit on the small plate in front of him .
tr	NN	" Something causes the attraction .
tr	NN	He could not strike the hull .
tr	NNS	We both have similar backgrounds in that specific delicate sensitive area .
tr	NN	Jack emphasized the singular .
tr	NN	Time had no reckoning in their depths .
tr	NN	Ironically , he 'd use Corinne 's argument that people 's priorities had changed , and they could sell newspapers by combining news and softer pieces .
tr	NNS	He smiles when he sees me , his short silver beard sparkles under the lights .
tr	NN	" The Assembly rejected the last version . "
tr	NN	He felt her muscles tense there but the rest of her body relaxed further into him .
tr	NNS	Why did God give me these powers , if not to use them saving the innocent ? "
tr	NNS	When he returned to the kitchen , Misty was washing the dishes again .
tr	NNS	Perhaps he had magic powers of his own .
tr	NNS	He had ties to the Pentagon and Special Ops .
tr	NNS	The first part of the sneak and peek would be getting my bugs and listening devices in place .
tr	NN	As soon as she was sure she was hidden from view , she let the tears flow .
tr	NN	She didn 't want his help , she didn 't want anybody .
tr	NNS	He knew the roads that led north would be dangerous .
tr	NN	She placed her handbag on the floor and waited for Della .
tr	NNS	The cot wobbled dangerously , but she didn 't notice , sinking back into the linens with a sudden chill .
tr	NN	I could hear an internal ticking clock , reminding me that I didn 't have much time , but being discreet was very important .
tr	NNS	Brood himself preferred the more direct solutions of physical pressure to the subtleties of politics .
tr	NN	Erin caught only a glimpse of these luxurious surroundings in passing .
tr	NN	" It 's like having any other sibling , just that you look exactly like another person . "
tr	NN	" Somehow I 'm getting the impression I 'm not completely off the hook . "
tr	NN	Six jumps up , grabs the flag from the wall , and starts booking back to our side .
tr	NNS	The sea monster floated a few strokes from the platform , its hair spreading around its shoulders .
tr	NN	He dismissed that possibility accordingly .
tr	NNS	My voice comes out breathless and Micha laughs , his mouth hovering over mine .
tr	NN	You sign a lease for a specified term and at the end of the term you get a certificate for perfect attendance . "
tr	NN	His voice echoed up the concrete and steel stairwell .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't notice any other track marks , no outward signs of drug use .
tr	NNS	You 've always had issues with men . "
tr	NN	Sarah tiptoed carefully down the elegant walnut staircase in her oversized slipper shoes and quietly made her presence known in the dining room .
tr	NN	The thought softened his manner .
tr	NN	Hosting freezes even terminal cancer . "
tr	NNS	She wanted drugs and she needed money to buy them .
tr	NNS	Instead of a squeak , the door emitted the fluttering sound of turned pages .
tr	NNS	The robed dwarf waved his servants ahead .
tr	NNS	I tucked my thumbs into my undies and slid them off as I landed on my back , parting my legs for him .
tr	NNS	I do have balls ! "
tr	NN	A cell phone company had provided a recording .
tr	NNS	She covered the four floors to the lobby in under thirty seconds .
tr	NNS	We can take Tess to this great Mexican place I know . "
tr	NN	Reid couldn 't use his talent in the human world for some reason , but maybe it helped him manipulate locks and other things made of metal .
tr	NN	Did I say something offensive ? "
tr	NNS	" Well she is absorbing powers like one , but I think I prefer Buttercup . "
tr	NNS	Millions of people have babies every day . "
tr	NNS	I dislike peaches . "
tr	NN	She daubed the cold cloth onto her brother 's forehead and neck .
tr	NN	He would not insult his own intelligence by justifying such an action .
tr	NNS	They all wore dark suits and darker expressions , and they were so uniform in appearance that Kat almost missed the boy among their midst .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have rivals in this business .
tr	NN	Those eyes had a calming effect , and even though I knew this was dumb , so stupid , I took a deep breath .
tr	NNS	" Fifty bucks for a half-hour spirit session !
tr	NNS	My only experience had been pitching ad campaigns but I quickly reassured myself that the concept was the same .
tr	NNS	He could not imagine the emptiness but not the totally immersive nothingness .
tr	NNS	She 'd heard similar backgrounds attached to a number of serial killers .
tr	NN	Her mouth formed a surprised O .
tr	NNS	He made a few odd movements of his mouth before spitting out what appeared to be some words in English .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at him and said , " If I lived here , I just might do that . "
tr	NN	Emerson waved the pistol .
tr	NN	He joined the chase for the other man , then slipped away .
tr	NNS	" Ah , Oliver , if you are going to watch fencing , you should learn the terms . "
tr	NN	Thorn swung the shovel and slammed the blade into Droopy , who seemed momentarily stunned by the animal 's arrival .
tr	NNS	Remember , I am paying you five million dollars . "
tr	NNS	" Gather the reins in one hand , put your left foot in the stirrup , and hold onto the wither , " June orders me .
tr	NNS	Little safety lamps bled little pools of light into the blackness above .
tr	NN	Not that she ever gave me much respect .
tr	NN	I got the impression that he 'd done rather well out of it all .
tr	NNS	He saw the two armies fighting below like ants .
tr	NN	We 'd lose our entire legacy if we didn 't . "
tr	NN	Luke had never broken protocol like this before .
tr	NN	But she adopted neither attitude .
tr	NN	Now , ye go scrub with the newbies .
tr	NN	' Does the moon have any effect on you , Nash ? '
tr	NN	I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NNS	And if that wasn 't bizarre enough , out from the woods behind the gym came two more wolves and they joined the first wolf 's side .
tr	NN	" Just a normal towel . "
tr	NNS	Alcohol soaked my senses , dampened them into a suffocating heaviness , like maybe I was being buried alive .
tr	NN	" You shall see , " he said cryptically , which only made me more nervous .
tr	NN	" Just making sure you didn 't need any more rescuing . "
tr	NNS	" People have been having babies for thousands of years .
tr	NNS	" Any complaints ? "
tr	NN	None would suspect the treasure hidden at the heart of the Seal . ' "
tr	NNS	He carefully checked the numbers for the frequency .
tr	NN	I unwrapped the red cloth , and the katana blade shimmered in the light .
tr	NNS	Then go down two blocks , turn right , and knock on the back door of the lab . "
tr	NN	He let out a groan as he plunged two fingers inside me without even a moment of hesitation .
tr	NNS	" You intimidate your students because you still want to be in power .
tr	NN	I gave his shoulder a hard shove .
tr	NN	" Why is he crying Mama ? "
tr	NNS	" We made some short blinks in here . "
tr	NN	Thomas , on the other hand , was wearing his full uniform .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to drop it or gag .
tr	NNS	The prisoner shook the reins , and his horse lunged forward , pulling the buggy over the rough ground behind the troop .
tr	NN	Let 's get a drip in here . "
tr	NNS	He closed the blinds .
tr	NN	" They 'll never get a conviction based on what we 've got ! "
tr	NNS	I kicked off my sandals , got in there and helped him .
tr	NNS	I loved her pies .
tr	NNS	As soon as I knew Liam would be in his office I briskly walked down the hallways , trying not to draw attention to myself .
tr	NN	What small detail had the killer left behind that would eventually be his undoing ?
tr	NN	" Try the north tower .
tr	NNS	If Marty wouldn 't have kept providing it , I would have made other arrangements .
tr	NN	Lotte laid claim to the new headdress .
tr	NN	" They took back my scholarship .
tr	NNS	A commotion drew both their attentions around .
tr	NNS	Always you have stolen , killed and destroyed our families , property and sense of well-being .
tr	NN	He set aside the menu again .
tr	NNS	He saw the twins together on a mountaintop , and they were happy .
tr	NNS	The man standing beside Logan made a note on a metal clipboard and said , " Approximately nine inches . "
tr	NN	" To new adventures and a new , exciting internship ! "
tr	NN	I 'll make my own fortune , if I can .
tr	NN	Was she using the Power on him ?
tr	NNS	The two poachers donned their own packs , and we made our way back towards where Kyle had last been seen .
tr	NNS	He opened fire blindly .
tr	NNS	With sandy , reddish hair , he had freckles and was prone to sunburns .
tr	NNS	Although blurry , he could make out the familiar figures ahead of him .
tr	NNS	I could imagine the cogs turning in her friend 's mind and I felt sorry for her .
tr	NNS	And when we are forced ashore to portage our cargoes , we are sitting ducks to any attackers . "
tr	NNS	I felt so many different sentiments I thought I would explode .
tr	NN	I see terror in her wide eyes .
tr	NN	" You shot the cop because she realized you had killed Senator Harrison and his PI , Sloan .
tr	NNS	Abe 's eyes followed the two movements until he was looking straight above them and into the bright light .
tr	NNS	Alonzo picked up the coins and turned them over in his hand .
tr	NNS	Red and his partner take up defensive positions on either side of the door .
tr	NN	Riley asked , her eyes narrowing .
tr	NNS	Get your hair washed or something ? "
tr	NN	As a young man , I found that intoxicating .
tr	NNS	" You watched your father arrest innocents while you sipped your tea and chatted with your wraith friend .
tr	NNS	While I thought he might be dead , he played jokes !
tr	NN	He kissed her temple .
tr	NNS	" You two can keep your crowns . "
tr	NNS	My blue jeans only had back pockets .
tr	NNS	My pulse notched up another three beats per second and I tried to swallow down all the denial creeping up my throat .
tr	NNS	We subvert his teachings to an advanced game of hide and seek with our counterparts -- Lexie and I always win .
tr	NNS	And some see auras every once in a while . "
tr	NNS	" I count at least four microphones in this room .
tr	NN	He pulls a towel off the top of the car .
tr	NN	Slater barely spoke and gave the impression he barely paid attention to anything but beer and women , but I knew better .
tr	NN	I had exhausted any more pavement , but the SUV suddenly pulled into the left lane and raced forward .
tr	NNS	" Wha - " " I disabled your cameras .
tr	NN	My brother and I had carved a collection of wooden stakes out of Popsicle sticks , which we kept under the bed .
tr	NN	" I understand your nickname now . "
tr	NN	Perhaps when you can comprehend the reason for their longevity you will have more respect for them . "
tr	NNS	" Forty thousand bucks !
tr	NN	Louise had been tracking my jeep .
tr	NNS	How do you explain the runes or my body self-healing ?
tr	NN	I can squeak a tune out of a violin , though the harpsichord is more my instrument . "
tr	NNS	I 'd just note the conditions within Aquarius , whether we were topsy-turvy or balanced and level .
tr	NNS	I still haven 't dropped the pages back into the lockbox in Ryland 's office .
tr	NNS	His skin turns white as he stares at the scars on my stomach and then his gaze returns to mine .
tr	NNS	" I heard her hiss , and she was crouched on the ground .
tr	NNS	" The man has some serious issues .
tr	NNS	He and his father have connections to everything .
tr	NNS	He embraced old interests and hobbies .
tr	NNS	Do you have any pets ?
tr	NNS	Sure , some mood swings and a temper , but nothing too far out .
tr	NN	He found his joy of a science that had many names .
tr	NN	She had previously experienced only a minor sensation of guilt at breaking the commandment exhorting her to honour her parents .
tr	NNS	If any of the stories in this or the other short story collections speak to you , check samples of my novels .
tr	NN	Aria and Emily 's footsteps grew fainter and fainter until she couldn 't hear them at all .
tr	NNS	You have your own leading families , your heroes , your victories .
tr	NN	I want the man Chloe sanctioned to kill my father all on my own .
tr	NN	" Yes , I like their Irish stew .
tr	NN	He nipped her thigh under the water before he broke the surface .
tr	NNS	I traded three coins for a week in this thing . "
tr	NN	At the weapon she 'd just had the good fortune to stumble across .
tr	NN	" He sucked the venom out you know , like with a rattlesnake . "
tr	NN	She traced her knuckles down the arm of Jason 's suit .
tr	NN	I have a drawer full of very sharp knives .
tr	NNS	I see puffy bedroom slippers and striped pajama bottoms , and I 'm suddenly staring into the greenest , most beautiful eyes I 've ever seen .
tr	NN	" We should have had more faith . "
tr	NN	She placed his contribution on top .
tr	NNS	Maybe the witch would take the twins by some other means .
tr	NNS	Even if he dug a hole and stuck the gold in it , they would surely see the markings and dig it back up .
tr	NNS	He would expect reports of her activities and visitors . "
tr	NN	Before I could utter a single protest , his lips once again took possession of mine .
tr	NNS	He could have at least had the balls to tell the truth . "
tr	NN	Leaves in bright reds , purples and blues colored the landscape .
tr	NNS	I know these roads .
tr	NN	You should merchandise your talent . "
tr	NNS	You need only concern yourselves with his Knights .
tr	NNS	Holiday slammed her palms down on his chest .
tr	NNS	I could hear the wheels grinding .
tr	NNS	Out on the water we saw lovers in canoes and kayaks , wet paddles flashing in the last dying rays of the sun .
tr	NNS	Yesterday , I 'd gathered those few items into a small box and given it to him .
tr	NNS	He would make his apologies in the morning ; Jane would understand .
tr	NNS	No wonder the leaders like him .
tr	NNS	Neil had high expectations and held him accountable for his behavior , but he made the rules clear and praised Jeremy when he saw results .
tr	NNS	" We 'll finish this later , gentlemen .
tr	NNS	Still grow peaches , pears and pecan trees , plus a few other things .
tr	NN	" Him , I 've seen proof of . "
tr	NN	Reacher could smell mildew from the cushions , and bourbon from the bottle .
tr	NNS	Trajan 's eyes shift black momentarily , but he calms himself and the dark , majestic blue returns .
tr	NNS	He quickly untied the horse 's reins from the house fence and mounted it .
tr	NNS	I extended my senses gingerly toward her .
tr	NN	' That 's a ladle , mate , ' said a watchman , kindly .
tr	NN	Dark mahogany curls threw a sharp contrast to his vivid , clear blue eyes .
tr	NN	A rush of emotion brought a lump to my throat .
tr	NN	The doctor hovered over him , his breath smelling of violets and licorice , an aroma that aroused a mixture of feelings that Mackie couldn 't control .
tr	NNS	" Go , " I urge Tess .
tr	NNS	Other female wolves could hurt other females while males could hurt other males .
tr	NN	She deposited the toy on the floor .
tr	NNS	If she believes that we 've been compromised here , she will cut our losses . "
tr	NN	Jackson and I just had a disagreement that we need to discuss .
tr	NNS	He could touch , grip , caress a little more of her without losing it .
tr	NN	Her voice carried a depth of conviction I had to respect .
tr	NNS	For the next few miles people passed our outstretched thumbs without stopping .
tr	NNS	" Keep your knives on them , Pen . "
tr	NN	I crack the curtain and am surprised to find a set of folded clothes on the bed , along with a towel .
tr	NNS	They must have ancestors without mixed heritage to have it manifest in all four women .
tr	NN	He dropped the towel on top of the wall bench , but not his eyes .
tr	NNS	Captain Max signed the forms , closed the file , and slid it back to Diego .
tr	NN	He stroked her cl * t before grabbing the cane he 'd picked up .
tr	NN	You don 't need his treatment any more . "
tr	NN	Easing the cup down , he drew her nipple into his mouth and suckled her .
tr	NN	" Sweetheart , you need another massage .
tr	NNS	Then she fluttered her eyelashes at him , and he wanted to strike her .
tr	NNS	She wore a loose maternity style sundress with a rounded neckline .
tr	NNS	Angie and Alison had stolen two teenage hearts without even trying .
tr	NNS	Startling him , he knocked the empty beers over , the sound of glass against glass crackling in the stale apartment air .
tr	NNS	She wiped her palms across her wet cheeks .
tr	NN	" Did the chipmunk gnaw off her big toe or something last night ? "
tr	NN	Zoey heard his footsteps pacing around the room .
tr	NNS	" He put some marks on me .
tr	NNS	The monk sounded breathless .
tr	NNS	" You have Chinese workers ?
tr	NNS	* * * * * Horace Tipple had no expectations about what he 'd find when he and his guide reached their destination .
tr	NNS	I sent her a dozen roses Monday morning , hoping that would convince her .
tr	NNS	" Maybe we should cut the pages out and tape them together to make a big map ! "
tr	NNS	I 'd wake up dizzy , feeling like I hadn 't slept at all .
tr	NN	Rumour had it she 'd suffered a nervous breakdown -- a common problem amongst the staff at his school .
tr	NN	' I can 't make this sacrifice , ' Medina told the god .
tr	NNS	And it will satisfy the desires of your respective families as to all holiday commemoration .
tr	NNS	" And from now on , I 'm switching the pairs .
tr	NNS	" I live dangerously . "
tr	NNS	Then the birds bring seeds , and grass and bushes grow upon it , until the whale takes on the semblance of an island .
tr	NN	He won 't accept a lawyer and refuses to change his statement .
tr	NNS	They need eleven dollars for two months ' rent .
tr	NNS	The midwives can deliver these various babies without your supervision .
tr	NNS	When he stepped outside he took a few deep breaths and then walked off toward the river .
tr	NNS	A pause , as he lifted for some reason the fifteen signed forms Lou Dell had dispensed then collected .
tr	NN	As the oldest of the Corwin cousins , Derek had set a stoic example for Jason and Mike to follow .
tr	NN	He just didn 't expect Brice or anyone to sneak in through the wall .
tr	NNS	Water trickled down stone fountains set in wall panels along the reception area .
tr	NNS	With the first ringing clash of metal , her instincts took over , her movements becoming quick and agile ; her muscles easing into a familiar rhythm .
tr	NN	The First deserved respect .
tr	NN	He took his nearly finished manuscript to Paul Charney .
tr	NN	Suddenly , as she dashed up the street yet again , Melody had an epiphany .
tr	NN	When she finally broke away , I caught a worried gleam in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Two take head shots before they get back to the car .
tr	NNS	" Have the other teams got out ? "
tr	NN	Instead , I pulled out a small vial and flipped the cap off with one hand .
tr	NNS	I slowly , carefully , quietly tried the brass knobs , which were shaped like bison heads , but both doors were locked from the inside .
tr	NNS	She washed the last dishes and put the tray in the china cupboard .
tr	NN	He wore a dirty white t-shirt and jeans with holes in the knees .
tr	NNS	He hovers inches from where he had been captive then moves upward like a cloud to swirl around the high ceiling .
tr	NN	Their life force mechanisms don 't demonstrate the manifestation of spirit that would be expected .
tr	NN	We lose our inheritance .
tr	NN	She swallowed down her nausea .
tr	NNS	Even though he was watching her over the feed , he could read her mannerisms easily , which was strange .
tr	NNS	He and Sue exchanged smiles and private greetings , but they did not hug .
tr	NNS	You deserve some spoils after all you 've done . "
tr	NN	He didn 't need a scarred and wounded High Demon mate .
tr	NNS	I made those arrangements with Andrew more than a week ago . "
tr	NNS	Do you have any brains in that head of yours ?
tr	NNS	So both had a combined ten beers and only forty buffalo wings .
tr	NN	Chills slipped down my spine .
tr	NNS	Her soft green eyes scan holographic monitors , which show her the status of each of the seven warriors as they wake .
tr	NNS	" What about my personal assets ? "
tr	NNS	I quickly reprogrammed the passwords , a small giggle escaping me with the knowledge of how this would infuriate them .
tr	NNS	I have no objections !
tr	NN	Henninger turned to the nurse and watched her hand the vile of blood to another person who looked like a doctor .
tr	NNS	Knots twisted my insides .
tr	NN	Monday 18th June 1984 After a weekend of big gigs and impressive T-shirt sales the band awoke intent on shipping off to the next city .
tr	NN	Once I could breathe without wheezing , I opened the vault .
tr	NNS	But no cruisers , nor any other ships .
tr	NN	He had the patience for nefarious plots set in motion cycles ago that would take many more cycles to bear fruit .
tr	NN	She let out a groan , massaging the bridge of her nose .
tr	NNS	Graham heard indistinct murmurs of assent and words of agreement from several voices .
tr	NNS	The woman is carrying twins who will be born to serve a very specific purpose . "
tr	NNS	He had donned his breeches and was just finishing washing out of the basin by the fireplace .
tr	NN	I just replied " nothin " and put up my index finger as I walked to the girl 's bathroom .
tr	NNS	She would do chores to earn her food .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you hear these prayers up there ? "
tr	NN	Larissa had that effect on people .
tr	NNS	Time to do some chores , then off to pick up the children .
tr	NN	He 'd encountered more than one powerful female talent over the years and felt a certain pleasant stirring of his senses .
tr	NNS	" But you worked the last two weekends , too . "
tr	NN	Sure , we 'd stopped the hedge witch and brought an end to the hauntings , but this didn 't feel even a little bit like winning .
tr	NNS	High backed chairs , ornately carved , and inlaid with plush velvet cushions surrounded a heavy dark oak table .
tr	NN	He just spouts obscure garbage and then disappears . "
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of Nick 's serious expression as he listened to her father .
tr	NN	You couldn 't patch a crater and that 's how large the hole was in Jack 's heart .
tr	NNS	But three uniformed APD officers had toppled five citizens and were striking them with their batons .
tr	NNS	They 'll want directions , and we can give them information they 'll probably need before long while we 're sailing on up to my Domain .
tr	NN	He cut another branch and showed her how to sharpen the end to fashion a spear .
tr	NN	Sofia felt pity towards Skull .
tr	NN	As he sat down across from her he waved off the waitress .
tr	NN	In her right hand she was holding a CD .
tr	NNS	Already , they had found so many forms of life -- the crew 's minds were full of information from a million planets .
tr	NN	My fingers wrap around the doorknob .
tr	NNS	" I have already secured donations of two suites on a cruise , one European getaway and two tropical island resort trips . "
tr	NN	Manuel 's stone hit the crow at the base of its wings .
tr	NNS	Beyond that , I could see dark mahogany hardwood floors in the living room , a modern stainless steel kitchen peeking around the corner .
tr	NNS	She followed the directions as precisely as possible .
tr	NNS	Outside , I run up and down the little country roads near my house .
tr	NNS	I don 't really follow politics . "
tr	NNS	There was no mention of God , no prayers to lay upon them or blessings of the union .
tr	NNS	Mama , with Min at her elbow , presented Papa 's apologies for his tardiness .
tr	NN	He held the bouquet towards her .
tr	NNS	He had not had any burns , luckily .
tr	NNS	We hire only the best legal secretaries and we pay more than any other firm in town .
tr	NN	She found another dead crow , this time mangled and in the front seat of her car . "
tr	NN	Rue caught a glimpse of Megan turning too fast and hoped the torchlight was obscuring Megan 's haste .
tr	NN	He raised the tea towel and I braced .
tr	NNS	She 's balancing chemistry equations while I borrow her parents ' handheld steamer to bend my white hair into the appropriately sized curls .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not taking any chances . "
tr	NN	" You fertilized my seed , silly . "
tr	NNS	Thomas hadn 't seen such abilities since his conflict with vampires .
tr	NNS	While she did , I collected the shovels we 'd been using and set them with the rest of the tools .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs and quickly made his move .
tr	NN	I patted her encouragingly on the arm .
tr	NN	Have a bit more faith in your son . "
tr	NN	I have an appointment with your mother . "
tr	NN	Reece shoved a small scroll into Thor 's palm , and Thor looked down , confused .
tr	NNS	We 've sent blood samples down to the Forensic Science Service in London .
tr	NN	She tied the dish towel around his arm to keep pressure on the wound .
tr	NN	Closing his eyes for a moment , he took a running leap into the air , catching the lower lip of a window .
tr	NN	I noticed the clock on Charlene 's bedroom wall .
tr	NNS	The kick sent the dogs flying back and the door slammed shut and latched .
tr	NN	Aric cut the ribbon in one snip , and the crowds cheered .
tr	NN	With this I get promoted another rank , maybe two , and then we will see .
tr	NN	Nicolas swung his rod at the machine gun , forcing it to aim skywards with a crack .
tr	NNS	Sighing , he read more responses to his advertisement , none of which he felt any inkling to respond to .
tr	NN	" If women start to stampede , take my advice and get out of their way .
tr	NNS	He had arranged the items to create a kind of seat .
tr	NNS	She had no inhibitions with this man .
tr	NN	Seeking comfort in her cooking , she battles her attraction to one of the town 's most handsome men .
tr	NN	But I heard a distinctively unique language that was unobtainable in the dictionary -- it was a language of the heart .
tr	NNS	She pulled the clips from her hair , shook it , and had Iona sighing with envy .
tr	NN	His h * ps moved his c * ck in shallow massaging strokes .
tr	NN	He 'd call it justice .
tr	NNS	" They often held meetings to which the humans and those lower down weren 't invited .
tr	NN	Oh my god . "
tr	NNS	On every wall there hung the antlers , horns and skins of many different beasts , including the brilliant white fur of a great wolf .
tr	NNS	I could feel the soft hides under my body .
tr	NN	" And plotting my revenge . "
tr	NN	As he stepped closer , he heard a quiet splattering under his shoes .
tr	NN	" Release the first trunk of terror ! "
tr	NN	I tuck a fallen strand of my hair behind my ear , giving myself a moment to get myself together before I speak again .
tr	NN	" I 'm wearing my mother 's lingerie . "
tr	NNS	Most normal human beings don , t know terms like that . "
tr	NN	' Ooh you strike a hard bargain , ' he said , in a playfully severe voice , ' but I suppose I must give in .
tr	NNS	" Welcome , " he greeted the invisible wolves .
tr	NN	" We 'll take the gag off . "
tr	NNS	For example , one man said to me , ' Three hundred years ago people in England were putting witches to death .
tr	NNS	" We hadn 't been expecting dogs , but they took one look at Gabrielle and fell in love , so ... we made it . "
tr	NNS	This all powerful AI doesn 't have Safe Haven 's best interests in mind and I intend to put a stop to it . "
tr	NNS	Apparently , I possessed no psychic abilities .
tr	NNS	Samson , Bruno , bring the torches . "
tr	NNS	I imagined the noises of the running machinery cranking out uniforms for the war and the voices of the workers .
tr	NNS	Alessia saw the brightness of it without turning around , without her eyes .
tr	NNS	Ignoring the pain , she planted her palms down and got her feet under her once more to flee .
tr	NNS	If we cling on and shut down we might avoid their sensors . "
tr	NN	" Now that you 've sworn , I have a final confession ! "
tr	NN	Ogg gave a self-confident shrug .
tr	NNS	Nisha handed them their uniforms , like a principal handing graduates their high school diplomas .
tr	NN	They 'd have put a gleam in our eyes and made the birds sing more sweetly .
tr	NNS	All you have to do is trust your instincts .
tr	NNS	She followed , dogs at her side .
tr	NNS	Maybe I have powers I don 't even know about because I 've never tested them .
tr	NNS	He placed the items before me and he sat down at the table .
tr	NN	It listed his employer as the Department of Agriculture .
tr	NNS	I open my eyelashes , seeing black boots .
tr	NN	" Why is charging your phone battery so difficult for you to remember ? "
tr	NN	When I tucked the pad into place I 'd caught a glimpse at one of the pages in the back and nearly lost it .
tr	NNS	" With cards ? "
tr	NN	Herr Meyer has taken a liking to her . "
tr	NNS	The Professor scanned the figures and tables , read the discussion and nodded approvingly .
tr	NNS	" Ten minutes , " I reminded Lucius as I jumped outside .
tr	NN	Knowing it still wasn 't long enough , Rema yanked a curtain down and attached it to the end of the blankets .
tr	NN	" Did Lars give you stable duty ? "
tr	NNS	So you can put more restrictions on my movement ? "
tr	NNS	Melanie took big bowls of stew and warm , homemade bread and put them in front of Mandy and Buddy .
tr	NN	Franz lifted Caitlin 's veil and did just that .
tr	NNS	Museum statues made more movements .
tr	NNS	" One of the guard mechs holds the schematics .
tr	NN	I pick up a magazine and flip through it .
tr	NN	Hardly had he finished speaking than , with a jerk of his wrist , Finan threw his dagger .
tr	NN	Becky lifted my veil .
tr	NN	Then he gives me a shove and laughs .
tr	NN	" They ignored their curfew . "
tr	NN	I opened my backpack and retrieved the bundle of golden hair .
tr	NNS	She looked up and down the empty corridors warily .
tr	NNS	His statement created butterflies in her stomach .
tr	NNS	Over at their table the two undercover cops were eating open-faced sandwiches , with gravy I could see steaming .
tr	NN	James checks his identification code .
tr	NNS	Yeah , the idea of lying chafed more than a little since he considered his ethics to be of the utmost importance .
tr	NN	Jackson paid the waitress and slowly exited out of Tuscany 's .
tr	NN	" She can have no objection , sir .
tr	NN	He grabbed the notepad with his " to do " list and sat back against the couch cushion .
tr	NNS	" I 've reviewed the data .
tr	NN	" Take off the outer covering ? "
tr	NNS	" To have your babies . "
tr	NNS	It sounded cliché to me .
tr	NN	He watched the unconsciously feminine gesture as if he 'd never seen hundreds of other women do it .
tr	NN	The Keeper of the Faith , the Sayer of the Holy Writings , he leaned close to her , " How ? "
tr	NNS	Between her excitement and not eating , she was feeling dizzy .
tr	NN	" Can I talk to you a sec ? "
tr	NNS	Having left the church in a hurry , I am still wearing my sweats from the night before .
tr	NNS	She threw Tanner 's reins over the branch and watched as her horse started enjoying the cool water , then she turned on Chase .
tr	NNS	I put down the paint supplies .
tr	NNS	An outfield bleacher seat cost twenty-five cents .
tr	NNS	Did you see the new leopard gauges we got in last week ?
tr	NN	You can forge your own destiny ; your path is whatever you wish it to be . "
tr	NN	" He really is dead , you know , " she says , acid bleeding into her voice .
tr	NN	That put a lump in my throat , and I didn 't care about Thanksgiving anymore .
tr	NNS	He 's grown his pirate braids back but replaced his gold teeth with circumspect white .
tr	NNS	Frodo felt his senses reeling and his mind darkening .
tr	NN	I studied his countenance .
tr	NNS	I could feel all sorts of muscles just on his back .
tr	NNS	It actually took all five vessels to raise Aquarius .
tr	NNS	The meeting discussed future connections among the three countries as well as current concerns .
tr	NNS	He did not remove her sandals .
tr	NNS	He arranged the knives around it in a pattern , like the spokes of a wheel .
tr	NN	" I need an update on Richard Smith 's condition . "
tr	NN	In a near manic fit , he got a haircut , or whatever you call it when they charge fifty dollars .
tr	NNS	They made payments on the mortgage , and the group eventually paid off the entire cost of $ 66,000 .
tr	NN	Nearly everyone in the kitchen frowned at that , so to appease them , I grabbed the slice of bacon and broke it in half .
tr	NNS	He would probably send armies out to dig around for it but I know that it would no longer be there .
tr	NNS	I clear the data , but before it 's gone , something tingles my circuits .
tr	NN	Keeley fingered the material of the dress , a wistful expression on her face .
tr	NN	" She made the offering . "
tr	NN	The edge had carved a furrow across his left arm and face .
tr	NNS	For so long we have avoided missions that involved a war with the south . "
tr	NNS	He 's taking deep breaths , preparing for battle .
tr	NNS	They all donned scuba suits and masks from the variety of suits and masks inside the submarine .
tr	NNS	Behind us , the car giving chase trailed only a few yards back .
tr	NNS	You exceeded my expectations . "
tr	NNS	It would only raise suspicions and I don 't want to risk anything . "
tr	NNS	Inside the castle , a beastly man with dark skin stalks the halls , and though she doesn 't understand why , she is terrified of him .
tr	NN	He thanked the surgeon and realised just how tired the man must have been , as the night was just showing signs of getting less black .
tr	NNS	Her eyes went wide , big pools of wary brown .
tr	NN	Isaac snapped the lid on his tote .
tr	NN	He brushed a loose strand of white hair from her face and kissed her forehead .
tr	NNS	Then he quickly loops the reins over Corr 's head and hands them to me .
tr	NNS	My fingers brushed something sticky .
tr	NNS	A few worried neighbors had thrown coats over their pajamas and hurried out to investigate the commotion .
tr	NN	You 'll love my farm .
tr	NN	She heard his sharp intake of breath but was unaware of the reason as her fingers explored the dark , lightly hair roughened skin of his chest .
tr	NN	" Conspiracy theory dinner theater on the weekends ? "
tr	NNS	We played cards , we ate , we laughed , and we made love .
tr	NN	Cyrus had been so full of his own grief , he didn 't have much patience for her or Frank .
tr	NNS	Or that her family had millions and millions and millions of dollars , not to mention a house with a name .
tr	NN	I spies a likely piling next to the water .
tr	NN	But when Zoe told me our dad was about to be in Palm Springs , I nearly had a meltdown .
tr	NNS	I 'd once read the cards for her about a boyfriend and she asked me if I could do another reading .
tr	NN	He felt her body quiver with pleasure again and again .
tr	NNS	Just as the dogs were landing on the ground , Derek stretched out his palms and fire blazed from them , engulfing the dogs with flames .
tr	NN	He slapped his thigh .
tr	NNS	You might see deer in the garden from time to time .
tr	NN	Maybe we have no capacity to love , in our family .
tr	NN	He felt a little dizzy but it passed quickly and he looked around the storeroom .
tr	NNS	" We made arrangements to meet here several hours ago .
tr	NNS	In a few hours , I will have obligations .
tr	NNS	Trees sought water and trace elements ; discount stores and leisure centres came in search of access routes and parking space .
tr	NNS	" Someone definitely killed members of their team , and we didn 't want to be next .
tr	NN	continued the ring announcer .
tr	NNS	He felt their stares , and knew they were whispering stories whenever his back was turned .
tr	NNS	Soon enough , Rift can almost recognize his surroundings as he emerges back onto the beaten path .
tr	NNS	He adjusted his goggles in the bright light .
tr	NNS	He could almost feel his stripes growing darker and he tried to reign in his heart response .
tr	NN	Then he gave me a little speech on the history of the House Sentinel , and the fact that Ethan had resurrected the position .
tr	NNS	One even bared her breasts and pretended to commit suicide -- with a nail file -- to get in the papers .
tr	NN	He had just broken the oldest artifact in all of human history .
tr	NN	" Can we call a truce ? "
tr	NNS	She pulled back the covers on her bed so she could wriggle beneath them .
tr	NNS	He had coated his beautiful scales with wet mud and weed , but it did feel so good !
tr	NN	She agreed , we did the deed and came back down the mountain . "
tr	NNS	Holiday spread out the mats on the floor and then motioned Kylie to sit down .
tr	NN	An hour later , ready for bed , Elizabeth eyed the drawer of her bedside table .
tr	NNS	" I 've seen a couple Nationalist patrols today .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any fighting abilities . "
tr	NNS	No half-empty coffee cups .
tr	NNS	You should write greeting cards : Dear Dad , thank you for helping me become not as big of a jerk as you are .
tr	NNS	Capable of powerful magic , and with a trusty if eccentric warrior monk at her side , Henrietta would fight the witches .
tr	NNS	And since I 'm the Queen , I can pull weeds if I want to .
tr	NNS	They didn 't have any professional connections .
tr	NN	" What if my Lady Jane were offered a proposal this night for herself ? "
tr	NNS	He could picture the wheels turning in Harding 's head .
tr	NN	The guards picked up the cage , nestled it between them , and headed out of the room .
tr	NN	I shall have a little flutter .
tr	NNS	" Those protect my assets and custody issues if we have a child . "
tr	NN	You don 't have any real claim on him ! "
tr	NN	One trust left , one trust right , a double swing and voila , big bad knight would have met his maker ! "
tr	NN	Then he lifted the silver artifact and tilted it in every direction .
tr	NN	I adjust my backpack and bolt .
tr	NN	And you had no schooling ! "
tr	NN	I need no other argument ; I need no other plea .
tr	NN	He gives my shoulders a squeeze as he leans in and kisses me just above the ear .
tr	NN	Kara let her tears flow as he kissed every scar , the sincerity and heat in his voice making her realize what a fool she 'd been .
tr	NN	Claire has a curious gleam in her eye but Connor busts out laughing hysterically .
tr	NNS	Heat instantly pools between my legs .
tr	NN	" Like your fish . "
tr	NNS	Did you witness any overt sexual actions between , them ?
tr	NN	Cricket gives me a discreet smile back .
tr	NNS	Did you find any marks of violence ? "
tr	NNS	She caressed her breasts .
tr	NNS	With a click of her mouse , Annie deleted the balloons .
tr	NN	Jess likes her solitude . '
tr	NNS	That we were trying stunts ?
tr	NN	The woman experienced another rippling contraction that you could even see , and Layla watched with a kind of scared fascination .
tr	NN	A chill ran up my spine as I read the lines that followed .
tr	NNS	Anyone who might have done the things we know it did : seal Stefan in the well , chase me , set those dogs on people .
tr	NN	She felt her consciousness dwindling .
tr	NN	Mary felt the blood drain from her face .
tr	NNS	Would my actions ruin Dad 's chances at getting the big retirement pension ?
tr	NNS	He 's babbling all sorts of obscure pronouncements .
tr	NNS	She wore two ornaments upon it .
tr	NN	A shiver of excitement whispered down her spine .
tr	NN	She let her elite guard rape and pillage wherever they went , and she used babies as target practice while their mothers watched in horror .
tr	NNS	Constables rush the aisles and surround the two suspects closest to the scene , William and Wendell .
tr	NN	But the evidence before us doesn 't bear the assumption out .
tr	NNS	What 'd she pack -- bricks ?
tr	NNS	I have the same fears as you do , Tabby .
tr	NNS	He had magical abilities , stronger than the fledgling powers she had managed to accidentally use .
tr	NNS	" Thirty-one dollars . "
tr	NNS	" We did make changes .
tr	NNS	Robin handed him fifteen dollars , prepared for an argument .
tr	NN	In the middle , Martha was sliding fish along the cutting board and dropping her cleaver so swiftly on their necks - Do fish have necks ?
tr	NN	She felt the soft , silky water flow along her body with each stroke .
tr	NNS	What 's more , the sow is wearing goggles .
tr	NN	Grace stood dumbstruck , so Tabitha took up the conversation .
tr	NN	Claire swallowed the impulse to yell , and a second one , to kick the table in frustration .
tr	NN	We can control the flow of thoughts ; stop a reader from reading them and vice versa .
tr	NNS	Whenever we used to go anywhere , she would draw henna designs on my hands .
tr	NNS	" From the stand point of physics you can draw some conclusions that I will stand behind as fact . "
tr	NN	Once he finishes pressing my skin back together , he says goodnight and heads upstairs .
tr	NNS	" I use indentured servants .
tr	NN	She didn 't like the painting and wanted to replace it with something more to her liking . "
tr	NN	Yaris glared her most royal glare .
tr	NN	Adam , frowning now , spun the volume knob down on the stereo and said something into the phone .
tr	NN	An emaciated man who dripped sweat pushed a stainless steel rack .
tr	NN	" You 're bringing a blender on a road trip ? "
tr	NN	Bruce thanked the engineer and went to his office .
tr	NNS	She took several ragged breaths and then opened them again .
tr	NN	Restoration of the princesses to their former thrones would mean disaster for her and the certain demise of her plans .
tr	NN	The idea that I was bombing our own helpless children instantly snapped whatever frail allegiance my people still felt to me .
tr	NN	He took the melting vat of sundae from me and set it on the backseat floor .
tr	NNS	Allie made no excuses because he was right .
tr	NNS	She did not blame the sisters around her for their sly glances , their masked concern , their fear .
tr	NN	He tugged the comforter over them .
tr	NNS	He no longer even tasted the meals served up , no matter how tempting they appeared .
tr	NN	And yes , I watched the entire lesson , and I did enjoy the show . "
tr	NN	He returned the smirk and I wondered if I 'd really seen sadness in his eyes .
tr	NN	" I broke a stupid nail . "
tr	NNS	Finally in the mid afternoon he made his excuses and left .
tr	NNS	Some of the guys were replacing old or rotting boards on the walkway and he was painting the building a tan color .
tr	NN	Tom caught a glimpse of a magnificent hall before the door closed .
tr	NNS	They touched solid pebbles .
tr	NN	She knew this lovely , tingling sensation .
tr	NNS	Viktor yanked the reins back when the house came into view : Walls of flames swooped up like dragons .
tr	NNS	She also packed forks , spoons , and knifes , along with dainty little napkins .
tr	NNS	Once I see what everyone else puts in their lockers , I 'll make some adjustments .
tr	NN	" Raven and Savannah need rich soil to aid them in strengthening their bodies . "
tr	NN	From the dining room window , if she pretended to be dusting the window sills , Pascale could see the extended Morgan clan getting ready to leave .
tr	NNS	He looked past Rhys to Mistral 's tall figure .
tr	NNS	Whilst all the artistry that we have seen thus far should have prepared us for this moment , what we see now far outstrips all our expectations .
tr	NNS	Regrettably , going so late to the market would also mean the fruits and vegetables would be picked over .
tr	NN	With the first now holding her arms , the pair of them carried her effortlessly into the awaiting bed and strapped her in .
tr	NNS	" I 'll alert my contacts . "
tr	NN	" You have no poetry in your heart , ser . "
tr	NN	" I always need a whisky after meeting Prior . "
tr	NN	How do you impress a moustache that is in itself so impressive ?
tr	NNS	He heard a few banging noises and a grunt from Cliff .
tr	NNS	Sophia turned out the lamps and climbed the staircase .
tr	NNS	When I woke up yesterday morning , I had two texts .
tr	NN	His presence has a disastrous effect on my communicative abilities .
tr	NNS	" You owe the pot forty dollars , loser . "
tr	NNS	They housed the most important figures .
tr	NN	Came a shout from the ship .
tr	NNS	And soon we make two other discoveries .
tr	NNS	Evidently , they didn 't understand buckles .
tr	NNS	" I made arrangements with a man to buy something he wanted , quite desperately , to sell . "
tr	NNS	She grabbed the goggles hanging around her neck and pulled them up over her eyes , then shifted the Jeep into gear .
tr	NNS	They 'd created town houses , much like you 'd see in any city , with all the amenities that a human could need .
tr	NN	Say , I have another marketing survey for you .
tr	NN	I also found a newspaper clipping that dated back to the 1960s , which must 've been mailed to my mom by my grandmother .
tr	NN	I put my backpack in my locker , grabbed my bio textbook , and headed to class .
tr	NNS	" He made requests that were beyond my ability to meet . "
tr	NN	He lifted the rifle and put a bullet through its reforming brain .
tr	NNS	Kelly 's feet pounded the sidewalks in day nine of Ethan Williams 's Operative Training School of Torture .
tr	NNS	" And all things have endings . "
tr	NNS	" That doesn 't explain the lies .
tr	NNS	A second later , Samara gathered his wits and took off after Aquarius shuffling his feet to maintain his balance on the slippery floor .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths and watched him come in and grab the wheelchair .
tr	NNS	She guided my boxers down past my hips and freed my cock , watching it grow long as her fist curled around the base .
tr	NNS	It landed , its blade buried six inches into the soil , between Rafe 's feet .
tr	NNS	When she 's not writing fiction for all denominations , she attends short mission trips , youth conferences , rallies , and summer camps .
tr	NN	Emma suppressed a shudder .
tr	NN	I felt a strange , sick sensation in the pit of my stomach .
tr	NNS	Our forefathers built these kingdoms with sweat and spears , and we 're being told we can build a Greek empire that will last eternity .
tr	NNS	" You remember all the arguments Pardon gave us about that camper ? "
tr	NNS	He could see all her earlier suspicions roaring back to life .
tr	NNS	I 've been practicing my skills . "
tr	NN	Beneath his hand , Travis felt Julie stiffen slightly and he squeezed her shoulder again in solidarity .
tr	NNS	Richie had the most objections .
tr	NNS	So I work the ER , I help out with the administrative duties , I oversee doctors and nurses and shifts and OR schedules .
tr	NN	Saul pushed the lid up and they all peered inside .
tr	NNS	As they walked along the gravel path , they passed several garden workers , who did not return Fitzwilliam 's greeting .
tr	NN	Here the lazy willows shaded the pond , their fingers tickling the surface of the still waters over which houses were suspended in air .
tr	NNS	He placed his blueprints on it and sorted through a few inventions .
tr	NNS	They wore the tattered uniforms of a defeated army .
tr	NN	He tugged the strand of hair from his finger and touched her cheek .
tr	NN	" Why didn 't you follow standard approach protocol ? "
tr	NNS	All lost travelers . "
tr	NN	I touched the plastic with my index finger .
tr	NN	This time I felt the urge to laugh , but I didn 't .
tr	NNS	Dagmar could hear low moans from him and soft sighs from her .
tr	NN	He bit my earlobe , distracting me .
tr	NNS	And my dad was having cameras installed .
tr	NN	Her hand shook my hip gently .
tr	NNS	Knowing he needed help , Tommy yanked off his EKG leads .
tr	NNS	They were given great powers because of them , but not without cost .
tr	NN	He helped her climb through the window .
tr	NNS	Startled , he staggered back a few paces , dropping the torch .
tr	NNS	His fingertips graze my breasts and he pinches my nipple .
tr	NN	The intervening months since his demotion had turned his technology into anachronisms .
tr	NN	He started up his motorcycle and took off ahead of me .
tr	NNS	She had no doubts that Frankie would listen to Pearl .
tr	NN	A tree 's beauty decorates the landscape as it stands tall and majestic .
tr	NN	" I cleaned up the restroom and fixed the other issues the pad uncovered .
tr	NNS	While I was there , I got all the supplies I needed for the perfect apology .
tr	NN	" I-I can 't make that recommendation . "
tr	NNS	" So , will you trade buckets with me just this time ? "
tr	NN	' Get the fuck out of here ! '
tr	NN	I have a very vivid imagination . "
tr	NNS	This place was so old and dingy , it didn 't even have key cards .
tr	NN	I shouldered my backpack , adjusting its weight on my back .
tr	NN	How many ways could you cook buffalo ?
tr	NN	Thalia spotted a French article on the floor by the chair with the translation into English , lying next to it .
tr	NN	You don 't like football , or you just don 't believe in supporting your school ? "
tr	NNS	Shannon gave Jesse directions .
tr	NNS	In fact , over my three decades with the church , he has given many millions of dollars .
tr	NNS	We don 't want any surprises .
tr	NNS	VIN also loaded all the other samples he had brought in an empty food canister from the supply compartment .
tr	NNS	He gives us directions and we make our way through town to the place .
tr	NNS	A sash brush covered in red paint appeared two inches from her cheek .
tr	NN	" Enjoy yer chocolate ! "
tr	NN	He had abandoned his trade and gone broke , eventually putting an end to his misery by drowning himself in the Tiber .
tr	NN	Her dark hair showed its smooth perfection , not even having one dry or split end on it .
tr	NNS	D.D. pulled sandwiches out of a cooler and handed them out .
tr	NNS	I had strapped some golden Greek sandals to my feet and used my hair station to achieve ringlets out of my usually uncontrollable mane .
tr	NN	A wrong person at the wrong time is building a sand castle during a torrential rainstorm .
tr	NN	" I would choose the napkin by a good meal in every household before I would a flag in every house . "
tr	NNS	But maybe he could use the changes .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to ask why ; instead I proved my faith by producing it and offering it to her without a word .
tr	NN	He entered the stairwell across from room 221 .
tr	NN	Layton had the password . "
tr	NN	The wind brought her instruction .
tr	NN	They were passing a row of restaurants , and she could see Taki 's , brightly lit in the gathering twilight .
tr	NN	My mother would love her grandchild and they would be able to remember me through that child .
tr	NN	I twist the cap off and hand it to him , and he sits up long enough to gulp a few mouthfuls before lying back down .
tr	NN	She takes the duffel from Temple and puts it on the passenger seat of the car .
tr	NNS	Truly we have earned our thousand marks ! "
tr	NNS	Sometimes I pick up her vibes . "
tr	NNS	We 've decimated their numbers and left them nowhere to go .
tr	NN	" As far as I 'm concerned , that makes my books a success . "
tr	NN	Satisfied with his cleansing , he slowly washed away the soap .
tr	NN	Anyway , Avalon had planted the seed and my mistrust and rebellion started to grow .
tr	NNS	She 's got summer classes . "
tr	NNS	chattered the birds around him .
tr	NNS	No man had ever overtaken her senses so much that just with his voice ; he brewed a sense of longing deep within her feminine core .
tr	NNS	They were guiding the canoes by the outline of the treetops on a dark sky background .
tr	NNS	But because needles helped me come back to life , the doctors jabbing all sorts of shit into me .
tr	NN	" I 'd gladly take credit if I deserved it .
tr	NN	They wreak havoc and cause misery and pain .
tr	NN	" You two want some ice cream ? "
tr	NNS	They herded the criminals through like cattle at an auction .
tr	NNS	' Your video only has three principle settings : a stage , a dance floor and a , err , beach .
tr	NN	They 'd used protection .
tr	NNS	Did he find victims , drain their blood , then bag it and keep it for future use until he found another victim ?
tr	NNS	" Vincent and I have been learning some new skills . "
tr	NNS	They exited the vans holding detection equipment .
tr	NNS	' It 's got dirty plates everywhere . '
tr	NNS	Ryland dropped onto it , fought for a purchase in the rain-soaked wood , slid a few inches before he caught himself .
tr	NN	" Can I play the piano ? "
tr	NN	When I touched it , my nipple , I mean , I noticed liquid coming out .
tr	NNS	Granddad had very old-fashioned notions about things , and he wanted me to know my place .
tr	NNS	Before Melanie could get the first one hooked , his hands gripped her biceps .
tr	NNS	The two of them set up mining operations just up creek of me .
tr	NN	He would rather suffer the Deity 's displeasure than lose her , and he would have lost her had she not reacted and protected herself .
tr	NN	Johnny executes a leg sweep , quickly taking Michael down to the mats .
tr	NNS	Everywhere in the room , people pushed back their chairs to stand .
tr	NN	Kicking my legs off the side of the desk , I gave him the quick and dirty version of events .
tr	NN	Chris had advanced up one stair above where Jake had stopped , and his left foot had sunken down much lower than it should have .
tr	NNS	He warily clasped her buttocks pulling her in closer as he nuzzled her neck .
tr	NNS	Illustrations dotted the pages with small captions explaining the pictures .
tr	NNS	In the half-light , my gaze fixes on my PA , but I don 't really see her .
tr	NNS	Through their fragrance Eleazar smelled darker scents : bitter salts and acrid spices gathered according to an ancient Essene text .
tr	NNS	However , many of them had heavy hearts when they were informed that Martinique had to remain unconsciousness after surviving hours of surgery .
tr	NNS	I deleted his twenty-three texts unread .
tr	NN	So instead , he just kept digging the hole deeper and deeper .
tr	NN	In a smooth , swift movement , she snatched up his dagger and sniffed .
tr	NNS	I was running errands , so I stopped by .
tr	NNS	Gus shifted positions to make himself more comfortable .
tr	NN	Skyler didn 't let the joy sweeping through her take control .
tr	NNS	Let 's have some personal remarks !
tr	NNS	" I need six cups of coffee .
tr	NN	Kelly and I can do a tasting with the caterers this week and decide on a menu . "
tr	NNS	I can always summon a few cowboys to help us out . "
tr	NNS	" The quartermaster is , at this moment , retrieving the two lost pages .
tr	NNS	I eat cow brains ' ? "
tr	NN	" I wasn 't keeping my counsel , Mother .
tr	NNS	Janelle hooked her palms under the mast .
tr	NN	" I betrayed my oath . "
tr	NN	I held the umbrella over him , wondering if there was anything I could do .
tr	NN	His face displayed a range of emotions with each new development in the story .
tr	NNS	She still hadn 't shucked his loneliness from that morning in his wretched castle .
tr	NN	Reaching across the aisle , Emma picked up the receiver .
tr	NNS	Dunk had his doubts .
tr	NNS	Led out into a hallway , Gray studied his surroundings .
tr	NNS	The next morning Case met Scores at the Comfort Café .
tr	NNS	I mean little critters falling into the mixture , drowning and dying in it made it taste better . "
tr	NNS	Then he got his compass out and began heading north .
tr	NNS	She was sneaking drugs out of the clinic practically before they even got there . "
tr	NN	Alaric indicated a blue knob which protruded from the wall on his right .
tr	NNS	Just when I thought I had him figured out , he defied my attempts at categorization .
tr	NNS	Hands shaking , I sheathed my blades .
tr	NNS	People pay some pretty big bucks to get the top of the line miners running .
tr	NN	She stole a peek at Fin dressed in a kilt .
tr	NNS	Besides , Corrine has been advocating human rights in this island since she got here .
tr	NNS	I shove the items into the trunk and head back to the farmhouse .
tr	NN	Hold the trench ! "
tr	NNS	Just as I contemplate going over , someone tickles my ribs from behind and I almost break an ankle jumping in my clown heels .
tr	NN	A heavy pounding on the door made her groan .
tr	NN	" Lady , you take the cake !
tr	NN	He wouldn 't take away her joy .
tr	NN	" I never said jack about me being braver than anybody .
tr	NN	She didn 't mean any harm . "
tr	NN	I ignored his skepticism , wagging a warning finger at him .
tr	NNS	Roku read off some numbers and Dormer made a small black X with a pencil , not too far from the Dome 's location .
tr	NN	The man had a long unkempt beard tucked into the blanket around his neck .
tr	NN	He grabbed the giant decorative knob and pulled .
tr	NN	My mother I could see had the Hulk well in hand and he was happily stuffing his face with cookies and slurping down his milk .
tr	NN	We even installed electricity here in the passageway .
tr	NNS	When she didn 't move , he positioned his palms , one over the other , on her heart and locked his elbows .
tr	NNS	We ate cold biscuits and sorghum in silence .
tr	NN	Out of the corner of my eye , I catch a glimpse of Nathan and Daisy standing in the hallway on the opposite side of the den .
tr	NNS	After a few bites they shoved their sandwiches aside and brought out the paperwork .
tr	NNS	The flock wheeled and came back , then settled to the ground a hundred yards away .
tr	NN	Her blond hair was so light , it shone platinum in the sunlight streaming through the many windows .
tr	NNS	Gimli gazed with wide eyes for a while , as step by step the figure drew nearer .
tr	NNS	" I haven 't heard any complaints . "
tr	NNS	" Can I have the two dollars you owe me ? "
tr	NN	Somewhere close she had a cache , but ... She turned in each direction , trying to throw off the exhaustion in preparation for battle .
tr	NNS	Susan was keeping drugs in this salon .
tr	NNS	She held her sandals over one shoulder .
tr	NN	I spit a mouthful at him .
tr	NN	They call the bartender over and he places the four shots in front of me .
tr	NN	We passed a ramp leading to a door .
tr	NN	Dreams usually had that effect on me , and I hated it .
tr	NN	After she finished catching her breath , she got the vest and went to do her roadwork .
tr	NN	She gave him a tiny shrug .
tr	NNS	Most of us at Mercy had tales like that .
tr	NN	But he 'd seen Reed 's motorcycle parked outside the apartment .
tr	NNS	The explosion tore the wires off of her wrists and blasted her even higher into the sky .
tr	NN	But I took my punishment and made the best of it .
tr	NNS	Clay hooks his thumbs in his pockets , coming around in front of the desk again , starting to pace .
tr	NN	He let out a groan .
tr	NNS	" Ah , yes , I 'll give up my powers so you can kill me .
tr	NNS	Rachel and I chugged our first beers while we checked out the crowd .
tr	NNS	" Anyone see the attackers ? "
tr	NN	He touched a branch .
tr	NNS	I heard no shal ow breaths or rapid heartbeats .
tr	NNS	I ran various scenarios through my mind .
tr	NNS	Mathilda had brought two ghosts with her .
tr	NNS	Once that chore was done , I made motions to go back to Tucson .
tr	NNS	" Pull the wires off her !
tr	NNS	As the satellite honed in over the battlefront , the Empire 's soldiers launched 100 cluster bombs into the sky .
tr	NNS	He had earned his four hundred bucks .
tr	NNS	But our minds may get nearer . "
tr	NN	His hand , which rested upon the window ledge , held his whip .
tr	NNS	She and Gary didn 't share a single trait -- except for -- no , they couldn 't show him their Tempest marks .
tr	NNS	Both were carrying coffee cups .
tr	NN	The whole " things can only go up from here " concept hadn 't made my acquaintance yet .
tr	NNS	" If I have read my tales enough .
tr	NN	I want liver and potato in chili sauce and lamb fried rice . "
tr	NNS	Then , while the woman went down the dark stairs with the crying , he lured his cats and slammed the chamber door behind him .
tr	NNS	" Takes more than four wheels to be a car . "
tr	NNS	They grabbed two extra chairs from the single man 's table .
tr	NN	" I 'm waving the white flag . "
tr	NNS	He could feel the stares and the resentment , and he knew he had been terribly wrong .
tr	NN	She had faith ... The door opened and Carol whirled around , surprised to realize it was so late .
tr	NN	After an uncomfortable silence , Tim asked , " Have any of you even handled an assault rifle before ? "
tr	NN	Sean grabbed a young oak branch and jerked it off the tree .
tr	NNS	I was wearing a white linen sundress that was a hand me down but still so beautiful .
tr	NN	I got the impression that she was deciding whether to tell me more , so I sat there quietly , while she thought it over .
tr	NN	They 're pulling a large wooden wagon with a black-haired man in the driver 's seat .
tr	NN	Kramer raised a pistol of his own .
tr	NN	His voice had a desperate quality and sounded a bit like a boy whose puppy had been run over by a car .
tr	NN	" I ordered an extra cheese pizza , light on the sauce .
tr	NN	Reaching for her hand , Anthony gave it a tight squeeze .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness you 're on time .
tr	NNS	He wiped his sweaty palms on his jeans and took a deep breath of the night air .
tr	NNS	I need some medications . '
tr	NN	Todd shifted in his chair , moved the receiver from one ear to the next .
tr	NNS	" Don 't eat the vegetables or salads , no matter how nice the hotel is . "
tr	NN	Instead , I gave his cock an awkward stroke , then frowned when my fingers dragged on his skin and he winced .
tr	NN	" From assistant to buyer in just a few months .
tr	NN	His lips brushed her temple .
tr	NN	Despite the terror that thing inspired , I still felt an overwhelmingly protective urge to help Sydney .
tr	NN	Sitting on top of his head sat a golden crown .
tr	NN	And oh yeah , he 'd made an obscene fortune cranking out prescription drugs from his private lab .
tr	NNS	They heard the noises of a chair being ripped from the wall and placed into the open .
tr	NN	Kaylie assessed Danica 's outfit .
tr	NN	' That 's it , she provides leadership . '
tr	NN	It sickened the man immensely but he did not allow such to show outwardly .
tr	NNS	" What gives humans rights ? "
tr	NNS	" Madam , please accept my deepest apologies that you were kept waiting .
tr	NN	It only went a quarter of the way .
tr	NN	In that instant , Dean snapped his pencil in his bunched hand .
tr	NNS	It had taken two trips to get everything out of it .
tr	NN	The kid hit the nail with confidence ; this wasn 't his first time building .
tr	NNS	" God knows our hearts .
tr	NNS	He squeezed pockets and turned her boots upside down .
tr	NN	It gave me a slight shudder , which I ignored , as I snuggled into his side while we walked .
tr	NN	Try your trickery with that sword .
tr	NN	I would not have known sorrow . "
tr	NNS	Slipping her hands under his t-shirt , she felt the hardness of his flesh and the tenderness of his lips .
tr	NNS	Kerri could see the movements and hear the sounds that were associated with a hockey game .
tr	NNS	You can lock yourselves in , and I 'll come back for you when I find out what 's going on . "
tr	NNS	" I can see the wheels turning in your head . "
tr	NN	If his chest weren 't moving up and down - Nicole stopped pacing and peered at Jake worriedly .
tr	NN	Alana used the lull in the activity to look around , and take it all in .
tr	NN	" Nurse , you 're wearing a patient 's uniform . "
tr	NN	The captain took the helm and pulled hard on a lever , conjuring a grinding noise from above them and causing the ship to sharply ascend .
tr	NN	" They have a task ahead of them .
tr	NN	I poked her playfully in the tummy .
tr	NN	If the explosion happened on Deck 12 then the elevators safety systems will stop all traffic down to or past Deck 11 . "
tr	NN	The white plantation shutters on the windows made a contemporary contrast against the black furniture .
tr	NNS	Once upon a time he had appreciated beautiful females tossing themselves into his arms .
tr	NNS	" Did you give them coins ? "
tr	NNS	Exiting the car , the smell of grilled meat teased my senses , making my mouth water and my stomach growl .
tr	NN	" Why can 't we be visiting a collection of ancient weaponry ?
tr	NN	He opened the file and removed its contents .
tr	NNS	Alain had seen the spectators , many of them children , on the banks of the river .
tr	NNS	As soon as I clapped eyes on the little fellow bobbing and puffing on the mat , I had my doubts .
tr	NNS	The waitress brought us three steaming pies surrounded by mashed potatoes and a moat of gravy and I soon forgot everything I was worried about .
tr	NNS	He 'll have those devils of the deep at his side , and the backing of endless Blood and Wolf gods at his call when she comes .
tr	NNS	If they 'd had a circle of friends as I did , would they have abused their powers in such a manner ?
tr	NN	She didn 't give the code to come over , but it didn 't matter .
tr	NN	" They had the bad timing to be delivering supplies when you showed up . "
tr	NNS	He patted his thighs .
tr	NN	" Can we increase contrast ? "
tr	NNS	She rehearsed little movements , slowly , thoughtfully , like an actress .
tr	NNS	This time , instead of fear , the idea of her death brought a strange poignant loneliness .
tr	NNS	" She does have two conditions though . "
tr	NNS	I kicked off my sandals and trudged down the sandy hill to the dark beach , sinking my toes into the chilly sand .
tr	NN	He grabbed a clean t-shirt from his open suitcase to wipe me , and then himself .
tr	NN	Anna , however , cracked her knuckles and stepped forward .
tr	NNS	Jacques patted his pockets , looked alarmed , than laughed softly .
tr	NN	He couldn 't get any nearer to the toy department .
tr	NNS	They were both fighting grins .
tr	NNS	You did drugs because it helped you forget and because it was easier to deal with life when you were high .
tr	NNS	Did the feelings and desires he pulled out of her mean nothing more than a physical act ?
tr	NNS	I 've given the mistress a few drops . "
tr	NNS	First they did twenty deep knee bends , then twenty knee squats and twenty push-ups .
tr	NNS	Besides , she had bigger issues to deal with .
tr	NN	" I seek your forgiveness .
tr	NN	Instead , she picked up the tablecloth and napkins and indicated that Wong precede her up the stairs .
tr	NNS	Instead , the beast licks its fangs and sits down .
tr	NN	" They 've very much accelerated the digging of underground sewage drains , to try to get the sewage into the Thames as quickly as they can .
tr	NNS	When she blinked , three shining tears left crystal tracks on her cheeks .
tr	NN	I wrote out a short little article for the weekend paper .
tr	NN	I definitely needed a sanctuary now .
tr	NN	Kathy now has a free babysitter , and I bought her a phone so I can video chat with him every day .
tr	NNS	Treebeard lifted two great vessels and stood them on the table .
tr	NN	I say goodnight to Mason and head off to bed .
tr	NNS	The next breath I inhale shudders in my chest .
tr	NN	Colin , going forward , I need full disclosure from you .
tr	NN	I stuck my boot against it and pulled , hoping the old lock might break , but it didn 't budge .
tr	NNS	" You 've got some coins of ours . "
tr	NN	I pulled the main clip out of her hair and let it fall down into the water .
tr	NN	He could feel the Jedi 's angst ; breathe it in , even in the vastness of space .
tr	NN	Then , reluctantly lifting her gaze from the impressive width of his shoulders , she met his burning black glare .
tr	NNS	He wasn 't remembering our meals together .
tr	NN	Jane tied a pink bandana around her head to keep her wispy brown hair from shedding while she worked .
tr	NNS	Alec saw the vampire 's shoulders tense at his words .
tr	NNS	He has subordinate wolves to protect him ; you 're alone . "
tr	NNS	Show some balls , old son , and do this for him .
tr	NNS	I pinched his ribs , and he grunted a laugh .
tr	NN	She received a cold glare for her efforts .
tr	NN	" Erin and I had a disagreement .
tr	NN	I twisted away , felt the breeze of it skim past my already bruised side .
tr	NN	the woman asked brightly , her breath a feathery white plume .
tr	NNS	Eddie holds her palms up and gently lays my backpack on the desk closest to the door .
tr	NN	He delivered his moans just for her to catch .
tr	NN	I remembered my last hallucination .
tr	NN	What do you mean my potential ? "
tr	NN	Bill the Beetle Man could use an assistant - " " You can 't do that , " I said , exhaustion making my voice sharp .
tr	NNS	One by one , they 've found the artifacts , and now , only the dagger is left . "
tr	NN	He entered inactive mode -- sensors on maximum alert so as to waken him at the least provocation .
tr	NNS	She heightened her senses , probing gently for the latent currents in the lamp .
tr	NNS	" Well you should take better chances . "
tr	NNS	That alone spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	I don 't get any texts .
tr	NN	It didn 't breathe or pant , the growls had a mechanistic quality .
tr	NN	But Sheila had the password to end all passwords : she had the CEO 's entrance key .
tr	NN	I didn 't like his condescending attitude .
tr	NN	It took massive , collective spell craft ... and all the time we were fighting off the Protectors . "
tr	NN	He indicated the wad of money .
tr	NN	He didn 't mention an appointment . "
tr	NNS	" No , I 've been eating my meals cold because the microwave and stove don 't work . "
tr	NNS	He could now see the remaining mines around him ; he could see magick .
tr	NN	She devoured the burger while Nathan sat watching her and giving her all the time she needed .
tr	NNS	" I , ah ... " As if he sensed her dilemma , he said , " Soren has all the necessary bank cards . "
tr	NNS	No one had peeled away the layers and no one had kept on digging to get beneath the playboy facade .
tr	NN	Did you rush home , mud splashing like in the movies ?
tr	NNS	You gave them those ships to keep us safe ! "
tr	NN	Jordan dropped the cattle brand and grabbed his gun , pointing it directly at Deborah .
tr	NN	He felt a prick of intense dislike for the man .
tr	NN	Kaylee had an urge to move forward and run her hand across that skin .
tr	NNS	We will overrun their armies and kill the false king before he has a chance to savor his victory .
tr	NNS	" I have a few floors for you to scrub . "
tr	NN	" Pass the shoe through the cloth and you 're less likely to topple over and fall on your ass . "
tr	NN	Maybe he started cheating on me because I wasn 't like them ?
tr	NN	Thank god I remembered to put it back on the right hand , rather than the left .
tr	NNS	I 've shortbread biscuits , Meara , and the jasmine tea you 're fond of . "
tr	NNS	Acre had more layers than an onion .
tr	NNS	Beverly drew two cards , made a pair with one and tossed the other into the center .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen what his wishes could do ... watched as he twisted desires and played with the lives of humans .
tr	NN	said the first troll . '
tr	NN	They won 't want the publicity , and by the time the politicians put the pressure on ... " " Yes , Arthur .
tr	NNS	You needed tricks up your sleeve .
tr	NN	She headed down the ridge , eager to reach the city .
tr	NN	I set my backpack down on a narrow , Tiffany 's suede bench by the front door , and tossed my trendy pilot 's jacket on top .
tr	NN	" Isn 't all the blood a dead giveaway ? "
tr	NNS	I had already pulled up the directions for the FBI office .
tr	NNS	With a gloved hand , I polished the rough boards until I could read what my father had written .
tr	NN	With a reluctant sigh , he pulled the motorcycle over and took the cell phone out of his pocket .
tr	NN	Edward lowered the curtain and returned to Corinne .
tr	NNS	Now she only had a few more payments before she would have paid him off .
tr	NNS	Ani lit some candles and switched off the light .
tr	NN	A cold tingle ran down Della 's spine .
tr	NN	Acheron took her interruption in stride .
tr	NN	" I can sell the farmhouse .
tr	NN	Taking deep , slow breaths , I fought the prickling behind my eyelids by counting to one thousand by tens .
tr	NN	Our adventures own the distinction of uniqueness . "
tr	NNS	Silver keys shot through the air , along with silver plastic and glass , the ruins of what was once a valuable prize .
tr	NNS	I had no other directions to go in my questions so I just pressed on .
tr	NN	He had missed their Sunday appointment and now she was here .
tr	NN	What fruits could it possibly bear ?
tr	NNS	And I have some pink and green ribbons left over from a dress I made for Haley .
tr	NNS	Red pads covered the floors and lined the walls , and there were large punching bags placed throughout .
tr	NN	But in any event he cannot access his pension for another year , by which time he will not need it .
tr	NNS	The Inquisition had confiscated all magical texts long ago , locking away or destroying anything that could be used to banish demons .
tr	NNS	The maids resumed their chores , paying no attention to Caitlin .
tr	NN	I felt his tongue flick lightly against mine and my fingers curled into his T-shirt in response .
tr	NN	His arm curled around my waist , shifting us back so the three , large vampires could fill the foyer .
tr	NN	She made the transition from dock to plane easily and was astonished that she 'd allowed his warnings to fill her with dread .
tr	NN	She had a notepad and pen .
tr	NN	Yet the spirits were destroying her fragile faith .
tr	NN	Cautiously , he turned the doorknob and gave a light push and the door swung outward about a half an inch .
tr	NN	All he 'd done to disguise himself was don an archetypical uniform and I hadn 't even recognized him until second glance .
tr	NNS	This world was sounding more dreadful by the minute .
tr	NN	I 'm building up an immunity to this boy .
tr	NNS	He pulled out the cards and began dealing .
tr	NN	" Michael has made a claim against Jared for the death of his earthen son , Isaac . "
tr	NNS	He grabbed the shovels and flashlight from the backseat .
tr	NN	Apparently , they didn 't have the code for the electronic deadbolt .
tr	NNS	" I had the funds and quit calling it a gift .
tr	NN	I don 't even know the Man , although he does occasionally pay my bills .
tr	NN	" Please do what you can , " Lindy added her own plea .
tr	NN	I had only a brief glimpse of another lilac dress as Abby zipped out of the living room and down the hall .
tr	NNS	Because she is a wolf and people can 't have wild wolves as pets . "
tr	NN	It requires less juice to send mental energy , which results in a person being driven like a meat wagon .
tr	NN	Now ... " I blow out a mouthful of air .
tr	NNS	Brittany , Betty , and several of the more traditionally feminine girls were sharing their fears of the upcoming journey .
tr	NN	" We have a large collection of videos .
tr	NN	I even had a shopping cart involved for a bit . "
tr	NN	At this announcement , someone lit a nearby candle and several other women clustered around Elena 's cot , their expressions filled with curiosity .
tr	NNS	You 'll see two rock-climbing helmets hanging on the wall .
tr	NN	The Blue Jester has his own crushing handful of the Gold Jester 's costume .
tr	NNS	I cannot by my strength keep the nightmares away .
tr	NNS	Brown hair hung limp and shaggy on his shoulders , looking as if it hadn 't been washed in days .
tr	NN	When I turned to look up at Matt , he was rubbing a hand towel under his sweaty pits .
tr	NNS	But we also have five other observers working at the same time looking into your past . "
tr	NNS	He 'd only shared bits of his background .
tr	NNS	" Your salary will be fifteen hundred dollars a year if you come into my office right now . "
tr	NN	Filling post boxes with bees just wasn 't fulfilling our potential , and so we applied here to become the best .
tr	NNS	More people were surrounding the fires by the times we made it to the top of the hill .
tr	NN	Jacob followed the waitress as she pointed to the empty table for two in the back .
tr	NNS	Dylan and I exchanged cell numbers and he brushed several light kisses across my lips before I walked away .
tr	NN	In the old days , each clan had a specialized task .
tr	NNS	Both sides suffered heavy losses .
tr	NN	At least she had an attractive package to show prospective employers .
tr	NNS	said Rufus to Bahl Bazaar .
tr	NNS	Now they had their attackers in a vise .
tr	NNS	He gathered up the cards and shuffled , looking at me expectantly .
tr	NN	I had the misfortune to see it happen with my own eyes . "
tr	NNS	They traveled up cobblestone roads halfway up the hillside to the palace .
tr	NN	Besides , Mr. Neville 's suave demeanor screamed rake and scoundrel rather than incurable romantic , which was what she would need .
tr	NNS	She has a High Demon 's marks on her neck .
tr	NN	Thank goodness it 's a par 3 so the agony will be over all the sooner .
tr	NN	" The exterior skin can only take so much punishment . "
tr	NNS	" And neither do ghosts . "
tr	NNS	we could have centuries together .
tr	NNS	We laughed and started up the bleachers .
tr	NN	" Not an option . "
tr	NNS	She threw open the flaps .
tr	NNS	" Alright , he is probably accessing our systems to see where the pair is as well .
tr	NN	" The president of the Congo has asked our president for help . "
tr	NN	In her closet , Rachel found a trapdoor to the crawlspace under the house .
tr	NNS	Were they making babies , as demanded by Gilgamesh ?
tr	NN	Basically , they used your technology and ideas to create war machines .
tr	NN	In fact , tonight after the party , I will visit all ten of them and even sneak one of them some cake . "
tr	NNS	With feelings of fear and concern the village women quickly gather their ingredients and start cooking .
tr	NN	I need status on Project Iris from all departments .
tr	NN	I open the nearest dresser drawer , grab a pair of thick flannel pants , and shove them in her hands .
tr	NN	" Oh , would you just stop whining ?
tr	NNS	Reluctantly he agreed and made arrangements to pick her up around 3 pm .
tr	NNS	You lost all your Shifter pets . "
tr	NNS	He paused his movements and glanced down at the ring on his left hand .
tr	NNS	But she also had pink and purple rubber bands in her braces .
tr	NN	But I can see the fork .
tr	NN	She didn 't miss the skepticism in his voice .
tr	NNS	The size of him stretched her abilities to take him in , but she gave it a try .
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat that I 'd been fighting since I got in my truck this morning and headed out of town .
tr	NN	He flicked open the file and pulled out a sheet .
tr	NNS	" I understand your positions .
tr	NN	he pulled his lightning rod from his belt and held it out .
tr	NN	" She gave up custody when Grace was born . "
tr	NNS	If the property sells for seventy-five million , after you pay off the mortgage , you 'll net twelve and a half million dollars .
tr	NNS	Since this was the time of the long days , the building chief had two crews working .
tr	NNS	I set the wheels in motion before I checked out what you 'd said . "
tr	NNS	We don 't have the experts here to question him . "
tr	NN	He escorted me out to his car , a heavily used station wagon that smelled faintly of old cigarettes .
tr	NN	Forte could feel the effect of the sleep deprivation .
tr	NNS	As he blinked , though , I could just make out sparkles of green , adding depth , complexity .
tr	NN	He had a towel over his head so I don 't think he saw me .
tr	NN	She hadn 't chosen her favorite swimsuit to make Luc forget those females she was now convinced he must have left behind .
tr	NNS	He lowered his wineglass as if nothing was amiss , and reached for his fork .
tr	NN	Just pop your trunk and I 'll get inside and close it . "
tr	NNS	You can surely use the same techniques in transferring one safely to an android body .
tr	NN	I yanked out my .45 , pushed Lola out of the way , and hugged the wall .
tr	NN	Not even the bacteria in the soil can survive a catastrophe like that .
tr	NNS	The rooms had swipe cards instead of keys .
tr	NN	Dean 's mother , Billie , even coordinated the party menu with Anais and which dress she should wear .
tr	NN	She nodded her head passionately , gazing at the gown and running her fingers along the trim .
tr	NN	She twisted her doorknob .
tr	NNS	' I 've sent Hubert several samples of blood from other immortals in the last few years . '
tr	NN	And it sure as hell bought protection .
tr	NNS	They ignored the shots and stepped back from the river to communicate with each other .
tr	NN	And put your faith in Gregori .
tr	NNS	She blocked out her surroundings , the distant noises , even the worried parents who loomed over her .
tr	NN	" I left the lawyer with his mouth wide open and followed you .
tr	NNS	* * * Kate greeted the dogs and Midnight as she walked in the door .
tr	NN	Why do you have a vest ?
tr	NNS	" These are a few commonly accepted greetings when welcoming someone to your place . "
tr	NNS	" I do have business skills .
tr	NNS	" You were listing your losses .
tr	NNS	In fact , I spotted several folks who had to be Mythos students , judging from their pricey clothes and expensive jewelry .
tr	NN	He was carrying a small white cloth and he climbed between my legs and proceeded to clean me up .
tr	NNS	He studied the data , reviewed his options and made and unmade decisions .
tr	NN	He covered a yawn as he entered his own cabin .
tr	NNS	I could hear some noises like running water and footsteps , but that was all .
tr	NNS	And he always wore black suits .
tr	NNS	The dog killer ignored your marks before . "
tr	NNS	She loves the babies but just never ever wants to carry them again .
tr	NNS	I have many fathers .
tr	NN	The general would curse the airplane again .
tr	NN	" Painter , could we use your tool to take a photo of the writing on this side of the jar ?
tr	NN	Hazel brought a quite unpleasant aroma with him as a result of his experiments .
tr	NN	Yep , complete disaster .
tr	NN	" I can see no objection to it .
tr	NNS	He did notice four large dome-shaped buildings spaced evenly around the circle of the city center .
tr	NN	The Guardian tapped the pilot on the shoulder .
tr	NN	We 've got a disaster in the making . "
tr	NN	I mean down the block from his own trailer house anyways . "
tr	NNS	Len 's mother untied my ribbons and combed my hair , urging Bess to take one of the dresses in the wardrobe at the same time .
tr	NNS	" You have fangs . "
tr	NN	What garbage could we have generated in our short stay that would produce that faint , unpleasant odor ?
tr	NNS	" Where did you hear sisters talking about Egwene 's capture ? "
tr	NN	I don 't have a curfew anymore . "
tr	NNS	I was shoving crates around , looking for the proper size .
tr	NN	Leaves and debris skid down the pavement , blow past me .
tr	NN	" We can expect a stampede of redskins on pinto ponies ? "
tr	NNS	He 's also lacking any stripes on his carapace , so he 's either young or incompetent .
tr	NNS	He had filled several pages of his log with his triangular diagrams and calculations .
tr	NN	" When we first heard the transmissions from Charon , we recognized the language , immediately .
tr	NN	Eventually we both had satisfied our hunger and were ready to move on .
tr	NN	" I have a hat collection . "
tr	NNS	After the police left , Mr. Fitzgibbon set up an air mattress for me in Jenna 's room .
tr	NN	When their numbers grew , they dominated the universe .
tr	NNS	With her right hand , she positioned the shears .
tr	NNS	We all gave her awkward hugs and then she exited the house .
tr	NN	George let out a hearty yawn .
tr	NNS	People have different abilities , different capabilities .
tr	NN	Besides , we should probably respect his privacy , although he never really respects my privacy .
tr	NNS	I flipped down the goggles , and waited a moment while they flared blue , and then saw the image resolve .
tr	NNS	She felt the coolness between them right away as he responded .
tr	NNS	" You have balls , Warden .
tr	NN	She grabbed a soft cloth , patted her face , and shook her head at image of herself in the mirror .
tr	NN	Perhaps you should take up an instrument . "
tr	NNS	" You recovered my shops ? "
tr	NN	' I had the impression , the true dragons all lay dormant , their time having passed ? '
tr	NN	' He 's got a split personality ? '
tr	NN	I could practically sense the Elder 's hunger .
tr	NN	How had she found his article so fast ?
tr	NNS	We didn 't even get our extra abilities until we started changing into humans .
tr	NNS	She separated the candles in order to lay down the book .
tr	NNS	They will send all the data from the Erudite computers to the other faction computers .
tr	NN	With one last ditch effort , he snatched a branch with his good arm and reached up for my hand with his bad one .
tr	NN	The fact that Sole was defending while he floated around helplessly only caused him more angst , which kept him blown up to the max .
tr	NNS	When they reached the sorting office they threw the remains of lunch in the yellow street bin outside .
tr	NNS	Kate handed the reins of her horse to Caroline who had come up to the school .
tr	NNS	After this review , we 'll have bigger crowds .
tr	NNS	Call all your wolves .
tr	NN	I pulled off his big t-shirt that I was wearing and stood there before him , completely bare .
tr	NNS	Darkness unleashed other senses , too .
tr	NN	He 'd been wearing a black cap , but that ... that was only a memory or a stress-induced hallucination .
tr	NN	Once we realized what they were really doing , we put a plant inside the facility .
tr	NN	Dirt encircled the coffin like a walled city .
tr	NNS	" Your mother ... when she 's not on her medication , she has these mood swings .
tr	NNS	Touched her insides with danger all around them .
tr	NNS	Ryland watched the data flashing over the screen at a rate he couldn 't follow but even while talking , Lily seemed to be computing it .
tr	NN	They 'd saved her some pizza and wanted her to hurry so they could see a movie .
tr	NN	I allowed the assistant to guide me to the low couch and collapsed onto its welcoming surface .
tr	NNS	Hopefully , though , anyone watching for us would be checking the southern routes out of Paris .
tr	NNS	' So , slim chances -- but not impossible . '
tr	NNS	" Have you found any connections between the women ? "
tr	NNS	" Remember those batteries the Deviant found ? "
tr	NNS	But he had shared no suspicions of a serious threat .
tr	NNS	Nick swept away the cut hairs from the back of my neck and told me to look at myself in the bathroom mirror .
tr	NNS	I glimpsed two figures running towards a dilapidated building off the road .
tr	NNS	The Fuhrer wasn 't taking any chances with his or Anna 's safety .
tr	NN	Then you can make your fortune and retire ! "
tr	NNS	All you do is tell lies !
tr	NNS	Bring out your empty pages ! "
tr	NN	" Don 't walk off the rooftop .
tr	NNS	Even little Lilly , who normally remained composed , counted issues on her fingers .
tr	NN	Presently , he made a fine adjustment in the controls .
tr	NN	The concierge let out a yawn on the other end .
tr	NNS	He pulled aside the folds of his kilt , and no , he wore nothing beneath it .
tr	NNS	The quiet , almost casual , statement left her breathless .
tr	NN	" As far as I know , she 's double-checking the Uranus aspect for the station .
tr	NN	Weil recognized the drug 's effect in slurred words that spilled without reservation .
tr	NN	Professor had about finished his history lesson when they finally reached the edge of town .
tr	NNS	Can they put their personal issues behind in order to get to the bottom of this ?
tr	NNS	No other magician had accomplished the tricks she had perfected .
tr	NN	He lets his finger linger on the tattoo that represents eternity .
tr	NN	Ashe pointed to a beach marker roughly a tenth of a mile away .
tr	NNS	He lifted her thighs , wrapping them around his lean hips .
tr	NNS	Megan inhaled the refreshing coolness , it felt so good , intoxicating , a promise of life .
tr	NN	Then I made a file for him , and he started to smooth them out .
tr	NN	Our nation needs new and strong leadership .
tr	NN	" Are ye a knight ?
tr	NNS	The men at the table threw their cards down in disgust , then stood up and left .
tr	NN	The thick cream carpet matched the houses color scheme .
tr	NN	At first , only silence met my admission of guilt .
tr	NNS	Guilt gnawed my insides .
tr	NN	" Then hand that backpack to the werewolf waiting outside the Funky Panda Chinese Restaurant .
tr	NNS	They visited the three canoe houses on the island as well .
tr	NN	To avoid wearing down her battery , he turned off the ignition and passed her the car keys .
tr	NNS	When she was sure of her footing , she collected the dishes and patiently made her way toward the kitchen .
tr	NNS	From the periphery of his vision , he spied three small figures approaching from the right .
tr	NN	She shoved the cart alongside Susannah 's .
tr	NN	I suppressed a shudder .
tr	NNS	Now , we have a few formalities to sign off before we can start .
tr	NNS	I just need some baking supplies and fresh fruit . "
tr	NN	Checking to make sure nobody was around , he opened his backpack and produced his hooded sweatshirt , which he had stuffed inside .
tr	NNS	Sickness stalks the rear areas like a ravenous beast .
tr	NNS	The others on the road paid little heed to Jason .
tr	NNS	At that moment , she envied their sleeping forms .
tr	NNS	She 'd never seen any cameras during her many visits .
tr	NN	As he ordered , he pulled my menu away and handed it to Viki along with his , and I noticed his voice sounded different , distant .
tr	NNS	The falconer knew his birds .
tr	NNS	" But they must have taken the millions with them who were willing to leave . "
tr	NN	He 'd face an onslaught of questions , an avalanche of curiosity , and plenty of rude , blatant stares .
tr	NN	And then he 'd heard that heart flutter , the one driving him mad for days .
tr	NN	The Carters hired a lawyer who advised them to plead guilty .
tr	NNS	Have you fitted your ships with new weapons , the black energy rays ? "
tr	NNS	No doubt she 'd sound beautiful sober .
tr	NN	" And you 've learned your very first lesson .
tr	NN	I shouldered my backpack and squinted .
tr	NNS	" To go get condoms from my apartment .
tr	NN	She fought back its urging to communicate , dominating it to do her will .
tr	NN	No other woman could do it justice . "
tr	NNS	" You will find these chairs in storage , though I do not know their exact location .
tr	NN	" You mean that stupid cliché , ' overrun second base and you 'll get in a legal case ' ? "
tr	NN	You have a speech to give ... I should probably let you go .
tr	NN	Have a slice . "
tr	NN	He dismisses my objection .
tr	NNS	The grainy picture was rattling along now , the buildings of the town centre approaching fast .
tr	NNS	She hasn 't been taught the basics . "
tr	NN	" Perhaps not a legal obligation but a moral one .
tr	NN	The bailiff called out the case and the judge asked the defendant 's plea .
tr	NN	He shoved a handful of long , thin blond hair out of his eyes and gave Diana a quizzical twist of a smile .
tr	NN	It portrayed Odysseus 's encounter with the sirens .
tr	NNS	Auron told the two scholars while facing the white masked stranger .
tr	NNS	We shrug off our backpacks .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't give up my constitutional rights when I moved in -- or , actually I probably did .
tr	NN	That earned him a slam into the wire mesh so forceful it cut the pattern into his skin .
tr	NNS	The silver journal in his hand bore his sweaty fingerprints , and he placed it back onto the shelf .
tr	NNS	" I could use a few crappy gold coins . "
tr	NNS	Please wait whilst I process your requirements . "
tr	NNS	He could run the schematics in the peripheral window of his helmet to avoid getting lost .
tr	NN	On the inside front of Samantha 's file was written a large black V .
tr	NN	I would like an in-room coffee maker , though . "
tr	NN	" Douglas , you scared Mama . "
tr	NNS	You 'll scrub floors if I tell you to . "
tr	NN	She made a vague gesture that reminded me all too much of the earl .
tr	NNS	A night duty nurse first noticed young Ronald 's first movements , leading to his eventual awakening from the coma .
tr	NNS	I followed his directions and moved up slowly .
tr	NN	Those who would dare challenge our mother 's throne .
tr	NNS	I 'd scrub floors if that 's what it came to .
tr	NN	If he 'd chosen to run for mayor , he 'd make a formidable opponent .
tr	NNS	" Because people who drive souped-up Camaros don 't sell magazines to help the poor . "
tr	NNS	The three closed ranks and trusted no one with their safety .
tr	NNS	I should have followed my instincts and sent her far from here when she was still a baby . "
tr	NN	Jazz could almost see the shrug .
tr	NNS	Friday morning Carol woke feeling rotten and couldn 't seem to force herself out of bed .
tr	NN	Deni saw the outrage in his eyes that he 'd been blindsided .
tr	NNS	What old piece of shit is calling the shots down there ? "
tr	NN	My reflection from the previous day didn 't hold a candle to what I was looking at now .
tr	NNS	I brought some apples along , and horses love apples .
tr	NN	He covered a yawn .
tr	NNS	Dr. Grant covered a few more issues and reassured Martin of his support in the coming days and then sent him on his way .
tr	NNS	We have our own plots .
tr	NN	I gripped the towel ; it was so squishy .
tr	NNS	" Kate would like to invite you three to join us for dinner , " he told the three teens on his way by .
tr	NN	Nick didn 't quite share Mark 's faith .
tr	NNS	She had doubts about how she fit into Zach 's world , and he into hers , had had those doubts from the start of their relationship .
tr	NN	She let out a moan without realizing it , and Chad quickly closed the gap between them .
tr	NNS	" The office makes its numbers whether we see somebody at each address or not .
tr	NNS	When she straightened up , she saw the scratches on the front door .
tr	NN	Hearing a yell I heard Griffin mutter , " what the hell this time ? "
tr	NN	She raised the shaft of broken wood with her left hand .
tr	NN	And then I saw the Queen , stumbling towards them , the child 's hand in hers .
tr	NN	Bernard 's Luck doesn 't even boast a boarding ramp .
tr	NN	I understood her reluctance to join me , however .
tr	NN	And I still have the MAV to modify before then , too .
tr	NNS	Swan had skills that baffled his playmates ; juggling stones and dancing on his hands seemed easy .
tr	NN	The words give me a joy I cannot contain .
tr	NN	Usually I have a little more self-control . "
tr	NN	To beg forgiveness for not being there for the funeral .
tr	NN	Iain let out a pained groan and squeezed his eyes shut .
tr	NNS	I don 't need any more mistaken judgments ; this whole story started because of that .
tr	NN	The young Eileen slapped her thigh in disgust while sighing , " Whatever !
tr	NNS	I love the folks in this town .
tr	NN	" I just felt a bit dizzy for a moment .
tr	NNS	He studied the pages .
tr	NN	The horde of freaks emerged down the highway , sprinting toward the warmth of the flames .
tr	NN	Mr. Winkler will lend us his condo in San Antonio .
tr	NN	He had his right arm resting on his right knee , and his other arm placed on the pillow beside him .
tr	NN	War really brings out the hunter and the killer in all of us , even if you were a good man at the start of it .
tr	NN	Dee recognized that growl .
tr	NNS	We occupied three apartments on the floor .
tr	NN	One of the monitors was running a clip from the Lon Chaney Jr. .
tr	NN	Again Rick inhaled a pinch of Dr. Johnson Snuff ; the menthol in it tasted foul , so early in the morning .
tr	NN	I feel the throbbing beneath the bandage and I focus on that , instead of the glossiness in her eyes and her quivering bottom lip .
tr	NN	His hand gripped the pistol at his side , and he shifted , twitching , seemingly contemplating trying to use it .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't stop the clocks for the whole world , but she would tame the square in order to help the woman .
tr	NN	I had the sudden urge to vomit all over the antique ottoman to my left , just to cause a scene .
tr	NNS	Moving targets are so much more fun , wouldn 't you agree ? "
tr	NN	I 'm medicating my depression and grief , remember ? "
tr	NN	He had a bouquet of fresh roses and had changed his clothes .
tr	NN	I felt an unexpected pang , like I 'd been hit in the stomach .
tr	NNS	" Will , if this is true , if he 's really gon na change them ... we 'll have such small numbers .
tr	NNS	Jack had spelled out the terms of any relationship with him right at the beginning and she had accepted them .
tr	NNS	Aidan activated a couple fire shields just as the claw pressed up against him .
tr	NNS	We will then , in a systematic way , store the data in a centralized data base .
tr	NN	And as the sun began to set again , I sank my dagger into his neck and he died , soaking me with his blood .
tr	NNS	Coach Miller got out tapes of the next opponent .
tr	NNS	He opened his preternatural senses when he kissed her again , but he detected nothing except warm , willing woman .
tr	NNS	Did you know the cavalry chaps ? "
tr	NN	For example , you take a famous scientist from our past - Aristotle , Leonardo da Vinci , even Isaac Newton .
tr	NNS	She observed her surroundings .
tr	NNS	" According to my information , Jackie , they found the boy 's fingerprints in the hotel room where she was killed . "
tr	NN	She retrieved the tin of cookies , shut the car door and hurried up the driveway and over to the front door .
tr	NNS	Maybe give him nightmares or put centipedes in his pillowcase ?
tr	NN	He led the mare over to the copse of trees that was the unofficial hitching post .
tr	NN	If you do not want the job , do not open the briefcase .
tr	NNS	Already , she was questioning my motives .
tr	NN	Damon pul ed her roughly back now , so that she had to look him in the face .
tr	NN	" I want independence ; a free world ; a world untouched by the outside . "
tr	NN	" What the hel is that thing ?
tr	NNS	When they kill a mother tiger , they leave her cubs behind to starve to death .
tr	NNS	He then submitted the data for processing and authorization .
tr	NNS	Holding them both at her wrists with only one of his hands , the other tickled her ribs until she cackled like a toddler .
tr	NN	I considered the possibility of the horse .
tr	NN	Joshua got a tea towel from a drawer and wet it .
tr	NN	- We 'll give her ice cream . "
tr	NN	I should 've had more faith in him .
tr	NNS	The first chamber contained bits of broken glass and pottery as well as the ruins of some old shelves .
tr	NN	We had quite a collection of crossed objects -- and these were not just ordinary items .
tr	NN	It gave him the option to leave his name and address so he did .
tr	NN	She had the most curious urge to run her hands over his chest , and briefly considered scooping up some salve as an excuse to do so .
tr	NN	" Then came the terrible ache of hunger .
tr	NNS	" So , you just steal someone else 's storage metals , right ? "
tr	NNS	At 97 years of age , he had no illusions ; he didn 't even know why he still existed .
tr	NN	" Such a dear servant this little bird of mine ; going before me to announce my anonymity .
tr	NNS	The lower city overpowered the senses .
tr	NNS	I could spit out a thousand retorts to that , but I have no energy for accusations .
tr	NNS	It took several attempts to get the cloth to stay on the wood while being poked through a narrow gap , but eventually it was done .
tr	NN	Because I don 't want some Italian cop pulling us over and busting our asses .
tr	NNS	" Most vampires carry their own supplies .
tr	NNS	Cole scanned the mixing bowls and ingredients spread across his counters , and the island covered in a dusting of flour .
tr	NN	He also had the peculiar sensation that perhaps the young girl changed her mind , overnight .
tr	NN	" Yes , you did , " I tell her sarcastically .
tr	NN	I appreciated the gesture and I could see in his eyes that he felt sorry for me .
tr	NNS	" It basically will provide computer systems , software , and support to surrounding businesses . "
tr	NNS	We all threw cushions at her !
tr	NN	She had no option now .
tr	NN	To rule a bold new era .
tr	NNS	Indians in the woods take shots at him .
tr	NN	Just the mention of the note brought a scowl to his face .
tr	NN	You keep your star and your guns , and we 'll get her a nice dumb horse .
tr	NN	" The slightest wind can blow the candle out . "
tr	NN	" This angers the shape-shifter Debbie .
tr	NN	When he awakened and was able to raise the mirror once again , it stood out a quarter of an inch from his head .
tr	NN	With a bang on the outside , I heard the woman shout , " Go ! "
tr	NN	So he grabbed his dressing gown and went down to investigate .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers , put on my running clothes , and headed downstairs to meet Ian .
tr	NNS	He slipped plastic covers over his designer shoes , and ducked under the tape .
tr	NN	Christian wiped a napkin over his mouth , sat back in his chair with a satisfied sigh as he pushed his plate away .
tr	NNS	This lift allowed the wheels to turn furiously without sending the car forward crashing into the shop wall as the revolutions climbed .
tr	NN	He did advance toward her , moving cautiously .
tr	NNS	But we do spend chunks of every winter with Rodrigo , and he comes to the States as frequently as possible . "
tr	NN	He had created a mini version of his study in the cell , for when he needed to spend time inside .
tr	NNS	A few seconds later , he pumped the gas and brake pedals with hopes of running some juice through the car before trying again .
tr	NN	Ec took a batch of the pastries out of the oven with a long , wooden paddle .
tr	NN	I had watched their little heads peer eagerly from the dark recesses before streaming out , one after another , to explore their world .
tr	NN	" We 'll need a can opener , too , " Judson said , " and the cat litter . "
tr	NNS	We just cut our losses and make another one ?
tr	NN	" I just had the strangest urge to go outside . "
tr	NN	" What the fuck was that ?
tr	NN	I 'd never had a gown like this before .
tr	NN	Every night since we left The Shade .
tr	NN	She threw the magazine down , and finally , the emotion came to her face .
tr	NN	Take your revenge for all womankind ? "
tr	NN	" Anyway , I ordered the prime rib because she would have liked you .
tr	NN	I had no proof but I felt pretty confident that both were taken in completely different countries .
tr	NN	He unfurled the old document and put it on the table .
tr	NN	I could hear the snorting of the horse and the clatter of his hooves .
tr	NN	Finding myself sprawled on the floor and gasping in huge amount of air , I could feel her digging around in my head .
tr	NNS	She investigated all the Circle members after the Uprising . "
tr	NNS	The Good Amazon has exposed many great authors .
tr	NNS	Jenny picked out the crystal knobs .
tr	NN	' Have they got a computer department ? '
tr	NNS	They brought vases of flowers with them ; they were placing them everywhere .
tr	NN	This time , they 'd watch a romantic comedy .
tr	NN	If I can succeed in this , then I may experience some measure of peace .
tr	NNS	Good morning students ! "
tr	NN	He remembered the sudden dryness of his mouth .
tr	NN	So maybe you should just accept fate and wear something pretty on the next full moon .
tr	NNS	Mop floors after hours and spend your days watching old tapes of yourself on TV ?
tr	NNS	We saw two figures walking up the darkened side aisle .
tr	NN	Tracey gave me another encouraging squeeze and then started to turn to leave , but I stopped her .
tr	NNS	With only half an hour to wait , Arlene did her closing chores and asked if she could go on and leave with Buck .
tr	NN	He remembered the swollen frame of the septic blistering when the fire swam across its dead flesh .
tr	NN	She 's testing your loyalty .
tr	NNS	Scarlett stumbled and smacked wooden boards , which swung wildly beneath her weight .
tr	NNS	Most wore standard black suits , more of the accountant variety than the Cadogan House variety , and they carried notepads or nondescript black bags .
tr	NNS	This side also had shelves but these were completely empty .
tr	NNS	" I 'll alert my teams to be on the lookout for strangers .
tr	NNS	I can almost see the wheels turning inside his head .
tr	NN	Crack , crack , crack , crack , crack , reported the rifle .
tr	NN	Johnny understood Christine 's agitation .
tr	NN	It crossed the heavy traffic and headed for the old man and the wounded woman running down the road .
tr	NN	When my lips pressed together in a grim line , he gave my hand a reassuring squeeze .
tr	NN	Okay , Lady Dandy has the range and can move your lawnmower generator to Hill for you . "
tr	NNS	I 'm holding all the cards . "
tr	NN	" But you never found the treasure , did you ? "
tr	NN	" Well , they 're covering every damn port in the habitat . "
tr	NN	He had almost completed a second spin before landing face first into the full animal trough with a loud splash and a strangled yelp of fear .
tr	NN	He must have been weighting the package and dropping it in a shallow spot between the islands , and the others were picking it up later . "
tr	NNS	I asked the twins .
tr	NNS	Save the formalities for the formal occasions .
tr	NN	Maybe even suggest a threesome with the love of Charles 's life .
tr	NN	All of the brothers gave that impression .
tr	NNS	We used our own powers of understanding and deep vision , and often the information handed down to us , as to what various images mean .
tr	NN	I 'd had only her welfare in mind , not anybody else 's .
tr	NNS	He gathered up her nightmares , allowing them to flow into himself .
tr	NNS	I had half the ingredients out of the fridge for my shake when I remembered her bag .
tr	NN	He recognized the material immediately .
tr	NNS	" See any Tanks ? "
tr	NN	A few trees occasionally punctuated the landscape .
tr	NNS	I can 't believe Anna is involved in this , she hasn 't got the brains for it . "
tr	NN	That explains the physique .
tr	NNS	Lauren covered the mattress with the waterproof pad .
tr	NNS	Katherine could already feel her palms getting sweaty .
tr	NNS	Roland reversed the engines and backed the trawler toward the sailboat .
tr	NN	I accepted my fate .
tr	NN	She tried the same argument with me already , boy .
tr	NNS	They had accumulated a few rags , bits of firewood , and other materials to insulate themselves against the cold .
tr	NN	" And it compromised respiratory function , aggravated hypotension and sent him into a coma .
tr	NNS	Chuck drove a few yards past the car and stopped .
tr	NN	He hadn 't remembered the trait from the parties he 'd escorted her to after their engagement .
tr	NN	The man gave him a thumbs-up .
tr	NN	Colonel Pry flashed his ID to the guard who told whoever he had been speaking to that he would call them back .
tr	NNS	" I won 't be granting any further interviews beyond this one .
tr	NNS	Bring me the compass ! "
tr	NN	Reaching up , she undid the clasp of her bra and tugged the undergarment free .
tr	NNS	She was using the resort 's spa pools after hours .
tr	NNS	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Dan had two younger sisters .
tr	NNS	Lukas and Elizabeth joined Lukas 's companions as they converged in the middle of the street .
tr	NNS	The EPA shut down nearly all the coal mines and the environmentalists shut down the lumber industry .
tr	NN	" We have an update from the Octagon .
tr	NN	She reluctantly surrender her flak vest , as did the others to the pirates .
tr	NNS	Now we can depart these brutal , rabid bears of children ... We can make for the warm lowlands .
tr	NNS	My hear trips in my chest .
tr	NNS	His library banks contained full data on sexuality .
tr	NNS	I 'd felt earthly and magical earthquakes , but the building 's detonation was a force of an altogether different magnitude .
tr	NN	Hunting also had a supernatural aspect : game was strongly influenced by the spirit world .
tr	NN	Absorbing the significance of the word meat , Monty felt his stomach twitch and suddenly wasn 't sure he wanted lunch .
tr	NNS	I heard footfalls from below mix with those from my sister 's room and she slammed my door open .
tr	NNS	Standing in the apex between the open door and the body of the vehicle , he surveyed his surroundings .
tr	NNS	They keep criminals there sometimes before deporting them to Idris to stand trial before the Council .
tr	NN	* * * Two hours later , after Ken had finished his own interview as the last on the list , the crew broke down the equipment .
tr	NNS	" I was dropping off the necklaces for the girls . "
tr	NNS	They had enough troubles without spending time in jail in Biloxi .
tr	NN	Somehow Lily couldn 't quite put aside the sensation that he was trying to overrun her , too .
tr	NN	I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NN	The Northeast and the West Coast were fast approaching the ninety percent rate that had been predicted .
tr	NN	I should take responsibility for her , give her all I can . "
tr	NNS	The rain stopped a little , murmurs and gasps spread across the field .
tr	NN	Aurelius moved his scanner across the blood .
tr	NNS	It took several ticks to determine it was my own .
tr	NN	He just took the dagger away and beat me , acting as though he wasn 't hosting a murderer in his house . "
tr	NN	She kept her face impassive and met Tarek 's gaze .
tr	NNS	" But we 're talking millions of years here ! "
tr	NN	I had an almost irresistible urge to lick that thick crimson liquid from my skin .
tr	NN	Kathleen resisted the urge to hop off the bar stool .
tr	NNS	We can even create special genius school clubs to bring them together so we can watch just what it is they can do .
tr	NN	Inside the Triton , Rachel felt a sudden searing pain slice into her head .
tr	NN	The band struck up a cheerful tune .
tr	NN	His parts pulled tighter , he strode a little taller , hit a little harder .
tr	NN	He found the Seon trunk beneath a pile of clothing : its lock was broken .
tr	NN	He shook the trashcan as he pulled it closer .
tr	NNS	The downstairs of his house held the Yorkshire Falls Gazette offices , while upstairs was his private domain .
tr	NN	Brandon resisted the urge to take Susan 's hand in his as they made their way up the walk to his cabin .
tr	NNS	They wore black suits and looked like government agents .
tr	NNS	With a sigh , he pressed his palms into his bloodshot eyes .
tr	NN	Bri felt her hands clench in defence of her mother .
tr	NN	Curious , I popped the cap off a tube of model glue and took a quick sniff .
tr	NNS	And each day brings more suicides . "
tr	NNS	I am now the Master of the Coven and as such , I have instituted several changes , most of which do not concern you .
tr	NN	And he made a quick gesture with his hand .
tr	NNS	" I infiltrated their offices .
tr	NN	Her brother had witnessed the execution .
tr	NN	" I barely clear my mind riding and it 's back to work . "
tr	NN	He fluffed his pillow and leaned back on his side , propped on one elbow .
tr	NNS	Julius could use the discoveries of Henry Abramson combined with his to create a cell size that was half the size with the same computational power .
tr	NNS	" He killed a deer last night . "
tr	NN	He scans my ID and then looks at my face , his pale blue eyes sparkling .
tr	NNS	They travelled the halls for nearly ten minutes before Aunt Marilyn threw her arms up in anger and stormed off , saying something about needing a drink .
tr	NNS	Lane said , " One million dollars to find my wife . "
tr	NNS	Alas , I had other obligations .
tr	NNS	I had visions of the old iron lungs used by polio victims before my own time .
tr	NNS	William whispered hoarsely , his beloved face only inches from hers .
tr	NN	It has the potential to become an ugly situation . "
tr	NNS	I acquired character references for Huw .
tr	NNS	Behind those crates . "
tr	NN	" And he has the dagger ? "
tr	NNS	We walked the final three blocks to the Carlson hotel after leaving the scooter leaned against a café railing .
tr	NNS	I picked up emergency troop movements from the inner planets toward Earth .
tr	NNS	Finding none , he followed his instincts .
tr	NNS	She wore the same white flip flops from yesterday .
tr	NNS	He had learned that hard truth centuries ago .
tr	NN	" Your Majesty , I take full responsibility for not properly training my charge . "
tr	NNS	They 'd collected all the ingredients from Laurel 's list , crushed them into a fine powder , and spelled it with magic .
tr	NNS	He and Coach are talking hoops and smiling so I park Pop next to them .
tr	NNS	Feathers look ultra-cool tipped in blue .
tr	NNS	But if he uses up any of mine I 'm cutting his balls off . "
tr	NN	unable to stand still , she started pacing back and forth .
tr	NNS	Books had been knocked off their shelves and strewn about .
tr	NN	The thought sent a shudder down her spine .
tr	NN	Brice 's lookout across the street witnessed the confrontation and was astonished .
tr	NNS	Do you follow its teachings .
tr	NNS	" Go four blocks .
tr	NNS	He felt the damp boards beneath him , stood up and helped Amy to her feet .
tr	NNS	Must be serious , the force would be wearing NATO helmets with dark visors , shin guards over black uniforms .
tr	NN	I recognized the latter from the Lord 's Prayer , but I found it ominous she would have excerpted those lines and nothing more .
tr	NN	Ellison let out a growl and headed for the front .
tr	NN	He had no helm , and about his head was a linen band stained with blood ; but his voice was loud and strong .
tr	NN	Isaac and I walk down a short stretch of hallway toward my dorm room and already I feel eyes at my back .
tr	NN	Needless to say , relatives of the white landowners called the Governor to request more extensive digging .
tr	NNS	Civic leaders praised his humanitarian efforts .
tr	NNS	Liam tossed two more canisters , closer to their own position .
tr	NNS	He had seen dragons enough in China , who without any captain or handler whatsoever behaved with perfect discipline , to know her defense was flawed .
tr	NN	Of course , oldest client , valued customer , but the fact is that uh .
tr	NN	He took over the gilded throne and let me fall to the wolves . "
tr	NNS	She could see the clips binding a bunch of papers .
tr	NNS	When they didn 't , I chucked the covers off the bed and stamped over to the door .
tr	NNS	Yet success didn 't always fill the gaps in a man 's life .
tr	NNS	That voice would cause arguments and Sam preferred to avoid confrontation .
tr	NNS	" You have issues with men ? "
tr	NNS	" You brought wolves into the house ? "
tr	NN	With that rope in place , we can 't stop the wagon even if we kill all of the horses .
tr	NNS	And who thought up those absurd little ducks ? "
tr	NN	With Kristina 's nod of dismissal he left the bedchamber .
tr	NN	Indeed , they 'd given her a reputation .
tr	NN	Reaching my hand out , I grab the hem of a pretty red dress and feel it between my fingers .
tr	NN	Taking a swig from the bottle , I savored the cool liquid as it slid down my throat .
tr	NNS	My heart skipped a few beats .
tr	NNS	Triton ignored Danielle 's wails .
tr	NNS	" I 'm scanning all sensors in Williams 's lab , trying to see if anything looks odd . "
tr	NN	They finished digging in silence .
tr	NNS	called suit as he scanned the surroundings .
tr	NNS	I racked my brains and tried to conjure up a picture of it in my mind .
tr	NNS	She picked up the soft sweats and held them to her face .
tr	NNS	I kissed the rope marks on her wrists .
tr	NNS	She closed her hazy palms around it , and the Book seemed to shudder .
tr	NNS	First , we cannot touch his pension funds without agreement from the Union that holds those funds .
tr	NNS	I ignored my mother 's remarks .
tr	NN	' Frying a pudding ? '
tr	NNS	This location has its good points and its drawbacks .
tr	NN	Breaking away from the gruesome picture Patch had painted in my mind , I recalled the feather I 'd found in the cemetery .
tr	NN	Won 't we , sergeant ? '
tr	NN	She could see a padlock touching her toes , but she still tried to free herself even as she knew there was no escape without the key .
tr	NN	Delilah whispered her plea again .
tr	NNS	Someone brought up the pros and cons of winter versus summer initiations , and I found my mind wandering .
tr	NN	He dropped his big backpack and scooped her into his arms .
tr	NN	He doesn 't like anybody in this hall who doesn 't have business here . "
tr	NN	He did the directing , suggesting a walk in the other direction .
tr	NN	" O.K. , Dad , " he said , " we 'll be expecting your wire . "
tr	NN	I will have your virginity within the hour . "
tr	NN	Their kicks and punches teaching her a lesson she had never forgotten .
tr	NN	I dropped the black dagger and raised my hands over my head .
tr	NN	Tied the rope around the banister and jumped .
tr	NN	At the bottom of the slope and to the right , a black sea divided the gray landscape ahead .
tr	NN	The footsteps hit the landing , then disappeared down the hallway .
tr	NN	You 've had an Army plant working here . "
tr	NNS	I mean the clients themselves are lawyers . "
tr	NN	I snuck a peek at him now and was a little disappointed that he was covered up .
tr	NN	His dark voice sent a throbbing sensation between my legs .
tr	NNS	She counted the items on her fingers and found them wanting .
tr	NN	I 'll give her the release you aren 't up to . "
tr	NN	But Jesus , Cole , you can 't take sole responsibility for saving every girl you meet .
tr	NNS	He felt her and her powers flowing through him , uniting them even closer than the intimacy of sex .
tr	NNS	Despite maintaining a low profile , they still found excuses to be alone together .
tr	NNS	He would take logical arguments and extend them in directions that no one else would have thought relevant .
tr	NNS	Only Rand could banish the emptiness and loneliness clawing at her .
tr	NN	" Why don 't you keep digging into Bird 's life .
tr	NN	I saw the butt of the gun too late to do anything to stop it .
tr	NNS	She felt feverish and faintly dizzy .
tr	NNS	The cliff of collapsing ash vented its own clouds of sulfuric gas .
tr	NNS	" But we will need more funds , Mr. Hayes .
tr	NN	" I want this truce to work .
tr	NN	He suddenly realized the error of his ways when the scent of musky perfume floated through the car .
tr	NNS	I shook out several blown-up photographs .
tr	NN	I can feel my father cringing in embarrassment .
tr	NN	The other two felt his defeat , and stopped what they were doing to follow .
tr	NN	The doctor had given her a walking boot , so at least she was slightly more mobile and able to enjoy our trip .
tr	NN	God , she needed a Tylenol .
tr	NNS	He gave me directions to the precinct on 67th Street , then hung up without saying goodbye .
tr	NN	He laughed self-consciously before continuing .
tr	NNS	Jacob , the team leader , shakes his head and radios back , " We don 't have night vision goggles . "
tr	NN	Five coffins ina row .
tr	NNS	And one of the women bore upon her shoulder the remains of a huge gray wolf .
tr	NN	We can attend the same function without causing a scene . "
tr	NNS	We hear the frequencies of sound that are normal to our environment .
tr	NN	You got a package here .
tr	NN	Balancing on one foot , he pulled off first one boot , then the other .
tr	NN	" You 've made some real improvement .
tr	NN	He paused a moment before catching Chris 's eye and telling him he 'd make a pirate out of him yet .
tr	NNS	Some even had their mouths open in awe .
tr	NNS	I flex my open palms over it a few times and give myself a stern talking to .
tr	NN	To prove his point , Peter took first one nipple and then the other between his lips .
tr	NNS	He had collected many artifacts that he favored over the centuries , and he was as protective of them as he was fond of them .
tr	NNS	Tom and Bob had both made jokes about learning to make love in near silence .
tr	NNS	I 've got some wild tales to tell .
tr	NNS	They had the Tribe outnumbered scores to one upon the island , with a billion more on every hillside , clamoring for gore .
tr	NN	She could see a faint resemblance to her uncle Tanto around the chin .
tr	NN	She sighed and brought her frame along his until every part touched and molded together .
tr	NN	We fell off the sofa onto the floor .
tr	NN	He was taking responsibility for Grace .
tr	NNS	I plotted the points to make sure I hadn 't missed any of the pitfalls I had come across during my last few hikes .
tr	NNS	You are disturbing the shoppers . "
tr	NN	Verity shoved the pillow aside , gasping for air .
tr	NNS	" He still has all the desires and urges of a fifteen-year-old boy .
tr	NN	These two deserved a lesson in manners , but if I taught it to them , I 'd be the one in trouble .
tr	NN	But can I ask a favor ? "
tr	NNS	As usual , this mirror wasn 't telling any lies .
tr	NN	Serena still grips her trident , so she thrusts it toward the wolf .
tr	NNS	" The warehouse has the trailers loaded .
tr	NNS	Carson sets his two packs on the floor and puts his hand to his chronometer .
tr	NNS	Both of them were wearing their leathers and looking mighty grumpy .
tr	NNS	Both of us take our goggles off to get a better view .
tr	NN	" But as they then turned their backs , Jane had made a bolt for it .
tr	NNS	Loud people , coming and going , and even louder vehicles , driving in and out aimlessly , sabotaged his efforts to get much needed rest .
tr	NNS	Gwen switched positions with her roommate and narrowed her eyes .
tr	NN	Then my dad put all these red fish in there , Red Oscars they 're called .
tr	NNS	Moisture soaked her inner thighs .
tr	NNS	Libraries filled his senses in ways that nothing else could compare .
tr	NNS	It housed the Science and Astronomy classes .
tr	NN	Pulling a wad of hundreds from his pocket , he approached the bouncer .
tr	NN	Boy Pinkerton , see to it our Merrow guests are given the best treatment . "
tr	NN	Joey , who was prone to saying little if anything at all , simply nodded his compliance .
tr	NN	More than the physical assault against him , Lara felt the subtle flow of something else .
tr	NN	She has a handful of grapes and offers me some as if we 're snacking and watching a movie .
tr	NN	It will strengthen your resistance .
tr	NN	All of my friends were getting the same treatment in comfortable seats around the stone lined room .
tr	NN	I ate the pigeon I found asleep on the roof .
tr	NNS	They ate their sandwiches and greasy fries in silence .
tr	NNS	Spencer quickly pulled out her emergency cigarettes and lit up .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to look down at it .
tr	NNS	The pups had been fed the choicest bits of squab and dishes of pigeon pie by every female there .
tr	NNS	As far as I could see he has two bodyguards there but the workers are migrant so I doubt they would get involved .
tr	NNS	I had my knives .
tr	NNS	" I 'll do the dishes .
tr	NNS	So he had the cameras installed as babysitters . "
tr	NN	We can steam every elf in their empire .
tr	NN	Maybe someday I can earn your forgiveness and be your father too .
tr	NN	When he came back out , he was carrying a riding whip and Evelyn gasped .
tr	NNS	While you two have been squawking , I 've been watching the deer following us .
tr	NN	You can use my pillow and just go right to sleep . "
tr	NNS	With her back to me , she made hand signals to the lieutenant before she spoke .
tr	NN	And of course you will all receive the rare dignified status of grade five heroes .
tr	NN	He had another fish in his hand , which he held out .
tr	NN	He points the pen in my face .
tr	NN	When she stood next to me , I showed her the basket .
tr	NNS	" No problem , " I promised fervently .
tr	NNS	" She had powers . "
tr	NN	The kid gave them all an egotistical smirk and sauntered back to the table .
tr	NNS	Carolyn nudged the onlookers aside .
tr	NN	After several minutes , Leopold pulled the needle from Jordan 's arm and taped a cotton ball over the hole .
tr	NN	I was thinking of telling them I ate some bad cake at your party and ran off in the night having hallucinations .
tr	NNS	" Take off the briefs , and sit down . "
tr	NNS	He had strapped two daggers to wrist sheaths before leaving the plane , prepared for an unwelcome homecoming to the land of his people .
tr	NNS	Julie quickly regained her normal cheerfulness .
tr	NN	She downed the liquid , and the flakes of metal it contained .
tr	NNS	" You don 't have four other cubs to take care of .
tr	NNS	What if a Fairy Godmother got hiccups or kept sneezing and it made her magic go wonky ?
tr	NN	If she were really an author , wouldn 't she welcome any publicity she could get ?
tr	NNS	" And she will also be allowed ten bodyguards .
tr	NN	He wore a Fu Manchu moustache .
tr	NNS	Once they knew that she 'd cheated on him , they 'd close ranks against her .
tr	NNS	For a Militia Warrior , you 've got balls . "
tr	NN	I popped the plastic off the phone , grabbed the piece of paper and stuffed it in my pocket .
tr	NNS	He threw back the covers and stumbled out of bed .
tr	NN	Less than a half hour later , a ferry docked , sounded its mournful horn , and unloaded its cargo of cars and bikes and walk-on passengers .
tr	NN	He was suffering a hallucination ?
tr	NNS	She slaps her thighs .
tr	NN	" Both are escorting the Queen to today 's meeting . "
tr	NN	A chill ran down his spine .
tr	NNS	What other positions have you held before you came here ? "
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon there .
tr	NNS	Vampires roam the sidewalks , scrounging through dumpsters , cars , buildings , hunting for blood .
tr	NN	With a sudden thought , he pulled open his desk drawer and found the photograph he 'd tossed in there two weeks ago .
tr	NNS	Behind them trailed two troopers .
tr	NN	Cheese was also offered , a rare delicacy in this kingdom .
tr	NNS	" Kill all your citizens .
tr	NNS	You can 't mix apples and oranges . "
tr	NN	He tucks a loose strand of hair behind my ear and then punches me in the face .
tr	NN	The air actually had resistance and pushed back at him .
tr	NNS	" Take a few slow deep breaths and just listen . "
tr	NN	The newcomer accepts his menu , which is a single-sided typed sheet in a plastic envelope .
tr	NNS	" So , Dad did have some doubts about Neil Osborne 's conviction all along ? "
tr	NN	He grabbed an extra pillow and stuffed it behind her head , so she would be more comfortable for the time being .
tr	NN	Dee picked up her fork and pushed the food around on her plate .
tr	NN	" Did you get revenge ? "
tr	NNS	" I 'm not taking any chances .
tr	NNS	" You 're telling me Alan Morris made dragons ?
tr	NNS	After ten long seconds , he spotted movement , fifty yards away .
tr	NNS	Seems he had significant ties to the Russian Mafia . "
tr	NNS	They have hazmat teams on the ground and they 're reporting that pretty much everyone is dead or dying within the city .
tr	NN	Julie set the pillow back on the couch .
tr	NNS	They had grand tales .
tr	NN	Libraries signified the most remarkable achievement of man .
tr	NNS	I sprinted the last few yards up the ramp .
tr	NN	Saruman has a tower on it .
tr	NNS	I could hear her flipping pages of some kind .
tr	NN	Full video and audio . "
tr	NN	I made the bargain to get her here , and now it 's done .
tr	NNS	" You better mark our cards for us , lad . "
tr	NNS	The soldiers storm the clearing , the villagers scatter , the twins set down the plates and fling themselves over the smoking feast .
tr	NN	" Mama wasn 't doing nothin ' except smokin ' cheese for a whole year . "
tr	NN	The universe doesn 't wear a wristwatch .
tr	NNS	He counted nearly a dozen cargo ships still in the calm bay , the water as reflective as mercury .
tr	NNS	I pulled the covers over her , and as I turned to walk away , she lightly grabbed my hand .
tr	NN	I catch a glimpse of Raffaele with a richly dressed noblewoman on his arm , but neither he nor Enzo acknowledges each other .
tr	NN	" I ... I have candy ! "
tr	NNS	Weir put down his cards and reached into his pocket .
tr	NNS	But we won 't give up , I have contacts and - ' I cut him off as Kaspar started walking towards me .
tr	NNS	You could take the wizards out of Unseen University , but you couldn 't take the University out of the wizards .
tr	NNS	The facility allows dogs , cats , and other domesticated animals inside the facility , so I thought I would bring him in to brighten her day .
tr	NN	I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NN	I push the blender away , promise myself that I 'm not going to go down this path again .
tr	NN	But I have the file with me and I have a fax machine in the back room .
tr	NN	He had cooked stew for dinner .
tr	NNS	" Now you said something ' bout twenty dollars .
tr	NN	She dashed into the bedroom and put on a pair of sandals , then raked a comb through her hair .
tr	NN	Her adrenaline would probably help her whip through the rest of her tasks in three minutes or less .
tr	NN	He wore a cap , dark sunglasses , long hair , and a heavy beard .
tr	NN	Clean and a little bit like the soap he used , and even more like himself , which was something warm and golden and healthy .
tr	NN	" You have quite the imagination ! "
tr	NN	But Nathan ignored the affectionate gesture , focused now on the bustling nightlife beyond the walls of his chateau .
tr	NN	Because in that darkness , she could see the full fury of Duncan 's stare .
tr	NNS	" A truck driver gave my mother twenty dollars to let him fondle me once . "
tr	NNS	Or should I call them , victims ?
tr	NN	He took the second boot and repeated the ritual : the smile grew wider .
tr	NNS	I didn 't see any similarities between us , besides our hair and eye color and webbed toes .
tr	NN	" Arrogant lawyer . "
tr	NNS	He had excellent French grammar skills , but the accent was most often mistaken for German or Dutch .
tr	NN	Not while Zack relished the task of changing her into a wild child .
tr	NNS	What happened to the man who attended these meetings just to relax and enjoy time with his friends ? "
tr	NN	" You drive a hard bargain . "
tr	NNS	My head went dizzy .
tr	NNS	Then she saw her helpers and forgot about the coat .
tr	NN	Gage scanned the menu and ordered the Cowboy Breakfast Platter .
tr	NNS	According to the building 's official records , the Garrett apartment had no safe and no storage lockers .
tr	NN	Some wanted a trial in their jurisdictions , with the chance of a huge verdict .
tr	NNS	He 'd gone through all my Buffy tapes , and I didn 't have Angel .
tr	NN	He easily located the - E - cluster of docking bays and searched for the fifties .
tr	NNS	Riley could practically see the wheels in his head turning .
tr	NNS	They 've killed cameras .
tr	NN	They have their distinctive style , whether they shuffle the deck and deal each other new jobs or not .
tr	NNS	Bryant and Nadia swiftly scooted their chairs next to mine , detecting the massive amounts of stress that filled my head .
tr	NN	Sebastian tried witty banter and even offered to throw food at guests .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes we do family trips to the beach . "
tr	NNS	Then he shook the reins and clicked his teeth and the sledge slid away .
tr	NN	His teeth nip my cl * t harder this time .
tr	NNS	" Lost birds ? "
tr	NNS	I avoid connections or ties , and focus on developing my fighting abilities and developing my Legacies .
tr	NNS	How did you find your powers ? "
tr	NN	Not while there was a chance his brake lights would flash cherry and he 'd come back .
tr	NNS	" I tell the jokes here .
tr	NN	I reached the airport with two hours to spare .
tr	NNS	Even though there isn 't time for that I have no doubts that you 'll be the gem of the celebration . "
tr	NNS	" Oh , thank the gods . "
tr	NN	I hear the crackle of seams splitting , but I don 't care .
tr	NNS	Instead , she mimicked Amelie 's stillness , her direct stare .
tr	NNS	They ate sandwiches , munched a few veggies and dips , and then hurried back to the ocean .
tr	NN	I felt her body buck in my arms , as if she was having some sort of fit , and in an instant the Queen was gone .
tr	NNS	He darted down two more corridors , flowing past well-lit storefronts and barreling through a moving 3D promo .
tr	NNS	I helped Cass out of the cab , and we walked toward the door .
tr	NNS	If we deny our emotions , it can block our powers .
tr	NNS	And if you were smart , you could easily notice such remarks and use them .
tr	NN	The faint leer in her voice makes her meaning plain enough , as well as her assumptions on what sort of relationship Beast and I have .
tr	NN	I 've got the stew on . "
tr	NN	If a wolf broke their vow , the Alpha would mete out punishment as he saw fit .
tr	NNS	I was half expecting cans of pop at room temperature from her .
tr	NNS	He replayed possible scenarios over and over in his head , trying to strategize and plan from his hypothetical situations .
tr	NNS	She handed him the blue wineglass .
tr	NNS	The pack closed ranks to either side , stalking more cautiously forward now , preparing to close the last of the distance .
tr	NNS	Rewind a few frames . "
tr	NNS	That gave her certain rights .
tr	NNS	Eve didn 't hear all the mental arguments .
tr	NN	Got a fax from HQ a couple a hours ago sayin ' as much .
tr	NN	Eddie still had youth and good health on his side , as well as the family longevity he 'd mentioned .
tr	NNS	The doubly fierce creature had no snakes or other oddities .
tr	NN	Nearly ten o " clock , minutes until closing .
tr	NNS	" You get those butterflies yet ? "
tr	NN	Back in her room Tess held the hastily wrapped package in her lap as if it were a chest containing the crown jewels .
tr	NN	I feel a pinch at that , a phantom pain , but it 's gone quickly .
tr	NNS	He pulled a smaller nine millimeter from his ankle holster and extended it to her .
tr	NN	" I get enough evangelical crap already . "
tr	NN	He nudged her thigh .
tr	NNS	The concrete tunnel walls had deep scratches gouged into it in patterns resembling talons or claws .
tr	NNS	The fifth and most recent extinction took out the dinosaurs , ushering in the era of mammals and altering the world forever .
tr	NNS	Sean 's presence had kept the nightmares at bay until the calling had become too strong .
tr	NNS	Between now and the trial date , this court will receive regular reports from the GAL . "
tr	NNS	He was wearing the boxers I 'd given him for Christmas , the ones with little reindeers on them .
tr	NN	" After the greatest misfortune comes the greatest fortune . "
tr	NNS	Stacy experienced instant butterflies .
tr	NNS	They made perfect anchor points for the straps .
tr	NNS	You and your new helper have outdone yourselves . "
tr	NN	Eve handed him a slice of lime .
tr	NN	" I had an uncle in the service .
tr	NN	Another minute and he takes off the cap and whacks her playfully on the arm .
tr	NNS	Baby would sound more feminine .
tr	NN	He pinched one nipple between his left thumb and index finger until the pain was as sharp as a blade , piercing my insides .
tr	NNS	He flattened his palms , one on each thigh , and pushed my legs wide , completely opening me up to him .
tr	NN	She was wearing a white sleeveless blouse and a light , flowing skirt that swayed when she walked .
tr	NN	I wanted justice for myself . "
tr	NNS	I put the plates down on the table in front of Nate as I asked .
tr	NN	I used a slush fund to pay for new inventions .
tr	NN	" No , " he told the waiter .
tr	NN	Therefore , if you sow joy into others , you will reap joy for yourself .
tr	NN	" Please , I meant no harm .
tr	NNS	One bridal shower after another , she 'd gifted her two foster sisters with the same style .
tr	NNS	At first Zach recognized the roads carrying them toward the university village to the south ; but then Becca turned onto a road Zach had never seen .
tr	NN	He smiles and pushes my shoulder playfully .
tr	NNS	She ignored the curious stares as she strode through the lobby and into the sleek blues and silvers of Ross 's office .
tr	NNS	I can always earn extra Karma points later on in life . )
tr	NNS	I 've held several classes since the baby blanket class .
tr	NN	He had a half-eaten fish in his mouth and another in his hand .
tr	NNS	The ocean covers all its tracks .
tr	NNS	After placing a few logs in the stove , I scrunched up some pages of the newspaper and pushed them under the logs .
tr	NN	Vivian , who 's still spread out on the ground , hasn 't gained consciousness yet .
tr	NN	I clutched my handbag to my chest and walked out the door , ignoring Sylvie 's incredulous gawking .
tr	NNS	He was holding my thighs !
tr	NNS	She knew if she got him on her side , they could unite their powers and end this war together .
tr	NN	" You don 't give yourself enough credit .
tr	NN	When I felt him pressed against me , I couldn 't help the groan that escaped .
tr	NN	He has an affinity with them . '
tr	NN	He gave her fingers a tight , near painful squeeze before accepting the inevitable .
tr	NNS	He makes the society pages all over the country , wherever he goes , and he 's a regular feature on a lot of those celebrity websites .
tr	NN	Severance punched a code into the directional indicator .
tr	NNS	Kara could feel the buttery crumbs on against her skin .
tr	NN	" You have respect for power , so you see me as a strong , hale man . "
tr	NN	Smiling , he left the bedroom and padded barefoot down the stairs .
tr	NNS	" See those clouds ?
tr	NNS	The navy wear black uniforms , not blue .
tr	NNS	It lacks the access panels to the ducts that we encountered in the maintenance room .
tr	NN	" Shall you make some soap for me ?
tr	NNS	" After spear practice all the mothers ask their sons , ' How many targets did you hit today ? '
tr	NN	Then I remembered a crowbar in a box of Jane Engle 's tools I 'd had stored in my extra bedroom .
tr	NNS	Her nails were leaving track marks down his nape and along his shoulders .
tr	NN	I got the same recording I got the first time I tried , right after we checked in .
tr	NN	" I already have a reputation , Aly . "
tr	NN	The phone wasn 't getting reception .
tr	NN	" I have a hunch that they will be contacting me one last time .
tr	NN	So far , I hadn 't won the lottery , perhaps because magic wasn 't supposed to be for personal gain .
tr	NNS	I 'd been weighing the pros and cons with him for weeks .
tr	NNS	That earned five points . "
tr	NNS	The casual wear portion of the store also kept a few racks of exotic sunglasses .
tr	NNS	Quietly , I lift the covers , swing my feet onto the floor , and rise from the bed .
tr	NN	A trickle of ice ran down Emelia 's spine .
tr	NN	I firmly grasped my iron rod in both hands while I waited for sounds of movement upstairs .
tr	NN	Behind him , Anatole was dragging a second wounded immortal towards the containment door .
tr	NNS	" And from this immune deficiency , the patient would get various opportunistic diseases . "
tr	NN	Whether I prefer fresh squeezed orange juice over a sliced orange .
tr	NN	He forked up a mouthful of fish .
tr	NN	Represents perfection , light , and life .
tr	NNS	Viktor searched his own pockets .
tr	NNS	" Get rid of them torches , " the police captain bellowed , " or I 'll bust your heads wide open ! "
tr	NNS	" You see auras ? "
tr	NN	" That would officially end our truce .
tr	NNS	I pushed back the covers and climbed out of bed , creeping closer to the window .
tr	NNS	Despite this huge blight on the university , Teagan really enjoyed her professors and loved the art she was producing .
tr	NN	Her fingers gripped the window frame , her breath turning unsteady .
tr	NN	Brilliant Private Eye nabs another crook !
tr	NN	Mrs. Hastings flagged down the waiter .
tr	NN	But she quickly regained her confident demeanor and turned away .
tr	NN	Maybe they took a shine to us , especially that top dog .
tr	NNS	We 'll need her healing skills to keep those wretches from bleeding out . "
tr	NNS	In the distance , a few blocks away , down the street off to the right of the club , Kaylee could see forms of men .
tr	NN	Once inside , we spring our trap .
tr	NNS	" And why did you guys switch plates ? "
tr	NNS	" How often do you get these leaks ? "
tr	NNS	Today I got my assignments done in my usual speedy time frame and reverted to helping Connor and Claire with theirs .
tr	NNS	I 'd fall backwards , and the current would envelop me and wash off the dirt and grime from the day .
tr	NNS	She was drinking cosmos , which were a little too fruity for my tastes .
tr	NNS	He 'd saved pages and pages of pornographic messages .
tr	NNS	Then even more swiftly , she lifted the covers and slid under them .
tr	NN	He dropped his salute and took a seat again .
tr	NN	He was putting his faith in a man he hated .
tr	NN	Then his lips spread in a sinister parody of a smile , his teeth gleaming eerily against his darkened skin .
tr	NN	A chill of realization slid down my spine .
tr	NN	We stuffed my heavy down comforter with her , hoping it would stifle any noise she heard .
tr	NN	Given the trouble , they haven 't removed the equipment , which is downright antiquated .
tr	NN	Ali made her breathing quicken like she was afraid .
tr	NNS	She quickened her strokes , wanting to feel him even deeper .
tr	NNS	The last time a man gave me roses ... I plucked every one of the blooms and threw them at him .
tr	NNS	He threw two fireballs at me and they bounce off of me and go towards the sky .
tr	NN	Hoffmann used a small crowbar to open the first crate .
tr	NNS	" But I can 't do the vintage stores today .
tr	NN	He 'd already contacted his attorney to set up two trust funds .
tr	NN	Her shoulders had turned slump and almost fall down , fortunately he noticed it and took a grip of her .
tr	NN	" I can 't take credit for that either .
tr	NNS	Inside , he noticed photographs of a woman and two young men displayed on a dusty credenza .
tr	NN	You deserved better treatment . "
tr	NNS	You hated Shifters , and you were perfectly willing to kill one to open the gate .
tr	NN	He flicked off the lid looked at the two detectives and waited .
tr	NNS	But ... Celaena pushed back the heavy folds of the work and tucked it behind a chest to keep it aloft .
tr	NN	Lydia got a wet rag and wiped up the sticky excess .
tr	NN	She saw the color drain from his face .
tr	NN	" Natalia , text the committee and tell them we are about to dock at the Island .
tr	NN	" I 'm not tired , " Josh 's voice matched his body language .
tr	NNS	Remember all the stares we got when we started wearing sneakers instead of work boots ? '
tr	NN	" We weren 't hurting anybody . "
tr	NNS	Smiling , he raised his wineglass in a toast .
tr	NNS	After fifteen minutes , Clarity was out five hundred dollars , after twenty five minutes , she had lost one thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	Amy saw two silhouettes through the frosted glass of his office door .
tr	NN	Again he noticed that quality about her - as though she kept most of her true self back .
tr	NN	" I 'll call your uncle and see if you can stay in Ford 's old apartment at the shop .
tr	NN	They follow the Grizzly Spirit .
tr	NN	I subconsciously palmed my belly again .
tr	NNS	You don 't have physics working on your behalf as a Sheer .
tr	NNS	I 'd do anybody else 's dishes , but you 're a Saints fan . "
tr	NNS	She can even predict winning Lotto numbers if she really wants to focus her attention that way .
tr	NNS	We redoubled our efforts , running in front of the storm of knights with all we had .
tr	NNS	I hear her familiar footfalls and I wish so badly that she tried to help me , just once .
tr	NN	" Pagan Annabelle Moore " I got a squeeze from both Miranda and Dank 's hands as I went to the stage .
tr	NNS	They are winged devils of Hell ! "
tr	NNS	Another wave of dizziness swept the corridors of his mind .
tr	NNS	Eric would help the Shifter females , but Cassidy felt responsibility for them too .
tr	NN	" If you cooperate , everyone in this room will forget your admission of guilt . "
tr	NNS	He even gave a few responses , just to show willing -- but something far more interesting suddenly presented itself .
tr	NNS	It kept its rotors moving .
tr	NNS	Her mind suddenly flashed backwards , to a memory she never knew she had .
tr	NN	Edwin tapped his wristwatch .
tr	NN	I giggle then twirl towards the beach lounge chair , sitting on the edge .
tr	NNS	I found two shovels , and Miguel and I together dug a grave before night fell .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't make out the lyrics from this distance , but the melody trickled over to me and was quite pretty .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of the underside of one of the fish .
tr	NNS	When confronted with a problem , he analyzed all possible solutions : costs versus benefits , risks balanced out against rewards .
tr	NNS	He helped Eris to her feet , " Otherwise the word wouldn 't exist , wouldn 't have been in all of our stories .
tr	NNS	Her father 's assistant looked nauseous .
tr	NNS	He probably saw ghosts everywhere .
tr	NN	She easily recalled every detail of every story she had ever read or heard .
tr	NNS	Why hadn 't the feds stepped in and taken the money ?
tr	NNS	" It should be passing the cameras in approximately four seconds . "
tr	NNS	She 'd saved him and wasn 't that worth a few drops of blood ?
tr	NNS	He steadied the cubs with his big hands as Eric led the way back down the aisle .
tr	NNS	Without a second to lose , Errol started the engines of the toy plane .
tr	NNS	Marcus could not count the dangers of the night streets : murderers , muggers , wild dogs , chariots rattling through narrow alleys .
tr	NNS	She struggled up the shivering black slopes , sliding fast down into their valleys .
tr	NN	She ignored the urge to wipe her eyes , and instead tightened her grip on him .
tr	NN	Why did he have that effect on me ?
tr	NNS	When do you get breaks ? "
tr	NNS	My magical lineage goes back generations . "
tr	NNS	" Either way presents serious issues regarding Gatsby .
tr	NN	" I don 't have email . "
tr	NNS	I usually don 't get many victims out here , but when I saw you guys I just went for it . "
tr	NN	She lowered the rifle to her side .
tr	NN	" We had a little incident . "
tr	NNS	She had changed relations with them , oh , most definitely .
tr	NNS	" You haven 't made any accommodations for them ? "
tr	NN	" As if I have no self-control . "
tr	NNS	The Alpha had obviously sent his dogs to track her , hence the attack at Qualcomm Stadium .
tr	NN	" Garrett , I don 't need a babysitter . "
tr	NN	" We had one squad in Durham before Christmas and I returned the squad to New York .
tr	NN	He has on a black thermal that is so tight , I can make out every detail of his chest .
tr	NNS	Multiple tests eliminated such methods as a possibility .
tr	NN	For that reason he is keeping a tight lid on his discoveries .
tr	NNS	Victor reluctantly tugged his fangs from her neck , using his tongue to close the bleeding wounds .
tr	NNS	The collar , warm from her body heat , felt wonderful resting against her flesh .
tr	NN	He could feel her betrayal just as easily as her soft lips against his .
tr	NNS	" The first thing we 're going to do is drop the formalities . "
tr	NNS	Once there , she loosened the reins on her hurt and humiliation .
tr	NN	Victor didn 't have the patience for kiss asses .
tr	NNS	A few held color shots she 'd taken at Thanksgiving with her disposable camera .
tr	NN	Wrapping her independence around her like a shield .
tr	NNS	" They build those big pyramids , and have all their gold and stuff carried inside before they shut the door .
tr	NNS	Julienne tasted blood as her teeth cut the soft insides of her lips .
tr	NNS	She wore black riding leathers and a long , dueling sword at her hip .
tr	NN	And you could pawn the jewelry in Clarksville instead of waiting .
tr	NNS	He thrust the sample frames in front of her , making it clear he wanted her to leave his shop as quickly as possible .
tr	NN	Bring the intruder to me !
tr	NNS	I 've been working at one of the busiest sports clubs in Salt Springs for the last two years .
tr	NNS	It illuminated their forms enough for him to see their outlines , but their faces were entirely hidden in shadow .
tr	NN	Every major clan after that would not have any dealing with them unless it had been an emergency landing .
tr	NN	I grip the stone railing of the bridge and stare down at the river .
tr	NNS	But they can 't see the bubbles that they are sailing toward ... " " What are you talking about ? "
tr	NN	' Save our Keeper from harm .
tr	NN	" We 've no faith in cards , Gypsy ! "
tr	NNS	" When I return I 'll have all your sons and daughters with me . "
tr	NNS	He 'd found some needles in a medicine cabinet beside some insulin .
tr	NN	She ate her strawberry ice cream while looking out of her window at the countless stars scattered across the night sky .
tr	NN	His mother 's voice had a breathless , hopeful quality .
tr	NN	" I like your style , Hinton . "
tr	NN	Even as small as the nod was , I saw his already hardening cock twitch a little .
tr	NN	I wouldn 't even call him an acquaintance .
tr	NN	He put a thick cream all over her hands , rubbing it into the blisters and cracked skin .
tr	NNS	Destiny rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	Others held shields and maces or makeshift axes and swords , there were bowmen and spear bearers , all wore battle dress .
tr	NN	He let out a helpless shrug .
tr	NNS	A white porcelain mask plumed with black feathers and encrusted with gold and jewels framed two black pits where his eyes should be .
tr	NNS	I 've never seen a kid sort blocks like Caroline . "
tr	NN	Glancing up at the clock in the locker room it reads six forty-five , giving me exactly fifteen minutes to change and get across town .
tr	NN	" I saw the video , too .
tr	NN	He grabbed his belly and laughed out loud .
tr	NN	Mr. Harrison switched the monitor so they could view the inside of the London store .
tr	NNS	I can 't have any serial numbers or code embedded . "
tr	NNS	She would face her fears and ask him to give their relationship a try .
tr	NNS	If we 're still functional , we 'll answer your radio signals .
tr	NN	What year were you really born , honey ? "
tr	NN	Spray and vapor filled the void .
tr	NNS	It brought back all my ingrained fears about the wrongness of magic .
tr	NN	It strips a king 's joy from his child 's wedding . "
tr	NNS	Hidden in shadow , I picked up bits and pieces of his conversation .
tr	NNS	Laurent patted his pockets and shook his head .
tr	NN	I remembered the impulse that had pushed me back into the house against all common sense , the last-minute slam of that door .
tr	NN	He gave her butt an affectionate squeeze .
tr	NNS	' Can 't cover y ' tracks if you don 't know where y ' left 'em .
tr	NN	shrugged the hotel owner .
tr	NN	The thought of Nicole and Jacob getting close to these monsters that already have hold of Nicholas and Kayla cast unbridled terror throughout my very being .
tr	NN	I need proof to give Jake .
tr	NN	Gold and red trim decorated the frame .
tr	NNS	He was soon designing and building model airplanes for the whole neighborhood .
tr	NN	I felt the mad impulse to push Patch out the door .
tr	NN	She released the sphere and made a single gesture .
tr	NN	She 'd never expected this betrayal .
tr	NNS	The Roman Emperor Decius prosecuted Christians .
tr	NNS	Exposed our powers to the human world . "
tr	NNS	While chatting up who knows how many possible clients . "
tr	NN	Margaret wiped the condensation from her glasses with the end of her shirt .
tr	NNS	They carried rectangular shields with yet another bronze sun in one hand and long spears with broad blades in the other .
tr	NNS	He prefers cameras to weapons , and he volunteers at a halfway house for guys with addiction problems .
tr	NN	He ignored her glare with an innocent expression and carried on manipulating around the wound .
tr	NN	The band strikes up Nick 's signature tune again .
tr	NNS	I rub my thumbs on the backs of his hands , " I 'm sorry . "
tr	NN	When the soldiers had gone , I searched the temple for survivors .
tr	NNS	He instantly felt dizzy .
tr	NNS	Not once had he allowed her inhibitions to slow him .
tr	NNS	After a year as a bonus man he had developed fairly good instincts for Renaissance .
tr	NNS	And quickly -- the diabolical critter was wrapping the citizens in webbing and hanging them from trees .
tr	NNS	And yet I had been granted amazing powers that rivaled in hers in order to save my friends .
tr	NN	I have promised him the throne . '
tr	NN	He was obviously losing faith in his partner .
tr	NNS	By trading off between each other on the project they each complemented each other 's shortcomings .
tr	NNS	When I lose ships I lose billions of credits .
tr	NNS	' Any objections ? '
tr	NN	" And to provide a further drain on our resources . "
tr	NN	One by one , the guards wrapped rope around their hands , and they dragged them off into the woods .
tr	NN	" They want the technology we developed for our ships .
tr	NN	He punched a code into the gate , and it slid open for me .
tr	NN	By now she had some command over it and knew she had a choice whether to allow the vision to come or not .
tr	NNS	And now she held no fears about the marital bed she would share with him .
tr	NNS	" How many cameras are there here in the penthouse ? "
tr	NN	She could feel his utter cold fury , his lack of mercy , his desire for battle , the urge to kill the renegade .
tr	NN	He returned the rifle to the gun rack .
tr	NNS	The old Miss Peregrine would 've been having nervous fits .
tr	NNS	" Yes , I did love Callum .
tr	NN	My eyes scanned the article quickly , as if I was the first one to learn this secret .
tr	NNS	Then , with lightning speed , it sank its fangs into Haven 's skin .
tr	NN	The character meant " punishment . "
tr	NNS	Tara moved the candles around the room while Lizzy picked up the cloak .
tr	NN	I felt Raj 's hallucination everywhere .
tr	NN	She gripped his bicep , digging her fingers into his flesh to make her point .
tr	NN	" What punishment do you have in store for me today ? "
tr	NNS	Nick emptied his pockets on the desk .
tr	NN	He forestalled her lethal toe .
tr	NNS	I could feel chunks of it soaking between my webbed toes .
tr	NN	" I do see a strong resemblance .
tr	NNS	In that next instant , she shattered against his mouth , hips bucking , spasms rippling through her in pretty waves .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms hard into the counter 's edge .
tr	NNS	He saw some little scratches at her temple and her barely visible freckles .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples and glared at the glowing emanation beside the fruit bowel .
tr	NNS	The President has many powerful political allies who would like to see him stay in office .
tr	NN	In fact , spy lesson .
tr	NN	Luke took the cupcake and bit into it with relish , antagonizing her .
tr	NNS	" She obviously has the hots for you . "
tr	NNS	Instead , he 'd voiced his doubts .
tr	NN	Rosie , to her friends , had quite the impressive resume .
tr	NNS	Walked two blocks on Grandview , headed south on 3rd Ave. one block , then east on Elmhurst to the third house on south side .
tr	NN	She discovered my abandoned manuscript , read it and was determined I should finish it .
tr	NNS	Julia eventually allowed her stiffness to recede and laughed along with them .
tr	NN	I 'd taken a semester off school after his death and then transferred to Chicago after that .
tr	NNS	Just give me points for trying , please .
tr	NN	Max holds up a slice of half-eaten pie .
tr	NN	A chill trickled down my spine .
tr	NNS	If we miss our targets , these arrows will land somewhere - probably the warehouses across the street .
tr	NNS	The three women scanned the cards again , looking for an answer to his question .
tr	NN	CHAPTER TWELVE Damien Damien felt Julia 's heart wrench as much as if it had been his own , and it gutted him .
tr	NNS	" So he didn 't get all the bugs ? "
tr	NN	To an outside observer , the gift held little meaning .
tr	NNS	She has taken her poisons and her ' treats ' with her .
tr	NNS	" Which then assembles the molecules we want .
tr	NNS	Warrior snaps her jaws and writhes her body and tail .
tr	NNS	Zero checked his reserves for his stabilizers and found them still near maximum .
tr	NNS	She 'd only heard bits and pieces of the story in passing over the years .
tr	NN	He smacked her playfully on the arse . " '
tr	NN	And your mother deserves that exception .
tr	NN	Probably wouldn 't make such a good first impression . "
tr	NNS	But Grace hadn 't had any serious esteem issues .
tr	NNS	" First , Mr. Ambassador , the matter of the Empress violates no Chinese sovereign rights . "
tr	NN	An insult tae oor intelligence so they are . "
tr	NNS	" This case has even more twists than even you can imagine .
tr	NN	They dumped out every drawer to the armoire and still no luck .
tr	NNS	Ain 't nothing wrong with naming your pets by the same name if you like it . "
tr	NN	He yanked open the drawer and pulled out a pair of jeans .
tr	NN	I smell wet pavement , and pretend that this is all there is .
tr	NNS	She accepted the drops of the water on her tongue , the blade still at her throat .
tr	NNS	His mouth held her pink nipples , and as they perked and hardened , so did his arousal .
tr	NN	His mother had arranged the reception and hired a photographer , while Mary Jo and Linc 's wife , Lori , worked on the wedding dress .
tr	NNS	A woman who looked like Tara wouldn 't lack dates or sexual partners if she wanted them .
tr	NNS	His eyes , unguarded , could burn tunnels though mountains .
tr	NN	The crane was carrying a large mesh net made from stout rope , supported on the corners to make a large bag .
tr	NN	I didn 't have much worth stealing but it was more than some people had , and I didn 't want to lose any of it .
tr	NN	" You actually handed a new-born infant off to a bear ?
tr	NN	Now you 'll understand the language of the Trolls - for a time at least . "
tr	NN	" Excuse me , but you and your rowdy crowd are creating a major noise disturbance .
tr	NNS	He 'd make no attempts at kindness .
tr	NN	After that of course the dwarves begged his pardon .
tr	NN	Then he raised the crossbow until it was level with my head and pul ed the trigger .
tr	NNS	The bad press handed them the brass balls I didn 't think they possessed .
tr	NN	Eugene could instantly identify the large man 's European descent : fair skin and prominent bone structure .
tr	NN	She felt a quick prick of fear .
tr	NN	She put the menu away without looking at it .
tr	NNS	" She wins points for making and selling her own jam .
tr	NNS	I 'll tape your mouths up too , so that you cannot converse to one another . "
tr	NNS	When I am not spending time with my family or enjoying the outdoors , I write fictional novels and short stories for young readers .
tr	NN	Katie , who was clearly bored and not impressed by Madam 's performance , now sported a French braid .
tr	NN	" Gracious as ever , little tyrant . "
tr	NN	Most who followed his lead had met the same tragic fate .
tr	NNS	I imagined three possible responses to the news , none of which I was interested in experiencing .
tr	NNS	He took few actions without soliciting Micah 's opinion , and listened to Micah 's latest adventures with a proud twinkle in his eye .
tr	NNS	The bravery that Jimmy and Cindy were exhibiting bashed their fears and gave them hope .
tr	NN	Deep in my own thoughts , I didn 't notice anybody coming up behind me .
tr	NNS	Have no illusions that next time we will be as nice . "
tr	NNS	C. they develop sooty masses of spores .
tr	NNS	It brought my doubts to a head .
tr	NNS	If you 're not returning to the school , your father will have certain expectations .
tr	NNS	I 'd detected wariness from him the day before at breakfast and I wondered if it was still there .
tr	NNS	But they had issues just like us .
tr	NNS	" Did anyone in here pass cognitive mathematics ? "
tr	NN	Robert had never had a sexual encounter with a woman .
tr	NNS	I picked up the blocks and stacked them back in the basket I kept here for when Larissa came over .
tr	NNS	The group was scattered , wolves closing in on each of them .
tr	NNS	If anything went wrong , Salvation wouldn 't have the supplies to plant a third time .
tr	NN	I lost my shroud of invisibility as I stepped in front of him .
tr	NN	Mrs. Mercer gave a satisfied little smirk .
tr	NN	It entails a transition in the human mind .
tr	NN	His comrades followed his example .
tr	NNS	Reginald 's tongue licked his fangs , which didn 't feel at all odd in his mouth .
tr	NNS	" You cannot use your powers unless you 're around someone who can shield you .
tr	NNS	You 'll find your new ID cards in there , along with other legal documentation , to coincide with your background stories . "
tr	NN	Harriet asked , acid in her tone .
tr	NN	The woman hefted the basket .
tr	NN	His mouth surrounded her aching nipple with drenching heat and she writhed , broken by his endearment and the whiplash of pleasure created by his suckling .
tr	NNS	" Hey , I like hotels with character . "
tr	NN	Alan leveled a wilting glare at the young man .
tr	NNS	Even still , he could have taken another thousand swings , but he didn 't .
tr	NNS	She 's suggesting dates for me now ?
tr	NNS	I understand your measures . "
tr	NNS	His hands patted our surroundings .
tr	NN	He tapped his pen on the edge of the table .
tr	NNS	He gets points for looking me in the eye and not staring at the scraps of blue lace in my hands .
tr	NN	Pictures of her body , stripped and violated , repeatedly , achieved a horrible clarity , and she tried to push them away .
tr	NNS	While she lay on the bed , I pushed two chairs together and curled up on them , falling sleep almost immediately .
tr	NN	I love that tune , and love playing it .
tr	NN	Surely Tommy would realize the error .
tr	NNS	Jake told folks that she wanted to live in Baltimore .
tr	NNS	I see no packs , no other equipment . "
tr	NNS	Raise up gentlemen and let us drink to making ugly people better looking ! "
tr	NN	They each grabbed a backpack and headed down the mountain into the fiery hell waiting for them below .
tr	NNS	Emelia felt nauseous as she saw his ruined chest and the glisten of his exposed organs in the half-light .
tr	NNS	We don 't need any more dead heroes .
tr	NN	She vaguely remembered a tune that she 'd heard and she began to hum it .
tr	NN	There on the main desk sat an enormous bouquet of orange tulips .
tr	NN	" Put my nightgown back on me , " Doreen murmured , " when you 're through . "
tr	NN	Cohen ran one fingertip down my spine , and I was so desperate for his touch I nearly whimpered .
tr	NN	" We need a small wagon . "
tr	NN	I wouldn 't risk an unexpected pregnancy .
tr	NN	" He 's got cancer -- leukaemia .
tr	NN	I murdered a famous pastry chef in a foreign country .
tr	NNS	They 'll love the roses . "
tr	NN	" So you relinquish your crown ? "
tr	NN	I felt a lump in my throat .
tr	NN	Tension overrode exhaustion with the certainty that Keagan had held something back to ensure the interview went smoothly first .
tr	NN	Both giants took a swing at each other and missed .
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	" Those died out centuries ago ! "
tr	NNS	" I 've got my suspicions .
tr	NN	She fought down an urge to retch .
tr	NNS	had he really survived two assassination attempts ?
tr	NN	I 've enough material here to make twenty , maybe twenty-one , bombs .
tr	NN	He stepped across the shadowy threshold , grateful to be out of the unforgiving sun .
tr	NN	To have your friend demand a marriage proposal on your behalf ?
tr	NN	After sitting there for just a few minutes , more than one cold beer bottle had been dragged down my exposed spine .
tr	NNS	Just as she had one son with three fathers , so I will have two babes with three fathers each . "
tr	NN	He pulled the dagger away .
tr	NN	She was pulling off her backpack and reaching for the zipper .
tr	NNS	He led Jess through an open kitchen with lots of windows and lots of light .
tr	NN	He sat down on one of the stools lining the balance wall , legs crossed , one shoe swinging rhythmically .
tr	NN	They 'd found the wreckage of Janice 's car .
tr	NNS	Finally , we left the shops behind and reached the edge of the academy grounds .
tr	NN	The sea monster echoed her exclamation .
tr	NNS	I pull back the covers on her bed , climb in and cover my legs up , " Where do I even start ? "
tr	NN	He made a sharp gesture to Ella as he knelt slowly , reluctance in his very movement .
tr	NNS	The sudden movement jarred her injured ribs , and pain flooded through her .
tr	NN	They had just walked up a steep hill , which was enough to make anyone pant .
tr	NN	I perceived logic as the absolute method .
tr	NN	" You must have a skunk in the neighborhood .
tr	NNS	" They make dollar coins ? "
tr	NN	He returned the salute and introduced himself .
tr	NNS	Felicity had given her clear directions .
tr	NNS	I take big gulps and for the first time allow myself to feel how much I hated the bunker .
tr	NNS	" Where did you get these powers ? "
tr	NNS	I open my eyelashes , when two hands grab my shoulders .
tr	NN	She tied the bodice and turned to face the dragon .
tr	NN	I 'd missed the theme , apparently .
tr	NN	He did know true sorrow , but not forgiveness , for still he would not forgive his brother .
tr	NNS	Those thoughts sent all sorts of needs and pangs to the most inappropriate places in the world considering my mother was sitting a few feet from me .
tr	NN	Dario tucked a strand of hair behind Fiona 's ear .
tr	NN	He detected only sincerity from her .
tr	NNS	Hopefully they 'll appreciate my skills there . "
tr	NN	' You 've got a clan and a wife , Rob ! '
tr	NNS	I got critters looking to be fed . "
tr	NNS	" Give us directions . "
tr	NNS	" We could make excuses and go inside to lie down . "
tr	NNS	" We can still have centuries together . "
tr	NN	I handed him a napkin from the basket in front of me with a sigh .
tr	NNS	We made arrangements for the funeral .
tr	NN	He couldn 't see anybody from the mob , which was no surprise since he couldn 't see anything .
tr	NN	He drained off his tankard and went into the pantry for more ale .
tr	NNS	" If anything I called the shots .
tr	NN	I unwound the curl .
tr	NN	He cracks his knuckles and smiles to himself .
tr	NNS	" The reputation he 's established these last few years has justified my actions of long ago .
tr	NNS	That section had no roads , just thin walkways and canals .
tr	NNS	I had no doubts or fears .
tr	NNS	He had mainly broken dishes and flipped over the kitchen table and the coffee table .
tr	NN	Caitlin was holding out the lure of mutual feminine understanding at a time when Verity badly needed some .
tr	NN	Leaning down , my lips are at his ear as the angel kneels by him , stroking his temple .
tr	NNS	" Can 't we pick up those dollars somewhere else ?
tr	NN	Genevieve never took a shine to racing . '
tr	NN	He had a long , grey , tangled beard with twigs caught in it .
tr	NNS	" Once he was home , I noticed some problem areas .
tr	NNS	Pencil landscape and animal drawings fill the pages .
tr	NN	" We can try the internet , but it may not be much help .
tr	NN	I 'll get the needle directly that way .
tr	NN	He fought the even stronger urge to roll her onto her back and make a place for himself between those bare legs .
tr	NN	I had missed her effect on me .
tr	NN	" Public humiliation , your honour , I have been shown the error of my ways by your good self and am resolved to correct them . "
tr	NN	" So , now we 've learned our lesson .
tr	NNS	It had taken murderers at the door of his bedchamber to rouse him .
tr	NNS	The lads slugged the dregs of their pints .
tr	NN	They have the same exact haircut , which they occasionally do to mess with us .
tr	NN	The gods suppressed the limo 's mean intelligence , kept it from asking what the problem was .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't bring antibiotics . "
tr	NNS	It meant high profile clients because an original partner was a California Supreme Court Justice . "
tr	NN	She saw his mouth curve faintly in a very male smile .
tr	NNS	You would have seen all the budget reports . "
tr	NN	He returned the flag to the hole .
tr	NNS	I have no skills , no real knowledge , no experience in anything . '
tr	NN	Would you have the seed you have planted take root in the heart of another boy ?
tr	NN	" Now , in order to go over the wall , we 'll need some rope . "
tr	NN	You can still get honey here if you ask special , but they don 't put that on the menu .
tr	NN	The thumb on each hand grazed an already erect nipple .
tr	NNS	" Got any steaks in your pack ? "
tr	NNS	Before he could fire , a tremendous blast tore the road wheels and track from the left side of the enemy vehicle .
tr	NN	I had the strong urge to just to cut her loose and God only knows where I would have wound up if I had .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you use your powers and open it ? "
tr	NN	I placed the file on the desk and went to the white pages to find a phone number .
tr	NNS	She twisted the trays and shook the ice into the cooler .
tr	NN	We cannot repay this debt .
tr	NNS	" You have your unusual abilities .
tr	NN	She let out a gurgle of laughter and then tried to look stern .
tr	NN	It will give you extra protection , and also help you see further . '
tr	NNS	And he sees his victims ... he sees them as more of a challenge .
tr	NN	She gave me a thumbs-up , but she didn 't smile .
tr	NN	He could see the hunger in her eyes and waited for her to admit he was right , but instead she shook her head and backed away .
tr	NNS	He grabs the new pages just printed .
tr	NNS	His kiss stirred fires that hadn 't gone out .
tr	NNS	Then , just as he had done after her claiming , he coated her thighs with their combined wetness .
tr	NN	" Julian and I found the highway .
tr	NN	At the airport , Julian showed Camille the stateroom on the plane .
tr	NNS	The Conglomerate needs its heroes , even if they emerge from the fires of war a bit blackened about the edges .
tr	NNS	Dirge was stalking closer , belly low , stripes rippling in a myriad of colors , faster and faster as his excitement grew .
tr	NNS	A rather good one ; I know the teams . "
tr	NN	This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties .
tr	NN	They would encounter little resistance .
tr	NNS	Everything went soundless as the light exploded into a blinding wave of heat and power .
tr	NN	No one will see harm in it .
tr	NNS	Saira ignored the stares and brushed through the crowds .
tr	NNS	I dropped the coins into her hand .
tr	NNS	I shouldn 't be giving you specifics , but the medical examiner believes Dr. Wilson was killed some forty-eight hours before you noticed the smell on Tuesday .
tr	NN	Then Ed felt someone slam into his side and tackle him to the ground .
tr	NNS	They are storing up treasures for some secret purpose .
tr	NNS	So she stood straight and said , " We 're not ordering cards this year . "
tr	NN	A pair of black , heeled pumps and an oversized shoulder bag finished off the outfit .
tr	NNS	We have beers from almost every country in the - " Jed jumped to his feet .
tr	NNS	Emily stared down at the place mats of the Chinese zodiac , eager to get her mind off Maya .
tr	NNS	Those next to Elders and Masters tear away discipline clubs .
tr	NN	He risked a peek through barely open eyelids .
tr	NN	He passed the cohort 's quartermaster and said , " We need more grenades , if you can spare them . "
tr	NNS	I relayed the elements of the toxin to Aidan .
tr	NN	An odd notion he 'd never noticed before , but come to think of it , he rarely shot the breeze .
tr	NNS	Pyotr , he runs the mines , and when he overheard me talking about minerals ' qualities , he said I belonged in school .
tr	NN	I could feel a flow of electricity running through me from his fingertips .
tr	NN	Oh I love your comforter !
tr	NN	Thank god it was a soft thud .
tr	NNS	" Scientist 's daughter , " I hear someone hiss .
tr	NNS	It gives me ten extra needles in a fight . "
tr	NN	" Thank goodness . "
tr	NNS	" What could you possibly find humorous ? "
tr	NNS	His eyes flashed dangerously .
tr	NN	I am expecting a large sum of money soon , and he will get his money . "
tr	NN	Another girl did an amazing stop-motion animation with Lego about a kid who decided to become a superhero .
tr	NNS	I see no visions .
tr	NN	" They 're helping the air dragon ! "
tr	NNS	I don 't really care how you do it , gentlemen , ' I told them , ' but keep the peace .
tr	NN	What if they mean actual harm ?
tr	NNS	I push the covers away and decide to get up .
tr	NN	They all now knew the debt they owed to the man buried within .
tr	NN	I feel Her love twist around my heart .
tr	NN	Of course , he could always find a high enough structure to climb and -- He glanced at his photo of the Master .
tr	NN	The touch of his skin to hers made her burn , his spicy scent made her ache in unmentionable places .
tr	NN	He was calling me a whore .
tr	NNS	Someone put peanuts in his food . "
tr	NNS	" Do they have any leads ?
tr	NNS	Apprehension tightened my insides .
tr	NN	She had forgotten the customer .
tr	NN	I breathed a giant collection of air I was holding and stood up in front of him forcing him to look up .
tr	NN	" I , Lilly Hamlin , pledge my allegiance to you .
tr	NNS	Mike himself brought the pints to the booth and took a seat .
tr	NN	" But try the strawberry . "
tr	NNS	As a small boy he would have looked old fashioned , a forties boy in an advertisement for sweets or soap powder .
tr	NNS	The others showed similar numbers as well as surveillance shots of Crestview .
tr	NNS	The emotional push-pull left her breathless and disoriented .
tr	NN	Takes his time answering .
tr	NNS	He 'll set up terms to buy something or have some sort of work done on something .
tr	NN	She used the file history function and brought up the most recent one Matt had been using .
tr	NNS	Veronica described the latest additions to the nursery and the antics of her kids at school who were all eager to get out for the summer break .
tr	NNS	I touched my smarting temples , confused .
tr	NNS	They could hear the wolves howling in the distance .
tr	NNS	" Dwarf , perhaps your mind isn 't playing tricks after all . "
tr	NN	" I have proof . "
tr	NNS	" By ' place ' you mean mentally ?
tr	NNS	He patted his muscular thighs .
tr	NN	But the werewolves survived the blast . "
tr	NNS	He parted her folds and dipped inside her .
tr	NN	Blake covered the receiver on his phone to speak to his driver .
tr	NN	I read that newspaper article over again , turning up the volume on the TV whenever the news reports came on .
tr	NNS	He had pockets filled with business cards .
tr	NNS	And when they finally did part , in the mournful predawn light , he took four cards with him .
tr	NNS	We could sure use your skills on this trip . "
tr	NN	He let out a yell and jerked the arm away , cradling it against his chest .
tr	NN	He shoved the stolen pistol into his side pocket .
tr	NN	It lasted four years , and in the minute she died , we were praying the same prayer .
tr	NN	( He also had a fondness for his head and would sorely hate to lose it . )
tr	NNS	" That night they checked and rechecked their canoes , and watched the weather .
tr	NN	She saw her waking up in the near future .
tr	NN	Lara felt the mountain tremble .
tr	NNS	He has smelled the other dogs , along the road , upon the bushes , in the air .
tr	NNS	We 'll not trouble the physicians , if you please .
tr	NN	She could recognise the primal lust in his eyes .
tr	NN	" She didn 't even use soap to wash her hands !
tr	NNS	Both of them wore suits .
tr	NNS	The scientist smiled viciously .
tr	NN	After months of hunting , they had finally found their sanctuary , only to discover that it was empty .
tr	NNS	Girlfriend has some serious anger issues . "
tr	NN	She had already accepted her sealed fate .
tr	NNS	The large black headlines keep the optical brightness within reasonable bounds while his political education is provided .
tr	NN	Aristotle scratched his long beard and sighed heavily .
tr	NN	Charlie held his bloody thigh and grimaced in pain .
tr	NNS	He rubbed the marks in his wrists from the shackles that had been removed from him by the escort of armed men in blue gear .
tr	NN	Here , take your magazine .
tr	NN	We don 't call that clear juice anymore because it is a different form .
tr	NNS	Jake hadn 't seen any ships anchored , but there were coves all around this island , some hidden .
tr	NN	He quickly called up an emergency strand of chatter .
tr	NNS	The waiters wore white uniforms and knew her by name .
tr	NN	" I heard your speech . "
tr	NN	As a refugee , he told the fate of his departed lands and people .
tr	NNS	" Because you have your priorities in order ? "
tr	NNS	In a move which would have done Crash Davis proud , he flipped open the clips holding her stockings and slid them down her legs .
tr	NN	I read that article about you in the Times .
tr	NN	She unlatched the lid and pushed it open .
tr	NNS	I slow my movements and bring her to orgasm until she 's quaking in my arms .
tr	NN	" But I want a bath .
tr	NNS	Josh stopped mere inches from Fred and said , " You 're fired .
tr	NN	Ho , heave , ho , hoist up the jolly flag .
tr	NN	" I made you another new gown ! "
tr	NNS	Travis could make maneuvers that would make other guys piss themselves in fear .
tr	NNS	I broke a few dishes after you left , and that made me feel better . '
tr	NN	He grabbed another handful of peanuts from a bowl on the table .
tr	NN	And his own heart had taken a huge leap upon seeing her again after only one short night apart .
tr	NN	He doesn 't take that responsibility lightly . "
tr	NN	Emma felt a little tightening around her heart .
tr	NNS	I also will execute all murderers and child molesters .
tr	NNS	In fact , you guys enjoyed the benefits too . "
tr	NNS	" So you eat bugs ? "
tr	NN	She traced the foreign lettering and nodded .
tr	NN	But Samson had performed his first parental duty on Sloane 's behalf and she loved him for it .
tr	NN	Everything breathed sorrow and disuse .
tr	NNS	" I 'LL SEE YOU guys after school , " I told my bodyguards , Ben and Felix .
tr	NNS	They pluck the babes from their ma 's cracks and gnaw on their arms and legs .
tr	NNS	She was working blindly , her eyes closed as he kissed her , but they shot open with a start as a crack of thunder sounded overhead .
tr	NNS	You 've got blue balls ! "
tr	NN	Not for the first time , Jamie repressed the urge to call him and withdraw the suggestion .
tr	NN	Jake 's aura had turned a dark purple , and Ellie sensed nothing but sadness and regret from him .
tr	NN	" Have you missed any this semester ? "
tr	NNS	They wouldn 't want their activities recorded any more than yours . "
tr	NNS	But now it housed parish offices and storage .
tr	NNS	Peace doesn 't have any financial benefits .
tr	NNS	He could certainly dance around the night clubs with the prostitutes and enjoyed that very much .
tr	NN	Then I laughed and grabbed a napkin and wiped it across my mouth as I spun my stool toward him .
tr	NN	He lost his patience as another deep swell knocked loose the quill he grasped and almost sent him reeling from his chair .
tr	NNS	So I took off my sandals and set them behind me and rolled my pants up to my knees .
tr	NN	He had the powerful personality of the Mackenzie men , but one turned in a different direction from theirs .
tr	NNS	She was busy at the side of the van , washing dishes , when he strutted around the side , and sweep her up into his arms .
tr	NNS	If he was cool with Lucas , he was gaining significant points .
tr	NNS	With a softly spoken word , Victoria bound his powers .
tr	NNS	They 'd only briefly exchanged greetings before Brooke had been swept away into an E.R. examining room .
tr	NNS	His blue eyes glittered two inches from my face .
tr	NNS	As silently as possible , she threw aside the quilts and tiptoed toward the kitchen .
tr	NN	Our Founding Fathers even immortalized that debt in our national seal . "
tr	NNS	Next they cut down several foolish onlookers who tried to stop the crisis unfolding about us .
tr	NN	Rodin made a broad gesture with his hand , and all the men seated at the table rose and left the chamber .
tr	NNS	As if being philosophical about it will earn you marks !
tr	NN	Perhaps you should spend the interval asking Ms. Taylor about herself .
tr	NN	I feel only pity for the creature who used to be my friend and was once a great man .
tr	NN	" We will get an update on that when we meet next week , but it does seem as if the threat is real and growing . "
tr	NNS	What if my brother did the renovations ?
tr	NNS	Whoever loses gets stuck fixing meals for the next cycle . "
tr	NN	They 'll take my college tuition away . "
tr	NN	We want that human-rights accord for a lot of good reasons . "
tr	NN	I 'd rehearsed my speech all the way from the gas station , and he 'd just cut me off .
tr	NNS	He positioned her palms on the warm rock of the wall .
tr	NN	He flicks my nipple with the warm , wet muscle then sucks it into his mouth .
tr	NN	He had an exceeding capacity to love , but it had never been requited .
tr	NNS	" And do you reject many foods ?
tr	NNS	Admiring the buildings , after all he was an artist ; he admired architecture and dating it .
tr	NNS	She flashed her fangs at him , suddenly irritated .
tr	NN	He put down his pen , flipping the folder closed .
tr	NN	He shook the loose-fitting doorknob , then held it firmly as he slid an eight-inch plastic strip down the facing .
tr	NNS	I tucked the designs under my arm as I left her office .
tr	NNS	give me all thy grief .
tr	NNS	They had the wits to wonder why an outmatched traveler -- a woman , no less -- would say something so obviously foolish .
tr	NN	She tapped the file .
tr	NNS	We took several blood samples , and the results were the same .
tr	NNS	They 're called engineered apprentices .
tr	NN	said the oh god .
tr	NN	" Just skip the advice and tell me what information you turned up . "
tr	NNS	Behind me , I heard the footfalls of several more runners , but I gave them no thought .
tr	NN	So we made a bargain .
tr	NNS	She gave a soft hiss of disgust .
tr	NNS	Keep your makers from being taken by surprise .
tr	NNS	She placed the palms of her hands flat behind her , propping her up , and stretched out her legs .
tr	NN	I am pushed up a small hill .
tr	NNS	If there were invaders around , we could sneak in and get you some buckets without anyone raising an eye .
tr	NN	" You 're not wracking up debt .
tr	NNS	A man begets human babies , a beaver begets little beavers and a bird begets eggs which turn into little birds .
tr	NN	" I 'll read the scroll .
tr	NNS	And because Faith , like Liza , had committee members with immense bias against her .
tr	NN	I feel a pang of sorrow and survivors guilt as I think of my friends from school -- all of which are dead presumably .
tr	NN	She doesn 't have an actual appointment .
tr	NN	He needed physical rehabilitation , plus people to assist him .
tr	NN	" If I may sir , everyone has a style for dealing with difficulties .
tr	NN	The man immediately slammed back the butt of the rifle .
tr	NN	After Alvin left , Nina 's army went down the stair and found the mine carts .
tr	NN	Wait one sec , okay ? "
tr	NNS	Let 's go Jess ; we don 't want to miss any of the excitement . "
tr	NN	He nuzzled the valley between them .
tr	NNS	That includes crates of ammo , but the only gun I saw was a shotgun hanging over the door that goes outside .
tr	NNS	Before they entered the narrow door , Cade gave quick directions to a man who went off for what few possessions they had .
tr	NN	Phoebe picked up a cupcake , smashed the frosting down with her tongue , and offered it to Luke with an evil grin .
tr	NN	I have great respect for a man such as you . "
tr	NN	" You poor duck .
tr	NN	Once again , Ted had made an incorrect assumption .
tr	NNS	She could hear the sniffles , could feel her shuddering breaths where their elbows touched .
tr	NNS	" It breaks my ribs , to be honest . "
tr	NNS	Nix owns several corporations ; he 's a world renowned businessman .
tr	NN	I slipped a rope over her ankle , then drew it taut .
tr	NNS	I , on the other hand , want your powers for the good of the Galaxy . "
tr	NNS	Those must 've cost him a hundred bucks . "
tr	NN	Still holding her injured hand close to her body , she accepted the tool he offered with her other .
tr	NNS	James launched a few good shots at Jim mainly because no one ever lands a bad shot .
tr	NNS	He made nonsense motions with his hands , as though the meaningless gestures would add something to his explanation .
tr	NNS	And you will also use your contacts to find human explosives .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , we have other points of interest , so let 's take a look .
tr	NN	" Would you like a dagger to stick into my back ?
tr	NNS	Just use your wits and be careful .
tr	NNS	" You see an hourglass in the middle , and the sand is moving back and forth ? "
tr	NN	Jam reeled off an impromptu speech .
tr	NN	He had taken a big shine to Sarah .
tr	NN	Nobody expects a cop to look too elegant .
tr	NNS	You owe me twenty bucks for the shit you stole from me ! "
tr	NNS	It looked dark purple in the dim cabin .
tr	NNS	He found no batteries , but two foil wrapped cereal bars looked to be in relatively good condition , so he tucked them into his pocket .
tr	NNS	The disease had killed millions in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries but was declared eradicated almost thirty years ago .
tr	NN	And now I have an ethnic cleansing , evil mastermind called the Muse brothers after me along with possible others interested in the magic . "
tr	NN	He was no longer seeing the operation , but a psychiatric interview with Benson before the surgery .
tr	NNS	You will be authorized three meals per day and you will need to present this card in order to eat .
tr	NN	Next time you take my c * ck in your mouth , make sure it 's because you 're dying to taste me .
tr	NNS	He licked back his whiskers at the thought and felt very masculine .
tr	NN	" What ribs have you broken ? "
tr	NNS	It has your fingerprints on the handle , and his on the sides .
tr	NN	" You shall have your trial . "
tr	NNS	I have a few connections .
tr	NN	Saw no harm in it at all .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any cats out of the bag for a long while .
tr	NNS	That includes members of the opposite sex .
tr	NNS	" And today I ask the gods for victory .
tr	NN	He started down that first ridge looking and listening for a telltale signs of a brook .
tr	NNS	We will make tracks before sundown . "
tr	NN	Gretchen slid a peek at Nimrod and his ears perked forward .
tr	NN	" Hey , watch the cream ! "
tr	NNS	A couple of women in thick robes sipped coffee and smoked cigarettes on the porch outside their building .
tr	NNS	Maybe make two trips ? "
tr	NNS	He 's taken several business trips this year , to California , Arizona and Nevada , scouting for available land .
tr	NN	She heard Jace suck in his breath beside her .
tr	NNS	She flicked the talons on her right claw and the line of men beside her flew back .
tr	NNS	" Go now , my sons .
tr	NNS	They photographed the spectators on the outside of the police tape at every crime scene since then , looking for anyone whose face appeared at multiple scenes .
tr	NN	He assuaged his conscience by promising himself he 'd correct the false assumption before any real damage was done .
tr	NNS	With nonhuman bouncers , they didn 't really need that many cameras .
tr	NN	He made a lunge for her , but that redhead is fast !
tr	NNS	I murmured apologies to the couple and started toward Seth , stopping again after a few more steps .
tr	NNS	Hell , give her some self-defense classes .
tr	NNS	So he had seen those points , too .
tr	NN	Toss your backpack over to the side there and come closer . "
tr	NN	Not to mention the loud clash of thunder shaking her house .
tr	NNS	I asked many most intelligent birds and no bird could tell me where you could be . "
tr	NNS	All I do is deliver , someone else covers complaints . "
tr	NN	" Infinite oath of protection ? "
tr	NN	" Get outta here ! "
tr	NNS	Turned out , the police had confiscated three baby gorillas from poachers and they needed rescuing .
tr	NNS	I felt curious stares boring into me .
tr	NN	Nick specifically bought her a treadmill and a few other machines so she could run as part of her exercises regiment .
tr	NN	I still can 't play the piano , but then , of course , I never could .
tr	NNS	She picked up her wineglass and took the last sip .
tr	NNS	" I only use titles on those who are to be respected . "
tr	NN	And using them might raise a red flag . "
tr	NN	The broadcasters were briefly interrupted and halted their announcement and then read from a card .
tr	NN	I had a meltdown in the kitchen of the restaurant on New Year 's night .
tr	NNS	She fully opened her senses to Bradley 's emotions and began locking onto them .
tr	NNS	Michelle massaged her temples .
tr	NN	Both of us didn 't have any umbrella on our bags so we started running .
tr	NN	Rations for her family of three gave them usage of five hundred gallons of water per week .
tr	NNS	Although I pity the folks who try to collect on that particular wager .
tr	NNS	I remember numbers and shit like that when I see them . "
tr	NNS	He wrote down the telephone numbers and addresses of the ten most expensive companies .
tr	NNS	Bending forward , she seasoned the fish steaks with salt and pepper , dotted the tops with fresh thyme and parsley and chopped cherry tomatoes .
tr	NNS	Since she was eleven , she had been running drugs for one of her father 's associates .
tr	NNS	He pulled back the covers of the bed so that he could take photos of her legs in plaster .
tr	NNS	He recognised at least five other delegates drinking in their lunch hour .
tr	NNS	You don 't need super senses to pick up on something like that . "
tr	NN	He could buy a little beachfront shack on the Pacific Coast in Nicaragua , and spend his days selling ham sandwiches and beer to the surfers .
tr	NNS	" Because he couldn 't fix your issues . "
tr	NN	My family possess many fine jewelry .
tr	NNS	" Yes , I always read your reports .
tr	NNS	Alana asked , more than a little hesitant to hear the reply .
tr	NNS	The thunderous exchange had stunned both armies into immobility .
tr	NN	She didn 't see anybody who 'd been in the basement .
tr	NN	I absently picked up the receiver , my attention still on my ad copy , and answered .
tr	NNS	We played cards ( I was terrible ) and he let me win ( because he was a sweet ) .
tr	NNS	I have some lovely biscuits .
tr	NNS	" Fifty thousand dollars ? "
tr	NN	" I must reclaim my throne .
tr	NNS	But they didn 't share nightmares .
tr	NN	" You were having a threesome in the TA 's office , and the other guy you were sleeping with walked in ?
tr	NN	" The first is always the hardest , " she informed her Queen .
tr	NNS	" You may have powers , Angelus , but deep down , you 're still a Mortal , just like me . "
tr	NNS	The way I see it , between the three of us , we have the skills to make it work . "
tr	NNS	He 'd even bought her chocolates for their first Valentine 's Day .
tr	NNS	I usually chose the mattress , but today I was in a beanbag sort of mood .
tr	NN	" Show him some skin , snort some candy .
tr	NNS	That stopped the leaks , but it meant that air bubbled out through all the cracks .
tr	NN	We have had this technology for over three thousand years .
tr	NN	It also strengthened my resolve .
tr	NNS	Olivia handles my nightmares in the same way .
tr	NNS	" You should seriously rethink those uniforms ! "
tr	NNS	Adelaide wasn 't running errands for her servant .
tr	NNS	I didn 't even see any birds .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers and got out of bed , already excited for a good workout .
tr	NNS	Growing up on the Rim had honed his survival instincts .
tr	NN	" I squeezed the juice out of a few pounds of raw meat in the kitchen .
tr	NN	Vampires didn 't need protection from the cold .
tr	NN	You have a responsibility to the ship .
tr	NN	Take some advice , Sandy . "
tr	NNS	He won 't hurt anyone 's chances by not being able to take back what he and Denise may have been engaged in minutes from now .
tr	NN	" Mo , I can make an example without shooting you . "
tr	NN	Within twenty-four hours I have every expectation that not only will you be a Level Eight or Nine but you also will have an additional talent .
tr	NNS	We made our own families now .
tr	NN	Murdoch had barely survived his encounter with them .
tr	NN	" I saw an article you had written about a year ago on this type of software problem .
tr	NN	Hiding a smile at Louisa 's obvious disappointment , Grace motioned the bartender over .
tr	NN	He stops pacing and turns to look at me .
tr	NN	" You 've seen my file ? "
tr	NN	" You like your privacy ? "
tr	NNS	Let 's get some silver dollars . "
tr	NNS	When you speak , you are not performing spells as you call it .
tr	NNS	And if I end up stuck in the storm and doomed to die , I 'm totally eating the other earmarked meals .
tr	NN	We need a favor .
tr	NNS	Her breaths were already coming faster , short bursts against my neck , her hands sliding lower over my back to push my boxers down my hips .
tr	NN	Something like ... annoyance ?
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to dance as she reached her locker .
tr	NNS	" First off , I resent the assumptions you made about my character . "
tr	NN	" Then I have mistaken your cold disregard ? "
tr	NNS	I checked my pockets but it wasn 't there .
tr	NN	' We choose The Way , so ... ' " He nodded , and I continued .
tr	NNS	It has its shops , its taverns , and even inns for those merchants who don 't want to bother bringing their own tents .
tr	NNS	I belted out the lyrics to every song on the radio when I was on my way home .
tr	NN	" Do you ever take your talent outside the club ? "
tr	NNS	She giggled , delicately placing little bits of food onto my plate with her fork and knife , as was the present fashion of the day .
tr	NN	He then took out the remaining half block of C-4 from his pocket .
tr	NNS	It also made forceful attempts to corral rootless children into various types of schools , reform institutions and orphanages .
tr	NN	The earthen pit house has this feature too , and in fact it 's how we happened to find this building .
tr	NN	After I stripped it off , my skin burned hotter .
tr	NNS	He had moved nearer , expertly avoiding attention , and stopped near enough to hear their conversation .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness . "
tr	NNS	" The Commander offers his apologies .
tr	NNS	If you 're talking large scale , that means missiles .
tr	NNS	" What do you need ten bucks for anyway ? "
tr	NN	She grabbed a shoe and hit me on the side of the head .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	Dottie batted her false eyelashes .
tr	NN	Take the left fork . "
tr	NN	The man was wearing a naval uniform .
tr	NNS	Both legs had multiple breaks , likely his hip , too .
tr	NN	He had a slice of Wallace 's loaded , extra cheese pizza in one hand , a can of Coke in the other .
tr	NN	Then I pick up a razor that 's by my foot and break up the clumps with it .
tr	NN	" The last thing she remembers is getting the lug wrench .
tr	NN	The people of Nu Pike were worshiping one god , and he was not one of the gods of Saran .
tr	NNS	" Jaden returned all my powers to me .
tr	NNS	His eyes turned merciless .
tr	NNS	Chan must have lowered the blinds , because the burning brightness faded .
tr	NN	She lifted the gauntlet again , her friends running toward her .
tr	NNS	But before Jolie swept from the room he blew out all the candles .
tr	NNS	The heavy sound of his hammer spoke volumes about just how strong he really was .
tr	NN	" I had the hot chocolate when we finished our kayak .
tr	NN	He 'd done a good deed and now he knew why he hated doing good deeds .
tr	NNS	I 've got all Hab systems up and running again .
tr	NNS	Devon was staring directly into my eyes , the nervous twitches completely gone from his body as he drove his point home .
tr	NN	I throw a towel at him as he walks away , howling with laughter .
tr	NNS	After all , I was seeing visions and hearing voices .
tr	NNS	They 've got night vision cameras , and gadgets for monitoring static electric and magnetic fields .
tr	NN	Placing my hand upon my chest , I saw his scowl brake into a wide smile .
tr	NN	She gave the command with a voice that sounded like steel being honed .
tr	NN	He took the file from her and flipped it open , angling so his shoulders blocked any passersby from possibly seeing the contents .
tr	NNS	It falls about six inches past my shoulders , but I keep it pulled up most of the time due to the southern humidity .
tr	NN	Within a half an hour , they were pushing a cart around the market .
tr	NN	If they had come from almost any type of rifle , they would have easily penetrated the thick plastic .
tr	NN	He had the same attitude I did .
tr	NNS	We have a few issues we want to review with you . "
tr	NNS	Giving in to the urge to shed attire , she kicked off her sandals .
tr	NN	I then closed the trunk and began to get rid of the snow on the back window , my mirrors and the windshield .
tr	NN	He gripped the wooden podium with sweaty palms , furiously trying to think of a way out of this situation .
tr	NNS	I heard some noises from the other room , promising Little to be back in a tiny second I went to the other room .
tr	NN	Please ... allow us our revenge .
tr	NN	She grabbed a pen from behind the counter and scrawled something on a sheet of paper , then returned and handed it to me .
tr	NNS	Invitations for drinks would come , worse , requests for her and Jackson to come to dinner .
tr	NN	He probably had his own sex sofa where he brought the girls he 'd strung along for years .
tr	NN	I should have had more faith in Michael 's judgment and his love for his son .
tr	NNS	She fluttered her eyelashes .
tr	NNS	You two seemed , you know , star-crossed lovers . "
tr	NNS	I 've written down directions .
tr	NN	Before releasing him , he fixed Ice with a serious gaze .
tr	NN	Thought I 'd send her a bouquet . "
tr	NNS	Luckily , I didn 't have broken ribs like Tyler or even a bandage around my head like my Bryn .
tr	NNS	" Oh , uhm , I ... well , I promised my sisters ... " " Oh , " She said , a bit saddened .
tr	NNS	Watch your pockets - especially around children .
tr	NN	Surely a lady has at least the privacy of her own thoughts . "
tr	NNS	You could barely notice the gaps in the buildings where the churches used to be .
tr	NNS	She 's been given chances to see the fact firsthand , but some people are just a little more hard-headed than others . "
tr	NN	Of course , the theme always concerned the scientist of whom she spoke with little regard .
tr	NN	Did you not feel his joy in the kill ?
tr	NNS	Had some issues with my EVA suit ( I 'll explain later ) .
tr	NNS	Just give me directions . "
tr	NN	He let out a groan of frustration that tore into my ear and I held the phone a few inches away but didn 't give in .
tr	NN	Iseo took the meaning perfectly .
tr	NN	She cleaned up the branch , removing the twigs to make it into a nice smooth pole .
tr	NNS	I dig my fingernails into the palm of my hand .
tr	NN	I face the task you faced with me , and hope That I 'm equipped to do it .
tr	NN	Breedlove picked up a slice of triangular bread and devoured it .
tr	NNS	Botox and plastic surgeons really could work wonders .
tr	NNS	After all , she did have some new powers .
tr	NN	I 'll use the private lab in L.A. that did so well with the evidence in the Wrigley case . "
tr	NN	' But I need closure , so I can move on . '
tr	NNS	My stomach feels the butterflies I was used to in high anxiety situations .
tr	NNS	William was puzzled , " New bits ? "
tr	NN	She bore a remarkable resemblance to his sister , Emily .
tr	NNS	Then she took the tarot cards with her back to her tent .
tr	NN	I turn the knob and pull it open anyway , bracing myself for any hint of my hunger .
tr	NN	He had never felt such urgent lust for any other woman .
tr	NN	They all wore filthy , oversized gray shirts and pants and pointy straw hats .
tr	NN	He held up the offering .
tr	NNS	I knew their tricks .
tr	NN	He felt a painful tightening in his chest .
tr	NNS	As we drove , we passed dirt roads that branched off .
tr	NNS	They had the reports from Alex 's mission for comparison .
tr	NN	The plasma shows a single brown colored cylinder .
tr	NN	How did I not know about these sooner ?
tr	NNS	I told you , Sini has nightmares even when she takes the Ring off her finger . "
tr	NN	If someone comes looking , they might spot the wreckage . "
tr	NN	" I see joy , too .
tr	NNS	He 'd been turned centuries ago .
tr	NNS	Recently , he 'd heard reports of Barbarians luring scavengers and fortune hunters into abandoned vessels .
tr	NN	For a moment , the idea he had missed me as badly as I had missed him gave me solace .
tr	NNS	" I 'll need directions . "
tr	NN	Demons may not take possession of a soul within the house of God .
tr	NN	" To plan the menu . "
tr	NN	How can I take credit for my deportment , when I could not carry myself differently if I wanted to ? "
tr	NN	When it becomes apparent the thing will just keep running at us , I stop and raise the crossbow .
tr	NNS	Sally handled her chopsticks like an expert as she popped a piece of fried Calamari into her mouth .
tr	NN	She swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	As a matter of fact , her son had far more items in his small space than she did .
tr	NNS	In fact , if I remember correctly , I only attended classes for a few weeks .
tr	NN	Usually each new Wall required an introduction by its user .
tr	NNS	At each apartment I got similar responses .
tr	NN	Stacy could feel her own stomach growling .
tr	NNS	Adele didn 't voice her fears over the Vampire Council .
tr	NNS	Two , we expand our facilities here .
tr	NN	Either way , he would see no gain nor loss .
tr	NN	I had the same messy mop of wild black hair , pale ivory skin , and just a hint of rose in my cheeks .
tr	NN	I buckled the clasp around her delicate chin , resting my hands on the top of the helmet playfully .
tr	NNS	Pale pink fabric with lilac blossoms lined the two overstuffed chairs in the room , and the wallpaper matched .
tr	NN	" You will probably remember the incident .
tr	NN	" When they came to me about you two , they gave me an option .
tr	NNS	Here , obsidian obelisks have toppled , chunks of gleaming black rock scattered about the base of a staircase that descends down , down , down .
tr	NNS	Shelby , Grover , and the other male assistant all had pocket knives .
tr	NNS	Guests wrote down their bids and put them in the fishbowl .
tr	NNS	The hatch opens a few inches , then stops .
tr	NNS	" Regional leaders . "
tr	NNS	" I saw dogs in a different vision , when I was still in the Western Lands . "
tr	NN	Robbie quickly picked up a pen and started signing the papers laid out on the desk as Dean pointed to the various places that needed a signature .
tr	NN	From the tissue , she extracted an antique silver cake server , a lovely piece with engraving .
tr	NN	He opened a drawer in the nightstand and retrieved a small foil packet .
tr	NNS	He squeezed both breasts .
tr	NN	" Leave this temple forever .
tr	NNS	I should throw the roses away .
tr	NN	He found the stairwell and went down into the basement , emerging in a familiar corridor .
tr	NNS	" Two hundred dollars . "
tr	NNS	" If not that , will you give me your prayers ? "
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths , trying to steady my shotgun heart and shaking legs .
tr	NN	Sage heard gunfire and proceeded carefully .
tr	NN	Then he picked off a strand of hair from my face and kissed me .
tr	NN	Through contacts he found his niche in the litigation marketplace as a fireman .
tr	NNS	I batted my eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	Fill their ships with provisions and gifts ?
tr	NN	We can offer protection in return . "
tr	NN	I felt a breeze on my other side and someone loosening the hold on me .
tr	NN	She heard a snap behind her , and the door began to twist in its mountings .
tr	NNS	" That the United States , has the third largest reserves of oil after Saudi Arabia and Russia but seem to be running out .
tr	NN	He grabbed her handbag , dumped its contents into a backpack , and dropped the purse on the floor .
tr	NN	What the hell was I paying a fortune for a security system for if it didn 't work ?
tr	NN	You stopped the water flow .
tr	NNS	" You have many talents . "
tr	NN	Sighing heavily , he puts pen to paper .
tr	NN	His constant waving brought every vendor from the deck .
tr	NN	Elliot 's engagement to Gianna a month later had only sealed Lucy Ann 's resolve to stay away .
tr	NNS	Then I saw the racks in the back , and I almost squealed .
tr	NN	So I clamped down my distaste and slipped my hand into his arm , wishing I was anywhere but at his side .
tr	NN	Dean laughed , his demeanor back to the watchful yet relaxed status I was used to .
tr	NNS	Venturing another look onto the top deck , Pierce could only see three figures left .
tr	NNS	Evidently men had their own bizarre notions .
tr	NNS	The wizards heaved aside the overturned dishes and smashed crockery .
tr	NN	It had a huge KitchenAid refrigerator and range .
tr	NN	I don 't have the patience today . "
tr	NNS	We hadn 't been hunting deer or quail , though .
tr	NN	Had an appointment with Christian 's teacher .
tr	NN	He clutched a jutting knob of rock to resist being drawn away as the water withdrew .
tr	NNS	At the edge of the woods , I took a few breaths and pulled myself back together .
tr	NN	" I 've only accepted my fate .
tr	NNS	He had better dressing gowns , when it came down to it .
tr	NNS	" Why must you blacken my motives at every opportunity ? "
tr	NNS	He doesn 't need tricks or techniques like that .
tr	NN	" Have a little faith . "
tr	NNS	Mike made three more trips until four of the large , deep cycle batteries graced the rear cargo area .
tr	NN	I had expected my terror to abate at my words , or my heart to stop shattering over and over , but it didn 't .
tr	NN	My tablet dinged on the table , followed by three more dings as Zella , Max , and Asher all got the same email .
tr	NN	He savors the killing element as part of sexual gratification .
tr	NN	Through a half-open door he had caught a glimpse of a table and chairs , ashtrays , recording instruments .
tr	NN	She handed Kay a platter of bacon .
tr	NNS	At least you can explain your lies about talking with Matt Veal .
tr	NN	They both know the language .
tr	NNS	" I play cards with the guys and I always go out of town for work the next morning .
tr	NN	I sipped my martini , waiting for my revulsion versus attraction to slip closer to the positive .
tr	NNS	Flying in the low altitude lanes , they bypassed the angry drivers , but not the traffic .
tr	NNS	" The old gentleman 's mother 's recipe kept the surgeons from me . "
tr	NN	Okay , so maybe she overestimated his patience .
tr	NNS	Cheyenne felt the familiar emptiness inside her except now the emptiness felt larger ... she didn 't think emptiness could expand , but it did .
tr	NN	Did Night mean the Shadow Queen ?
tr	NNS	When Sam walked toward the elevators to go out , he saw Cass behind the reception desk .
tr	NN	" I 've always respected your privacy and independence .
tr	NN	He wiped a cloth across his face , leaving a pink smear , and blinked the sweat out of his eyes .
tr	NN	If she really did have some talent , it would be kind of cool , but not if she couldn 't wield it properly .
tr	NNS	I took the cups with me .
tr	NN	Each of the other three walls had an alcove at the center .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Black , it turned out , could tie knots like a sailor .
tr	NNS	Instead of stuck in the dark , battling the ghosts of lost and pathetic Mortal boys . "
tr	NN	Write a great review or else .
tr	NNS	" Ned will give you the directions .
tr	NN	Trisha put down the rag she 'd been using to clean the counter and leaned closer .
tr	NNS	So , Quinn finalized his intended targets as Farley and Edwards .
tr	NN	On the evening of Canada 's surrender , President Davis addressed the nation : Today is a glorious day for the American Empire .
tr	NN	When Lina reached within about fifty paces of Sil , he made the leap .
tr	NNS	But she would rather sacrifice her abilities in vain , than give up the chance to be with Josh without trying .
tr	NN	This will lead to further escalation of world instability as scarce commodities no longer flow freely creating turmoil and critical shortages of food and energy .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't stockpile any chemicals or hay or let piles of junk accumulate around the barn .
tr	NN	We said goodnight , but I knew I wasn 't going to sleep .
tr	NN	She let her gaze sweep across the valley , following the lights backward to a single point in the middle of the forest .
tr	NNS	The other held miscellaneous gardening paraphernalia .
tr	NNS	Second -- this is where the rumors come in -- zombies can infect robots .
tr	NN	He had his helm tied to his saddle , and his scarred face was thoughtful .
tr	NNS	Diana , get your youngest village sisters ... and remember I want no trouble . "
tr	NN	" I had a responsibility . "
tr	NNS	The base units heard high-pitched engine noises in the distance and looked toward the other ships nearby .
tr	NN	But I do not know the password . "
tr	NN	And just like that , she wanted him in here with her , all slick and nak * d .
tr	NNS	" Besides , he 's late if he 's supposed to be with the other losers , I mean workers . "
tr	NNS	His Majesty performed the rituals of his awakening with his accustomed grace and dignity .
tr	NN	Not your most attractive quality . "
tr	NNS	A quick look around fed our suspicions that we had missed Courtney .
tr	NNS	- got connections with some shady characters who have spent most of their lives in jail . "
tr	NNS	I 'm making no moral or ethical judgments here .
tr	NN	That night they have a huge row .
tr	NNS	He 'd had his doubts when he first married her , and with good reason .
tr	NNS	She could feel the stares of the other kids burning a hole through her , and she could hear their whispers .
tr	NN	I 've never been so happy , even caught in this net , I 've never known such joy .
tr	NNS	One even pinched her buttocks and commented on what a tight package she came in .
tr	NNS	She should get points for effort .
tr	NNS	" And I am so not doing those marital aids shops ! "
tr	NN	I resist the urge to laugh .
tr	NNS	He reached the dark empty hallways and began to run .
tr	NNS	As for who -- I 've got my suspicions , but I need you to confirm them . "
tr	NNS	" He doesn 't know any tricks -- new or old .
tr	NNS	He 'd suffered terrible nightmares before finding out the truth about himself , so he knew exactly what I was going through .
tr	NNS	Ever heard tales ? "
tr	NNS	By the way , how many seeds do you still have ? "
tr	NNS	She lives a couple blocks away from me . "
tr	NNS	Give me the necklaces .
tr	NN	He made a little gesture towards the city .
tr	NN	To the unprepared traveler the weather might mean disaster , but it was what I needed to spur me into action .
tr	NN	We had missed the funeral because my parents hadn 't told us .
tr	NN	It was Friday night , the eve of her last weekend in Chicago .
tr	NNS	" But she has some jealousy issues , which got worse when we broke up . "
tr	NN	It made the Bloodstone chain ripple .
tr	NN	Marc put his pistol back under his coat and motioned for Foster to drive up to the village .
tr	NNS	I have developed my skills and seen enough movies . "
tr	NN	Someone whispered a prayer .
tr	NN	Smiled the jovial innkeeper behind the bar .
tr	NN	She washes the garbage when you and Amma aren 't lookin ' . "
tr	NNS	With over two hundred million Indonesians before ' the Pulse ' , they had sufficient numbers of people to displace the four million New Zealanders .
tr	NNS	But I still feel ... hesitant .
tr	NN	But he hadn 't wanted a repeat of what had happened with Cheryl .
tr	NNS	Tara mimicked their abilities and not only pulled our powers back out of them , but pulled all of theirs too . "
tr	NNS	Including used heroin needles .
tr	NN	Not even if us being together could cure cancer .
tr	NN	" Data entry error ? "
tr	NN	" We can get the rope back at base .
tr	NNS	He saw the reports in his head and he forced himself to check his anger .
tr	NNS	Do you ever put cattle in the field around the loading dock to graze ?
tr	NNS	A simple bath and clean clothes worked wonders .
tr	NNS	" Let your instincts guide you . "
tr	NNS	And her impeccable instincts .
tr	NN	He didn 't dare shout for fear of startling her , but when she landed , she wouldn 't be so damned lucky .
tr	NN	You have the merchandise ?
tr	NN	I shed my pilot 's uniform and throw the other set of armor on over my flight suit , putting on the other helmet .
tr	NN	Then , way back in the rear of his top bureau drawer , behind his socks , Steve tucks his treasure away .
tr	NNS	He could make his own travel arrangements .
tr	NN	' Has anyone ever had a Famous Last Run ? '
tr	NN	He will get more than a dagger to the spine when I 'm done with him . "
tr	NN	The red dwarf pushed the pavement and sat up .
tr	NN	Hugging herself tighter , Claire resisted the urge to run her hands through his unkempt hair .
tr	NNS	She pinched his ribs .
tr	NN	I remember my very first drill shortly after I arrived here .
tr	NN	That had no effect either .
tr	NNS	I don 't understand his abilities yet .
tr	NNS	" Also , most of the houses with no one living in them will still have markings on the sides . "
tr	NNS	The words in her head hit a deep abyss , until finally she heard his voice .
tr	NNS	Even if she wasn 't a married woman , she couldn 't afford distractions , not now .
tr	NN	She smiled a little sadly .
tr	NNS	I told no lies , and of the truth all I could , ' said Frodo . '
tr	NN	" We have electricity , running water , cars .
tr	NNS	The bald guy laid the futon mattress on the floor .
tr	NNS	I kissed her inner thighs as I made me way to her prize .
tr	NN	She lay unmoving , the weight still pressing against her weakened body .
tr	NN	You shouldn 't be able to switch it on just like that , it didn 't show any respect .
tr	NN	Jennifer asked succinctly , " What do you mean you came to your senses ? "
tr	NNS	I had always defended her actions to my parents , putting myself between her and them as naturally as you did with the bully .
tr	NNS	A firm knock broke the stillness .
tr	NNS	And he stopped a few yards from me , looking at me in total amazement .
tr	NNS	And they would rule those lands together , jointly , neither of them more powerful than the other .
tr	NN	Only one crew member had a different assessment .
tr	NNS	Mostly , he just barked directions at me from across the stage , and I obeyed them without answering .
tr	NN	She 'd definitely rehearsed that speech before coming in .
tr	NNS	Sheila laid the pages out on the kitchen table , and said , " Check this out . "
tr	NN	" I saw the gleam in your eye .
tr	NN	It probably could have gotten a stitch or two , but - " she halted abruptly , then quickly finished " - but it didn 't . "
tr	NN	A cop was directing traffic , trying to make the cab turn around .
tr	NN	Kylie pulled a handful of hair over her shoulder and twisted it .
tr	NN	Using a large carving knife , he expertly carved the bird and passed slices of the chicken onto the waiting plates .
tr	NNS	So many of us have such remarkable abilities .
tr	NNS	They whinny in agony and trample farms and bridges and civilisations under their hooves , his innumerable , ravenous armies flowing like burning rivers in their wake .
tr	NN	Rick presented his police ID .
tr	NNS	She carried napkins in her pack ; most of our canned goods were in mine .
tr	NNS	He arranged some paper plates and plastic cups on the table , along with plastic knives and forks .
tr	NN	The robotic arm began its slow descent , the drill whining into a fierce whirr .
tr	NN	Now unless you have some real evidence that I had anything to do with Esme 's death , get the fuck out of my house . "
tr	NN	He needed a lesson , this one .
tr	NNS	She carefully brushed the whiskers of his muzzle back , then sank her hand in the soft fur of his neck .
tr	NNS	Collin had a compass in his watch and he decided to enter the woods and see how difficult it might be to make his way through .
tr	NNS	We tied our packs on the back , started them up , and left .
tr	NNS	He squeezed her buttocks , pressed her into his aroused flesh , groaned as if in suffering .
tr	NNS	Madison and Jack studied the limited monitors repeatedly .
tr	NN	I 'm getting outta here ! "
tr	NNS	Bernard willed the wheels to turn faster as dread clutched him .
tr	NNS	They got an old mattress , blankets , a pillow , groceries , and stuff for the bathroom , like soap , a sponge , and shampoo .
tr	NNS	We found Longshot playing cards in the barracks ; he had his sleeves rolled up , exposing weathered forearms .
tr	NNS	" Like every other building out there ... " My head flops to the side .
tr	NNS	Have some budgetary issues I have to take care of . "
tr	NN	Sebastian gives my shoulder a reassuring squeeze .
tr	NNS	Their friends each held silky cloths under which something was hidden .
tr	NNS	So they canceled the meetings . "
tr	NNS	" I take the necessary actions to escort the soul to its proper realm . "
tr	NN	Once the tires spun up in the mud with no forward motion even at idle , Daniel killed the ignition and got out .
tr	NNS	" We 'll also make nice targets .
tr	NN	He smothered a snort .
tr	NN	Remember the actor who killed himself with a blank round a few years ago ?
tr	NN	Angelica recognized her intent and rushed to help her push it against the door .
tr	NN	She found a dawning of hope within her heart , but quickly pushed it away .
tr	NNS	Lines were forming down the aisles , men in white lab coats directing traffic .
tr	NNS	They bracketed the upper floors of the same five buildings .
tr	NNS	Did she have any abilities ? "
tr	NNS	Lia inspected her fingernails .
tr	NNS	August closed the pamphlets .
tr	NNS	I don 't need the sarcastic remarks to remind me ! "
tr	NNS	" Now compose the teams ! "
tr	NNS	Only get twelve paces before striking another wall .
tr	NN	I got off the sofa and I noticed that Sophia was sitting close to the fire , staring at the fireplace .
tr	NN	She had been expecting an argument of some kind , and stopped short .
tr	NNS	MaryAnn took several breaths , unable to see into his mind .
tr	NN	" Did you light a candle for my husband and baby ? "
tr	NN	she asked a little breathlessly .
tr	NNS	Sometimes she would see dead cats and other refuse floating by .
tr	NN	He began a slow , soothing massage to ease some of the tension out of her .
tr	NN	His arms gave her a gentle squeeze then he queried , " Did I say anything to you ? "
tr	NN	He brushed a strand of hair away from my cheek .
tr	NN	I 'll tell my assistant to e-mail it to you .
tr	NN	Michael would never shirk his duty .
tr	NNS	Give me those pots and don 't put us on the beach . "
tr	NN	She couldn 't stop the warm sensation that flooded through her at his apprehension .
tr	NNS	Historia walked a few paces from the castle and put her hand up .
tr	NNS	Propaganda , bombings , arms shipments ... " Zeus shook his head .
tr	NN	Gabby , unsure of what else to do , spread her towel and did exactly the same thing .
tr	NNS	No reason to speak her fears aloud .
tr	NNS	He changed switch positions on the monitor .
tr	NN	Whitney had his own agenda and had someone in his pocket in the CIA with enough clout to make a deal with one of the rebel leaders .
tr	NN	Gita hugged a pillow in front of her , as if for protection .
tr	NN	He walked up the hill with black hatred in his heart .
tr	NN	For sixteen years , he wanted revenge for his father 's death .
tr	NN	Do you have a pressing appointment somewhere ?
tr	NNS	" Hmmm , so was he broke as a result , did he have money troubles ?
tr	NNS	When it was over , he 'd have pages and pages of ideas submitted to the people who actually implemented whatever he came up with .
tr	NNS	They were wearing long white coats and rubber boots .
tr	NNS	All the pain inside him , all the dark , insecure caverns of his mind illuminated .
tr	NNS	Mike explained the accommodations as well as the washing facilities set up by the military .
tr	NNS	With strong arms , they pulled themselves up onto the rope they had secured , daggers in their mouths ready for any danger .
tr	NNS	The queer nature of the love lashed the knots of confusions unto my soul .
tr	NNS	" But I can make two trips . "
tr	NN	Down the hallway , deep ahead , Sam saw a lump of dark hair by the doorway to the bedroom he had just moved out of .
tr	NN	Both came back filthy , smeared with dirt and grime .
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths before he answered .
tr	NN	You super ski bunny ? "
tr	NN	When I get back , we can make an announcement to the others . "
tr	NNS	You 've been given enough opportunities to make your choice . "
tr	NNS	" So many abandoned kids or children from troubled backgrounds have bonding issues . "
tr	NNS	She fell backwards , finally releasing the axe .
tr	NN	He recognized the huge , thickly cushioned furniture with its frilly tassels .
tr	NN	From a bag in the corner , he pulled out a package of tea lights and a box of matches .
tr	NNS	Can we feed the ducks ? "
tr	NN	She never wanted the lust to end .
tr	NNS	" I have no business contacts here .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my palms along his arms , until my hands came to rest on top of his .
tr	NNS	You couldn 't teach old dogs new tricks because the old dogs just freaking didn 't care to learn .
tr	NN	He kissed her goodnight .
tr	NNS	One of them checked the heart and oxygen monitors , while the other leaned over me .
tr	NN	I yell over the sound of rain pounding the pavement .
tr	NN	" Without success . "
tr	NN	Murray turned a little sheepish .
tr	NNS	Most of those who worked the outposts did not wear their dive suits inside their living quarters .
tr	NNS	Just then , Mac and Beau approached the sisters , who stood beside a potted fern .
tr	NNS	" Humans have alarm systems , big dogs , and hired security to protect them . "
tr	NN	The sight confused her deeper , a young man gagged and blindfolded awaited with tied hands .
tr	NN	Seek the devil and the devil you shall find ?
tr	NNS	She inundated all my senses , her comfort only amplifying the pain .
tr	NN	Sarah resisted the urge to retreat .
tr	NN	He removed the picture frame and dumped the broken shards from that into the bin .
tr	NN	My heart didn 't stop its wild hammering until we were well away from there .
tr	NNS	It does have dragons in it , but I regret to say , not very much action .
tr	NNS	" I have no arguments or queries with that . "
tr	NNS	Most still held their spears .
tr	NNS	They didn 't wear uniforms but looked to be very well organized and aware of their surroundings .
tr	NN	Bryan made a ' Be quiet ' gesture with his hands .
tr	NN	Ducking under the sail , thrashing wildly with his suit , Jason could only glimpse the blitzkrieg poor Mandy was enduring .
tr	NN	A few had soft firelight or luminous kelp glowing behind shuttered windows .
tr	NNS	Got the fangs to prove it . "
tr	NNS	" Unless Mr. Thorne has any objections . "
tr	NN	She forwarded the email to Jack .
tr	NNS	Every time she fell asleep , she had nightmares .
tr	NN	She blasted her horn but Nick had already sensed the large pine tree falling .
tr	NNS	But John gave me good directions .
tr	NN	She gulped down a mouthful of air .
tr	NN	It would certainly need needle and thread and a lot of praying that he didn 't succumb to a fever .
tr	NNS	Plus , we 'll hopefully have three more mouths to feed . "
tr	NN	They would check the caller ID first , since they never answered calls from numbers they didn 't recognize - " Hey , darlin ' . "
tr	NNS	" Angels have families , too . "
tr	NN	" This damp weather plays havoc with it . "
tr	NN	I 've never had the responsibility . "
tr	NNS	As she moved around the room , she could see the various pots where their food was prepared .
tr	NN	She stopped pacing , not realizing she had been doing it to begin with .
tr	NNS	They had changed lovers as often as they changed their hairstyles and nail polish .
tr	NN	But she knew the tune .
tr	NN	Zack threw a pillow at him .
tr	NNS	I don 't have fifty cents .
tr	NNS	Mike was holding out his palms .
tr	NNS	I had purposely left my shields down tonight so I could monitor Georgia and her emotions were ... odd .
tr	NN	he tried his confounded best to assert his point .
tr	NN	She evidently did function , even if she didn 't remember anything she said or did during the next hours .
tr	NNS	" They are all taking classes via satellite , with a computer hook up . "
tr	NN	Marty twirled the blue pen in his right hand and sat thinking .
tr	NN	" Let 's go then , " he said and took her wrap and draped it over her shoulders .
tr	NN	The attention his actions had drawn would only hasten the confrontation he 'd been preparing for from the start .
tr	NNS	Only twenty minutes ago she 'd needed all her defenses against Duncan .
tr	NNS	Ted took several deep breaths and tried to relax .
tr	NN	" At least we have proof that Lawrence is still alive and well . "
tr	NNS	" And what do you think your chances of winning are ? "
tr	NNS	They built wooden houses and the fences .
tr	NN	He also has his umbrella .
tr	NNS	She started down the aisles and didn 't stop until she was on the opposite end of the building from where she started .
tr	NNS	How long have we been fighting the witches ?
tr	NNS	With one hand his father held the two cups and with the other he grabbed the pole and started to walk down to the lake .
tr	NNS	They girls laid out some cloths and lit some candles .
tr	NN	When a seagull landed on it , John fired and hit the bird in the chest , stunning it .
tr	NNS	He leaned down , his lips inches from my ear .
tr	NN	You get a cake if the number you 're standing on is called out when the music stops .
tr	NN	" No -- he had his own fate .
tr	NN	I grabbed a napkin and dried my eyes before I gave him weak smile .
tr	NN	Liz felt the older woman stiffen under the direct attack , but she was not lacking in firepower herself .
tr	NN	She felt an echo back : satisfaction , hunger , and a deep well of love .
tr	NN	But I 'll suck your cock until you come .
tr	NNS	They match the ballet flats she paired with skinny jeans and a pink blouse .
tr	NNS	If we 're lucky we 'll have the cameras in the right places and we 'll get a glimpse of them . "
tr	NNS	She threw the covers off and hurried out of bed .
tr	NNS	" But you have other attributes . "
tr	NNS	" I don 't have figures , but the exhaust temperatures of these engines are apparently several times hotter than anything ever before developed .
tr	NNS	They celebrated their valiant heroes .
tr	NNS	I can only remember small bits and pieces of it now , but that was the beginning of total silence for me .
tr	NNS	He ignored the frosting crumbs .
tr	NNS	Ship had assumed attributes of God or Satan .
tr	NN	he spat , defiance embodied .
tr	NN	What rank did you say you were ? "
tr	NN	Yeah , seeing something like this and believing I 'm not a demon is testing your faith .
tr	NNS	Looking back he could just make out the forms he was leaving behind .
tr	NNS	He could almost see the wheels turning .
tr	NNS	She shuffled the cards and dealt them .
tr	NNS	He gulped down the remains of the bottle and set it back on the table .
tr	NNS	Apparently , someone else had been haunting the corridors .
tr	NNS	He didn 't see any monkeys , but could hear them calling , their presence probably a curse in these parts and probably hunted .
tr	NN	' But Since It Was Effectively Just One Large Spot , It Removed The Whole Suit . ' '
tr	NN	" Don 't worry honey .
tr	NN	You enjoy your own little private concert each night while you sleep . "
tr	NN	" But , I didn 't see anybody . "
tr	NNS	The thought intensifies her fears just when she thought she couldn 't be more afraid .
tr	NNS	She 's done all sorts of brave things since I got hurt .
tr	NNS	She searched her visions once again to see if something else was more appealing .
tr	NN	Mr. Bentley shot him several worried looks and then finally put down his teacup .
tr	NNS	The handle turns , round and round , cogs , wheels and teeth . "
tr	NN	Taking a last deep breath of scented air , he left the temple and went to the police station to find out if he had a future .
tr	NN	Rachel picked up one shoe and flipped it over to see the price .
tr	NN	His thick fingers idly caressed the soft tablecloth .
tr	NN	Jolene swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	So do wolves . "
tr	NN	A hand grabbed a whole handful of my shirt and dragged me into a building .
tr	NN	I had a hunch it would be them .
tr	NNS	I passed all my classes . "
tr	NN	He pushes the document across the table with two fingers .
tr	NNS	He kicked apart my thighs with his knees so he could settle between them .
tr	NN	My swinging blows have no effect on him , and he drives me hard into the closed front door .
tr	NNS	" We are , after all , his only sisters . "
tr	NN	said the floppy duck .
tr	NN	As she was approaching the Wyoming border , she took the exit ramp to Interstate 15 .
tr	NNS	I can see the lies and fear in your eyes .
tr	NN	The pictures had never done justice to her eyes , though , which were large and luminous .
tr	NNS	I pull the covers up over me and lock my hands together behind my head , looking up at the stars on my ceiling .
tr	NNS	She kissed him back , his hardness against her stomach .
tr	NN	The plate did a little leap of its own , three or four inches , perhaps , and then settled back where it had been .
tr	NN	Maddie caught his meaning .
tr	NNS	" I own your orgasms . "
tr	NNS	Even through the layers of our clothes , the pressure and friction sent currents of pleasure , fueling my hunger for direct contact .
tr	NNS	" They 're floating bombs ! "
tr	NN	It 's call ed the Church of the Holy Sepulchre .
tr	NNS	His hair-trigger reliance on lawsuits greatly warmed the hearts of Rohr and company , and his handicap was a plaintiff 's lawyer 's dream .
tr	NN	The success of his company over the past three years had raised his reputation to that of a first-class financier .
tr	NN	But I pushed away the fatigue .
tr	NNS	They even put candles on top and lit them .
tr	NN	" So you have a nephew , too . "
tr	NNS	She 'd already seen the dogs in action .
tr	NNS	She certainly had some obligations as the maid of honor .
tr	NNS	" I don 't feel blocks .
tr	NN	The sound made her cringe before she even turned to see the hideous creature that had issued it .
tr	NN	I 've seen the plague before ... there are cases every year in the US and in the Caribbean .
tr	NN	I get a basket and roses and a big pink dress .
tr	NN	The man caught the spear shaft in his mouth and bit down .
tr	NN	This wasn 't about just repaying some debt anymore .
tr	NNS	Nicole stares at me blankly for a moment and then an unguarded smile creases her face , tears shining in her eyes .
tr	NNS	We hadn 't nearly done enough drugs for any of that , but still .
tr	NNS	I recognized various buildings , and I could see the monastery 's walls jutting out from the skyline to my right .
tr	NN	I glimpsed a tentacle as it snatched a Keeper . "
tr	NN	He 'd earned his nickname , Brick , by being the most hardheaded guy in their rescue squadron .
tr	NN	" Did the flight to Alaska look legit ? "
tr	NNS	Jake searched the pockets of the unconscious man until he found his gun in the inside jacket pocket .
tr	NN	Todd picked up a whip and flexed it .
tr	NN	If she wasn 't , well then we had some digging to do .
tr	NN	The one whose voice made shivers run up and down my spine .
tr	NN	He moved the chocolate back to her lips and she took another bite .
tr	NNS	" The so called ' servants ' . "
tr	NNS	Joseph rubbed his temples as if they throbbed .
tr	NNS	When the sun had completely set they divided the deer .
tr	NNS	Believe me , I 'd racked my brains .
tr	NN	He kneaded my butt .
tr	NNS	His mom must have chosen those role models well , because no doubt Tanner would make a great parent someday .
tr	NNS	" Yes , I found the wires .
tr	NNS	Relaxing into a chair I could count one , two , three reflections of myself without moving .
tr	NNS	The President would build new roads , schools , hospitals , and bridges .
tr	NN	With a smile to herself , she grabbed her duffel and went in search of a storage locker .
tr	NN	They took my cub . "
tr	NN	Why hadn 't she maintained an attitude of discovery ?
tr	NN	She could hear the humor in his voice .
tr	NNS	The vampire lay breathless for a moment , shocked at the incredible strength in that blow .
tr	NNS	He hooked his thumbs in his wide leather belt .
tr	NNS	Hopefully , I 'd find similarities and answers in one of the three files I 'd requested .
tr	NN	" They threw Nate 's backpack down the hill today . "
tr	NNS	' Doesn 't this place give you the creeps ?
tr	NNS	Jason moved his thumbs so that they brushed my stomach in a gentle caress .
tr	NN	I could see his light attitude set Gem 's mind at ease .
tr	NNS	We have no real hospitals in the districts .
tr	NN	Did she actually obey his command ?
tr	NNS	In this dream he could hear birds chirping outside creating a pretty melody .
tr	NNS	He must have been carrying condoms , because suddenly he was putting one on with shaking hands .
tr	NNS	He still had nightmares about it .
tr	NN	In silence he and Jake crossed the rooftop to where the three women stood .
tr	NNS	He brushed off a few more spines to reveal other titles .
tr	NN	Could someone really adopt a persona that wholly ?
tr	NNS	Stop our hearts from beating . "
tr	NN	He has a vendetta against me .
tr	NNS	I hear a similar tale about the Chinook , shoulder mounted missiles fired from the residential blocks .
tr	NN	She pulled the canister of tea leaves from a shopping bag .
tr	NNS	I can see no houses . "
tr	NNS	She hated the lies .
tr	NNS	" Just chemicals and stuff .
tr	NN	Kate devoured a synthetic gammon paste , followed by a handful of her completely crumbled apple biscuit .
tr	NN	Her emotions were overriding her logic and it felt as though a giant weight had settled on her shoulders .
tr	NNS	By the way , you can keep the hundred dollars . "
tr	NNS	No bird had ever possessed such unique and distinctive markings .
tr	NNS	" Pardon your French , monsieur . "
tr	NN	" Don 't worry I will brother , I will not allow his affront to my honor to go unchecked any longer , what of the king ?
tr	NN	" Now that you mention it , though , it is getting a little sore . "
tr	NN	A shiver runs up my spine .
tr	NN	His silly question broke my scowl .
tr	NNS	She could now perceived her surroundings .
tr	NNS	Beautiful ancient buildings and shiny modern ones too .
tr	NN	Sally and I reentered my lab and I saw six numbers with words ' Location Gate ' flashing on the computer screen .
tr	NNS	" Do save your ' efforts ' for when you have a real fiancee . "
tr	NN	I already learned that lesson once .
tr	NNS	" We cannot let outsiders into our meeting . "
tr	NN	That only increased my unease .
tr	NNS	I do not know any Christians who drink alcohol . "
tr	NNS	The streets he walked on were abandoned corridors .
tr	NN	With your willing co-operation , however , we can together forge a single strong nation , ruled jointly by you and us !
tr	NNS	The wall mimicked my movements .
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to light the lighter .
tr	NNS	After a quick briefing on what to do in the event the plane crashed , the pilot revved the engines .
tr	NN	She pulled off the wool cap .
tr	NNS	Finally , I combed the knots out of my long hair and redid my ponytail .
tr	NNS	The book knew his deepest desires .
tr	NN	" I ... I have no gown that I could possibly wear to such a function , and that is the deciding factor .
tr	NNS	In the distance on most days , Roark saw bands of them hurrying westward , apparently not caring that there were potential victims within sight .
tr	NN	Boone asked the two state policemen at the counter after collecting the hefty bounty .
tr	NNS	You 'll also have credit cards , but I reserve the right to reject things you purchase if they don 't suit me . "
tr	NN	Sye took out a bolt from his quiver and tentatively reached out it .
tr	NNS	The sun , already below the horizon , still highlighted scattered clouds against the dark sky .
tr	NNS	She had three young sons who ran her ragged with their school and sports activities , and Ella and her husband loved every minute of it .
tr	NNS	We have taken samples , but I 'm not expecting an explanation . "
tr	NN	He 'll just be paying a premium .
tr	NN	The light had no substance , and I had to contain it with my mind .
tr	NN	My face doesn 't get the memo and blushes .
tr	NNS	Those techniques disarmed clients .
tr	NNS	" Just how much input did you have on this canoeing plan ? "
tr	NNS	He would send his armies against all the pyramid cities , one by one they would fall .
tr	NN	There it was -- proof that little pitchers do indeed have big ears .
tr	NNS	Somewhere along the line he 'd entered uncharted waters despite his best intentions .
tr	NNS	She kicked the scales back under the vanity and burst into tears .
tr	NN	" He must take the oath first .
tr	NN	Can Constance keep up the charade under duress ?
tr	NN	The flight crew boarded the aircraft , began working their checklists , and updated their flight plan .
tr	NNS	I 'd take my chances with what 's behind door number one .
tr	NNS	Once again he placed his palms directly over the gaping wound .
tr	NNS	One of the men lifts his goggles to see what this excursion would be like without them .
tr	NNS	She found some apples in the refrigerator too , and had sliced and baked them with cinnamon and sugar for dessert .
tr	NN	She took a towel and covered herself with it .
tr	NN	Anyone got a baseball bat ?
tr	NNS	In the dim light , she could still make out the few freckles that had formed on his face .
tr	NNS	" I would think melted candy tastes better than demon souls . "
tr	NNS	" Aggression , hostility , rage - maybe they all have scents , scents that human beings can , t ordinarily measure .
tr	NNS	' Some idiot has smothered their filthy fingerprints all over this car . '
tr	NNS	Others had better self-preservation instincts .
tr	NN	She just didn 't want his pity because it played on her already pervasive sense that she couldn 't be the kind of woman Matthew needed .
tr	NN	She could have also have taken the gauntlet by cutting off my arm and yet hadn 't .
tr	NN	It took a lot not to smile and whisper in her ear every single detail about the very vivid images running through my mind .
tr	NN	Several messages included the topic of money changing , changing the currencies of a country to another .
tr	NNS	Do you recall my academic accomplishments in school ?
tr	NN	Patch could give his ball cap to whoever he wanted .
tr	NN	But I have their respect .
tr	NNS	This caused the staff members to start running , thankfully , towards him and not away from him .
tr	NNS	They trudged down the snowy sidewalks , careful not to slip on patches of ice .
tr	NNS	Lauren would likely sell millions of dollars worth of books over the next decade .
tr	NN	I grabbed a cold soda from the tray and began sucking it down .
tr	NN	I knew the rider .
tr	NN	We need a Healer . "
tr	NNS	I was almost pulled flat against the bench now , my breasts rubbing against the padded surface .
tr	NN	The spider snapped its whip to the right .
tr	NN	" Not only was Art doing two talks with me , he had a solo presentation planned . "
tr	NNS	-- he played jokes on her .
tr	NNS	Julienne sets down her chopsticks .
tr	NNS	And I could feel the speeds picking up , faster and faster .
tr	NN	His rank now had one white star beside it .
tr	NNS	We 've developed all these synthetic drugs -- or at least we 've developed them for the rich .
tr	NN	And it had a strange opaque quality about it - almost like a phosphorescent mist .
tr	NNS	" She 's got issues .
tr	NNS	These guys had been running drugs and guns and smuggling people in and out of the States for months .
tr	NN	Amica was not sure what to say , she liked this woman immensely .
tr	NN	His speed creeps up past eighty as we race toward town .
tr	NNS	If you can come over tomorrow afternoon , we 'll tell my folks about us .
tr	NN	I perfect my miniature noose .
tr	NNS	She could feel the heaviness of her eyes , as she rocked lightly and looked over the room .
tr	NN	Pop psychology 101 ? "
tr	NN	A matching silk bra and thong completed the outfit .
tr	NN	He hit my fork with his and dug in like he hadn 't eaten in ten years .
tr	NNS	I had powers no woman should possess .
tr	NNS	Her four-poster bed had heavy drapes around it , the wooden pillars as thick as any warrior 's chest .
tr	NNS	" Kasey , I have no expectations .
tr	NNS	" I have hit smaller targets ? "
tr	NNS	Aldred stroked the tiles of the mural , feeling the rough edges under his fingers .
tr	NN	The soft as a feather motion wrung a low , ragged moan out of me .
tr	NN	Just the same , he took the revolver out of his pocket and carried it in his hand .
tr	NN	I take responsibility , of course .
tr	NNS	From the nearest tower , a whistle blew two short signals .
tr	NN	The doctor said if it didn 't cause pain , she could use a special boot they made to go over casts for walking .
tr	NN	If one could understand it now , it would only do one harm .
tr	NNS	Marvin had several corporations and two business partners ; I have the names , phone numbers , that sort of thing .
tr	NN	The thought made her heart knot .
tr	NN	She couldn 't just pick anybody .
tr	NNS	I watched her use eye drops on at least two occasions . "
tr	NNS	A pair of eyes glowed a few inches away .
tr	NNS	On Thursday , Kelly picked Tess up after school to take her for ice cream .
tr	NN	Obviously pleased , he smiled and Celeste felt a blast of ... heat so strong it silenced her .
tr	NNS	I was putting trays of eggs in the fridge when there was a rap at the back door and Cal Peterson walked in .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	How would thinking he 's an angel cause complications ? '
tr	NNS	He studied the noises I made as he kissed my collar bone , as he gently tugged at a nipple with his teeth .
tr	NN	I know your argument .
tr	NNS	Thought I heard Kitten hiss .
tr	NNS	I checked all the connections and made sure there wasn 't any dust on them , but they still just aren 't 100 % .
tr	NN	I could see the craft trying to climb .
tr	NNS	That speaks volumes for his skill level .
tr	NN	" I know the budget .
tr	NN	Invisible or not , the animal knew her exact location .
tr	NN	They certainly had no loyalty to his cause .
tr	NN	She remembered the warning and concern in his eyes vividly the day he had given her the dagger .
tr	NN	I can understand the distinction between the Father and the Son without bringing in space or matter , because the one begets and the other is begotten .
tr	NN	Which brought another realization to mind .
tr	NN	Burnett frowned and Kylie got the impression that whatever Burnett was doing , he was doing it for the school and maybe even Holiday .
tr	NNS	And since then , I get these cravings for it every now and then .
tr	NN	" We have pasta , French fries , salad , Mac and Cheese , and my personal favorite the grilled cheese . "
tr	NN	Danial spun his fork in his fingers , toying aimlessly with his food .
tr	NNS	Like a deer in the headlights ! "
tr	NN	Antoine gave Paul a hearty clap on the shoulder .
tr	NNS	She shot daggers at the man standing there smirking at her .
tr	NNS	Go tell the catapult crews to get ready .
tr	NN	The moment they came in contact , an instantaneous prickle of awareness ran down Saber 's spine .
tr	NN	He loosely pressed the wad of tape over Maks 's nose .
tr	NNS	Katie had crossed most items off and written names next to them stating who was giving the gift .
tr	NNS	The press corps was out in full , their scuffed shoes treading the terrazzo floors of the Auditorium Theatre .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't afford distractions and would never call it by any other name than that .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	With each breath that he exhaled he could feel the tension flow from his body and the stresses slip from his mind .
tr	NN	Sticking it down on the tabletop , he produced a pen from another pocket .
tr	NN	I await the Queen to call upon me , and I shall see if my hope will come to fruition .
tr	NNS	" Of course you don 't , because you don 't have the brains the Maker gave a bloody gnat ! "
tr	NN	Two suits entered the terminal from the same passage he 'd just negotiated .
tr	NN	She gave him a pointed glare .
tr	NN	Perfect husband material . "
tr	NNS	" We had several favorite restaurants . "
tr	NN	I fought the urge to gag .
tr	NN	Trying so hard not to cry , I could feel my lips tremble .
tr	NNS	It had shelves that stretched floor to ceiling .
tr	NN	We have important cargo . "
tr	NN	With all these girls locked away here , the uncles could at least put up a swing .
tr	NNS	Both the new Designate and the old would have motives for killing Grieg .
tr	NNS	Signal the mules to stand ready .
tr	NNS	Every night , I 'd have nightmares , and every day I would walk around in a fog .
tr	NNS	The audience squeaked their chairs in the morning heat .
tr	NNS	I 've got meetings all day long . "
tr	NN	I pulled my pillow onto my lap .
tr	NN	He ran his knuckles along the side of my face then headed out the door .
tr	NNS	Her lover had fangs of his own .
tr	NNS	She may not have your abilities but it doesn 't mean her children won 't . "
tr	NNS	Or maybe his mind was playing tricks on him and he had never read a book in his life .
tr	NN	He crossed the threshold and shut the door .
tr	NN	By clearing out the building to protect the mortals , they 'd opened the entire complex to an Infernal infestation .
tr	NNS	I quickly pulled the hearts from around his neck and sidestepped as he swung a fist toward me and roared in rage .
tr	NNS	" Take two deep breaths and calm down . "
tr	NN	But I do not see another option .
tr	NNS	" I 'd rather take my chances with an Elvis impersonator . "
tr	NNS	With each letter I send , I could be sending lies .
tr	NN	It 'd favor your coloring , actually .
tr	NNS	" I find the gigs that they need and act as a go-between . "
tr	NNS	Reaching down , he felt the pockets of my sweatpants .
tr	NNS	They wore military uniforms .
tr	NN	' For a work place violation . '
tr	NN	Ten years ago , Hart Mackenzie hadn 't had a pristine reputation .
tr	NNS	" I 've highlighted the active members .
tr	NNS	Extend greetings from Henry of England and escort them to the Scottish border .
tr	NNS	Our boats report their movements from one dive site to the next .
tr	NN	He held a horse whip in on hand , and I glared hard at it for a second without realizing it .
tr	NNS	Erin pulled the covers up past her waist .
tr	NN	I can feel the huge lump of fear clogging my throat .
tr	NN	Whatever had happened up there , it had loosened the resistance on the metal tendrils .
tr	NN	When a moment of silence was asked for , Donovan whispered a prayer of thanks that his family was safe .
tr	NN	" I did not sense harm in them . "
tr	NNS	We don 't allow students to break the dress code when school is in session . "
tr	NNS	Whoever had said one could drown in another 's eyes must have been describing Prince Durante 's endless azure seas and the submersion of their focus .
tr	NN	Each vampire seeks his Bride , his eternal wife , and walks as the living dead until he finds her .
tr	NN	Half a dozen kids played basketball in a driveway down the block , but otherwise , the hot , humid afternoon was silent .
tr	NNS	Her fingers had tiny suction cups on their ends .
tr	NNS	" I may not need my brother 's spells as long as I come down to the beach often enough . "
tr	NNS	We have some changes to make , changes that are essential to the play , and I want all the leads to know about them now . "
tr	NNS	Now all he has to do is alter the lyrics .
tr	NNS	The next time she looked up she saw the hulking pillars and dome of the Capitol .
tr	NNS	Brows drawn together intently , she studied the numbers on the cubes .
tr	NNS	Along with amnesia , I must 've lost any and all filters .
tr	NN	Here he constructed the framework that the music was built around .
tr	NNS	" Maybe that 'll stir up some leads . "
tr	NNS	She ignored my attempts to slap at her hand while she forced my eyelid closed with her makeup brush .
tr	NN	She had kept the same style since the eighties with her bright plastic earrings and her dark dramatic hair shingled short in the neck .
tr	NNS	It just hung in the air only inches from him and crashed to the floor without anyone noticing .
tr	NN	Reese gave a startled shout of laughter .
tr	NN	I swallowed down a bolt of panic .
tr	NNS	" You 'd jeopardize your clients by allowing a prosecutor access to your files ? "
tr	NN	I ordered a delivery pizza .
tr	NN	I 'll protect both her reputation and her life with my own .
tr	NNS	He took three samples .
tr	NNS	These styles predated consumer market digital cameras .
tr	NN	He resisted an urge to check his tablet .
tr	NN	Lori had given them a nice handicap , but even she 'd gotten better by the end of the second game .
tr	NN	After a minute , she stopped pacing and once again arranged the folds of her cloak .
tr	NNS	Soon the men were harvesting the olives , batting the branches of the groves with their long sticks and gathering the berries .
tr	NNS	All along , he 'd had the reins .
tr	NN	I don 't want her anywhere near Caroline . "
tr	NN	He threw a gesture at the elevator .
tr	NN	I had just handed a document to everyone when Marshall referenced it .
tr	NN	Fortunately Rebecca had long ago perfected her immunity to his rugged virility .
tr	NNS	People threw coins in his lap .
tr	NNS	They implemented measures that were sure to include surveillance carried out by the means of their invisible instrumentation .
tr	NNS	I see One flinch .
tr	NNS	And you have more issues with public displays than I do . "
tr	NN	I burnt his lab down with my blundering attempt at a rescue mission .
tr	NNS	Eduardo had mirrored Durante 's actions with Jade , as if they 'd agreed to .
tr	NN	She put the needle down , picked up the alcohol swipe , and turned to him .
tr	NN	Once this was done , he slid the pump forward , pushing the block and firing pin into position .
tr	NN	We can 't use equipment guided by personal considerations .
tr	NNS	Tony studied the blueprints and discussed the options .
tr	NNS	The Yankee 's horse munched straw to one side , still saddled , reins hanging loose .
tr	NN	I gave him a quick shove in their direction .
tr	NN	Sooner or later , every 1 will let u down . "
tr	NNS	Truth be told , the feds don 't even need the burdensome reports they require of banks .
tr	NN	She has so much willpower , she was capable to do so much things but it 's not sure you would see her again so much pleasure .
tr	NN	Andrew didn 't have very much faith in women 's motives .
tr	NNS	My client could smell billions in profits .
tr	NNS	He stopped a few inches from the window and gazed at the desserts with the intensity of a starving man .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't read my own signals , but I could tell it was time for a change .
tr	NN	Yet here she stood with her stomach knotted and spine rigid , her entire frame riddled with vibrating tension .
tr	NN	" Like a fish out of water ? "
tr	NNS	The Conglomerate spent countless centuries as an impotent coalition of planetary representatives , holding sessions and debating issues that never changed anything .
tr	NN	" They left a marker in 2000 ? "
tr	NN	" What the fuck is that ? "
tr	NN	And blew the entire lid off .
tr	NN	Take a hot bath and relax here until I return . "
tr	NNS	" Wherever he is , he 's still beyond or outside tracking capabilities .
tr	NN	Mary Ellen set the pen on the desk atop her stationery and turned around in the chair to face the maid .
tr	NNS	Maybe he had told the kidnappers that she had not contacted Chris yet .
tr	NNS	Building his hotel chain throughout Africa must have given him powerful political contacts in the countries where he 'd invested big money .
tr	NNS	He got the wheels spinning in there and once they were greased up and moving , there was no stopping them .
tr	NN	She never liked his even-tempered demeanor , but sometimes she could prod a reaction from him .
tr	NNS	The unions were replacing moderate leaders with hardliners as quickly as they could , to take on Margaret Thatcher .
tr	NNS	She 's been having contractions for the past two hours .
tr	NNS	And then I fed our two little babies .
tr	NN	" My compliments to the chef , " I told the server .
tr	NN	I had an extensive collection on display in the entertainment center .
tr	NN	She had a stylized marine corps emblem tattooed on her left buttock .
tr	NNS	He much preferred numbers such as 404 , 133 , and 918 .
tr	NN	" They fixed the leak .
tr	NNS	Somehow my two months off didn 't hurt my skills at all .
tr	NNS	' Just keep believing ! '
tr	NN	His hands lifted the hem and moved upwards , slowly caressing every inch of her thighs until he reached her bottom again .
tr	NNS	He smoothed down her whiskers .
tr	NNS	We didn 't have dates for the rest of the trip . "
tr	NNS	" How many pairs of trousers do you wear at the same time ? "
tr	NNS	Rising to his feet before he did something stupid like take her in his arms and kiss her senseless , he gathered their plates .
tr	NNS	He took a couple deep breaths .
tr	NN	Thank god for small favors .
tr	NNS	" You 've got three pack females training to be midwives .
tr	NN	A long bridge built out of brick and wood was joining the castle to the land to allow travelling between the mainland and the castle .
tr	NN	" Tell me the code !
tr	NNS	He took two incredible leaps to her side , assessed the situation , and trotted to her glasses .
tr	NN	Along the way I made some observation about the night being cold .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't hold all the cards like she thinks she does .
tr	NNS	His eyes held no brightness .
tr	NNS	We have spells that will activate if they turn .
tr	NNS	Maybe then we 'll really want numbers . "
tr	NN	I let the tears flow , feeling the slightest bit freer , feeling like I can breathe again .
tr	NNS	The servers brought plates of food and we were served lobster , shrimp , scallops , steak , pasta , and vegetables , among many others .
tr	NNS	" Baron , I believe we have arrangements to discuss . "
tr	NN	Having sex with Ryan didn 't fill her instantaneously with the love she thought she 'd feel .
tr	NN	" We don 't yet know the extent of Jill 's involvement in this .
tr	NNS	She handed us plastic cards with a credit card strip on the back .
tr	NN	To avoid the possibility of addiction .
tr	NN	" You have a wonderful operation .
tr	NNS	He took shallow breaths as he scratched his chest .
tr	NN	I feel hysteria bubble up within me .
tr	NNS	We do not scrub floors . "
tr	NNS	" I don 't want no claims about things you can can 't prove .
tr	NNS	He even paled and messed up his lyrics .
tr	NN	Gaius barely resisted the ridiculous urge to glance down and make sure he hadn 't simply vanished .
tr	NN	However , Breeze felt a simple contentment .
tr	NN	" This is great , " I say , digging in .
tr	NN	" What classes do you take ? "
tr	NN	I can still hear your moans in my ears . "
tr	NN	Anything that happened here would have no effect on her real life .
tr	NN	And she stroked the condom down his length .
tr	NNS	The screen again showed shadowy forms , and the sound of those rapid heartbeats filled the room .
tr	NNS	I remember your election campaigns .
tr	NNS	she demanded her subjects .
tr	NN	" Sonia has an affinity with wildlife .
tr	NNS	Expecting to kill a second time for vengeance , Henry had covered his tracks .
tr	NNS	She had learned the marks .
tr	NN	Not to mention the cost of keeping a fighting force of such size .
tr	NNS	One by one , they called numbers and ushered that person elsewhere .
tr	NNS	I felt bliss for a moment when I saw the sky , until I realized it was the color of spoiled milk .
tr	NN	Andrea hugged the pillow he 'd slept on to her chest .
tr	NN	Release that hot flood of rich blood .
tr	NNS	I found a couple steaks , an opened package of bacon , half an onion and a can of beans .
tr	NN	He put his fork down again .
tr	NNS	Cemeteries give me the creeps , especially the one in Shelby .
tr	NN	She let out a huff of air .
tr	NN	Her fingers stirred the arousal in his veins .
tr	NN	I now had a knot in my throat the size of a baseball , and the fried chicken simply wouldn 't go down .
tr	NN	We set sail in an hour , so come and fill your bellies and prepare to get to work ! "
tr	NN	He worked the wrap until it felt exactly right in his hand .
tr	NNS	" So you followed the tracks and then what ? "
tr	NNS	I can pay you fifty dollars for the ride and for answering a couple questions about what it 's like working this job . "
tr	NN	She begged his advice .
tr	NNS	" I can see millions of ways this could play out horribly . "
tr	NN	" Just some friendly advice . "
tr	NN	She didn 't like Melanie 's logic for one second .
tr	NNS	Kelly churned the new layers to Ethan in her mind .
tr	NN	Randa drew her Sword and began to fight , as did the others .
tr	NNS	I had no accident excuses as I 'd had with her .
tr	NN	He got no argument from me .
tr	NNS	A wild , earthy scent flooded my senses like a sweet , inviting offer .
tr	NNS	Power or not , I 'd rip your balls off if you tried that with me .
tr	NN	' So , you have nobody who can vouch for your whereabouts ? '
tr	NN	" I have made a pentagram .
tr	NNS	You 're seein the wonders of this wide country .
tr	NN	I 'd had enough rejection this week .
tr	NNS	Lyssa watched his strange actions wondering if he was just plain crazy .
tr	NNS	He has some balls to demand anything right now .
tr	NN	I grab the flute , blowing with some awful off-key music .
tr	NN	Too often , form takes priority over content ; and the superficial take precedence over the essence of an idea .
tr	NNS	He had no reserves to draw on .
tr	NN	He grabbed the cupcake and gobbled it down , licking his fingers and the wrapper .
tr	NNS	Fears followed doubts , and with the doubts came questions .
tr	NNS	" You remember those missing hikers the ranger told us about ?
tr	NN	Dorian watched every lesson with piercing eyes that caught every detail .
tr	NN	The dragon shot out a blast of fire from her nostrils .
tr	NNS	Adam looked up and I ducked so fast , I got dizzy again .
tr	NNS	" She had issues .
tr	NNS	For fun , I stacked all the plates together in my hand , and then floated the plates behind me into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Apparently he hadn 't used up all his artistic talents on me .
tr	NNS	She ignored the four blank stares as she walked out of the restaurant .
tr	NNS	The den had outdated ocean blue rugs , white paneled walls , and high ceilings .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down her spine as magic surrounded her .
tr	NNS	They all wear the gray rebel uniforms from 13 .
tr	NNS	what if they didn 't have all the supplies ?
tr	NN	They wore the same uniform as every person who wasn 't an MP , and had to have been the four biggest guys in the place .
tr	NN	" So , you want the butterfly to become your friend ? "
tr	NN	He was wearing a white t-shirt and dark blue boxer shorts .
tr	NNS	Others tracked your targets for you .
tr	NN	Gregori pulled the precious vial of blood from a small box and handed it to Dominic , who pulled the stopper out and drank without hesitation .
tr	NNS	The stream of dark blue plasma that connected her to Roku suddenly reversed directions .
tr	NNS	Say thirty dollars ? "
tr	NNS	I have no designs or aspirations on Broadway .
tr	NN	" You might as well wave the white flag right now , sweetheart , because there will be no retreat . "
tr	NN	He unscrewed the cap to his canteen and gave Zane a measuring look .
tr	NN	" Would you build another monument such as you left on the plain for all time ?
tr	NN	I saw Pratt glare at Mandy .
tr	NN	She held up her iconic parasol , a paragon of perfection against the hazel skies .
tr	NN	He slapped a magazine in front of me .
tr	NNS	They expect their leaders to take irrational risks .
tr	NN	" I would never cause harm to Claire . "
tr	NNS	He caught some bubbles in his hand and blew them across the kitchen .
tr	NN	He hadn 't worn a condom .
tr	NNS	Who alone does marvelous deeds .
tr	NN	Lifting her head up high , she lets the breeze run over her face .
tr	NNS	George was now avidly biting his fingernails .
tr	NN	Roman couldn 't mistake Rick 's meaning .
tr	NNS	To keep this belief alive , we create new gods , or at least , new rituals and new cults .
tr	NN	Collin had some very expensive equipment in the second bedroom and his photography supplies and printer .
tr	NN	He has on a cream colored polo and dark khaki shorts .
tr	NNS	A number of unfamiliar faces occupied the chairs around them .
tr	NN	He 's also self-published Destroyer , a pulpy sci-fi novella , and The Day After , a short story collection featuring a tie-in tale to his novel .
tr	NN	He gently tucked a stray curl behind her ear .
tr	NNS	They will be watching the airport and bus stations for you . "
tr	NNS	Right now my guardian angel might need reinforcements !
tr	NNS	You just promised me a hundred dollars !
tr	NN	On either side of its fuselage , just aft of the parasol wing , the Catalina had a large glass bubble .
tr	NN	Rodgers examined the jar of NIL .
tr	NN	Just tryin out this swing .
tr	NNS	She could almost imagine the cogs in his brain turning over as the silence continued , then he spoke .
tr	NNS	His breath scorched her thighs .
tr	NNS	Did I entirely trust his motives ?
tr	NNS	" Any two numbers ? "
tr	NN	" Did you bring your nephew ? "
tr	NN	" Really sir , " Wes let out a small snicker .
tr	NNS	Jackson 's words sweep the cobwebs from the corners of my cerebrum .
tr	NNS	She overloaded my senses when she once began to hum our song to me .
tr	NN	Chapter 11 Disconnect They took the package back to Sneed 's house to open it .
tr	NNS	Ben regularly surprised junior staff members with expert knowledge in multiple disciplines .
tr	NN	He turned his monitor so Helen could see .
tr	NN	" They don 't want any publicity , and Amy 's famous - as famous in some circles as an ambassador or a head of state .
tr	NNS	He snapped his fangs at me , and I only smiled , getting up and going over to him .
tr	NN	" I 'll make an appointment . "
tr	NN	He just wanted complete privacy for a short time , to find out who he was and what the next half of his life would be about .
tr	NNS	Many civil servants had joined the ranks and so mini ministerial departments had been formed .
tr	NN	He said his battery on his cell phone was running low and if I couldn 't reach him to try your mobile . "
tr	NN	" Is there any chance we can get the committee together before dinner instead of after ? "
tr	NN	And she got the impression he 'd been with her for some time .
tr	NN	Looking at the other Wolf 's face , Simon had the strong impression the Courtyard 's enforcer wasn 't easy about something .
tr	NN	They made their descent , moving at a snail 's pace .
tr	NN	Should I make a hair appointment ?
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	Suzy literally felt the life drain from her body as she sat there next to Nick .
tr	NNS	Claire pulled the covers over her head , then shivered and swore as Bethan dragged them off .
tr	NNS	" He 's been giving him drugs to slow the progress of the disease all this time . "
tr	NNS	The bird also ate seeds and berries -- downy woodpeckers are not exclusively insect eaters -- and so had stayed alive .
tr	NN	She took the magazine and thumbed through it .
tr	NNS	He has just split his defenses !
tr	NN	Yeah , forget surviving cancer .
tr	NNS	" We 're sitting ducks in here .
tr	NNS	She 'd recognized the labels of the other wines and they 'd all been excellent but there was no way she could afford those .
tr	NN	As he reached me , he held out a wad of bills and coins and dumped them into my cupped hand .
tr	NNS	He had experienced two unexpected Saturdays in a row .
tr	NN	My driver knows the drill and is very dependable . "
tr	NN	She used the black comb to pull up a section of hair and began cutting again .
tr	NNS	He tugged Zane 's briefs down , grasping the back of one of Zane 's thighs .
tr	NNS	He stroked the cables away from his body and lifted a few of them up as he looked toward Donovan .
tr	NN	Hayden carried the camera equipment .
tr	NNS	We must prepare the ingredients for a binding spell to banish the necromancer 's powers .
tr	NN	Actually , she could use some practical advice .
tr	NNS	It rode ten floors above the ground , and every building that was that high or higher held a tube station .
tr	NNS	Born in Chicago , he made easy connections with the financial director of the Archdiocese of Chicago .
tr	NN	I had no proof , nothing real to prove any of it . '
tr	NNS	The darkness was finally playing tricks on him too .
tr	NN	Then he raised the lid , slowly , deliberately .
tr	NNS	That helped immensely . "
tr	NN	He gave a snort that couldn 't possibly pass for a laugh .
tr	NN	They built a simple hut on the banks of the river and stayed there eight days while all of them rested up from the trip .
tr	NN	She and Jacob had garnered more success unearthing memories through simple brainstorming conversations .
tr	NNS	I heard someone yell .
tr	NN	The sound of more breaking glass made her skid to a stop .
tr	NNS	The woman takes several deep breaths followed by several rapid ones .
tr	NNS	" I may use unconventional methods . "
tr	NN	She was still having the seizure when we got here .
tr	NN	" The lady doth protest too much . "
tr	NNS	Jessie made the motions of a drum roll with her hands .
tr	NN	It was like watching a film .
tr	NNS	The man was a militant control freak , even timing her bathroom breaks .
tr	NNS	The whisky dulled his senses and he needed to sleep off the alcohol .
tr	NN	But despite the fact that he 'd taken her off guard , she 'd already thought this possibility through .
tr	NN	After putting the same name on the specimen bottle , she set the package aside for Brian when he arrived .
tr	NN	' They have the painting . '
tr	NN	" They know the set-up inside , where Ares has been holing up , how many he has beyond the walls , and so on . "
tr	NNS	Of course , they could all be wearing clown noses and floppy shoes and what was going on in this room would still look threatening .
tr	NNS	Besides , I have some important missions for the troops .
tr	NN	Bugs still harbored resentment toward the lass .
tr	NN	Just had an inkling . "
tr	NNS	For years she 'd been finding solutions in all kinds of unlikely situations .
tr	NNS	Code for : None of us at the bureau or the agents in the field have any leads .
tr	NN	The humans responsible for taking her coffin to the airport took Bill 's identical coffin by mistake .
tr	NN	In her hand she held a small package from Estes and Associates , Advocates of Law , Rio de Janeiro .
tr	NN	" I make jewelry .
tr	NNS	The boatman and his family and friends need the tourist dollars spread across the lake with its people as well as those on land .
tr	NN	She clutched the frame to her chest .
tr	NN	I mean , I have this effect on ... uh , parents .
tr	NN	A white bird with streaks of gold like a crown atop its head .
tr	NN	I swallowed the knot in my throat and set my jaw .
tr	NN	He took a second wad of money from a jacket pocket , equally as fat as the first , and tossed it onto the table .
tr	NNS	She 'd imagined romantic strolls and dinners looking out at the mountains .
tr	NNS	" We don 't usually need doctors .
tr	NNS	I don 't hand out second chances just because .
tr	NN	He saw a curious smile tremble on the corners of her mouth .
tr	NNS	But he had his doubts .
tr	NNS	It takes difficulties that mortals can 't deal with because they don 't have magic .
tr	NN	Hemp picked up the crossbow .
tr	NN	I told my uncle that he couldn 't believe him , that he was lying but he said they had no proof of a second man . "
tr	NN	He slapped my thigh , " You have no idea !
tr	NN	At the back of the store , a second saleswoman eyed her associate with anger .
tr	NNS	The train sped down the dark subway tunnels .
tr	NNS	" You may remember bits and pieces of your last three years , but it 's unlikely . "
tr	NNS	He could see the tiny figures of children forming a row for the day 's Choosing .
tr	NNS	My granddad must have used his connections in the music industry to get a job for his poker buddy and his screwed-up granddaughter .
tr	NN	The dead were causing the statue to totter but they had no idea of teamwork .
tr	NN	No one ever invaded my privacy like this , and I didn 't know how to react .
tr	NN	Liam felt an electrifying strand of hope .
tr	NN	" Would you do me a favor and just give me a shot ?
tr	NNS	She wiped a couple more drops from her cheek with her hand .
tr	NN	Kadie waited until the door closed after her father , then looked askance at Rylan .
tr	NNS	' We won 't leave any tracks . '
tr	NNS	" Damn right I 'll hire servants .
tr	NN	" He 'd probably like the fish and chips I 've got in the car . "
tr	NNS	I feel around for the keys , the palms of my hand scraping over the fine gravel .
tr	NNS	" See all these awesome buildings right here ? "
tr	NN	Amara fought down an urge to scream for more haste in exiting the building .
tr	NN	I heard a rumor that they might even feed us ; can ye believe it ? "
tr	NNS	Usually he makes no such references .
tr	NNS	I 'm not making excuses for my behavior , but I was really fucked up at the time and I didn 't know what I was doing .
tr	NNS	With the motorcycle zipping along , they left the quiet confines of their neighborhood .
tr	NNS	The finger quotes had exclamation points attached .
tr	NNS	" I 'll email the house shots over to you , Eddie .
tr	NNS	In your latest theory , I count at least six assumptions that have no documented precedence .
tr	NN	I did some modeling in my early teens , just for local malls and catalogs .
tr	NNS	And now the lady 's dabbing foundation al over my face .
tr	NN	" Does Norman have an unusual collection ? "
tr	NN	Now , looking up at the face she had once thought to see every morning , she felt that familiar old flutter in her chest .
tr	NNS	" Ballet classes . "
tr	NNS	Stefan tucked the covers around us .
tr	NNS	She made quick , intermittent movements , like a chicken .
tr	NNS	" Pick up some pink roses for your sister . "
tr	NNS	' You mean like ... birds ? '
tr	NN	It was like riding an elephant at the zoo in boyhood - like riding on his father 's back at a still earlier age .
tr	NN	" Don 't forget your soap ! "
tr	NN	The one who controls the proxy controls the fate .
tr	NNS	They waved their greetings and proceeded to sit in a circle on the ground amongst the coffins and around the candle that Andrei had set down .
tr	NNS	He scanned his surroundings , meticulous in his search .
tr	NNS	' You can share the erotic bits with me . '
tr	NN	" I have learned the meaning of the word fear , angel .
tr	NN	I followed Amory 's example and hunched over , crawling silently up the vertical incline .
tr	NNS	As they reached the barn , the girls heard giggles coming from inside .
tr	NNS	Consumption , said the doctors .
tr	NN	I could see intent in his eyes as he watched me .
tr	NNS	And a robot would have left marks . "
tr	NN	Shaking her arm free , Jessamine pointed her parasol at the goblin .
tr	NNS	Jordan felt dizzy with relief .
tr	NNS	Woods I had drunk three cups of coffee that morning to prepare myself for the early tee time I had with Nile .
tr	NNS	I have several forms here for you to sign . "
tr	NN	Cassie lifted its cap and poured its contents out over the logs .
tr	NN	Like her mother , she 'd been born a white dragon .
tr	NN	It carried the faintest fragrance of cedar , and felt as comfortable as a warm blanket as Corinne slipped into it .
tr	NN	" McCarthy didn 't kill anybody .
tr	NNS	Within a minute both had hammered chunks out of each other .
tr	NNS	Amira faced her students .
tr	NNS	" You can 't come on to me and make me date Alec . "
tr	NNS	If the net suspects we 're being shadowed by a hostile ship , it 'll blast both ships .
tr	NNS	Blaine doesn 't have any sisters for her to hang out with . "
tr	NN	No one moves for me , however , so I get a mouthful of wayward shoulders and a rib cage full of elbows .
tr	NN	I let the kiss linger , sucking the strawberry gloss off her lips .
tr	NN	" Wait , what did you give that Winter faery ? "
tr	NN	My family 's honor demanded vengeance .
tr	NN	And by the way , I want an update on your guy . "
tr	NN	Then she peeled a small chunk of flesh from her wound and threw it into the center of the map .
tr	NNS	They broke the mushrooms off the cave wall and ate them straightaway , ravenous from the workout .
tr	NNS	The public inspection of the goods might offer some difficulties , but I think one must have faith in the ingenuity of man . "
tr	NNS	He changed directions , heading back toward the street .
tr	NNS	He 'll be off chasing wild ducks again .
tr	NN	He gave Ashley a friendly squeeze on the shoulder and joined the doctor .
tr	NN	His tough old face went sheepish in an instant .
tr	NNS	I paid the desert traders and Bedouins to show me all the desert oasis .
tr	NNS	She threw off the covers and scrambled out of the bed , and at the same time heard loud voices down the hall .
tr	NN	Honestly she just didn 't want the infamous rake to gain wind of the scandal that had taken place with her dear cousin .
tr	NN	Make an appointment with my assistant and she 'll make sure I 'm there , " he said dismissively .
tr	NNS	Let 's do two coffees and a tea . "
tr	NNS	Women have been having babies for thousands of years without doctors . "
tr	NN	He drank down his liquor .
tr	NN	Outside of the missions , the operatives had no interaction with us .
tr	NN	Forcing himself to think , he quickly considered the time frame .
tr	NNS	They did not slow down their paddle strokes , though , until they were far away from the village .
tr	NNS	Winston felt his circuits overheating .
tr	NNS	She 'd lay out three colored blocks on the ground , two blue and one yellow , see if it would choose the yellow .
tr	NNS	Add the twins into the mix and I doubt having Dormer with us would have made any difference . "
tr	NN	He swallowed a sudden lump .
tr	NN	He kissed her temple , her still damp hair , and the shell of her ear .
tr	NNS	The men then dropped the barrel clips and inserted fresh barrels as they walked out of the building into the night .
tr	NNS	Hugh heard murmurs of agreement and felt at a loss .
tr	NNS	Being alone in the alley gave her the creeps , no doubt .
tr	NN	Going to the window , she pulled back the curtain and stared outside , a gasp rising in her throat .
tr	NNS	As Alicia walked deeper into the hallway of such faint lighting , she approached cell fourteen .
tr	NNS	I could feel his hardness pressed against me as we moved around the floor .
tr	NN	" You really kill his pa ? "
tr	NN	That phrase struck a chord in his head .
tr	NNS	My eyes aren 't playing tricks .
tr	NN	After what seemed like ages , he finally reached the mic and bellowed , ' Hiya . '
tr	NNS	" She had many varieties in her garden , all different colours and types , but her all-time favourite was named Peace .
tr	NNS	" Mr. President , North Korea has just launched four missiles directed at the South .
tr	NNS	I had my doubts about this .
tr	NN	The man eyed her Collar .
tr	NNS	He was wearing only his briefs .
tr	NNS	The boy followed the scratch marks with his eyes .
tr	NN	" I 'd love some juice or an energy drink . "
tr	NN	We could hear the cougar growl all through the night .
tr	NN	Eric 's nose touched her temple , followed by a brush of lips .
tr	NN	Each time he pulled at her breast a fresh trickle of warm welcoming liquid glistened invitingly between her legs .
tr	NNS	His duty to God pushed his selfish desires deep into his heart , where he hoped they would stay buried forever .
tr	NNS	Danilo 's eyes scanned the items for a brief moment , and then his face lit in recognition .
tr	NN	Raj pulled out his pistol and aimed it at the creature responsible .
tr	NN	Well , he 'd calmed many a mare for both riding and servicing , and he knew just how to go about it .
tr	NNS	" Seriously , I think my nose hairs just burnt off . "
tr	NNS	I say briefs . "
tr	NNS	" He said his father hated dogs . "
tr	NNS	" We 'll have enough supplies at the new place for a while . "
tr	NNS	Beware the gods , beware the idea , beware the devil . "
tr	NN	I was breathing the oxygen .
tr	NN	She 's been killing solitary fey . "
tr	NN	The pretty gardener promptly dropped the tool and shoved her hands in the soil .
tr	NN	A second chill ran down my spine and again I wondered whether I should turn the page .
tr	NN	Under the house Dad kept a secret lab .
tr	NN	At the time Osh did not know the depth of those two words but they would come to mean the difference between life and death .
tr	NNS	' No one brought any suitable spells ? '
tr	NNS	" He just gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	Each room had a wash basin with fresh water and accompanying toilet articles .
tr	NN	He had a new overriding obligation since protecting his son was no longer an issue .
tr	NN	She gave me a hard pout .
tr	NNS	The two women took chairs at adjacent dressing tables and their maids got down to business .
tr	NNS	You 've lived enough centuries for me .
tr	NNS	We have our burdens , do we not , you and I , Mary ?
tr	NNS	Raven 's nails raked his buttocks ; her tongue found his heavy chest muscles .
tr	NNS	" We macerated and centrifuged samples of the virus to free the nucleic acids that make up its genetic - " Lindahl stepped forward , waving impatiently .
tr	NN	She never gave me a fork so I tear off a piece of the crust and pop it in my mouth .
tr	NN	He stroked a single fingertip along her cheek .
tr	NN	The cocky politician continues his speech , " I think most of ya ´ ll know what I ´ m talking about . "
tr	NN	Inside , she was handed a menu and asked what she 'd like to drink .
tr	NNS	" You 're , um , doing mushrooms ? "
tr	NN	" Criminal justice and sociology . "
tr	NN	On the mantel , he spotted a collection of photographs and moved to study them .
tr	NNS	In 1896 , a shipping vessel hit rough waters just north of Skull Island .
tr	NN	Yellow to denote the caution that he now viewed the world around him .
tr	NNS	He recited the frequency numbers only once .
tr	NN	Karly looked past Ava , searching the crowd .
tr	NNS	Echo followed a few paces behind the fairy .
tr	NN	He nursed a martini while Paul started on his second 7 and 7 .
tr	NNS	He still wore his slacks , though the top button was undone .
tr	NNS	He knew his patients intimately , taking great pride in remembering a lot of their birthdays , anniversaries , and graduation dates .
tr	NNS	As each man ran , they fired 2 shots into the blind darkness opposite the cruisers in a desperate attempt at self preservation .
tr	NN	Cordelia continues her total garbage .
tr	NNS	" Deepen her troubles how ? "
tr	NNS	Now , how could they move the bronze statues ?
tr	NN	As a splurge , he ordered some melon to start .
tr	NN	But a time of pain and suffering will precede that tranquility . "
tr	NN	One of them , carrying a small black leather case and a much-needed air of calm authority , took command .
tr	NNS	The daughter of my heart flung a few insults in my direction from time to time , but it was much less than I deserved .
tr	NN	He then attaches a wire to the electrode and switches on the heart monitor .
tr	NNS	If we try this again , we 'll need two simulations .
tr	NNS	She had a whopping fifty-six dollars and eleven cents .
tr	NN	" Why do you need my handprint ? "
tr	NNS	I 've put his claims out of my mind . "
tr	NN	He returned Anna 's affection as fully as could be expected ; and he had never known a stronger love .
tr	NNS	So this includes babies .
tr	NNS	" I 've never liked the labels that society uses to describe these types of people today .
tr	NN	I resist the urge to pull my arm back .
tr	NN	As the men watched in silence , I said a prayer that I had learned from my father .
tr	NN	And found Spots the falcon staring at me , about two inches from my face .
tr	NNS	What about classes your father wouldn 't let you take in school ? "
tr	NN	It 's like watching a galaxy being born .
tr	NNS	It would have sold your abilities short .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't fight the visions , too .
tr	NNS	Carbonell was covering her tracks .
tr	NN	I grabbed my briefcase and looked at him , thanking him for the opportunity to meet .
tr	NN	Jenny could hear blood roaring in her ears .
tr	NNS	Besides , we need supplies .
tr	NN	" You 've got a visitor . "
tr	NN	Soon , I reach the main foyer .
tr	NN	It spoke a language I had never heard , but I could understand it . "
tr	NNS	But the slightest touch sent spasms of pain shooting up her calf and thigh .
tr	NNS	The guy was yelling obscenities , so I asked him to leave , and that 's when he hit me .
tr	NN	How ' bout we offer her free NIL for a while in exchange for collecting the testimonials ?
tr	NNS	" And in this universe we treasure all forms of energy and creative process . "
tr	NN	Dean had his fury focused solely on Ayden , but that didn 't matter to James and Ricky .
tr	NN	She looked rapt with attention , which made Liz cautious .
tr	NN	But only a true villain took revenge on a weak man .
tr	NNS	When he finished , he setup the new servers for Elvin .
tr	NN	He presses a code into a panel , and a small doorway opens .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness you 're okay . "
tr	NN	Evidently , the reporter had a trusted stable of ready sources .
tr	NNS	I 've already made the connections for that to happen . "
tr	NN	She has a gleam in her eye as if she 's hoping I have something really wrong with me .
tr	NN	We were climbing up a steep hill and I guessed where we were .
tr	NN	Ji Hu 's mother contracted cancer .
tr	NN	It had the opposite effect on the dozens of men , women and children who came to town to watch the young man die .
tr	NNS	" You gave him two thousand dollars ? "
tr	NNS	Perhaps she shouldn 't have removed her multiple layers of clothing .
tr	NN	He threw the wet cloth on the floor .
tr	NN	And we can 't expect that mare to watch out for her either .
tr	NNS	He separated the globes and blew his hot breath on the sensitive rosette between her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Whoever Sebastian 's allies are , he 's left no tracks of their alliance behind .
tr	NN	Over lunch William brought up the topic of the movie again , which lead them to a discussion on books and literature .
tr	NNS	" We log our job points in at the various computer stations around the reservation .
tr	NN	A quick scan of the area didn 't give me any glimpse of Kelsey , and she was kind of hard to miss .
tr	NNS	Though , I suspect they could not have written these novels without me .
tr	NN	Webb smiled my favorite lip curl making his boyish grin wider .
tr	NNS	Beasts did not light fires and talk .
tr	NN	Cassie fought the urge to cover her ears , wanting to block out whatever else Luther had to say .
tr	NNS	She monitored the top twenty or so mass tort firms in the country and dozens of the biggest class actions .
tr	NNS	We 'd both changed positions throughout the night but had never lost our hold on each other .
tr	NNS	She had made two more trips into that corridor with him since the first one .
tr	NNS	In a huff , she tossed her cards down and pulled the ante up to her now measly pile .
tr	NNS	I often entertain gentlemen in places like this .
tr	NNS	He cut off any potential objections before I could make them .
tr	NNS	I shall require regular reports .
tr	NNS	I have man troubles . "
tr	NN	Nobody gives chase , not even Shark .
tr	NN	He found his release and stayed on top of me .
tr	NNS	" What about other crew members ? "
tr	NN	That 's it , " Ashe poked his ice cream with the spoon in frustration .
tr	NN	He twisted the cap off the jar and scooped out a gob of ugly brown stuff with his fingers .
tr	NN	The dwarf plunged the ice dagger into the head of the zombie and the zombie was still .
tr	NN	He looked a bit sheepish .
tr	NNS	Lying in the desolate silence , feeling abandoned by the world , he pushed aside his fears that he would remain this way forever .
tr	NN	We desire foresight , judgment , and intelligence . "
tr	NNS	Aidan cast several fire shields around him and sprinted forward while Duncan recovered from the little fire that had singed a bit of his skin .
tr	NN	The other vampire thought America to be crass and uneducated , a new world version of ' new money ' .
tr	NN	Deep down I have an inkling this new ability has something to do with Zack .
tr	NNS	Many of them carried torches , and in the flare I could see their faces .
tr	NN	They had turned the heating element on for the metal , making it quite toasty against my pale feet .
tr	NN	We 'll give them the postcard ; it will be checked for evidence .
tr	NNS	" I must find my sisters . "
tr	NNS	' Go ye , my disciples .
tr	NNS	He had two doses of Shock Bits , two Moon Rocks , and a Frost Bite .
tr	NNS	I 've never washed dishes and I 'd like to learn . "
tr	NNS	He stared daggers at our prisoner as she consumed the lion 's share of our meagre supplies .
tr	NNS	They both don rubber suits and breathing masks .
tr	NN	He gave Stefan a taunting smirk .
tr	NNS	She held the completed forms out .
tr	NN	I ask the nearest vigilante .
tr	NNS	Someone engraved these marks , which means there 's intelligent life on this planet , somewhere .
tr	NNS	I didn 't come in with it , God damn their lies . "
tr	NNS	He jogged up the bleachers , taking two at a time until he reached me .
tr	NNS	" Close the blinds .
tr	NN	" Only Percival could retrieve the dagger .
tr	NNS	He emptied the ingredients onto a piece of foil , rolled it up , and put it into the oven with the rest of dinner .
tr	NN	A rigid erection indented her lower belly and burned hot beneath his zipper , stealing Grace 's breath .
tr	NN	I found the chem lab and slipped inside .
tr	NNS	It was nearing one A.M. before a middle-aged couple staggered out the door .
tr	NN	A freight train blared its horn , and rattled down the bridge 's central trestle between the east - and westbound lanes of snarled traffic .
tr	NNS	They never even found all the bits .
tr	NN	He disappeared down a little hill and behind bushes .
tr	NNS	The teachers who had stood by during the entire recess time like obedient sentries hurried the stragglers in doors .
tr	NN	" I can 't thank you enough for this , " he said , his sincerity painful and unwelcome .
tr	NNS	" I hate hospitals . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't return the stares .
tr	NNS	Each breath meant inhaling cigarette smoke and car pollution , each bite of food meant processed chemicals .
tr	NN	I find a tray resting on the floor .
tr	NNS	" I love surprises . "
tr	NN	" I have a confession to make . "
tr	NN	As Samara and Aquarius approached the outskirts they left the highway and headed across a field toward a group of buildings .
tr	NN	With the pants from my suit on I walked down the hallway barefoot and bought two grape sodas .
tr	NNS	I was losing little bits of time .
tr	NN	He had apparently suffered the same fate as Warren .
tr	NNS	Why not build roads above the train tracks ?
tr	NNS	Abelard also had five sons .
tr	NN	No voices echoed up the stairwell .
tr	NNS	" I could get some strawberries to go with it . "
tr	NNS	You can bring her a dozen roses that will never wilt or fade .
tr	NN	Participation can potentially enhance your class grade , and it will also give you the opportunity to ... get to know some of your classmates . "
tr	NN	John opened an ashtray and handed Pigeon several quarters .
tr	NNS	" But ... the gunboats ... the missiles . "
tr	NN	Fortunately , what she planned didn 't require much delicacy .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her thumbs over my fingers reassuringly .
tr	NNS	You must have connections . "
tr	NNS	Play some more cards . "
tr	NN	The wild-eyed lieutenant constantly gave new meaning to their squadron motto of Anything , Anywhere , Anytime .
tr	NNS	The Pack had a brightness to their eyes .
tr	NNS	Most people would rather build the ships and let those go who wish to go while allowing those to remain behind who wish to remain . "
tr	NNS	But Charlie had other designs on me .
tr	NNS	You didn 't send Christmas cards to the station .
tr	NN	Right or wrong , I can 't have disagreement .
tr	NN	No surprise she 'd had her own agenda when it came to what day she wanted to come out and meet the big world .
tr	NNS	He 'd had numerous chances to kill me , and I was far from innocent .
tr	NN	I just got an email I have to work a double shift tomorrow .
tr	NNS	Edwin followed her movements in his rearview mirror .
tr	NNS	Due to the enormous height , the top twenty floors were often above the usual low lying clouds .
tr	NN	He gripped my hip and moved his fingers around my waist so tenderly .
tr	NN	' Why shouldn 't we play football on the Sabbath ?
tr	NN	She crumpled the bloody towel with trembling hands , her heart suddenly slamming against her chest .
tr	NN	* Panama * The bulletin board outside the mess hall had a new advertisement on it about a week after I arrived .
tr	NNS	Right now she needed her wits about her and if this would help , she would gladly partake .
tr	NNS	We 'd been exchanging texts and emails , but we hadn 't talked in weeks .
tr	NN	" What the hell are you -- why would I give a flying fuck about what your girlfriend had to do with this ? "
tr	NNS	We all have different capabilities .
tr	NN	Several large men carried a clear cage towards them .
tr	NN	" We don 't have t ' like everythin ' we see , Stoney .
tr	NN	First , to determine my position vis-a-vis the shoreline .
tr	NNS	" Well stop and just stuff canisters .
tr	NNS	Already acute due to her jaguar , the Carpathian blood had amplified her abilities until sounds were overwhelming .
tr	NN	I have put my own goal aside for much of that , assisting Mathis with his micro biome research , teaching undergrad classes .
tr	NN	She ran a quick comb through her hair and washed her face before heading out of the bedroom .
tr	NN	Liza recalled the purchase .
tr	NN	" I certainly don 't want her dipping into my children 's inheritances . "
tr	NN	I set down my fork and pulled the clipboard out of my backpack for him .
tr	NN	Suzy gave his butt a playful pat and dropped her hand .
tr	NNS	" I 'm investigating reports of a wolf in the swamp . "
tr	NN	This story explores the zombie apocalypse from a unique perspective .
tr	NN	Every year since the 2008 Financial Crisis , the government collected less tax revenue .
tr	NNS	" Help yourselves . "
tr	NN	It will give me a little glimpse into college life and it better be good because I 'm gon na ' be there for awhile . "
tr	NN	Having read the Book , you can trace all Man to a single act of Love .
tr	NNS	" No doubt they were shooting both still and video cameras trying to pick out that very thing . "
tr	NN	" Rayburn got a towel .
tr	NN	" Beneath the plaster frog on the porch ?
tr	NN	The waiter gave Maddie a kids menu and a small box of crayons , which sent her into her own world .
tr	NNS	He eased his thumbs into her , pressing upward , finding the perfect spot just inside .
tr	NN	" You do not want his forgiveness .
tr	NN	But Mikhail , the first Romanov tsar , found a nation in utter turmoil .
tr	NNS	They don 't use their brains .
tr	NNS	When she 'd finished , she carried their plates to the small table across from the stove .
tr	NNS	" You must never insult our witches .
tr	NNS	We 're having twins . "
tr	NNS	If you 're thinking of anything outside the bounds of good honest police work , I 've got the cruiser 's vid monitors shut down . "
tr	NNS	It took me three attempts before I was clean enough for her .
tr	NN	I nodded stiffly and bent over to get my laptop out from under the seat where I 'd stashed it .
tr	NNS	Smiling employees and volunteers walked the aisles with clipboards and moved pallets with forklifts into trucks that waited in three open bays .
tr	NN	How could the solipsistic world view ever get any credibility in serious thought ?
tr	NNS	I pulled back the covers , before laying her down on the sheets .
tr	NN	He didn 't see the gesture through my mask , but I knew I 'd done it , and that was enough .
tr	NN	And he instinctively flared pewter .
tr	NN	Sean puts his fork down and folds his hands together .
tr	NN	" I got the distinct impression that Vaughn wasn 't too happy .
tr	NN	When he was finished , he swiped a fresh towel off the rack .
tr	NN	He swallowed her next groan with glee , suddenly finding himself eager to draw more happy noises from her .
tr	NNS	He wasn 't throwing fireballs or insults at me .
tr	NN	I 'd need a warrant and the judge is not going to issue a warrant over something with no evidence to back it up .
tr	NNS	" Bex doesn 't have my connections , Nina .
tr	NNS	The warmth of the soup and the love and care it was prepared and delivered with did wonders to Taylor 's physical and mental condition .
tr	NNS	I turned down countless " opportunities " in college for her .
tr	NN	He adjusted his white uniform .
tr	NN	The gloaming began its steady advance , marching through the valley in cold pursuit .
tr	NN	He had a duty to Jim to protect her , but he also had a duty to the CSA to stop her .
tr	NNS	He staggered backwards , lost his legs and tumbled down the trail .
tr	NN	There along the back of the clearing , in the shadow of the first line or two of trees loomed the shaman .
tr	NNS	The resort boasted four restaurants , but this meet and greet banquet was being held in the main dining area .
tr	NNS	Inspector Fellows and his men had explored the service tunnels under Euston station , but had found nothing .
tr	NNS	In the end , we followed Coulter 's departing tracks and found him roaming in the woods as you now see him .
tr	NNS	A guard with a dog walked the ground-floor corridors .
tr	NN	He never forgot protection .
tr	NNS	It had designs cut out of the marble near the ceiling in the shapes of dragons and other mystical beings .
tr	NNS	Lydia chose some tan summer slacks and a sleeveless tan blouse .
tr	NNS	" Something ... or someone ... spooked the cattle .
tr	NNS	said Rivers , and his tapping abruptly stopped .
tr	NN	From the sound of things Kane and Leo had adopted the same method of moving .
tr	NNS	I saw your fangs in her wrist .
tr	NNS	Automatically she raised her senses and studied the auras of the two men .
tr	NNS	Every semester , the faculty elected twelve students , three from each class , to serve on the Jury .
tr	NN	" If I 'm going to mingle with the townspeople tomorrow , I 'd better have a bath too .
tr	NN	His eyes had come alight at the mere mention of the idea .
tr	NNS	Ryker was working his old skills .
tr	NNS	- then he can 't admit his fears .
tr	NN	He stroked her thigh again and laughed .
tr	NNS	Maverick had peanuts in his suitcase and the mice had gone after those , carrying them out one by one in what was practically an assembly line .
tr	NN	When he reached up for a mug and then poured himself some coffee , she couldn 't help but appreciate his incredible physique .
tr	NNS	I bat my eyelashes innocently .
tr	NNS	He ticked the points off on his fingers as he went on .
tr	NNS	I 've been cracking jokes left and right for the last hour to entertain myself , since Luke won 't tell me where we 're driving to .
tr	NNS	A look around the foyer revealed narrow corridors , clean but rather unremarkable .
tr	NNS	I usually stay home weekends . "
tr	NNS	" They have security cameras and guards happy to shoot you as soon as they see you .
tr	NN	I cannot complete my quest alone .
tr	NN	Her lower lip was trembling , her eyes pure liquid on me .
tr	NN	Nothing really bad , you understand , just petty theft from shops and a bit of house burglary .
tr	NN	Davis , along with James , the other new hire , will be doing the swing .
tr	NN	She blew a party horn at his face , the coiled paper tickling his cheek playfully .
tr	NNS	You have financial troubles .
tr	NNS	" You think someone attempts to lead us into a trap ? "
tr	NN	She checked the magazine , then straightened and walked away .
tr	NN	But Chuck needed a bulldozer for his twice annual clean the apartment duties .
tr	NNS	" Is there any way we could view the security tapes to see if he 's been in ? "
tr	NNS	President Castilla considered the pros and cons .
tr	NNS	" You do get benefits ? "
tr	NN	" Ease up a bit Joey .
tr	NN	You must have a very big airplane if you want to take enough animals to make a difference in your herds .
tr	NNS	Charlie got good vibes from Arnold and decided to reveal a little to see what he might get back .
tr	NN	The sun glinted off the dagger .
tr	NN	The warmth she offered caused a lump to form in Cara 's throat .
tr	NNS	" I got back the 500 dollars I lost yesterday and now I 'm up 500 bucks on my side .
tr	NNS	The markings delineated the multiple drill sites and electrode insertion points .
tr	NN	Urgency made his heart pump harder .
tr	NN	He offers me his crown of flowers .
tr	NNS	Emerson Ames sighed hugely .
tr	NNS	Like a magnifying glass could amplify a ray of sunshine , drinking large quantities of vampire blood must kick my psychic abilities into hyper drive .
tr	NNS	If shark attack victims could get back in the ocean again , surely I could walk a few blocks by myself .
tr	NN	His gun had a red laser pointer attached .
tr	NN	Her insults had no effect on him .
tr	NNS	For a hundred cycles they scavenged the ruins for desperately needed supplies , eventually beginning to fight amongst themselves when those scarce resources became insufficient .
tr	NN	Then I try the dresser , and again there 's nothing .
tr	NN	I 'll call you Trouble . "
tr	NN	" Poor bastard , " I heard Puck mutter .
tr	NNS	who in turn bring their sisters and wives . "
tr	NNS	Resting her fingers on the swollen lips , she coated her juices over her hardened clit .
tr	NNS	' Now , why don 't you take a few deep breaths then , while I explain what 's what . '
tr	NN	Two miles south of here , they would reach a major highway junction .
tr	NNS	" She will bear lusty sons and beautiful daughters . "
tr	NNS	" I think I understand how this will work , " I told my other teammates .
tr	NN	I can feel every single aspect of his touch and I embrace it .
tr	NN	" You can 't walk a block without tripping over a hotel in this town .
tr	NNS	Eight of the largest tort firms in the country had allegedly put up a million bucks each to finance this showdown with the tobacco industry .
tr	NN	He lowered the slice of pizza before taking a bite .
tr	NN	I withheld a groan to stop from receiving another death stare from Mother .
tr	NN	I give it a twist .
tr	NN	Nothing could alter their fate , however she might wish it otherwise .
tr	NNS	Stoke arguments about thin differences , feed their proud minds , choke out forgiving ways with complaint .
tr	NNS	Eve set the plates down quickly , fighting a building surge of humor .
tr	NN	He saw the tiny gleam of a flashlight at the end of the lake .
tr	NN	Each new season had the potential for a bumper crop , even after following a poor crop like the year before .
tr	NNS	He had knives on spring-loaded arms ready to fall and cut , to slice and dice .
tr	NNS	They had added all these extras on and inflated the bill by about ten times .
tr	NN	" Empty the till ! "
tr	NNS	Mac had great instincts , so if she trusted him , I probably would .
tr	NNS	He had no reports of a missing person and didn 't see any immediate evidence of foul play .
tr	NNS	But thick weeds , yards of them , ahead of him .
tr	NNS	I have finals next week .
tr	NN	The men had the shark held down and I grabbed the knife .
tr	NN	Claiming it would be perfect for the rehearsal dinner , Candace had overridden Stacy 's polite refusal and insisted on buying it for her .
tr	NNS	Then they put their packs and weapons in order in preparation for their big adventure .
tr	NNS	Nausea battles my insides , but I push it aside , before opening the bathroom door .
tr	NNS	And I know members of the parole board , with whom I have much influence . "
tr	NNS	Fighting two-handed , he drew crowds to the morning bouts , including the emperor himself .
tr	NNS	Finally , he took a few deep breaths , putting his hand to his head .
tr	NN	The sounds have no effect though .
tr	NNS	They want Shifters under their control , and having the sword is one way to get it . "
tr	NN	Now that pleased his uncle .
tr	NNS	General Varro had given her exact directions .
tr	NNS	Were they keeping tabs on her ?
tr	NNS	He unloads items onto the counter .
tr	NNS	Although he hadn 't seen her in three years , he 'd kept tabs on her through her sister Victoria .
tr	NNS	I could feel the wheels spinning for grip beneath my head and tried to sit up just as the sound of more bullets filled the air .
tr	NNS	This time , Albert pulled out two dark beers .
tr	NNS	" I had my doubts . "
tr	NN	Why didn 't I saw that detail ?
tr	NNS	We 've heard the murmurs and chatter .
tr	NN	I can feel the sincerity and passion reverberating through her chest . .
tr	NNS	Then I sent her several texts and waited .
tr	NNS	" try the octopus , unless you don 't like it .
tr	NNS	Grim paced the halls , wondering what would come of the matter .
tr	NN	She mentally gave herself one more pat on the back for adding games this last year , and then went over to help another customer .
tr	NNS	The vile corruption within made perfect complement to the filthy crust of my clothing .
tr	NNS	Why cut benefits and fire people ?
tr	NNS	I don 't have expectations of this going anywhere .
tr	NN	Blair studied the pup .
tr	NNS	She just had twins a year ago . "
tr	NN	He dragged a fingertip beneath each soft curve , making her gasp .
tr	NNS	She had even accumulated a few hundred dollars so she could make some investments of her own .
tr	NN	Now , some industrious journalist had gone digging into her past instead of that of her husband .
tr	NN	You scared the crap out of me .
tr	NN	" I do get your meaning , oaf , you mean they 're from the city but they 're not fresh caught . "
tr	NN	We practiced hand-to-hand combat presumably for scenes that would require it .
tr	NNS	She read down the pages of the adjacent tomes .
tr	NN	" That was for hiding the label maker . "
tr	NN	As I watched , however , I heard footstep near me .
tr	NN	Not an easy thing fer an eastern gal .
tr	NN	I need some advice , because obviously I don 't give a shit about relationships . "
tr	NN	She opened the top dresser drawer and discovered that Aurora had given it to Maverick .
tr	NN	" About the merger . "
tr	NN	She didn 't see her furniture .
tr	NN	Antonietta caught the hem of her shirt and pulled it over her head and for a moment , the image in front of her wavered .
tr	NNS	" Could Tucker have killed the witches , then turned his sights on Riley and Mary Ann ? "
tr	NN	Adel first tries the airport asking about how he can start his own shuttle van business .
tr	NNS	She was making picture cards for Ty .
tr	NNS	They bring seeds of hope to the surface , too .
tr	NN	Claire resisted an urge to fling some orange juice his way .
tr	NNS	" They post all sorts of shit claiming to know everything about us . "
tr	NNS	He had failed his subjects miserably by trusting the wrong person , and for that he was terribly in the wrong .
tr	NN	Rebecca muffled a yawn .
tr	NNS	Gwen opened her senses a little and watched his aura as he shut down the SUV 's engine .
tr	NNS	Red smoke rises from the fluid and smells like a mixture of smoke and blood .
tr	NNS	He loved his sisters even when they were being pains in his ass .
tr	NNS	The man nods , smokes , stares at the corpse .
tr	NN	I unwrapped the package .
tr	NNS	They couldn 't leave their coals , so they 'd just have to work that much harder and pretend they could not hear what they heard .
tr	NNS	We exchanged hugs and laughed , Cherry and I wiping tears from our eyes .
tr	NNS	Cassie scanned the crowds but couldn 't see Faye .
tr	NN	They still had the limp handshake of boys , but it looked like they knew what they were doing with the vines .
tr	NNS	" Can you get any diseases ? "
tr	NN	Found the snap and jerked it free .
tr	NN	Iona joined the throng behind the hotel , and Nicole threw her bouquet .
tr	NN	Samuel let his power flow , but he sensed it could do nothing to aid with her speed , so he addressed another potential problem .
tr	NN	He ran up the hill away from the water and the police , closely following the family and many others .
tr	NN	Each breath rattling harder than the last , Brandon searched the Humvee .
tr	NN	May I request the announcement of my presence ? "
tr	NN	I set the frame back down .
tr	NN	If you continue helping Dustin , you have our protection .
tr	NN	I nodded and grabbed a napkin , sniffing .
tr	NN	The days were getting hotter and the pool needed cleaning .
tr	NNS	It will break their hearts to learn that she does not remember them . "
tr	NN	Young grape vines at each end of the porch had begun their climb over the rough-hewn wooden frame .
tr	NNS	Within His guidelines I produced small miracles to a limited audience .
tr	NN	The first volley killed half the troop .
tr	NN	Don 't insult my intelligence like that ! "
tr	NN	I didn 't see the resemblance until just now . "
tr	NN	Her speech sounded slurred , the left side of her mouth sagging .
tr	NNS	You 've got some beef cattle in another barn connected to a large pasture . "
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to slap her because I wanted to hear what she had to say .
tr	NN	Chills ran up her spine because she could feel his temper like both ice and fire , lashing out at her even though he hadn 't moved .
tr	NNS	I found two cameras , but no bugs .
tr	NNS	They had powers , and that meant I did , too .
tr	NN	I really had grown fond of him , but I would rather he take the hit than Eva .
tr	NN	Dad 's face demonstrated patience .
tr	NNS	He knew the priorities . "
tr	NNS	I wandered up and down the narrow aisles , touching things in wonder .
tr	NNS	He overloaded all her senses at once , and she was intoxicated .
tr	NNS	Golden let out a distressed hiss .
tr	NN	" Why I have a refrigerator ? "
tr	NNS	We left the confines of the brick wall and looped around to the backside of the base , heading Northward .
tr	NNS	The doctor examined the track marks .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	Whilst battling death and illness , against all odds , we have made a breakthrough . "
tr	NN	I keep pacing , shaking my head , and my pulse starts to rise .
tr	NNS	' You couldn 't house butterflies in that piece of gingerbread . '
tr	NNS	With an apartment on the top floor of the ISE building , he often ordered meals for himself and his children when duties prevented him from cooking .
tr	NNS	Drago 's hand continued those precise strokes , down low , close to his hip , as if he might be petting a dog .
tr	NNS	He probably had more germs in him than blood cells . "
tr	NN	Though I don 't think the Mayans ever predicated skull slurping .
tr	NNS	As he did , his face turned impossibly pale , stark white , and long sharp fangs protruded from his teeth .
tr	NN	" I ... I beg your pardon , High Lord . "
tr	NNS	A lot of aliens had special powers , but I 'd never heard of one with accelerated healing .
tr	NN	He then unceremoniously dropped his pistol and bent over , vomiting onto the concrete floor .
tr	NN	Years earlier , he had learned a hard lesson of attempting to take something too fast , for his own benefit , without thought of consequences .
tr	NNS	The moment a law is broken , aliens lose all rights .
tr	NN	He slapped a new clip into the gun , then eyed the picture of bin Laden .
tr	NN	" ANYONE can write Edwardian poetry .
tr	NN	" If word got out , it could hurt your reputation . "
tr	NN	I holstered my rod , and walked off still laughing , leaving the couple with no understanding of what I was thinking .
tr	NNS	The bright flash sent wooden fragments flying .
tr	NN	He smiled , that gleam of a predator 's smile .
tr	NN	He picked up a pencil and rolled it in his hands while he listened .
tr	NNS	Daniel leaned the boards back over the hole , and Achilles danced in tight circles around first Cameron then Daniel .
tr	NNS	They all gave me icy stares .
tr	NN	Ellie saw disaster in the making .
tr	NNS	He did mention some titles .
tr	NN	There was a picture of Travis as a young boy , with that same serious expression on his face , holding up a fish .
tr	NNS	The courtiers close to Zoe tensed their auras .
tr	NN	He then poured a little honey from a small pitcher onto another cake for himself before biting into it .
tr	NNS	These two have violated a citizen 's rights .
tr	NN	" Your mama is gone , honey .
tr	NNS	We 'll give him ten thousand dollars and in exchange he won 't press charges . "
tr	NNS	' Those men had families ! '
tr	NNS	If Dad had his way , we 'd all ride bikes or invent some magical flying car with no emissions .
tr	NNS	Giving unnecessary information out has ruined too many kingdoms .
tr	NN	There 's whipped cream too . "
tr	NN	He grabbed my backpack with one hand and put his arm around my shoulders .
tr	NN	he asked Dan ' r pointedly , still leaning against the counter , the club still in one hand .
tr	NN	I grabbed a slice and headed out to the narrow balcony off the kitchen.The sky was a deep gray , from which a light drizzle steadily dripped .
tr	NN	Hardly the setting for a band of dark vampires intent on murder , mayhem , and good old-fashioned bloodletting .
tr	NNS	And I won 't tell your Shifters what to do .
tr	NNS	He took several deep breaths and forced his panicked wits to relax .
tr	NNS	After the slaughter at Appleton , I proposed many solutions but the old ones would hear none .
tr	NNS	Incredibly , I could see the two photographs on it from up here : Hitler above the fold , the recently deceased Cuban bandleader below it .
tr	NNS	Heat seared her insides .
tr	NN	The smaller man removed his dagger and wiped it on his enemy 's sleeveless and unbuttoned utility jacket .
tr	NN	Middle Easterners developed their civilization several millennia before the Incas , and the threads of their civilization were manifested in Ancient Greece .
tr	NN	He 's got nobody . "
tr	NN	I got his meaning : just in case he ever got out and needed to be put down .
tr	NN	He could smell the sweetness on her .
tr	NNS	I lacked his skills , and his knowledge drove us to circle the lake , hoping there might be some trace .
tr	NNS	I had long forgotten my suspicions as to why she was being so nice to me .
tr	NNS	He has brought them different dishes , but knows they will not share .
tr	NN	Like so many Valkyrie , she would chew only one specific brand , Sad Wiener Peppermint , which was beyond foul .
tr	NN	" The women merely await a command to do mischief . "
tr	NN	I knew his brutality firsthand .
tr	NNS	However , that smile , in one way or another melt away the coldness in his heart .
tr	NN	" I have faith in you , Frank .
tr	NN	I don 't give a crap about what you or this school or anyone else thinks of me .
tr	NNS	Bailey took the pencils carefully from George 's throat and the back of his head as the healer placed his palms over the wounds .
tr	NNS	Nor shall we abandon our ancient customs at their whim . "
tr	NN	None of them knew the full extent of what she meant to him .
tr	NNS	The light showed him the ruts and the dips and the holes in the beaten earth .
tr	NNS	" Um , well , more so I stole contacts . "
tr	NN	" I can feel it , " Jericho explained his yawn while tipping his head in the direction of the basement room .
tr	NNS	Ernie saw half a dozen figures emerge from the fog and climb into the cart behind him .
tr	NN	The choir started filing in .
tr	NN	He barely stopped the frustrated groan from escaping his closing throat when her grip around him tightened as her unguarded sleeping body sought his .
tr	NNS	They all shook hands again , exchanged business cards , and Jacques abruptly departed , tucking the cards inside his lapel pocket .
tr	NNS	He had seen patients who would have surely suffered physically and emotionally from a continued pregnancy .
tr	NNS	She shores up his covers before he motions over to his legs .
tr	NNS	In the valley below , I could just make out the remains of the burned-out Payson Church .
tr	NNS	So he 'd made tracks for the door when her questions grew more pointed .
tr	NN	He gave his hair another ruffle with his hand to make sure it was effectively messy .
tr	NNS	The walls , stripped of their mildewed paper , revealed numerous patched areas .
tr	NNS	And can you find some supplies for us ?
tr	NN	She gingerly picked up the menu , and looked at it , aimlessly .
tr	NN	But it has a sensual quality that can be misunderstood . "
tr	NN	I tore a banana from a bunch lying on the table , then peeled it and broke off a piece , which I shoved into my mouth .
tr	NN	He unscrews the cap of the vodka bottle and sniffs the contents , but doesn 't drink .
tr	NNS	Chrissie had swallowed his lies , every one of them .
tr	NN	" Wait a sec .
tr	NN	He pictured a huge fish jumping into his hands and willed the impossible act to occur .
tr	NN	The Rangers only did law enforcement on the side .
tr	NN	Master George 's face now showed no humor whatsoever .
tr	NNS	Until they are about twelve years old , little boys worship their fathers and believe they can do no wrong .
tr	NN	She 'd followed that advice ever since .
tr	NNS	" I know Jess !
tr	NN	" I don 't recall the Emperor being marked .
tr	NNS	But he was shifting forms so quickly it was dizzying .
tr	NN	I just ... " " Then make a hunter out of her .
tr	NNS	He 'd even added some bubbles , making the room smell wonderfully soft and romantic .
tr	NNS	She 'd cut all three sandwiches in half , placed a half on her plate , and stacked the rest on his .
tr	NN	You don 't get to choose what reflects , you don 't set the agenda .
tr	NN	" Your mother must go and find your Da .
tr	NN	Lia executed an elaborate shrug .
tr	NN	She ripped a paper towel off the roll by the sink , then faced the cooler .
tr	NN	" I will need my cloak back , " Julienne informed the startled butler .
tr	NN	The men wore silk tunics of rich forest green and dark purple .
tr	NNS	Good thing dead men ( or should I say dead girls ) tell no tales .
tr	NN	If she goes two days without eating , make an appointment .
tr	NNS	" Empty your pockets . "
tr	NNS	Are you just inventing numbers ? "
tr	NNS	" Then you have peanuts , peanuts , and more peanuts , potato chips , potato chips , and more potato chips .
tr	NN	At this , Gnat quickly gave a salute , revealing his red uniform and the special thread sewed in saying , Drummer Boy .
tr	NN	The picture showed a home video of Bryce sitting in front of his laptop naked .
tr	NNS	I saved Justus as you said and he 's come back .
tr	NNS	Well , his people had been drinking the damned water for so long , they 'd developed supernatural powers .
tr	NNS	His father had earned millions by ignoring the law .
tr	NN	Nadine wound a pale strand of hair around her finger .
tr	NN	I beg your forgiveness , and ask that you enjoy in our celebration .
tr	NNS	I have no doubts , Dimitri .
tr	NN	The lower projectile extended its shaft which splayed into a silver platform .
tr	NN	Through daily ritual , they had silently negotiated a method to their kitchen work .
tr	NN	" Neil , take this shoe to the royal craftsmen and have exact copies of it made .
tr	NNS	He lit the lamps , and the cabin 's interior was immediately illuminated .
tr	NN	He didn 't see anybody so he went to B Cyl .
tr	NN	Laughter and high-fives didn 't blot the flutter she felt deep in her belly with his confidence and no-nonsense approach .
tr	NNS	" I 'm sorry , " she sounded more breathless than she intended as he caught her , preventing her from falling .
tr	NN	" If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck ... " " You believed in this place when no one else would .
tr	NNS	Others , the ones who were still mortal , brandished knives .
tr	NNS	Then she pops the batteries inside the bottom , twists a nob , and it starts to hum .
tr	NNS	Corinne was deliberately ignoring his strange references to her .
tr	NNS	" The alarm company reports fires .
tr	NN	Polka stamped his hoof and tossed his head .
tr	NN	" Who dares violate Apollo 's temple ? "
tr	NN	I need a favor . "
tr	NN	This honorable soldier had an execution to carry out .
tr	NNS	Claude gave him directions to both .
tr	NN	He 'd remember , I thought , chin lifting .
tr	NNS	They 'd carry the blasted remains of the art and the robbers downstream and muddy the waters of the subsequent investigation , so to speak .
tr	NNS	I drew the red drapes covering the large windows set on every other wall .
tr	NN	Instantly , her cheek smacked the asphalt .
tr	NNS	His thumb parted her folds and slid through the slick heat to circle her clit .
tr	NNS	He hated Council politics , but trusted none of his kind to represent their collective interests .
tr	NNS	" I have had many students , young boys , in my classes .
tr	NN	She had the urge to stick her tongue out at him .
tr	NN	" And there he is , picking up the briefcase . "
tr	NN	It has a fingerprint scanner on the bottom of it .
tr	NN	I jerk my boot from the ivy , unsuccessful .
tr	NN	And later , made a bargain .
tr	NN	She almost heard the visible snap as he broke .
tr	NNS	The whole idea of putting her in danger among the other pirates made his palms sweaty .
tr	NNS	" We can just press our helmets together .
tr	NN	" I needed some privacy .
tr	NNS	And in the end , it would only hurt my chances for the fellowship by deflecting attention away from my project . "
tr	NN	You will not need the keyboard here . "
tr	NN	She let out a yawn as she poured herself a cup of coffee .
tr	NNS	" We have contracts on the surrounding blocks with views of the building . "
tr	NN	Then he tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear , observing me intently .
tr	NN	Being a healer took enormous dedication and it was a huge weight on Liam 's shoulders .
tr	NNS	Approaching the exit , Soren stepped a few paces in front of her and held the door open .
tr	NN	He had the odd sensation he was the one being talked to , explained to , and his words , echoing back , lacerated his heart .
tr	NNS	Twenty minutes ago the congregation was voicing prayers for the Godspeed return of all our soldiers .
tr	NNS	" Because you smell like oranges , pineapples and the ocean .
tr	NN	And then , suddenly into the ward breezed the young nurse who had helped him the evening before .
tr	NN	No sign of a calling card on these guys , " answers an evidence technician .
tr	NN	Peter caught a glimpse of the gilt title on the book she was buying : Love Among the Maidens .
tr	NNS	" You don 't have fangs . "
tr	NNS	Chapter 7 " Honored One , the primary has performed past expectations .
tr	NNS	One doesn 't contradict the sleeping arrangements provided by one 's hostess .
tr	NN	No , I didn 't even consider that possibility .
tr	NN	He entered the tower through the cellar underneath the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Jace took their coats and ushered them into the great room that combined a living room with a family room .
tr	NN	He can 't do any more harm .
tr	NNS	Perhaps all the Valkyrie had overarching similarities , but they could be born of different species .
tr	NNS	In some towns , he would even take part-time positions at hospitals as a member of the housekeeping staff .
tr	NNS	A mixture of happiness and sadness fills their hearts .
tr	NNS	To our right the first rank of cars , looming out of the the mist like ghost ships .
tr	NNS	After setting down the heavy box , she moved along the counter a few paces , crouched again , and produced the key .
tr	NN	Dreamer 's absence had a tremendous effect on Miriam , and her parents were starting to worry .
tr	NN	Lynn replied , " I know you will , son , I have faith in you . "
tr	NN	Rock and Roll , but exercise a little self-control .
tr	NNS	She cut off her younger twin sisters by pulling them to her for a hug .
tr	NN	Then , turning back to his companions , he took command .
tr	NN	She consumed a precise caloric intake .
tr	NNS	The tobacco companies spent millions selecting us , and now they 're spending even more to watch us . "
tr	NNS	" And she really likes those trips to the Art Institute .
tr	NN	I 'll do a little whip cracking and see if that can 't move things along and get them a little more organized . "
tr	NNS	He ignored the first few requests , found the most recent one and provided him a brief update without disclosing anything that could jeopardize the project .
tr	NNS	When Steven had mentioned flowers to Victoria , she had dismissed the traditional red roses suggesting something a little more exotic .
tr	NN	came a shout from the closet .
tr	NNS	As I said , Thompson has fired all the workers who liked Matt .
tr	NNS	" Fill out these forms and bring them back to me .
tr	NN	Maybe she should splurge and get new eyeliner .
tr	NN	Madeline grabbed the soggy wash cloth and flung it at her , hitting her on the back of the head .
tr	NN	But before he could speak another word , Delilah removed the ribbon from the box and stared .
tr	NN	This space needs a cleansing .
tr	NN	She pushed back the nausea that seemed to be her constant companion and locked herself in the bathroom .
tr	NN	Marcia , we have a visitor . "
tr	NN	Now Thomas was feeling the hunger .
tr	NNS	" You can fill out all the forms at the bar . "
tr	NNS	The blonde poured two cups of coffee , then led Holly into the cafe , where the women sat down .
tr	NNS	He remembered the jagged blades of rocks and the desperation he felt , or had he dreamt that ?
tr	NN	I had complete faith in my teacher and I followed him , where he took me to .
tr	NN	The she washed the drawer with an antibacterial soap and rinsed four times .
tr	NN	Steal a bicycle and take a few days to reach the eastern border .
tr	NNS	" I 've got , um , a hundred bucks I can throw in . "
tr	NNS	I have contacts in Hollywood who are all set to start filming the commercial for us .
tr	NN	He picks up a file .
tr	NN	With a deep breath of the night air , Matt picked up the shovel and starting pushing dirt into the grave .
tr	NNS	From their ship 's computer , they 'd already accessed the satellite systems over every English speaking country , which were many .
tr	NNS	He had burn marks on his chest and several cuts , but it was the horror of his mangled legs that made her terrified for him .
tr	NN	By the third day , I abandoned my umbrella entirely and walked around in a perpetual state of wetness .
tr	NN	I had the opposite sensation with Blake ; something told me to be wary of him .
tr	NN	I feel the urge to run , move .
tr	NN	Besides , I wanted his advice about whether we should tell Simon or not . "
tr	NNS	To be on the safe side , I park three blocks from the duplex and skulk through the night , sticking to the shadows .
tr	NNS	Either way , you can tell Eris that it will take more than a pretty face to end me . "
tr	NNS	His father reinstated his punishments .
tr	NNS	I 'd laugh when they talked to me , convinced my brain was playing tricks .
tr	NNS	Bethany took out her cigarettes and offered the pack to Bob .
tr	NNS	Could we have really served UPMC 's interests in that case if we hadn 't thoroughly researched our opponent ?
tr	NN	The next encounter , Maries will reiterate the full meaning of her sentence structure .
tr	NN	But we view justice differently .
tr	NN	" I mean , I get the purple and the green .
tr	NNS	I will keep no terms with my enemies .
tr	NN	Mallory faked a yawn and trudged toward the staircase .
tr	NN	Who in this town would kill anybody ?
tr	NN	" You mean the bird ? "
tr	NNS	He moved the knobs to reach the proper frequency where he could communicate with his prepper pact .
tr	NN	My head scrapes the ceiling and twigs snag my hair .
tr	NNS	And she knew some extremely dirty methods of fighting .
tr	NNS	" Do any of the other victims have ties to the psychic community , astrology , or the occult ? "
tr	NNS	Gracefully carved stone pillars supported a dome shaped ceiling , which was visible from all corners of the village .
tr	NN	So , now you want my advice ?
tr	NN	You should play basketball . "
tr	NN	" Get a bath , girls ! '
tr	NN	" Did his fiancée break off their engagement ? "
tr	NN	Eve turned the coffeepot on and washed her hands .
tr	NN	I called my pilot and told him that I 'd be delaying the flight for a couple of hours .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms to her belly .
tr	NN	She clutched the nearest pillow over her chest .
tr	NNS	He has murdered innocents , Citizens and loyal freemen . "
tr	NN	I undo my ponytail as he takes off his shirt and jeans and leaves them on a chair in the corner of my room .
tr	NNS	More exactly , it is about feeding the poor cats .
tr	NNS	Together they removed his breeches , tunic and shirt , cutting or tearing the tattered garments away .
tr	NN	You recognized the ' loner ' attitude , eh ? "
tr	NN	Why did he have an overwhelming urge to make her realize it was something more ?
tr	NN	It took dedication to have a nap myself .
tr	NNS	First he checked the electrical systems .
tr	NNS	They hefted the mattress on top of the bed frame in the back of the muddy truck .
tr	NN	Concern straightened his spine and canceled his plans to chastise her for not answering his other calls .
tr	NNS	The evidence pointed to unlikely suspects -- a few road workers seen on the bridge , and a demolitions expert with no history of violent crime .
tr	NN	On the Weather Channel , people always survive catastrophe , because these are the people who are interviewed for the program .
tr	NNS	Captain Alden 's helicopter rested across the way , engine idling , rotors turning slowly .
tr	NNS	I see reports that betray her authorship and she sees ones betraying mine .
tr	NNS	Lily had shields she had developed over the years and it was automatic on her part to use them .
tr	NN	His body gave an involuntary shudder .
tr	NN	Yuna took the jar , smoothing her fingers on the label .
tr	NN	Sam had lost his virginity at fifteen to a hot senior cheerleader .
tr	NN	Michael put down the rod and walked slowly toward him , smiling and pointing upstream .
tr	NNS	He took big bites .
tr	NN	Bentley would lose all inherited status .
tr	NN	I toss the empty package in the trash along with the rest of the herbal soap bars .
tr	NNS	My parents emptied their pockets of me and left me to evaporate on a concrete slab .
tr	NN	The early spring shadows were already crossing the playground and a chill was in the air , a reflection of the higher altitude of the area .
tr	NNS	The undead had used razor-sharp talons , shredding through the cords .
tr	NNS	Time wasn 't playing tricks on her .
tr	NNS	" What runs the lamps ? "
tr	NNS	And we can lose the other 5 acceleration chairs .
tr	NNS	In the past months , Aether storms had started fires that sheared through the hills , leaving wide , charred stretches .
tr	NNS	His silhouette blocked the dregs of sun filtering through the curtain .
tr	NN	" Also their privacy .
tr	NN	She 'd never accepted pity , not even from herself .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to lean close enough to smell his hair .
tr	NNS	Juries liked their experts to look like experts .
tr	NN	With nervous fingers , I lift off the lid and gasp .
tr	NNS	Sam tied up her twists , grabbed an extra cover from the closet 's top shelf , and dragged it over to the couch .
tr	NN	And , the effect was , we didn 't do nothing sweetness with the implants , silly girl .
tr	NNS	Her mind played tricks on her .
tr	NNS	Now his voice held a coldness that promised retribution if she didn 't comply .
tr	NNS	When I give the signal , hold the shields in front of your face , and do not move !
tr	NN	Once you have what you want loaded on to the transport vehicle we 'll grab the coffin . "
tr	NNS	The Tempest High Leader gazed past Janelle .
tr	NNS	Like me , he likes tidy conclusions , tidy reports ; he abhors loose ends and doesn 't always appreciate having to treasure his exceptions .
tr	NNS	I felt the other stares , and when I looked at Aiden , he wore a perplexed expression as he watched me and Seth .
tr	NN	George heard the conviction in her voice .
tr	NNS	He gave her directions and paced while waiting , one ear cocked for the sound of a car in his driveway .
tr	NNS	It could cause complications . "
tr	NN	We witnessed every detail .
tr	NN	It is spewing out lava and water vapor .
tr	NNS	" You put those mermaids in a trance with your song .
tr	NNS	Selena felt butterflies swirling and dipping in her stomach .
tr	NNS	Dwayne once demonstrated his superhuman powers to him for two reasons .
tr	NNS	" I can 't find any more references in these books on old English anywhere . "
tr	NNS	Though , as an infant , I lacked the language needed to describe what I experienced , I had other senses to give my existence a vision .
tr	NNS	Decision made , I gripped the knives in my hand and strapped them to the inside of my thigh .
tr	NNS	The longer she did the more Nate could see tiny creases forming in the corners of her eyes .
tr	NNS	I could wipe out all these fears stirring inside of me that he was something I couldn 't have or touch .
tr	NN	Eschewing the traditional blood red , she wore a sophisticated ivory satin gown , a nod to her culture .
tr	NN	What conviction do you share with me ? "
tr	NN	We still hold the port ! "
tr	NNS	Getting past the guards required talent , but tearing out the door exceeded my expectations .
tr	NN	Autry set the jar of the old time NIL on the night stand , then took a seat .
tr	NN	" Is this the man who made the whole island tremble ? "
tr	NNS	Those lying dogs ... " Now it was Angel ia 's turn to be baffled .
tr	NNS	I have finals the next day .
tr	NN	" Take a bath . "
tr	NNS	He pressed both palms against his ears as hard as he could .
tr	NN	" Here , " she shoved a magazine in my face .
tr	NN	You don 't have internet or TV .
tr	NNS	Over the years he murdered numerous families .
tr	NNS	Corrado had surveyed the spectators when he was ushered in , spotting Celia in the back with her nephew , Dominic .
tr	NN	I pant , folding at the waist then upright , feeling , like vomiting , but can 't .
tr	NNS	" Because no matter what I feel , I can 't fight centuries of rules and traditions , and neither can you . "
tr	NN	And Sawyer was calling off the merger .
tr	NNS	He didn 't need condoms to head out into the field to work with his horses and cows , to fix fence , to rotate his crops .
tr	NN	He sipped his whisky .
tr	NNS	Gather all the chemicals around the basement and pour them on Vena 's roots .
tr	NN	I open the side drawer where she keeps the bank bag and pull it out .
tr	NN	Now the old man is treating the clerk to the story behind his bum leg .
tr	NN	Simon had explained it to her back at the stream the day they had caught those strange flat fish for dinner .
tr	NN	I step closer , my voice softening .
tr	NNS	" How is shooting napkin balls like basketballs towards a trashcan and missing a form of football practice ? "
tr	NN	Cereals had never committed that betrayal .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths and the dizziness receded , too .
tr	NN	He dialed the iPod to the playlist he 'd created just for his mother .
tr	NNS	His lips brushed a caress into her hair and he left her , closing the door firmly behind him .
tr	NNS	None of the others had marks .
tr	NN	Maries smiles and smoothes her vest as they exit the room .
tr	NN	She wasn 't wearing the talisman , but was adorned in jewels once again .
tr	NNS	The guards held their positions as Ares began to ascend into a vast stone cone .
tr	NNS	They either gave him a few coins , or they hurried away like they hadn 't seen him .
tr	NNS	" They have shot their missiles at our chariots .
tr	NN	Mike and Don didn 't get a parole option . "
tr	NNS	He had instructed his commanders to hit and run .
tr	NN	Tally picked up the bat and walked to the plate .
tr	NN	" I had a duty to fulfil . "
tr	NN	" More like a union .
tr	NNS	How could the ancient and mighty power of the one God , of Yahweh and Allah , be vanquished by ... dragons ?
tr	NN	Dee scratched a fingernail along the beer label .
tr	NNS	And just so you know , the way you 're dressed is bringing those desires to the forefront of my mind . "
tr	NNS	He 'd noted the changes in her immediately .
tr	NN	" A Vampire attacked a Werewolf .
tr	NN	You burned my armour ; I 'll need some more . "
tr	NNS	Juliet and Cara were already pulling chairs over next to their boyfriends .
tr	NNS	We passed pedestrians holding bags and pedestrians holding each other .
tr	NNS	The Moose Club destroyed his finances since he closed it 15 years ago .
tr	NN	Gen gave a sulky pout but drank the full glass , then dove into the chips .
tr	NN	" And what new lies did my uncle share with you ? "
tr	NNS	He started mentally calculating dollar figures .
tr	NN	She had her usual appointment at the clinic but afterwards , she wanted to spend some time getting pampered .
tr	NNS	She 's aware of you at all times , adjusting her movements to your movements .
tr	NNS	She cracked the trays and dropped the ice over James 's still body .
tr	NNS	Back up three inches . "
tr	NNS	You have all these big shots attending .
tr	NN	The young police chief stepped off the podium , and the air around it flooded with incessant questions .
tr	NN	" By the Lord , I 'd take the responsibility , if I knew enough to do so with a reasonable chance of success . "
tr	NNS	" Scorpion has seen the same reports we have here .
tr	NN	Does Constance possess any feature that could be used to track her ?
tr	NN	He had recently taken expert advice about the wall of the Wood .
tr	NNS	No one could throw water balloons around the barbeque .
tr	NN	Eric and I have a History .
tr	NNS	I 'd had nightmares less terrifying .
tr	NN	A pair of lifeless eyes made her shudder , though she 'd much prefer that to the cold glow of an activated mech .
tr	NN	One day he would run his own promotion , and it would be done properly .
tr	NN	When she answered , he blurted out an abbreviated version of his conversation with Marcella and told her he had contacted the FBI .
tr	NN	To her surprise , Matt defied expectation and returned the empties to his cooler .
tr	NN	Zeke Tanner offered a backpack to Craig .
tr	NN	The Hermit gave a halfhearted shrug .
tr	NN	" You 're giving me logic .
tr	NNS	Instead , Trinity could just make out two figures as they struggled against the force of the wind to get to their feet before fleeing .
tr	NNS	" I will pay you five dollars . "
tr	NN	We passed the jar around .
tr	NNS	Maybe I should just put photographs up on the blog every day , rather than writing my usual waffle .
tr	NN	His breath held the tang of alcohol .
tr	NN	Mary Elise searched the windswept stretch of cement for the source of Danny 's tension .
tr	NNS	We can 't control the actions of others .
tr	NNS	Take my losses and move on . "
tr	NN	He put down the pen he 'd been toying with , and started to stand .
tr	NNS	I 'll have no more pies stolen by the likes of you !
tr	NN	Clare gave serious consideration to climbing over the granite counter and throttling her .
tr	NNS	Heat twisted her insides , but she wrenched her mind back to the task at hand .
tr	NN	" I don 't ... um ... what ? "
tr	NNS	I wasn 't making any connections .
tr	NN	I do as well , but if you could see to your business then leave , I 'd offer any favor in return that I could . "
tr	NNS	She didn 't ask Jess how she 'd known .
tr	NN	I flip open my menu to avoid her penetrating gaze .
tr	NNS	Having regular bowel movements ? "
tr	NNS	Even though Zeke asked her not to she 'd checked James 's credentials .
tr	NNS	The smell of desire battering his senses .
tr	NN	With wide-eyed abandon he raised his pistol and screamed something inaudible .
tr	NNS	He still owes them two hundred dollars .
tr	NN	Her voice held bitter sharpness .
tr	NN	Give them a discount or something ? "
tr	NN	Mrs. Sterling opened her umbrella and went down the back stairs .
tr	NN	Painfully he clambered down the tower to the street .
tr	NN	" The Nephilim race is already seeking revenge on angels .
tr	NN	He gets input . "
tr	NN	She was floating facedown .
tr	NNS	I heard someone hiss inside the room .
tr	NNS	Have you ever seen the figures Picasso painted ?
tr	NN	Will probably make an excellent hunter , too .
tr	NNS	Our old friend Lucas used some old contacts to send them this way .
tr	NNS	He was placing ridiculous restrictions on her for no reason .
tr	NNS	She poured two generous measures into a pair of juice glasses , then a hint of orange juice over them .
tr	NNS	It took several blinks before I realized it was Vlad 's face .
tr	NN	Erin picked up a Sig Sauer pistol .
tr	NNS	A few others shared his sentiments , but most still clung to what little hope there was .
tr	NN	I couldn 't believe the fury his words stoked in me , the rage that made my fingertips -- tattooed or not -- tingle .
tr	NN	I pulled up the whip as I rolled it up and stared out into the dark waiting for the unknown .
tr	NN	I know pity when I hear it .
tr	NN	Mary hesitantly took the pistol from her .
tr	NNS	Virgin white and innocent like the victims they held .
tr	NNS	I ticked the points off to make sure I had it right .
tr	NNS	We heard loud rambling noises and we looked up .
tr	NNS	He had five sons , all grown , and a wife , Carol , who was in the beginning stages of dementia .
tr	NN	The round ricocheted off the balcony railing .
tr	NNS	You 've got your talents elsewhere .
tr	NN	He raised the rusty tool over Frank .
tr	NNS	It still carried the water stains and mud from that fateful night .
tr	NN	Olivia watched unmoving , arrested by his proximity , as he set the jar aside and picked up her hands .
tr	NN	Lots of shipwrecks , I daresay , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NNS	He pulled me back , so I was lying on top of him , our faces inches apart as I looked down at him .
tr	NN	" Sweetheart , I wrote the article of a lifetime and it left me cold and empty inside because I didn 't have you . "
tr	NN	She drank a mouthful of the clean liquid , letting it soothe her tongue and throat .
tr	NNS	The glass gave him the abilities to see great distances , but not the ability to see through objects .
tr	NN	Colton admired his boyfriend 's chivalry .
tr	NN	I drew Spirit up into my hands and focused on Selena , her back towards me .
tr	NNS	It reappears a dozen yards away , falling uselessly to the sand .
tr	NN	He had a pen clenched in one hand , and scribbled furiously at a stack of forms .
tr	NN	Sal 's eyes showed pity , sympathy .
tr	NN	Jack didn 't correct the assumption , but turned his head away , not wanting to think about Lorraine .
tr	NN	But as it got louder , he heard a telltale gurgle .
tr	NNS	She had been given two blood exchanges by her parents , just in case of an emergency .
tr	NN	He felt more than heard the slur in his voice .
tr	NN	Whenever the salamander flicked her head to one side , the nearest dolphin repeated the gesture .
tr	NNS	See the photographs in Notes Sumer .
tr	NNS	" You can 't control your dad 's actions anymore than you could control the accident . "
tr	NN	Mr. Krebs slowly brought the big wagon up to speed and crawled away from his tiny bit of the world toward a tiny bit he rarely ventured .
tr	NNS	" Sari burned their ships behind them .
tr	NNS	She 'd done backgrounds on everyone including the workers here .
tr	NN	So where did you learn football ? "
tr	NN	" Try the cluster of stars up there on the left .
tr	NNS	" Fifty bucks . "
tr	NNS	If you have ever walked down Bourbon Street during Marti Gras , you have seen masses of outrageous drunks .
tr	NNS	" He sells drugs .
tr	NNS	The Sudanese man however had left his wits at the door .
tr	NN	I need precise info to catch this creature !
tr	NN	says the beard , his Noise itching to shoot something .
tr	NNS	Damn thing was so short for him , the backs of his knees had permanent dents from hanging over the arm for hours at a stretch .
tr	NN	He 's changed his t-shirt , but still has the same pair of jeans on .
tr	NN	Next to him stood another magician 's assistant .
tr	NNS	The oracle , ragged , dusty and as brittle as old newspaper , turned the hollow pits of her eyes on me and didn 't look away .
tr	NN	" Remember my personal assistant ? "
tr	NN	With reluctance , Rafe took the doctor 's advice and saw him out .
tr	NN	He 's got a strong jawline .
tr	NN	" Maybe we should make an appointment . "
tr	NNS	It means rock guitars and Eric Clapton . "
tr	NN	" You have always defined perfection to me . "
tr	NNS	Why don 't you do interviews ?
tr	NN	Ethan brings the crowbar up and begins to knock it against the wall .
tr	NN	Sakura felt Darcy 's body stiffen .
tr	NNS	So we play on what 's left , 90 yards .
tr	NNS	Most of them carried tall spears with narrow points that caught the sun six feet above their heads .
tr	NN	Already she was clearing her computer terminal , doing only what was absolutely necessary so she could leave .
tr	NNS	I dumped the pencils and pens from the mug that served as our pencil can ; they clattered and rolled every which way on the desk .
tr	NNS	She was frantically chopping up ingredients for a salad when she noticed a hush fall over the kitchen staff .
tr	NN	He offers me a cupcake in the shape of a pumpkin .
tr	NNS	Shouldn 't I lose points for that or something ? "
tr	NNS	And tell young Edmund I said to provide you with all necessary assistance .
tr	NN	A voice came over the speaker again , blasting with urgency .
tr	NNS	Why do you brush off all discussions that have any kind of importance to me ? "
tr	NN	I felt a tingling across my back , as though it already knew what it would encounter later .
tr	NNS	I 'm canceling your credit cards as soon as I leave here and I 'm cleaning out your student bank account .
tr	NN	He handed her a napkin .
tr	NN	Another lost film about a young girl who carries the souls of the dead to the ocean .
tr	NNS	" Well , we all have our talents . "
tr	NNS	A wounded creature of any kind can makes noises like that and she can tell the difference between those of warning and those of pain .
tr	NN	" Adam ... " I brush a strand of hair away from his forehead .
tr	NN	The drive home felt bittersweet .
tr	NNS	So Tandy was always sending requests for small articles he found difficult to get in France .
tr	NN	I give him a playful shove , and he finally hands the box to me .
tr	NNS	The bite electrified her and she arched her body as the flow of pleasure nearly swamped her senses .
tr	NN	Martin had barely made any impression on his last drink and was surprised to see that his companion 's glass was once again empty .
tr	NN	Quietly , he placed each item in the backpack .
tr	NN	After all , I had no proof .
tr	NNS	I gave him directions in a hushed voice .
tr	NNS	I soothed their fears by telling them that they were too sexy not to take pictures and movies of , that they should be models .
tr	NNS	She recited the directions to herself .
tr	NN	" Enter military mode !
tr	NN	" Three blind men were shown an elephant .
tr	NNS	" Of sorts . "
tr	NNS	The vampire bared his fangs , and turned to face the advancing cougar .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , Your Majesty . "
tr	NN	Oscar ended his narrative with , " I 'm going to a bar now . "
tr	NN	A.F. yet bemoans the volcano he caus 'd to be born out in those seas during that summer .
tr	NNS	" I have many female acquaintances who would use the situation to their advantage .
tr	NNS	" Of course , " Kara continued , " we can make other arrangements if any of you are uncomfortable . "
tr	NNS	After burning the remains they erected massive marble effigy statues .
tr	NNS	" Where do I find fifty clients ? "
tr	NN	I asked a little pathetically .
tr	NNS	If it was as beautiful on the inside as it was outside , I was switching hotels .
tr	NNS	The medicine woman confirmed my suspicions today .
tr	NNS	" I like fires . "
tr	NN	But now that Madeline was changing the subject , she felt a measure of unease trickle through her veins .
tr	NNS	" If they are using that as an excuse , then they should rethink their motives .
tr	NN	A buffet table , set up against the wall , held a tiered wedding cake , with a large silver punch bowl beside it .
tr	NNS	Neither of us had helmets . "
tr	NN	Lily 's arms and legs clung to him like a vise .
tr	NN	Sally ran a small cafe down on the pontoon beside the river .
tr	NN	He wore a black t-shirt tucked into his black pants with his belly overlapping his belt .
tr	NN	I could feel his fingers tremble not with anger this time .
tr	NN	Gabe let his eyes flick toward Lucky .
tr	NN	He stopped his motorcycle on the side of the road and started walking around frantically .
tr	NNS	I follow Knox 's directions and I run into a couple walking down the steps .
tr	NNS	Did you check the new freshmen twins ?
tr	NN	" I own a nightclub , a few other office buildings , and a small commercial plaza . "
tr	NNS	I gave you the babies , the Martin babies - both unborn - and countless others - and you have failed .
tr	NNS	His ink swirled up his biceps , and I knew exactly how they intertwined on his chest , right near the tattoo he 'd gotten for me .
tr	NN	Hang around like a sitting duck for this King Bobby character to find you , or hide out . "
tr	NN	I 'll expect the uniform back tomorrow .
tr	NN	" They think they 're being ironic , " Newton said , " like my t-shirt . "
tr	NN	" You could have given a speech . "
tr	NNS	Hated the scents , the sounds , and the overwhelming whiteness of the rooms .
tr	NNS	But before he could leave the traffic circle , he spied five Iridium type robots charging at him .
tr	NNS	" The rest of you , search all the buildings and report back if you find anything .
tr	NN	Her mother was holding the picnic basket , her mouth compressed , and she had the boys separated , with one on each side of her .
tr	NNS	She kicked off her sandals as , she stepped out of the slacks and stood for a moment in her underwear .
tr	NNS	I will give you visions of how I met your mother if you want .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of herself in a full-body length mirror against a wall of the apartment .
tr	NN	" So we need a jar that size , and we need to fill it with jelly beans and then count them .
tr	NNS	She made clucking noises as she left the kitchen wearing thick rubber gloves .
tr	NN	I haven 't forgotten my debt to you or Nicolette .
tr	NN	Missy 's heart started its hummingbird flapping again .
tr	NN	Don 't you need video to prove your target 's working ? "
tr	NNS	They 'd have their difficulties but their commitment and love for each other was strong enough to keep them together .
tr	NN	I could see her swollen belly peeking out as she moved closer .
tr	NNS	" Spread those pretty thighs for me . "
tr	NN	I will have a bath drawn for you .
tr	NN	I 've got an obligation here .
tr	NNS	She drained the dregs of her tea and straightened her knife and fork .
tr	NNS	Jonas massaged his ribs and smiled dangerously at her for a second .
tr	NNS	Did they use dogs for deer ?
tr	NNS	Buddy cut up some apples and carrots and led Mandy out to the corral for their nightly visit with Buck and Thunder .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to fidget under his steady stare .
tr	NN	I pulled the silver hem between my fingers and whispered , " My silver lining . "
tr	NNS	" Maybe you were wearing beer goggles that night . "
tr	NNS	Walter made some changes after Elijah 's death , and vowed to eat and live healthier .
tr	NNS	How very much she wanted Dee 's boldness .
tr	NN	I know the chief of staff and he owes me a few favors . "
tr	NNS	They opened gaps and then folded in upon them again in order to weave a continuous web around their attackers .
tr	NN	I beg your forgiveness and will do anything to repay you for my transgressions .
tr	NNS	The following morning brought more surprises , too , and none of them were good .
tr	NNS	Since then everyone 's been taking their positions on their side of the line .
tr	NN	shouted Karl , raspy in voice , aiming his pistol at the dozing guard .
tr	NNS	I have two grown cats that I love to death !
tr	NNS	Anyway , I finished the classes without Jolene attending a single one . "
tr	NN	" Feel like pizza ? "
tr	NN	He heard the boar about two in the morning .
tr	NN	' You had never met an elf before , or agreed to be her Ri § ine .
tr	NN	' What happened , honey ? '
tr	NNS	She saw the fifty-six Shield Bugs lined up ready for action and decided to keep her own bug beside her .
tr	NNS	" Who needs forks ? "
tr	NN	As he looks around , I steer the cart to the back of the lodge and fret once more over my situation .
tr	NN	I didn 't steal the wagon , " he noted clinically , but I did steal the firewood and the chickens - just to keep in practice .
tr	NN	Some demons can sense intent before it happens and I didn 't know which demon heart they 'd used , so I cloaked my feelings . "
tr	NN	" They will embrace some new idiocy tomorrow .
tr	NNS	He asked the bats and Temp to fish in a nearby stream .
tr	NNS	Every twig that snaps , every shuffle of leaves and stir of treetops sets my heightened senses on even higher alert .
tr	NN	He loves that crap . "
tr	NNS	Dickie put the coins in his coat pocket .
tr	NNS	She saw the figures emerging from the cave before they stepped into the moonlight .
tr	NNS	" I don 't need excuses .
tr	NNS	" I have no designs .
tr	NN	I could have met my maker today .
tr	NNS	I have Abner 's abilities .
tr	NN	Practice the flute . "
tr	NNS	Mariella had just turned eleven .
tr	NNS	He gratefully took several deep breaths .
tr	NNS	The knowledge of the Kings before him crowded the pages of those tomes , some writings so old they were impossible to decipher .
tr	NNS	He must have recognized my less than enthusiastic interactions with the wannabe spies , I mean clients .
tr	NN	" First , I should introduce my personal assistant , Kentucky Sharpe .
tr	NNS	He didn 't fulfill her worst fears .
tr	NN	Finally , I said goodnight to them all as Denver closed his door and Rowena disappeared into her room .
tr	NN	I smacked his thigh , but he wouldn 't stop staring .
tr	NNS	He had seen murder victims before .
tr	NNS	Although the fan is on , I still feel overheated .
tr	NNS	Within the time specified , they reached the ruins by the Sea , where the monster yet sat , awaiting its master 's return .
tr	NNS	Those of minds filled stronger with thought to serve self than with faithful scholarship have usurped the true teachings .
tr	NNS	" Not Prime powers .
tr	NN	They abandoned the female wing of the dorms and moved to the males ' wing .
tr	NNS	Before she gets there , we 'll set our positions in the rafters and in the hallway , the back door and the school entrance .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of movement from the right side of the corridor .
tr	NN	He indicated the swing .
tr	NN	Besides , I 've got a good-bye celebration to get to .
tr	NNS	Eric read the first pages again .
tr	NN	" We do not want a repeat of your meltdown . "
tr	NN	He had no talent .
tr	NN	I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around my waist .
tr	NNS	No other article of cloth , at any time in history , bore marks such as these .
tr	NN	Elijah reads a British music magazine and listens to his headphones .
tr	NN	He gave a dismissive shrug .
tr	NNS	They both had tufted velvet cushions , one green and the other orange .
tr	NN	One of the other girls saw the article in the paper and called in .
tr	NN	He brushed a strand of my hair out of my face before resting his hand on my shoulder .
tr	NN	" The last time I saw you , you were plotting my removal from the Manor . "
tr	NNS	You do not want the needles to come out .
tr	NNS	" So I 'm not taking any chances . "
tr	NNS	As I feared , I saw the Scientists , dressed in surgeon outfits .
tr	NN	His hand gently pushed a strand of hair out of my face , his fingertips lingering against my cheek .
tr	NNS	Most buildings had shops and restaurants on the first floor with apartments up above , but there were a few strictly residential buildings strewn among them .
tr	NNS	Its glowing rays falling over me , I activated the cameras in my apartment .
tr	NNS	She gathered up the magazines around the room and stacked them neatly by his recliner chair .
tr	NN	Ignoring these letters , like she had been for the last year , was like ignoring an ache that wouldn 't go away .
tr	NNS	I 've got guy issues , and it all goes back to my dad not loving me or whatever .
tr	NN	We have some real cargo to deliver after we dump this Schulman . "
tr	NN	Another was in Wyoming , the third , I can 't recall its location .
tr	NNS	Then the other rhymes must give the directions .
tr	NN	Get my final exam together .
tr	NN	" Get the powder . "
tr	NNS	" And thus our own natures determine our conclusions . "
tr	NN	I lifted the rod in my hand , and pulled the trigger ... once ... twice ... three ... four times .
tr	NN	He saw white paint smeared across the two-story barn .
tr	NNS	Mad Dog smiled encouragingly .
tr	NN	Greg grabbed a slice anyway .
tr	NNS	I 've never had issues resisting the hottest of them .
tr	NN	He needed a massage , a hot tub , and a beer , and then maybe this growing tension would ease .
tr	NN	She tracked the bird with the crossbow , but something in her refused to kill it .
tr	NN	We ascended a staircase I didn 't know that led to passages I 'd never seen .
tr	NNS	" But you 'd get arguments from all kinds of people that the Bible has got to be perfect .
tr	NNS	She took some deep breaths and told herself to forget it .
tr	NN	I make the circuit , chatting with Ryan and Edward , with Steve and Anderson .
tr	NN	" But I 'm buying this outfit .
tr	NNS	They faced many dangers , and destroyed many other dangers separately and alone .
tr	NN	Her voice made my entire body tense ... I wasn 't sure if it was from addiction , yearning , or fear .
tr	NNS	We have the deeds to the property as well .
tr	NN	She gave his hand another gentle squeeze .
tr	NN	As with Mr. Mercer , Emma could see her own resemblance to her grandmother now that she knew to look for it .
tr	NN	Isaac licked the crimson liquid from my arm .
tr	NN	He held a martini in his hand .
tr	NNS	She put down the wineglass and stood up ; then she moved to the window , staring out , as if her location had been the problem .
tr	NNS	She took a few more paces and did another scan .
tr	NNS	He had two badly sprained thumbs , excruciating pain in his groin , and a backbone that had been badly jarred .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't remember any other dances that I 'd attended , but it didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	She 'd had no lovers .
tr	NN	He returned the gesture quickly , clasping the man 's wrist .
tr	NN	But I never really felt heartbroken .
tr	NNS	Unlike most dragon breeds , Sand dragons didn 't have multiple scales covering their vulnerable flesh .
tr	NN	' What can I do , my lord , to redeem my errors ? '
tr	NN	From the front doors of the house , she saw a familiar red Camaro parked behind Marnie 's Corvette .
tr	NNS	I shove my feet into my shoes and walk the hallways , shoelaces slapping the carpets .
tr	NNS	Your ideals can 't face down armies .
tr	NNS	" They just can 't handle machine data . "
tr	NNS	Not everyone saw all these activities in the same light .
tr	NN	" Are you ever planning to tell me about this favor you owe my uncle ? "
tr	NNS	Her bottom nudged his thighs .
tr	NN	They both looked dumbstruck .
tr	NN	He felt an increasing agitation which hindered him from steady occupation .
tr	NN	She gave a small exclamation of pleasure .
tr	NNS	Edward stopped a few yards away from Jacob , and I could tell that he was uncomfortable having me so close to a werewolf .
tr	NNS	He picks up the last few pages still glued in a chunk .
tr	NNS	Soon , workmen deliver chairs and cables , stacking the crates three deep against the far wall .
tr	NN	" The mast is conducting electricity because it 's made of metal .
tr	NN	The young man was looking a bit disheveled and was holding a bloodied handkerchief to his head .
tr	NN	" Give me more credit than that . "
tr	NNS	He couldn , t see his attackers .
tr	NNS	A second later , he had scored two more points .
tr	NN	It could be considered his hobby .
tr	NN	Apprehension exacerbated the nausea , and he continued to pace around the barracks .
tr	NN	You have the option to join us , or not . "
tr	NNS	Finley had been doing solo missions since she was fourteen .
tr	NN	I heard something slam down .
tr	NN	These thoughts firmed his resolve .
tr	NNS	Now bite , " Alec said , and Simon did , his fangs piercing fast and clean through the skin , the blood exploding into his mouth .
tr	NN	A cold chill ran up his spine .
tr	NN	She could feel the coiled resistance in him , but refused to release him .
tr	NNS	" So ... can you give me some directions ? "
tr	NNS	I saw the wheels spinning in his head .
tr	NN	Jenny felt a sudden pang of loneliness .
tr	NN	Suddenly he realized the meaning of these phenomena .
tr	NN	" I don 't know that I 'm in a place where I 'm comfortable offering anyone anything , let alone offering a guy like Race everything .
tr	NN	Once Nick and her met up and had a chance to talk , they could fabricate a good justification for his unexplained , temporary disappearance .
tr	NN	He got the impression that she was starting to really see him .
tr	NN	She yanked the ribbon off the box and withdrew the roses .
tr	NNS	I don 't have magical pockets like Doraemon !
tr	NNS	" You put those mushrooms in your own plate . "
tr	NNS	She made all the right noises but otherwise , she didn 't pay much attention to the man .
tr	NNS	I see figures at the corner of my eye ; they 're here to bring us over for the riders ' parade .
tr	NNS	He hardly noticed his surroundings .
tr	NN	Sebastian reached into a pouch hanging from his weapons belt and took from it a chunk of what looked like quartz .
tr	NN	I 've got a stitch in my side , and since I 'm not wearing a sports bra , I think I 've permanently injured my boobs .
tr	NNS	But when he looked away , he saw the creeping figures out of the corner of his eye .
tr	NN	I control the swing , but I don 't control the fling . "
tr	NNS	There were clanging noises from outside , and huge reverberating shocks as if heavy loads of material were being dropped to the street .
tr	NNS	They also don 't have pockets .
tr	NN	" Jell-O brand ? "
tr	NN	All the while , the shifter stood statue still before his Apex , oblivious to the wanting in her eyes , waiting for instructions .
tr	NNS	She moved the top layers around , revealing more clothes beneath .
tr	NNS	Their mother grabbed four desert plates , some forks and a knife to cut the cake .
tr	NNS	" I 'll just get these plates out of your way . "
tr	NNS	Ashe got two plates of food on a tray and went to Trajan 's bedroom on the second floor .
tr	NN	Travis finally slowed the motorcycle , pulling onto a large grassy lot near the end of the block .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't kill the dogs , so he decided he would have to trap them .
tr	NNS	Try attacking adults for a while .
tr	NN	I squeezed a worm that seemed out of place .
tr	NN	Out of the corner of his eye , he saw the curtain slowly close and his heart started pounding a little less violently .
tr	NN	She did not light the black candle , only the white ones .
tr	NNS	As high profile as he is , the loss of him or his Mark under my watch would ruin centuries of prestige .
tr	NNS	Pregnancy had heightened her senses , and Chaz played into them with tantalizing care .
tr	NNS	She gulped the last drops and looked at her watch .
tr	NNS	" I don 't think two chairs would fit in here . "
tr	NN	Abbey let out a low moan and put her head in her hands again .
tr	NN	He had never known pizza or doughnuts to be plants until now .
tr	NNS	This past year she took all AP classes .
tr	NNS	The air was chilled , a slight wind carried down the halls of the keep from outside .
tr	NNS	We 'll pick numbers , and when it 's your turn to pick a gift , you have to try and guess what type alcohol it is .
tr	NN	Orla set up a press release which she sent to every newspaper , magazine and radio programme .
tr	NNS	" What ho , boon companions ? "
tr	NN	Gray perched his hip on a corner of his desk .
tr	NN	' Tomorrow you will receive your own bird and tree .
tr	NNS	But where to get the twelve hundred dollars ?
tr	NN	Collin pulled off his cap , and rubbed his shaggy hair .
tr	NN	He gives me another squeeze .
tr	NN	Melissa dropped the shovel and ran to meet him half-way .
tr	NN	When he placed the food before me , the smell of bacon made my stomach growl so loudly he looked down at me with a raised eyebrow .
tr	NN	That offered a protection which the serial killer wouldn 't know about .
tr	NN	-- asked the waitress .
tr	NN	I do love Brett .
tr	NN	" I will make another blacksmith and then two more after that .
tr	NNS	I had heard tales of such a thing in my classes .
tr	NN	" I should have gotten a medal . "
tr	NNS	Oh , dear heavens .
tr	NN	Pregnancy had given her coppery hair , always her best feature anyway , a new shine .
tr	NNS	He 'd gone several blocks and needed to backtrack to get home .
tr	NNS	You Americans have forgotten all your leaders .
tr	NN	I will always uphold the constitution , my community , and the agency I serve . '
tr	NN	But he did not have the patience for these simpletons fate had seen fit to surround him with .
tr	NN	Sarah felt the blood drain from her body .
tr	NN	He took a napkin and ran it across his mouth .
tr	NNS	Among them he found several interesting and rather disturbing subjects .
tr	NNS	I could see hard , green apples sprouting on the branches around me .
tr	NNS	She placed her palms on my chest and brought her face close to mine .
tr	NN	Charlie pulled her backpack off of her shoulder and dropped it in a broom closet that she knew no one would be going to .
tr	NN	I asked the pilot .
tr	NN	I picked up my vodka tonic and drained the glass , the cold liquid doing nothing to dampen my desire .
tr	NN	" I got nothin ' with me to trade .
tr	NN	She swallowed a bubble of anxiety .
tr	NNS	A sweet soft scent , one that reminded him of lavender , invaded his senses .
tr	NNS	" Flattery gave you drugs ? "
tr	NN	Candy pulled out a nail file .
tr	NNS	Billie took a few deep breaths as the room started to spin .
tr	NNS	We were studying artifacts from a Native American village found a year ago in Bremerton .
tr	NN	She had gotten her hero into a sticky situation , but could it be any stickier than the one she found herself in ?
tr	NN	The boy can pick up almost any instrument and play it .
tr	NN	Adrenalin jacked up her heart rate .
tr	NN	He had a drawl , a southern one , but it didn 't sound like he was born to it .
tr	NNS	He 'd had nightmares about that moment .
tr	NN	I don 't even get a shrug in return .
tr	NN	I pinched the ridge of my nose and squeezed my eyes shut .
tr	NNS	He removed his fangs and took as much of her breast in his mouth as he could .
tr	NN	I miss him so much Warden . "
tr	NNS	" I will make arrangements to leave tomorrow evening . "
tr	NN	He grabbed the briefcase and turned to leave .
tr	NN	If you 'd like to come , I will give you instruction . "
tr	NNS	She took deep belly breaths , which she 'd learned in yoga class .
tr	NNS	The strong odor of melted wax flooded his senses before his eyes fluttered open .
tr	NN	Of the sheer unbridled joy of being the object of his interest , the target of his appreciation , the instigator of his desire .
tr	NN	She affected a shudder .
tr	NN	The other men repeated the prayer .
tr	NNS	Something frightened those birds , and we 'd better find out what it was . "
tr	NN	He unscrewed the cap and took a swig .
tr	NNS	Every time she closed her eyes , she saw the vampire 's hellish gaze , felt his fangs savaging her throat again and again .
tr	NNS	You 're making assumptions -- " " Like someone else we know , right ?
tr	NNS	Tristan bared his fangs at me , growling low in his throat .
tr	NNS	Silently , she drew back the covers and got dressed .
tr	NNS	I managed a few bites of my double bacon cheeseburger and extra crispy chili cheese fries .
tr	NN	I couldn 't see the clock from here , but I could hear it ticking .
tr	NN	It had taken over his face completely , a skeletal visage straight out of nightmares .
tr	NN	But on his unmade bed lay a backpack .
tr	NNS	" Like goddamned cats and dogs , right there in his room .
tr	NN	In pen six Jackie rolled a towel around the little harbor seal , pinning its flippers to its sides .
tr	NNS	He even grew whiskers . "
tr	NNS	I feel the ghosts of spectators watching us as we land .
tr	NNS	You spend your weekends with them , but when you get home on Monday are you worried about daycare , or whether he 's sick ? "
tr	NN	Now that he was free , he understood the depth of his troubles .
tr	NNS	Mates press their mouths together . "
tr	NN	I probably shouldn 't have shaved my beard until my new license photo was due .
tr	NN	You just gained my respect . "
tr	NNS	" I warned you , I had skills .
tr	NNS	Various periodicals and William 's old notes filled the shelves and drawers in the end tables .
tr	NNS	" I do not see any other dragons , either . "
tr	NNS	Disrupting their crazy execution ritual wouldn 't exactly foster good relations . "
tr	NNS	If passed , it would grant vampires the same rights as humans .
tr	NNS	Obviously I have no computer skills at all , so I really need your help . "
tr	NNS	" You 're sending me mixed signals .
tr	NN	' I just don 't like standing around here , ' explained a sallow Finn .
tr	NN	Finding an explosive release in the arms of the one man who would cause enough trouble and heartache to take her mind off her bereavement .
tr	NN	If she wanted a child so much , then why did her body reject pregnancy after pregnancy ?
tr	NN	" Rachel e sealed her own fate when she left the safety of our society .
tr	NN	She opened the refrigerator , brought out a large bowl of potato salad and set it on the kitchen counter .
tr	NN	His voice held defeat .
tr	NN	" Well , if that 's the case , we 'll find justice for her if I have anything to do with it . "
tr	NNS	And those under you don 't always survive their missions .
tr	NNS	I don 't take chances .
tr	NN	She followed the lawyer out of the conference room , her heart hammering .
tr	NN	Cold snaked down her spine .
tr	NN	" Everything has a cost , Elizabeth .
tr	NN	I missed the appointment with my lord . "
tr	NN	At the ripe old age of 13 , he was questioning his faith .
tr	NNS	I consider our surroundings , trying to pick out something that looks like an anchor .
tr	NNS	" What did they tell the doctors ? "
tr	NN	The water neutralizes the fire and burning potential of the dust .
tr	NNS	We didn 't get enough supplies for the return visit , tomorrow .
tr	NNS	They ran noses to the wind , lowering their muzzles occasionally to the trail to assure themselves that they were following the priest 's scent .
tr	NNS	" How many floors are there ? "
tr	NN	" Off the internet .
tr	NNS	They tapped their goblets together .
tr	NN	Unlike you , you catty witch .
tr	NN	She did not want Ferry touching her body .
tr	NN	Allen had the reputation of a playboy .
tr	NNS	He held up the manuscript pages and said , " Have I really been this bad ? "
tr	NNS	" I don 't do drugs , not that it 's any of your business . "
tr	NNS	Most had expensive cameras draped around their necks .
tr	NNS	I saw the Montgomery twins throwing rocks at the weeds beside the gin , and I joined them .
tr	NNS	" Also , any linear representation of information ( which is the standard format for presenting it ) may miss critical connections .
tr	NNS	They have terrible methods involving magic and toxins along with a wide array of more traditional discomforts .
tr	NN	Voss swept away a handful of the vines , speaking sharply into the corner and scattering leaves and flower petals .
tr	NNS	David , you do the honors . "
tr	NN	Weaving a net of seduction in which to trap you , et cetera , et cetera .
tr	NN	Silver filigree ran down the shaft to a foot shod in pewter .
tr	NN	The Land Rover speeds up a long hill of sand dunes and blowing sea oats and brakes at the top .
tr	NNS	While they 're out there eating dessert , I sweep and mop the floors , clean out the fridge , scrub the sink .
tr	NN	A good friend of Kat 's knows a nurse who has connections with the hospital .
tr	NNS	" Potters , weavers , and others of that sort put out their wares .
tr	NN	Abby took a chunk off of her biscuit and passed it back to Max .
tr	NNS	" That sounds good Andre .
tr	NN	He let out a startled groan as white-hot pain danced across my hand .
tr	NNS	I feed my birds , too , but that 's an entirely different matter .
tr	NN	I 'll keep the Ox potential below the buffer threshold .
tr	NNS	She 'd even spent a few meals perched on his lap .
tr	NNS	Long lost lovers , together at last .
tr	NN	As she made her way over to me , I fought back the fresh onslaught of tears .
tr	NNS	" Unless Yang is around because his scent cancels out other Superiors ' scents . "
tr	NNS	In the gathering dusk Janet could just make out the figures of her two graduate students by the water 's edge .
tr	NN	His pale blue eyes were locked on her and even from across the room , she read the humor in his gaze .
tr	NNS	Gathering her up in his arms , he lifted her thighs around his waist and drove home in one deep thrust .
tr	NN	He jiggled the knob a bit while pushing and the door stayed latched .
tr	NNS	/ really hate my powers ... As he reached to scoop up his clothes , they were put on his body .
tr	NN	He returned her glare but he didn 't rise to the bait .
tr	NNS	He enjoys cards , and I play longer than I want until the clock in the hall strikes twelve long chords .
tr	NN	Mason spun the dial in the order she had dictated .
tr	NNS	Creepers transformed the black remains into a vivid green .
tr	NNS	I could have thrown daggers . "
tr	NN	He 's staked his claim repeatedly .
tr	NNS	" I am making the ... biscuits for dinner .
tr	NN	" They cut Stallings 's budget pretty hard .
tr	NNS	" I saw some chairs , a bed , a couch and some pots and pans . "
tr	NN	He issued a command , but it was almost a request .
tr	NN	Others needed a twisty corkscrew .
tr	NNS	The other three brandished their necklaces .
tr	NN	Nothing looked urgent thankfully .
tr	NN	She 'd won the argument , so now she could afford to be gracious about it .
tr	NN	Thankfully , the treatments took effect , and she slowly got better .
tr	NNS	As they were leaving Matthew made arrangements to pick Maureen up and to take her out after work .
tr	NNS	With that thought , she abandoned her efforts to write and prepared herself for supper .
tr	NNS	After I 've seen the contracts and met this Connor person . "
tr	NN	Her family had staged an intervention with her mother , a huge , life-changing moment .
tr	NNS	Clay 's feelings of abandonment triggered extremely negative reactions .
tr	NNS	And I gave him the directions there , but he wants me to go with him . "
tr	NNS	Content at being alone for the moment Kol magically skins the deer and separates the meat while starting the fire to cook .
tr	NNS	The first and only time I 'd seen him completely nude he 'd still had extras .
tr	NN	Chamberlain screamed hoarsely , his face looking very much like the hideous face of a butchered goat 's severed head .
tr	NNS	" Check the in-flight tapes . "
tr	NN	She wore a white t-shirt and blue sweatpants .
tr	NN	Mary Jo gave her a bath , fed and dressed her and took her to Kelly 's house on her way to the office .
tr	NN	It revealed a strange little chariot with a complicated mechanism of wheels under where the rider should stand .
tr	NN	Then she grabbed a towel and dropped to the floor , shoving it hard against her mouth .
tr	NN	" You 've got that gleam in your eye again . "
tr	NN	Jon put his heavy boot down hard on the brake and the transport came to a screeching halt .
tr	NN	" Nova , I know you 've been watching Landon 's video . "
tr	NNS	Closing her eyes , she took three deep breaths - it was only ten feet down - she was going to be fine .
tr	NN	And then with a final thrust , he took his own release .
tr	NN	His kiss had the most amazing calming effect on her that in no time she was asleep .
tr	NNS	" We will make some more permanent arrangements for you " .
tr	NNS	To raise awareness , they sell the ubiquitous rubber wrist bands .
tr	NN	Walking to the bathroom , I placed the dagger on the windowsill before changing into dry clothes .
tr	NN	After many conversations with Kata about this topic , she understood the psychology of it .
tr	NNS	" I know , " she sighed delicately .
tr	NN	What the fuck do they think they 're doing ?
tr	NN	Alex 's formality forces a snort out of me .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't explain my actions , not even to myself .
tr	NNS	At the far end of the structure , someone had built offices .
tr	NN	Beth motioned the mafia TED to step back as held out her wrist to the vid screen , wondering what JD had noticed .
tr	NNS	I saw no tracks in the dirt , but it was probably because I was too far away to see them .
tr	NNS	Beth recognised these terms .
tr	NN	Dorian watched the minister 's brow furrow .
tr	NN	Of course , I did ... um , so ... we can do this later , right ? "
tr	NN	" Because they didn 't follow your advice ? "
tr	NNS	They put out the candles , and left .
tr	NN	said the head waiter . '
tr	NN	I could see the farmhouse as it had been before .
tr	NN	Max took his cake and left .
tr	NN	She had the intelligence to start thinking through their situation .
tr	NNS	I missed his goodbye hugs , but I understood .
tr	NNS	But this helped immensely .
tr	NNS	It kept his senses aroused and on edge .
tr	NNS	What next , pick up the condoms in case Alethea joins them ?
tr	NN	He nibbled her earlobe .
tr	NN	She rubbed her fingertip across the raised edges of the perfect script as she made out the letters , shocked when she recognized her own initials .
tr	NN	None claimed my talisman in the previous war , and none will claim it now . "
tr	NNS	She slapped two coins onto the sticky table , a proud grin ticking the corner of her mouth .
tr	NNS	They cause the little buggers to regurgitate what 's in their stomachs and can also cause an infection .
tr	NN	They 'd rather have privacy while they visit with friends and family .
tr	NN	She didn 't risk a glimpse behind .
tr	NNS	Walking over , he grabbed both plates from the table and made his way back to the island .
tr	NNS	The enormity of the abomination stunned even his now jaded senses .
tr	NNS	You really must try and improve your powers of concentration .
tr	NN	" Isis , you saved my life , " I felt an abundance of gratitude for her .
tr	NNS	She wields two daggers in battle and shrieks in a high whiny voice .
tr	NNS	Cassie rested her palms against the cool glass , wishing for a moment that she could go to him .
tr	NNS	We 'll both wear these uniforms . "
tr	NNS	True or not , she wasn 't taking any chances with this pregnancy .
tr	NNS	Lifting onto her toes , she kept the points of her heels from connecting with the hard floor .
tr	NN	" I made a bargain with her .
tr	NNS	Kathy inspected her blue fingernails and shrugged .
tr	NNS	It took him seven attempts before he had one with no mistakes , neat handwriting and all the punctuation in the right place .
tr	NN	He looked bored and was the worst birthday party participant ever .
tr	NNS	Try the hospitals , or with friends and family outside of Richmond . "
tr	NNS	And we must develop new data ! "
tr	NNS	Both were wearing blue suits .
tr	NNS	He filled several pages with designs , until he ran out of ideas and started to sketch the house opposite .
tr	NN	He could 've had a grand mal seizure or some other serious complication .
tr	NNS	They walked out into the paddock , the bright moonlight lighting the way , the dogs tearing around , glad to be out .
tr	NN	Fallon took the umbrella from her , snapped it open and held it up to shield her from the elements while she got herself organized .
tr	NN	Thus satisfied , she descended the staircase into the gilded hellhole that was Aphrodite 's Grotto .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any other leads . "
tr	NN	Edward offered very good advice , in addition to the services of one or more of his supervisors , just to make sure the transitions went smoothly .
tr	NNS	When we were little she bought red plates especially for the birthday person .
tr	NNS	We have all sorts of details about where they 're holding Jill , just not the actual geographical location . "
tr	NNS	" Things are going wonderfully .
tr	NN	Kali and I are living proof of it .
tr	NN	They get real testy if you don 't feed them right . "
tr	NN	Would Steve still seek out that revenge now that his main nemesis C me C had been removed from the equation ?
tr	NN	A dark silhouette filled the door frame .
tr	NNS	Her tongue grazed his fangs as she quickened her strokes .
tr	NNS	He has shuttled our anchors from the upper balconies and placed them on the table in the middle of the study .
tr	NN	he finally stopped pacing and walked over to me , bringing me into his arms .
tr	NNS	She tugged the reins , forcing Demon to a halt .
tr	NNS	" Is there anyone else you have ties with ? "
tr	NNS	No way Jake had fabricated these directions .
tr	NNS	I have no illusions about my place or my role , Mrs. Henderson .
tr	NNS	You could have hired tutors . "
tr	NN	A shudder rolled down my spine , and I hastily looked away , feeling as if I deserved that look he was giving me .
tr	NN	Kimi asked the elf .
tr	NN	She heard the rasp of Bernard 's dagger being drawn from his belt .
tr	NN	But he misinterpreted the meaning , taking it to mean Jason would be evil . "
tr	NNS	This has been leading their resistance efforts . "
tr	NNS	" We work though all sorts of various agencies ; that 's not your concern .
tr	NN	She pulled the condom from his hand and gripped his length .
tr	NNS	Working slowly , they carefully removed the covers and folded them neatly for reuse .
tr	NNS	He didn 't understand my mom 's actions either , agreeing it was strange .
tr	NNS	I would live countless centuries only to feel that youth still embraced our kind .
tr	NNS	The roll-up steel door in the opening was raised up just a few inches at the bottom .
tr	NN	Charlotte didn 't need an introduction to know this was his brother .
tr	NNS	She 'd never loved her sons .
tr	NNS	I know our fathers slew their children and then slew themselves , to keep their souls pure .
tr	NN	First , the government uses its financing to create corporations .
tr	NN	At the mention of Abe 's name my muscles tense , a sinking sensation in my gut .
tr	NNS	She might wear only straight , dark business suits to work , but deep down she was the romantic type , which made her impractical .
tr	NN	I did not feel this depth of loss even when I walked away from Blake , pregnant and lost , and left for Iran .
tr	NNS	But , now , today , you should share your talents with the citizens .
tr	NNS	They took the backpacks that had grain in them and entered the closet .
tr	NNS	I saw the clouds changing . "
tr	NN	" He paid me half a crown . "
tr	NN	" Well , maybe I do need a little extra protection .
tr	NN	He forgot the encounter with the two strangers until after his mother 's death .
tr	NNS	Look at Adam and Ben , both nursing broken hearts .
tr	NN	I 'm running the film at like half speed , and I find something else .
tr	NNS	It contains several email addresses .
tr	NNS	" If I had to guess , he 's been planting seeds about our relationship for days now .
tr	NN	He heard a shout , then a splash as he crashed into water and sank into darkness .
tr	NNS	They discussed the provisions they would want for their return trip home , and preparations were made to begin securing meat and vegetables for curing .
tr	NN	I said goodnight to the guys and headed to bed .
tr	NN	You will protect this throne and me and anyone else I deem worthy . "
tr	NNS	Perhaps he should cut his losses and move on , work on making the Pick and Choose successful and forget about anything deeper with Katie .
tr	NNS	Even if the fey appear friendly , they all have ulterior motives .
tr	NN	Lenin now faced the possibility of another German invasion .
tr	NNS	And that required some drastic measures .
tr	NNS	She turned her palms upward .
tr	NN	He was losing patience .
tr	NN	We have that option . "
tr	NN	She 'd admitted her insecurity .
tr	NN	I expect a noticeable improvement in your etiquette and loyalty from this moment forth .
tr	NN	Clarence rubbed the lobe of his ear where the cigarette had just touched him .
tr	NN	The crew , other than seeing that the prisoners knew how to use their sick kits and when meals were , had no interaction with them .
tr	NNS	More than the comfort of the broth , Keeley 's tender regard brushed over his senses and soothed the incessant ache at his side .
tr	NN	Let 's make a little tower out of them .
tr	NNS	Eventually we picked up some fresh fruits , vegetables , and other edibles , and made our way back to the car .
tr	NN	She let the words flow into a second letter , this time to her parents .
tr	NNS	The envoy took no chances and spoke directly to the commander of the prison , relaying the Scarlet King 's orders .
tr	NN	One month later he asked this bird if he still needed the transformer .
tr	NN	asked the Professor indignantly .
tr	NN	Marcus grabbed a handful of Smith 's shirt .
tr	NNS	Zane leaned even closer , and Vin looked up at him , their faces just inches from each other .
tr	NN	" You performed an unauthorized reversal on a member of my Alliance ? "
tr	NN	A few minutes later I had the lantern shining brightly .
tr	NN	Military marked this special occasion , honoring the Commander and Chief of the Empire 's forces .
tr	NNS	He paid five dollars for it , and brags about the thing . "
tr	NN	Or choose duty , and curse himself ?
tr	NN	He has an inner hamster that guides him and he learned a whole lot from studying the Abraham books and recordings .
tr	NNS	# # # # # # # # We both reached the same conclusions .
tr	NN	She let out a soft , painful moan , her broken ribs clearly obstructing her breathing .
tr	NN	You have a visitor . "
tr	NN	I ran up the staircase and walked down the hallway to the room Mom occupied .
tr	NNS	Albert stuffed the pockets in both vests with ammunition clips .
tr	NNS	But you couldn 't send the ships out again right away .
tr	NNS	Noah had commitment issues .
tr	NNS	Cassie wracked her brains , trying to remember the name which had been signed at the bottom of the text message .
tr	NNS	Psyche blew across the tip , set the chalk aside , then knocked three more balls into the pockets .
tr	NNS	She smoothed the folds of her ornate robe then looked into the weary King 's face .
tr	NNS	Even though you have never permitted the full transformation to take place , you still have your werewolf senses .
tr	NNS	Julia removed the trays of food and said they would be landing in five minutes .
tr	NN	Got ta give Courtney credit ... the girl knows her shit .
tr	NN	She checked her wristwatch .
tr	NNS	The strange man and his even stranger behavior had , quite frankly , given her the creeps .
tr	NNS	" You moved some mirrors around . "
tr	NNS	He does not attend any classes ?
tr	NN	" Want a soda or something , Benjamin ? "
tr	NNS	" All demons of the First Hierarchy have no known spells of banishment .
tr	NNS	The manner in which Sara said Eve 's name spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	I 've already assigned pairs and plays for the project . "
tr	NN	May I see that gold dragon ? "
tr	NNS	They gathered the data , took the photos , recorded the voices , sent the blondes in tight jeans into the right situations .
tr	NN	And when he gives me one of his rare smiles my stomach flips and my heart pounds .
tr	NN	My wrinkled fingertips met the plastic of the cell phone .
tr	NNS	Killian did the honors , and I 'm sure he didn 't sleep through it .
tr	NN	" I know but still ... fuck . "
tr	NNS	" You have too many patients already . "
tr	NN	Or I 'll pop a figurative cap in yo ' ass . "
tr	NNS	She was reverently touching the pages of a book .
tr	NN	I 'll smear your reputation all over the city .
tr	NN	She spears her dark brand of hatred into me .
tr	NN	Hank now pulled the rope from about himself and turned to face Hawk .
tr	NN	" You found a flute , huh ?
tr	NNS	I share my troubles with you .
tr	NN	He can still feel that burning sensation on his back when his father threatened to kill and cast a fire spell on him .
tr	NN	" Last year , you gave me advice about cancer .
tr	NN	Ryan 's scent awakens my imagination , and soon daydreams about Ryan turn into real dreams .
tr	NNS	" He had nightmares .
tr	NN	" As you can see , I have an abundance of things to choose from . "
tr	NNS	They turned their eyeless sockets to Cheryl , their lurid grins mocking the grotesque rendition of the human sexual act .
tr	NN	I didn 't get my burger earlier . "
tr	NNS	" Raven , take the supplies you think you 'll need .
tr	NNS	" Some manifest powers later than others , but our stories are the same .
tr	NN	I put my hands on her head and pushed ... ... and felt hunger and a throbbing and a numbing in my left leg as I. . .
tr	NNS	He did these sorts of things and it was nothing to get alarmed about .
tr	NNS	Ava bats her little eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	Your father had all the right instincts as well , you know , and I think you 've inherited them . "
tr	NN	He swallowed his growl at her direct challenge .
tr	NN	She resisted the shocking urge to rub her cheek against his lingering fingers .
tr	NN	They had that department nailed down .
tr	NNS	" I need two dozen pink roses , please . "
tr	NNS	Already he could feel warrior instincts honed in bloody battle zones stirring to life within him .
tr	NNS	" Director , we 're receiving new data from Captain Bryant 's device . "
tr	NN	All she had to do was exert a little self-control .
tr	NNS	" OK , have two teams , a small team to set the charges and the rest to remove as much of the ordnance as we can .
tr	NN	" The Church has prior claim to what lies within this crypt . "
tr	NN	I bumped my hip into his and made us both stumble .
tr	NN	" Permit an inquiry into the purpose for your visit . "
tr	NN	Because Gideon took credit for their deaths ?
tr	NN	Too many times , she had witnessed his grief and sorrow as he buried her mother and four older sisters .
tr	NN	I have a special affinity for a period that ranges from the fourteenth to the sixteenth century . "
tr	NN	" Girl , you 'd be saving my butt . "
tr	NN	I could feel the bloodlust rising inside me as my disgust turned to anger .
tr	NNS	Miss Howe hated grey areas .
tr	NNS	Intellectually , I have my priorities in a slightly more sensible order .
tr	NNS	That night , I had no nightmares .
tr	NNS	The girl in front of me was scribbling hearts in a pink journal .
tr	NN	She slipped her footwear back on and jumped up .
tr	NN	She opened the hall closet and pulled out a pair of high boots .
tr	NNS	Her mother set down her purse so carefully it might have held explosives .
tr	NNS	I check the floors but there 's no sign of blood .
tr	NNS	They are called levers for a reason .
tr	NNS	Danny puts the drugs back in the kit , and the kit back in Elijah 's bag .
tr	NN	She felt a natural affinity for Lucy .
tr	NN	She slammed the trunk lid down .
tr	NN	The pile of green slime in front of him lost its sheen and instantly began to turn grey .
tr	NNS	Why don 't you call him over and ask him to get us two needles . "
tr	NN	" It 'll make a good prop for my pictures . "
tr	NN	I accelerated , the engine roaring to life , and I heard Liv 's laughter .
tr	NNS	He made their excuses , thanked the host and hostess and urged Summer toward their parked car .
tr	NNS	" Excuse me , gentlemen . "
tr	NNS	The stairs have lamps burning all night , sir .
tr	NNS	Most of ' em have had their jaws and teeth knocked out already .
tr	NNS	Vampires have been leaving little parasites behind lately when they bite . "
tr	NNS	The mind played funny tricks .
tr	NN	I haven 't touched a football since the day my mom died .
tr	NN	Even the pictures from when his parents had brought him as a toddler were lacking all detail in his mind .
tr	NN	" Take out your pistol . "
tr	NNS	William disappeared , I interviewed all his family members and all his friends .
tr	NNS	Now she had obligations , a mother who , despite what she said , needed her , and now a child to take care of .
tr	NN	I was taking solace in any information I could get .
tr	NNS	He had scribbled their access numbers on a sheet of notepaper , and it sat on the table next to the copier .
tr	NNS	But we 're taking donations , Mr. Money Bags . "
tr	NNS	Then you both can go kill yourselves together .
tr	NN	Then he shrugged and picked up his own fork .
tr	NNS	I didn 't have any spells on me and I couldn 't shoot any magic .
tr	NNS	Did you leave the tracks on purpose ?
tr	NNS	I 've heard tales of humans taking a gun to a run area on the full moon and just shooting indiscriminately . "
tr	NNS	She still had nightmares about Frank Collins sometimes .
tr	NN	Was that his finger tumbling over her nipple ?
tr	NNS	Good rum filled empty coffee cups .
tr	NNS	Other widows called out requests of their own : " Can somebody get the horses in before dark ?
tr	NNS	Other little items were lying around like seaweed , pebbles and moving crawfish .
tr	NNS	And what do you need all those little knives and stakes for ?
tr	NNS	Being a Greek man , he had no illusions about his sexist and possessive attitudes .
tr	NNS	Pet and Mikey traveled several additional blocks until they embarked at the station .
tr	NNS	Stepping out the door he took a few deep breaths of the dry autumn air : We 're both in the situation we want to be in .
tr	NNS	But her tears left white tracks on her cheeks as they washed the cosmetics away , and to Leo , she looked every bit her age .
tr	NN	For the second time in under a turn , he lifted the last candle and moved toward the door .
tr	NN	We just need the technology to get there .
tr	NN	On her way through the hallway to her bedroom , she did a quick mental review of the bills she 'd paid .
tr	NNS	Chapter 26 A couple of weeks later , I felt the emptiness on Ellery 's side of the bed as I rolled over .
tr	NN	" Before you do that , I have an announcement to make . "
tr	NN	I held my rifle tightly in my right hand .
tr	NNS	He took two running leaps with the men slung over his shoulders .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't risk shots distracting him .
tr	NN	Graham 's little growl made her heart flutter and then beat very fast .
tr	NNS	Reaching inside his parka , he tugged his compass from his survival vest .
tr	NN	Like reporters even have an ethical code !
tr	NN	It had an annoying smirk .
tr	NN	As I turn , I catch a glimpse of him wielding two short knives , one in each hand .
tr	NN	It would just take an adjustment .
tr	NNS	" The only thing you need to be concerned with is following my directions . "
tr	NNS	Then , studying his reflection , he scrapes the hairs off his cheeks and chin .
tr	NN	What kind of woman had a fondness for doilies and hung a serial killer 's picture on her wall ?
tr	NNS	With vision far beyond his human capacity , Simon witnessed more atrocities in the past twenty-four hours than he had in the entirety of his life .
tr	NN	You put shampoo on it and run water through it . "
tr	NN	" I will do some digging of my own for you .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , Adam was doing my Jell-O shots when I lost , because I lost a lot .
tr	NNS	I mopped the floors again .
tr	NN	Peeking out of one eye , I check the marsh to see our observer in the same spot .
tr	NN	" Give me the silent treatment .
tr	NN	Heated recollection overlapped agitation in his eyes .
tr	NN	Vinny pulled up her file on Randall Hope and began to read out loud .
tr	NNS	" We have no benefits .
tr	NN	I want to know all of this , but like Crewe said , the priority is discovering the meaning behind the microphones .
tr	NN	We entered a stretch of road bordered by trees on both sides .
tr	NNS	So men liked brains ?
tr	NN	We may find the artifact tomorrow .
tr	NN	She had no such reluctance .
tr	NN	" I 'll order pizza around that time , so you can get up and shower before we eat .
tr	NNS	Hartley gulped two huge swallows , then handed the jar back to Rodgers , who did the same .
tr	NN	On top of that , you can sell your crap on Craigslist for the coins too . "
tr	NNS	Melody surveyed her surroundings quickly .
tr	NN	His hand moved up and down her spine in a tender caress as though he had to keep touching her to know she was real .
tr	NNS	Gifford must be working miracles from heaven .
tr	NN	Then , I gathered Beast and we went to my dad 's place so that he could go with me to the lawyer .
tr	NN	" Protect the healer !
tr	NN	It definitely separated the wheat from the tares .
tr	NN	I was definitely feeling dimmer .
tr	NN	She didn 't have a very sweet tooth .
tr	NN	Nurse Watkins had wiped the ice cream off Sir Horace 's visor where Mathilda had tried to feed him .
tr	NN	She could hear his annoyance at her naiveté .
tr	NN	I was handling a jeweled hair clip , a pretty piece that I 'd long admired .
tr	NN	With her words Midnight stopped her howling and began to purr .
tr	NNS	They had both used up some serious reserves .
tr	NN	He felt a slight pang of guilt for the provision store owner he had just had to steal from .
tr	NN	Derek made an appointment for her to meet them at the offices and Jasmine 's head was practically spinning with how quickly things were moving .
tr	NNS	He 'd needed gods then .
tr	NN	Before she could reclaim her spot , though , he grabbed another condom and rolled it on .
tr	NNS	Karla felt a coldness well up from deep inside , tingling down her arms and legs .
tr	NNS	" You know , I have connections .
tr	NNS	Protect me from Jason , but most important , please heal Buddy 's body and bring him home strong and well , " she prayed fervently .
tr	NNS	" Your old war with Thorsten has not gone unnoticed , " Merrill tapped his wineglass , encouraging Griffin to drink .
tr	NN	With an election bearing down on him , the Chancellor would face popular opposition .
tr	NNS	" Keep your wits about you , boy . "
tr	NN	Everyone in the room did not share her agitation ( not that they should have ) .
tr	NN	Captain Knightly and I pursued the craft and shot it down .
tr	NN	All over his skin came the ecstatic rippling sensation .
tr	NNS	For the first time since she had been there , people walked the corridors during the day .
tr	NN	There 'll be nothin ' left o ' us ! '
tr	NN	" I appreciate the romantic gesture and everything , but let 's cross that bridge when we come to it . "
tr	NN	She pulled her small pistol from the holster around her thigh and switched it to silent mode .
tr	NN	You 've completely wasted your full potential .
tr	NNS	He still held his cards but was no longer looking at them .
tr	NN	Leonard snatched a pencil and began to scribble in the corner of a drawing of a machine for undermining city walls .
tr	NN	" You got real proof ? "
tr	NNS	They had backed up all the data twice over and didn 't leave any piece of evidence on its own .
tr	NN	I 'd collected junk jewelry , and bought chocolate coins and eye patches .
tr	NNS	And beyond the treetops , grassy plains .
tr	NNS	Chapter 23 It was an irrefutable fact that wearing a mask freed inhibitions .
tr	NN	She saved the document and then closed her laptop and scrubbed tiredly at her face .
tr	NNS	The silent tears screamed the apologies I wasn 't strong enough to deliver .
tr	NNS	He has meetings and dealings at the Vatican , with the various government departments , and all the business leaders of Rome as well .
tr	NNS	A woman approached Lucius , parted his robe , and gazed at his nakedness .
tr	NNS	She felt his hardness between her legs , pressing into her .
tr	NN	Shifting sleepily , he scratched his hip , then settled again .
tr	NNS	Yet he tests off the scales .
tr	NN	I will remove the automatic door opener .
tr	NN	Gabrielle had seen the senator lie publicly from time to time to protect his private life , but that was politics .
tr	NN	I 'll take responsibility for this , tonight , when I get back ; Dr. Heller won 't hold you accountable . "
tr	NN	That might add credibility to the entry she had found .
tr	NN	' Not quite ... you 've got an appointment at eleven thirty . ' '
tr	NNS	I walked two blocks to the west , away from the park , and found Carlito 's .
tr	NNS	Some of the clients received smaller donations , one or two thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	We don 't have any supplies -- no food or water .
tr	NNS	Then ask yourselves : what shocks you in the passing of a flower in a classroom thirty years ago ?
tr	NN	I say goodnight and head to my window , climbing in .
tr	NNS	Sharks had friendlier grins .
tr	NNS	It shouldn 't have divided families which had been cohesively behind the principle of stopping the Fuhrer in his increasingly evil tracks .
tr	NN	She gives my hands a quick squeeze that says yes before her lips ever do .
tr	NNS	As the device cleared and began to ascend up into the larger unit , his voice shattered the stillness .
tr	NNS	The spooky shadow was still there but not mirroring his movements .
tr	NNS	She stomped around collecting coins , found her keys under a lilac hedge .
tr	NNS	They returned the rags and spray bottles to Mrs. White at the counter .
tr	NN	I pulled out my ID and slapped it against the glass .
tr	NNS	She lifted the covers and looked at herself .
tr	NN	Had they actually found the stolen treasure ?
tr	NNS	Barkers shouted their wares : iron goods , glass goods , sweet fruits , bread and pastries , eggs and milk , chickens and pigs for sale .
tr	NN	You 'll need a release from a family member .
tr	NNS	It overpowered his senses , crushing his independent will .
tr	NNS	Softly , he slid heated palms up her legs until his hands rested on her hips .
tr	NNS	The walk-in closet had shelves , hooks and nooks for all of my belongings and then some .
tr	NN	Or to whoever shares this language . "
tr	NNS	She flattened her palms on his bare chest and slid her fingers up to close around his shoulders .
tr	NNS	She turned her hands palms up .
tr	NN	" Well , your dad doesn 't own the Toyota dealership . "
tr	NN	He muttered " good design " under his breath over and over .
tr	NNS	The other three withdrew blades and tried to slice at various places on Sabin 's body .
tr	NNS	And keep your suits on .
tr	NN	I hear Mom shout from the stands .
tr	NN	At Chancey 's command , the crew raised nearly all sail , and they began to gain .
tr	NN	A stiff , chilly breeze from the open window blew out the sandalwood candle next to the bed .
tr	NNS	As far as he was concerned , all the Subjects could visit each other , corrupt the data , and he didn 't care .
tr	NNS	No , people always wanted her hourglass , how her hubris had gotten her in trouble , telling the Sultan all about her personal treasures .
tr	NN	Paul lowered the bicycle and let himself sink onto the ground , breathing deeply till the faintness seemed to have passed .
tr	NNS	In response to her giving him a warning look , he raised his palms in jovial apology .
tr	NN	Braden let out a small growl of frustration .
tr	NNS	She had the same freckles on her back that he noticed on her nose the other day and he was fascinated .
tr	NN	" Do you have a passport ?
tr	NN	Like the best ballplayers , she had command of her body .
tr	NN	" We noticed your long braid and how it was fashioned .
tr	NN	The plain photo tucked into the report Madame Eve provided didn 't do her justice .
tr	NN	Mr. Sharma , joining his hands in front of his wife in submission accepted his defeat and walked out of the room .
tr	NN	Lea saw the clock on top of the TV 's furniture and saw that half an hour had passed .
tr	NN	He 'd cut a volcano .
tr	NNS	The response he received was simple - the land needs no signs or language , the land has its own markings .
tr	NNS	Half our squad had zombie scratches .
tr	NN	Their flight line incident .
tr	NNS	He strained his senses for some indication of the creature .
tr	NN	" We don 't lend credit here .
tr	NNS	She certainly didn 't have any drugs or cash or jewelry .
tr	NN	To take responsibility for what I was doing .
tr	NN	It happens every semester .
tr	NNS	One of the patients had their families with them .
tr	NN	She swallowed back the nausea burning her throat as everything started coming together .
tr	NN	Gerhard opened a drawer and took out a cardboard sheet .
tr	NNS	I noticed Jim 's sisters bidding on item after item , both raising the bids and purchasing many odd gifts they would take home .
tr	NN	We need no trial for this !
tr	NN	After another long moment , Hunter lifted the lid .
tr	NN	Just remember , Sierra , I love a good chase .
tr	NN	" You got attitude .
tr	NN	They credited a strong constitution , but Jasmine knew his recovery had more to do with the fact that he was finally at peace with himself .
tr	NN	" You didn 't come to school last semester ? "
tr	NNS	My mate has three babies back at the nest , and I 'm supposed to be out looking for seeds to feed them .
tr	NN	As prince , he still had a duty to eliminate any threat to his expanding gothic nation .
tr	NN	He addressed the division chief as he rose .
tr	NNS	" She had the hiccups after I ate that spicy crab dip , but she seems fine now . "
tr	NN	After locating Perry 's number , Quinn pressed the Call Now icon .
tr	NN	I closed the file , turned around , and saw Operative Nine sitting up on the sofa , watching me .
tr	NN	But if we tamed it , we could eliminate a whole task ! "
tr	NNS	Until then , I had some issues of my own to take care of , like telling my family about my decision .
tr	NN	" You didn 't read the memo ? "
tr	NNS	Now that we had some momentum , I cut the engines to prevent them from taking further damage .
tr	NNS	I pushed cushions aside and struggled to stand , finally scooting forward to be able to rise .
tr	NN	The hot water took the ache out of sore muscles and relaxed tense shoulders .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ?
tr	NN	As though she could see the hunter waiting for her there .
tr	NNS	" Help yourselves to whatever . "
tr	NNS	Raquel described the bands from New Orleans who are super cool !
tr	NN	She smothered the yawn she couldn 't hold back .
tr	NNS	" Did you see any buildings or any other people ? "
tr	NN	The following day I got a formal release from MGM .
tr	NNS	But she certainly knows all the tricks . '
tr	NN	" GC , " same the reply , " Vehicle had already left visual range . "
tr	NNS	She patted her jacket pockets , reassured when she felt the two bottles filled with holy water .
tr	NN	M. had taken a bulky file , stamped with the top secret red star , out of a drawer and was already immersed in it .
tr	NNS	She pointed out other buildings as we passed them .
tr	NNS	The young vampire Sebastian had seen her torturing in the dream had beheaded her sisters .
tr	NN	She was wearing an apron and used a dishtowel to wipe off a wooden spoon while she spoke with them .
tr	NN	Lael had no brand which meant they had no identity , no one to belong to .
tr	NNS	State follows its citizens around , looking for violations . "
tr	NN	I checked the caller ID , then picked up hesitantly .
tr	NN	" You like fish , Ms. Hart ? "
tr	NN	He had leverage and strength .
tr	NN	A large , rolling green lawn and imitation gas lamps lining the driveway gave the home a storybook quality .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't believe her surroundings .
tr	NNS	Maybe he didn 't get apologies very often .
tr	NN	Larry used the rag to wipe the blood off her skin around his rolled up shirt .
tr	NN	Out of breath , he reaches the rooftop before the rest of his crew and looks up at the spectacle in the sky .
tr	NN	But then , she had possession of its mouth , as well .
tr	NNS	I never understood the motivations of vapors .
tr	NN	His grim determination overwhelms my nausea , and we move forward .
tr	NNS	" She will carry to my people many discoveries of great importance .
tr	NN	Lucas can control the blood hunger .
tr	NNS	" Damn those mines . "
tr	NNS	Danny grabbed a few pairs of socks for Joseph , handing them over to him .
tr	NN	Gabe released the emergency brake .
tr	NN	He could eat a whole biscuit tin of them in one go and often did .
tr	NNS	The flames licked up the waters , turning the living creatures into ashes and smoke .
tr	NNS	The singsong melody of her Dakota accent still strummed his raw senses .
tr	NN	She did all the heavy lifting and was always handy to have in a fight .
tr	NNS	So what classes are you taking ? "
tr	NN	I felt the rage bubble inside me and I tried to calm it .
tr	NN	And in my head , I 'm already composing the email that I 'll send to Becca about this experience .
tr	NNS	Lilly has connections you do not .
tr	NNS	From here he could see the bare shelves .
tr	NN	She quickly engaged the other laser who made quick work of the rest of the debris and bad cell that resulted from this destruction .
tr	NNS	He hurriedly collected the items from the bedroom and returned to Callie .
tr	NN	" Nobody has that much faith .
tr	NN	I can almost feel the ache and fatigue in his words , so different from the determined cheerfulness of his other letters .
tr	NN	Albert picked up the wheelbarrow and trundled it in the direction of the garden .
tr	NN	To expose a gaping void .
tr	NN	In my haste , I almost dropped the candle as I made my way to Starlight 's stall .
tr	NN	She appreciated the advice but felt he didn 't understand the emotional difficulties she was facing .
tr	NNS	They quickly went about their duties and made sure all the loose items in the wagons , were tied down and all was made ready .
tr	NN	Walking into the store , they each grabbed a cart .
tr	NN	Josie missed the meaning of Jimmy 's statement .
tr	NN	I saw a mop of dark hair , and between it and the sleeping bag edge , dark eyes peeked out .
tr	NN	I had the urge to walk over to him , but couldn 't make myself move .
tr	NN	It shattered over my knuckles , but caused no real damage .
tr	NN	Noah didn 't stop his advance , not until he was right in front of her .
tr	NNS	When he reached a point where neither end of the bridge was visible , an odd sound set the hairs of his neck to dancing .
tr	NNS	I wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	But then I grip the knob and turn it .
tr	NN	The messiah capped the vial and returned it to this bag .
tr	NN	I ignored the immortal and stared at Reid .
tr	NN	Sally had a sudden urge to slap every one of them .
tr	NN	" Before I turn to the new incident room approach , I want an update on this Grimes fugitive .
tr	NNS	Now these employees were twiddling their thumbs while Linc paid their wages from his dwindling reserves .
tr	NN	For his plan to work , they needed traffic .
tr	NN	We could get an excellent grade without a doubt .
tr	NNS	Every single one of them bared bloody fangs and gripped bloodier weapons .
tr	NN	Before that thought could go very far , the soldier brought the battering ram to the door , causing it to crack , but not break .
tr	NNS	She will have satisfied all terms of it after today .
tr	NN	And then , finally , they were saying goodnight to Billy and were back in Smith 's car .
tr	NN	His tongue found and circled one nipple while his hand found the other .
tr	NNS	I love your tits like this . "
tr	NN	I nervously and excitedly go downstairs and tell my mom I 'm having ice cream with a friend .
tr	NN	So she sends me a short video she 's taken on her mobile .
tr	NNS	He asked the abyss , eager to return the pain .
tr	NNS	We must in the meantime keep any new arrivals away from sensitive areas and personnel until we 're sure of them . '
tr	NNS	The pilot shut down the engines and stepped into the main cargo bay .
tr	NN	" We currently have the equipment we need for the Guard forces , but I must emphasize the word ' currently . '
tr	NNS	The smell of the kennel was making her nauseous .
tr	NN	I can give you a full sampling of the menu if you like .
tr	NNS	He did not notice the perfectly polished marble floors and the gold ornamentation around him .
tr	NNS	His eyes move up to mine , dark pools that are now flickering and flaming , and I couldn 't move even if I wanted to .
tr	NNS	As they entered the kitchenette Ryland nonchalantly lit the candles and set them up on the counters to give himself light .
tr	NN	" Nothing has stopped the bleeding .
tr	NNS	" That 's one question for you , " Taylor said slyly .
tr	NN	I have absolute faith in you . "
tr	NNS	I redoubled my efforts to tune her out and focus on the quiz .
tr	NNS	" I saw the marks on your abdomen , Ainsley .
tr	NNS	Something that gave her butterflies in her stomach .
tr	NN	She eyed the man 's muscled frame and the strong arms that held his sword .
tr	NN	He chose the latter because he felt that a mouth and nose mask , which would require a more complex fixing device , would complicate my task .
tr	NNS	I already made arrangements to have a rental car waiting for me at the airport .
tr	NNS	He closed the mere inches between us , pressing his voluptuous lips against mine in a warm and lingering kiss .
tr	NN	" Richmond wanted a manuscript from Browning , but he couldn 't get it together . "
tr	NNS	So 's , I be getting some tough maids to help ya around the ranch .
tr	NN	Missing treasure right here under your nose in Boston .
tr	NN	We could hear splashing out back as if there was a pool .
tr	NN	Turning over , she checked the clock .
tr	NN	You open your email and bam ; your hard drive is wiped clean . "
tr	NNS	Even the possibility made her nauseous .
tr	NN	" Inside the temple ? "
tr	NNS	Jake pulled three coffee cups out of the cupboard .
tr	NN	I didn 't see fate lining up for me like that again .
tr	NN	" The stuff we 've done so far has involved all this expensive equipment - the bikes , the kayaks , the fishing gear . "
tr	NN	Maple trees lined the landscape , their leaves fluttering in the late morning breeze .
tr	NNS	I scooted backwards , not understanding either .
tr	NN	" Could I have a feather pillow ? "
tr	NN	Victoria gets out the cockpit and walks for a hundred meters through a meadow and up to the brink of a precipice .
tr	NNS	I have visions of battles in dreams .
tr	NNS	The waitress masterfully took the three wide dishes simultaneously and disappeared behind the door .
tr	NNS	I swung blindly and felt my blade connect .
tr	NNS	A band of pain constricted her ribs .
tr	NNS	Mike Goddard pulled off his covers and rolled out of bed .
tr	NNS	Through the gates , Liam could see the innards of the Fringe looked like a western town , with wooden buildings lining green , grassy streets .
tr	NNS	" We really appreciate donations .
tr	NNS	" So , they use all sorts of dirty tricks . "
tr	NNS	Berry wore grey slacks with a striped shirt and tie , his gut hanging over the thin black belt at his waist .
tr	NNS	' We also found the alpha and omega designs that make up your birthmark in the scriptures from the cave in Egypt . '
tr	NN	I swallow the guilty lump in my throat .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness ! "
tr	NN	Kick butt and take names , apparently .
tr	NNS	Continuing on foot for about half an hour , they heard cattle lowing .
tr	NN	" So I will leave the craft and wait for you to come out twenty minutes later , yeah ? "
tr	NNS	These opportunities have attracted the most important corporations in the Solar System , as well as small firms and private investors .
tr	NN	The light grew dimmer with each step until there was only a glow from the moss that lined the tunnel .
tr	NN	Dominic used a rare Carpathian command .
tr	NNS	CHAPTER FOURTEEN Damien Damien smelled the three wolves in his pack before they emerged from the forest .
tr	NN	Tapestry felt no joy , but neither did she feel sympathy .
tr	NNS	I mirror her actions .
tr	NN	For the first time he learned the meaning of true fear .
tr	NNS	His cock was engorged , thick and long , his balls smooth and tight .
tr	NNS	The Ancients took away my Druid powers , but they couldn 't touch those of my black magic . "
tr	NN	He tongued her cl * t with rapid flicks .
tr	NN	" I didn 't think fish lived that long . "
tr	NNS	I could barely see his movements and I doubted the lady did .
tr	NNS	So Rafe took the canisters from the hold , melted down the silver dust , and put it into circulation .
tr	NN	" Yelling at her is probably not being helpful " said a large nurse as she shoved Griffin out of the way .
tr	NNS	Serena brings her scales forward , letting them crawl down her arms and cover her knuckles .
tr	NNS	Tina was turning off the monitors , one after another , when she suddenly stopped .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to sneer .
tr	NN	Then she threw her offering basket against the wall and sank down like she is now . "
tr	NNS	He 's tripling the forest patrols , day and night .
tr	NN	Mad Dog would leave this wonderful little farm and hit the road for some smoke-filled hellhole in the bad part of town .
tr	NNS	Seeing lovers beside her bed .
tr	NN	He asks the nurse , " Who is Stephanie Johnson ? "
tr	NNS	He then commandeered the ships and used them to safely guide his helicopter back to base .
tr	NNS	The man has incredible instincts .
tr	NNS	Certainly he can take anger management classes , meditation classes , and do other things to help him fight the rising tide .
tr	NNS	" But I have conditions . "
tr	NN	Asked the late Prince , " how did you know I was in the Master 's keeping and not some valiant , but indifferent creature ? "
tr	NNS	His eyes followed her movements to those pink lips .
tr	NN	He rubbed his beard and shook his head .
tr	NN	I remembered the way he stood behind me , so close I felt electricity .
tr	NNS	Drivers immediately started their engines , as their vehicle commanders made their way toward Flaherty 's command DEMON .
tr	NN	" You know the drill , Jap .
tr	NN	She looked up into his eyes , and it was then she realized the full extent of his curse .
tr	NN	He risked a quick peek at his watch .
tr	NN	He had the quiet and inauspicious manner of a career clerk .
tr	NN	" First , we have little celebration .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to watch her glide toward the restroom .
tr	NNS	" I ´ m short a million , you owe me a million dollars , the million you transferred out of my Bellagio account . "
tr	NN	He closed the file and shoved it away .
tr	NN	She stated the misfortune as fact rather than simply complaining .
tr	NNS	Had Lucifer blocked her visions ?
tr	NNS	" I also want two jerry cans of fuel . "
tr	NN	Then I walked a quarter of a mile or so along the Ridgeway , carefully examining the wall on my right .
tr	NNS	She 'd watched enough mouths to know that .
tr	NNS	You call the shots . "
tr	NNS	" I washed the dishes , go and look !
tr	NN	It had a close , intimate quality .
tr	NNS	Linden held all the cards , had all the facts .
tr	NN	We 've got a sitter lined up . "
tr	NNS	But he wasn 't giving her any breaks .
tr	NNS	All attorneys , except for the contract attorneys , had offices along the exterior walls of the building ; each office had at least one window .
tr	NNS	One kick lands on my head , and pain begins to radiate down my spine .
tr	NNS	Alanna chanted more spells , and Niall watched runes appear and disappear as he formed the tang , made the hilt , and ground the blade .
tr	NN	" From my granddad . "
tr	NN	Eliminate the prime suspect in the murder investigation .
tr	NNS	" I 'll do my best not to get into any fights , " she says , backing away , a little breathless from the kiss .
tr	NNS	Still , she didn 't move nearer again .
tr	NN	With her morning tea , she knit another row of the prayer shawl .
tr	NN	Her spirits sagged , the ache and pull inside her twisted toward pain .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any candles to spare . "
tr	NNS	He shoved the shears back into his jeans .
tr	NN	She could see his flashlight arcing through the darkness as he circled the house .
tr	NN	" Our shared destiny .
tr	NNS	I wandered the empty halls by candlelight .
tr	NN	Caught a rail company engineer poking around up there .
tr	NNS	Overhead , the wind chased the clouds across the darkening sky .
tr	NNS	She pulled out the envelopes and her fingers trembled .
tr	NNS	Though I might add some of those to my own palace as well , keep out meddling gods . "
tr	NNS	James tucked the covers under Isaac 's chin and kissed his soft cheek .
tr	NNS	He paid little heed to the spunky hunter beside me .
tr	NN	But I like your style , To come here cracking jokes .
tr	NNS	That name had been haunting my nightmares since the guards had spit it at me at the last feeding session , almost a week ago .
tr	NNS	Once again , I was left breathless , leaning against him for support .
tr	NNS	Trajan was reading reports on his cell regarding Pack business in Dallas .
tr	NN	One was called A Case For Authenticity , by Fr .
tr	NN	She tucked a strand of hair behind one ear in a self-conscious movement .
tr	NNS	Dad rattles peanuts in his fist like a pair of dice .
tr	NNS	Bracing himself , Hal took three , deep breaths .
tr	NNS	She scooped the two bowls of greens from the refrigerator , peeled back the plastic wrap and sprinkled each with croutons and Parmesan cheese .
tr	NNS	" He didn 't turn his dogs on - " " No !
tr	NN	" Hey , Roe , " she 'd said , her flat Florida drawl instantly recognizable .
tr	NNS	Barnabas laughed with a perverted sickness , " Oh , after all of these years , your mother hasn 't explained the arrangements of our deal ? "
tr	NNS	" Okay , first of all , you have trust issues .
tr	NN	Head nurse of the child care unit .
tr	NN	" And you 've got a real talent there , too , with this whole picture-taking , um , art thing going . "
tr	NNS	I heard other noises .
tr	NNS	He gave his back a few manly pats .
tr	NN	Alec opened the backpack he 'd set on the other bed and pulled out a bottle of body wash .
tr	NN	" I saw where the ball landed , honey .
tr	NN	The short Regulator views the monitor .
tr	NNS	You have enough expectations already . "
tr	NNS	Jack worked his pedals and joystick to glide them along the seabed , riding over teeming reefs and across stretches of open sand .
tr	NN	I sip the cocoa , shaking my head at the racetrack .
tr	NN	The pictures online didn 't do it justice .
tr	NN	" I see the airport !
tr	NNS	Certainly she can understand the dangers .
tr	NN	Glamour and the most tedious grooming couldn 't hold a candle to the confident air that surrounded him .
tr	NN	Then flipped open their dive brake to allow them greater accuracy for their incendiary bombs and cannon shells .
tr	NNS	The other is covering simple tyre tracks and is only for forensics .
tr	NN	He started pacing , then stopped and glared at Lori .
tr	NNS	He handled claims and so on , but I did all the prep work .
tr	NN	Brand was holding a clump of stone .
tr	NN	We 're just betting the farm that there 's room at the inn . "
tr	NN	Brett grabbed the shovel from the truck bed and they walked to the tall oak tree .
tr	NNS	Gwen , you read auras for a living .
tr	NNS	Among six of them , in both hands , they carried knives , pitchforks , and shovels .
tr	NNS	The tall blond werewolf nodded curtly and marched away , his thumb already punching numbers on his cell phone .
tr	NNS	Then his hot hands outright groped my breasts and I kissed him harder , burying him in the bed .
tr	NN	Here , under the clouded sky , surrounded by molting trees , she felt a prick of that innocent perfection .
tr	NNS	" Those men , the ones who hunt me , had photographs of some of their victims murdered around seven years ago .
tr	NNS	" He should have kept tabs on Rendezvous . "
tr	NN	Celaena studied the black wagon , swiftly braiding her hair back .
tr	NNS	The smell of damp rock filled their noses .
tr	NNS	" Have you heard any strange noises ? "
tr	NN	I saw an article on the Internet about a couple who reconnected after thirty years apart . "
tr	NNS	Theo was still shouting obscenities at me as I tried to formulate a plan .
tr	NN	I run a refrigerator and a ham radio from here .
tr	NNS	' I once hunted mountain deer in a special way .
tr	NN	Eve put the backpack on top of the dresser .
tr	NN	At that moment a taxi from behind blasted his horn .
tr	NNS	All of them had left their job stations to rally against the threat of fire .
tr	NN	Letting out an ear piercing yell .
tr	NNS	" Get your references right .
tr	NN	She dropped the kid hero and clutched her right eye .
tr	NN	Fastening the button , I felt a small pinch in my back .
tr	NNS	" Hans , I believe a union between our families would solidify our positions , and that of our children with the rest of the Council . "
tr	NN	So , I attempted the climb up there and discovered that it was truly beautiful .
tr	NN	Surely , if she was embedded that deeply , she 'd have felt the dead thing rotting away inside of Iain .
tr	NN	So has her employer .
tr	NN	It will make that outfit . "
tr	NN	Then she spotted the bird , a peregrine falcon perched on her windowsill .
tr	NNS	You can 't leave any remains . "
tr	NN	I fight the urge to plug my nose .
tr	NNS	" So you basically steal their data and then sell it back to them ? "
tr	NNS	However , she never considered her special abilities as the work of the devil .
tr	NN	Sean raised his boot to kick him when Killian appeared out of nowhere .
tr	NN	Kate scraped a handful of mud from her jacket and threw it at Adam .
tr	NNS	I could see the deer through the rifle , the crosshairs of the barrel wavering with every breath I took .
tr	NN	" Maybe we can have a couple 's massage .
tr	NN	Pete Turner had a farm south of Kerner , back towards Turnout Pond .
tr	NNS	" My clients . "
tr	NNS	I needed some ingredients . "
tr	NNS	Working as a reporter from the time you 're fifteen has its benefits ; I can quote entire conversations verbatim should the need arise .
tr	NNS	" I 'll be taking the sandwiches now , Peter . "
tr	NN	But a drive through the winding roads and cul-de-sacs would produce no encounter of the jogging woman who possessed the legs of a goddess .
tr	NN	He fought back the rising tide within him .
tr	NN	Why he " d left the pub with another woman ?
tr	NNS	" I can have the leaders of my enemies killed .
tr	NNS	" You don 't have any doubts ? "
tr	NNS	Stacy didn 't own any designer labels .
tr	NN	" We 'll have a double celebration . "
tr	NNS	She puts her palms up and backs away .
tr	NN	The sympathy and regret in her brother 's face expanded the ache in her chest .
tr	NNS	I quickly counted and organized the pages in the file to make sure they were all still there .
tr	NN	Things that you plan to take advantage of , I thought , things you 'll sell the damn software for .
tr	NN	Starr dragged the bread basket over from the middle of the table , the pregnant woman 's appetite apparently insatiable .
tr	NN	Her clear , sky-blue eyes flashed her annoyance .
tr	NN	Still , others doubted his sincerity .
tr	NNS	The blast sends obliterated bits of stone into the air , but more importantly , the meager amount of water pooled at the base .
tr	NNS	" He was paid fifty thousand dollars to attack your husband . "
tr	NNS	" I saw your journals today .
tr	NNS	Al down the hal , between the doors , hung large photographs .
tr	NN	An oversized black t-shirt swallowed her thin frame .
tr	NNS	They will be pulling up their chairs and fiddling with their papers .
tr	NN	" The ship 's flight path recorder shows our location when we encountered the object .
tr	NN	" Special exception . "
tr	NNS	Jane packed some sandwiches and organized the hospital mini-bus to take them .
tr	NNS	Moose put down the utensils and turned to me , his eyes wary and defiant .
tr	NNS	And if you finish before I get back , just check the aisles and straighten things .
tr	NNS	It warmed our hearts too , and we stayed in bed , wrapped around each other , listening to the people outside .
tr	NN	It 's like sticking a fork into a toaster just to see what happens .
tr	NNS	He checked the coals and said they still had a ways to go .
tr	NN	The sellers would consider a reduced bid . "
tr	NN	" Sir , may I beg a favor of you ?
tr	NNS	The only problem was , I could only fix the issues once they leaked in .
tr	NN	Savannah asked the server at the diner .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't see any work crews , but it was possible the sounds were coming from the neighbor .
tr	NN	When you ducked away from the ﬁelds this morning , you could have earned a whipping for the men around you . "
tr	NNS	Locals wanted the outsiders to return to the other side of the Mackinaw Island Bridge and return to their caves .
tr	NNS	Scouting the high edges of the cavern , they found the mouths of several tunnels amid the thicket of stony formations , but no telltale poncho threads .
tr	NN	Before long they grew hotter , wetter , more demanding .
tr	NN	But looking at him , with his face illuminated by firelight , she couldn 't see any resemblance to his father .
tr	NN	You got a warrant for my arrest ? "
tr	NN	Boko knew what had appealed to Warden about that kind of life , the power plays , the potential for destruction .
tr	NN	' Can I have another magazine ? '
tr	NN	A pit of charred earth marked his previous location .
tr	NN	" We won the state championship my senior year . "
tr	NNS	Only a few hours before he had held her breasts in his hands and pushed them up to his avid mouth .
tr	NN	" You will complete the claim .
tr	NNS	Weed out the criminals and the sick without the risk of becoming infected themselves and spreading the virus further .
tr	NN	I felt a little gleeful knowing she wasn 't going to get it .
tr	NNS	I placed my palms down on the table and looked right at her .
tr	NNS	Shea and Sophie have excellent tastes in clothing .
tr	NNS	He did not hear the twins come to bed , nor much later , Basalt slip into the bed next to his .
tr	NN	They certainly do not bother operating under a smoke screen .
tr	NN	Locke made the introduction , but the things she didn 't say numbered in the dozens .
tr	NNS	Would his friends continue their clandestine meetings ?
tr	NN	" Not an aspiring actress ? "
tr	NNS	He clasped his palms together and stared at me like he had at the car earlier ; he gazed right through me .
tr	NN	Nicolae spared a quick glare for his brother .
tr	NN	We had the latter .
tr	NN	I rested my pen for a moment and gazed at the wall , trying to remember if there was ever a time when I was like him .
tr	NN	" I broke my hip . "
tr	NN	So back in the Middle Ages , the church bells didn 't just call the faithful to prayer .
tr	NN	Glancing up at me with confusion in his eyes , he sets his fork down and without arguing he rises from his chair .
tr	NN	I used a sophisticated method to remove sections of plastic ( hammer ) , then carefully removed the solid foam insulation ( hammer again ) .
tr	NN	Then he vanished the camisole , and there was nothing between his hands and her skin .
tr	NNS	He saw blues , purples , and yellows and once the most amazing shade of green .
tr	NNS	Over the explosive charge he tied two mats of rubber .
tr	NNS	She stepped several paces to the closest corner , away from the bustling comers and goers .
tr	NN	He moved down the row to give a pregnant woman an injection .
tr	NN	I just didn 't have the patience for all of that .
tr	NNS	Much like the grooves left in the earth by her three-inch heels , her growing dread left ruts in her courage .
tr	NN	In that very moment , he had lost respect for his master .
tr	NN	" I 'm following my quest .
tr	NNS	He 'd scored twenty-eight points two nights before in leading their team to victory over a national rival .
tr	NN	" I will put my faith into that belief . "
tr	NN	Markman held out his ID above the Vette roof and the officer nodded and allowed them to park .
tr	NNS	Slowly , she took bites of each delicious fruit and preserved meats on the tray .
tr	NN	His voice had a noticeable rasp .
tr	NN	" I knew my fate .
tr	NNS	Sheila smiled and started up the engines .
tr	NN	" Well , at least you 're using protection . "
tr	NN	The conviction and protectiveness in his tone made my heart flutter .
tr	NN	Instead of answering , Adrienne lifted the lid of the stationery box .
tr	NN	" Like the rooster crowing in the morning ? "
tr	NN	Laughing , she gave them each a squeeze and told them that was pretty sneaky .
tr	NN	The old man tossed the advertisement onto a worktable and opened his gnarled hands .
tr	NN	I could see a country music festival doing well . "
tr	NNS	Nate , Trevor , and Lindy walked their bikes so that Pigeon and Summer could keep pace .
tr	NN	" Fire department on the way .
tr	NNS	He makes frequent sightseeing trips there , bringing back only what he needs at any given time .
tr	NN	He preferred his smiling , funny , Callie to this angry , aggravated woman .
tr	NN	She adjusted her backpack , lifted her other leg and then ran away from the scene as fast as her legs could carry her .
tr	NN	Setting the brush aside , Elena picked up the veil and set it in place .
tr	NNS	For his effort , he would get a cool ten thousand dollars .
tr	NN	But , he did not have a map maker .
tr	NNS	My wolf snapped her jaws .
tr	NNS	Many of the angels even developed incredible abilities just like Dr. Cook predicated , including flight .
tr	NN	Every faction which had dedicated itself to the fight against Ancients , had the same design .
tr	NNS	I don 't care what they think about me if they trust Moses , it improves their chances of survival . "
tr	NN	Wil and Betty liked the bustle of Seoul and its unique food and again , smiling faces .
tr	NN	Jack rolled off the pavement , and ran for the barricade , still wary of his shield 's power .
tr	NN	I sent the updated manuscript to another publisher , and a literary agent , and received two more rejections .
tr	NN	The music from the saloon played a lively tune , as men laughed and talked .
tr	NNS	He gathered his wits making his way down the stairs , and listened to the faint sounds of the house waking up .
tr	NNS	David Wise had been delivering babies for more than twenty years , and his calm reassurance had gone a long way toward relieving James 's fears .
tr	NN	Rose slid a slice of pizza onto a napkin .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down Nick 's spine .
tr	NNS	Dax stares at me for a moment .
tr	NNS	Inside the bedroom , he pulled back the covers on the bed and put Billie under them .
tr	NNS	She revealed her powers only to me and I was sworn to secrecy .
tr	NNS	Hormones and sex appeal suck balls .
tr	NNS	I might even have some scones , if you are lucky .
tr	NN	Their roasting gave off a wonderful aroma .
tr	NNS	He made quiet noises telling him to stop .
tr	NNS	All around the world people are finding out they are having babies , yet they do not appreciate what a miracle it is .
tr	NN	A guy who radiated mystery , left a strong impression on both Marcie and me , and had vanished without a trace .
tr	NN	He honked his horn .
tr	NNS	A few shuffled greasy cards for games of solitaire .
tr	NN	I let Jude 's pleading voice fade into the background with Jamie 's , with the sirens , with everything else .
tr	NNS	She 'd never questioned Travis 's claims about hearing Gabby 's voice , or if she did , her tone reflected no concerns about it .
tr	NN	You 've killed my lord .
tr	NNS	I have two pressure vessels : The rover and the trailer .
tr	NNS	Rain pelted the travelers with the dying wind .
tr	NNS	We fought off all those snakes ? "
tr	NNS	Having your wineglass on the right ?
tr	NNS	" Get more houses between us and them , plus distance . "
tr	NNS	I don 't tell lies , ' mumbled Tiffany , but no one was listening .
tr	NN	Ty swirled the liquid in his glass .
tr	NN	Fortunately , they had a supply of gasoline from the pickup .
tr	NN	Iona twisted the towel in her hands .
tr	NNS	Magic rings that would let the wearer control the elements ?
tr	NN	A tiny chill inched down her spine .
tr	NN	He took a deep breath , preparing himself for acute disappointment in case he had gotten the wrong impression about her last night .
tr	NNS	It yanked him , then , several paces ; he saw the cavity loom .
tr	NN	Mikhail had caught a brief glimpse of her confused thoughts , the swirl of alarmed emotions .
tr	NN	The UN has been given the task of organizing our planet 's response to the alien incursion and we 're sending staff to represent our government .
tr	NN	" Sure , " he said dully , the color leaving his face .
tr	NNS	The shower did her wonders .
tr	NN	In fact , as I write this , I am also teaching my new language to an illiterate South African tribe .
tr	NNS	He used my knives with calm , dead proficiency , and he killed .
tr	NNS	You send white roses for a funeral .
tr	NNS	You could almost see the circuits sparking behind her eyeballs as she scanned me : Target acquired .
tr	NN	A tickling sensation rippled down her spine as vulnerability washed over her .
tr	NN	Jeremy climbed the mast and called down , " The harbor catapult has been burned . "
tr	NNS	" She squeezed the seeds right out , with her hand !
tr	NNS	Grant didn 't take any chances ; he made her wait in the next room while he made the call .
tr	NN	She put the nit shampoo down and took the folded paper and opened it .
tr	NNS	Immediately she felt dizzy , and when she wobbled just a bit , Jake stood and moved to help her .
tr	NN	She felt his blue ice eyes drill into her .
tr	NNS	All his nieces and nephews wanted hugs and to tell him about what had been going on at school or dance classes or soccer practice .
tr	NNS	Screw robbing my victims .
tr	NN	Grace 's eyes followed the gesture , and she froze .
tr	NN	" How do you kill a god ? "
tr	NNS	He gives me the creeps .
tr	NN	The dimly lit theater hadn 't done the guy enough justice .
tr	NNS	We 've promised other pack leaders to report our findings . "
tr	NN	He was still wearing his cop uniform ; that is , the long-sleeved shirt and boring slacks .
tr	NN	As I did , I heard a muffled growl .
tr	NN	He pulled his napkin down and laid it on his lap .
tr	NN	One by one , they undid each Preserve Pot lid .
tr	NN	But what he saw twisted a knot in his belly .
tr	NN	End the bloodshed . "
tr	NN	Occasionally she would take a damp cloth and wipe the beads of sweat that were presently forming on her mistress 's brow .
tr	NN	He had the measure of her pace and was able to back off just enough for her to keep up .
tr	NNS	You could easily exchange the surroundings for a library and he would fit right in .
tr	NN	Perhaps I should do an intervention . "
tr	NN	" I can make up a brew that will delay it .
tr	NNS	Matthew pulled his wits together enough to double check the egg .
tr	NN	When he finally stood back up , my hands instantly found his hard cock .
tr	NN	He had a flawless male physique .
tr	NN	Also , he has protection with him .
tr	NN	Her grandparents had loved each other madly , only parting for death .
tr	NN	Murdoch barely suppressed a groan and was surprised that no one noticed the hectic drum of his heart .
tr	NN	He 's twirling that stupid cheapo crown on his finger and gazing around the gym .
tr	NNS	" Because up until now , I 've had my doubts . "
tr	NN	You have ripped the lid off the powder keg .
tr	NN	Liz hid her smirk when the maid turned red at Tara 's words .
tr	NN	She gave the advice as we reached the lobby .
tr	NN	With an argument like that , you 'd make an excellent trial lawyer . "
tr	NNS	As you know , you have special powers , which could have only come from the goddess Carman .
tr	NNS	Thousands wouldn 't get the right conditions , but that wouldn 't matter , because there would be thousands .
tr	NN	" Has the jury reached a verdict ? "
tr	NN	He just couldn 't track the little paper bullies long enough to get off a decent shot .
tr	NN	He caught up a big branch all on fire at one end ; and Bert got that end in his eye before he could step aside .
tr	NNS	I have ridiculously high expectations for the show , and everyone has to meet them , and that includes the understudy for the leading role . "
tr	NNS	In any case , you have no further supplies of explosive . "
tr	NNS	Fortunately , she hadn 't requested references .
tr	NN	Dean had a subtle , uneasy inflection in his voice .
tr	NN	Oh my god how did she get in a reborn rage so fast ?
tr	NNS	Where his presence had been she could feel emptiness .
tr	NN	If we can get it to float on the water without breaking the surface tension ... " His dad gently slid the needle into the water .
tr	NNS	" Don 't worry , I 've disabled the security cameras .
tr	NNS	I 'm twiddling my thumbs .
tr	NN	Noah and Mariposa formed a pact .
tr	NN	Shea could feel Jacques ' swift denial of the possibility of such a thing .
tr	NN	She barely resisted the urge to try to cover herself with both hands .
tr	NN	" They don 't even know the meaning of the word ! "
tr	NN	The notion brought a lump of pure fear to his throat .
tr	NN	Lily couldn 't force a protest .
tr	NN	He placed the briefcase on the table , and pulled off his gloves as the woman looked on .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens it was my first set . "
tr	NN	Across the creek , the road heads up the far hill of the valley .
tr	NN	With his shaved head , his broad frame and the tattoo on the back of his skull , he fit the persona .
tr	NNS	Some of the gang had made jokes about what they called Ricky 's final performance .
tr	NNS	It had all that data on it . "
tr	NN	" Ragnar saw the black flag from afar and jumped into the sea , swimming with mighty strokes to beat the ship to shore .
tr	NN	I growled and threw an invisible rope around him , jerking him forward .
tr	NN	A chill ran up his spine .
tr	NN	Nicole offered Other Brick a stroke of his arm in comfort .
tr	NNS	" We 've always loved old houses .
tr	NNS	He gathered supplies quickly .
tr	NNS	But he could only hold his desires back for so long .
tr	NNS	She often found clients online , and using an anonymous service avoided being arrested for solicitation .
tr	NN	He was still holding the shoe .
tr	NNS	Unlike many others of his kind , he had investments and property .
tr	NN	She felt a burning sensation in her right arm and realized dimly that he wasn 't giving up , wasn 't afraid of whoever drove the car .
tr	NNS	We were discussing the twins , and she heard everything . "
tr	NN	I barely remember the last Gathering .
tr	NN	Charlotte passed him the butter , which he took gratefully until Olivia placed a hand on his forearm .
tr	NNS	Realizing how close to him she was , Chloe raised her eyelashes slowly , looking into Jackson 's eyes .
tr	NN	I patted her shoulder encouragingly and stacked the dishes in the dishwasher .
tr	NN	Bringing my hands to my mouth , I tried my very hardest to stop the laughter .
tr	NNS	You know the stillness , and the smell of dust , when you go in a home that has been empty for a while ?
tr	NN	He could have talked the devil into attending church .
tr	NNS	" I left off the olives .
tr	NN	A chill went down her spine at those words .
tr	NN	How it fortifies my faith in Christ when I see the result of His divine blessing on you .
tr	NNS	Palaeontology and archaeology and other skulduggery were not subjects that interested wizards .
tr	NN	He has a pistol in his lap and is wearing brown and black military fatigues .
tr	NNS	" I clean houses . "
tr	NN	She tilted her chin determinedly .
tr	NN	Which reminds me , I owe you a video . "
tr	NN	" How do you like riding ? "
tr	NN	A foot-long gap sliced the asphalt next to me .
tr	NN	I could feel the atmosphere tense as I watched the look of horror on Sofia 's face .
tr	NNS	He would purchase enough drugs to last him and Lynn until his next trip to Los Angeles .
tr	NNS	" Here 's a lesson for you , Minister , from one professional to another : cover your tracks .
tr	NN	From the midden he plucked a Cross pen he 'd thought long lost , an earring , a fork coated in urine .
tr	NN	" Did you find your hidden scroll ? "
tr	NN	' What if I can 't find a buyer for Mrs Granger 's house ?
tr	NN	I grabbed a rag and held it on the wound .
tr	NNS	Plus , she loved the clouds .
tr	NN	He remembered a lesson his father gave him during a camping trip , when he taught Daniel to use a compass .
tr	NNS	Blake remembered the bits and pieces of Dave 's last phone call on the slopes .
tr	NN	I pull the needle out , but the walker begins to stir .
tr	NNS	" Craig wants teddy bears .
tr	NNS	We studied , performed chores , but most of all , we banded together to survive . "
tr	NN	He couldn 't believe the sudden pang that shot through his heart at the hazy sight .
tr	NNS	The sunlight caught the gold frames and sent reflections around the inside of the car .
tr	NN	" And that one shows every detail of my old friend Pierre . "
tr	NN	he asked the cowboy .
tr	NN	She had inherited her mother 's calm relaxed demeanor .
tr	NNS	Lina didn 't ever want the new wolves to leave .
tr	NN	Abby rubbed her husband 's thigh beneath the table until his attention refocused on her .
tr	NNS	They had just been discussing the offers he 'd received for her hand in marriage .
tr	NNS	Did you find The Crows ? "
tr	NNS	He kissed her breathless and she chuckled as she gave herself to him , her arms around his neck .
tr	NNS	He opened up the mattress which he previously had divided into two parts and put the strips in long track in the mattress .
tr	NN	Damn Pesaro and his blasted leadership and negotiation .
tr	NN	" I have one more announcement before I let you all get back to work . "
tr	NN	Her exemplary grades and academic record earned her a scholarship at the University of Washington .
tr	NN	He still bore a striking resemblance to Ty , though his hair was a little longer and lighter , and he was taller and thinner .
tr	NNS	Writing utensils rolled across the wooden surface and some rained down onto the floor .
tr	NN	I might not make curfew . "
tr	NNS	The quicker you let me have my say , the sooner I can have some serious drugs . "
tr	NNS	Mrs. Fields kneaded her temples .
tr	NNS	" Head across Tudor Village ; keep the buildings between you and the UN .
tr	NNS	She pauses inches from it , waiting , searching its eyes for any sign that might cause her to stop , but sees none .
tr	NNS	We would make arrangements for you to be her roommate . "
tr	NNS	By the time he strode into Night Owl 's , it was nearing eleven .
tr	NN	She had every single memo and outline that had been printed since the first day of this project .
tr	NN	I must ask a reprieve . '
tr	NNS	He saw no towering fires .
tr	NNS	Her body had a stillness it never had , and her heart beat in anticipation of what was to come .
tr	NNS	In the distance she could see dark clouds .
tr	NNS	She often used telekinesis without thinking about it .
tr	NNS	In the process , he will make millions .
tr	NNS	Although it 's nearer the end of your life you 'd want the nice surroundings .
tr	NNS	And then he questioned the tiny breaths .
tr	NN	" We should get the wagon off the road and camp until this rain passes . "
tr	NNS	He left broken hearts in his wake .
tr	NN	At least she 'd switched out fuck with sleep with .
tr	NN	That left only one option , really .
tr	NN	Alma held a chunk of ice to the blisters at her ankle .
tr	NNS	But could we get the numbers up by the end of July ?
tr	NN	Glad I left an impression . "
tr	NN	Jamey took a handful of my hair and pushed it away from my face .
tr	NN	If everyone will please put their dish on the front table , we can start the tasting . "
tr	NN	Poking where you don 't belong , it won 't do nobody no good . "
tr	NN	" That 'll get your heart rate up .
tr	NNS	But the fact that you believe it ... That speaks volumes .
tr	NN	Lately she 'd been hearing her internal clock ticking louder than it once had .
tr	NN	She hefted her backpack into place , the weight somehow heavier than when she 'd started out a few days ago .
tr	NN	And he would have some protection from the wilderness .
tr	NNS	With sheer determination , I brought up my knives , but willpower wasn 't enough .
tr	NN	" I wear this uniform with pride . "
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths .
tr	NNS	The figure issued strange , muffled noises through the cloth .
tr	NNS	Her gaze drops to her hands resting in her lap , her fingers tugging at the thick diamond band .
tr	NN	Well , this certainly puts a different spin on the idea of getting rid of him . "
tr	NNS	" I miss Will , " said Tess suddenly to Maggie as she finished coring the apple and handed her sister half .
tr	NNS	I 'd gladly make those loan payments and never say a word .
tr	NNS	And probably have babies ! "
tr	NN	But before it could continue , the black howl from above rattled the software around us .
tr	NN	The waitress brought the pizza , and the pups stayed out of sight .
tr	NNS	I got many scratches in my hands and legs just to get those berries , and nothing happened ! "
tr	NN	He placed a pink pen on my desk and continued to his seat in the back .
tr	NNS	The two employees gathered up the samples and left the office .
tr	NN	She had the distinct impression he didn 't really want to hear what she had to say , but felt he should .
tr	NNS	He raked off the remains of the last fire , picking out the larger cinders for re-use , and cleaned the fire bars of small cinders .
tr	NN	She peeled off her outfit , poured herself into her big oversized flannel pajamas , and just crawled into bed to sleep the sleep of the conflicted .
tr	NNS	" I love peanuts . "
tr	NNS	Gia gently pushed the dogs back with her foot and closed the door .
tr	NNS	As the brother and sister spoke , Sky couldn 't help but notice all the workers around standing frozen , staring at the pair .
tr	NNS	She could not allow all her efforts to be ruined now .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to bury my face in my hands .
tr	NNS	Loyalty aside , they didn 't throw their subjects into shackles and command obedience to the exclusion of all else .
tr	NNS	I got my bathroom necessities and went to take a shower .
tr	NN	' I 've never had occasion to go into the east . '
tr	NNS	Tomorrow she would call other landscaping firms pretending to be a client to get a feel for the market .
tr	NNS	Dan had used Irish interests before to get Spelman talking , and he wouldn 't hesitate to do it again .
tr	NNS	A stable boy took the reins of the black mare and led her away into the darkened stable .
tr	NNS	I am not thinking up excuses .
tr	NNS	" How can you hover over all that emptiness ? "
tr	NN	Given the task at hand , I appreciated the gesture .
tr	NNS	He may have finally found some true allies .
tr	NN	But in truth , it hadn , t been easy at all .
tr	NNS	She had six other activities planned , too , all to fill the weekend hours without Noel .
tr	NNS	" I examined the remains of the automatons down in the courtyard .
tr	NN	" Similar errands but I need a lemon . "
tr	NN	You simply laid a trap and disposed of the animal .
tr	NNS	there were three of them , " said Robbie excitedly , " never heard a bloody thing and all head shots at distance . "
tr	NNS	We walked down two blocks and made a left-hand turn into a dark alley .
tr	NN	Within a few minutes , he finished the October 1 , 1981 , edition .
tr	NN	The gusty wind snapping the tops of those plastic bags and whipping at Jasmine 's long hair had no effect on it .
tr	NN	She shook off the prickly sensation .
tr	NNS	" I have a few more items for you .
tr	NNS	" Apparently , the women exchanged phone numbers while we weren 't paying attention .
tr	NN	They each had an insignia on their chests , which looked to Michael like an eye peering over a desk .
tr	NNS	I 've seen tapes of backyard wrestling that were more organized and coherent .
tr	NNS	" We 're eventually going to be allies with them , you know , " Nix said dimly .
tr	NNS	' And send strike teams up to harry us .
tr	NN	My girl likes doin ' that .
tr	NNS	" Walk up and down the halls and listen for the rattle of dice .
tr	NN	" College , buy a goldfish , get married , get a job , go to the state fair ... Write about something you can accomplish .
tr	NN	Maybe my father and I had had a breakthrough ; maybe he was simply feeling nostalgic .
tr	NNS	The stupid brat is drawing bugs and apples on my window .
tr	NNS	" He had visions of the future .
tr	NNS	Well , no individual is being rescued , here , folks .
tr	NNS	" Someone took out the street-level cameras .
tr	NNS	He used his sexual skills the way he did his looks and charm . "
tr	NNS	She took out ingredients for the salad she wouldn 't eat and cut up vegetables for a stir-fry .
tr	NNS	The guy worked miracles in his time .
tr	NN	Sarah looked askance at her and said , " What , are you nuts ?
tr	NNS	the robot asked delicately .
tr	NN	The jet tore down the runway and lifted off within a matter of seconds .
tr	NN	Fighting was not like riding a bicycle .
tr	NN	Gabriel was repeating a prayer or verse from the Quran in Arabic .
tr	NN	" And he coaches football ... " Dad smiled .
tr	NN	" She needed a lab . "
tr	NNS	I should have business cards made .
tr	NN	His touch made her recoil .
tr	NNS	I paired it with the shoes Chloe had picked , five inch stiletto sandals that wrapped around my ankles .
tr	NN	I don 't see Dante 's security detail , but I 'm sure they are following us somewhere .
tr	NNS	An arms dealer would surely have security measures in place to keep out certain ... visitors .
tr	NN	He nodded , a patient resignation on his face .
tr	NNS	' We 're not taking any chances on that , Karen . '
tr	NN	" As much as you want my cock ? "
tr	NN	" Yeah , I just can 't get this fucking tape to ... " he struggles to wind a bandage around his palm .
tr	NN	I pick up a pencil and add some shading .
tr	NNS	Without permission or preamble , the monster parted her thighs and drove his c * ck deep .
tr	NNS	They flew down the dirt roads of Honduras towards Copan in their topless jeep .
tr	NNS	You 'll discuss the terms of arrangement for our alliance .
tr	NNS	" Two dollars . "
tr	NN	Trevor always loved her bashful , blushing responses when she witnessed what her touch did to him physically , but this look was different .
tr	NN	Vaughn tossed his towel into the shower , raked his fingers through his wet hair .
tr	NN	The toymaker had a well-tended beard , pointy and sharp .
tr	NN	She climbed the hill to the lookout that Edna had used and spent the day thinking and planning .
tr	NN	You anticipated the possibility from the start , or why send Grant ? "
tr	NN	The lads and Grace strode past reception .
tr	NNS	I flipped several pages to a series of woman 's business suits .
tr	NN	She held my gaze for several moments and without looking away from me she grabbed the gauntlet out of my hand .
tr	NNS	Once everyone was back on an even keel , they reorganized the teams back to their original set-up and headed for Como .
tr	NNS	I fire a few shots , but they appear to do no damage .
tr	NNS	He didn 't need their family members trying to make it anything other than that .
tr	NNS	This time she wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	It 's got a beak . "
tr	NNS	In both hands he holds knives .
tr	NNS	" State rights , state rights ... " It was intoxicating , and by the time he came down the stairs my head was spinning with endorphins .
tr	NN	Price asked the attendant of the coffee bar to turn up the volume .
tr	NNS	How do you expect our clients from London to understand ? "
tr	NN	" A classified location " " Where is it ? "
tr	NN	Above him , he heard a growl .
tr	NN	" Well , this afternoon , in my lab , I undertook a simple experiment .
tr	NNS	She twisted her wineglass by the stem and decided , What the hey ?
tr	NN	The guys picked up the trunk and shuffled into the elevator car , putting it down , so they could turn around .
tr	NN	I couldn 't have matched a more opposite duo .
tr	NNS	We get the rights to the power of the ley lines .
tr	NNS	She caressed his balls with one hand while supporting herself with her other .
tr	NN	He closed the menu knowing what he was going to order the moment he 'd entered the restaurant .
tr	NNS	You see the tracks , you know they were made by a deer , and that 's that . "
tr	NNS	He had other powers as well .
tr	NNS	You believe those old fairy tales too ? "
tr	NN	You can see Jazz , and I can get caught up on my paperwork . "
tr	NNS	Do you have any skills in healing humans ?
tr	NNS	To feel Zack 's fangs at her throat ?
tr	NN	We raced over the hill eager to see the falling snow .
tr	NN	" Got any reason to think you can make a living painting ? "
tr	NNS	I glared daggers at him .
tr	NN	She feels a great attraction to him , which shows poor taste because he is a nothing .
tr	NNS	Without stopping to think , I throw aside the covers , get to my feet , and step out into the hall .
tr	NN	" So tell me , my little blood diamond .
tr	NNS	Looking around , I can see the shattered fragments of people 's lives on their bodies .
tr	NNS	The cool air teased her heated skin , tightened her nipples even more .
tr	NN	" In light of this newest revelation , I propose a temporary truce .
tr	NN	He 'd seen the bloke on the gate , Elton , and he knew Jesse was here , somewhere .
tr	NNS	You can justify your actions to me later , once we 're off this infernal plateau . '
tr	NNS	As much as Presley would rather have denied it , she 'd had her doubts .
tr	NNS	This one had numbers , and the option of guessing what was already there or predicting future computer choices .
tr	NN	One of them put a rope around the man 's neck and dragged him toward the well .
tr	NN	Glad to know he didn 't have an imagination either .
tr	NNS	I strained my senses for any sound of movement at the top of the spiral .
tr	NN	" At least we have a hobby .
tr	NNS	He wore only boxer briefs , and with his curly blond hair a mess , he still managed to look adorable .
tr	NN	I 'm caught up , turned around Inside out , and upside down Just to know you , honey .
tr	NNS	Can we do the dishes without you trying to kill me ? "
tr	NNS	" I told you , my parents are taking the twins . "
tr	NN	Blood was streaming into his head , bringing with it the sharpness of pain , but also a growing sense of clarity .
tr	NN	You have a sweetness of nature that is a gift .
tr	NNS	Her shirt had hugged her young breasts , and the long expanse of thigh exposed by her shorts had temporarily wiped all sense from his head .
tr	NN	I saw Jared pacing up and down in the corner with a gun in his hands and I looked away quickly .
tr	NNS	Winston had seen such statues before and would have paid this one scant attention , except for one salient detail -- its head was missing .
tr	NNS	During the first appointment , we review the basics , and I go through their papers .
tr	NNS	They had tremendous powers , these wizards .
tr	NNS	Once I squeezed inside , I had only a few inches of free space above me and on either side .
tr	NN	" Do you really have that little faith in our friendship ?
tr	NN	Rudy turned the door knob slowly and eased the door open expecting to see Michele still lying in the bed tied to the head board .
tr	NNS	A pattern of sweaty palms and gaping faces presses against the glass .
tr	NN	How she hated the sensation of sitting in his passenger seat .
tr	NNS	" Mr Tiny made the dragons ? "
tr	NNS	He and Pam were probably seeing patients today .
tr	NN	' The elixir increases the rate of growth of the young .
tr	NN	A month later she was attending his funeral .
tr	NN	I said a silent prayer of thanks .
tr	NN	Lina felt a pinch in her throat as her children snuggled closer .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any heroic attempts to bring him back . "
tr	NN	You got your feather back .
tr	NNS	Women dressed in brightly patterned red , yellow , and turquoise cotton are stirring big cooking pots over open fires .
tr	NNS	Margaret hadn 't supported my efforts in the beginning and in retrospect I can 't blame her .
tr	NNS	I had other priorities , but getting my mom and Frannie to stop masquerading as me landed pretty high on my list .
tr	NN	" Or , you could go and grab the tape , since you know where it is . "
tr	NN	" Don 't look so glum !
tr	NN	* Has Jase had an argument with the gorgeous Fiona ?
tr	NNS	Make no sudden movements .
tr	NN	Warmth melted her annoyance , and she even managed a smile .
tr	NNS	Sybil was out feeding the dragons .
tr	NNS	Follow me , gentlemen . "
tr	NN	' You too have an echo . '
tr	NNS	He could make out four figures several yards ahead .
tr	NNS	He wore grey slacks with polished black shoes and a grey v-neck sweater that complimented his eyes .
tr	NNS	A pair of khaki shorts and a snug red tank top showcased her flawless peaches and cream skin .
tr	NNS	I take the plates to the kitchen as Cherie rests her head against the kitchen table .
tr	NN	Bill had cleverly sidestepped that possibility with the fishing outing .
tr	NN	And now I can 't play basketball .
tr	NN	Fires need oxygen to burn , and we 've only got two percent oxygen down here . "
tr	NNS	" I assume , Tess , that the distressed look on your face means that you can 't find appropriate words to express your gratitude . "
tr	NN	She felt the rasp of his teeth against her skin .
tr	NNS	I was twiddling my thumbs when Faith appeared in the kitchen .
tr	NN	She held the gleaming hypodermic needle next to her ear like a javelin .
tr	NNS	It granted him , he felt , certain rights of familiarity .
tr	NNS	Every time he had tried to forge something with her , she had allowed her doubts and her fright to dictate her actions .
tr	NN	She smoothed back a loose strand of hair .
tr	NN	Duncan dropped his fork on the table .
tr	NN	At the time , I didn 't have any real goal beyond getting a roof over my head . "
tr	NNS	He handed the reins to Em and climbed down .
tr	NN	He gave her a little salute and folded himself back under the steering wheel .
tr	NNS	" Or why do you have these special powers ? "
tr	NNS	" Daisy catches birds and mice and only comes for dry kibbles a couple of times a day . "
tr	NNS	" Handle the formalities in the customary way , and my wife will decide on the punishment . "
tr	NNS	One of the soldiers fired a few shots into the cliff face to drive him back onto the platform , as he attempted to crawl off .
tr	NNS	Someone traced his plates ?
tr	NN	I left my resignation on your desk yesterday afternoon .
tr	NN	Soon we will have such great joy , for we will have the freedom to be together .
tr	NNS	Pilots wouldn 't be bringing supplies for another nine days .
tr	NNS	His shirt had stains of blood , Helen 's blood , she told herself , not her mom 's blood .
tr	NNS	A sick feeling of dread permeated her senses .
tr	NN	She let her gaze flick down to his crotch then back up again .
tr	NNS	' We 're sitting ducks here !
tr	NNS	Once he was lying comfortably on his back , John tore off his silk stockings and his polished , black shoes .
tr	NNS	Gwen was making final adjustments to the elegant folds of Abby 's satin and lace gown .
tr	NN	I didn 't learn my lesson .
tr	NNS	I may not have many chances to make up for my cruelty .
tr	NNS	I 've had my suspicions . "
tr	NN	I gripped her hip with a trembling hand , holding her in place , and slipped my other hand in between her thighs .
tr	NN	Ava twirled her fork around in her food , stalling .
tr	NN	So where had he taken the jewelry ?
tr	NNS	I noticed security cameras and prayed that they were on .
tr	NN	She took my basket and waddled off to the counter .
tr	NN	You give him a pinch to taste and he experiences a particular strong , sharp taste .
tr	NN	Ambrose raked a glare from the top of Savitar 's windswept hair to the bottom of his bare feet .
tr	NN	Chuck entered the large marble foyer and was greeted by Edna .
tr	NNS	But he 'd make other arrangements soon .
tr	NNS	To allay the ghosts , as it were . "
tr	NN	She owed her cat more loyalty than that .
tr	NN	I let out a snort .
tr	NN	He stripped the wet tarp off the groaning figure .
tr	NN	" Major Hawthorne , " he gave a smart salute .
tr	NN	Amy flicked the lid on the metal creamer .
tr	NN	' I 'm afraid I don 't get about as much as I should , ' said the god sadly .
tr	NNS	I took the beautiful red roses from him , cut the stems , and arranged them in a vase .
tr	NN	He 's got a great physique and his grin is contagious .
tr	NN	The mansion occupied an entire block .
tr	NN	Her imagination exaggerated every tyrannical impulse he was capable of .
tr	NNS	If not , they can chalk up their errors as learning experiences .
tr	NNS	Six uses her telekinesis to pull the paper Mog closer .
tr	NN	Or that a man as , well , manly as Maddox would have such a design tattooed on his body .
tr	NN	Elijah covers the receiver and whispers to Cal , " It 's my mom .
tr	NNS	She 's got two babies in diapers and can tell you anything you need to know . "
tr	NNS	" Someone get those cigarettes away from the clothes .
tr	NN	Fletcher respected my privacy that way , just as I respected his .
tr	NN	Using all of my strength , I grasped the door knob and shoved my shoulder against the door .
tr	NNS	The revenue alone from the attraction generated billions of dollars from not only citizens but tourists from all over the world .
tr	NN	Had she misunderstood his casual , carefree manner ?
tr	NNS	The last thing I need right now is play out possible scenarios in my mind , especially ones that involve me failing , fainting , or falling .
tr	NNS	' You can feed your cats , so rats and mice won 't steal your supplies .
tr	NN	She wore a pink blouse and jeans .
tr	NN	Shoving to a stand , I spit out a mouthful of dirt and chucked my hat across the arena .
tr	NNS	With a few quick movements that spoke of his urgent desire , he tugged off his breeches and climbed back onto the bed .
tr	NN	Dr. Martine gave him a pat on the back and opened the door to the clean room .
tr	NN	She picked up a fork , gauging its weight and center of gravity as if to estimate a perfect throw .
tr	NN	I took Stud 's advice and wrote down everything that happened from finding the case all those years ago to the day the wall came down .
tr	NNS	The word now turned backwards .
tr	NN	They threw a rope around one and carried it back to the camp .
tr	NN	Susannah slid her shoe over the grass , which was slick and moist beneath her feet .
tr	NN	She wore a blue , flowered hospital gown .
tr	NN	But that night we gave him a bath and put him to bed ... and then we fed him .
tr	NNS	I don 't want human doctors poking at me .
tr	NN	" Grandma gave me a cap . "
tr	NN	I resist the urge to ask how this relates to his own history , trying to respect the boundaries he 's put up .
tr	NNS	Alessia never abused her powers if she could help it .
tr	NN	Her husband got a good grade in school ? "
tr	NN	Alex stopped pacing and shook his head .
tr	NNS	Poor kid has really bad nightmares every night . "
tr	NN	He gave the wire a last vicious yank , then straddled the top of his stepladder , glowering at Margaret .
tr	NN	I wasn 't impressing anybody . "
tr	NNS	Voss 's keen ears heard bits of conversation as the ladies came in , and even as they chattered in and around their chambers .
tr	NN	" Are we going to play a game and see how many of us can land a football in that bucket ? "
tr	NNS	Darkness showed movements but they disappeared as quickly as they came .
tr	NN	" Seth , you won 't have reception .
tr	NNS	He rinsed their plates and started stacking them in the dishwasher .
tr	NN	She eyed her opponent .
tr	NN	Mary passed the antique vase that sat on the piano and remembered the nightmare she had overnight .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to cover my ears as I glanced back at the house .
tr	NN	Tosh gave her knee a squeeze .
tr	NN	At last she reached the castle , perched on the cliff top overlooking the sea .
tr	NN	I like your nickname .
tr	NNS	He searched his brains trying to recall where he had seen her before .
tr	NNS	Just a few more yards , and we 'll see the fortress .
tr	NNS	It made all my efforts finding military grade security locks worth it .
tr	NN	Killian was leading the operation and went over the plan again and again until we knew it by heart .
tr	NNS	She made noises about it , but I didn 't let her shower .
tr	NN	Then I retire and get my pension .
tr	NNS	" You don 't do drugs .
tr	NNS	Close enough she could have counted his long eyelashes .
tr	NNS	Julia gave the newcomers hugs of their own , and after embracing Sophia she gently grabbed a handful of her hair .
tr	NNS	You 'd just read my cards and know what you needed to discard . "
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths , watching him sitting so calmly behind his desk .
tr	NNS	Giving information too early would jeopardize my chances of getting the jewels .
tr	NN	I inhaled his woodsy fragrance and purred with contentment .
tr	NNS	" I have certain skills , and happened to be in the right place at the right time . "
tr	NN	" I 'd take responsibility if I could , but on this occasion I can 't .
tr	NN	A small chill ran down his spine .
tr	NN	He throws down the pistol near me and I pick it up and point it at him .
tr	NNS	His unique scent invaded my senses , causing my skin to flush in spite of the chilled air .
tr	NNS	She added three cups of sugar and a cup of flour to the bowl and mixed it by hand , then put the bowl on the mixer .
tr	NNS	But Bruce has the lightning-fast reactions of his talent going for him .
tr	NN	We learned the same style of fighting .
tr	NN	Feel the soil of the Timberland woods under my feet again .
tr	NNS	The constable took the two cups on the tray and went down to open it .
tr	NNS	His chest held long , raw burn marks , almost as if the chains holding him had been made of acid .
tr	NNS	Save your judgments for later . "
tr	NN	He ties the knot , makes sure it 's tight , and slips his head in .
tr	NN	Danni swallowed the lump that formed in her throat .
tr	NN	" Actually , " Fitzgerald said , " we should go southeast . "
tr	NN	The Primes eyed up the food hungrily but looked to me again for advice on protocol .
tr	NN	Her perfect mouth formed a small O .
tr	NN	I feel the urge to beg .
tr	NN	" Voila , " she threw her arms around Darby and hugged him , " I have his trading ID .
tr	NN	Hunger won Michael 's obedience completely .
tr	NN	I had the terrible sensation of descending into the depths of evil , of being initiated into a terrible sect .
tr	NNS	They filled the ladies ' tea cups , and made their way from the room .
tr	NN	" They have my loyalty . "
tr	NNS	Especially when he added , " But my help has conditions . "
tr	NN	She fielded Paul 's glare with a sniff and tossed it back .
tr	NNS	I saw the fangs pushing through his gums , which bled profusely .
tr	NNS	George felt her rudeness , and turned away .
tr	NNS	" You make intuitive leaps sometimes .
tr	NNS	I can wash those dishes . "
tr	NNS	" I brought refreshments . "
tr	NNS	If more women could see the body , coupled with the face , they 'd have multiple orgasms on the spot .
tr	NNS	" He 'll surrender his rights if we pressure him for child support .
tr	NN	She pinches my nipple and I jerk upward , smacking my forehead against hers .
tr	NNS	She felt his powers reaching into her mind , numbing her ability to flee .
tr	NN	" Everyone want the breakfast buffet ? "
tr	NNS	Pushing onto his side he watched the three attackers striding the length of the warehouse .
tr	NN	He placed the dagger on his side as Elijah came up lifting Eli upright as the vines receded upon his presence .
tr	NN	He was driving a small cart filled with odd bags .
tr	NNS	" John Paul has sent me half a dozen texts .
tr	NNS	He looped his thumbs in the baggy waistband of his jean pants and sauntered toward her .
tr	NNS	Only a few wore robes , the rest wore long slacks in varying shades of brown and black .
tr	NN	He placed the rod in the rod holder and picked up a pair of binoculars .
tr	NN	" Like a snake ? "
tr	NN	Before we parted , Mr. Jones gave me a handful of peppermint candies .
tr	NN	" Well if we have a breakthrough I 'll go and get the celebration cake . "
tr	NN	" I feel a strange odor " it said the assassin .
tr	NNS	Heat was burning her insides , eating through her internal organs , squeezing her heart , her lungs .
tr	NNS	The children have the marks on them . "
tr	NN	He had the breeding , the knowledge , the skill .
tr	NN	He will decide your fate . "
tr	NNS	She pushed the covers aside and got to her feet .
tr	NNS	As for school , I have been doing all the assignments and stuff from home while going to school only for tests .
tr	NN	I finger the bot .
tr	NN	She has never seen a record player before , except in movies , and she likes how delicate the mechanism is .
tr	NNS	Chapter Eighteen Dr. Feldman carefully removed the layers of bandages from Simone and Marco 's heads , revealing their new identities .
tr	NN	They will know a vengeance that their grandchildren will understand and knowing it through the ages to come they will still quake in their beds ! "
tr	NN	None of the watchers showed an urge to push forward .
tr	NN	Travis tossed aside his baseball cap .
tr	NNS	She flattened her palms on the tile beside her , holding herself up .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes and I laughed at her .
tr	NNS	He attacked those dark figures , whose faces he couldn 't see save for an occasional flash of teeth or insane eyes reflecting the dying light .
tr	NNS	Unbeknownst to the last camel , it carried enough explosives to blow the group to bits .
tr	NNS	Mr. Binns had been pulling tricks like that for years .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples , took a breath , and followed .
tr	NNS	God has answered my prayers - again .
tr	NNS	If you can contact it , I can draw hex numbers on the wheels and you can send me six bytes at a time .
tr	NNS	It had government plates registered till 2010 . "
tr	NN	Furthermore , I had the distinct impression that he wanted to do me harm .
tr	NNS	As the light landed fully upon the paper , Adelia could see the dark scratches upon the vellum .
tr	NN	Maybe it 'll hit a rib or go right through or something . "
tr	NNS	" We 'll take the dogs . "
tr	NN	The screaming reached a crescendo .
tr	NNS	The governor patted his pockets until he found a pack of cigarettes and a lighter .
tr	NN	" Like sin . "
tr	NNS	I know my rights . '
tr	NN	" As long as I find a sitter . "
tr	NNS	Mr. Young 's eyes flicker to the spot a few centimeters below the tiger tattooed on my biceps .
tr	NN	Destiny obeyed his command with a gasp of pain .
tr	NNS	And you can do tricks . "
tr	NN	Ned yanked the sheath off .
tr	NN	I saw the argument going on within him before his shoulders relaxed and he obviously gave in .
tr	NNS	It had caused butterflies to tumble in my stomach and my heart to pound .
tr	NNS	He turned her insides to molten lava and sent erotic images dancing in her head .
tr	NN	I open up the recording and watch it again , then again .
tr	NNS	Couldn 't trust most folks .
tr	NNS	Julie suddenly felt dizzy , and she backed away from the mirror , letting go of the chain as if it had scalded her fingers .
tr	NN	You 're already making such improvement .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods he had his Pez .
tr	NNS	Jin fired three shots .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to bite my nails as they review my stats and performance this past week .
tr	NN	At any of these locations the mounted bowmen could wreak havoc with their lightning attacks and their clouds of arrows .
tr	NN	She looked around my camper taking in my bachelor quarters , no doubt .
tr	NNS	Please read my journals .
tr	NN	That had left a space almost Tom 's height under the thick end of the tree .
tr	NN	She snagged a towel and scrubbed briskly .
tr	NNS	After telling him what had happened , she finally gathered her senses enough to ask why he was home so soon .
tr	NNS	I can have additional cameras installed discretely .
tr	NNS	Little wisps formed along the basal fringes of the screen .
tr	NNS	She felt her ribs , her stomach -- flat and taut -- which would contract at Luke 's touch .
tr	NNS	" When they went down for breakfast I installed the cameras and made sure they were all up and running . "
tr	NN	He would keep feeding as long as he could .
tr	NN	All had professed loyalty to him and the crown .
tr	NNS	The many runaways filled the halls , all trying to get a peek at the leaving party .
tr	NNS	" He believes my lies about his little Julie .
tr	NN	Sergeant Major had a lousy bedside manner .
tr	NN	It brings her bad fortune . "
tr	NNS	She forgot all her doubts and concerns as she melted against him .
tr	NN	I do growl then .
tr	NNS	He was staying off the main roads to avoid Lenora 's roadblocks .
tr	NNS	She now had 15 friend requests , mainly from people she went to school with .
tr	NNS	Raptors attacked their gentler herbivorous companions .
tr	NN	She could sense the unease behind his forced smile .
tr	NNS	We played larger and larger gigs .
tr	NNS	Right or wrong , Kevin 's interest in her was doing wonders for her friend 's confidence .
tr	NNS	She slid the breeches off past her h * ps and long legs , dropping them in a puddle at her feet .
tr	NNS	I took deeper and deeper breaths .
tr	NN	I feel an overwhelming compulsion to flee .
tr	NNS	Just as the pretty couples were allowed inside the bar first , now they were offered half-price trips to Stellar Winds .
tr	NN	And no , I don 't count that sloppy encounter with Reba Jones for Seven Minutes of Heaven in Brendon Herbert 's basement closet in sixth grade .
tr	NNS	There are enough written references to make you wonder . "
tr	NNS	Rows of decorative vases lined the shelves of the back room .
tr	NNS	Johnny felt the pockets for his possessions and pulled out Miss Wilkinson 's gravy tub .
tr	NN	I couldn 't help the jealousy that sprang through me at her beauty .
tr	NN	" Do your family doubt your loyalty ?
tr	NN	Raul shuffled his wide frame into the car and got into the driver 's seat , vehicle leaning slightly with his weight .
tr	NN	Only 245 would call this slim , perfect body a casing .
tr	NNS	She matched his motions until their surroundings faded and only they remained .
tr	NNS	More swearing and some agitated movements .
tr	NN	Say the password ! "
tr	NN	Finally the group left the pub and began to splinter .
tr	NNS	Walter stood two inches in front of me , so close my nose was nearly pressed against his chest .
tr	NNS	Next thing you knew , I 'd be writing song lyrics and spouting poetry .
tr	NN	Bill stretched a kink from his lower back and stepped to join them .
tr	NNS	She did not know his powers , if he had any .
tr	NN	He plucked a tiny package from his jacket pocket and placed it on the table beside his chair .
tr	NNS	Instead , she was merely regarding some odd bits and pieces that he 'd glued , tied and pinned together to make some funny-looking characters .
tr	NN	But first she had a deadline to meet .
tr	NNS	Pandora savored his hardness inside her and now more than ever she was glad she was human and not a real panther .
tr	NN	" Hope you 've been enjoying your glass flute , dear Helen .
tr	NNS	Because their mom was a children 's book author she had connections with some editors and publishing companies .
tr	NNS	They 've got scales and gills on the sides of their necks .
tr	NN	Edward saw the interaction and scowled .
tr	NNS	The skin on his neck bore bright red marks .
tr	NNS	" We are talking about millions of pounds . "
tr	NNS	Jasmine handed her fifty bucks .
tr	NN	The two remaining men followed my captor and me .
tr	NN	Dever watched the whole incident three times before wiping a small tear from his left eye as he watched Harris lie on the floor dying .
tr	NNS	I 've got ... issues I need to work on .
tr	NNS	" Figure out who I am if you can , you amateur students of crime .
tr	NNS	Give me your cups , and go and do some work for a change .
tr	NNS	She politely refused the sandwiches and didn 't touch the tea he poured for her .
tr	NNS	People paid big bucks to have lighting and sound systems like this one installed .
tr	NN	Every few steps , her speed allowed her to leave the ground and Selena savored the sensation as if she were flying .
tr	NN	We even extended that caution to operating in the wilderness .
tr	NNS	" Why did you hire so many ships , then ? "
tr	NN	" He took a fall , " Joe Jack repeated his observation .
tr	NNS	The boy counted out the coins and handed them over .
tr	NN	Besides , the sooner I got out of debt , the faster I could reach my independence .
tr	NN	He pulled up his briefcase and opened it .
tr	NN	The few times I saw Harold over the next two years , he looked glum .
tr	NNS	This evening I followed your tracks from the edge of the plain . "
tr	NN	Lara felt a tingling , stretching sensation in her feet as she landed back in the snow and hurried across the meadow toward the rising slope .
tr	NN	He gave a disgusted snort and turned his back .
tr	NNS	It would require some adjustments , but if Smoke was willing ... " How much territory does a pack need ? "
tr	NN	I 'd like a Vampire 's Kiss . "
tr	NN	Dr. Warner strengthened his resolve and made his incision , cutting through the various layers of tissue as blood flowed freely from the opening .
tr	NN	I have a dental appointment so I must leave in good time . "
tr	NNS	I placed the funds in the royal treasury some years back .
tr	NN	" You mean the babe that 's being protected in the King of Vampire 's lair ? "
tr	NN	Then she ripped open the condom package .
tr	NN	She grabbed up a very nice gold pen off the desk and shoved it at me .
tr	NNS	It burned my nerve endings as thoroughly as the hunger had , but not with pain .
tr	NNS	Pointing out no-go areas and political detritus from long ago , if they arise .
tr	NN	By the time Julian opened the shower door , he 'd wrapped a towel around his waist .
tr	NN	" So Sebastian just has impeccable timing then . "
tr	NNS	I patted my pockets as I spoke , and realized they were empty .
tr	NNS	Of course , they were playing Roman citizens in the house !
tr	NN	Laughing self-consciously , I put my pen down and looked at him .
tr	NNS	And the two red haired twins that they had adopted .
tr	NN	I may not remember its conception but somehow , it still exists in my heart .
tr	NN	He would definitely need a cart .
tr	NN	" The Gaia Revolution , the PMCs , the Covenant ... " " I 'm not talking about the history . "
tr	NN	She handed him a tangle of material .
tr	NN	It won 't do my men any harm to sleep outside tonight .
tr	NN	" I reckon the bloke that did that should be strung up by his thumbs . "
tr	NNS	I have the passwords to get us into the Citadel , but not if they see you . "
tr	NNS	" If I hit anyone in the head , I get five points . "
tr	NNS	Steam rose off the slimy red tubes in the cold morning air .
tr	NN	He gave her butt a gentle squeeze and then spread his hands over the sides of her thighs , running his hands up and down .
tr	NN	She was losing consciousness .
tr	NN	Got revenge on men and took out strangers to their land at the same time . "
tr	NNS	Graham watched Wallis as the man thought about what he would say .
tr	NN	Did they attack every suspicious airship like that ?
tr	NN	The warden opened Dario 's file like a book .
tr	NNS	" Didn 't you notice the stains in your driveway ? "
tr	NNS	Batters cracked bats in batting practice .
tr	NNS	" Sorry , I know your capabilities .
tr	NNS	Brian did not like his wife 's priorities , but he hadn 't realized their extent until after they were married .
tr	NNS	" I spent less than two hundred dollars . "
tr	NN	Most belief systems have some method of incorporating both their existence and the fight against them .
tr	NN	He unrolled the scroll to its full length between his hands and began to read .
tr	NN	The other had a horn in the center of his forehead and scales rather than skin .
tr	NN	She turned and faced the refrigerator and tried to decide how she felt ... besides hurt .
tr	NNS	" He does tricks ! "
tr	NNS	Reuben glimpsed quilts for sale , along with handmade cloth puppets , rag dolls , baby clothes , and a whole variety of linens and laces .
tr	NNS	Possibly might suggest fluctuating health issues such as allergies or weight gain 11 Balance , harmony , equity , integrity , fairness .
tr	NN	" We seek your forgiveness , Jess . "
tr	NN	Putting a lousy circuit into you doesn 't make you a detective , so what do you know ?
tr	NN	I heard the low , feral groan in his throat and he closed the distance between us , responding whole-heartedly .
tr	NN	Despite the fact that these large predators were deeply anxious to avoid humans , humans would not return the favor .
tr	NNS	" I found two needles in his pockets . "
tr	NN	He made an unmistakable squeezing gesture with his hands in front of his chest .
tr	NN	Celaena examined the clock for a second more .
tr	NNS	To my surprise , Carson had made all the arrangements .
tr	NNS	Safely in the bathroom , the door firmly and swiftly shut behind me , I pressed my palms against the amber colored marble of the countertop .
tr	NNS	Did he have father instincts just like women had mothering instincts ?
tr	NN	Simon would not allow harm to befall her .
tr	NN	Rachel Polk closed the file she 'd been reading .
tr	NNS	Shorty patted his Jacket pockets .
tr	NNS	She gets all the sales notices to print up doesn 't she ? "
tr	NNS	Still , she took deep breaths and tried to relax .
tr	NNS	I tugged the covers higher , even though I had a shirt on .
tr	NN	A slither of unease skated down his spine .
tr	NNS	" You don 't mind sharing numbers with me ?
tr	NN	" I have no patience left .
tr	NNS	They would search all the remote areas as a matter of course .
tr	NNS	After a bit of testing , Rick discovered four panels of various sizes and shapes , each one becoming visible only when he looked directly at it .
tr	NN	He won 't really give you that diamond , Christine !
tr	NNS	Fathers who spent their weekends working instead of tending to their sons ' needs ?
tr	NNS	Gently , he nudged her thighs further apart , palming the heated core of her , noting the immediacy of her dewy response to his touch .
tr	NNS	" Looks like somebody lost his balls . "
tr	NNS	" Twenty million dollars ? "
tr	NN	Alexia had thought the inventor 's avoidance of metamorphosis and supernatural patronage stemmed from personal objections , not practical ones .
tr	NNS	" But the kidnappers , he found the kidnappers in Marin County when no one else could - . "
tr	NN	If the guys from my team would come here , no one has got our ID .
tr	NN	She would play the vanquished rival so that Linden would relax .
tr	NNS	I had my tubes tied two years ago .
tr	NN	New had a different definition here too .
tr	NNS	I 've considered my fears .
tr	NN	I activated my viewer .
tr	NN	She had never heard her uncle addressed in that manner .
tr	NN	She hid her discomfort and tried valiantly to end the night on a good note .
tr	NN	" My lord , I need your protection .
tr	NN	It was directly behind it , silently giving chase , so close and so dangerous .
tr	NNS	He smelled her desires , the wild frenzy in her fighting to take over .
tr	NNS	" How many offices does the company have ? "
tr	NNS	like , ... those bus numbers from last night and any other trivia that keeps accumulating . "
tr	NNS	He gathered up Brute 's reins , urging the horse forwards through the crowd of men and out of the gate .
tr	NN	Shane snuck a peek at her .
tr	NNS	We made arrangements to have an initial rehearsal the next day , Friday , February 28 .
tr	NNS	I lived bits and pieces of it through her , and when someone lives through something bad , it 's hard to trust .
tr	NN	I straightened my ponytail and put on a pair of simple earrings .
tr	NNS	Dayan had her best interests at heart .
tr	NNS	She scoured the ingredients that Cassie had left behind and found enough to make us pancakes .
tr	NN	He got a handful of my hair , moving it out of the way as he drew the knife out .
tr	NNS	The universe permitted no observers to see the force that ripped space-time into a passage backward in time but forward in motion .
tr	NN	Pierce sketched a cheerful salute and departed for the kitchen .
tr	NNS	She 'd paid seven hundred dollars for the Gucci bag and it served her well , connecting with a solid crunch against the shorter man 's head .
tr	NNS	Words which would always interest MW : " worth millions ... a fortune ... " He paused and listened intently .
tr	NN	With every ounce of energy available , Albert sprinted up the hill through the dense woods .
tr	NN	Now he knew the extent of my lameness .
tr	NNS	Pleased by the idea , she threw back the covers and went into the bathroom , where she took a quick shower and washed her hair .
tr	NNS	Carol carried their dishes to the sink , stuck the leftovers in the refrigerator , and returned with the glass coffeepot .
tr	NN	Did my brother do anything indecent to you ? "
tr	NN	" Yeah , but you killed a dragon .
tr	NNS	They 'll reach the defenses within the hour . "
tr	NNS	He was only wearing his boxers , and part of me wondered if he was going to have his way with me again .
tr	NNS	She sounded breathless even to her own ears .
tr	NN	One of them involves a spin , just in case you were wondering . "
tr	NNS	Tara followed her instincts .
tr	NNS	" Neither the gargoyle nor I can leave these tunnels , not until night has fallen .
tr	NN	Who could trust language ?
tr	NN	And I have unlimited patience . "
tr	NN	Cate felt an automatic tightening in her stomach .
tr	NNS	Some of the girls who were previously laughing at me give me a thumbs up as I pass by their lockers .
tr	NN	I cruise the internet and browse through all of the social sites that I 've missed over the past week .
tr	NN	In silence they crossed the cavern , nearly reaching the opening in the back when Uriel abruptly whirled around , his eyes searching the shadows . "
tr	NNS	He won points for not gloating .
tr	NN	I remembered the Coach briefcase she 'd brought to my office .
tr	NN	Nic cracked his knuckles .
tr	NN	Carol made a nondescript gesture .
tr	NN	He gave the fork to his father .
tr	NNS	Saw the tourist sites , had some more than decent meals .
tr	NNS	They don 't make snickering remarks about her , or spend their careers trying to pick apart her historical reputation .
tr	NN	The Gypsy 's laugh stiffened Tara 's spine more , if that was possible .
tr	NNS	The last thing she remembered was downing three shots of tequila in a row .
tr	NN	Matt watched the reunion as Curt turned the child over to his mother .
tr	NN	Issuing the command to wake , he brought her safely to ground , bending his dark head to find her mouth , to capture her first breath .
tr	NN	We walked a block , and then made a turn .
tr	NN	After everything she 'd been through that night , no one was calling her a wimp .
tr	NN	I had brought a pen and paper , anticipating having to write a new address down .
tr	NNS	The boys held their breaths .
tr	NNS	Fear and panic gripped the defenders hearts .
tr	NNS	No free rides ! "
tr	NN	But , we must first ask the chief for his permission .
tr	NNS	Sara silently asked her sisters .
tr	NNS	Brick could sense his friend 's movements .
tr	NNS	Radley was basing his assumptions on something that had happened a year ago .
tr	NNS	His hands behind his back , he wandered down the lands back towards the hut .
tr	NNS	" I 've got a drink , thanks , " Ben swirled the remains of his rum and coke .
tr	NN	I beeped the horn as she was locking up , calling " Hurry up !
tr	NN	" Don 't you want proof that Miriam is the mystery lady ? "
tr	NN	Jason couldn 't help grinning .
tr	NN	" Just as long as it has indoor plumbing . "
tr	NN	Then he noticed the puddle of bile already there .
tr	NNS	Next , she carefully extracted a half-dozen stainless steel forks from the drawer .
tr	NN	She 'd just had her eye exam a few months ago , and was waiting until she could afford what she required to correct her vision properly .
tr	NNS	Having him there was calling up all sorts of wrong images in Rachel 's head .
tr	NN	All you have to do is maintain a wagon , feed the ox that pulls it and pay a driver and a guard .
tr	NNS	She wore a pastel pink sundress with her hair around her shoulder in curls .
tr	NNS	She darted around the ruins of the doorframe and looked the other way down the corridor .
tr	NN	" The pointless , useless , self-absorbed , time-wasting charade that makes everything else possible .
tr	NN	Her gasp , then purring moan , sent a fresh bolt of lust shooting through him .
tr	NNS	I feel the coolness of them as well as the liquid from the melting cube that runs back out around them .
tr	NN	" I hate fish , that 's why I got a cat . "
tr	NNS	We have discovered here the ancient relics of a civilization much more advanced than any in the galaxy .
tr	NN	I 've created a sufficient budget for you to do what needs to be done to bring the companies back into profitability .
tr	NNS	She 's had high marks since the beginning . "
tr	NNS	" I will make arrangements .
tr	NNS	They 'd have the instincts to act if Leo needed backup .
tr	NNS	I 've made arrangements . "
tr	NN	The Boss nodded and asked the attendant to pass on the ashtray before he left .
tr	NN	Zach headed off , back down their row of empty trees and full boxes , anxious to see how they 'd done .
tr	NN	He recalled Richard 's advice to ignore everything except the contract and hard cash .
tr	NNS	They were given pamphlets on donor eggs , surrogates , and adoption .
tr	NN	I have the intruder .
tr	NNS	I don 't expect miracles , but an update would certainly be appreciated , even if that update is of the nothing new to report variety .
tr	NN	I needed a bath . "
tr	NN	It would probably have too much silver or not enough tin , making the pewter work more weakly than it would otherwise .
tr	NNS	Some people collected issue numbers .
tr	NNS	Shut off all supplies to Flattery , starve him out .
tr	NNS	Good lord , could he possibly have seen all the beatings and violations ?
tr	NN	And now there came a flow of air to meet them , cold and thin .
tr	NNS	Someone stuffed a fresh fox carcass under the deck .
tr	NN	Finally , Walker grabbed a pillow and a blanket that was sitting at the end of the bed .
tr	NNS	" Don 't worry , I won 't be making any complaints . "
tr	NN	And tomorrow night , you will perform your duty with no uncertainty in your heart .
tr	NN	Elizabeth placed her fork on the small dish that held her cake and agreed , " You 're right .
tr	NN	Her negligence had no effect on my productivity , so I never brought it up .
tr	NNS	Jasmine can do a few quick fixes to tide the land over .
tr	NN	Doug stood , unsteadily , a hand absently patting at his upper chest .
tr	NN	I couldn 't take the suspense anymore .
tr	NN	What if I get bad grade after bad grade ?
tr	NNS	Belinda took short and shallow breaths .
tr	NNS	" I don 't like the fang snakes . "
tr	NN	She wrapped another towel around my arm .
tr	NNS	" Dr. Fowler , do I understand correctly that long before AIDS , the medical profession recognized diseases of the human immune system ? "
tr	NNS	He read the labels on the spines of a few books , pulled down one or two , but quickly put them back .
tr	NNS	" I 've read all the dime novels about him . "
tr	NNS	I had met murderers and I myself had murdered , we had all been the subjects of nature 's law and the survival of the fittest .
tr	NN	I played basketball on court one , a privilege I got by being one of the best .
tr	NN	Emily stifled a groan .
tr	NNS	They bore crude clubs and slings .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes , feeling pain and sleepy .
tr	NNS	Have you lost any members lately ? "
tr	NNS	Gordian had several inches on him in height and in shoulder breadth .
tr	NN	His father hadn 't forbidden email or instant messaging , after all .
tr	NN	" Shut that speaker off . "
tr	NNS	We admired the chandeliers , rich velvet draperies and painted ceilings in the very posh " Room of Luxury . "
tr	NNS	Eleazar flattened his palms against the side of her prison as if his touch could comfort her .
tr	NNS	Had Lucifer somehow blocked her visions of this realm ?
tr	NN	I tossed my napkin onto half-eaten food .
tr	NNS	They can announce their punishments at any time within the year , and the wait will be torment .
tr	NNS	His attention was all on me , blocking Adrian 's efforts .
tr	NNS	But don 't get overheated .
tr	NN	So , please , by all means enlighten me as to what it is you 're working on here ?
tr	NN	His voice , low and filled with the promise of sexual delights , made her stomach curl with anticipation .
tr	NNS	" More useful skills .
tr	NN	A woman moves towards Reginald , her nostrils flair before her facial features freeze .
tr	NN	He resists the urge to write it on her arm , to tattoo it there .
tr	NNS	The same body that was so adept at climbing trees could not perform the motions that would keep it afloat .
tr	NNS	He even had aspirations of running for sheriff when Lyle decided to pack it in , hence the moral dilemma he was now facing .
tr	NN	Some accompanied their selling with soft crooning that caught on the calm Mediterranean breeze and wafted back to Maggie as she sat at her table .
tr	NNS	However , I was picking up fragments of conversations .
tr	NNS	She 's coming up the ranks . "
tr	NN	And then - Then a great wave of indescribable power hit the upper vault of heaven and lit up the sky like ten thousand northern lights .
tr	NN	The photographer hadn 't really captured the amazing structure .
tr	NNS	her voice purred , like metal wheels rubbing , an automatic sound coming forth from her , like on a recording , he thought .
tr	NNS	" So the Soviet still retain some examples of the work of this man Faberge .
tr	NN	Josef gave a little shudder .
tr	NNS	" He 'd send his cronies far and wide to make sure there was enough fuel to run it .
tr	NN	Bo stroked a knuckle over Honey 's golden head .
tr	NNS	You put females in the pit ? "
tr	NNS	My heart made a few leaps and bounds in my chest .
tr	NNS	She had no doubts , no worries .
tr	NN	Thank goodness for people like us .
tr	NN	Rafferty took a quick peek over a window sill and then sank back .
tr	NNS	And I had no obligations to you .
tr	NN	We can 't risk our reputation .
tr	NN	Why would I let a fruit cake like that put me in a dress ? "
tr	NNS	The top of which barely held the woman 's assets in .
tr	NNS	The other wore cheap sandals and walked in obvious pain .
tr	NN	Not for the first time , Pete questioned the logic of continuing to man their post .
tr	NNS	I exchanged greetings with everyone in sight and announced that I 'd be back in the dressing room .
tr	NNS	He slid his thumbs under the flimsy lace of her panties as he brought her hard against him .
tr	NNS	Gabriel gathered the cards and began shuffling them again .
tr	NNS	The people , however , needed their gods .
tr	NN	The man opened the white cap on the end of each , saw the money inside , and nodded .
tr	NNS	Michael stood , surveyed his surroundings .
tr	NN	She was carrying a leather handbag that had cost more than two of my outfits , which mostly come from Wal-Mart .
tr	NN	" I won 't hate the jewelry .
tr	NN	His lips made a grim twist that was like the joyless cousin of a smile .
tr	NNS	Alyosha summoned up a few balls of Skyfire .
tr	NNS	Chrissie spent weekends with Joel and arrived in Hard Luck exhausted .
tr	NN	He gave a Gallic shrug as he continued .
tr	NN	If we do , we will lose the shipment and we can 't risk that , especially if they are as big as we suspect . "
tr	NN	She chose the latter .
tr	NNS	He 's paying me fifty dollars to be a lookout for you .
tr	NNS	As she ran , Beth directed small fountains of water onto the flames .
tr	NNS	" But in that remainder , " she said , " he will take actions he may not have otherwise . "
tr	NN	She made a dismissive gesture with her hand .
tr	NNS	How many more buffalo omelet opportunities would I get ?
tr	NNS	A Marine recruiter had heard six shots .
tr	NN	I gave you credit for being smarter than that . "
tr	NNS	' But we 've been reviewing your wife 's autopsy photographs . '
tr	NNS	All three women had already bought the necessary needles and yarn and I 'd supplied the pattern as part of the class fee .
tr	NN	A cold finger of unease crept up my spine at the news of the giant 's escape .
tr	NNS	" Lowering all defense systems . "
tr	NNS	My wolf growled and snapped her jaws , shaking her head .
tr	NNS	Abby dug her fingernails into her husband 's leg , and their table became quiet .
tr	NNS	I used ' data ' once .
tr	NNS	Will we see bugs ?
tr	NNS	" Okay , let 's call your folks . "
tr	NNS	I kicked off the covers and rubbed my eyes as I padded to the bathroom .
tr	NNS	" Well , I 'll just join my sister witches today and let you enjoy each other 's company . "
tr	NN	She grabbed my backpack , slowing me down until I came to a stop .
tr	NNS	The second I hear his car door slam , I throw off my covers and roll out of bed .
tr	NNS	My father made two more attempts at marriage and obtaining an heir , but I think he finally gave up . "
tr	NNS	I gave condoms out to anyone who asked .
tr	NN	" I work my butt off every day , so I figured I 'm entitled to a few hours off now and then !
tr	NNS	Did they have any leads ?
tr	NN	He quickly undid the wrap and jumped off , landing on his feet .
tr	NN	Serenity The young soldiers face turned paler than Serenity 's .
tr	NNS	" Mom and Aunt Donna have been planning fantasy trips for years .
tr	NN	Someday they would call him their savior .
tr	NNS	Leaning against the cool metal , I hooked my thumbs in my pockets and crossed my ankles .
tr	NNS	Only a year or two older than Tony , David successfully organized sales and handled the business side of things .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to drop my eyes to the desk .
tr	NN	" But Charlotte really took the cake . "
tr	NNS	For his trouble , he 'd gotten broken and bloody knuckles .
tr	NN	The doctor watches the monitor as he injects the solution into the IV .
tr	NN	They didn 't have proper packaging yet .
tr	NN	For heaven 's sake , why would you marry a mechanic ?
tr	NNS	They have searched their areas and found no responsive humans . "
tr	NNS	The cleft ran about six paces before ending abruptly .
tr	NN	She raised the wipe .
tr	NNS	Then , he ordered both boxers to the middle of the ring and they did without a problem .
tr	NNS	Perhaps something else killed the dinosaurs . '
tr	NNS	I 've taken so many shots that both batteries are low .
tr	NNS	Daniel whirled , kilt spinning , and spread his arms .
tr	NN	You need a pilot .
tr	NN	I gently pull the knob like I saw Chloe do and the door pops right open .
tr	NNS	" We can 't afford these delays .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	" If it 's a choice between that and one of us getting separated or shot , we 're taking that option . "
tr	NNS	The second has suffered even more losses . "
tr	NN	You guys are getting exactly what you wanted , half the revenue .
tr	NNS	She didn 't trust her nephew 's motives , especially if he wanted to involve her .
tr	NN	Obviously , she 'd missed the memo that required all assignments to be stocked with a lock pick ( or bobby pin ) .
tr	NN	I 'll take the punishment . "
tr	NN	" Jesse , " she made a breathless little protest , already feeling lost .
tr	NN	His voice came out a low growl that both excited and aroused .
tr	NNS	Julie carefully set down her wineglass , for her fingers had begun to shake too much to hold it .
tr	NN	" Any advice ? "
tr	NN	Under her words , Ben could hear Marion 's disgust and confusion over what would happen to the poor mermaid they found .
tr	NNS	The bastard was covering his tracks there , too .
tr	NN	She then thanked the barista and left before she had to start talking about her job .
tr	NNS	As we enter I search the room for Will , but the table holds six chairs and he isn 't in one .
tr	NN	" Fearing that this contagion could get a wider and deeper foothold in California , Lindahl has placed the nuclear option on the table .
tr	NN	Closing her eyes , she said a silent prayer before opening them again .
tr	NN	I paid the boat pilot and thanked him .
tr	NNS	Keep your wits , girl . "
tr	NN	We 've searched the factory , and she 's not here , and we 've searched the area outside and she 's not there either .
tr	NNS	I handed him the new pages .
tr	NNS	He placed his oil paints onto the stool next to him and stepped closer to me .
tr	NNS	They exchanged numbers on their mobile phones .
tr	NNS	" We have vultures in Ontario ? "
tr	NN	And he couldn 't control Manhattan 's traffic .
tr	NNS	Maybe , when I was beautiful and strong , he wouldn 't want distractions .
tr	NN	She picked up the candle she came in with and replaced it with one a bit taller from the table .
tr	NNS	I only ever even got the covers because my mother was a supermodel from the eighties . "
tr	NN	I 'd heard that distinction of Artemis ' role on earth before , of course , as part of the Mysteries taught to every child .
tr	NNS	But this took centuries to develop .
tr	NNS	Students could take classes from the four professors on the ISE staff while pursuing a degree program with BSU .
tr	NN	Paige ran a magenta red fingernail along the edge of the brick that lined the side of the patio .
tr	NNS	They can do all sorts of things . "
tr	NN	She had a pistol strapped to her thigh at the time , but I figured it was worth a shot .
tr	NNS	In her case , she couldn 't fit the overalls over the long 1895 dress .
tr	NN	Her father loved any occasion that gave him an excuse to drink and her mother could care less about what either one of them did .
tr	NNS	' You 've got all those daggers and things . '
tr	NN	Nothing should surprise a good lawyer -- or a good criminal for that matter .
tr	NN	I tossed my shovel and gardening gloves on the ground next to my garden , got up and headed towards the recreation room .
tr	NN	She cherished the loyalty and she needed their support .
tr	NN	Small terriers spilling around the feet of the goblins , as if the dogs did not care , and the goblins did not see them .
tr	NN	Then he replaced the cap and secured the bottle to his belt once more .
tr	NN	Scooter had an easel with a painting in progress , and Mattie had a tiny easel right next to it with a painting of her own .
tr	NNS	Aria stacked the empty plates .
tr	NNS	These were building blocks to my end game .
tr	NNS	Danielle slid down the soft cushions of her chair to land seated , cross-legged on the floor next to her mother .
tr	NN	" I need a blood oath . "
tr	NN	By the age of twelve , adult males had developed the silver patch along their back and rump ; the sign of sexual maturity .
tr	NNS	I 'd been weighing the pros and cons with him for weeks .
tr	NNS	Donahoe planted the seeds that he hoped would sprout into thick tangles of doubt .
tr	NN	" Don 't leave your rifle in the truck .
tr	NN	Behind him Tyler wreaks havoc with the rear particle canon , cutting into bulkheads and controls randomly .
tr	NN	Still , I like his style and his view of the world .
tr	NNS	When Abraham 's not gluing wings onto bats , he 's been having secret meetings with some creepy bald guy . "
tr	NNS	He didn 't know your mannerisms . "
tr	NNS	The scent of her perfume teased his senses as she wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned against him .
tr	NN	She felt his annoyance .
tr	NN	Do you have a pen and paper in your purse ?
tr	NN	Maybe I have got a talent for this .
tr	NNS	Ben could see numerous pots and pans suspended over the fire , with the steam of boiling snow rising up to the sky .
tr	NNS	They didn 't have individual numbers , so they must be used by everyone who lived in the ... Was that a mausoleum ?
tr	NNS	Past the carts , I saw shelves with canned goods on them .
tr	NN	He couldn 't remember any funeral .
tr	NNS	He 'd already put pints of blood and sweat into it , but he should be able to safely hand it over now .
tr	NN	An unfortunate poet had once described the effect of Sid as : ' A dark void sucking all semblance of joyous consciousness deep within its grasp .
tr	NN	She had never gained consciousness .
tr	NN	She pressed the speed dial for Chess 's number .
tr	NNS	" I don 't know the specifics , but I think his family was grievously hurt by one in some way .
tr	NNS	The receptionist gave them directions to the top floor , explaining how to get up there and who would be at the other end .
tr	NN	She sighs pacing back and forth in front of them .
tr	NN	I swore out that warrant as soon as I got off the phone with Wren .
tr	NN	It took momentous willpower to keep from shifting her eyes and connecting with his cold blue depths .
tr	NNS	He ignored her efforts , pushing her hand aside .
tr	NNS	The doctor flipped some pages of the chart he held , pen ready .
tr	NN	He hooted his horn .
tr	NN	She 'd been his submissive and was nearly his fiance .
tr	NNS	I felt the spasms in my abdomen .
tr	NN	He tossed the cloth on the floor several feet away and climbed back into bed , immediately pulling Eve back into his arms .
tr	NN	From the look of Harrison , you gave him quite a thrashing . "
tr	NN	He picked up the receiver .
tr	NN	" You know the code to get in ? "
tr	NNS	He didn 't like surprises .
tr	NN	" We noticed a crow watching us .
tr	NNS	Centered with care in the room was a woven circular rug of uncertain age , wear marks suggesting more years than the cabin itself .
tr	NN	She slowly took the costumed outfit out .
tr	NN	I could see the terror in them and feel it in her heart .
tr	NNS	He lives a few blocks from here , and he told me there was a diner somewhere by the park where the high school kids hang out .
tr	NN	Only once did he catch a fleeting glimpse of a dark robe disappearing furtively around a corner .
tr	NN	They 'd be fighting their parents ' attitude for years to come .
tr	NN	Now that I actually had to explain it , it all felt a little petty , but there was no backing out now .
tr	NNS	Typical Maine tourist trinkets adorned shelves and tabletops .
tr	NN	That warrants special consideration . "
tr	NNS	He 'd probably refused antibiotics like he had analgesics .
tr	NNS	And I don 't much like surprises . "
tr	NNS	They 'd been alone in the forest all morning , the fresh scent of pine tickling their noses .
tr	NN	In one move , he 'd covered his own embezzling butt and gotten the girl .
tr	NN	I had learned my lesson after that first camping experience , when we went ' in ' after them .
tr	NN	By Monday evening Shirley understood her daughter 's angst much more clearly .
tr	NNS	" I do love masquerade balls .
tr	NN	She lifted the pillow and smelled it .
tr	NNS	An overweight lady with thin blond hair was punching numbers into a calculator .
tr	NNS	All that week Savannah had made elaborate meals for Cole .
tr	NNS	When tapping my boots in the rising puddles grew boring , I headed for the convenience store a few yards away .
tr	NNS	He 'd given her directions and she 'd just kept driving on the freeway instead of following what he was saying .
tr	NN	Clapping my friend on the back , we shouted an exclamation into the wind as the train picked up speed , propelling us towards Rome .
tr	NNS	I dig my fingernails into my palm , trying to decide the best thing to say .
tr	NNS	But he would play his cards closer to his chest in future .
tr	NNS	... Daemon I so didn 't forget the condoms when I packed what little stuff we had into our alien tote .
tr	NNS	But without that memory we will need the compass .
tr	NNS	I fired three more shots into the two men .
tr	NNS	Lydia made more noises .
tr	NNS	Nice houses and grassy gardens that they were far too busy to enjoy .
tr	NNS	He could practically see the wheels turning in her head .
tr	NNS	When she crouched down and put her hand out to touch his shoulder , he bared his fangs and snarled like an animal caught in a trap .
tr	NNS	Fighting nausea , no doubt from the grease I 'd consumed , I took deep breaths and swallowed almost non-stop .
tr	NNS	Even Declan was affected my actions - I could tell he was sometimes afraid of me and that hurt .
tr	NN	Too bad you would not accept the truce I wished to have between us .
tr	NNS	A stitch stings my ribs and demands that I slow , but slowing is not an option .
tr	NNS	Rick removed a set of night vision goggles , multiple weapons , explosives with fuses , and even diversionary tools ... smoke bombs , flash bombs .
tr	NN	When it was clear you all had your own circle , I made an assumption of my own and moved forward with my own agenda . "
tr	NN	Mel never took responsibility for any problem he created for himself .
tr	NNS	" I have my talents . "
tr	NNS	All the youth leaders give their home numbers to the parents of the youth , in case they need help .
tr	NNS	" One has one 's little illusions ! "
tr	NN	The shower was warm and glorious , the water red as it circled the drain .
tr	NN	Walking inside his home , Blake had a strong urge to yell , ' Hi , honey , I 'm home . '
tr	NNS	The model would please the powers that be .
tr	NN	She set her backpack down at a table and started unpacking her books .
tr	NN	Grabbing her hand , he slapped the branch against her palm .
tr	NN	This guy can 't have this effect on me ; my emotions are under lockdown since shit hit the fan with Mason .
tr	NNS	In the end , we took the crowns and promised to put them to good use .
tr	NN	It struck the demon 's bony rib cage and stuck there .
tr	NN	I catch a glimpse of his smile before he disappears around the landing .
tr	NN	To his eternal surprise she wore no man 's garb nor did she wield a sword .
tr	NN	Aimee put her fork down .
tr	NN	Rock slid his chair backwards .
tr	NNS	I shouldn 't read those journals .
tr	NNS	She could rip out their hearts as a jaguar , but she couldn 't incinerate them .
tr	NN	How did a man beat back a god ?
tr	NNS	He 'd always hated freckles .
tr	NNS	She slammed her palms against the tile floor .
tr	NNS	That presented no difficulties .
tr	NNS	He rolled the canisters across the desktop ; Sammy and John caught them .
tr	NN	I felt strangely passive , as if nothing mattered that much .
tr	NN	" Unfortunately for you , you must earn the privilege of using one of these . "
tr	NN	They just eat hay and carrots . "
tr	NNS	In the days of his reign , Solomon possessed two items of great power , immeasurable gifts from heaven .
tr	NNS	Without answering the question , Selena set her cards aside , and looked the paper over .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers .
tr	NN	Dad pulled out the drawer , and we all looked .
tr	NNS	" I remember the first buildings , round reed and mud huts .
tr	NNS	I pushed off the covers and eased off the bed .
tr	NN	Her father 's voice had contained a hearty measure of " I hope you know what you 're doing , ' Ene " in it .
tr	NNS	" There are verified reports of turmoil in the central realms , specifically in the Endless Realm Priory .
tr	NN	" Some Indian fellows were parading an elephant at the Fair , near Blackfriars Bridge .
tr	NNS	Other residents loitering a few blocks away ; the crowd was huddled together and talked out of their corner of their mouths , buzzing with excitement .
tr	NN	He pushed aside a tree branch and got a glimpse of the entrance to the cave .
tr	NNS	I paid over three hundred dollars in maintenance fees but in New York City that was still pretty low .
tr	NN	The floor was sealed cement .
tr	NNS	" Didn 't you hear their beating hearts ?
tr	NNS	You saw the numbers I wrote on my arm ?
tr	NN	A shiver raced down her spine .
tr	NNS	" Balls make great excuses to meet with allies and keep an eye on enemies .
tr	NNS	An uneasy feeling made the hairs on the back of his neck tingle .
tr	NNS	Ellen 's voice quivered dangerously , and Marie stepped back to admit her .
tr	NNS	I also bought a few pairs of pregnancy pants with the stretchy material at the waist .
tr	NN	Carol did not fully understand the void she felt .
tr	NNS	He was scanning their surroundings , merging more deeply so he could see into Corinne 's haunted dreams .
tr	NN	She 'd bring back her favorite flavor - Tahitian Vanilla .
tr	NN	The Alpha within William was demanding obedience .
tr	NNS	Other vampires lifted the domes , revealing a meal that might have been described as " Predator 's Delight . "
tr	NNS	I saw her eyeballs moving under her lids .
tr	NN	I have faith in you . "
tr	NN	You 've hired the right lawyer , Reed , but , again , I 'm not sure what can be done . "
tr	NNS	" Well , we haven 't received any reports of Chinese troops north of Red Bluff .
tr	NN	Her eyes flashed an anxious plea . '
tr	NNS	She had no defenses left .
tr	NNS	Verity was considering the pros and cons of this when a large section of the wall creaked loudly , groaned , and then swung inward .
tr	NN	His spear thrust the imposter directly in the chest deeply .
tr	NN	Unable to tune the image out of his brain , he gave up his quest for sleep , turned off the news , and left his room .
tr	NNS	" Okay , that should cover the mechanics of our talents .
tr	NNS	He jerked the reins of the horse .
tr	NNS	I lost three shipments this month alone . "
tr	NN	Because Jonathan Morgenstern has sworn vengeance against you .
tr	NNS	Don 't your jaws hurt ? "
tr	NNS	I feel tickles . "
tr	NNS	If someone showed up now ... we would be sitting ducks .
tr	NN	" You can have soda ? "
tr	NN	" It 's already costing me a fortune for the tuition , and it 's only one damn week .
tr	NN	He 'll give you a task . "
tr	NN	But he fought back the hunger , even with the smell of blood all around him .
tr	NNS	Nemo did not fully understand such desires .
tr	NN	Give us some privacy . "
tr	NN	As he continued to walk down the overgrown road , Ira noticed a gnawing sensation in his stomach and realized he was hungry .
tr	NN	You can 't buy publicity like that . "
tr	NNS	Thunder shook the heavens like the wrath of ancient gods .
tr	NNS	This female wolf possesses the same abilities as her predecessor .
tr	NN	Slowly she unwound the soft material , inch by agonizing inch .
tr	NNS	" When Lloyd said he was leaving , I packed up my supplies and came along with them .
tr	NNS	He crushed chairs , the laboratory equipment was shattered , and co-workers scarred .
tr	NN	Blinding light filled the cockpit .
tr	NNS	Your weaving , it has some roughness to it , but you 'd learn to fix that quickly if taught by sisters . "
tr	NNS	We ordered our meals and when the waitress left Vinnie became even bolder .
tr	NNS	" George leaps tall buildings in a single bound . "
tr	NNS	" Time for you to go my darlings , " she told her babies .
tr	NN	I made my voice sound carefree , in case they were listening , whoever they were .
tr	NNS	" Who 's bringing the sandwiches ? "
tr	NN	You 've had an irrefutable demonstration of magic . "
tr	NN	" You always did have an active imagination as a kid . "
tr	NN	Behind him he could hear the shrill , panicky trumpeting of the elephants , and overhead the shrieking bellow of the vast dragon .
tr	NN	He says a prayer that lasted longer than it should have then performs the first sealing chant .
tr	NN	I made a gesture indicating the two of us as a single entity .
tr	NN	I suddenly had the urge to spank him like a wild woman .
tr	NN	His chuckle slithered down her spine .
tr	NN	More than a few watched the trio walking away from the group .
tr	NN	I wanted a particular painting that was in France during the war .
tr	NNS	Crack the shovels together ... loudly and rapidly . "
tr	NN	As Larry 's hand turned the door knob , she gave a final instruction to her daughter .
tr	NNS	The attacks lower my shields to about 80 % , but no more .
tr	NN	I feel the lump rising in my throat .
tr	NN	Stella filed her nail and smiled .
tr	NN	We mean no harm to the Kay ' lo . "
tr	NNS	Beth handed Joanne the kid 's backpacks and kissed Molly on the cheek .
tr	NNS	I don 't like his possessiveness , but if he wasn 't holding me , I might collapse from exhaustion and pain .
tr	NN	School pictures did not do you justice , dear . "
tr	NN	We mean no harm .
tr	NN	She freed his swollen shaft and sheathed it with her hands .
tr	NN	He 'd been rehearsing the announcement in his mind and was happy it came off as intended .
tr	NN	But I caught a glimpse of guilt flash across Alex 's face .
tr	NN	I flipped the pillow over and stared at the window as moonlight trickled in .
tr	NN	" Screw all that Incubus crap .
tr	NN	The locket tumbled down her blouse before bouncing against the tile floor with a metallic ping .
tr	NNS	He crossed the ten or so yards to her , his preternatural vision seeing the darkness around her as though lit with a soft light .
tr	NN	She wields a plastic fork in my direction , but then she starts to laugh .
tr	NNS	For the next five minutes , our leader called out directions and we turned one way or another .
tr	NNS	Why would this precise artwork , so to speak , fashioned after the fascinating harbor , also have claims to this Frenchman ?
tr	NNS	I stop in my tracks , and notice an odd smell that begins to fill the streets .
tr	NNS	I love country roads because they never waver like the roads in a city .
tr	NN	I took my rifle from its sling then after making sure it was loaded , headed into the brush .
tr	NN	Slowly , he wrestled out his written equation .
tr	NN	Steven had always valued their advice so he thoughtfully explained the situation .
tr	NN	" Show respect ! "
tr	NN	" Did you bring me any chocolate , Mr. Mount Rainier ? "
tr	NN	' Here , kitty , ' I said self-consciously .
tr	NNS	But who charmed these folks .
tr	NN	As you approach nearer you make a gesture of greeting and the doorkeeper bows slightly in acknowledgement .
tr	NNS	Tiger remembered only bits and pieces of his life , which , if Iona judged aright , was about forty years .
tr	NNS	But you 've eaten meals before , haven 't you ? "
tr	NNS	Several children , their parents watching , enjoyed the self-directed activities .
tr	NN	She let out a long , sorrowful groan .
tr	NN	As David turns toward him , I see tomato juice dripping from his mouth .
tr	NN	Once John had gotten the cord tied off , he took a wet towel out of the bag and cleaned his hand and arm .
tr	NN	Perhaps you can offer some advice to me , and I 'll see if I can do the same for your case . "
tr	NNS	After what the two of them had been through , they would have nightmares for some time .
tr	NNS	We stagger back a few paces while I try to control my heart rate .
tr	NNS	He had three shots left .
tr	NNS	Gather my wits and look upwards again , offering a faint smile .
tr	NNS	" I have two sisters , but they don 't live here .
tr	NNS	" You 've seen your ancestors .
tr	NN	" I have the door code ! "
tr	NN	She didn 't doubt Nick 's version of what it was like to speak at a meeting run by Gio .
tr	NNS	Her fingers traced the burns around his ribs .
tr	NNS	" Well , as long as it doesn 't require drugs .
tr	NNS	I 'll make your excuses .
tr	NN	I felt a sour lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	I pushed the crew members aside .
tr	NN	His expression betrayed his skepticism .
tr	NNS	On the floor were cushioned mats .
tr	NNS	Lately they have been using fires ; they are easy and inexpensive and after you light the first match , the job gets done pretty quickly .
tr	NNS	The second rattled down the tracks , picture-perfect , and then the next in synchronized magnificence as the mammoth load whipped out at a blurring speed .
tr	NN	He wanted our love chaste and I knew without a doubt that he would never dare take me to his bed again until he married me .
tr	NNS	" Did he do any other drugs ? "
tr	NNS	" Only because she 's using her powers against you . "
tr	NN	Sebastian swallowed the knot in his throat .
tr	NN	How she knew she was having the stroke but fell , powerless to stop it and powerless even to call for help .
tr	NNS	My arm felt super limp , but I tried to help him by paddling as well .
tr	NN	He countered her resistance with gentleness , nibbling on her lower lip , sliding his tongue along her mouth and showing her what it would feel like .
tr	NN	The shaking had had some effect on old Jack and a branch dislodged itself from above to drop on the head of the angry man .
tr	NNS	It had no attributes and qualities that went beyond this quality of unity .
tr	NNS	" Got ta let the baby birds out of the nest someday , Gabe . "
tr	NNS	I have several other diaries here and that volume is backed up in the computer system . "
tr	NN	We reached the bench and sat down .
tr	NNS	" Half a million dollars .
tr	NNS	Her dress rose a solid five inches and exposed the back of her creamy smooth thighs and a fleeting glimpse of the sweet curve of her buttocks .
tr	NN	I transfer the pen back and forth from my left and right hand , trying to decide which hand I should write with .
tr	NN	So get the fuck over yourself , Olivia , and let yourself be happy for once .
tr	NN	Selma was cooking a huge roast for that evening 's dinner .
tr	NNS	She could still see the tiny , helpless figures , hopelessly running from a fiery death .
tr	NNS	" I thought I had them when I got here " Dude face palms .
tr	NNS	" When he was collecting core samples of the mud at the bottom of the lake . "
tr	NNS	Maybe somebody said something backstage .
tr	NN	Instead of keeping up the silly dialogue with " Stefan , itis me ! "
tr	NN	With your problems , you don 't make the grade . "
tr	NNS	He and his father reached tube twelve to see a short fat man arrive ; he could barely fit in the tube .
tr	NNS	" I had homeless Ruby in yesterday . "
tr	NN	You gentlemen will perform your civic duty and testify at that trial . '
tr	NN	Ric picked up a strawberry and turned it over in his fingers before taking a bite .
tr	NN	I remembered the electricity between us a few nights ago and , real or not , I wanted to feel that passion again .
tr	NN	Nicola accepted the offering with a smile .
tr	NNS	They left their suits at home , and tried to act younger and cooler than they were .
tr	NN	He stood up , his gaze narrowing .
tr	NN	He sat his saddle wondering how to enter , when his unicorn snorted and suggested the obvious solution .
tr	NN	He turns down the stereo and takes his seat belt off .
tr	NNS	With one hand , she touched the heavy blinds .
tr	NN	Behind them they left pandemonium .
tr	NN	Sadie had stopped pacing , trying to comprehend what he was saying .
tr	NNS	Though they had no airships , Caldera had glorious and well-appointed seagoing vessels .
tr	NN	She came down a block from her house at the neighborhood park .
tr	NNS	He shoved the plates into the sink .
tr	NN	He had the welfare of Maeve Howard in mind , and that outweighed diplomacy .
tr	NNS	She gleefully rubbed her palms together .
tr	NNS	Instead of feeling steadier , she began feeling nauseous as well as dizzy .
tr	NN	It sends a sizzle of excitation coursing through my veins .
tr	NNS	After a few minutes of silent stretching , the two girls joined their teammates near the coach .
tr	NN	These authentic acts of gratitude inspire the manifestation of even more blessings and abundance in my life , for which I continue to act with appreciation .
tr	NN	He turned the iPod off and wound the wires around it tightly .
tr	NN	I gave him an affectionate pat on the wings as I began to smile again .
tr	NNS	Argon stepped forward , so close , inches away ; the intensity of his eyes burned bright in this dim place , and it frightened Thor .
tr	NN	The will to keep all her emotions stuffed away made Grace tremble .
tr	NN	Alec saw his father flinch .
tr	NN	Then I make an exaggerated gesture , like I 'm about to dart out from behind the trash bin .
tr	NNS	Reaching into his pocket , he pulled out a hundred dollars and pressed the bills into her hand .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry to call you so early , " his voice came through the receiver , not sounding the slightest bit apologetic .
tr	NNS	I would never take drugs . "
tr	NNS	She set Kate 's wineglass down on the floor and started for the door , just wanting to get out of there .
tr	NNS	" If you 've got the balls . "
tr	NN	And when he was anywhere near me , I completely lost the capacity to speak English .
tr	NN	" You 've brought us ... a tentacle ?
tr	NN	Apparently the Newberry employees were having a barbecue at their boss 's house .
tr	NNS	No new colonies means no prison planets to ship serious and repeat offenders to .
tr	NN	Megan sipped her italian soda , digesting the words as she stared at me strangely .
tr	NN	And he hadn 't even seen their extent yet .
tr	NNS	They sold quilts at the shop where Charles took his rockers and vanities , and Rose got the idea of making quilts for the shop to sell .
tr	NN	George had played college football at Purdue and had even been drafted by the Packers but decided to stay in school and pursue his doctorate instead .
tr	NN	I hear their excited snorts as they stop and turn to face him .
tr	NNS	We secured our packs and ran toward the door .
tr	NNS	A few jagged streaks of electricity abruptly knifed through the air in a spot just a few yards away from the group .
tr	NNS	The public debt hit one trillion dollars , and the American hostages in Iran were freed .
tr	NNS	Skipping two meals yesterday was one thing .
tr	NNS	She bared her fangs .
tr	NNS	Our sorcerers could simply lob fireballs into the rooms .
tr	NN	He called a nephew of the owner of the Rams , who answered the phone with an icy " I hope this is not about Dockery . "
tr	NNS	I heard no birds , either , and saw no life , not even a spider .
tr	NNS	In the yard itself , Ham took a few swings with his staff , then nodded .
tr	NN	Did you have an accomplice ?
tr	NN	There goes Jacob 's credibility .
tr	NNS	How I choose my victims ? "
tr	NN	And student council president . "
tr	NN	" We have a bargain . "
tr	NNS	Rebecca and Mom taught classes , made quilts , and ran the store .
tr	NNS	I exhaled shuddering breaths , embarrassed and exhausted .
tr	NNS	It turned its wheels .
tr	NN	I could almost see her frowning .
tr	NNS	You are fooling yourselves if you think we 'll hand her over to you blindly . "
tr	NN	Some people lie or seek revenge because the politician voted against a person 's favorite bill or law . "
tr	NNS	The uniformed policeman just behind him started backwards , almost falling down the stairs as he did so .
tr	NN	He took his c * ck out of my grip and pressed the wet , smooth tip against me .
tr	NNS	" Oh dear heavens , heavens no !
tr	NN	We can 't have a repeat of that . "
tr	NNS	Something about him gave me the creeps .
tr	NNS	" Come on , folks .
tr	NN	It made my heart squeeze tightly in my chest and I just wanted to fix this tiny problem .
tr	NNS	Since then , I see ghosts anywhere they might be hiding .
tr	NN	Send a craft into the unknown and look around .
tr	NN	Then he quickly finished a mouthful .
tr	NN	" From The Colony ? "
tr	NNS	Sometimes they 'll even say something wicked about you with nothing but kind words .
tr	NN	" I need a favor from you two . "
tr	NN	Hailey heard a small voice command , " Come to order .
tr	NNS	She still felt dizzy , and there was a strange , metallic taste in her mouth .
tr	NN	Ann draped her apron over the back of her chair and walked into the living room .
tr	NNS	Maybe he just wants his twenty dollars back .
tr	NN	I felt his arm squeeze around me playfully as we walked out onto dry land to get ready for our next run .
tr	NNS	" Dangerous powers . "
tr	NN	Several of the scientists matched Drake 's height and slightly strange looking appearance .
tr	NNS	Always running errands and hanging out with her history teacher . "
tr	NNS	Inside the building , a few officers were still carrying evidence items out to an identification van .
tr	NNS	They had filled four more pages , she and Livvy .
tr	NN	We have past precedent on our side .
tr	NNS	Then they parted ranks , and the three of them , carrying Kim , walked uphill toward the light at the end of the tunnel .
tr	NN	They ate in silence , her clean , soapy scent a live wire that connected them .
tr	NNS	He makes all his advanced classes read this book , Flatland . "
tr	NNS	But what I saw confirmed my fears .
tr	NNS	Did you get dizzy ?
tr	NN	" If I don 't do this procedure , then we create a paradox .
tr	NN	Nolte had a tower , but he thought it was a square one .
tr	NN	He needs a candle .
tr	NN	The arriving volunteer fire squad crowded the passageway as Spud suited up , and close behind them the usual throng was forming .
tr	NNS	So I did the honors .
tr	NNS	Surely no one would speak out evil lies against me .
tr	NNS	His fingers left bloody tracks as he was sucked into that black churning maw .
tr	NNS	Because while she 'd stopped loving him , she still loved those dogs .
tr	NNS	He picked up the deer in his big mouth and headed for the mountain .
tr	NN	" Follow me , honey . "
tr	NNS	Her smell filled his senses as he lowered the heavy bar to his chest and pushed it back up with her staring down at him from above .
tr	NNS	" They must have found the cameras . "
tr	NN	Kevin 's sooo jealous , he 's wiggling his tooth to make it looser . "
tr	NNS	I can drop any notions of her warming up to me just because I 'm a fellow American .
tr	NNS	" We know the old tales .
tr	NNS	I heard pans rattling in the kitchen as I passed .
tr	NNS	I sunk my fangs into his neck , and once I started , I couldn 't stop .
tr	NNS	But he may have powers we don 't know .
tr	NNS	Each could produce three actions - approach , withdrawal , and attack .
tr	NNS	He could pick millions of more attractive women than me . "
tr	NNS	She said , her face nearly inches from mine .
tr	NN	The Hermit swiveled the sail of the model sailboat , and the actual boom lurched sideways , batting the girl away .
tr	NNS	I 'll bring the gold coins back , hidden in the false bottom of the wagon .
tr	NNS	I 'm thinking up possible solutions . "
tr	NNS	They 'd arranged the dishes into groupings , so their customers could try small portions of several menu items at a time .
tr	NNS	" How did you get the scientists to go along with this ? "
tr	NN	Memories rose unbidden of the last time he had watched someone sleep .
tr	NNS	I remember your cold emptiness .
tr	NNS	For a moment I forgot the troubles we were running away from .
tr	NN	" What grade are you in ? "
tr	NNS	How do you like them apples , huh ? '
tr	NN	She shook the green linen napkin out in front of her and placed it on her lap .
tr	NNS	Her eyes shot daggers at me .
tr	NNS	When she blinked , her silver shadow threw sparkles over her lashes and caught the light .
tr	NNS	He allowed the reins to fall to the floorboards under his feet .
tr	NNS	Emily mentally computed the dates .
tr	NN	They followed a small , slower branch of the underground river and popped out of a lake like a couple of muskrats .
tr	NN	He kissed her temple .
tr	NN	The other would someday pick out the furniture for a corner office .
tr	NNS	Okay , she did have nice breasts , and a narrow waist , but she had ropes of muscle everywhere .
tr	NN	Frank and Mac recommended the location from a half dozen choices . "
tr	NN	He was letting his snout sprout , as she liked to say , allowing his nose and mouth to morph into the wolf form .
tr	NN	At four thirty a.m. I switch off the alarm clock and get up .
tr	NN	She flicked the soot off her arm and dressed .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers and swiveled to put my feet to the floor .
tr	NN	But when he turned to go , I caught a glimpse of his face .
tr	NNS	Wendell 's been sending texts , by the way .
tr	NNS	I cancelled my morning meetings , important meetings , for what ?
tr	NN	I still hadn 't reached my goal , whatever that was .
tr	NN	You deserve a medal , really , for what you did .
tr	NNS	" This place gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	She knew Lucius well enough to know he was holding back .
tr	NN	The memory of how perfect they felt against his made his body ache to hold her close and taste her again .
tr	NN	The right clothes will improve your credibility .
tr	NNS	He pumped four shots into each body but no blood came out .
tr	NN	Jimmy 's girlfriend , a local orchestra conductor , plumped a pillow on the sofa .
tr	NN	The Greeks had borne hunger .
tr	NN	The memory of peering over the edge of the cliff at the bauxite quarry last summer rose unbidden in her mind .
tr	NN	I double blink at that thought .
tr	NN	Only then did I notice the blood splatter on the wall to my right .
tr	NN	Once I have my hand inside I pass the branch through with the other hand .
tr	NNS	" As painful as Irony 's point was to prove , she does own the rights .
tr	NN	The purring sound of a cat has a therapeutic effect .
tr	NN	" Not too worry , I have always fancied a skylight in the main hall . "
tr	NN	Using his feline like body Scratch spun his limbs and contorted his spin , looping over the blade and missing its edge .
tr	NNS	But of course Samuel had seen the few white hairs and remarked on it .
tr	NNS	" I do have some interesting powers ; just try this one on for size . "
tr	NN	Without seeming to notice , he even adjusted his cravat back into perfect alignment as he sat down again .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't just shared her suspicions with Denver ; she 'd made up a story .
tr	NN	His arm gave us another squeeze .
tr	NN	" We 've all got a talent . "
tr	NNS	" Kerry , we 've always used condoms .
tr	NN	These impromptu groups slowed down the German advance , allowing time for the Allied reinforcements to arrive .
tr	NNS	Take up your complaints with the Almighty .
tr	NN	" Aye , we have a gentlemen 's accord .
tr	NNS	They wouldn 't just store crates like this where the contents are impossible to locate . "
tr	NNS	" We don 't need plates .
tr	NNS	Owner of many defense corp. giants and their subsidiaries ... he was rolling in the dough .
tr	NNS	* * * " Mom , do we have the ingredients to make cookies ? "
tr	NN	" Nobody said nothin ' , right ? "
tr	NN	How could you have kept such talent hidden from us for so long ! "
tr	NN	I do not doubt his loyalty just like I do not doubt yours . "
tr	NN	I can feel her pussy getting tighter and hotter , and I know she is going to come , but I need her taste .
tr	NN	Why had he shown her such sweetness when she knew that he despised her ?
tr	NN	The pet immediately pushed his snout against Travis 's hand , snuffling and begging to be petted .
tr	NNS	" We should get these dogs out for a tinkle .
tr	NN	She takes the corkscrew from me and proceeds to open the bottle .
tr	NN	Heavy metal music jarred his reverie , and he retrieved his caster .
tr	NN	She had made a hobby of interrupting Jared and I when we were fal ing in love .
tr	NNS	Perry can see the plates all over its body .
tr	NNS	" Normal , we have magical freaking powers .
tr	NN	I ignored Reid 's muffled snort from across the room .
tr	NNS	" At least she will bring up our test scores . "
tr	NNS	That way we could have lowered our expectations . "
tr	NNS	" Then I will lay down our terms .
tr	NN	He was ... blindingly beautiful , and wealthy , and my boss ; all really good reasons why we were not suitable .
tr	NN	I shove the bouquet into her face , forcing her to accept them .
tr	NNS	" Did they give you shots ? "
tr	NN	They make the bread soggy .
tr	NN	The moonlight dancing over the black waves invited his imagination to create familiar shapes .
tr	NNS	We 're all a little suspicious they were sticking their noses in our lives not too long ago .
tr	NNS	" Radioactivity , toxic chemical concentrations , unstable construction , predatory gangs -- " " And an ongoing breeding ground for more disease , " Conway added .
tr	NN	Hanging upside-down from the ceiling above them , like a grisly pinata , was a human body , rope binding its ankles .
tr	NN	Consider your last marker paid . "
tr	NN	Had he been whispering false advice to his King all this time ?
tr	NN	She could feel his hunger .
tr	NN	She moved the pencil swiftly , adding shadows .
tr	NN	The partaking at such a deep level had a mutual effect on him , too .
tr	NNS	" Monday mornings I have meetings .
tr	NNS	We drank a few more beers and played some cards .
tr	NNS	I had no doubts .
tr	NN	Liam took the pillow off his head , as it wasn 't keeping the noise out .
tr	NNS	" When did John ever have accidents ? "
tr	NNS	Gollum sent out a long hiss through his teeth .
tr	NN	Slamming the door behind her , Suzy let the curse words flow .
tr	NN	Richest female player anyway . "
tr	NN	Through her window I saw something glittering brightly on the hillside .
tr	NNS	He sank almost immediately , its black waters cutting off his anguished cry for help .
tr	NNS	Then he deftly changed positions again and took back the lead .
tr	NN	Mac had only one option .
tr	NN	She welcomed the frigid winter blast that met her through the room 's open windows .
tr	NNS	Lady Norton fluttered her eyelashes at him again .
tr	NNS	She deflected the powerful swings but lost her balance from the force .
tr	NN	When we get to his room , he punches the code to unlock the door and pulls me inside as he flips on the light .
tr	NN	I had the sudden urge to jump out of my seat and run .
tr	NNS	Sliding over , she lifted the covers and met his eyes .
tr	NNS	" Your conditions ? "
tr	NN	Her eyes were big and dark , her lovely features betraying an inner torment .
tr	NN	Raven could feel the human couple 's terror rising , approaching near madness .
tr	NNS	The thing only cost me ten dollars , but I would have paid a lot more than that just to see her smile .
tr	NNS	He held his swollen thumbs away from his hands as though they were painful , they twitched every so often .
tr	NNS	He was anxious in front of her , twiddling his thumbs , obviously afraid to ask her to heal him .
tr	NN	" We were just discussing that very topic on the way down to Butte .
tr	NNS	Only the officers patrolled the floors that housed the prisoners .
tr	NNS	I saw in the eyes a youthful octopus that just wanted to help and he felt good doing it .
tr	NNS	We were approaching the ruins of a city .
tr	NN	In return , my father took the jar of grape seed oil beside him and poured some over Wind 's head .
tr	NNS	Steam clung to his body , fogged up his insides , disarming him from the core .
tr	NNS	It will experience some cellular changes , but if you take care of yourself , you should repair much of the damage yourself .
tr	NNS	They 'll have all the roads blocked and the airport closed .
tr	NN	The owners apparently took their theme very literally , though I wasn 't sure how the rabbits fit in .
tr	NN	" I had no secret agenda , and I tried hard not to break any policy .
tr	NNS	We do not discuss our clients with other clients .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , gentlemen .
tr	NNS	Guests , even family guests , always alter domestic dynamics .
tr	NN	" They 're choosing a new mast from the trees here .
tr	NN	I place the vase so he can see it .
tr	NN	He brushed a stray blond curl from her face , tucking it behind the shell of her ear .
tr	NN	I dare not expect such success , yet I cannot bear to look on the reverse of the picture .
tr	NN	She heard an intake of breath down the phone and felt her happy mood drain away .
tr	NN	" So the guy made this humongous statue out of white plaster or something .
tr	NNS	But I have suspicions and I know that you 're sleeping in the same bed as ... as a prime suspect .
tr	NN	Sal , I met a bloke the other day , who talked about spiritual places and spirits .
tr	NN	I tossed the pillow back at her and laughed .
tr	NN	Working from an innate blueprint , it positioned each sticky strand as perfectly as the one before .
tr	NN	They attended a pig roast , a Hawaiian tradition that caught on in Michigan .
tr	NNS	Do you keep large cats or know someone who does ?
tr	NNS	Make arrangements with him to pass on information .
tr	NNS	With a woman like Julie , a guy didn 't get many chances .
tr	NNS	" Over 200 yards .
tr	NN	But in the reality ( not in the dreams ) , with the horror came the inconsolable grief .
tr	NN	Venkat took the summary and skimmed it .
tr	NN	I turned off the ignition and unfastened my seatbelt .
tr	NNS	Supposedly they raise cattle around here too , but I don 's see any .
tr	NN	From somewhere he pulled out a condom .
tr	NNS	" In spite of their obvious flaws , these people have been given countless opportunities to join our society .
tr	NNS	" We haven 't played cards in years . "
tr	NN	I pulled out one condom and joined him on the bed .
tr	NNS	Someone was increasing their efforts , and by bringing Rack demons into the mix , things would only get worse from here .
tr	NN	" I don 't remember Rupert 's predecessor very well .
tr	NNS	She had designs on more than that , but Saber was going to have to take a little time to figure out what .
tr	NN	Jade grabbed the basin from the floor and whipped it under his face just as a torrent of deep green erupted from his throat .
tr	NNS	Even worse , when he spoke , they made clicking noises like castanets .
tr	NNS	" I leave signals in secret places and then Noll or one of his men contact me .
tr	NN	The timely interruption diverted the flow of the conversation , allowing William to avoid commenting on Mary Ellen 's personal observation .
tr	NNS	I closed the blinds and then I got dressed and ready to go .
tr	NNS	" I own hotels .
tr	NN	" Noth - " " Pie a la mode .
tr	NNS	I didn 't need more complications .
tr	NN	' I never got that castle .
tr	NNS	Donovan entered two paces and bowed , waiting for Caesar 's welcome .
tr	NNS	The sound was drawing nearer , so our hero found the likeliest concealment he could see among the leafy branches of a tree .
tr	NNS	Gerard 's wife , Kathy , pulled weeds in the garden behind the house where Christophe was planting Carnations of many different colors .
tr	NNS	We cannot change the economic dynamics of the country .
tr	NNS	They haven 't got notions of takin themselves out of the world .
tr	NNS	She sensed new dimensions in her work , new layers that had not been there in the past .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have the twitches , the paranoia , the confusion ... She never spaced out into blank gazes .
tr	NNS	Facing two Norman armies and holding a Norman lord prisoner all at once would be a fine test of his leadership but how would he react ?
tr	NNS	Lucian sent the wolves back into the woods , scooped Jaxon into his arms , and glided back into the house , cradling her against his chest .
tr	NN	As I opened the front door I faced the realisation that I wouldn 't do any of these things .
tr	NNS	Can 't use your usual tricks on me ?
tr	NNS	He 'll have all the job cards over in his office . "
tr	NN	He missed the door frame and hit hard against the solid pane of glass .
tr	NN	She jumped the railing to the grass below .
tr	NN	The satisfaction of doing a job well hid my unease as each day also passed without me hearing from Mike .
tr	NN	said the strange looking bird in the tree .
tr	NN	I lifted the brew to my lips , waiting for the reporter to continue .
tr	NN	Nikolas screamed another command .
tr	NN	" Because you 're the one that killed my grandchild . "
tr	NN	I learned this lesson the hard way , and now , my darling , so have you . "
tr	NNS	They 've sent the dogs after her . "
tr	NN	Opening my mind , I embraced the ebony sheen .
tr	NN	" I can fix a motorcycle with a bobby pin but cars baffle me . "
tr	NNS	Increasing her movements , she rolled his balls with her free hand .
tr	NNS	Mike moved back several paces and motioned for me to throw him the ball again .
tr	NNS	She could hear the metal balls clanking on the concrete .
tr	NNS	Does he give you butterflies when you think about him ? "
tr	NNS	Get yourselves on the road . "
tr	NNS	She would croon sweet sounding moans in his ears and encourage him to hug her with all his might .
tr	NNS	" Por favor , make yourselves at ease . "
tr	NNS	She wiped away the tracks on her face , spat again to clear her mouth .
tr	NNS	I haven 't heard any complaints . "
tr	NNS	Now I experienced a true loneliness .
tr	NNS	He flexes his biceps and his six pack abs .
tr	NNS	Carmen takes several quick , shallow breaths .
tr	NN	BRP Iloilo received the distress massage of the mine hunter and immediately rushed to the site .
tr	NN	" I 'm not getting a ' view cam feed ' option . "
tr	NNS	" If their emergency systems are up , then they 've got cameras and should be able to see us at the entry .
tr	NNS	He didn 't even do dishes , just bought paper plates and tossed them in the trash when he finished eating .
tr	NNS	I could see all three cameras simultaneously .
tr	NN	" Not quite , I actually have a penchant for teasing people .
tr	NN	' I 'll get the piano player . '
tr	NN	She drew her Nine on the other man instead .
tr	NN	The landmass had desert at one end which turned into rocky brown mountains .
tr	NNS	' Ready the delay bombs . '
tr	NNS	She passed around some figures she 'd worked out over the past two days , many muttering with concern at what they saw .
tr	NN	With one quick motion he pulled the tape off that covered his mouth .
tr	NN	Ali felt something inside him move , she has a very complex personality , but decisive and mature for someone her age .
tr	NNS	" I like dogs .
tr	NN	Do not test our patience .
tr	NN	Nicholas removed the tape and handed it to the Judge .
tr	NN	He rolls a pen over the surface of his desk as if in deep thought .
tr	NNS	Cavalry rode up and down the county roads and searched a lot of the houses .
tr	NN	" Go get ' em , cowboy . "
tr	NN	Frowning , he twisted a dial on the side of the gun .
tr	NNS	" Tell him you love him , " Isabella added passionately , and Angela giggled .
tr	NNS	" I 'll buy some condoms tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	That will block most RF signals .
tr	NN	He 'll commission a statue , something garish with weeping angels .
tr	NN	As we 're having the picture taken , Vanessa pinches my butt .
tr	NN	He has no respect for anyone or anything , no concept of the way a gentleman is supposed to behave .
tr	NN	Lyssa felt a guilty pang of glee .
tr	NN	We have sent an announcement at each child 's birth , and never once have my parents come to see any of the children .
tr	NNS	I 'd always carefully reasoned through my actions , never acting on impulse .
tr	NN	So I did construction just to keep myself busy until I figured out what I wanted .
tr	NNS	In the mirror , he had seen the white marks where the demon 's fingers had squeezed .
tr	NNS	We played " Pretend " a lot , even into middle school . "
tr	NN	Carson stifled a groan .
tr	NNS	But Tom has no connections .
tr	NN	The other man took the scroll from her and carefully placed it back in its slot .
tr	NNS	Once again I had doubts about what I was doing .
tr	NNS	Her eyes scanned the items on display .
tr	NNS	" And how many armies have you seen ? "
tr	NN	Fortunately he soon found a patch of grass , just outside the tents , a place where no footfall had recently occurred .
tr	NN	- hopped with my strapped feet a little nearer to the edge .
tr	NNS	Planets sent delegates who lobbied him to visit their world , no doubt hoping to boast that the Chosen One had chosen them .
tr	NN	She thumps her knuckles against my shoulder , knocking me back .
tr	NN	Or have any privacy ? "
tr	NNS	I still hadn 't answered Jake 's attempts to contact me .
tr	NNS	A few minutes later , I set Bria 's plates in front of her , and she dug into her meal .
tr	NN	Goose bumps rose unbidden on my arms .
tr	NN	Rebecca had given him faith , because he needed to have faith .
tr	NNS	They found more cottages and more families .
tr	NN	" I 'll get a nurse . "
tr	NNS	Those eyes give me the creeps ... ' So what 's the job ? '
tr	NN	My heart gave an unpleasant twist .
tr	NN	If there 's a heterosexual woman or a gay man on the jury , I 'll never get a conviction . "
tr	NN	They know the Law of Nature ; they break it .
tr	NN	Lauren placed Trouble on the kitchen floor .
tr	NN	If it was something important , he 'd get no credit at all .
tr	NN	She slid the vial into her pocket .
tr	NN	I love their torment and want more screams .
tr	NNS	" Actually Michelle 's mother should be dropping Tess off soon . "
tr	NNS	This scene was triggering all sorts of bad memories for her .
tr	NNS	This way he can pay off several obligations and make several connections , all at once .
tr	NN	He retrieved a vial of milky white liquid from his pocket and handed it to me .
tr	NN	" You pierced the veil between the worlds . "
tr	NN	He felt the urge to eject the tape , throw it in the trashcan and set it on fire .
tr	NN	He knew this rifle .
tr	NN	You get the responsibility the person in the lead always has .
tr	NNS	She places her palms on the table that holds a display case full of glasses .
tr	NNS	She 'd never played cards much , but she was willing to learn , and Riley was tolerant with her lack of skill .
tr	NN	" You didn 't know the meaning ? "
tr	NNS	Brick responded whilst casually searching for his lost cheese .
tr	NNS	She shifted the goblets into order , squeezing in belladonna just before the goblet containing a lethal dose of oleander .
tr	NN	" Then once in the head , in case he 's wearing a vest . "
tr	NNS	I 've got dishes in the sink , the floor needs sweeping and Snoopy smells . "
tr	NN	I can 't believe a tax lawyer with no knowledge of guns could obtain one without registration or serial number .
tr	NN	Eve closed the trunk , revealing a man standing directly beside her car .
tr	NNS	Fred also opened six new stores under his own name .
tr	NNS	Ignoring a growing sense of unease , she took several photographs .
tr	NNS	I have assets that will be of - " " We know that . "
tr	NN	When it was knee high we reached the fork in the cave where I 'd stopped and worried about which fork to take .
tr	NNS	" You have had weekend trips home .
tr	NN	I put the long braid on top of the chest , brushing it once more with my fingers .
tr	NN	He had lost their respect , but not their admiration .
tr	NN	She takes the pen and rewrites the words .
tr	NNS	I control twelve such stations as this .
tr	NNS	One , Jesus told His disciples to tarry in the upper room until they received the power .
tr	NNS	Then he thought to Seer as he went back to preparing breakfast , " You didn 't mention the scratches . "
tr	NNS	The cubs echoed Dougal 's snarls and rushed at Ben , not holding back .
tr	NNS	" Lissa , show me your fangs . "
tr	NNS	" If you hurt her ... " " Hey , " the warrior said , palms up .
tr	NN	Might as well concede leadership to me now , save yourself the trouble . "
tr	NNS	Senator Sexton is taking bribes from private space agencies .
tr	NNS	Gavin didn 't use his new folding skills very often , but he used them now .
tr	NNS	He must have had ten beers and ten shots .
tr	NNS	" We 're discussing the finer points of raising pigs . "
tr	NN	The nightstand , beside her queen sized sleigh bed , held only an alarm clock .
tr	NNS	He was making a few changes to his operation .
tr	NNS	You have bikini shots . "
tr	NN	His expression sliced open my belly hemorrhaging heavily my insecurities and fears .
tr	NN	Brittany and I had kitchen duty and prepared our evening dinner .
tr	NN	I could haunt the girl 's dorm , or the great hall - And then it hit me .
tr	NN	He couldn , t think anymore , couldn , t analyze , couldn , t absorb .
tr	NN	Later that afternoon he delivered the crystal bird to Aunt Pol in her private apartment .
tr	NNS	I still want the hugs !
tr	NN	I sensed her shrug , and heard a soft breath of air pass through her mouth on a sigh .
tr	NN	" Here , I 'll get you your vest , Tris . "
tr	NN	The voice didn 't quite hide the ripple of anger beneath the mildly spoken words .
tr	NN	He checked out my outfit and smiled .
tr	NNS	Watchers , dressed in their black jumpsuits and army boots , herd the Colony members like sheep .
tr	NN	We don 't know the full extent of his powers . "
tr	NN	He could feel her betrayal just as easily as her soft lips against his .
tr	NN	" When the dome covered just part of the planet , the wind deposited soil on them , little by little .
tr	NNS	' I attend AA meetings .
tr	NN	My dirty socks and overall glazed expression didn 't invite much respect I guess .
tr	NN	He brushed his knuckles along her cheekbone , down the line of her jaw , touching the hollow of her throat .
tr	NN	As her nipple hardened under his touch , Lydia gave a soft moan .
tr	NN	" Listen , " Nick imagines the big fireman saying , gesturing at a nearby fire hydrant .
tr	NNS	Reporters shoved microphones at her face .
tr	NN	I 'll have a vodka tonic .
tr	NNS	I had the charcoal slacks that zipped up the side , the ones that made me look positively lanky .
tr	NNS	I pray something changes before then but whatever happens we will be ok . "
tr	NNS	Give me specifics , names and ages . "
tr	NNS	You send out all my Christmas cards ? "
tr	NN	She made a resolve to keep tabs on their heading and not to get lost .
tr	NNS	So instead they funded rebel factions with guns and other weapons to do their dirty work for them .
tr	NN	But they were told logic had nothing to do with it .
tr	NN	Watching pleasure expand her pupils and part her lips magnified every sensation .
tr	NNS	He had many chances of getting rid of me and yet here I am on a mission to find some jewel .
tr	NNS	" I brought with me a few pages from Louis ' log . "
tr	NN	He didn 't want pity , and he would sometimes refuse a customer when other drivers had been waiting longer than himself .
tr	NNS	I mean , I do read the gossip magazines like everyone else . "
tr	NN	Or was he seeking sanctuary in the old sense of the word ?
tr	NNS	She has no defenses .
tr	NN	He zipped the backpack and slung it onto his back .
tr	NNS	It opened its jaws and howled .
tr	NN	Dr. Sommers slid his file off to the side , as if deciding how much to say .
tr	NN	The page he held had written upon it a handful of letters .
tr	NN	Now I have a real hangover to contend with .
tr	NNS	He left the First Lord 's suites and walked slowly into the north hall .
tr	NN	He then untied the rope from his waist and tied it off to a column before pulling himself back to the pool .
tr	NN	Do a sweep to be sure , but she said it 's all in her head .
tr	NN	But instead , he suffered a painful punishment , just for you . "
tr	NN	came a shout from Zack .
tr	NNS	Panting and trying not to drool , I drove my fangs into the soft delicate skin and moaned .
tr	NN	I swallowed my mouthful of chicken , most of it anyway .
tr	NNS	Gray yanked out weeds with controlled savagery .
tr	NNS	Other points , she had dry spells of no tears where she stared at the white fiberglass enclosure .
tr	NNS	" They didn 't give specifics , just said she 'd been depressed , progressively more so .
tr	NN	I check the cal er ID .
tr	NNS	" Have our trips to the future left no impression on your brain ?
tr	NNS	A fireplace filled one wall , another held shelves with flasks and containers holding untold things .
tr	NN	He dropped the needle into the black water .
tr	NN	I grunted my annoyance .
tr	NN	I didn 't give him cancer .
tr	NNS	He descended another four floors , meaning he 'd come down 10 from when he had begun keeping count .
tr	NNS	Then the mechanic brought out some jumper cables , and hooked them onto the battery .
tr	NNS	I take several deep breaths .
tr	NNS	He passed the two jet engines of the near wing .
tr	NN	But it might have the opposite effect . "
tr	NN	The broker had just the airplane .
tr	NN	This boy had the most startling coloring she 'd ever seen .
tr	NN	She swallowed down a lump in her throat and balled her hands into fists at her sides .
tr	NN	My ears picked up the soft patter of raindrops and it joined the drone of staplers , squeaky wheels , and uninteresting chatter .
tr	NN	I felt her electricity pulsing wildly inside mine and I consciously covered hers completely with my magic , claiming her as mine .
tr	NN	He would capture the Falcon and his star would be bright enough to see even in the day , even in the light of the Empress .
tr	NNS	Jack pulled the covers up over them and wrapped her in his arms and legs , snuggling closer to her as they lay together in bed .
tr	NNS	And now , to add to his long list of sins , he had viciously , joyously eliminated an enemy using her as his guide .
tr	NNS	For lunch we can make steaks , drink the Red Bull and have ice cream for dessert .
tr	NN	" I need an outfit that 'll make a man rue the day he - " " Say no more . "
tr	NN	Smith 's threats held her captive .
tr	NNS	He opened the envelopes and carefully counted the money .
tr	NN	" You shall have your trial . "
tr	NN	The broken one from the other side had no effect here .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to look around .
tr	NNS	" I have work obligations so we delayed our island getaway . "
tr	NNS	The time he 'd accidentally interrupted several wolves feeding on an elk , for instance .
tr	NNS	Julienne laughed , heedless of the scandalized eyes that watched them cross the dance floor .
tr	NNS	I should ignore their taunts , walk fast and keep my back straight , but my curiosity gets the best of me .
tr	NNS	I 've been keeping tabs on you . "
tr	NNS	Fellows disliked arrogant doctors who presumed ahead of the facts , but in this case , the man was probably right .
tr	NNS	" This will stop all broken hearts , including yours . "
tr	NN	Once he had the water regulated , he opened the curtain and let her enter first .
tr	NNS	Finally , with a heave of his body , he hauled Kane aboard .
tr	NNS	She didn 't see the ghosts .
tr	NNS	Zane took deep , calming breaths and tried to push past his whirlwind of thoughts to find a point of clarity .
tr	NN	I grab the doorknob and am about to twist it open when I remember that they 're newlyweds .
tr	NNS	Screams and moans accompanied the whispered prayers , but Gregori stood his ground , unflinching .
tr	NN	" We 'll fashion a litter and carry him back .
tr	NNS	Abby licked bread crumbs from her fingers .
tr	NN	She must 've had some inkling that it was serious , or she wouldn 't have gone to such pains to avoid the local doctor .
tr	NN	Connors entrance made no disturbance and he quickly scanned the bathroom for an exit .
tr	NNS	I could feel my balls tightening up , my body long since wanting to come , but instead I lifted her off me .
tr	NNS	Had I been more self-aware , I might have detected the stares following my entrance and the quizzical glances exchanged .
tr	NN	She taught me how to count to ten in Italian and say , I 'd like another slice of pizza , please .
tr	NNS	I laid my cards out on the table .
tr	NN	Are you okay , honey ?
tr	NN	But how to explain her behaviour ?
tr	NN	A flower blossomed in her face and its beauty made her quake .
tr	NNS	" Do we have the necessary supplies ?
tr	NN	Pike eases his rifle off his shoulder , jabbing me in the side with his elbow .
tr	NN	I can see the little bugger looking out at me .
tr	NN	I picked up another tie clip and examined it as if it were a long-lost archaeological relic .
tr	NN	Bill snatched the pizza from his hands and climbed down the companionway stairs .
tr	NNS	Six All through the week , Jesse sends me texts and emails .
tr	NNS	I checked the candles .
tr	NN	When he raised his head again she was looking contrite .
tr	NNS	I 've got libraries in my blood .
tr	NN	Perry took his right wing and wrapped it around the little witch , pulling her into his chest and giving her a warm bird hug .
tr	NN	" He 's been increasing his payroll of mercenaries .
tr	NN	What proof have you got ?
tr	NN	This town had no patch of sanity .
tr	NN	Selena didn 't fancy that option as well -- she had her reasons to dislike bags that can fit something more than her make-up .
tr	NN	But I watched that video over and over .
tr	NN	" I don 't know the location of Pox 's farm .
tr	NN	She laid the lab .
tr	NNS	She took three deep breaths , calmed her nerves , and slipped away into the tunnel , down and through into the underground channels .
tr	NN	Simon hadn 't mentioned the topic , which wasn 't too encouraging .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of an ankle bracelet , as well as several toe rings on her bare feet .
tr	NNS	Neither had seen cave dwellers as they were taboo because of their dark , evil ways .
tr	NN	He saw her glare at him just the way his sister used to but still had no idea what she was so wound up about .
tr	NNS	She 's mobilized the witches in Palm Springs .
tr	NN	Another sweep of icy emotion tiptoed up her spine .
tr	NNS	" Nothing can compromise our efforts , now with so much at stake . "
tr	NN	Like the outside , the inside had a clean minimalist design .
tr	NN	I endured his scowl for a long time .
tr	NN	Sitting beside him , equally wrapped up in the cold , sat his great-grandfather .
tr	NN	" Show Woods some respect !
tr	NN	The idea came unbidden and seemed impossible .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods for MYTH 's well-stocked supply room .
tr	NN	We don 't usually get such a long stretch of settled weather as the last few days .
tr	NNS	We drive several blocks , and I point to the Salvation Army parking lot .
tr	NN	One of Tara 's babies wore a pink cap , the other a blue .
tr	NNS	" Where did you get the steroids , Dario ? "
tr	NNS	" But you didn 't find any scorned lovers . "
tr	NNS	Speechless , I was knocked breathless by her accusation .
tr	NNS	She did several flips in the air , swerving and twirling the broom , going higher and higher , touching the clouds .
tr	NN	" You could have brought greatness to your world , but instead you chose to keep things exactly the same . "
tr	NN	I added ' football star ' .
tr	NN	Ryan held the small package between his thumb and index finger , and ripped the corner off with his teeth .
tr	NNS	No one noticed the marks on the door behind them .
tr	NN	She couldn 't keep the smirk off her face at the thought .
tr	NNS	Emma , you 've met Rhys . "
tr	NN	I rubbed the towel over my face and through my hair .
tr	NN	" Did I tell you I 'm getting my own assistant ? "
tr	NN	" Unfortunately , as with most developing civilisations , you also developed mistrust .
tr	NNS	I have the funds . "
tr	NN	So on Friday night , Steve sent an email to Mr. Anonymous .
tr	NNS	Told him I had some family issues to work on , wife and I working out custody .
tr	NN	" Bash is no longer considered a suspect .
tr	NNS	I tried all sorts of unlocking spells , common and rare , with no luck .
tr	NNS	I can 't believe my own actions .
tr	NN	Katherine embraced her uncle , whose coloring had greatly improved .
tr	NN	Their offers would include a sizeable sum settled on this estate .
tr	NN	And I haven 't had a proper bath in months . "
tr	NNS	" Then I have the food supplies to analyze . "
tr	NNS	They have large ships , so they 'll come by sea rather than marching overland .
tr	NN	We used up ammo , but also found some while scavenging , along with additional food and a few other treasures .
tr	NN	He didn 't try to save me , he just pointed out my potential and laid out the roadmap .
tr	NN	I followed the culprit , tried to catch him before he could get away with the information . "
tr	NN	The man at the gate wore a matching uniform .
tr	NNS	Alex 's research turned up reports of female body parts found in the desert east of Roswell .
tr	NN	My outburst made her blink , and I clenched my fists , imagining a world where the fey ran wild , unrestrained .
tr	NN	" Turn your disgust into rage and your rage into action .
tr	NN	I threw caution to the wind and thought ' What the hell ' Then I kissed him .
tr	NNS	Old houses are living museums , " she said passionately .
tr	NN	Carmela stood and went behind the curtain .
tr	NNS	" And how do you explain the grass stains on your dress ? "
tr	NN	Nike snuggled the little bat in her wings until she could calm down .
tr	NNS	Hope you like salad sandwiches ?
tr	NNS	" I have a few tricks left . "
tr	NNS	" You don 't know your own strengths , babe . "
tr	NN	Their journey north since then did not need much detail , and he also left out the bandits .
tr	NN	The soldier hurried up the ramp of the nearby craft .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to look back at the driver and Hank before climbing inside .
tr	NNS	We will want the patrols to be on the lookout for him .
tr	NNS	Bullets tore chunks out of the boulders just over their heads .
tr	NNS	" We 're playing cards . "
tr	NNS	Our server set the plates in front of us -- lobster tails , filet mignon , scallop potatoes , and asparagus .
tr	NN	Through lids growing heavier by the second , I get a glimpse of whatever 's doing this to me .
tr	NNS	" When she dropped off the dogs , nothing more after that . "
tr	NN	" I got the impression Ms. Corbyn lacks the maturity of her physical age .
tr	NN	He could see no trap so he took three of her men .
tr	NNS	Or maybe it releases some particular chemicals .
tr	NN	I didn 't know anybody and felt no need to schmooze .
tr	NN	" What era do you think we are in ? "
tr	NNS	I have areas where I worry , too .
tr	NNS	He lent us a thousand dollars , much more than anyone else .
tr	NNS	Adjust firing solutions as directed by Ares fire control .
tr	NNS	Oleg had heard several versions of it before and frankly had gotten fed-up with it .
tr	NN	I snatch a fish out of the water and suck its life away .
tr	NNS	" Did you see Alexis ? "
tr	NNS	" Steel helmet " turned up more than seven million pages .
tr	NNS	Both have inlaid gems . "
tr	NN	Now she had this anomaly attending her class .
tr	NN	A library search and a tip from Mr. Anonymous turned up this gem . "
tr	NNS	He had few points of reference himself , having grown up in an orphanage .
tr	NNS	Michelle looked dizzy already .
tr	NN	People didn 't escort Death .
tr	NNS	I pushed the two ripe globes together , testing them , kneading firmly to be sure they could handle what I was planning .
tr	NN	He couldn 't stop the bleeding , could only stare in baffled astonishment at the hellish damage .
tr	NN	Ransom heard her sharp intake of breath and then she went silent .
tr	NN	" Yes , well ... " He said , a smirk at the corner of his mouth .
tr	NNS	" To attack the rig workers .
tr	NNS	Professor Dylan told the other professors that you saved him .
tr	NNS	I seek blood stains within the dark polished wood .
tr	NN	" Styx possesses a fierce measure of loyalty toward vampires .
tr	NNS	Waiting patiently while a man wearing a studded leather jacket purchased a few items ahead of them , Ashe totaled snack items in his head .
tr	NNS	I stuff the ten dollars back in my pocket .
tr	NNS	I cannot use my powers on him .
tr	NN	He kissed my temple .
tr	NNS	Ordinarily , the FBI had capture teams for situations like this .
tr	NN	Pressing his palm to the tiled wall , Zeke let the warm water cascade down his skin .
tr	NNS	His hands pushed her thighs apart , moved up to find the buttons of her shirt , slowly slipping each button free .
tr	NNS	" When this was a hotel , " Jace said slowly , " they must have gotten their deliveries here .
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers up to hide herself and then sat still as he finished with the pins .
tr	NNS	" Well , we 've got seeds .
tr	NN	If he closed his eyes , he could still see the twitch of her hips , the tangled mass of hair whipping around in the breeze .
tr	NN	He stripped off his school uniform guessing the drunken troll , the ogre , would be back soon .
tr	NN	She quickly grabbed a towel and covered herself .
tr	NNS	He sets the pots down onto the ground , his forearms muscular and tan .
tr	NN	He stopped pacing , and she could feel his eyes burning a hole through her skull .
tr	NN	A robot obeys its code of laws because it has no choice but to obey .
tr	NN	I 'd actually chosen my outfit with care , knowing I 'd be able to hide the weapons I might need with relative ease .
tr	NNS	He grew dizzy and felt himself heaving .
tr	NNS	The roots of one of these old ones would likely bring as much as ten thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	He wore sandals made of wood and rope .
tr	NNS	Simon fired two more shots into the crocodile 's stomach before it disappeared under the water .
tr	NN	I don 't have a prayer of getting inside the Fit and starting the engine before it 's on me .
tr	NNS	I 've taken off the samples and the rest of it is in the holding stores . "
tr	NNS	She 'd changed the spells to that a thrust of the sword would release the souls , not enslave them .
tr	NNS	They 'd excavated the ruins out from the valley 's center , exposing an enigmatic alien cathedral the size of a city block .
tr	NN	Eli dismounted the Mog and stood in front of them .
tr	NNS	The silence speaks volumes .
tr	NN	Just as Desmond stood up to move to the companionway , a large roller wave hit the stern of the boat .
tr	NNS	By some miracle , they 'd escaped the dinosaurs ... would they now have to fight these creatures ?
tr	NN	Dennis touched his temple experimentally and examined the tips of his fingers .
tr	NNS	" I mean , " I added when he didn 't say anything , " you already know these spells , right ? "
tr	NN	" We had already made the breakthrough we had been seeking . "
tr	NNS	I held the reins , not my submissive .
tr	NN	" You didn 't get a ribbon ? "
tr	NN	He turned the stereo on and flipped the switch so that he could listen to the speakers outside .
tr	NN	He says a brief goodnight and heads upstairs .
tr	NN	" When I saw you at that fundraiser , it was like seeing my destiny .
tr	NNS	The back wall had four large shelves stacked high with food .
tr	NN	Erin looked paler than he 'd ever seen her .
tr	NN	About a mile from the main house , Mandy noticed a broken fence wire .
tr	NNS	" I placed the items inside a pocket of air . "
tr	NNS	She got two plates from the cupboard and set them on the table .
tr	NNS	Petition the gods ? "
tr	NN	Jeff , as well as the other servers , knew the drill .
tr	NN	She pulls off the highway and starts winding through roads that I know will take us to some very expensive homes .
tr	NN	I could hear bones crunch .
tr	NN	They have a castle and I always thought it would make a romantic trip . "
tr	NN	Later , a well-acted and dashing rescue fuels her misguided infatuation and she follows him .
tr	NN	She fought back the urge to scream .
tr	NN	He was dragging the soil to one end of the coffin with the head of his shovel , exposing the wooden top .
tr	NN	Kicking the spring loaded screen door open and before it could close made a dash for the pathway .
tr	NNS	They pulled their chairs into a small circle as they caught up with each others ' news .
tr	NNS	If they act up or cause trouble , they may be doing their final assignments from home .
tr	NN	Mother Nature had given the world a bath .
tr	NNS	Just the vampire basics . "
tr	NNS	" Riki -- " " And thank you for the clothes as well , " Neil continued desperately .
tr	NNS	" Everything looks monotonous . "
tr	NN	JJ drops the pen on the table and looks up at me .
tr	NN	" The Cursed One did not deserve our dedication !
tr	NNS	Yes , people will suffer losses but they will remember the pain and be more conservative with their money in the future . "
tr	NNS	Upset by what she 'd read , Susannah flipped the pages to another section .
tr	NNS	She suddenly remembered the designs Todd had mentioned she should show to Drake Harrison and jumped on that as an easy excuse to step back slightly .
tr	NN	She missed his answering growl because it was then Queen Sonia slid into an abandoned sleep .
tr	NNS	I concentrated my efforts on assorted illusions .
tr	NN	" I respect the consciousness which brought Me into your awareness .
tr	NN	It smelled faintly of aniseed .
tr	NNS	A Boy Scout crowd if I ever saw one , next to me sat a flip flopped local with a tee-shirt advertising a bar .
tr	NN	" Please clarify your location .
tr	NNS	I 've had three pints .
tr	NN	You hold the fate of all your friends in the palm of your hand .
tr	NNS	Jimmy jumped backwards and blocked one of their blows .
tr	NN	" Don 't be angry - You have the King 's favor .
tr	NNS	It 's pouring buckets out there , but at least the weather is good for keeping the Inquisition presence sparse on the streets .
tr	NNS	What other items must you drag forth and force me to ponder ? "
tr	NNS	As the vamps fell back she allowed the molecules in her body to flow like water to the tips of her fingers .
tr	NNS	" I don 't give very good verbal directions .
tr	NN	Or more specifically , she didn 't like the implication that she was putting her happiness in another human being 's hands .
tr	NN	" Could one of you at least get a pillow and blanket for him ? "
tr	NN	" Actually , I 've eliminated almost nobody .
tr	NNS	Curiosity piqued inside him as the pair went by , capturing hearts like some people pick up fleas .
tr	NN	Her son kept the postcard .
tr	NNS	I pulled up the blinds and squinted through the glass , resting my hands on the sill .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to grab him and run my tongue along his teeth .
tr	NNS	Unsure whether she should follow the woman back to the sofa where she 'd retreated , or stay where she was , Lorelei surveyed her surroundings .
tr	NN	Immediately to the right of the entrance sat the receptionist .
tr	NNS	Saw the faint bite marks on Keith 's neck .
tr	NN	His hands skimmed around my ribcage to my back , found the hooks and , in a snap , had them undone .
tr	NN	The yearbook she 'd gotten to help find her dad 's twin .
tr	NN	She gave Katherine a quick squeeze before she turned to Taylor .
tr	NN	I observed the bar terrace almost empty at that hour , and I took a seat at a round table , felting the sea breeze .
tr	NN	" I 've learned my lesson , Mairi .
tr	NNS	Marc wouldn 't win any brownie points with my mother by running me over . "
tr	NN	" Just keep your head high , honey . "
tr	NN	When I slowly exhaled , my heated breath formed vapor that drifted around my nose and mouth .
tr	NN	The crow tipped its beak .
tr	NN	A few of my friends , colleagues and relatives touched the coffin to convey their last salute to my body .
tr	NN	" Slow down , honey . "
tr	NN	" Why do I have the impression you 're looking at me but you aren 't seeing me ? "
tr	NNS	The Fem lets out a viral hiss and dissipates in a wall of vapors .
tr	NNS	The head of a Roman family had legal rights in the lives of all in his household .
tr	NNS	Piano and dance classes ?
tr	NNS	The girls ' backtracking had worked wonders , and if we could outsmart these things with more trickery , I was all for it .
tr	NN	The sight of all that blood makes my stomach heave .
tr	NNS	I pull out the dishes as retribution for the thoughtless act of leaving what amounts to a Thanksgiving feast .
tr	NN	" Even you don 't believe that crap .
tr	NNS	I ask and bat my eyelashes .
tr	NN	I understood his grief and sat beside him .
tr	NN	She pulled with one hand the sweeping curtain to reveal the sunlight .
tr	NN	He puts down the shoe and looks at me seriously .
tr	NN	After a moment 's hesitation , she hit the release and fell .
tr	NNS	I could be receiving lies in return .
tr	NNS	Across the camp , another arrival banged aluminum cook pans together , as if they were metal paddles .
tr	NN	" Remember our ten-year reunion ? "
tr	NNS	- We , as you already know , have some powers .
tr	NNS	He had the directions to where we were going on his phone , but when I asked to be navigator he said no .
tr	NN	After that , Jordan wanted a bath and his own clothes .
tr	NN	Still , she couldn 't discount the possibility that King Bobby would track her via the Crown Chandler Hotels .
tr	NN	Dread slid up her spine and burst in her head , followed by an eerie sense of calm .
tr	NN	They give some protection in a tavern brawl ; mine was in my hand now .
tr	NN	He unfolded a pocket fork out of a clasp knife he took from his pocket and sat down , eyes bent on his meal .
tr	NN	Lucan 's actions impact the entire Breed nation now .
tr	NN	Before she could say yay or nay , or anything else for that matter , Gannon gave her a mighty shove down the hill .
tr	NN	They removed the oath after . "
tr	NN	Suddenly short of breath , he had an overpowering urge to rip off his mask and head for the nearest exit .
tr	NN	In all honesty , she designed the scheme and I said yes . "
tr	NN	Though the picture would be much improved if we stripped her first , " he said , a leer in his voice .
tr	NNS	I watched pillars of smoke reach into the air , creating a bridge from the earth to the heavens .
tr	NNS	That boy had skills .
tr	NNS	Not that you 'll be needing those antiques anymore , but I don 't mind . "
tr	NNS	Claire planted her palms on the bed and pushed herself up on the pillows .
tr	NNS	I bat my eyelashes innocently .
tr	NN	He viewed opera as a garish and vulgar spectacle .
tr	NN	I hereby grant my men immunity until this investigation is concluded . '
tr	NN	He tore open the wrapping on the big blueberry muffin and began eating .
tr	NN	She made a weak gesture to indicate the confines of her room .
tr	NNS	She had contacts on every planet .
tr	NN	The clear air and low Arctic sun revealed the extent of the devastation .
tr	NN	He no longer wore a beard .
tr	NN	I probably shouldn 't be sharing this detail with you , but considering what just happened , you 're going to be told anyway .
tr	NN	She only wore a tight white camisole and a pair of panties .
tr	NN	It couldn 't be quit cold turkey for a week and then go straight back to downing the pills .
tr	NN	They lowered a rope .
tr	NNS	Beth brought several lamps to make up for the limited natural light filtering through the windows , and a manicure and pedicure kit .
tr	NNS	Her mother carries cups of dessert on an oven tray .
tr	NNS	I 've been called frigid and broken and cold , all sorts of things .
tr	NN	How can you have faith in the Lord and not in His words ?
tr	NN	" Gray , I 've got a hair appointment near your town house .
tr	NNS	" So you don 't have any objections ? "
tr	NNS	Satan was sending reinforcements .
tr	NNS	I took two more deep breaths .
tr	NN	Vanessa had a dimple in her left cheek , the same as Garrett 's .
tr	NN	They actually lessened the knot of panic in my gut .
tr	NN	He poured a tasteless liquid into Kane 's mouth .
tr	NNS	You should conserve your waters . "
tr	NNS	I 'll just rip your balls off later . "
tr	NNS	I set up three full blocks to the south of his residence .
tr	NN	Kate grabbed the towel at the last minute and covered herself up but was thrilled as Carlo walked purposefully towards her stateroom .
tr	NNS	The mind plays tricks .
tr	NNS	She then used her energy turrets to force the fleet to land on their respective planets .
tr	NN	Sylva began the dangerous climb down to her bat .
tr	NN	" Don 't give the devil too much credit .
tr	NN	Someone had bought a huge supply of them .
tr	NN	She noticed a brooding quality in his expression , which surprised her .
tr	NNS	I would rather we take our chances and try to find our own way , even if it means making one or two wrong turns . "
tr	NN	Over Will 's shoulder I caught a glimpse of something black in the corner of the room .
tr	NNS	" To do as you ask would require two trips .
tr	NN	This has a sobering effect on all of us .
tr	NNS	I put my chopsticks down on my plate .
tr	NN	I push aside the curtain , dropping the pile of my old apparel before him .
tr	NNS	These storms can bring some surprises sometimes ! "
tr	NNS	Some of those Eddie took hearts from attempted recovery .
tr	NN	It certainly had never given me the impression of a childhood home .
tr	NNS	She put three plates on the counter .
tr	NN	" What language is that ? "
tr	NN	But she also heard the underlying lust in those two words .
tr	NN	I could barely contain my fury .
tr	NN	Gill folded his menu .
tr	NNS	" And where do the assemblers make the final molecules ? "
tr	NN	" You prefer execution ? "
tr	NNS	You don 't think Lana wonders whether the life choices she has made are right ?
tr	NN	She heard his quick intake of breath and felt his palm on her breast .
tr	NN	Frustrated , Sage conceded defeat .
tr	NNS	He had visions of chasing away a horde of armed security guards , dodging their bullets and dragging her limp body to safety .
tr	NN	Miriam vaguely heard the maid mutter to herself , " Indian tea , and black coffee , and a pot of chocolate .
tr	NNS	We have two completely conflicting models of the same person .
tr	NNS	I snagged two beers from the fridge , downed one , then set the empty on the counter .
tr	NNS	We cloaked our scents , so you never knew we were ... at that lake .
tr	NN	I inspected the tower for some time .
tr	NNS	It 's easy at first , doing the good deeds with Marceline 's guidance .
tr	NN	" I have already taken command of his men . "
tr	NNS	She streamed the visions into my head and that 's how I got the job done . "
tr	NNS	After , they packed up their small supplies and buried what had been their fire pit .
tr	NNS	I felt butterflies in my stomach and wished we could have had some more time together .
tr	NN	With a big smile , he said , " I won the Philadelphia Inquirer 's writing contest ! "
tr	NN	They found the farm before they found the village .
tr	NN	There came a brief red glare .
tr	NNS	As she watched , she saw clouds of dust billowing forth from the mountain .
tr	NNS	I finished my prayers that night and lay in my bed .
tr	NN	You give your patients a safe haven within their own consciousness .
tr	NN	Sometimes he brings me a fish for my big tank . "
tr	NN	But then her hand brushed his upper thigh as she reached for a napkin and he nearly went through the roof .
tr	NN	He watched the water spill over the sides of the red plastic cup and dribble down his wrist .
tr	NN	He opened the trunk and retrieved the time device , stuffing it into the leg pocket of his cargo pants , then pulled out his laptop bag .
tr	NNS	He set his palms down on the mattress , then his knees , crawling toward her in a luscious display of masculine strength and agility .
tr	NNS	" You 're still you , " it comes out breathless .
tr	NNS	She took the fanned marks and counted them twice .
tr	NN	She didn 't bother answering .
tr	NNS	Yes , the females had breasts , but withered ones , which were nearly not noticeable to some extent .
tr	NN	The thought of his body in a fighter 's outfit created a tingling in my lower abdomen .
tr	NNS	The recent rains had released rich scents from the ground .
tr	NN	" I play tennis and I 'm dying . "
tr	NNS	The sound had a snarl , it had talons .
tr	NNS	Neither did the professors that I asked .
tr	NN	I had their chief of security and one of their techs work with me on this . "
tr	NN	He swallowed a lump in his throat .
tr	NN	Mia was surprised and followed her classmate .
tr	NN	I could hear the book cart slamming into corners as she rolled it along from shelf to shelf .
tr	NNS	He hates any distractions at that time .
tr	NN	Then Katherine heard cries and screams that were filled with so much agony , they made her tremble .
tr	NN	She loved the contrast between her fair skin and his olive tones .
tr	NN	" Isn 't Inez a vice president or something ?
tr	NN	She tucks the hair net away in her pocket and shakes out her curly dark hair .
tr	NN	Earlier , whilst driving , he 'd hidden Tequila 's dagger in the back rest and Cameron 's tracker device in the lining of the passenger seat .
tr	NN	Father grudgingly handed him the scroll .
tr	NN	The elevator began a smooth descent .
tr	NNS	The Hunters had preferred knives and clubs .
tr	NNS	Then came the requests : Here !
tr	NNS	His babbling had apparently scored some points .
tr	NNS	" Okay , obviously , I have my suspicions , but my talent is kind of dicey when it comes to this sort of thing . "
tr	NN	I picked up the pistol .
tr	NN	He climbed the ridge and sat on a stump , waiting for her to catch up .
tr	NNS	The hall held only a few servants , but the grand , curving staircase was crowded .
tr	NNS	Brianna was so surprised , she didn 't have her defenses in place .
tr	NNS	As she watched , it moved nearer .
tr	NN	The creature looked sheepish .
tr	NNS	' Goodbye chaps ! '
tr	NNS	" We have nursing students , too .
tr	NNS	Maybe her imagination was playing tricks on her .
tr	NNS	I collect two hundred dollars a week , and I barely get by .
tr	NN	I pushed off my swing , my wings catching the air under me and pushing me up .
tr	NN	Archie started a gentle climb as the foothills got steeper and grew into mountains .
tr	NNS	She took a few figurines , put them back into her basket , and hid it under the stand .
tr	NNS	He set the pans down , and then suddenly saw what Sam was doing .
tr	NNS	" Elliott and I did the floors . "
tr	NNS	The surrogates refused then the moon folks murdered them , " when gasps from the teens invade the room .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , my weapon only carried six shots .
tr	NN	A few days of people eagerly agreeing with everything you said would have that effect on even more mature minds .
tr	NN	Neil could still feel her fingernails digging into his arms as she fought not to slip away , and the memory left him shaking all over .
tr	NN	I hated that nickname .
tr	NN	" Ill Wind is planning another operation .
tr	NN	He had a forked beard and wore an old-fashioned suit with a bow tie .
tr	NNS	" And hit points out the ass . "
tr	NNS	" She was putting up bricks , John .
tr	NNS	Uncle Nick listed bands including The Beatles and The Shadows plus some less famous acts .
tr	NNS	So our friend Drake did have persuasion skills .
tr	NNS	My heart picked up a few paces and Lucan reached over to grasp my hand .
tr	NNS	What new developments have there been in this " science " of travel ?
tr	NNS	My mouth spoke the expected responses , but my thoughts , and eyes , were on Janet .
tr	NNS	" I 've got schematics of the device they 've got installed in their brains ! "
tr	NN	I can offer you protection and by working together we could solve this faster . "
tr	NN	But you had no proof , no basis for accusing him .
tr	NN	Nadine immediately pealed off the duct tape from over her mouth .
tr	NNS	Immediately I felt nauseous .
tr	NNS	Of course they were both bringing dates .
tr	NNS	I penetrated the outermost fringes of the procession .
tr	NN	Find the ignition wire .
tr	NNS	Natalie made her excuses and disappeared into the crowd .
tr	NN	He twisted the knob .
tr	NNS	At that point , he wouldn 't have enough chores for her to do .
tr	NNS	After regaining his footing , he directed his attentions away from bull jumping and had gone straight to bull fighting .
tr	NNS	They blended genetics from animals , humans , and other Shifters to create the perfect Shifters , but ones obedient to human wills .
tr	NNS	" Why do I hafta make babies ? "
tr	NNS	Finally , Paulette had the necessary elements needed to make her story a successful one .
tr	NNS	" Sorry , sugar , I can 't find any olives .
tr	NN	I noticed Alexander 's smirk out of my peripheral vision , and then like smoke , he vanished .
tr	NNS	Based on the experience of your crew and capability of your craft , we 've assigned the specific planets your team should focus on .
tr	NN	he spat out a tooth .
tr	NNS	This one hit the explosives .
tr	NNS	He went over a few more issues , told me when to come back , and then asked if we had any questions .
tr	NNS	" Why did they hit only four offices ? "
tr	NN	With lightning speed , Jason drops the empty magazine , grabs a fresh clip from his belt and jams it into the handle .
tr	NN	He 'd dress his tall six foot frame with meticulously pressed clothes .
tr	NNS	As they passed a hill , in the distance Thor could see all the Legion members on a field , breaking their backs as they dug trenches .
tr	NNS	" Your sister had no complaints last night . "
tr	NNS	Eight minutes to save billions of lives .
tr	NNS	" So you 're on speaking terms again .
tr	NNS	Those of the Forest unloaded the climbing supplies and stored much of the food which was provided .
tr	NN	' It 's got my brand on it . '
tr	NNS	" So you got doubts too . "
tr	NN	He set down the bowls , bent over and kissed her .
tr	NNS	Brady had been stalking the fringes of his mind for some time .
tr	NNS	We 've set up decoy facilities around the world ... hoping to distract them from the real one . "
tr	NN	White Shirt let out another moan , rolling onto his belly , struggling onto his knees .
tr	NN	" I have no proof of anything .
tr	NNS	" You need to talk to Christopher , " she said encouragingly .
tr	NN	I experienced a pang of envy .
tr	NNS	They clashed blades again .
tr	NNS	Justin pressed palms to his eyes and sobbed incoherently .
tr	NN	She patted a patch of fur .
tr	NNS	With the others , I saw enough fragments to identify the wreckage .
tr	NNS	Irritated , I fling back the covers and get out of bed , padding quietly to the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Improved drugs and new tools have also made surgical operations that were once considered impossible routine .
tr	NN	' Oh , sorry , ' I took a sharp step backwards .
tr	NN	I had missed that acutely over the past year .
tr	NN	Asia would have cut the rope . "
tr	NN	We should order pizza sometime .
tr	NNS	She has claw marks on her face and naked body exposed from her bare skin in the bikini .
tr	NNS	He introduced the members of his meditation group which were Eileen , Frank , and Lily .
tr	NNS	" Yes , of course ... we could constrain all our patients , " the doctor responded , " but we don 't .
tr	NN	She removed her visor , whose attached magnifying glass she had previously turned up , and rubbed the back of her neck .
tr	NNS	Even from where he stood , Sebastian could see on her cheek the five dark freckles that formed the shape of a crescent moon .
tr	NN	That leaves the third possibility , which I 'd like to discuss with you in person .
tr	NNS	... And whenever he approached the subjects of leaving .
tr	NN	And with that respect and trust came loyalty .
tr	NN	For these , Talon had respect .
tr	NN	" Give me your passport . "
tr	NNS	He already had his classes mapped out in his head .
tr	NN	The door , painted black , sported a shining brass knocker , an indication that the family within was in residence .
tr	NN	Probably minimum wage , but I 'm pretty sure you get to live there for free or dirt cheap . "
tr	NNS	She did not wish her servants to realize she was nearly always at the mercy of this arrogant gentleman .
tr	NNS	The Chinese are basically giving away worthless dollars in exchange for trade deals .
tr	NNS	She 'd hit too many sore points - blow after blow .
tr	NN	You radiate health and fertility .
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat .
tr	NN	Abruptly I placed the cap back on the nail polish remover and pulled out my laptop .
tr	NNS	But then she remembered the numbers and the strange scratches .
tr	NNS	Now that he was married , Radcliffe had mentioned expectations to spend a bit more time in London .
tr	NNS	The look on his face grows more tense as each second passes .
tr	NNS	' They 'd need shields , though . '
tr	NNS	And they had al the nifty pockets and hooks meant to carry weapons , which I real y liked .
tr	NNS	Rescuing creepy faeries who tried to kill me , again .
tr	NN	He dropped the pistol and charged through the trees with his sword in hand as his body kept repairing itself .
tr	NN	She carefully folded the wing and started checking his right shoulder .
tr	NNS	I also encouraged non-threatening activities with the rest of the gang and continued to watch as she grew more comfortable with them .
tr	NNS	I wanted my emotional numbness back .
tr	NNS	" You saw all those ghosts flying around all at once ? "
tr	NNS	Her eyes narrowed dangerously , but it didn 't faze me one bit .
tr	NNS	Another man with a bushy beard was scooping up bugs from the floor , tossing them into his mouth and then swallowing them whole .
tr	NNS	She had almost no contacts with other people .
tr	NN	His eyes found my large diamond again .
tr	NN	The boy that was after revenge , so he could take the throne .
tr	NNS	She placed the cups of coffee in cup holders in the center console of her car .
tr	NN	I had a closet full of black and nothing nice to wear to a black tie function .
tr	NN	He 'd finished the plumbing so they could even have coffee there instead of having to hurry out in the morning to a coffee shop .
tr	NNS	The city lights were reflecting off the scattered low-lying clouds .
tr	NNS	" Mrs. Adler , Philip makes thirty-five thousand dollars a performance .
tr	NN	" Doesn 't sound very easy , " said Boy 412 doubtfully .
tr	NNS	She still had nightmares , but she didn 't fear them any longer .
tr	NN	You 've got the body for it , " he said self-consciously .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't hear any objections as I tossed them into each other 's company . "
tr	NN	You spoil her rotten , " he joked , not meaning a word he said .
tr	NNS	I can see something nearer at hand and more urgent ; there is something moving over the plain ! '
tr	NNS	She surfed a couple more sites .
tr	NN	I have not tried the clear liquid yet and watch as the small droplet disperses , clouding the drink .
tr	NN	A bullet had grazed my thigh .
tr	NNS	I study the warring action figures arranged on the shelf above Gabe 's computers .
tr	NNS	" You 're pleading less-than-perfect English skills to explain the inappropriateness of barking ' stay ' at me across the parking lot like that ? "
tr	NN	Georgie threw the receiver at Seth , hard .
tr	NN	Cameron shed his dressing gown in impatient jerks and furrowed her hair with his hand .
tr	NN	" What the devil do you think you 're up to ? "
tr	NN	Instead , she flung up a veil around herself and the disoriented High Lord .
tr	NN	We want his estate before - " He trailed off , leaving the rest to my imagination .
tr	NNS	I felt her fangs sliding back into her gums .
tr	NNS	They were sitting ducks now .
tr	NNS	" I own nearly two hundred hides ... I think .
tr	NN	I clumsily tore open the packaging of the new electric razor I had bought , and put the two big batteries in it .
tr	NN	The vault hinges gave an exaggerated groan that set her teeth on edge .
tr	NNS	The sight of him left her breathless .
tr	NNS	" I have lodged prior complaints , but nothing has changed . "
tr	NN	Preston pulled out a sturdy plastic fork .
tr	NNS	To find it , one must pass through the apex of a triple rainbow and come out with a clean soul and exactly thirty seven cents .
tr	NNS	Years ago my father knew Mantis .
tr	NNS	" I have condoms . "
tr	NNS	I batted my eyelashes at him and he grinned a little .
tr	NN	The middle aged man leaning over me gave my shoulder a pat and took his seat behind me .
tr	NN	Unless you do that you are breaking the law -- kidnapping . "
tr	NNS	She landed yards away from the culvert , pain splintering through her body .
tr	NNS	I had never seen a woman 's breasts before , and I doubted if any seven-year-old boy in Craighead County had .
tr	NNS	" As I was saying , gentlemen , it has certain similarities ... " " A hell of a lot of ' em .
tr	NNS	Dominic has connections to someone who is developing a generation S quantum computing system for a university .
tr	NNS	He 'd delivered babies and fought fires and arrived on the scene of fatal accidents more times than he could count in the last few years .
tr	NNS	Through the light fabric , she felt the shears and closed her fingers around the entire bag , then stabbed down into the man 's torso .
tr	NN	He had an example to set .
tr	NN	Julia 's words about Gavin needing to smash open his piggy bank so her family could have the bare necessities made his gut clench .
tr	NN	Wallace gave me a pat on the shoulder and then he and I went jogging back towards the company .
tr	NNS	Please accept my apologies .
tr	NN	This time the helicopter lowered the orange rescue cage .
tr	NN	The agenda had a single item on its list , the buyout of Evans by social website facebook .
tr	NN	Then , without warning , I felt a tiny prick in my arm , which deepened into a burning sting .
tr	NNS	He redoubled his efforts and let the darkness into his heart .
tr	NN	The nation needs leadership and strength .
tr	NN	Jacob took the podium and cleared his throat .
tr	NNS	" I always pick the crazies . "
tr	NN	" I could always take up horseback riding . "
tr	NNS	" But where is my love gone With his cheeks like roses .
tr	NN	She almost called out some advice , then realized it would probably only embarrass him without improving his technique .
tr	NNS	It gives senior wizards what they think is called gravitas but is more accurately called gravity .
tr	NN	Alice enjoyed the banter as they went along , and responded in kind .
tr	NNS	I have the contacts .
tr	NNS	He took three quick breaths in preparation for the biggest he could muster .
tr	NN	In school , I had a furious urge to pull the fire alarm , just to see what would happen .
tr	NNS	I 'm feeling a little nauseous these days . "
tr	NN	I grab Harlin 's bicep , tearing his gaze away from Lucy .
tr	NNS	Ignoring the parking restrictions outside I pulled up behind a buttercup yellow Porsche 911 .
tr	NNS	She watched the security cameras panning back and forth and then slipped unobserved into the bathroom , quickly pulling the door open and slipping inside .
tr	NNS	The scrapes appeared shallow , but were deep enough to let small trails of blood drip onto her wrists .
tr	NNS	We give them rights , powers alongside men .
tr	NN	I felt the weight lifting from my shoulders .
tr	NN	" Listen you little fuck .
tr	NN	Merlin made a gesture .
tr	NNS	That didn 't count all the attempts Joan made where the ball had been knocked away or caught by Tucker jumping up under the basket .
tr	NN	He took his time answering .
tr	NNS	The room gave her the creeps .
tr	NN	Baring her fangs , she let out a primal growl .
tr	NN	" I 'm writing an article . "
tr	NN	He brushed a strand of hair off her forehead .
tr	NNS	Cassie unfolded the pages carefully upon her desk , straightening out their edges .
tr	NNS	I had too many doubts .
tr	NN	" Only forced observation . "
tr	NN	She suppressed a smirk .
tr	NN	Sides , we got the best stable in these parts . "
tr	NNS	I levitated and tossed both balls of raging , churning energy at the impetuous vampire .
tr	NN	The Lord lift up his countenance upon us , and give us peace , this night and evermore .
tr	NNS	I pulled the covers back over my head , but still felt as if someone were watching me .
tr	NN	I pulled the dagger from my boot and , when I caught the glint of silver in his hand , moved forward .
tr	NNS	" We love the roads back here .
tr	NN	" Ok , " before I could sit down , I quickly grabbed a fork and returned .
tr	NNS	How do I put these knives on my belt ? "
tr	NNS	" When I feel that you will not hide your mind forever from me once you learn the skills . "
tr	NN	" And what the devil will you do while I 'm standing in a paddock holding a lounge line ? "
tr	NN	He dismissed their escort .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is ' Project Elrond ' ? "
tr	NN	She points the large needle at me , as it slowly floats over towards me .
tr	NNS	" The prophecy never mentioned twins , Emily .
tr	NNS	They played cards , checkers , and drew pictures .
tr	NNS	His navy blue shorts had splashes of black flowers all over them .
tr	NNS	People didn 't stroll down the sidewalks .
tr	NNS	These people deserve leaders . "
tr	NN	" The night we moved against Lake View , Morgan made one more adjustment to my team .
tr	NN	While looking away , the right wheels of the truck lost the pavement .
tr	NNS	I kissed her breathless , then breathed my own into her .
tr	NN	Yelling and shaking fists would accompany those near misses .
tr	NNS	I got dizzy , went down , woke up here .
tr	NN	Victor 's bodyguard clipped a fresh magazine in his gun , leaned out of the passenger window and fired a volley of shots at the vehicle .
tr	NN	Hoping to take her mind off such gloomy thoughts , I gave her a brisk squeeze and pointed at the bag .
tr	NN	I can feel every millimeter of her around me .
tr	NN	She held a basket in her hands , and was noticeably uncomfortable due to her pregnant state .
tr	NN	" I have a limited supply . "
tr	NN	And no one gave him any crap about it , either .
tr	NN	Lujan opened up his desktop terminal after the surgeon left .
tr	NN	The great assassination , that rocked a whole nation ; Where the killer shot true lays a diamond of blue .
tr	NN	By the start of the month , we can unveil The Nursing Spirit in all its grand pageantry . "
tr	NN	She also felt a pang of guilt for prying .
tr	NNS	" Sorry , I was riding bikes with my friends .
tr	NN	Thought we 'd just remove the pup and tell her when she noticed .
tr	NNS	Then , you didn 't answer my texts . "
tr	NNS	Once her vision stabilized she recognized her surroundings .
tr	NNS	" Muddy the waters ? "
tr	NN	" Does all of it have the capacity to embarrass me as much as this ? "
tr	NNS	Don 't take any chances , right ? "
tr	NN	You just had the misfortune to be with me . "
tr	NN	" The end of the bow -- the part that 's probably in Ms. LaGuardia 's stomach -- is called the frog .
tr	NN	Put on your funny hat and sunshades , we don 't want anybody to know who we are .
tr	NNS	This time , he felt the butterflies in his stomach .
tr	NN	What the fuck are you doing ? "
tr	NN	Otherwise , you know your fate . "
tr	NN	Slamming his bottle down on the bar counter , he motioned the bartender over and settled up his tab .
tr	NNS	In tandem , the girls read their texts out loud .
tr	NNS	They ran the plates and found that the truck had been stolen in St. Louis three days earlier .
tr	NNS	They charted the heavens and thought that that would give them the map of fate . "
tr	NNS	" Norman , I 'm not taking any chances .
tr	NNS	I have some dried dates in there that I think both Sydney and I would appreciate right about now . "
tr	NN	By the time the fresh air hit her face , she heard all the ancestors grumbling , swearing their revenge .
tr	NNS	Even as a child , she preferred overalls to dresses , adored climbing in trees , and spent hours playing in the dirt .
tr	NNS	" My liege , our patrols have seen more attempts to bridge the Canyon in recent weeks .
tr	NN	Bob whittled a scale into the branch .
tr	NNS	All that lay ahead was a long , quiet night , so out came the cards .
tr	NNS	I freeze my tracks as I see it .
tr	NNS	I quickly check my pockets and only find two black vials and two syringes .
tr	NNS	If he became an animal , he would lose all concepts of right and wrong , and he feared his capacity to kill would be untamed .
tr	NN	He gained favor with the Vicar Swiss when a group of anarchists made an attempt on the Vicar 's life .
tr	NN	The brunette wedged one high-heeled boot inside the door .
tr	NNS	He saw a dozen suits , but could not make out any of their faces .
tr	NN	Grand pulled out a wooden rod from his inner cloak .
tr	NN	Nobody needed the little fish who 'd been arrested in Serendipity , and the case went cold . "
tr	NNS	" You don 't like snakes , do you ? "
tr	NNS	We have more surprises and I don 't want to spoil them . "
tr	NN	Then , " yeah , it was easier to get something on the way home , have a pizza delivered .
tr	NN	Revealing an endless stretch of asphalt absolution .
tr	NNS	The next hot relationship theory that comes out can decrease your sales to zip in a matter of months .
tr	NN	" Before you try my patience to much and I just destroy both mortals . "
tr	NNS	When the driver told me that we had finally reached our destination I again imagined TV cameras waiting for me outside the car .
tr	NN	" I did not date Braydon , we were friends and we went to dinner . "
tr	NN	" Who is to say which is the more alive : the elephant or the amoeba ? "
tr	NNS	Amar presses his palms together and twists them back and forth , to illustrate .
tr	NN	Shifters , on the other hand , loved breeding and loved children , children being all that more precious because so few survived .
tr	NN	That would make her envy and upset even more apparent .
tr	NNS	How many dates do you think you can squeeze in before I let her know you killed me ? "
tr	NN	Her fingers found the hem of his shirt .
tr	NNS	Jeremiah had smiled and flashed his fangs .
tr	NN	At 1700 hours the two clerks in the office plus the warehouse staff went off duty .
tr	NN	Will had made an exhibition of vice in private , to drive away those nearest and dearest to him .
tr	NN	I didn 't voice that little gem , however .
tr	NN	She drank a mouthful and gagged .
tr	NNS	" Have any new students registered yesterday or today ? "
tr	NN	And thus sealed her daughter 's death warrant when Alyse could not .
tr	NN	The girl descended the spiral staircase , judiciously watching her every step , holding on to the railing with both hands .
tr	NN	Her words had their effect at last .
tr	NN	In the back , Elliot felt his stomach twist with each banking turn on the helicopter .
tr	NNS	For two , she didn 't see any vast plains of sand .
tr	NN	She 'd obviously picked this location because it was remote .
tr	NNS	When they reached the street , he scanned the crowds for an easy path to the Garnier .
tr	NNS	In the distance , he heard birds and small animals ( at least he hoped they were small ) scurrying in the woods .
tr	NNS	It has tall cliffs covered in forests and sandy beaches .
tr	NNS	Steve turned his attentions back to Lavina who seemed to be relaxed and in a normal sleep pattern now .
tr	NNS	Her parents had expectations for her life .
tr	NN	In his office , Matt Baker was watching the news broadcast .
tr	NNS	These vampires have four fangs , two on top where the canine teeth are and then two on the bottom right below them .
tr	NN	You 'll have the option of rugs and carpet when you get here . "
tr	NNS	" Perhaps your mother would have believed your lies , but I 'm not soft like she was .
tr	NNS	Everyone picked up their utensils and started their sketches before adding the paint .
tr	NNS	The map also identifies areas I consider too close to civilization for opening the chest .
tr	NNS	And when he returned he would put Green shields and locks around his study .
tr	NNS	McBride saw the jaws of an angry dog , red tongue , glistening fangs .
tr	NNS	Silently Andrew took the reins .
tr	NN	But instead he let out an overly long moan .
tr	NNS	They usually use crystal balls .
tr	NN	Rolling over , she punched her pillow as if the bag of foam could be the blame .
tr	NNS	Stalling , my eyes found my sisters , both of them now comfortably seated on the iron chairs beside the fire .
tr	NN	Reason grew the potential for aggravation .
tr	NN	Jack paid the clerk and took their keys .
tr	NN	We are testing an anomaly . "
tr	NN	I examined the purple cluster of grapes set atop the Ring .
tr	NNS	The moment I mentioned a million dollars you were on board .
tr	NNS	They wheeled their bikes to the back of the building .
tr	NN	Still , the supernatural in Scott 's case had created discomfort .
tr	NNS	" Consciousness can project illusions - insubstantial stimulus objects - onto the screen of your awareness . "
tr	NN	And she never displayed any affection toward him .
tr	NN	I 'll give you faith .
tr	NNS	" I don 't even like biscuits . "
tr	NN	' I had no faith .
tr	NN	She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and glanced around the waiting room .
tr	NNS	He 'd had the D.C. folks jumping to do his bidding .
tr	NNS	They had no uniforms and some were armed with hoes and shovels , whatever they could grab quickly .
tr	NN	" Donovan couldn 't have taken his Collar off himself ? "
tr	NNS	I 've prepared all the pages for you .
tr	NN	I thanked the Corporal behind the desk and tried to hide my disappointment as I walked away .
tr	NN	" It is , but , " Billy checked the scale and did some quick measurements .
tr	NN	" You only have that contraption because my husband voted for the funds to buy it . "
tr	NNS	I rifled through a few more items , until I came across a silky set in a rich fuchsia color .
tr	NNS	I joined the lecture halls and sat at the back and learned to write .
tr	NN	If they did , he would utilize every lawyer on their payroll to break the will .
tr	NN	" I could sell my shoe for 5 coin .
tr	NN	Leo played diplomat and I nodded .
tr	NN	Nick dropped the receiver back onto the phone 's cradle and leaned back in the chair .
tr	NNS	She blew bubbles at him , as she stared up at her uncle with her big blue eyes .
tr	NN	You don 't need your uncle to run it for you .
tr	NN	' Otherwise you wouldn 't talk such rot . '
tr	NNS	" Ezra knows the servants of just about every important family in Washington .
tr	NNS	I finished my classes and went to cheer practice leading the team in a brand new routine which under my leadership we nailed .
tr	NNS	This report would probably have terrorists in it .
tr	NNS	' That lack of a government has invited all sorts of incursions from the outside .
tr	NNS	He attracted clients to the company like flies .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , he recognised the noises around him straight away .
tr	NNS	And every good reporter needs good instincts . "
tr	NN	I barely get down one row before the weeds start growing behind me .
tr	NN	" A lot of slaves seek rank , but only your father was picked .
tr	NNS	Trail Stop didn 't have any shops or restaurants ; if he 'd wanted breakfast , he should have eaten here .
tr	NNS	You have no preconceived notions .
tr	NN	Tante gave an expressive shrug .
tr	NN	She foolishly turned the shower knob too fast and was met with a spray of water that felt like ice .
tr	NNS	This would control the sub 's exterior bubbles to replay any light patterns which the computer counted as repetitive and significant .
tr	NNS	That would cover our tracks for sure if we needed to cross any more roads .
tr	NNS	" I only have a few gowns . "
tr	NN	" That 'll make every insecurity Jolene already has that much worse .
tr	NNS	I 've got other classes I suck at . "
tr	NN	Dreamer was giving the rabbit more affection than him .
tr	NNS	He sounded breathless , and he pressed his lips together , his eyes locked on mine .
tr	NN	Before I could stop him he turned the doorknob to the bathroom and pushed on the door .
tr	NN	The old man slowly inhales the aroma of his brew and takes a sip .
tr	NN	Feeling her eyes drinking me in again , I brought up a topic that I thought might bring her a small amount of cheer .
tr	NN	Sonia finally lost patience .
tr	NN	They usually have a small black frame . "
tr	NN	" Last week you picked a musical . "
tr	NN	Take an extra parachute and wait at the top for me .
tr	NN	For a brief second , I caught a glimpse of my eyes .
tr	NN	You ... want ice cream ? "
tr	NNS	" I overheard some family members talking about him in the waiting room .
tr	NN	Later , he silently told his cock , which leapt at the idea of getting near her breasts .
tr	NN	" We have a new specimen .
tr	NNS	I scanned the pages .
tr	NN	Its label read ' Video recording .
tr	NNS	They have four staging areas set up .
tr	NNS	They hated shots , but over quickly , Hye Soon gave them rewards of ice cream for their pains .
tr	NN	Amy had told her landlady that she only needed the room for a few weeks , until she went to join her husband in Wales .
tr	NNS	I fished my cigarettes out of my purse and lit one , relaxing into the first rush of nicotine .
tr	NNS	De Roy clasped the reins in his hands and gritted his teeth .
tr	NNS	William used his vampire senses and located Emily struggling to free herself .
tr	NN	To make her a citizen of the United States so they could take her orphaned brother out of the country before Tio Ramon assumed custody .
tr	NNS	I sweep some crumbs into a pyramid behind the butter bowl .
tr	NNS	" I have no doubts to the truth of your story .
tr	NNS	Should I drop bread crumbs ? "
tr	NN	I needed a warm bath and a nap .
tr	NNS	He 'd once rejected all their efforts to impose their brand of caring on him .
tr	NN	I 'd turned the phone ringer off when I 'd gone to bed exhausted .
tr	NN	And because I know you do have the power to get Justin for me , you have bought my obedience .
tr	NNS	My vision still a blur , I could just about make out crowds beneath me .
tr	NN	Fishing the phone from his center console , he noted the Dallas area code , but didn 't recognize the number .
tr	NNS	" Maybe we 're not getting paid the big bucks , but we 're local .
tr	NN	Some kept up a regular correspondence .
tr	NNS	" But she gets points for the look on David 's face when that potato hit the chair . "
tr	NNS	The search turned up the basics on the senator 's son .
tr	NNS	Declare you traitorous designs also ? "
tr	NN	" Give me a sec .
tr	NNS	He quickly shifted their positions , leaning her against the door and repositioning his hand .
tr	NN	" I don 't own a scale -- and even if I did , I couldn 't read the numbers . "
tr	NNS	Finch : " Cancel your credit cards and change your locks . "
tr	NNS	Jack looked along the shelves at the framed happy photographs of times gone by .
tr	NNS	" Very well , I 'll make discreet enquiries as to what can be done in this field and get back to you .
tr	NNS	Serena pressed her palms against his chest .
tr	NN	To leave he 'd need a false passport to travel on , not to mention the language skills to help him survive wherever he wound up .
tr	NN	I swallow the lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	I should have just taken my chances with the Dream Walker , anything to spare Sam .
tr	NNS	After removing the cloth , five stunning , pale faces were revealed , two females and three males .
tr	NN	She reached the engine sphere , having gone nowhere .
tr	NN	He swung his spear butt once more and broke the other thief 's knees .
tr	NNS	In full production the washing engines needed at least half a dozen people to manhandle the loads , maintain the fires and oil the scrubbing arms .
tr	NNS	He had nightmares of his wife and daughter dying over his lies and secrecy .
tr	NNS	Charles Brandon has no psychic shields , so it shouldn 't be a problem .
tr	NNS	Nathan , oblivious to my suffering , took up the reins , spurring the horse into a slow trot .
tr	NNS	Eve watched the two detectives in silent fascination , wondering if the Jedi mind trick would work on them .
tr	NN	Tommy Richter needs closure , Toby .
tr	NNS	She had burns on her belly and breasts and weighed less than ninety pounds .
tr	NN	GG showed the sergeant where he had gone on his previous visit .
tr	NN	A hot wind ruffles the canvas umbrella above us , rocking the metal pipe in the center hole of the glass table .
tr	NN	After Amy committed to taking care of Angela , Angel no longer wanted the responsibility and became pretty much hands off with Angela 's care .
tr	NNS	But Charles had great relationship skills .
tr	NNS	The more information I have , the better I can anticipate your actions when it will matter .
tr	NN	A chill ran up his spine .
tr	NNS	He took the shots .
tr	NNS	Lyssa watched Dane 's graceful movements of his long finger .
tr	NN	She gave a twist with her dagger to free the child , and the men eased the mother back onto the bed , smoothing out her dress .
tr	NNS	More importantly , why did Horton eat peanuts ?
tr	NN	Myself , I was wearing only a light windbreaker .
tr	NNS	" So now I 've got three apartments to fill .
tr	NNS	He parked several houses down from mine .
tr	NN	" If marionettes aren 't to your liking , child , we 've a whole other collection of the finest toys Huron has to offer . "
tr	NNS	She was absorbing her surroundings like a tan addict enjoys the sun .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to wipe at it , since I couldn 't reach it anyway .
tr	NN	His mother used her intricate intelligence with every breath .
tr	NNS	Thank the desert gods for something .
tr	NNS	She counted the numbers to the doors in her head until she came upon the one that was needed .
tr	NN	Then she opened the Portal ... " " It was clever , " said Jace .
tr	NNS	" Oh good grief .
tr	NN	Where ´ d she get that outfit .
tr	NN	In the end , he 'll pay the debt to her .
tr	NNS	I could use the powers she 'd given me to try to move it , to help it reach the head .
tr	NN	Also , she could no longer watch the trial because it was imperative that she not be able to discuss it with Herman .
tr	NNS	I shouldn 't have expended spells on them . "
tr	NN	Laughing , Skye wadded up her paper napkin and tossed it at Madison .
tr	NNS	Heavy rains meant muddy roads , and the town would soon be empty as the farm families left for home before dark .
tr	NN	She ripped the turtleneck away in a kind of wobbly , disoriented panic - and revealed a bra and falsies .
tr	NNS	Yes she 'd made assumptions .
tr	NN	She had an irrational urge to cut the statue down , to comfort that figure .
tr	NNS	Though reluctantly , he had always given her the most important assignments .
tr	NNS	I had very few opportunities .
tr	NN	I enjoyed a long hot bubble bath in my own private bathroom connected to my room .
tr	NNS	" I 've only got five classes , counting tennis . "
tr	NN	I bite back a groan .
tr	NN	Have faith in me .
tr	NNS	Then he put the plates in the washer of dishes .
tr	NNS	I pressed my palms against his chest , feeling the rock hard pecs underneath .
tr	NNS	And if he was crazy , why didn 't he get the jokes ?
tr	NNS	" I have no extended arguments with you . "
tr	NNS	Samara grabbed his final breaths as he clutched the upper grate by pressing his mouth and nose through the small opening .
tr	NN	He folded the area rug between the settees in half .
tr	NNS	I feel a strange emptiness .
tr	NN	He might even take a baseball bat to the glass . "
tr	NN	Can you offer me the same oath about your own race ?
tr	NN	" They never regained consciousness , so no , they didn 't suffer . "
tr	NN	" Please do not feel sorrow .
tr	NN	He quickly raised the dagger in front of his face .
tr	NNS	" Then you will enjoy the benefits of my experience . "
tr	NN	The shower and change of venue had improved his somewhat flummoxed outlook .
tr	NNS	" The answer , my dearest Angela Dawson , is one , " he said viciously .
tr	NNS	She waited a few beats , watching as panic flooded Hanna 's face .
tr	NNS	As they sailed closer to the island , they could see the nearby pink cliffs of the town of Sorrento rise straight up from the sea .
tr	NN	After all , he had had longer , better instruction than her .
tr	NNS	I have two houses to show you Sunday afternoon if it 's convenient for you , in the afternoon .
tr	NNS	He dropped the coats and gathered her back into his arms .
tr	NN	" Give me some credit .
tr	NNS	Ridley kept tabs on how games were progressing around the room .
tr	NNS	" I don 't make jokes . "
tr	NNS	If you point at a place on a map , a complete stranger will walk three blocks with you to make sure that you reach it .
tr	NN	He saw the boy 's hunger in his eyes , heard the churning and growling of his empty stomach .
tr	NN	This way she had the option of stepping back out of range .
tr	NN	Perry was beaten , unarmed , barefoot , but Hess was still afraid .
tr	NN	Each had a front paw resting on a star bal .
tr	NN	Not that she could get reception in the dungeon of a castle .
tr	NN	That was very quick , I only had lab .
tr	NN	Her father 's lack of interest in her life crafted a huge void that she 'd failed to fill until recently with Ryan 's attention .
tr	NN	I cursed my timing .
tr	NN	" You have a stable ?
tr	NN	She grasped the pillow , squeezing it tight .
tr	NN	He gives a slow blink .
tr	NN	Chancellor Tarn , As you asked , I have prepared a dossier regarding the greatest areas of concern .
tr	NNS	He rolled my nipples between his fingers , and finally moved his mouth from mine to join his hands at my breasts .
tr	NNS	Just knowing Doug was out attempting to prove his claim had done wonders for his father 's attitude .
tr	NN	In the largest , I could hear a small clamor of conversation .
tr	NNS	I slide my jeweled sandals onto my feet and tug at the length of my dress .
tr	NNS	I wore slippers , and I thrust my arms through the robe , tying it at the waist .
tr	NNS	I drank long gulps from the water fountain .
tr	NN	If it burns out , use your other lighter . "
tr	NN	The talisman recognizes its owner , and even though she desires it , she cannot possess it unless you die .
tr	NNS	We retrieved the helmets and went back to his bike .
tr	NN	I didn 't record video of it yet but I will , and I 'll send it home to you guys . "
tr	NNS	Do your clients get a refund ? "
tr	NN	" You have an exceptional capacity to love .
tr	NN	Bill had failed his first physics exam but had scored around average so he wasn 't too worried .
tr	NN	It didn 't take a shrink to tell him his brain was working through the trauma of his past .
tr	NN	" They 're considered a delicacy .
tr	NN	He dropped the crossbow to his side as he stared at the wall of white .
tr	NN	They 'll scare all the fish away .
tr	NNS	What if there were frozen pockets of saltwater in this glacier ?
tr	NN	The sword and scabbard had rarely left his hip from the moment it had been unearthed , now he would sleep with it .
tr	NNS	She was mimicking the same motions I was using .
tr	NN	She slapped the menu down onto the table and glared at him .
tr	NNS	He 'd grown several inches since that game of hide-and-seek .
tr	NNS	They 're deploying bombs .
tr	NNS	" I need some data from IT to finish it .
tr	NN	The man across from him ordered steak , well cooked .
tr	NN	I also wouldn 't label the psychogenic ingredient of your memory loss as hysterical , but rather functional or dissociative .
tr	NNS	She broke several fingernails clawing at the ground , searching for purchase , but it was no use .
tr	NNS	They do all sorts of funny things that make their mothers terribly grouchy .
tr	NNS	Finally , when I couldn 't take it anymore , he wiped away my juices with kisses that trailed up to my mouth .
tr	NNS	Methinks we have sown the seeds of future entertainments .
tr	NN	Weldon Harper handed the menu back to the waitress .
tr	NNS	" Job interviews ? "
tr	NNS	" I will haunt your nightmares . "
tr	NN	Thank goodness for reality .
tr	NN	Her aunt gave an eloquent and very Gallic shrug , dismissing the old book of fairy tales and Emeline 's memories of Reynaud .
tr	NNS	A concept they feel has the basics ?
tr	NN	" I was never given a trial .
tr	NNS	They 've even got explosives if they need to use them .
tr	NNS	He moved less than two inches , but it was enough .
tr	NNS	No identifying numbers or anything .
tr	NNS	Soon we had about three hundred samples .
tr	NNS	He has written two novels , which are currently being edited .
tr	NNS	Why hadn 't the doctors done something before now ?
tr	NN	I peeked out the peephole and had to clap my hand over my mouth to keep from calling out .
tr	NNS	" Then we heard the shots . "
tr	NNS	I grabbed two cups and poured .
tr	NNS	The Yankees had runners on first and third with two outs in the sixth .
tr	NN	She hadn 't known joy .
tr	NN	He put down the meat lover 's pizza he 'd grabbed on the way home .
tr	NNS	You see the Undying Lights ? "
tr	NN	" One day , dog , you 'll learn obedience . "
tr	NNS	As she walked , she sensed true grief in the faces of those in attendance .
tr	NN	Rebecca controlled every detail of the construction .
tr	NNS	She left her dirty dishes , though .
tr	NN	Greg reversed his rifle and used the butt to roll over one of the blackened corpses .
tr	NN	What she found made her heart clench with a sharp , wrenching pain .
tr	NN	Such a simple question wouldn 't reveal the extent of her ignorance .
tr	NNS	Gon na date these contracts to expire in a hundred and twenty days .
tr	NNS	He pulled up her light sundress , needing to feel her moist center .
tr	NN	I bring the rifle into the bedroom and place it beside an old antique dresser with crystal knobs and elaborate carvings of deer .
tr	NN	" I 'll go and get his Lordship . "
tr	NN	Humans , on the other hand , face a more difficult task . "
tr	NN	Her tone didn 't invite argument .
tr	NNS	She 'd pick apart my lies in no time .
tr	NNS	' Don 't break our hearts ! '
tr	NNS	What a fascinating way to display the elements of an investigation .
tr	NNS	Thrilling emotions Nilo did not understand jolted his brain circuits , and his worn out old torso began to tremble .
tr	NNS	He must not permit baser instincts to control him .
tr	NNS	" Get white gold bands or platinum .
tr	NN	I could hear the skepticism in her voice .
tr	NNS	We collect artifacts for our museums .
tr	NN	The witch unpredictable thrust up the dagger at Sofia .
tr	NNS	Or hunting ground , he corrected mentally .
tr	NN	" That 's cool , " Duff said and held the railing against the jerking motion .
tr	NNS	Megan batted her eyelashes at him , put her hand on his , and mirrored his stroking motion .
tr	NN	Outsiders will soon enter our sanctuary .
tr	NN	" Check the shoreline !
tr	NNS	He doesn 't have the skills to survive . "
tr	NNS	Whoever that was , she didn 't wear lip gloss .
tr	NNS	Simply explore your surroundings and find out as much as you can .
tr	NN	I had brought with me a pistol , which I had loaded outside the house .
tr	NN	He stroked the ridge of his brow with his thumbs as he fixed an unfocused gaze on the bags of coin .
tr	NNS	Its simple doggy brain had visions of blood on the floor .
tr	NNS	" I can get more drugs - " " No . "
tr	NNS	" How many surprises do you have ? "
tr	NNS	" I shouldn 't make assumptions .
tr	NN	My father will use the dragon and Goat to trace us .
tr	NN	Grace felt a pang of sympathy for the young woman her mother once was .
tr	NNS	And you 're giving me your abilities .
tr	NN	He dipped a towel in the warm water and slowly washed the blood from her body .
tr	NNS	Grace batted her eyelashes to punctuate the point .
tr	NNS	On the march in quiet circumstances , they had arm and hand signals .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers and climbed out of bed , my toes warm in the dancing sunlight .
tr	NNS	You got wheels , use them . "
tr	NNS	Chapter 18 Eleanor fanned out the photographs across her writing table .
tr	NN	" Did he discover our location ? "
tr	NN	In frustration I bang the ballerina with the side of my fist .
tr	NN	The goatee man offered Paul a handshake to which he mildly reciprocated .
tr	NN	" Well , for starters , we 've got a private scuba diving lesson with my friend , Deon .
tr	NNS	Suddenly they heard more howls , then screaming in the distance and a rustling in the bushes .
tr	NN	For some reason , Anna was denying their mutual attraction .
tr	NNS	Nice , smooth , long , powerful strokes .
tr	NN	But now I anticipate the depression , and that allows me to take the despair and sense of loss in stride . "
tr	NNS	The bunks had very thin mattresses , and two blankets folded at the end of the beds .
tr	NNS	He had had many opportunities to escape .
tr	NN	He 'd rather date his motorcycle . "
tr	NN	Zane released his Push , and they fell .
tr	NNS	Some were walking their dogs , others carrying shopping bags or holding children by the hand .
tr	NN	" This ... doctrine could devastate humanity and the world as we know it .
tr	NN	You don 't ever command a unicorn , and never dare insult them .
tr	NNS	My breaths came in shallow , more ragged , bursts .
tr	NNS	He said , his mouth mere centimeters from her lips .
tr	NN	When he established Nightshade , he planned the organization so that no one individual or even a handful could bring down the entire operation .
tr	NN	Percival increased his pace with Violet following , her hand gripping the hilt of her sword tightly .
tr	NN	He 's got real talent . "
tr	NN	Before she followed him she tried the receptionist .
tr	NNS	She sunk her fangs into his shoulder , ravenous for the taste of him .
tr	NNS	She dropped the coins in the man 's hand .
tr	NN	Everyone loves pizza as much as ice cream and fries .
tr	NN	I can 't just dump this jam jar .
tr	NN	" Because it sounded like butterfly rape . "
tr	NNS	The next year James grew another three inches , placing him in league with the tallest students at school .
tr	NNS	" For one , Señor Alonso has his own financial issues with Anthony . "
tr	NN	She 'd accepted her fate and in her mind , she 'd moved on .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't make two blades of grass the same : how much less two saints , two nations , two angels .
tr	NN	Bod fought the urge to push further back into the ivy .
tr	NN	Cadmus verified the claim , " Yes , I saw him dispatch the horrible villain , myself . "
tr	NNS	Have you lost your senses ?
tr	NNS	You two get into a fight , have a few beers , and now you 're all buddy buddy ?
tr	NN	We didn 't have a penny jar , but I put it on the counter next to the register .
tr	NN	" You don 't want her waking up , injured and dazed , in a place packed to the roof with weakened prey . "
tr	NNS	In it , I 'd had two cats .
tr	NN	And the man has named a huge sum , one that would keep Darling travelling without needing to trade for years .
tr	NN	Lily could see the terror in Leo 's eyes as the thing smelled his neck .
tr	NN	She gave the knob an experimental twist .
tr	NNS	I will cut your balls off and shove them down your throat and I 'm not even playing . "
tr	NNS	Perhaps a return to the Arnold home would provide some leads .
tr	NNS	I jolt a few paces to my left when someone pats my shoulder .
tr	NNS	He certainly had other interests ... like throwing her off balance .
tr	NN	I remember his favorite outfit . "
tr	NNS	" We 'll see all the wonders , and take our pleasures where we find them .
tr	NNS	We rode bikes and played catch , I coached his soccer teams , and he and I would eventually study Tae Kwon Do together .
tr	NN	James watched her wishing for Prudence in his arms .
tr	NN	That man truly did suck .
tr	NNS	" I will take no chances with your health or that of our child . "
tr	NN	You can scratch jealousy and revenge as motives here . "
tr	NNS	Additionally , DIA will also be secretly placing assets nearby , just in case . "
tr	NNS	Whoever had originated the trade had successfully covered his tracks - well enough that they had to launch something that they called a " forensics " investigation .
tr	NNS	' All sounds innocuous , doesn 't it ? '
tr	NN	Rick had the immediate impression that he kept her on a short leash , and for good reason .
tr	NNS	I brought some servants to help you dress and prepare for the Wedding .
tr	NNS	The wind rattled the boards over my window as if to accentuate her words .
tr	NN	He touched a cylinder .
tr	NNS	She tried cross referencing similarities between Chinese or Mongolian sculpture and the statue , but the World Wide Web came up empty .
tr	NN	Moe had given him the best advice .
tr	NNS	Jordan smelled deer in the forest when he went out scouting today .
tr	NNS	God sees hearts , boy .
tr	NN	" She just announced her engagement .
tr	NNS	All of them , she noticed , used the freshest local ingredients for seasonal dishes .
tr	NN	Everything about the girl radiated defeat ; no doubt she 'd been disappointed a lot in her life .
tr	NNS	Pat gathered up rags with which to slide the heavy tray into the oven .
tr	NNS	I found my sandals and slipped them on , not wanting to be barefoot in the forest .
tr	NN	She sets the wet rag gently down on Tristan 's forehead and Tristan groans as he presses his hand to it , taking sharp , raspy breaths .
tr	NN	They 're unloading the wagon now .
tr	NN	Mary Ann picked up a pen and began to trace patterns in her notebook .
tr	NNS	I brought out mouths together , silencing both our fears .
tr	NN	At one time not too terribly long ago , I 'd accepted a proposal to become Mrs. Pickles .
tr	NN	The inspector felt nausea .
tr	NNS	That habit of hers gave me all sorts of entertainment .
tr	NN	Julia dropped the magazine .
tr	NNS	" We all have our burdens to bear . "
tr	NN	Reaching inside , she withdrew the material , gaping at the gown in shock .
tr	NNS	Two bald men , both dressed in dirty grey overalls , occupy control stations in front of Blackjack .
tr	NNS	She let out a few ragged breaths before answering , " Whatever you say , Mr. Prescott . "
tr	NNS	" This factory holds technological wonders and engineering secrets beyond anything Huron has seen or will ever see .
tr	NN	During those ten hours he wore a range of outfits and shoes .
tr	NN	He raised his rifle and gunned the creature down .
tr	NNS	I destroy surprises . "
tr	NNS	Sitting down , he took a few large gulps of his sangria , draining it in a few seconds .
tr	NN	He could no longer see any meaning in the many arguments he had heard on this subject .
tr	NNS	Like any other people , we have our talents and our limitations . "
tr	NN	" Writers need their solitude anyway .
tr	NNS	I made enquiries with some old friends .
tr	NN	Or maybe she was developing Stockholm syndrome after all ?
tr	NN	Left port in the Gulf for fishing in Florida Keys .
tr	NNS	" I will give you five inches . "
tr	NNS	She would repair uniforms , tablecloths , etc. at the power plant .
tr	NNS	Nations protect their interests .
tr	NNS	His million-dollar smile had the hairs on her arms standing on end .
tr	NNS	He picked up used butts from different public places and dropped them at his murder sites , effectively thwarting police investigations .
tr	NN	' How did you find that babe ? '
tr	NNS	I made final arrangements and flew to New Orleans .
tr	NN	First of all , Take that tape off of Melody 's mouth ! "
tr	NN	The hydrofoil took caution as it headed toward the scene to rescue its survivors .
tr	NN	" You do have a motorcycle .
tr	NNS	" By the way , you didn 't tell me you had acting skills . "
tr	NN	He handed her a tall flute and sat across from her in the oversize , plush leather chair .
tr	NN	They would all feel his fury .
tr	NN	A moment later , she flung her napkin furiously onto her plate and walked over to the sink .
tr	NNS	The unfavorable weather didn 't stop the movements and excitement of the weekend in a huge place like New Holland .
tr	NNS	She opened her eyes inches from his .
tr	NNS	" You 've gone and made scholars of us all . "
tr	NN	He picked up the pen , and after a few moments of consideration , he wrote a three page long letter .
tr	NNS	In front of us , smiling calmly and cruelly , stood the members of the Greenwich Presidium .
tr	NNS	" But there are more important hidden assumptions ... than ' Know thyself . '
tr	NNS	I personally did not mind cats .
tr	NN	The woman makes a slight gesture with her hand and the energy balls bounce away from her and are absorbed harmlessly into the blood stained hull .
tr	NNS	His mouth hovered inches from hers .
tr	NN	" I 'll make your favorite rat stew .
tr	NN	" I don 't have any proof these werewolves broke the Accords . "
tr	NN	Just as Cronus was about to speak , they felt the ground quake .
tr	NN	" Hold up my next appointment and send the senator in . "
tr	NNS	You have centuries to grow up and do the right thing .
tr	NN	His keen eyesight sharpened the landscape around him , which was pitched in far detailed accuracy that to any other ordinary person .
tr	NN	Lashes of colored fire struck the dark Nephilim , burning them where they stood .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , gentlemen .
tr	NN	Just then Eamon let out a shout , and when he yanked up his line , a fish flashed silver in the sunlight .
tr	NNS	' Here , ' he said , ' one hundred and eighty-three dollars .
tr	NN	Tulips surrounded the coffin , and a picture rested in a bed of baby 's breath .
tr	NN	I got the distinct impression she liked to make people squirm , particularly me .
tr	NNS	He immediately contributed his own sums to father 's cause and asked others to do the same .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any scratches . "
tr	NN	To protect her work site and out of respect for the child 's bones , she gently pulled a tarp over the skeleton .
tr	NNS	He fired off a few warning shots intending to scare away whatever killed his dog .
tr	NN	Gia stirred the milky liquid and raised the cup of Earl Grey tea to her lips , savoring the fragrant aroma .
tr	NNS	She pointed her thumbs at her chest , " Control freak perfectionist .
tr	NN	Inside , they found a small foyer with two chairs and a round table .
tr	NN	It would not only grab a toy , but immediately tear it into pieces .
tr	NN	Sparks were lighting up the shaft .
tr	NNS	The rest stayed open in hopes of drawing in the summer school students and the athletes that would be filtering in over the next couple weeks .
tr	NN	The baler was being used , a worker from Great Lakes Packaging throwing in sheets of discarded cardboard .
tr	NN	Now you can trust nobody .
tr	NNS	Music blared and colored lights danced off nearby gray buildings .
tr	NNS	" We 'll get those reinforcements .
tr	NN	Knowing she would be relieved eased the ache some , but not enough .
tr	NN	He was granted a crown duty every year but that duty does not increase in times of war .
tr	NN	Kim resisted the urge to touch her stomach .
tr	NNS	Save all the jokes and we 'll go over them one by one in a big heap .
tr	NN	But I remembered Helen 's overwhelming grief , and I didn 't think Helen had known why Sally died .
tr	NNS	Give me my strawberries . "
tr	NN	Daniel felt his whole body sag with relief .
tr	NN	For the first time since I 'd met Natalie , I saw terror in her eyes .
tr	NNS	" Do not quibble over titles .
tr	NN	" I have a responsibility to Grey House , Lira . "
tr	NN	The sound of its cry grew dimmer and dimmer until both it and the witch disappeared .
tr	NNS	" Five dollars . "
tr	NN	' Wish I 'd brought my net . '
tr	NNS	But Jasper wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	I am holding the twins to their mother .
tr	NN	Just a ' pissy old cock . ' "
tr	NNS	Setting aside her sandwich remains , she dusted crumbs from her hands and gestured behind her .
tr	NN	He twirled the umbrella .
tr	NNS	The rest of the family took up spectator positions , ready to barrack for their team .
tr	NNS	They mostly set fires , steal corpses , and walk around in human clothes , pretending to be your elderly mother so they can get free grub .
tr	NN	Shoving back up to her feet , she tapped a vintage bench used as a luggage rack and skimmed her fingers along the carved footboard .
tr	NN	The constant speech had given Jam an anchor to reality .
tr	NNS	Like some kind of callous inventory of assets , Dragos 's records contained only case numbers , control groups , and cold statistics .
tr	NNS	On their feet , they wore sandals .
tr	NN	Decided to die , collapsed , fell down sand dune into waterhole .
tr	NNS	We had mastered the elements .
tr	NNS	At the table , she picked up her sandals and spotted Moby heading their way .
tr	NN	I took her meaning : these were their horses .
tr	NN	He developed seasonal depression once the weather grew cold and wouldn 't pull out until spring returned .
tr	NN	Suddenly I had a Plan .
tr	NNS	" Sir , you know the capabilities of your craft better than I do .
tr	NN	Karou made a pondering gesture .
tr	NNS	At the edge of her yard , a black Sedan sat inches from the curb .
tr	NN	A few seconds later she tossed the pillow to the side .
tr	NN	" No offense , pretty boy , but you don 't exactly have the best reputation for keeping your promises . "
tr	NNS	A moment later she appeared yards away from me .
tr	NN	I watched her eyes peek through tiny slits , but never lose their twinkle .
tr	NNS	Controlling civil disturbances in the United States was also of utmost importance , especially given the manpower restrictions that they were faced with .
tr	NNS	Wonder what Eddie 's up to ?
tr	NNS	Francia sighs and says , " Viola 's in the orchards , gathering dropped fruits . "
tr	NNS	The Rosters had pushed politics on Alex since the moment he got into Purdue .
tr	NNS	When there was no other image I saw just the gems , and I called them ' the Marbles ' after the children 's game .
tr	NNS	Out of the corner of her eye , she noticed the new photographs on the bedside table .
tr	NN	I heard the rumor that you need a quarterback . "
tr	NNS	She remembered the emptiness she 'd seen in him last night , no trace of the sinfully smiling Mackenzie who 'd chased twenty-year-old Eleanor .
tr	NNS	" We get the army terms , but exactly what are we going to do to strike ? "
tr	NNS	He briefly skimmed the various items that had been left on his desk for perusal and approval .
tr	NNS	They didn 't quite know the lyrics , but that made it all the more entertaining .
tr	NNS	' But with Tony it could be anywhere -- he has so many cronies . '
tr	NN	The last book had a good quarter of the pages still blank .
tr	NN	Each of my vigilante custodians has their own method of evasion .
tr	NNS	" Take your positions , men !
tr	NNS	I sent her mental signals to back off , while keeping a pleasant look on my face .
tr	NNS	That one drunken night could have ruined my chances at becoming something .
tr	NN	" The next time you come , we 'll take my motorcycle out on one of the back roads and see what it can do .
tr	NNS	" I have some errands to run in Corpus today , so if you need anything , ask Trajan . "
tr	NN	she said , her fury blooming ahead of all the other emotions in an effort to save herself .
tr	NNS	Going down a corridor , he entered the tunnels and made it to the military compound unnoticed .
tr	NNS	When his face was clean , she switched her attentions to his right arm .
tr	NNS	Alexander never breaks dates . "
tr	NN	They watched the video forward again .
tr	NN	Isabella bit back a groan .
tr	NNS	Abandoning my boat , I led my own dolphins over to join the rest .
tr	NN	" He ain 't getting ' nothin ' outta me , son .
tr	NN	Garstang had meant no harm , so why look on him in a different light now ?
tr	NNS	" After all sex education with my mother not only covers the basics but she has a satisfaction section as well .
tr	NN	Those who are the greatest among you should take the lowest rank , and the leader should be like a servant . "
tr	NN	Sarah said a silent prayer of thanks to whatever gods were watching over them , although she was not sure why she felt such relief .
tr	NNS	" Well , you 'll like the winters .
tr	NN	I 've just learned my lesson !
tr	NN	Her fingers gave my arm an affectionate squeeze and her strength didn 't allow me to drag my feet , powering me ever forward .
tr	NN	Water trickled down the cascading hill of rocky matter underneath it and joined the main body of water several feet below .
tr	NN	She found a sodden DVD player in her neighbor 's garbage .
tr	NNS	He dropped the condoms beside the gun , her Daniel never losing sight of his protector role .
tr	NNS	I can feel his thighs against mine .
tr	NN	Sam rolled up his napkin .
tr	NNS	He 'd tell her stupid jokes that I knew she 'd be amused by .
tr	NN	Helen waved her fork at him .
tr	NN	Iona suppressed the wildcat with effort .
tr	NNS	The sensors augment the senses you have and add a few new ones .
tr	NNS	I was given funds and asked to post his bail . "
tr	NNS	He dialed numbers , and then held the receiver to his ear .
tr	NN	I got the impression that he didn 't talk about that with anyone .
tr	NNS	" I 'm seeing ghosts .
tr	NNS	They ground their teeth , gnawed the insides of their mouths , their bodies rigidly pivoting , their feet sinking deeper and deeper into slimy sand .
tr	NNS	Jacob 's hand hovered over the handlebars , ready to catch me if I needed him .
tr	NNS	She held the silver roses that she always wanted .
tr	NN	" Bravo , " said the president , and he gave a quick clap .
tr	NN	They 'd gone one block when Dan cast a glance to his left and spotted the heavy carved doors of Holy Name Cathedral .
tr	NNS	" This needle has silver elements in its composition .
tr	NN	She had nobody who really cared but me .
tr	NN	And therein lied a built-in lesson for students on frugality .
tr	NN	" I have an inkling , yes .
tr	NNS	Magnus saw more marks of laughter than of time on his face , and found himself smiling .
tr	NN	Leo takes out a box cutter from his pants pocket .
tr	NNS	He scanned their surroundings .
tr	NN	I had not written poetry in quite a while but she persuaded the romantic virtuoso within me to rise and write once more .
tr	NNS	asked Eris , " Buy a city ? "
tr	NNS	" Those corvettes have no markings and are old .
tr	NNS	She carefully peeled off the false eyelashes .
tr	NNS	She glanced at one the larger crates , " Tank inside that one . "
tr	NNS	" But approximately two point five million dollars . "
tr	NNS	" Two centuries ago , the first scientists to classify living things recognised only two kingdoms -- the animal kingdom and the plant kingdom .
tr	NNS	She knew her assets and showed them off .
tr	NN	Lucas handed Jason the firearm and the gun belt with a curling grin , his sly glance at Kate Borrowdale a final , spiteful gesture of defiance .
tr	NN	Halfway there , she noticed a lump in the center of Trevor 's bed .
tr	NN	She has the Sight , like yourself .
tr	NNS	You eat different foods and listen to different kinds of music without much problem .
tr	NN	Evidently , the gangsters respect my talent , even if they think I 'm nuts .
tr	NNS	The Mountains were coming nearer , and the land was beginning to rise in low hills as they left the small town .
tr	NN	Alaina brushed a tangle of red and green hair behind her pointy ears .
tr	NN	His voice held no conviction .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't possibly face both her deepest fears and Cain at the same time .
tr	NN	And he had faith in his instincts .
tr	NNS	There , shrouded in crepuscular gloom , he found the desolate and empty remains of what had undoubtedly once been a vast archive .
tr	NNS	Just remember , we have scientists here who designed hybrid rockets decades ago .
tr	NNS	He studied the tiles that covered the chamber where the tunnels met , finding no break , no other way out .
tr	NN	" What developments can you report that would keep me from having you killed ? "
tr	NNS	" You know fathers . "
tr	NNS	" So destroy the gate yourselves and all of the knowledge to conjure you or whatever .
tr	NN	Takes his time answering .
tr	NNS	And then some alien piece of shit came into my territory and started killing dogs and people , so here we are . "
tr	NNS	In one corner of the pegboard hung several pairs of shooting glasses and hearing protection .
tr	NNS	Bran holds the hairs up proudly , grinning .
tr	NNS	We examined the markings .
tr	NN	" But one should not tempt fate by saying never .
tr	NNS	I reset the breakers and got back to work .
tr	NNS	" How many offers have you gotten outside the Compound ? "
tr	NNS	They were following my tracks .
tr	NN	She was examining his place mat .
tr	NN	Someone placed a marker , a cross on the side of the road . "
tr	NN	As she sat there in silence , she could taste the acrid tang of bile on the back of her tongue .
tr	NNS	She didn 't finish the biscuits but went upstairs to go to bed .
tr	NNS	You could practice your nursing skills . "
tr	NNS	" Well , we wouldn 't have auras .
tr	NN	He grabbed his bandana from his pocket and began gently dabbing the stuff off her face .
tr	NN	I don 't ever recall a single argument rooted in my questionable hormonal behavior , for sure no conversations about drugs or alcohol in context with me .
tr	NNS	Taking some art classes .
tr	NNS	Sketches , too , like good scientists .
tr	NN	Rann fills the archway , smiling and nodding .
tr	NNS	Then he can get better supplies and maybe a horse , and the army can search for us in the ruins .
tr	NNS	Before my eyes , she pushed all those fears and insecurities aside , ignoring the part of her that only wanted comfort in my arms .
tr	NN	A girl with lots of problems to solve can never eat too much ice cream .
tr	NNS	Agent Marcelo quickly discerned his new surroundings to be a bit warmer than the last time he had the pleasure .
tr	NNS	I lost six patients in one week .
tr	NNS	And he had allies .
tr	NNS	In exchange he gives a few coins , praise God . "
tr	NN	Marcus gave a little snort .
tr	NNS	Would you do the honors ? "
tr	NN	He loaded another magazine into the Glock and leaned out of the window .
tr	NNS	The table only had two chairs , both of which were wooden like the table .
tr	NN	Sure , we 're not hurting anybody .
tr	NNS	His dignity belied the galley slave 's rags he still wore .
tr	NNS	Lise fluttered her eyelashes at him .
tr	NN	He certainly had an animal quality in the way he moved .
tr	NN	While his injured hand kept him from competing in many types of athletic contests , he found football to be an excellent answer .
tr	NNS	Nor was there a problem finding surgeons to do the job .
tr	NN	She had tucked the ring bearer 's pillow in behind her bouquet in a way that prevented its presence from being blatantly obvious . )
tr	NNS	" Quit busting my balls . "
tr	NN	' Feel the Power ! '
tr	NNS	Back home his parents would have called the hospitals and notified the police by now .
tr	NN	She would provide the proof of what they had long suspected , long hoped .
tr	NN	He dashed out a short email describing the high points of his analysis .
tr	NN	" No , I 'll get a rental .
tr	NN	His laughter chafed her spine .
tr	NNS	Ben handed over his items , paid , and then left the store .
tr	NNS	She scraped off the plates and set them inside the dishwasher .
tr	NN	I took my bath when I returned to our suite and did more listening .
tr	NNS	He had the kind of heart-stopping gorgeous features I 'd always given my fantasy cowboys .
tr	NN	Oh , yeah , they would gush about the joy and relief at having their beloved daughter home again .
tr	NNS	She confirmed his suspicions , and I took off the headphones , disgusted .
tr	NN	My mom gave me a final squeeze and then she and Dad released me .
tr	NNS	He looks to me immediately and then points to a page clipped to the file .
tr	NN	Liz couldn 't write an article about that Brady , and yet that Brady kept creeping into her thoughts .
tr	NN	He tapped the litter beneath him .
tr	NN	They could launch the equipment from the old marina and then bring the treasure back to the basement .
tr	NN	Maybe Jack had won the lottery , and they were calling to notify him !
tr	NN	She felt a momentary pang of guilt before squashing it down .
tr	NNS	" You have rights ... you 're allowed to see it ! "
tr	NNS	I can 't get the beatings out of my head .
tr	NN	She smoothed back a strand of Whitney 's hair .
tr	NN	' We use a different scale in modern music . '
tr	NNS	I needed new shelves , but that would have to wait , along with an idea I wanted to borrow from another store .
tr	NNS	Being fast on my feet had its benefits but I never thought one of them would be saving my father from getting thumped .
tr	NN	It had a beautiful quality to it , like a rushing wind , or flowing waters .
tr	NN	Dorothy removed Kay 's gown from the hanger .
tr	NN	She 'd given consideration to shooting Agent Reed , but had put that idea aside -- at least for the moment .
tr	NNS	She had countless opportunities to come clean - " " You can 't live in the past , Logan , " Melissa interjected .
tr	NN	she asked the engineer .
tr	NN	We 're not taking a vote . "
tr	NNS	I match his strokes , pushing him deeper into my core .
tr	NN	Gradually , they shredded the uniform .
tr	NNS	You haven 't taken those training wheels off yet ?
tr	NNS	" I had no complaints . "
tr	NNS	He gathers up his supplies and walks to the bathroom .
tr	NNS	The kid managed three shots before Katie hit him .
tr	NN	She dropped her backpack , which she figured she 'd take anyway , and jogged upstairs .
tr	NNS	And he 's taking all sorts of classes in college because he 's not sure what he wants to major in .
tr	NN	It certainly wouldn 't do any harm to humor Alexius , and maybe it would do some good .
tr	NNS	The fact that he does nothing only confirms my suspicions .
tr	NN	I expect little resistance , but you never know .
tr	NN	So then , Cuthbert has a rival , I thought , and Cuthbert knew it too .
tr	NNS	I 've had visions of this , over the years .
tr	NNS	Artists and crafters would be selling their wares .
tr	NN	Terry held back vomit .
tr	NN	It has electricity and a good refrigerator . "
tr	NNS	" We 've had so many arguments about one of us getting hurt .
tr	NN	Time to play basketball .
tr	NNS	We saw the first reports on the news , but the TV broadcasts didn 't last for very long after the outbreak . "
tr	NNS	Ellie had her suspicions ... " You got blood on your shirt , sir , " the lawman said .
tr	NN	Out of the list of twenty worlds , three sounded decent , but out of those three , one struck a chord with him .
tr	NNS	And only a handful of nights ago , he had seen the twins in his dreams !
tr	NN	She only had a handful of visits left before leaving for Paris and she wanted to make the most of them .
tr	NNS	No one foresaw the desperate measures he would take . "
tr	NN	I resumed the removal of his arm so I could get up when I heard him make a noise again , almost a hum .
tr	NN	I studied the design on her dress -- it was the same as her father 's .
tr	NNS	She threw back the covers and headed for the bathroom .
tr	NNS	I felt nauseous thinking about all of the weapons the men had in their utility belts .
tr	NN	He faked a yawn .
tr	NNS	Hell , I already make lamps and sofas and beds .
tr	NN	Mr. Fitzwilliam has made a proposal , and I do not know if I should accept . "
tr	NN	The system was typical , a small red star with a half-dozen planets , and scanners showed nothing .
tr	NNS	" We do use our skills . "
tr	NN	Presumably , she 'd been taking a bath when more important events overwhelmed her .
tr	NN	She ignored his interruption , despite the voice in the back of her mind that warned he was right .
tr	NN	Her fingers graze along my hip before trailing up my side to my ribs .
tr	NNS	Trolls and malevolent elves joined goblin sorcerers and imperiled the mage and his dancers .
tr	NN	Personal feelings aside , Casey needed protection .
tr	NNS	Cold air jolted my senses as I stepped outside .
tr	NNS	" I 've dog-eared all the pages that say anything about G , but none of them are of any use . "
tr	NN	" That would have required Mira 's compliance ? "
tr	NN	The lure of danger illustrates an attractive painting .
tr	NN	I need no instruction in that foolishness . "
tr	NN	For a minute , the operative felt a small pang of regret , seeing the sadness on Tessa 's face .
tr	NNS	God love her , she really only had my best interests at heart .
tr	NN	" You told nobody about the evidence . "
tr	NNS	The art depicts certain ancestors from Dreamtime , and other animals of the region today .
tr	NN	Her mother , organized to the core , had pinned up next week 's dinner menu .
tr	NNS	The world is going backwards .
tr	NN	He put cream in his coffee , and sat back suppressing a yawn .
tr	NN	" Oh , thank goodness .
tr	NN	And there it stood , just moments away : a safe haven , an oasis in the vastness of a desert of black shadow .
tr	NNS	A bunch of our friends called out greetings as Maria and I entered the common room .
tr	NNS	I browsed the aisles in the truck stop where we had stopped and found only overpriced aspirin .
tr	NN	I felt a lump in my throat .
tr	NN	Cherry had made one exception , replacing flaky Cuban bread with whole grain rolls that she 'd picked up earlier than morning from the farmer 's market .
tr	NN	He pictured the vault filling with water and imagined drowning amid all of this wealth .
tr	NN	I smile and fight the urge to drop the tray of samples and launch myself into his arms and wrap my legs around his waist .
tr	NN	Ransom followed her example .
tr	NN	I feel the certainty flood through me , as if there was ever any doubt .
tr	NN	She also wove a diamond laced hair band -- fake I hoped -- around the bun .
tr	NN	" I already called the fire department , but you might want to get out here .
tr	NN	She floated the pen over the paper .
tr	NN	As soon as our bodies collided , I had her pinned against the shower wall , spreading her legs wide .
tr	NNS	Just the thought of caulking her again probably gave him nightmares . '
tr	NN	On the other side of the Fountain , a driver backed his wagon to the cage .
tr	NNS	' Even if it means injuring members of the opposite team ? '
tr	NN	She wore a bib apron over her T-shirt and jeans .
tr	NN	How did he manage such self-control ?
tr	NNS	" I noticed at least a few good scones in there . "
tr	NN	He made a gesture like you would measure a fish .
tr	NN	We can enjoy the festival . "
tr	NN	He pulled his pistol out .
tr	NN	Had he now constructed some crude instrument while he 'd been gone ?
tr	NN	The Librarian cracked his knuckles .
tr	NNS	How many chances did a person deserve ?
tr	NN	He 'd driven his own Bride away .
tr	NNS	I wander the halls for a while .
tr	NNS	In case it isn 't painfully obvious , your image is headed down the tubes .
tr	NNS	She flitted off , left hand pressed delicately to her bosom .
tr	NNS	There are burn marks on his right hand , ugly welts .
tr	NN	In 1976 , Jimmy Carter was elected president over Gerald Ford , who 'd replaced Richard Nixon .
tr	NNS	Got any more peaches ? "
tr	NNS	The bull swung its blades .
tr	NNS	It took Camden a few breaths to realize Mal had stopped speaking .
tr	NN	I just accept a bold method of bringing my greater mindedness into aid for the world . "
tr	NNS	Shane stripped back the quilts , and Diego laid Cassidy on the sheets .
tr	NN	He has a closet full of beautiful colored shirts with white collars .
tr	NNS	Maybe they 'd take down several more Crew members , and all the ones who felt so strongly about exacting revenge would be locked up .
tr	NN	Ahead , a few feet down another hall , he spotted the second staircase , winding a steep path down and up to the third floor .
tr	NNS	Every minute reduces the chances that we 'll find her alive . "
tr	NNS	At once she felt stark emptiness .
tr	NNS	No she didn 't want drugs .
tr	NN	I pushed my keyboard away , looking at her closely .
tr	NNS	I promise you I 'll do everything I can to win Theo 's love and keep it , ' he said fervently .
tr	NN	I shoved the metal frame roughly - it crashed shut and the glass trembled .
tr	NN	She even did a tiny twirl in one of the Diane von Furstenberg dresses .
tr	NNS	" Holy mackerel , how in the heck do you get all these gods beating down your door ?
tr	NN	Bending a banana or crushing a grape wasn 't exactly The World 's Strongest Man .
tr	NNS	We 're meeting your folks early at the Empire State Building to try to fight some of the crowds that will be there later today . "
tr	NNS	And her statement confirmed his suspicions that she was no tourist .
tr	NN	Mason grunted his acknowledgment .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , but I don 't Google ' German insults . ' "
tr	NN	I gave you my loyalty , my life .
tr	NN	It took all my manhood , pride and something else to get me to follow her .
tr	NN	He brushed his knuckles against my cheek in what I was sure he meant to be a loving caress .
tr	NNS	You probably got the metals from water and dining utensils .
tr	NNS	He told detectives that she came to him , insisting Martin would kill her or one of the kids if he didn 't step in .
tr	NNS	I gave her a thumbs up and we were on our way .
tr	NN	Mark silently said a prayer .
tr	NN	He let out a disbelieving snort .
tr	NNS	It took the combined efforts of his brothers as well as Gannon and Cormac to force him from Keeley 's chamber .
tr	NN	He opened his desk drawer all the way out and rummaged around , his hand disappearing into the back of the drawer .
tr	NNS	The terror he saw in the eyes around here , though , would require more skills than he possessed .
tr	NNS	You love dogs . "
tr	NNS	I saw all sorts of things until I got to the White House .
tr	NNS	But it 's not just for creating snakes on your skin .
tr	NN	You don 't get a lawyer or a chaplain or your mommy .
tr	NNS	And fifty yards on , another .
tr	NN	I heard Katrina 's sharp intake of breath .
tr	NNS	" Kept your wits about you .
tr	NN	In the end , Will left a marker over the grave .
tr	NN	He heard the sudden clash of breaking glass , then he came down the last of the stairs and into the antechamber .
tr	NNS	The Zurich attorneys had requested a few minor changes , but nothing significant .
tr	NN	You can 't leave the dorm . "
tr	NN	I groaned my acknowledgment .
tr	NNS	You make the terms .
tr	NNS	Love would do miracles ; it works like a charm especially in case of studies and exams .
tr	NN	" I had ice cream , remember ? "
tr	NN	The wolves had made a truce with him long ago .
tr	NNS	Her low cut top left her breasts nearly tumbling out .
tr	NNS	After all , everybody liked deer .
tr	NN	" Don 't start your matchmaking here .
tr	NNS	You have billions of dollars riding on your shoulders .
tr	NN	We made a late night pizza and put on a movie .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my palms over my goose bumps .
tr	NN	I hit End on my phone .
tr	NNS	" I don 't like complications . "
tr	NN	Will you need soap ? "
tr	NNS	His dog knew snakes , but Hank wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	She smoothes the soft leather vest with a set of manicured fingernails sitting upright and alert .
tr	NN	" Because I didn 't have any proof .
tr	NN	" I get a little achy . "
tr	NN	Agrippa and Tiberius enlarged the theatre , and Trajan finished their work .
tr	NNS	With one hand supporting her around her waist , he unbuttoned and unzipped his leathers , shoving them down his hips and thighs .
tr	NN	She wears dark colored , lightweight wicking material .
tr	NN	Laci had a short glimpse of a tan chest with very little hair and muscles rippling underneath smooth skin .
tr	NN	But she could move her trunk and her head and neck .
tr	NNS	I had no legal rights over the twins , and because of my love for my family , I never would .
tr	NN	He saw pity in her eyes -- and fear .
tr	NN	I obviously didn 't know jack and it was time to ask for help .
tr	NNS	Because our facilities for transplantation are limited , a hospital review board selects patients .
tr	NN	In May of 1956 , Harold and Alice announced their engagement .
tr	NN	They scraped up the green stew on to the bread and munched happily .
tr	NN	Amber soon brought a candle to the table to be lit and set next to Linsey .
tr	NN	You have a new nephew waiting for you .
tr	NNS	The 20th century also saw dramatic discoveries in the field of anthropology , with new fossil finds helping to piece together the story of human evolution .
tr	NN	His facial features were hard and thick , frown lines souring any resemblance to Melissa .
tr	NN	" Who are you calling a loser , loser ? "
tr	NN	Julie showed potential , moving well for a human child , quiet and careful despite the dim and unfamiliar surroundings .
tr	NN	I had a huge backpack on me and my hair was obviously disheveled even if it was tied in a pony .
tr	NN	Quinn put down his fork .
tr	NNS	I 'm not taking any chances . "
tr	NN	She had this hangover to get rid of , for one , and people she had to take care of .
tr	NN	He had his first violin lesson today , so he didn 't have a chance after school . "
tr	NNS	She pushed the scales back into the corner and went to bed .
tr	NN	" We , uh ... have a visitor . "
tr	NN	He gently tugged a strand of her hair .
tr	NNS	His body was still in working condition , the cuts hadn 't severed any major tendons or arteries .
tr	NNS	The wagon had portable flood lamps attached to telescopic stands .
tr	NNS	7 lifted his palms and shrugged .
tr	NNS	The fourth match , the puzzle tests both math and geometrical skills along with common knowledge reflecting the planets and citizens of the unknown universe .
tr	NN	" We don 't know the code .
tr	NN	If she decided to use the photo , she could use the smudge feature of Alexander 's photo editing program to remove the vehicle .
tr	NN	He opened a drawer and withdrew two sheets of A4 paper .
tr	NNS	Without a substitute at the last minute , I moved some meetings around to be available to teach .
tr	NNS	We lowered our blades and let the robes hide them , since they would give us away if they saw us .
tr	NNS	I was researching surveillance cameras online and needed a pen to write down the models .
tr	NNS	" You 'll really need those balls , " I said , " because I think you 're going to have to carry me . "
tr	NNS	A large blackened crater opened a few yards away .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't received any visions since we left Connecticut , though I probably wasn 't accessible during my time in the Deeps .
tr	NNS	The civil unrest had caused many losses within their ranks , while others simply left of their own volition in an attempt to save their own families .
tr	NNS	She threw back the covers and got out of bed , suddenly awake .
tr	NN	Jack neared the bedside and took hold of Joshua 's hand .
tr	NNS	' In addition , we have reports of priests from all Christian denominations resigning , but it 's the Catholic Church which is feeling the brunt .
tr	NNS	I roll my own cigarettes or else I couldn 't afford them . "
tr	NN	He immediately took her offering of comfort , and she wrapped her arms around him and rested her cheek on his chest .
tr	NNS	K took several deep breaths with him .
tr	NNS	Grab the boards and let 's go ! "
tr	NNS	She evened out the creases in her simple dress and tossed her short blonde hair out of her eyes .
tr	NN	Her carriage be coming down the hill . "
tr	NNS	We need back roads .
tr	NN	If anyone found out that she had slept with Brady , then she could lose all credibility as a journalist .
tr	NN	As a professional matchmaker I assumed a massive responsibility .
tr	NN	He gave her the code , his gaze burning into hers .
tr	NNS	She took three bites .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry I was rude Skylar , I didn 't mean any harm by it . "
tr	NN	Remember the ghost detector ? "
tr	NN	Before you took pity on a fellow in his melancholia . "
tr	NNS	" Use paints , that is . "
tr	NN	He deposited his backpack in a chair and reached for one of the huge folders , the October edition .
tr	NN	The woman curled up against him sighed in her sleep and wiggled just a little closer , brushing her ass against his c * ck again .
tr	NN	He flicks the cloth out of the way irritably before coming toward us and sitting beside me at the table in the Gathering Place .
tr	NN	She gave an exasperated huff .
tr	NN	" Give it the Asking Beast , let it hunt it , and catch it . "
tr	NN	I feel something snap in Dante 's heart , a breaking of strings .
tr	NN	Deep inside , I feel an ache of disappointment .
tr	NNS	Upon the table set polished chrome humorous bone with a snake of wires protruding from several locations along its length .
tr	NN	She held his stare as she unbuttoned her jeans and slid the zipper down so slowly it made his balls ache .
tr	NNS	But it won 't bother us , I promise , Jess . "
tr	NNS	She passed greetings to Amy and Calvin and said she hoped to see everyone soon .
tr	NNS	You must have seen photographs of Michael Wayland and realized he wasn 't the man you called your father . "
tr	NN	Genie felt the depression over that swelling inside her .
tr	NNS	I like cats . "
tr	NNS	I 'll take my chances staying single . "
tr	NNS	The two women locked their stares for several tense seconds .
tr	NN	The meds were still in her system , making her unsteady .
tr	NNS	" Tim made some sandwiches . "
tr	NN	She was letting out all her pent up anger and aggression out on him , and she knew he didn 't deserve it .
tr	NN	He heard rubber grinding on pavement ; the car must have made a U-turn , and the sound of the vehicle vanished down the road .
tr	NNS	But how could they get past al of us ? "
tr	NN	In a trendy bar in Central London , Jasmin Sharma gratefully received an enormous cocktail from the waiter .
tr	NNS	For the first time , Mad Dog noticed his surroundings .
tr	NN	I suffered a curious sensation of disappointment that this was not the terrible man who had tried to hurt me almost a year ago .
tr	NNS	He turned the knobs , hearing the familiar crackle .
tr	NN	He took his craft seriously , didn 't do drugs , and didn 't drink much at all . "
tr	NN	For once in his existence he possessed a true responsibility .
tr	NNS	" Mari will lose those babies if they get to her and try to make her move . "
tr	NN	I quickly find a compact in my purse .
tr	NNS	They downed the dregs of their tea and stood up .
tr	NN	The short black hair fit his abrupt personality .
tr	NNS	Surely you fed versions of the camera to satellite studios , so they could break them apart and reverse engineer them .
tr	NNS	He used our efforts to his advantage whenever he could .
tr	NN	As soon as she left , Jimmy set up his monitor like before .
tr	NNS	My heart 's thumping a million beats and my legs are about to fall off my body but still we run .
tr	NN	His eyes had a rather opalescent quality , or so she had thought several times .
tr	NNS	He 's with me though , he 'd cut their balls off if he had the chance . '
tr	NN	" You bear a striking physical resemblance to Morgan Hempstead and I couldn 't help but notice that you have the same first name . "
tr	NNS	Setting the books aside , she pulled out balls of yarn , spools of thread , cloth , and needles .
tr	NN	She served a hot roast with vegetables , and a jam tart with custard , to Henry , Will , Tessa , and Jem for dinner .
tr	NNS	I groped a few paces forward , hit my shin violently against something , and fell .
tr	NN	I popped open the top drawer , pulled out the flask , and gave the contents a warning sniff .
tr	NN	" Nice bench . "
tr	NN	He shifted his rifle and grasped it in both hands before him as his mocha eyes surveyed the crowded tunnel .
tr	NNS	And he took shots all over the church , even outside , pointed at the dumbest locations ! "
tr	NN	And take your pet leech with you before I play a game of Pin the Stake in the Vamp . "
tr	NNS	So the seven of them load up their pack mules and horses and head out in the middle of November 1753 .
tr	NN	And yet , in the light of a flickering fire , she could see his nightstand .
tr	NNS	Otherwise , why would he have needed armies to conquer ?
tr	NN	I felt the breeze as Time recognised one of its own .
tr	NNS	Before we could express how delighted we were to be invited , he quickly pushed two cups into our hands .
tr	NN	The smoke from a burning body had a different aroma than that of any other substance .
tr	NN	I appreciate and enjoy the quietness and privacy afforded by that section of the country .
tr	NN	Bleached kelp pulp and hand presses in every little community turned out literature and news that was affordable and could be passed around .
tr	NN	Thank goodness the power was back on .
tr	NNS	We are only just now getting our supplies from our last camp .
tr	NNS	" It gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	" They own all the current city contracts for cement , concrete , and crushed stone .
tr	NN	My body tenses around his fingers , wanting release .
tr	NNS	She could never resist my arguments .
tr	NN	" Don 't break a nail !
tr	NN	His mouth was just as ravenous and captured her nipple , teasing the hard peak with his mouth and teeth .
tr	NN	They all glanced around at one another , nobody making a move to answer it .
tr	NNS	" Did they have forks in ancient Macedonia ? "
tr	NNS	Keeping tabs on him ?
tr	NN	And again , he could just barely sense a whisk of red in the mirror .
tr	NNS	She and all our sisters ! "
tr	NN	His fingers had felt a stairwell when his eyes had seen carpeted floor .
tr	NN	Claire 's heart gave a skip of relief when she saw the familiar green bus parked up ahead of them .
tr	NNS	" Kenny would have laughed his balls off .
tr	NN	I should sell your veil and robes and let you parade around naked .
tr	NNS	She closed the drapes against the lightening of the sky and shut the door behind her as she left .
tr	NNS	I slowly adjust the frequency and gain pots ; it only takes a couple of minutes at this range .
tr	NNS	One boy grabbed the reins to our horses and led them towards an outlying building .
tr	NN	I had a sudden urge to take a swing at someone .
tr	NN	Alex nestled the cluster of grapes back into the vine and stared out over the vineyard .
tr	NNS	But they had useless brains , capable of thinking only about grass and making other things that went baa .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens she 'd learned a little about how to look before you leap .
tr	NN	I ate another strawberry and she cried out , " Cin , come now , do not toy with me so !
tr	NNS	" I saw your claw marks on her throat . "
tr	NN	Marla could easily handle the task of greeting the coffee shop 's patrons .
tr	NN	" I 'll take a peek . "
tr	NNS	He even had human servants who seemed to have no fear of the dragons they served .
tr	NN	And when we project a wish into the universe , we attract that possibility to us .
tr	NNS	She slid the mattress in the corner and sat down , inhaling the fresh smell of hay .
tr	NN	Innocent gave a hesitant shrug .
tr	NN	Marie spits her orange juice out and starts coughing like crazy .
tr	NNS	She knew Gabriel 's skills , knew him well enough to have faith he would slay every man .
tr	NNS	" I have contacts in exclusive shops everywhere .
tr	NN	" But you 'll have no electricity ! "
tr	NN	She could not hide her distaste .
tr	NN	The doctor grabbed a nearby rag and draped it over the nodule .
tr	NNS	It knocked one guard senseless and practically buried the rest of the line before reinforcements got there . "
tr	NNS	The fine fabric of his pants abraded her inner thighs gently , sending a shiver from her scalp down to her toes .
tr	NN	He shoved a pillow under his head to look into her eyes .
tr	NN	" We played phone tag . "
tr	NN	For some odd reason she had the urge to lay her head on his chest .
tr	NN	Ever since then , he 's had a healthy platonic respect for her . "
tr	NN	" Our enemy uses venom instead of swords , spears , and bows .
tr	NN	She pulled open an empty drawer .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you have any ornaments ? "
tr	NNS	" They found bite marks on her .
tr	NN	' Enjoy the chase ? '
tr	NNS	Fear grabs their hearts .
tr	NNS	" Thanks , Mum , but I don 't want the biscuits . "
tr	NN	McBride caught a fragrance of cooked food .
tr	NN	But in the overwhelming pressure of my situation , with the fuse hissing away next to me , I used the wrong command !
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples , which were beginning to throb .
tr	NN	Orson opened a dresser drawer and perused it for a moment , finally lifting out a gray box cutter .
tr	NNS	' I said no groupies ! '
tr	NN	One hit the trunk again , a dangerously close call , just as Javier brought the car spinning around the corner and on to another road .
tr	NN	I let my hand tangle in the back of his hair , slipping down to smooth over his brow , feathering my fingers there .
tr	NN	The wall has green foliage spilling from its top .
tr	NNS	She felt butterflies at his term of endearment .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	I could hear the quotation marks in his tone .
tr	NNS	They couldn 't understand my mood swings .
tr	NN	He crossed the oriental rug with swift strides and kissed the back of each pale , slender hand .
tr	NNS	He gripped her thighs , opening her wide .
tr	NN	I let the screen door slam behind me and slump down next to Blake on the steps .
tr	NNS	Tucker fired , three quick shots in that direction with no real hope of hitting her .
tr	NNS	The four visitors bought their provisions and left town before anyone had a chance to accuse them of anything .
tr	NNS	A yell was heard a few hundred yards away at the village .
tr	NNS	With his nose and mouth sealed , his lungs quickly exhausted the remaining bits of oxygen .
tr	NNS	This will carry the essential elements of the rainbow maker .
tr	NNS	I love her hugs .
tr	NN	Don 't look so glum .
tr	NNS	Let 's have those items . "
tr	NNS	She was also pulling previous accounting reports for them to review , tax reports and purchasing files .
tr	NN	" Noor , call an ambulance , hurry , Soraya is having a miscarriage . "
tr	NN	" I had an epiphany .
tr	NNS	What do you call yourselves ? '
tr	NNS	You had fast instincts , even then . "
tr	NNS	I had been watching the newly blooming shrubs by my bench and the ripples on the surface of the water for fifteen minutes when he finally appeared .
tr	NN	" This is getting off topic . "
tr	NN	No reply met his questioning .
tr	NN	Interrupting that kiss last night had ignited her daughter 's imagination .
tr	NN	The whole system goes belly up .
tr	NN	It 's considered a lifetime appointment . "
tr	NN	Besides , what proof did she have that finding the Well would even help ?
tr	NN	I slid off the dresser , tugging him to follow me to the opposite side of the room .
tr	NNS	" I have powers , girlie . "
tr	NN	I don 't have a passport .
tr	NNS	I had blown snot balls when he had shown them to me .
tr	NN	She has transformed this coven for the better . "
tr	NNS	At breakfast , the girls ordered their meals and then enjoyed coffee while waiting for their food .
tr	NNS	And hadn 't I used my powers for the first time on the one night that we were separated ?
tr	NNS	His c * ck swelled and he wondered how he 'd make it back to his office , let alone the parking garage eighteen floors below .
tr	NN	I 've actually seen the emergency vet before .
tr	NNS	I saw the instant packs down there but I 'm like your dad and prefer the freshly brewed stuff . "
tr	NNS	" They have the addresses of all my friends and family , too . "
tr	NN	Manuel set the vase on the counter .
tr	NNS	Friends didn 't read other friends ' texts .
tr	NNS	Diane had always had a reporter 's directness .
tr	NN	My next step is entering the writing contest .
tr	NN	She adjusted the wrap around her shoulders and Julian draped his arm around her , trying to offer her comfort .
tr	NN	" I need your advice . "
tr	NN	He spent the first night hallucinating , somehow imagining he was back in the Alamo .
tr	NN	" I have closure .
tr	NN	What the fuck was I saying ?
tr	NN	Ethan carefully lowered the trapdoor and descended .
tr	NN	Tyler gave Alex 's hand a squeeze before releasing it .
tr	NN	Without taking his eyes off me , he clicked his ballpoint pen and put it in his shirt pocket .
tr	NN	Silver serving dishes crowded the sideboard .
tr	NNS	They also have vast numbers of citizens in their society with men outnumbering the women by huge numbers .
tr	NNS	Then it showed him visions from another world .
tr	NNS	I did not take any unnecessary chances . "
tr	NN	Blood all over a bare chest will give that impression .
tr	NN	Never once did they mention a certain lovely ballerina or her many predecessors , or the governess who had shared his bed in this very house .
tr	NN	" However you try to disguise it , you end up feeding without being nourished . "
tr	NNS	" I hunted deer when I was younger ! "
tr	NNS	And maybe Mr. Z does have some mental powers we don 't know about .
tr	NN	He brings his toe away .
tr	NNS	Liam put the mushrooms back in the bag and reached for the cauliflower .
tr	NN	I embraced my destiny .
tr	NN	He felt a fatigue coming over himself that pulled at him .
tr	NNS	Bored , drunk fishermen raised island dogs to tear each other 's faces off .
tr	NN	He offered her the butt of the knife .
tr	NN	Where else would she get a workplace that could even come near to matching what she had here at Wide Blue Yonder ?
tr	NNS	Then , I blink my eyelashes .
tr	NN	She dropped the hand towel onto his crotch .
tr	NNS	" Got any hot dogs ? "
tr	NNS	I didn 't put peanuts in the beans like you told them . "
tr	NNS	Quickly , she surveyed her surroundings for any other signs of danger .
tr	NN	Tyra gives me a pat on the shoulder .
tr	NN	" I know every speed trap between here and Red Mountain .
tr	NNS	All year , I 'd been cleaning up other people 's messes , but this damage ?
tr	NN	Her face is done up kabuki style with too much makeup and not enough reality left for the discriminating eye .
tr	NN	I had a different style of speechifying to most of the plum voiced would-be politicians in those days .
tr	NNS	Aside from climbing trees and getting lost in the woods , he never had any real skills to be proud of .
tr	NNS	As I continue unwillingly sewing , I hear some noises outside .
tr	NN	His right side had begun a dull throbbing with all the walking .
tr	NNS	Julia loved the boldness in branding her own body with a wish for love .
tr	NNS	Servant girls brought them trays of food and tea to refresh themselves .
tr	NN	And , come to think of it , couldn 't Kate have created that whole electrifying effect using one of those Taser things ?
tr	NNS	Stella and the other students poured buckets of water on the ring of fire .
tr	NNS	" Repeat : abandon all such attempts .
tr	NNS	A heavy fog clouded her senses pressuring her to give in , but she fought it .
tr	NNS	We invited a few other key members of Congress who have stuck by our side , too . "
tr	NN	" I have a bath in my bedroom .
tr	NN	She hadn 't sold a single article since she 'd quit the paper , or even received a positive response to one of her queries .
tr	NNS	He wiped the drops from his face with one large hand and laughed .
tr	NNS	He used his thumbs to wipe the twin lines of tears .
tr	NNS	You can 't see my breasts under it .
tr	NNS	But the sense of exhilaration she got from good old-fashioned yard work and the hour in the sun had done wonders for her mood .
tr	NNS	When we get back to the cave , we will send the next two teams up .
tr	NNS	He devotes pages to telling men where to meet women .
tr	NN	Sean looks a little bewildered now .
tr	NN	He looked other worldly , beautiful , and invisible to the guard .
tr	NN	He 's got his own agenda .
tr	NNS	He could smell the additional 15 points on his final exam .
tr	NNS	So I guess everything changes for us now .
tr	NN	I felt a flood of relief .
tr	NN	As if Lauren needed protection from her own sister .
tr	NNS	A place where it wouldn 't be found until he could cover his tracks .
tr	NNS	she again whispered , breathless , lowering her head , to look only at the dirt beneath her feet .
tr	NNS	Hector did love his tales of war .
tr	NN	Joey and I watched the chimps do crazy flips and chase each other in front of us , their cries and calls a playful banter between them .
tr	NN	" Target , six a clock ! "
tr	NN	The roar of the wind as it showed its fury .
tr	NNS	I have rights ! "
tr	NNS	Within six months , we were all removed or left our positions .
tr	NNS	He was regaining his senses and was half sitting up .
tr	NN	He gave the command softly , firmly , holding her mind with his .
tr	NNS	" No , Kurt has some errands I 've got to do .
tr	NN	Flowers surround the marble staircase that leads up to his rotten home .
tr	NN	Emery and Jonah each gave me one more hostile glare before they trailed after her .
tr	NNS	They 'll make excuses , but you 'll have to stay on them . "
tr	NNS	I lay my cards out , relishing the look of all those similar cards next to each other .
tr	NNS	Not if you paid me a million dollars .
tr	NNS	Every world had its ethnic foods .
tr	NN	He pulled the backpack over his shoulder and switched the rifle from one hand to the other in a motion that spoke of long practice .
tr	NNS	She tossed a few copper coins on the table and stormed out .
tr	NN	The UPS driver walked into the shop , wheeling his cart stacked five high with large cardboard boxes .
tr	NNS	Jackson had invited two other Greeks and they arrived , quite fashionably , an hour late .
tr	NNS	They show special talents right away .
tr	NN	He held up the pistol in his hand .
tr	NN	The Watcher used the statue as well , Pulling himself forward .
tr	NNS	My stomach gets little butterflies .
tr	NN	Then Carol gave me the task of monitoring their gambling .
tr	NN	I shoved the plastic off me .
tr	NN	Put out a press release saying we feel their pain , saving the planet , or something .
tr	NN	I speared my last chunk of steak and chewed on it .
tr	NNS	" So they weren 't giving each other these diseases ? "
tr	NNS	" You keep your skates in a thrift store ? "
tr	NN	" I haven 't fired a rifle before ... " Hannah started to say but remembered the pulses her suit fired , while escaping the Sentinels .
tr	NNS	And then a new worry blossoms .
tr	NN	And , on top of that , what kind of monster could literally control an entire landscape ?
tr	NNS	When we return to our world , I 'll better understand the wolves at the center .
tr	NNS	The hotel was being paid large sums of money to protect the privacy and identity of Mr. Fitch .
tr	NN	She will also be allotted a pension .
tr	NN	Gretchen then immediately burst my bubble .
tr	NN	One of the monsters let out a deep growl that sent a jolt of primal fear ripping through her system .
tr	NNS	" Oh , thank heavens you 're not still stuck in that dreadful place .
tr	NN	Did Damian have a human accomplice ?
tr	NNS	However , peace and harmony isn 't awaiting the six members of Sector 7 ... misadventures lie ahead !
tr	NN	She pictured the foul flock squirming out of that hole each night .
tr	NN	They 'd driven southeast , maybe fifteen miles from base .
tr	NNS	It took me a few blinks to recognize where I was .
tr	NNS	He felt butterflies in his stomach when the aircraft took off .
tr	NNS	I hesitantly fed my soggy carcass into the car , followed by Stefano , who sat across from me .
tr	NNS	" Honestly , " I tell the doctors .
tr	NNS	Charlie followed the deer to the tree line before deciding to obey her master .
tr	NNS	He turned his palms up .
tr	NNS	Bernard staggered backwards , but even though she now had the ability to control water , it hadn 't been worth it .
tr	NNS	And the less fear you showed , the more likely you 'd win the points you wanted .
tr	NNS	Sam tallied the items as he put them in .
tr	NNS	All females bore twins and sometimes more but only one child , was allowed to live beyond the first few months .
tr	NN	She 'd had a speech prepared since sophomore year .
tr	NN	The reminder of Jake 's pursuit of me when we were younger cast a pall of sadness over me , but I nodded .
tr	NN	Don 't take a rocket scientist to know that ?
tr	NN	I still didn 't understand her logic , but I wasn 't about to challenge her .
tr	NNS	He 's calling contacts , pretending he actually works here .
tr	NNS	They could renounce the duchess and live .
tr	NN	He tossed the pillow back .
tr	NNS	Leaving the gaming tables behind , he strolled up and down the aisles of slot machines .
tr	NNS	So you should keep your remarks to yourself . "
tr	NNS	He was monitoring the rocket 's positions .
tr	NN	Bash resisted the urge to offer to wash her back and headed into the kitchen .
tr	NN	Josh rubbed one temple and gave in .
tr	NN	After peering into the next window , Pigeon gave them a thumbs-up .
tr	NNS	His hands skimmed her breasts , moved up to frame her face .
tr	NNS	You can take the reins .
tr	NN	Danny immediately pulls a pen from his pocket and begins to cross it out .
tr	NN	Briefly , I explained my recent encounter and how it had occurred to me that this force only visited when I was troubled and depressed .
tr	NN	Maddy slid a bolt across the rooftop door , and froze when she saw what Edwin was pointing at .
tr	NN	After a hundred feet , the protesters thinned out , the urge to berate us apparently diminishing as we moved farther from the House .
tr	NN	A shiver runs down my spine as yesterday comes back to me .
tr	NNS	Dazed and clutching the black granite mantelpiece , he gripped his temples .
tr	NNS	They can no longer maintain cables for power and communications .
tr	NN	And because she was annoyed , she stuffed her wool cap in her coat pocket and walked out of the apartment , leaving the door open .
tr	NNS	Theo took the tapes and thanked him .
tr	NNS	As he turned , Clary saw the sharpened metal disks threaded through his belt .
tr	NN	The breeze carried a very salty almost metallic flavor on it as it swirled around me .
tr	NN	" But it cost a fortune to get a guarded courier to bring it from Memphis .
tr	NN	Todd scanned the deed , although he didn 't really know what he was looking for .
tr	NN	' Tom always runs the payroll on the last week in the month . '
tr	NN	You need a real hero . "
tr	NN	When Sebastian got back to the hotel and discovered her missing and the window broken , he would quickly figure out her disappearance was courtesy of Madeline .
tr	NNS	During her stay in the army , she appreciated particularly the combat androids , so fundamental for the success of many missions .
tr	NN	" You 've played a keyboard before , right ? "
tr	NNS	He knew the basics of the sport , and he thought he had known that they possessed no speaking mechanism .
tr	NN	Once the soil turned to rock , he set the shovel down and cried .
tr	NNS	But I see the little wheels spinning already , and I 'm afraid what you 'll end up wanting is white picket fences .
tr	NNS	He scheduled the maintenance crews and made sure the equipment was delivered onsite .
tr	NN	Then Courtney read her name tag .
tr	NNS	When the creature was sure it had got her full attention , it pulled out a tiny hourglass on a silver chain and pointed at it urgently .
tr	NN	She 'd made the reveal because she wouldn 't let her past hurt these people .
tr	NNS	' We can 't kill priests ! '
tr	NN	He 's got lung cancer now and won 't last long .
tr	NNS	I could blame Nat 's pregnancy hormones being too close to my vicinity causing me to be overly sensitive .
tr	NNS	" As sure as I can be from running simulations . "
tr	NNS	I grabbed the reins and tugged at the dolphins to hurry forward in the opposite direction .
tr	NN	He held a clump of my hair within his fingers and took a good long sniff of it .
tr	NN	" You don ´ t like this Finley guy , do you ? "
tr	NN	She carried a flute of champagne in one hand , as if forgotten .
tr	NN	From eye to tail I cut that shark .
tr	NNS	He manages six shots before the Colonies soldiers return fire .
tr	NN	She swallowed a moan .
tr	NNS	The warden sees three figures walking through the docking tunnel and even at this distance he recognizes one of them to be Captain Drake .
tr	NNS	Thank God he possesses enough perception skills to read my tone .
tr	NN	He 'll give us a glimpse of the beautiful shore He 's built for us on the borders of heaven .
tr	NNS	the immortals added their two bits in an effort to console Lily .
tr	NNS	" And it all started centuries ago , with a little blond boy skipping through the fields of Norway . "
tr	NNS	As I staggered to my feet , Ares slammed his palms into the center of the Titan 's chest and yelled .
tr	NN	In Roadtrip to Redemption , Leslie knits a preemie cap for a precious little baby named Carson in Charlotte , North Carolina .
tr	NNS	We make considerable payments to several intelligence agencies on a yearly basis , yours included - payments in the millions .
tr	NN	Do vampires eat porridge and stew ? "
tr	NNS	He had fired twelve shots in rapid succession .
tr	NNS	" Don 't make excuses for him , Thea . "
tr	NNS	Lobster meat clung to Tiffany 's curls like Christmas ornaments on a tree .
tr	NN	She picked up her sewing and didn 't say anything else .
tr	NN	And perhaps because it was so simple , it had only drawn a more stark comparison between Eveline 's beauty and the plainness of her apparel .
tr	NNS	Larry sped the two blocks to the doctor 's office .
tr	NN	He barked at me in that uncouth tongue the Achaeans claim as their language .
tr	NN	What new terror did he have walking toward me ?
tr	NNS	Maron patted his pockets until he found his lighter , and igniting the stick .
tr	NNS	Then charge my servants with the duty of travelling through my kingdom seeking every maiden that is of age , that she might try on this shoe .
tr	NN	" No other woman has a claim on me , and you know it , so don 't bring up that crap again .
tr	NNS	I could only hear bits and pieces , but it sounds like they have the best doctors for my surgery and treatment in New York City .
tr	NN	Derek wore his dark blue STF uniform and she could barely catch her breath at the sight of him .
tr	NNS	With help , perhaps ... We have doctors in the Soviet Union ... " Garnet interrupted him , abruptly , " No .
tr	NN	I could hear the resignation in his voice .
tr	NNS	I played high percentage shots , like saving all my money while deployed , instead of buying new trucks , bikes , or boats .
tr	NNS	You can stuff all the toilets you want and it won 't get you tossed out of here .
tr	NN	I feel such a fraud .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have any sisters .
tr	NN	He caught her meaning and grinned .
tr	NN	I hated the fine tremble in my arm and the heavy weight of the weapon .
tr	NNS	Glory snatched up some black satin boxers covered with big red hearts .
tr	NN	Once the curtains opened , the crowd would see the marvelous spectacle that was the jeweled Sunny and the glowing elephant .
tr	NNS	Greed inhabited many hearts .
tr	NNS	We 're standing so close , I can count the freckles on his nose .
tr	NN	Three minutes later , my feet are pounding the cold Alexandria asphalt .
tr	NNS	I cast two spells very quickly .
tr	NNS	He tipped back his wineglass .
tr	NN	But I can 't take the left fork because there 's a lion or some kind of beast up that way . "
tr	NNS	He sweeps the cards away and up into his pile .
tr	NN	The combination made her irritable .
tr	NN	I didn 't deserve forgiveness or understanding .
tr	NNS	Paint your toenails . "
tr	NN	The faerie stood up , a long , elegant gesture that somehow seemed inhuman .
tr	NN	" Did you send me the tape ? "
tr	NNS	This week we have full day classes since there is standardized testing on Friday and Saturday .
tr	NN	She set the article on her lap and stared down at it .
tr	NNS	It instantly set her insides quivering in the best possible way .
tr	NNS	She put the new cloths on top of her dresser and stepped into the shower .
tr	NNS	" You see these motors , right ?
tr	NNS	She took two magazines for the wipe .
tr	NNS	" He doesn 't take chances .
tr	NN	One owns a farm in the country .
tr	NNS	Every house had beautifully stained wooden floors , high 10-foot ceilings , winding staircases , and classic crown moldings .
tr	NN	The outhouse roof had a leak in it ... directly above the seat .
tr	NN	He found a woman bleeding to death and he shot her too .
tr	NNS	Stone hooked his thumbs in his belt , but he didn 't move .
tr	NN	The statement lacked any correspondence .
tr	NNS	You don 't know any witches , do you ? "
tr	NNS	" One hundred thousand dollars . "
tr	NN	His guide gave his hand another squeeze .
tr	NN	Even now , she could feel slick heat easing from her as her body ached to be filled .
tr	NN	He was clutching a revolver , its barrel aimed straight at him .
tr	NN	As she ate some toast , she filled her backpack for the weekend , then walked to the Midnight Sons landing strip .
tr	NNS	If it 's authentic , we 're talking millions . "
tr	NN	Now that 's stretching a definition .
tr	NNS	Or did they have deeper ties to some kind of illegal organization from earlier , before the earthquake ?
tr	NN	Did you take psychology ? "
tr	NNS	I enter data into a computer . "
tr	NNS	I would have hit pockets of brine ice in my core samples . "
tr	NNS	He wore flip flop sandals , and had a big grin .
tr	NN	" Donovan , can you step out so I can do a more thorough assessment of Eve ? "
tr	NNS	" Excuse me , gentlemen . "
tr	NN	All my senses responded -- thirst and longing .
tr	NN	I don 't know one coffee bean from another . "
tr	NNS	She massaged her temples and paced around the small room .
tr	NN	" We 're setting a trap .
tr	NNS	She hires vet tech students looking to make extra money while they 're in school . "
tr	NN	Then came the void of dark space that they called death .
tr	NNS	We can get the tapes for the time when the phone was activated and see who bought the phone . "
tr	NN	He even gave her a promotion after a weekend away together .
tr	NN	Should I set an appointment to see how far along I am and then tell him , or should I just come out and say it ?
tr	NN	I chanced a glimpse at Charles .
tr	NNS	Somehow , Harrison was altering the figures from the weigh station .
tr	NNS	I explored her breasts with my hands and eyes and thought for about the millionth time that women 's bodies were just so damn fascinating .
tr	NNS	I took the solar panels and mounted them in a very shallow vee on the houseboats roof .
tr	NN	Whatever they voted on , no proposed plan of attack received a majority vote .
tr	NNS	The tooth fairy would have been cleaning up bits and pieces for weeks .
tr	NN	He examined each item , but he found no electronics or trackers .
tr	NNS	A million and a half of them have long-term accommodations in state or federal prisons .
tr	NN	' Well , what 's rattled his cage ? '
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes .
tr	NN	That would spell disaster for all of us .
tr	NNS	" I like dogs .
tr	NN	Picking up the water , I undid that cap , too .
tr	NNS	" We have made lamps out of glass in different colors .
tr	NN	Did the unprocessed eye retain normal intelligence ?
tr	NNS	The very thing the people of the New World feared most was happening several centuries later ; the rule by despotic few was coming of age .
tr	NN	And they can also do - duck ! "
tr	NN	The thump of its dead frame brought a certain joy to her face .
tr	NN	Had he eaten a 3 horned elephant ?
tr	NN	Gracie looked down the gray highway thoughtfully .
tr	NN	She retrieved the pistol from Marshall 's limp fingers , and together they fled through the smoke and fire and back through the red steel doors .
tr	NNS	Wil could imagine scrolls and parchments stored within , and people in their flowing robes , standing over a table , reading .
tr	NN	The sound that emerged was like burning black velvet in a windowless room .
tr	NN	He was folding and refolding his napkin in the same curious way Tonia Lee 's clothing had been treated .
tr	NNS	He cut our test subjects loose .
tr	NN	" You really have flipped your lid . "
tr	NNS	Jason exhausted his seafood reserves in a single meal , proclaiming them " tasty , but an insult to nouveau cuisine . "
tr	NNS	Those facts may scare some folks out of fully cooperating if their afraid of some type of reprisal as a result of speaking with the police . "
tr	NN	" If you 're willing to help , I 'll not play the Scrooge . "
tr	NNS	The last time Meredith felt " adventurous " with a casual dinner for friends , two people ended up in her hospital with food poisoning .
tr	NN	At last they reached the biggest cavern of all .
tr	NNS	" I was thinking one thousand dollars for each man - as thanks for the extra time they have spent away from their families .
tr	NNS	I wasn 't accepting any excuses .
tr	NN	" It 's called fate , Alexander .
tr	NNS	I slammed both my palms against Kiev 's chest .
tr	NN	" Oh honey . "
tr	NNS	The actions of one board affect the actions of the other .
tr	NNS	The force tore several scales off my injured shoulder , and a third kick sent me through .
tr	NNS	He repeated the movements on her other nipple after pulling her shirt up , exposing her stomach and her entire chest to his view .
tr	NN	He felt the quiver , swiftly leashed , and locked his emotions up tight .
tr	NN	I think you 'll be a very loving mother , ' he conceded , a wry twist on his lips .
tr	NN	We 'll get a bird and everything .
tr	NN	Seemed she dialed the password to his libido no matter what .
tr	NN	Tree branches hung over the pavement and cast angled shadows along the ground .
tr	NN	He added bubble bath and then walked calmly through his bedroom into the kitchen .
tr	NN	I could practically see his smirk .
tr	NN	" You have a natural talent for the game .
tr	NN	Without a moment 's hesitation and with a movement so swift that it was hard to follow , Ryan flung his dagger at Robert .
tr	NNS	I watched my worst fears come to life .
tr	NN	" And we 're trusting your inkling to be correct because ... why ? "
tr	NN	I chew my nail .
tr	NNS	' I 'm just escorting these two gentlemen through to the stockroom I 'll be back in a minute . '
tr	NN	Chase shook his fork at him .
tr	NNS	A large picturesque window had open , silk drapes that flowed around and down and touched the wood floor .
tr	NN	You should own a treadmill . "
tr	NN	His rough whispers in her ear only heightened her senses and nerve endings and increased her need of him .
tr	NN	Later today , you will receive a package in the mail .
tr	NNS	I used my night vision goggles to scan the perimeter .
tr	NN	" Megan , " he sputtered blankly , the color draining from his face .
tr	NNS	The cop drew broad strokes through parts of the form that did not apply to us , perhaps previous convictions or gainful employment or significant other .
tr	NNS	We both have operations in the same city , so we 're in close proximity to each other . "
tr	NNS	I pulled the covers off of me and saw that I still wore my glass slippers .
tr	NNS	He followed his instincts .
tr	NNS	" Remember your connections , John .
tr	NNS	Some moments I had my doubts , but you pulled it off .
tr	NNS	FIDO has placed the suits on the luggage rack .
tr	NNS	In the morning , the girls and Andromeda organized chocolate figurines inside the big baskets .
tr	NN	" You still haven 't answered my question Chest .
tr	NN	She also sensed his increasing independence from her .
tr	NNS	I let my issues with my family seep into my relationship with you and ruin us .
tr	NNS	We need supplies and at least 500 more soldiers to hold out , or we will fall and the entire northern front may collapse !
tr	NN	Curling her fingers into her palms , she fought his effect on her .
tr	NN	He 'd read her resume .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , I heard three loud knocks on the door .
tr	NN	He puts my backpack over his shoulder , then walks me out of the cafeteria .
tr	NNS	Ben had acquired some expensive tastes .
tr	NN	He was wearing a pale blue uniform and name tag which identified him as a pharmacist .
tr	NNS	Women don 't have their babies in the front room , even if it isn 't underwater . "
tr	NNS	Wednesday 08th April 1981 At the foot of the stairs Johnny took steadying breaths .
tr	NNS	I still have nightmares about people having their insides turned into a liquid that the spider drinks right out of them . "
tr	NNS	He found his old skills coming back to him , though he wasn 't moving as quickly or as surely as he once had .
tr	NN	Low earth orbit . "
tr	NN	" Nearly quarter after six .
tr	NNS	She and Rob had assembled two systems on each of the three ships , one primary and one back up .
tr	NNS	The best win awards at film festivals and get some attention , but they 're never going to make a lot of money .
tr	NN	My grandmother manufactured a fake ID for me before I was even born and she gives me a new one whenever I move or change jobs . "
tr	NN	He rolled the condom on , nearly coming with just the pressure of his hand .
tr	NNS	He eats a few more little handmade sandwiches , and then sees Katrina coming back .
tr	NNS	I don 't have ties to the Colombians , and more importantly , I haven 't broken any laws .
tr	NN	Nat and Pierce are both straddling the rain gutter strangulation style .
tr	NN	Don 't let a uniform or the rules that go along with it change you .
tr	NNS	One of them was cleaning his fingernails with a cut-throat razor .
tr	NN	Then she ran down the hill .
tr	NN	The impact caused my spine to jolt my brainstem , resulting in damage to my neocortex .
tr	NN	" Always the diplomat . "
tr	NN	He started digging in , leaving her mouth hanging open .
tr	NN	" From your father 's collection ?
tr	NN	The news spreads like an oil slick -- a pairing between the Temporal Caste and the King 's Guard .
tr	NNS	I loop the reins around a nearby branch and begin to move quietly through the trees toward the house .
tr	NNS	" The book just hit shelves today .
tr	NNS	Pulling two of her pistols out , Jessica shoots warning shots into the air .
tr	NNS	I sank my fangs in deep , taking a long pull of her blood .
tr	NNS	I brushed my thumbs over his cheekbones ; it was really unfair how they were so perfect .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't even call Jess now .
tr	NNS	Each and every one of you , and especially our children , should have bodyguards .
tr	NN	Realizing that , she softened her glare .
tr	NNS	" We gave Susan 's dogs to Tye because he relates better to animals than he does people .
tr	NNS	Maybe driving cancer patients to the hospital for treatment or reading to the children who are inpatient there . "
tr	NNS	Romanians revere the heroes of their history and they know how to keep secrets . "
tr	NN	Repeal the income tax , create an Employer 's Business License fee of one per cent of the payroll .
tr	NN	He returned Chris 's fierce glare with one of his own as he slid his hand back into hers .
tr	NN	The gnome slowly eased his dagger forward .
tr	NN	Len 's mother looked heartbroken .
tr	NN	He popped the clip and slammed in a new , firing as the first round chambered .
tr	NN	The blow sent her careening to the floor .
tr	NN	replied the nurse who had reported the news .
tr	NN	" If you 're exposed to the mystery gas , pop the cap and jab yourself in the thigh . "
tr	NNS	There were broken picture frames everywhere .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't seen any cameras , but I had found it hard to believe there weren 't any .
tr	NN	" I 've got a two pm appointment with Sophia . "
tr	NN	She spoke the command firmly , burying in the other woman 's subconscious a compulsion to obey .
tr	NN	He wouldn 't hurt anybody . "
tr	NN	* * * As soon as she got home from school , Danni tossed her backpack and purse on the couch and headed into the kitchen .
tr	NN	Surely , she would become an addition to the mausoleum , or at the very least , receive harsh punishment .
tr	NNS	Turning around , she crawled backwards and placed her feet on the rungs .
tr	NNS	You see the targets directly in front of you ?
tr	NNS	The doctor looked at me once more , the wheels in his gearbox turning furiously .
tr	NN	She covered a height and distance over ten times the capability of human limbs .
tr	NNS	If you were to visit our neighbors in the North you would find their halls filled with men . "
tr	NNS	The tense silence made the hairs on her body rise .
tr	NNS	Instead , he 'd listed areas not known for that particular form of entertainment .
tr	NNS	They have no leads . "
tr	NN	Once he made that choice , they had no more claim on him .
tr	NNS	" You like coins ? "
tr	NNS	I won ten dollars in the office pool . "
tr	NN	He spit a mouthful of blood and pressed a trembling hand to his chest .
tr	NNS	" Then , you 'll be endangering yourselves by taking us back to our families .
tr	NN	she asked the dragon next to her .
tr	NNS	We had no ulterior motives .
tr	NNS	The cook had prepared barbecued ribs and chicken for the crowd , with potato salad , baked beans , rolls and apple pie for dessert .
tr	NNS	Without a word , she collected the tiles , leaving the two red starter tiles , and put them back in the box .
tr	NN	" What advice was that ? "
tr	NN	" You say potato , I say potato ... " she muttered .
tr	NNS	Startled , he stepped backwards .
tr	NNS	With some trepidation about their location , he left the engines in idle and removed his headset .
tr	NN	The new memory is really giving him a new lease on life . "
tr	NNS	" They don 't have any leads .
tr	NNS	Barack took several candles from his backpack and lit them , filling the room with a soothing scent .
tr	NN	I didn 't see any harm in it . "
tr	NN	I see no proof of the submission you promised me .
tr	NN	He gave her a squeeze .
tr	NN	And yet he 'd taken her virginity .
tr	NNS	Crouching down , he placed the twins on their stomachs , across the fur .
tr	NNS	I waited a few beats , just knowing that Seth would say something .
tr	NN	As it booted she ordered a single cheese pizza with mushrooms and olives .
tr	NN	They 've issued a warrant for failing to appear , but so far there 's no sign of him here or at his home . "
tr	NNS	The three exchanged stares of friendship and newfound trust , but all three secretly knew that tomorrow would be the Aurora City .
tr	NNS	It brought visions of the castle collapsing into dust , the fields withering and dying until not a single blade of grass remained .
tr	NN	He felt her joy and experienced his own profound sense of rightness .
tr	NNS	" I 'll tear off your balls if you touch me , Vaughn .
tr	NN	It had survived the Great Fire , and now it served as a symbol of the city - and a background for tourist photographs .
tr	NNS	" He was throwing fireballs ! "
tr	NN	The thought of bruising her , of making her bleed , of ruining her , left a hollow ache inside his chest .
tr	NNS	She slid her palms onto his , her skin jumping at the contact .
tr	NNS	" We 're just discussing sisters .
tr	NN	The bathroom gave me a dry heave .
tr	NN	Sometimes we get a blip here and there , but we 've never been able to get out there before they get snatched up .
tr	NN	I took my iPod and sat down on the wide wooden windowsill , looking out of the window .
tr	NNS	They would receive no servants or gold , or anything more than they could acquire by their own ability .
tr	NNS	He 'd only taken a few paces into it when his foot caught something on the ground , which made him stumble slightly .
tr	NNS	We drank a couple beers each without talking .
tr	NNS	" We 'll find the cameras and play to them . "
tr	NN	Would you buy a used sofa ?
tr	NNS	I would rather discuss these issues sooner than later . "
tr	NNS	" I think childbirth counts .
tr	NNS	He 's always making excuses to talk to you . "
tr	NNS	He raised the wires out of the wound .
tr	NNS	Gwen dropped her cards on the table .
tr	NN	Max typed a password into his laptop .
tr	NNS	Her long , graceful fingers tucked her braids in easily and her dark brown eyes glowed .
tr	NN	Were they contemplating his execution or imprisonment ?
tr	NNS	" I have U.S. dollars .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't remember the proper terms of bases , but at least he wasn 't sitting the bench .
tr	NN	I got off the highway and asked Ellery where she wanted to eat .
tr	NNS	In the meantime , you make the arrangements to transfer the money .
tr	NN	I emphasized the Place of Chains to give more weight to my threat .
tr	NNS	Maybe she could skip the witches altogether .
tr	NN	He loved Gilligan 's Island .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon .
tr	NN	Elizabeth poked her playfully in the ribs .
tr	NN	His skin looked sallow , his eyes filled with quiet desperation and guilt .
tr	NN	The young man was wearing a different outfit , now appearing more pedestrian than before , but the patch of beard on his chin gave him away .
tr	NNS	The stick had worked miracles then , and she had hit one of the rich kids on the nose .
tr	NN	Kept his face impassive .
tr	NN	Evangeline might see the bubble but , short of attacking me , she wouldn 't be able to stop it until it was too late .
tr	NNS	Once in a while , the teachers entrusted their students with making forecasts .
tr	NN	She began casting , but the horses moved with a speed and ferocity that surprised everyone .
tr	NN	" No , but I like veggie pizza . "
tr	NN	Only one or two umbrellas still dotted the landscape .
tr	NN	He sloshed in the gel and then clumsily pushed open the thin plastic lid .
tr	NN	I 'll lend you my cart . "
tr	NN	She did love candy .
tr	NN	As I stare into his eyes , I see the faint echo of the horrors of the battle lust he has endured , and understanding dawns .
tr	NNS	They followed the tracks up the hill , until hidden by bushes they came on a big door of stone leading to a cave .
tr	NNS	Once home , Jo greeted the dogs and began to pace .
tr	NN	It 's the least I can do after such an incredible dinner , " I told my uncle .
tr	NN	Our helicopter made its landing atop the building , powering down the engines and rotors .
tr	NN	The division was always exceeding both energy efficiency and total cost of ownership requirements .
tr	NNS	" Can you have the items delivered ? "
tr	NN	Every word she uttered put another nail in her coffin .
tr	NN	" I have faith in you . "
tr	NNS	Cindy and Sam danced several more dances together .
tr	NNS	We barter and sell antiques . "
tr	NN	He tweaked the nipple again until she felt a hot pooling between her legs .
tr	NNS	" Doesn 't the hospital have enough doctors to give you more normal hours ? "
tr	NNS	A low foghorn groan tugged their attentions northward .
tr	NNS	Demetri chuckled and pushed the covers back , lifting me into his arms .
tr	NNS	Raphael explained the benefits of busking and how the first day had progressed .
tr	NNS	" She 's kissing him , " she heard one little voice yell , but couldn 't identify who the tiny traitor was .
tr	NNS	The whole of him rippled , scales abruptly melting away .
tr	NN	They discussed Janie 's father 's estate .
tr	NN	An early rain had left the turf sparkling like ground glass and awakened strong humid smells in the undergrowth .
tr	NN	If one of them disobeyed , both got the same punishment .
tr	NNS	His blue eyes glittered dangerously .
tr	NNS	" Pauli , he 's got warehouses .
tr	NNS	They have large appetites . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't have the connections . "
tr	NN	Thank goodness , too , because the AB negative tattoo would be like a bull 's eye to any vamp I ran into on the outside .
tr	NNS	I hate new Sunday School classes ! "
tr	NNS	She sounded a little breathless .
tr	NNS	Missing venom stores . "
tr	NN	" You mean kidney function . "
tr	NNS	" I gave my last few dollars to Janette this morning .
tr	NN	For now I have a tool ; I am in command . "
tr	NN	Ever since Darren lost his arm , she had resisted the urge to do things for him .
tr	NNS	" Horses don 't wear breeches on Martinique ! "
tr	NN	" Thank goodness I had your parents to help convince you to take a chance on me . "
tr	NN	When her cell phone rang , she set the file down on her perfectly organized coffee table and glanced at the time .
tr	NNS	How their lips moved in perfect synchronization , like old lovers .
tr	NNS	We 'll have no abilities to use . "
tr	NN	She shoved the brownie toward Spencer 's mouth , but Spencer recoiled .
tr	NNS	Closing my eyes , I hold their favorite clothing items close to my heart .
tr	NN	Even though Stokes lost Jed and Justin in the darkness , he was not giving up his chase .
tr	NNS	" Each person develops his or her abilities around the age of five or six .
tr	NN	" Like honey . "
tr	NN	He lengthened his nail and drew it across his chest , opening his vein .
tr	NNS	I fling sandals on the floor , shuffling to the vanity bureau .
tr	NNS	" You carry twins , " she told me , " push , my true golden queen . "
tr	NN	" Sir , allow us some privacy .
tr	NN	Marius held a chunk of bread in one hand and chewed loudly .
tr	NN	" Besides , I take credit for the fact that their dumb asses are even getting married .
tr	NN	Where the hell did he get a turkey from , anyway ?
tr	NNS	" I keep close tabs on Verity .
tr	NNS	They had her journals ?
tr	NNS	" The National Guard has witches and wizards assigned to their units now .
tr	NNS	I squeezed the knobs together until they pinched my skin .
tr	NN	I see the tears spilling from her eyes , and she opens her purse and pulls out a tissue , patting the corners of her eyes .
tr	NN	That might make the climb a little less harrowing and will undoubtedly increase my already low chances of survival .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , his mind played tricks on him .
tr	NN	It has the timeless quality of an Old Master 's painting , but it has some of the qualities of Pollack 's work .
tr	NN	" Eat up bud , " Bill said and tore open the package .
tr	NN	" Lost your dearest treasure , and dream of her at night .
tr	NN	Their voices grew fainter as they continued through the park .
tr	NN	Darius thanked the admiral with a quick and polite bow and turned around to exit the command center .
tr	NNS	There were rolled up exercise mats against one wall .
tr	NN	I jiggled the door knob in desperation .
tr	NNS	JW Jacqueline , I 'll send the project specifics when I get home , and we can discuss .
tr	NN	I sniffed and resisted the urge to stick my tongue out at the men in the hall .
tr	NN	" Does anybody have aspirin ? "
tr	NN	Tom pushed a little forward , round face intent .
tr	NN	I picked up the saddle and placed it on the saddle rack .
tr	NNS	He slipped the compass into his pocket .
tr	NNS	Where do you think such tales come from ?
tr	NN	On top of the table , almost out of place , sat an enormous vase filled with dozens of white lilies .
tr	NNS	He had his rights , after all .
tr	NN	It wasn 't like he placed any faith in such things anyway .
tr	NN	Someone was waiting for you to be alone , your fear his only goal .
tr	NN	In the end , she pulled out a t-shirt , thinking him seeing her bikini underwear probably didn 't matter now anyway .
tr	NN	The command came unbidden .
tr	NNS	Sasha flipped the pages in frustration .
tr	NNS	" I don 't need help finding dates . "
tr	NN	She adjusted her silk blouse so that it was just open enough to reveal the enticing rounded curves .
tr	NN	You better lay off the feeding crap while you 're in this city . "
tr	NNS	Added to this , the government had drafted emergency powers to detain those arrested -- based on the racial motives involved .
tr	NNS	When he appeared a few minutes later , he was brushing cobwebs from his sleeve .
tr	NN	" I know , honey ; I 'll try harder .
tr	NN	William Greene had better pray to any God that will listen that he hasn 't harmed a hair on her head .
tr	NNS	Make a few bucks .
tr	NN	She could smell peanut butter from the still open jar sitting on the nightstand .
tr	NN	They hurried up the wide staircase .
tr	NNS	Brand new honeymoon suites that cost over a thousand dollars a night .
tr	NN	" Your brother has cancer ? "
tr	NN	After a moment they heard a bolt being slammed back from the other side of the door .
tr	NNS	I could feel the coldness more intensely .
tr	NN	He popped open the vial of pills the hospital had given him and swallowed three of the small , yellow tablets .
tr	NNS	And they have winged wolves .
tr	NNS	He 'd witnessed countless females taken for the first time .
tr	NNS	" Your girl 's got balls , Shane .
tr	NNS	She flipped a few pages .
tr	NN	They changed my fate , and so readily fight for me still .
tr	NN	His father 's in failing health .
tr	NNS	Confused , she rubbed her temples .
tr	NN	Jane reached the top ridge above him and disappeared from sight , kicking a trickle of rocks down the slope with her last steps .
tr	NNS	Something similar had sparked all her senses , too .
tr	NN	What the hel was he talking about ?
tr	NNS	There were twisting snakes , acrobatic fish and even one elongated squid .
tr	NNS	I take a few calming breaths .
tr	NN	" For as long as your master deems it necessary " replied ' Beta ' whilst casting a glance in Signor Beppe 's direction .
tr	NNS	The smiling face behind the wheel demolished her fears .
tr	NNS	I slip two drops into my wine , return the vial to the box , and lock it .
tr	NNS	Relaxing activities , but there was an undeniable tension radiating from each boy .
tr	NN	Henry picked up his champagne flute and held it out for Fred to fill .
tr	NN	" Not until after she made a bargain with the chief 's son . "
tr	NNS	With his other hand , in the same motion , he fired two shots in quick succession .
tr	NNS	His arms were crossed , his hands gripping his biceps .
tr	NN	They had chosen a font that looked like embroidery .
tr	NNS	Other madmen saw visions , or couldn 't distinguish their delusions from reality .
tr	NN	Kyle set a waxy pink cube in front of Pigeon .
tr	NN	Samantha placed her fork down .
tr	NN	The addition of one or two vegetables or fruits gave a small pinch of luxury to a meal that would be otherwise extremely miserly .
tr	NN	Thank god for that .
tr	NN	Gracey asked wearily , not wanting to upset her fiancé .
tr	NNS	" Drop mines and enter hyperspace ! "
tr	NNS	Still in wolf form , he pushes three other wolves toward the water and they break into a run .
tr	NNS	" Yes , as a time setter , he has done five one-year trips and one three-year and a very short one at the beginning .
tr	NN	Time lost all meaning as we wandered .
tr	NNS	She flattened her palms against the wall behind her and inched to a stand .
tr	NN	Above it all , I could hear a clock striking twelve , and then nine , and then six , like it worked in reverse .
tr	NN	He had carefully chosen each item to complement the yacht 's elegance .
tr	NNS	I have a few ship chores to take care of .
tr	NNS	" I have jumper cables in my car .
tr	NNS	She liked the possessiveness in his voice , but that darned honesty got in the way .
tr	NNS	But he had no illusions about being able to get up and walk out .
tr	NN	Man , with all his imperfections , required forgiveness .
tr	NNS	I 'm sauteing chicken , broccoli and roasted peppers in olive oil while the angel hair pasta cooked .
tr	NNS	Mac gained abilities that far exceeded his imagination .
tr	NNS	Today uncle surely keeps the surprises coming .
tr	NN	She was apparently still feeling the roller-coaster effect .
tr	NN	And when I see her finally emerge from the house , I feel a strange tingling in my spine , one I 've never experienced before .
tr	NNS	You know , making people out of clay , old toenails , and so on ?
tr	NN	" Don 't ruin your outfit , Miss Turner .
tr	NNS	They were carrying spears and were prepared to fight .
tr	NN	" Even The Salem News has a witch as its logo . "
tr	NNS	Standing to face dad and reaching in his pocket , he pulled out a few coins and handed them to dad .
tr	NNS	" He wouldn 't have spoken the doubts aloud .
tr	NNS	Being daddy 's only little girl she won him over by saying the magic words " test the waters . "
tr	NN	He has telepathy , not only with humans , but animals too . "
tr	NNS	" I should have packed ear plugs .
tr	NNS	I had no expectations that you would view it kindly ... " " Have I ever spoken harshly of love ? "
tr	NN	The innkeeper hesitated then pushed the cloth across the bar with impatience .
tr	NNS	Following his gaze , she saw the shadowy figures of a man and a woman coming toward them across the bridge .
tr	NNS	You can bake the seeds , though .
tr	NN	He waved a cloth .
tr	NN	Simon hid a yawn .
tr	NNS	" You have bits of treasure tucked here and there ?
tr	NN	Despite the searing heat within the suits , shivers trickled down Justus ' spine .
tr	NN	I grab a pen off the desk .
tr	NN	You wanted vengeance . "
tr	NN	" You have more faith in me . "
tr	NNS	Mad Dog fanned his cards out in front of him .
tr	NNS	" I have my doubts about her .
tr	NNS	He had paid four dollars for the trip to Utica which included meals .
tr	NN	He felt her pussy clench and then there was a rush of liquid over his fingers .
tr	NNS	More important than tastes , we shared the same desires and dreams .
tr	NN	I pictured lawn furniture and dying plants .
tr	NNS	It was like taking several shots of pure caffeine .
tr	NNS	The background music , some electronic song , thumped a few measures .
tr	NN	He 'd expected a fight , not resignation .
tr	NN	I will handle every aspect of the military details , love .
tr	NN	Just give me a sec . "
tr	NNS	The ball rolled more than 60 yards after bounding wildly off the firm fairway .
tr	NN	Cassidy laid her fork across her empty plate .
tr	NN	She handed her now empty teacup back to Laura and settled back against her pillow with a yawn .
tr	NN	Focusing , I mutter the correct phrase and set it sliding free .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes and urged Alex to keep moving .
tr	NN	" Fallon Jones has an agenda of his own in this situation , one which may or may not mesh well with my client 's objective . "
tr	NN	He kept her pinned .
tr	NN	She had a towel wrapped around her tiny frame , the straps of a pink swimsuit tank peeking over the top of the white terry cloth .
tr	NNS	He grabbed the reins and recklessly whipped the stallion 's neck .
tr	NN	I didn 't need a tuning fork .
tr	NNS	Not that she had any aspirations to become one of Dimitri 's women .
tr	NNS	" All twenty ships ? "
tr	NNS	He won 't even notice the small sums I 've abstracted for our own purposes .
tr	NN	I could have punched that little prick out for what he said to her .
tr	NNS	The keen edge of expectation that shafted through him heightened all his senses .
tr	NNS	Nothing flashy like her sisters .
tr	NN	He ran the orange marker over the stretch of it lightly , followed by yellow , and smeared by white .
tr	NNS	No ... Michael changed diapers and couldn 't seem to get enough of our baby girl .
tr	NN	" You want my vote ?
tr	NN	The Sergeant snapped up a salute .
tr	NNS	she asked whilst fixing me with one of her serious stares .
tr	NNS	Too bad , I can 't share the tales . "
tr	NNS	Without complaint , Dylan poured four cups and brought them to the table .
tr	NN	It had missed the terminal by feet and a smoldering pile of blackened remains lay on the grass past the terminal .
tr	NNS	" I know my rights .
tr	NNS	" MacKenzie and Hunter , you have committed yourselves to each other in marriage .
tr	NN	He kissed her parted , protesting lips .
tr	NNS	" If you pass , I 'll name my terms . "
tr	NN	He needed both release and a good night 's rest , and he was sure she wanted and needed the same .
tr	NN	Give me info I can use , and you 'll get your invitation . "
tr	NNS	His single one-word answer spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	How could his little ghost story give me nightmares ?
tr	NNS	A faint , fleeting smile broke up the clouds in his expression .
tr	NN	I got the impression she doesn 't have many friends . "
tr	NNS	There were crackling noises all around him .
tr	NNS	Faye 's eyes were lit black coals , and she splayed her fingernails like claws .
tr	NNS	" You have been thought dead these last five centuries .
tr	NN	He opened the padlock on the lockup containing the van .
tr	NNS	He could keep his decorating tricks to himself .
tr	NN	Within ten minutes I had already eaten five Swedish fish and accidently touched the table with my lips twice .
tr	NN	I gave her a murderous glare , then continued up .
tr	NN	After a few moments he raised the pistol towards Pierce , who hoped that the Colonel really was a bad shot .
tr	NNS	She had followed her own tracks back , and she knew the cruiser had to be close .
tr	NN	He regained sensation in his limbs and his ability to smell and hear returned .
tr	NNS	Instructed to obey only , he followed my directions , motioning for the lift to drop my cage near the entrance .
tr	NN	Babies ' breath and bridal lace accented each collection .
tr	NN	And it had the marvelous sheen of such paintings , a gloss that no synthetic material can create .
tr	NNS	She had her doubts .
tr	NN	I open the drawer , but there 's no charger .
tr	NNS	But they appreciate my skills .
tr	NNS	Aisling slammed her palms down on the desk , making Miranda jump .
tr	NNS	The radio ran off lithium batteries .
tr	NNS	Besides , I told you over and over I don 't date clients . "
tr	NNS	It takes all sorts , as her mother used to say .
tr	NNS	Everybody would have bodyguards and personal assistants with them , so you could multiply that number by at least six .
tr	NN	Newton snuck a peek over her shoulder and agreed .
tr	NN	and watched the huge , frosty , iridescent butterfly wings spread high and wide , and then wider , and then spread some more .
tr	NN	Bending down , I picked up a handful of snow from the ground and cleaned my bloody hands .
tr	NNS	I am doing the refreshments .
tr	NN	- She would show the full shroud while she told them that the cloth was made in Antioch near the time of Jesus .
tr	NNS	" You make some monster noises and you think I 'm scared ? "
tr	NN	She gave an impromptu shrug .
tr	NNS	We fired shots out the door and windows .
tr	NNS	At first the sounds were al negative murmurs .
tr	NN	Before she knew what was happening , she saw Chase 's backside as he was racing up to the shop .
tr	NNS	James watched the students in the hallway wandering past the open door .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the first two items in my closet and got dressed .
tr	NNS	Give those positions back to the people ! "
tr	NNS	She chased butterflies , watched birds through binoculars .
tr	NN	So why did she get the impression that he was trying to dodge this question ?
tr	NN	The steroids can cause skin cancer and other problems , but they 'll watch me closely .
tr	NNS	I felt the hiss of the sharp blade along my stomach .
tr	NN	I expect an argument , but the man just turns and leads us downstairs .
tr	NNS	If it had been just him , he would have taken his chances making his way out through the marsh .
tr	NNS	" We count noses for a start .
tr	NNS	I have witnessed atrocities that you would not even imagine possible .
tr	NN	Father has an overpowering urge to dabble in things , and his dabbling frequently ends up being disastrous .
tr	NN	What the fuck was he thinking ?
tr	NNS	" Damn friggin ' bugs ! "
tr	NNS	Nik allowed the jaws of the trap to close and tossed it aside .
tr	NNS	She ignored the caress and answered the question .
tr	NNS	They fire a few shots at him and he runs after them , screaming .
tr	NNS	He and the other assassins raised crossbows in unison , proving that even heroic resistance can 't get you out of every situation .
tr	NN	She was dabbing royal icing on two large gingerbread figures .
tr	NNS	She was staring daggers at Chad and me .
tr	NNS	I watched two classes of initiates with that expression , but none of them was ever facing what Caleb is facing now .
tr	NN	The plane struck another invisible current of turbulence , and the 767 shivered like a dog with a bad chill .
tr	NN	Onyx and diamond mixtures had no effect on him .
tr	NN	I lean my temple against the headrest and watch him .
tr	NN	She had taken the classical style of the current period and had transformed into a Greek goddess .
tr	NNS	He turned the pages of the book he held and waited for more .
tr	NN	Hutton had that effect on people .
tr	NN	I stifled a groan .
tr	NNS	She followed the directions of the computerized operator and put in all of the numbers necessary to call her mom and dad .
tr	NNS	He took their plates to the sink .
tr	NN	She couldn 't see its stern , because tall buildings obstructed her view .
tr	NNS	Reece shouted insults at Kyle the whole time the gorilla of a football player was kicking the two skinny kids lying on the ground .
tr	NNS	" I would prefer roses any day . "
tr	NNS	" We do have accommodations for them as well if you would feel more comfortable . "
tr	NNS	I have some contracts here that need to be typed up .
tr	NN	I copied down the entry code from the keypad .
tr	NNS	Next , he nibbled several bites from his sandwich and sipped his tea several times .
tr	NNS	We don 't need robots , that 's all . "
tr	NN	It also caught her off-guard , leaving her usually snarky self silent .
tr	NNS	Jon saw the uniforms .
tr	NN	Only the truth could rip away my lifeline to reality .
tr	NN	" Relax and have a bath or something , okay ?
tr	NNS	If we stayed here , we were sitting ducks .
tr	NN	He was reading the fifth when her hand on his waist made him pause .
tr	NN	Sutton gave Susan one last evil glare and then began to slink away .
tr	NNS	I grab some plates , and we set our food on the coffee table .
tr	NNS	If I believed the stories , most sunk sinking ships or lured humans to their death .
tr	NN	She had blasted that immortal to the high skies .
tr	NNS	Dead men tell no tales . "
tr	NN	She 's kept up her version of the villainous Andrade clan when Nick only remembered them warmly welcoming him .
tr	NNS	The men apparently had hearty appetites .
tr	NN	Crazy old man , always has grease on his face .
tr	NNS	" You display abilities beyond what someone in your position should have . "
tr	NN	Every so often , she would rub her round belly and sigh .
tr	NNS	She would pull together some numbers for him .
tr	NNS	She put her plastic utensils down .
tr	NNS	Believers can include other gods , of course .
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers over the three year old tucking them around her tightly .
tr	NNS	They would have hunted her down and forced a Morgan Family heirloom ring on her finger , he had no doubts about that .
tr	NNS	I gave him directions to the house from the road he was driving on .
tr	NN	She sipped the orange juice , feeling tonic water bubbles burst in her mouth .
tr	NNS	Beneath his feet he could feel the uneven bricks of a courtyard .
tr	NNS	He could bring his own mules .
tr	NN	He brought me chocolate . "
tr	NNS	The monetary value of Jacob Wood 's life was , say , a million dollars .
tr	NN	He has felt an attraction to me from the moment he laid eyes on me .
tr	NNS	When I worked the flea market shifts with Joey I would give him the magazines .
tr	NN	She chanced a peek at him to see him studying her intently , his eyes glowing in the faint light that bled through the furs .
tr	NN	Give me that vial , Tobias . "
tr	NN	Dario flexed his right bicep into a perfect ball of muscle .
tr	NNS	" Oh , you have some nasty knots on your back . "
tr	NNS	Reed favored Armani suits and faultless haircuts .
tr	NNS	I quickly prepare a half a dozen lies and excuses , then open the door .
tr	NN	She had ditched her purple in favor of all black .
tr	NN	This strange old man , he just met a few hours earlier , was offering Daniel a pistol .
tr	NNS	The men made several more trips to and from the room , bringing pails of hot water and pouring them into the tubs in the process .
tr	NNS	She lost her slippers but continued with bare feet , her thin dress rising behind .
tr	NNS	Pin the little everyday miracles on God and you 've got 'em ; you don 't need to move mountains .
tr	NN	She did not see mischief , only playfulness .
tr	NNS	Patrick laughed and held up his palms .
tr	NN	" Not as such - " " You broke the Law ? "
tr	NNS	" You must 've defiled a few temples in your time , Harry ? "
tr	NN	I could feel that little contraction between my brows that meant I was perturbed .
tr	NN	Kincaid had given that consideration .
tr	NN	" Absolutely , " Andrew told the surgeon .
tr	NN	But he just didn 't give a good Goddamn .
tr	NNS	The other sixteen , all from top-ten law schools , received job offers .
tr	NN	( Mr. Smith had assigned extra credit , after all . )
tr	NN	Thank god for Jones .
tr	NNS	That alone speaks volumes .
tr	NNS	They can carry diseases you know . '
tr	NNS	Suddenly I found my face inches from a large , hairy black spider dangling from the ceiling on a thick strand of web .
tr	NN	" I worked on the range with cattle , used a rope a lot .
tr	NNS	I didn 't need any more lies to try to talk my way around .
tr	NNS	Liliana glared daggers at her son , but she did as he said .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you just cut ties with people who suck up to you ? "
tr	NN	I 'm offering her my protection until I can get her back to her home . "
tr	NNS	Mikael did make some good points .
tr	NN	Something about the sight sent a zing of energy through his body .
tr	NNS	Maybe she would wear her contacts instead of her glasses .
tr	NNS	" Did anyone get his plates ?
tr	NN	He was loading another bolt into his crossbow .
tr	NNS	He took two business cards and an ink pen out of his breast pocket and handed it to me .
tr	NNS	Placing his palms together .
tr	NNS	Holding yourself too tightly slows your responses .
tr	NN	She deserves my respect .
tr	NNS	With this exertion she should be getting overheated , but instead she was getting cold .
tr	NNS	She stops inches from me , reaches for the neck of my shirt , grabbing the fabric .
tr	NN	He kept his ball cap on , and he made sure that we only saw his back . "
tr	NN	Not being able to swim , he had offered little resistance to the water that kept pushing him down till he fainted .
tr	NNS	You call the shots .
tr	NN	She had a black camisole under a shredded t-shirt and piercings in every part of her body imaginable but she was obviously a sweet girl .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of Evan watching us from the sidewalk .
tr	NN	I kept the rifle steady and aimed at his chest .
tr	NNS	I 'll figure out some numbers this afternoon that will get his juices to flowing . "
tr	NN	Adrian and I made the Bellagio 's main door our goal , a journey complicated by the excited crowds growing thicker as we neared the fountains .
tr	NNS	I feared his fears .
tr	NNS	The doctor was behind in seeing patients , so Kelly sat there for forty-five minutes , her boys contently playing their handheld games .
tr	NNS	And not only in citizens but also , and perhaps especially , in rulers and their ministers because leaders serve as important role models for their people .
tr	NN	So I won that argument .
tr	NNS	They have no ulterior motives ; they don 't need any .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , Your Holiness . "
tr	NN	She pulled a slice of orange off the fruit and took a bite of it .
tr	NNS	" You had two screening references through which to filter the question and come up with the right answer .
tr	NN	I can feel his pulse throbbing through his fingertips .
tr	NN	The Doctor touched the shaft of the arrow .
tr	NNS	Leslie cleared the dishes and took them to the sink .
tr	NNS	The wooden bed frame had a bare mattress on top of it , a small side table , and a stepladder .
tr	NNS	Basically , I set specific search terms , and Google trolls through all the news and sends back anything that matches . "
tr	NNS	He cleared their plates and discreetly checked his phone in the kitchen .
tr	NNS	I took huge gulps of the night air .
tr	NN	I felt a cold dread and kept my eyes directed to the interior of the car .
tr	NNS	He didn 't need the customers to tell him about Kelly , he saw the numbers .
tr	NNS	Weakened by the urgent desire building inside of her , she grasped Luke 's biceps to stay on her feet .
tr	NN	In any normal circumstances he would of course encourage the reporting of anything even remotely illegal they had witnessed .
tr	NN	She nipped his bottom lip playfully before asking , " Are you ready to celebrate your win ? "
tr	NN	I push the linen farther aside , revealing bare skin , then the smooth line of his collarbone , then the curve of his brown shoulder .
tr	NNS	I will meet the other witches , and I wonder if I will feel as ill at ease as I do now .
tr	NNS	I thought if you were to back me up , we could share the spoils . "
tr	NN	Ryan strode off the final stair and landed flat on his face .
tr	NN	I should have had faith . "
tr	NNS	Historians had had three centuries to review the data available .
tr	NNS	" I have some rare finds for you . "
tr	NNS	The lace hem of her nightgown barely covered her thighs .
tr	NNS	He pulls the covers back for me .
tr	NN	As they took their places a man brought a birthday cake and deposited it on the stage .
tr	NN	I grabbed the knob and it swung open cleanly .
tr	NNS	I had only the best interests of the clan at heart .
tr	NN	Yes , I do own the diner , but I like working here .
tr	NNS	" It wouldn 't raise any suspicions for the two of you to accompany me .
tr	NN	" Four horses pulling my chariot , I was planning to use only a single stallion , but four mighty steeds are a grand idea .
tr	NNS	" Van and Joe haven 't built houses yet .
tr	NNS	" What kinda powers ?
tr	NN	I had faith in you .
tr	NNS	I gathered everyone 's requests and made a detour .
tr	NNS	Grace bumped Wallis with her elbow , breaking his reverie .
tr	NN	" It means ' trial of the fist . '
tr	NN	She learned her lesson about human and vampire dating . "
tr	NNS	Of course I brought condoms .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen prison yards that would be easier to break out of .
tr	NN	You just told her something grisly , terrifying and life threatening happened to the daughter she loves like you 'd relay the time of day . "
tr	NNS	It had drained my magical reserves .
tr	NNS	" You always think the worst of me , Emma , " Gabriel muttered inches away from my flushed face .
tr	NN	They 're paying the Spiral Labyrinth a fortune to try to unravel the spell Sebastian used to create the Infernal Cup and enact the ritual . "
tr	NNS	After tossing a marshmallow in her mouth , Liz placed two dogs on the long metal stick and roasted them over the fire .
tr	NNS	He spent most weekends in the office of his engineering firm , missing countless baseball games and piano recitals .
tr	NNS	The five guys who were involved were all given pats on the back or some variation of a high five or fist pound .
tr	NNS	If we did , he would confiscate our cameras .
tr	NN	I have done my duty and sought honor on each occasion .
tr	NN	His gaze held a fixed and fierce intent on the old man .
tr	NNS	I like roofs better .
tr	NNS	The red glow and smile on his face spoke volumes .
tr	NN	" Sounds like the twentieth-century equivalent of the JonBenet Ramsey case . "
tr	NN	Nothing just miss u Why tell him ?
tr	NNS	Nate bounced on the balls of his feet , ready to dash off and show her .
tr	NN	She traced a fingertip over several of the numbers .
tr	NN	It had a discolored trunk with translucent , prickly branches .
tr	NNS	He contacted the other ships , which had also measured the disturbance , and they decided to stop .
tr	NNS	I hung up the phone and again tossed it down next to me , the shorts I was wearing didn 't have any pockets .
tr	NN	You have a strand that normal humans do not have .
tr	NNS	Good manpower solutions as well . "
tr	NN	I nodded my acquiescence .
tr	NNS	After consideration , I 'd chosen the very islands I 'd cursed as a child as the best starting point to gather information .
tr	NN	Roger and Dani made a file up with everything .
tr	NNS	" You still have nightmares , baby ? "
tr	NN	His fingers thread the net as he stares at me through the dark from the other side .
tr	NNS	I handled all the arrangements according to the vid she left .
tr	NNS	I suggested delicately . '
tr	NNS	" If the Ancients will it so , charm these gems and keep the wearer whole . "
tr	NN	He wasn 't marrying anybody .
tr	NN	He called the clinic , praying that one of the better docs was on duty .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers over her .
tr	NN	Copy only one document at a time , regardless of the number of pages .
tr	NN	But he sounded a little sheepish .
tr	NN	The same way foster parent after foster parent had expected absolute , total compliance for the " gift " of taking him in .
tr	NNS	Raffaele rubs a fine oil into my scalp , and then finishes combing .
tr	NNS	The continually working pump blew swirling clouds of dust after them .
tr	NN	" I could always use an assistant .
tr	NN	I watched the harpy from the safety of the screening trees .
tr	NNS	In the early days , amidst the chaos and the smoke we could conjure illusions of what might be .
tr	NNS	" Master , they 've assassinated eight important government members . "
tr	NN	Nothing that , for instance may compromise our location .
tr	NN	He grabbed my pen and balanced it on the edge of the desk .
tr	NN	A shiver snaked up her spine .
tr	NN	He picked up the menu and pretended to look it over .
tr	NN	Spotting Lilly Ann and her rolling canvas a big smile revealed an impressive mouthful of gleaming white teeth .
tr	NNS	Slowly he approached the Big Boss ' offices , where at least the swinging double doors offered him much easier access .
tr	NN	It had pierced my hurt , evil veil and awakened me .
tr	NN	" But I made a clean getaway . "
tr	NN	They decreased altitude quickly and came over the large fire at 600 feet , about 15 minutes later .
tr	NNS	She opened the flaps on the side of the box .
tr	NN	You don 't know the meaning of the word . "
tr	NNS	He was still adjusting knobs .
tr	NN	Neil unlatched the covering on the palm of his hand .
tr	NN	Satisfied , he reassembled the rifle .
tr	NN	He really had a talent of leaving me shaken .
tr	NN	I handed her the condom and she got it on with her usual swiftness .
tr	NNS	With a groan and a sense of guilt , she threw back the covers and swung her legs over the edge of the bed .
tr	NNS	These modern times require written contracts .
tr	NN	The Prince felt heat flood his cheeks in embarrassment and shame at being handled in such a way .
tr	NNS	This coach must 've watched the tapes closely .
tr	NN	When you were fifty you joined this crackpot outfit , this Preston Society . "
tr	NN	He had refused the ubiquitous black eye patch .
tr	NN	He and I had gone sightseeing twice now , and Sarah refused to believe a sightseeing trip was not a date .
tr	NNS	" Did you check the cold lands ? "
tr	NNS	Although his young Eileen promised the return to be temporary , Wayne wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	" Yes , he wasn ´ t even from around here .
tr	NNS	If I need to fight a vampire , I get those powers .
tr	NNS	I paid over a million dollars for Clara .
tr	NNS	" You got some nice tits , too . "
tr	NNS	In one swift movement , he reversed our positions , pinning me to the mattress .
tr	NN	I don 't have a reputation to protect . "
tr	NNS	More often , I get random , fleeting , confusing signals , and I wonder if I 'm losing my mind . "
tr	NNS	I recall blood vessels near the surface all over his face and neck .
tr	NNS	" You all have your assignments , but there is still one flaw : getting into the building .
tr	NN	The light pouring down on his shoulders accentuates every ripple of muscle in his arms and bathes his perfectly defined abs in a soft , golden glow .
tr	NN	" You got your language ! "
tr	NN	You should hide some chocolate in my gym bag . "
tr	NN	She turned the knob and pushed it open .
tr	NN	I suggest fishing and sea trade .
tr	NNS	You really should read today 's paper , it will save you all sorts of detective work . "
tr	NN	Rolling onto her side , she checked the nightstand for a phone .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	He didn 't like fang snakes . "
tr	NNS	" Courtney has the hots for her science teacher . "
tr	NNS	The earthquake might have exposed Christian relics .
tr	NN	I take a flying leap from one roof to the next .
tr	NN	He kissed her passionately once more .
tr	NNS	Odd terms or payments ? "
tr	NN	She then lifted the tarp that she 'd covered the tiny skeleton with earlier .
tr	NN	Under the brilliance of the full moon , Luna saw a valley full of grass and trees .
tr	NNS	I could feel the stares of kids in the hall , but I pushed it out .
tr	NN	On the contrary , he gave her the impression that he was determined not to need anyone .
tr	NN	" Well ... " With a short bark of laughter , he tossed a handful of powder at me .
tr	NNS	" I , I think we are only a few books , I mean blocks away . "
tr	NN	This dark green one really suits your coloring .
tr	NNS	Then he could work free unseen .
tr	NNS	She loathed the visions .
tr	NN	I pull the tag for the jeans off the back belt loop .
tr	NN	- Mike 's last four hours of work were agonizing : more number crunching , mostly bureaucratic paperwork .
tr	NNS	The space cruiser he was travelling in had numerous halls such as this one , each with a vast capacity .
tr	NNS	" Give Elodie my apologies for missing Sunday dinner .
tr	NNS	" We have as many ships as they have .
tr	NN	We have begun our descent so please keep your seat belts fastened .
tr	NN	" I give you a command : Count the men who will draw swords for me .
tr	NN	Running quickly across the field , I could see a fox rushing into a flower bed , its tail bushy and bright .
tr	NN	" But they didn 't join the Resistance ? "
tr	NN	Jacey spun around the heavyset nurse and ran out of the room .
tr	NNS	But as her skills increased , so did her targets .
tr	NN	Rosemary made the phone gesture , mouthed : " Call me . "
tr	NNS	He quickly pulled out two metallic spears containing the new virus and shoved them into her torso without ever turning around .
tr	NN	' He murdered my granddaughter . '
tr	NN	' But I already have a duty to fulfil . '
tr	NNS	One simply cannot greet family members when in Town . "
tr	NN	" I only did my duty , and even then it wasn 't all that much or even that difficult , for that matter .
tr	NNS	Can he convince his pals ? "
tr	NNS	The four of us have discussions of our religious viewpoints very openly .
tr	NNS	" Maybe I could pay you five bucks a week , like rent . "
tr	NN	Dark hair , big teeth , medium height and build .
tr	NNS	" They often used vulgar terms in reference to it . "
tr	NN	She really had a great imagination for the place .
tr	NN	Anyway , they started the argument about the museum and the Division of Fine Arts all over again .
tr	NNS	Nobody had such clear visions of the future , especially not normal people in normal situations .
tr	NNS	I felt my nipples hardening and regretted the thin silk of the dress .
tr	NNS	" But you 've also signed the thank-you cards for your birthday and Christmas presents as Kate for the past several years . "
tr	NNS	They fire a few air-to-air missiles but these miss their mark , the fighter jets have electronic counter measures against ' friendly ' fire .
tr	NNS	" But what about endangering our families ? "
tr	NN	Of course , they both got soaked , father and son soaked .
tr	NN	They drove down the hill together .
tr	NN	Please fetch him here , so that he can give us counsel . "
tr	NN	" I do love you , " he said hoarsely , the words not an adequate representation of what he felt for Kira .
tr	NN	Mrs. Fields cut the cake and served everyone a slice .
tr	NN	I do no more harm . "
tr	NN	" Get the artifact ! "
tr	NN	You just lay down that rifle and take yourself out of our business . "
tr	NN	Many have spiky , coloured hair and chains dangling from their ears , noses and lips .
tr	NNS	Turns out I was seeing bits of the spirits who were hanging around , trying to communicate with the living .
tr	NNS	" Wear your T-shirts inside out .
tr	NN	One weekend he saw an advertisement for bright red women 's underwear in one of his computer magazines .
tr	NNS	She 'd also been ignoring his texts , but this one was more poignant than the others , which were mostly questions .
tr	NNS	She darted up several dozen yards to try to get a better view .
tr	NNS	My Chucks are on my feet in case I have issues with my car .
tr	NNS	He left skid marks across the blacktop when he jerked into a space and I shot him a harrowing look .
tr	NN	He took possession of her mouth without his usual self-imposed control .
tr	NNS	" Cuba is a poor country , how do you buy all these precious metals ? "
tr	NNS	No excuse to isolate yourself and pretend we have no priorities or feelings or common sense .
tr	NNS	Using every available flat place on the wood , she laid out plates , napkins , forks , and wrapped sandwiches .
tr	NN	" You always keep that video up here -- every time you are around one of them . "
tr	NN	She said a prayer to thank God for the money and Duncan MacLeod for giving her the job .
tr	NNS	First , I was assembling solar panels with Vogel when Commander Lewis drove off , and I saw she headed due south .
tr	NNS	And she did not mind the taunts from her little brother as she taught him to be safe .
tr	NNS	I had my suspicions , but to hear it stated out loud made it real .
tr	NN	That only increased his resolve to find a way to free her somehow .
tr	NNS	Doing that has certain unavoidable dangers , but there 's nothing to be done for it .
tr	NN	Henry entered the room triumphantly , brandishing something in his hand .
tr	NNS	I managed three quick and painfully cold bites of ice cream before they knocked on my door .
tr	NN	You 've got your Winchester and a Sig , and there 's the Browning , and we 've got the bow . "
tr	NN	She 'd found an affordable nursery near work that JP seemed to love and which was even mostly covered by Henri 's child support .
tr	NN	" Okay , then let 's say , whoever is doing this , did fax some kind of alert to a handful of small airports .
tr	NNS	" I have a few tricks up my sleeve . "
tr	NN	Shane and Brody had scoured the clinic and bullied the staff , but the three were nowhere to be found .
tr	NNS	You can fill in the gaps yourself . "
tr	NNS	Walking into the wardrobe I saw ten pinstriped suits on a chrome rail , again , each one the same as the last .
tr	NNS	Of course , I had no dolphins now .
tr	NN	It 's like being handed a promotion that costs your best friend 's job .
tr	NN	He had a much softer personality and demeanor .
tr	NNS	I 'm not doing drugs . "
tr	NNS	Institutions like Madame Helena 's typically employ doctors who have zero problems partaking in unethical medical practices .
tr	NN	He couldn 't keep the disgust out of his voice .
tr	NN	They stopped the cart in the middle of the small room and clicked the wheels into four locking grips on the floor .
tr	NN	Denise spun the shaft of the film synchronizer on the bench .
tr	NN	Quickly , Abbott slid a small pistol out of his coat pocket .
tr	NNS	Within the books , alongside other sketches of the symbols , some of the writers had made attempts at researching the possible meanings that lay behind them .
tr	NN	It let out a rumbling growl .
tr	NNS	" It sounds more like directions from your GPS .
tr	NN	Her face radiated joy .
tr	NN	I could almost see his head collide with his heart through his pathetic expression .
tr	NNS	I heard gun shots but it came from behind .
tr	NNS	Back swept the great birds that were with him , and down they came like huge black shadows .
tr	NN	Let me in , darlin ' .
tr	NN	Those sentiments could actually dampen his lust , hamper his plans to satisfy it .
tr	NN	And made a dash for the nearest fire alarm .
tr	NNS	Garrett raised his palms in surrender .
tr	NNS	When we got back to the compound , Izzy and Finley were out doing chores .
tr	NNS	Avoid the roads , kill the cadavers , scavenge and walk , walk , walk and walk some more .
tr	NN	This time Claire didn 't feel the urge to shake off her niece .
tr	NNS	He wiped the last few drops of slime from his hand and walked out of the pilots ' room .
tr	NN	I throw my pillow at him .
tr	NNS	Isabella and Mac let out their breaths and went back to the remains of their breakfasts , carefully not looking at Ian .
tr	NN	The linoleum floor , a dizzying pattern of black-and-white diamond shapes , needed an industrial-strength scrub .
tr	NN	Sarah held up a package .
tr	NNS	He spun knobs on the amp as Danny , a clueless spectator , watched the comedy .
tr	NNS	Absolute rulers don 't make requests . "
tr	NN	You probably have a shrine in your house , too . "
tr	NN	Two armed pilots boarded the aircraft and relayed their respects to Leon , proud to commandeer this historical flight .
tr	NN	" They lost respect for the earth .
tr	NNS	" When do you start classes for your Vet program ? "
tr	NNS	We 'll need the technical skills of your crèche companions to bring society back up to speed quickly .
tr	NNS	Dreamer felt butterflies in her stomach as she stared at his broad back .
tr	NN	She threw a softball at me and I caught it .
tr	NN	She pulled the pentagram she wore on a chain around her neck from under her blouse .
tr	NNS	You will find the pillars of glass .
tr	NN	Don 't worry about us , I know the drill .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , the timing and the geography called the shots .
tr	NN	He couldn 't see the Flannel Man clearly , because the chair had fallen on top of him .
tr	NNS	" A lot of us spent our weekends at Rocky Point .
tr	NNS	" Dee , make arrangements . "
tr	NNS	Mia took some deep breaths and it helped to stop the tears .
tr	NN	I uncapped the pen and waited .
tr	NN	We have the element of surprise on our side .
tr	NNS	She holds out open palms .
tr	NNS	They 'd exchanged phone numbers and Julia had smiled her way through her shift that day .
tr	NN	Johnny found the package Zora the Kansas PI had sent .
tr	NNS	I may have cut my fangs in a different time , but I own every current gaming system on the U.S. market . "
tr	NNS	I looped the reins of my team around the brake handle of my wagon and climbed down .
tr	NN	But I did notice an article in a recent issue of the Los Angeles Times that might get to some of the questions you are asking . "
tr	NNS	" I can 't offer any excuses .
tr	NNS	The CEO of her company , a.k.a. " Head Jerk " had demanded these reports no later than noon .
tr	NN	I didn 't follow my own advice , of course , but I 've learned to get along without sleep when I have to .
tr	NN	It touches Kai 's knuckles , tentatively shrinking back ; neither one moves .
tr	NN	In return , I got a scathing glare .
tr	NNS	Mature celestial objects formed millions of years after the big bang .
tr	NN	" You have a task .
tr	NNS	He loved cats but there was something about this one that made him take a step back .
tr	NNS	Not so many were lucky in this way , choosing the terms of their preservation .
tr	NN	State police doin a last evacuation sweep ?
tr	NNS	I padded along behind them , my toenails clicking on the floor .
tr	NN	Margaret and I shared the responsibility of checking up on Mom and spending time with her .
tr	NNS	" I have a few scratches , but I am fine . "
tr	NN	Gennady played the video for Connor .
tr	NNS	They carefully stowed their treasures into their boxes so they could show Melanie when she came home .
tr	NNS	" Guardianship forms and instructions ?
tr	NN	' Expert advice in what , Jack ?
tr	NNS	" I don 't have mood swings . "
tr	NNS	" Even killers have rights . "
tr	NNS	I heard his low hiss in the darkness .
tr	NNS	Maybe we won 't lose so many youngsters to them Temple priests . "
tr	NNS	And if you had a key ... It took Oscar Kent four attempts before he managed to catch Gregory Dryden 's attention .
tr	NNS	We need more nice folks like you that will take charge and do the right thing for us all . "
tr	NN	The celebration was going full swing in Rio .
tr	NN	If there were only some way I could have an inexhaustible supply of seed on hand to keep them quiet .
tr	NN	But I picked the wrong CD .
tr	NN	They can swear allegiance to the Destroyer and be spared or they die . "
tr	NN	He carefully slipped his shoe off and stepped around the pile while he watched her dive into the task and her explanation with equal fervor .
tr	NN	" I had an argument with Matt .
tr	NN	It stamped a hoof uncertainly .
tr	NNS	We know experts on other cultures and languages too .
tr	NNS	" Still , at least we have the three ducks .
tr	NNS	Beneath his jeans he wore dark blue boxer briefs that didn 't cover nearly enough of his anatomy , to her point of view .
tr	NNS	I lay my palms against his pecs and feel his racing heartbeat under his rapidly rising and falling chest .
tr	NN	Straight up that hill we 'd gone , and captured the guns before they 'd been able to turn them around .
tr	NNS	I pushed back the covers to immediately have them flipped back over me .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have any expectations .
tr	NNS	The other side overlooked orderly ranks of bookshelves on the first floor .
tr	NNS	Addie pointed to a shuttle a few hundred yards away .
tr	NN	" God , bring back my consciousness .
tr	NN	" Looks cute honey . "
tr	NNS	She hated the creeping suspicions that he could be so calculating in getting his way .
tr	NNS	Unemployment paid five hundred dollars a week .
tr	NN	" Stop , Miranda , " he urged hoarsely , his hand moving up and down her back .
tr	NN	At home or in the RV he would rub the knot in her neck - I sat up faster than I had when Sam woke me .
tr	NNS	Dominic indicated the waiters with a slight inclination of his head .
tr	NN	We have in storage a supply of over 3,000 black med patches . "
tr	NN	I tore my pistol from my belt and pointed the muzzle at the sergeant .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my thumbs , considering .
tr	NNS	Neighboring knights and their ladies sent their sons to train with them .
tr	NN	Have faith that you can overcome this evil , have faith that there is a greater plan at work , and have faith in me .
tr	NN	Carter did not once seek out the temple or the palace or the citadel , but stayed by the seaward wall among traders and sailors .
tr	NNS	Aria hated the old coal mines ; they were creepy , dangerous , and filthy .
tr	NN	Her sinuous , efficient use of the wheeled machine had an almost hypnotic effect on him .
tr	NNS	" We ran fingerprints through the database , and got positive IDs on all of them .
tr	NN	He tipped the canister over and the little silver tablets rolled out over the table .
tr	NNS	We don 't need more complications ; this is going to be hard enough . "
tr	NNS	' Several hundred yards or so , I 'd say . "
tr	NN	It had been loaded with yellow berries and beside it , I had seen a plant with tubers coming up from the ground , much like potatoes .
tr	NNS	She patted the mattress for him to sit .
tr	NNS	Had he given me fleas ?
tr	NNS	there go two more members of your little group !
tr	NN	Every day he 'd pick up his communicator to call her and every day he 'd hesitate , then put the device back into his pocket .
tr	NN	He tossed a thin package on the narrow counter in front of him .
tr	NN	A long tear in his uniform 's sleeve revealed his undershirt , and the jacket 's buttons were missing in several places .
tr	NN	He doesn 't study his craft .
tr	NN	Caroline grabbed the pinky and handed it back to the toy .
tr	NNS	He was breaking down her defenses and she was starting to ... no , she couldn 't say that she liked him .
tr	NNS	Boys have given me the butterflies before , but I usually have more control over my susceptibility to such mundane movements .
tr	NN	She gave my shoulder a squeeze and strode off to join a group of her cronies , who 'd been glancing our way .
tr	NN	I let out a deep growl .
tr	NNS	Jaimie has left the sisters with the newly found weapons and has entered Diana 's home just in time to barely hear her last words .
tr	NN	I had no clock there but was pretty sure more than two hours had passed .
tr	NNS	He files all the used targets .
tr	NN	Agent Locke was speaking my language , but I didn 't have time to relish that fact .
tr	NNS	It held the remains of seven women ... She believed Butch to be capable of extreme violence .
tr	NN	He put a sarcastic twist on the title and Cassandra 's eyes narrowed .
tr	NN	( ' Have you tried this treatment for female baldness ?
tr	NNS	Travis held up his palms in surrender .
tr	NNS	She surrounded his senses so completely that everything else but her faded away .
tr	NN	" Wait , he can 't throw a football ? "
tr	NNS	In addition , we 've seen two terrible winters .
tr	NNS	He had read reports from other countries of an increase in crime with the rise of freedom .
tr	NNS	The closer the judges were getting to Errol , the more he felt butterflies in his stomach .
tr	NN	It doesn 't have much detail , but I 'm lucky to have it at all .
tr	NN	He kissed her temple while rubbing along her spine .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't trusted her instincts , and instead she 'd trusted him .
tr	NN	We all had our hopes resting on this one glass paperweight .
tr	NN	I see a sail sticking up . "
tr	NNS	They would advance versions of what was going to happen next , hanging out in his famous nook .
tr	NN	Tears accompanied the lifting of her lids .
tr	NNS	The ground around them is slippery with blood , littered with demon limbs , chunks of flesh , even a head or two .
tr	NN	John raised his pistol and moved the muzzle close to the man 's face .
tr	NN	" Spoken like a true psychologist . "
tr	NNS	All of them searched both tunnels , poking , prodding , and knocking the wall all the way .
tr	NN	Duke had another appointment .
tr	NN	Gray remembered the young pilot .
tr	NN	I 'd exhausted Storm 's closet and needed a few things of my own , so we spent the afternoon at the mall buying clothes .
tr	NNS	I got a few stares , but people quickly got back to whatever it was that they were doing .
tr	NN	After cooking dinner , Delilah checked all the surveillance equipment .
tr	NN	She flipped open the cube and cautiously said , " I must speak through the box , because my true voice can be quite dangerous .
tr	NNS	" I have some good contacts from my marketing days . "
tr	NN	The afternoon passed with breaks for dips in the ocean , walks along the shoreline and lunch in the Inn .
tr	NNS	I examined the marks ... $ 200 Nikes , no doubt .
tr	NN	Allison took the roster from Matt and gave it to Seth .
tr	NN	Through the day she had upgraded his status from kill on sight to suspicious to the man with delicious treats who can 't be trusted .
tr	NN	Without question , she slashed it forward , the whip extending in the air , nearly hitting us .
tr	NNS	So this Chinese beast is managing Bonaparte 's dragons for him ?
tr	NN	See that tiny row of trees ahead ? "
tr	NN	Andrew gave him a thumbs-up and pushed past Neil .
tr	NNS	Many scoundrels await inexperienced travelers , especially ones as lovely as you . "
tr	NNS	No matter , soon as she closes her eyes and no one sees me , I put the previously captured crumbs in my mouth .
tr	NNS	" But we have brought reinforcements .
tr	NNS	" Can you make up more excuses ? "
tr	NNS	To date he 'd received seven monthly payments .
tr	NNS	There in the shadows , Ian could make out the forms of a man and a woman .
tr	NNS	Melinda 's tone shoved his cravings back in their place .
tr	NNS	I heard splashing coming downstream fast .
tr	NNS	" We may no longer have the allies we relied upon , but we have each other , and together we are strong . "
tr	NN	Among the castle soldiers , a circle of hooded figures also protected the castle .
tr	NN	She needed to know what he intended her to have , the sooner the better .
tr	NN	The Sheriff put his pen down and stared at Joshua .
tr	NNS	I licked my fangs and leaned down , eager to taste the warm , rich blood trickling from her neck and matting into her hair .
tr	NN	She will form an organization that will battle the evils of this world and puts an end to the soulless amongst us .
tr	NN	" What , you 're giving me legal advice now ? "
tr	NN	I massaged my temple , trying to alleviate the tension headache I felt growing , but it was no use .
tr	NNS	" What are you getting supplies for ? "
tr	NNS	We not only live in two different worlds , we have two separate value systems .
tr	NNS	We love our families .
tr	NNS	After a quick discussion they had abandoned their efforts to return to sleep .
tr	NNS	He could find no breaks in the band 's perfect surface , but he did discover something else .
tr	NNS	I 'm sure , when they were in their autumn , they looked miraculous .
tr	NNS	" But you better give us directions . "
tr	NNS	How are we hitting these faction meetings at the right time ?
tr	NNS	I could feel my insides shaking as I made my way outside .
tr	NNS	He stood mere paces from the demon in white .
tr	NN	And with that , he kissed her passionately .
tr	NN	Renna studied the man 's expensive uniform , the private garage , his own personal ninja army .
tr	NN	He pointed the pistol directly at his head .
tr	NN	I didn 't get a recording .
tr	NNS	The insistent attention from every passing soul , praising his actions and sacrifices .
tr	NN	I left my pen to its work and went to find Luke .
tr	NN	God had given them the scientific method and the instrument to draw meaning from the results : The Bible .
tr	NNS	" You have balls , woman . "
tr	NN	Towering monuments that gleam in the sun .
tr	NN	Blake hands his revolver to her and takes hers .
tr	NNS	' Come , you shall sit behind me , friend Gimli , said Legolas .
tr	NNS	I bared my fangs and hissed .
tr	NN	Seldon said a little impatiently , " Is there anything else that 's part of the condition ? "
tr	NNS	Jack Husk was still wearing his aviator goggles and they disguised some of his beauty , but not the most distracting part : his red lips .
tr	NN	He 'd readily accepted his promotion to Captain from first mate when the new owner had arrived at the dock hours before .
tr	NN	He had caused enough harm ; he could not - would not - do more .
tr	NN	We got up that gorge in one day and it was miles long .
tr	NNS	" Took my chances with the ocean . "
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers and got out of bed .
tr	NN	Just to make her chest twist and tighten that way ?
tr	NNS	But they both got high marks for speedy recovery on the romance front .
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to tell Oliver he could leave his dog behind , too .
tr	NN	Michael has an affinity and talent for the growing end , like his mom and me .
tr	NN	Declan gave a little shrug .
tr	NNS	" Vampires have many powers .
tr	NN	Paul feels their malignant consciousness searching , scanning down over the surface of the Earth .
tr	NN	And most worrisome , the man knows every detail about Hell 's Cape . "
tr	NNS	Marlowe had joined the two younger generations on the rails .
tr	NNS	By positioning its massive fronds just so , the kelp diverted ocean currents for feeding and aeration .
tr	NN	But I have a producer for you who will be great for this play .
tr	NNS	Ray 's eyebrows jump five inches off her forehead .
tr	NN	The Chairman of the Legislature has his estate here and we will be passing it . "
tr	NN	They had a huge maritime collection .
tr	NNS	" You read my cards ? "
tr	NN	When he leaves the terminal .
tr	NNS	It would not bring back to life the millions of Americans who died that night , and it would only double the suffering for the human race .
tr	NNS	I 'll go over the roofs ahead of you and spot any ambush .
tr	NNS	" I have the dark powers , brother !
tr	NN	I took my time answering .
tr	NN	I love pizza the most .
tr	NN	Chapter 50 - Running out of time travelers Hours later , they had not found any plant that was even similar to what they were looking for .
tr	NN	- I pointed the pistol at the girl but that stupid stood before her !
tr	NNS	Stephan digs his fingernails into the wood of the table , as if channeling his anger there .
tr	NNS	What does it mean , these sparse lines that never intersect , these gloomy splashes of colors , these alienated scenes ?
tr	NNS	He 'd never had any interactions with children .
tr	NNS	" Take your spoils and leave this place .
tr	NN	" No , I was not , Doctor , " said the sergeant firmly .
tr	NNS	They will give you nightmares .
tr	NNS	But Kylie probably missed Holiday 's hugs most of all .
tr	NNS	After the knife incident she had no more doubts .
tr	NNS	They piled plates with food and settled back down into the chairs .
tr	NN	I even left my umbrella behind .
tr	NNS	She had many allies as well as enemies .
tr	NN	Would she continue modeling , the paper asked , or maybe move on to acting ?
tr	NN	When their fingers touched , she felt a tingling on her skin .
tr	NN	" Why , certainly , yer worship .
tr	NNS	After Lea and Julie were done , they put their plates and the tray away .
tr	NNS	Andy fanned the cards , selected one and set down the remainder .
tr	NNS	She was wearing a yellow sundress that hugged her figure , then flared out softly at her hips .
tr	NNS	Unlike most people , Jake didn 't just tell lies .
tr	NN	Lloyd stopped pacing to rejoin us .
tr	NN	" You know the drill .
tr	NNS	In a matter of minutes , with a minimum of words , this willful fiend had seduced my senses and burned my sensibilities .
tr	NNS	Why would you be discussing babies with him ?
tr	NNS	He stole my innocents at four years old and he continues to hurt me and take me every single time he plans a dinner party !
tr	NNS	Or you could hit the slopes and do a little skiing . "
tr	NN	They headed down a hill ; the expensive houses of Santa Monica framed them on both sides of the wide street .
tr	NNS	I can percolate 15 cups for a dollar . "
tr	NN	I grabbed her butt and pushed her onto me , so that the length of my erection was going deeper and deeper into her .
tr	NN	" Watch your language . "
tr	NN	At the end of the wing he found the shed , stacked with a huge amount of firewood .
tr	NN	The minute Amber stepped inside the exquisitely decorated restaurant and smelled the delicious aroma of Italian food , she formulated an addition to her plan .
tr	NNS	As he crossed over the lowlands , he saw several small bands of soldiers scattered across the landscape .
tr	NNS	She had brought some side dishes with her and some she was currently rushing around Bri 's kitchen preparing .
tr	NNS	" No , just raiding their food stores to feed their own troops . "
tr	NN	He tosses the towel down on the back of the chair in the living room .
tr	NNS	She 'd been making excuses lately to explain why she was so often tired and lacking in energy .
tr	NNS	" We have young teens , like you , who think the same way , the righteous way .
tr	NN	She raised the rifle and began to fire back at the trucks .
tr	NN	Sophie Price had just learned self-control .
tr	NN	He wiped his fork on the sleeve of his jacket and dropped it back into his pack , tossing the empty can over his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Her heart added a few extra beats , but she kept walking .
tr	NN	Sheila read the memo for the third time .
tr	NN	The medics carried emergency equipment and a stretcher .
tr	NN	So I took the bull by the horns and called and spoke with a Mr. Burnett James about twenty minutes ago .
tr	NNS	He held his palms up .
tr	NNS	Scrubbing along his jaw , he scanned the crews returning to business as if nothing had happened .
tr	NN	Based on what she knew of his past , she guessed the latter .
tr	NNS	I can 't handle the numbness any longer . "
tr	NN	Via the grapevine , he 'd heard Ralph 's version and found it only distantly related to the truth .
tr	NNS	He wiped dusty cobwebs off the spine of a random book .
tr	NN	She wasn 't bringing him a casserole .
tr	NNS	He searched his surroundings trying to remember where he was .
tr	NNS	You found allies when necessary .
tr	NN	They continued the climb for the rest of that day and most of the next .
tr	NN	" I don 't fancy digging up a grave . "
tr	NN	My grandfather , Wilmer Shemp , brought that painting back to America from Southern France -- I believe he picked it up in Arles .
tr	NNS	Because from here he 's got his targets walking directly toward him in a straight line .
tr	NNS	He alternated long strokes of his tongue with light nips of his teeth that had Cara 's hips bucking against him in search of relief .
tr	NNS	" Take the coins and run ! "
tr	NN	The effort had brought some talent into the castle Guard .
tr	NNS	" I mean , you have ulterior motives . "
tr	NNS	Put our skills to use .
tr	NN	Franz knew if he didn 't leave soon , he would lose all self-control and appear even more suspicious .
tr	NNS	I 've always had my doubts about their " friend " relationship .
tr	NNS	Riordan followed the tracks .
tr	NN	You can 't take responsibility for someone else 's heart when you 're not even ready to admit you have one of your own . "
tr	NN	A stream of waiters carefully wheeled a tall chocolate cake with a single sparkler candle poking out the top to a nearby table .
tr	NNS	We deposited our burdens in the bed of the pickup and climbed into the cab .
tr	NN	However , half way through breakfast , Uncle Ron dropped his fork and grabbed at his chest .
tr	NN	Darius feigned a scowl .
tr	NNS	She could ignore filters and insulation to find a way , as she always had , to enter my life .
tr	NN	The kitchen didn 't have a dishwasher , so everything was done by hand .
tr	NNS	Geraldine had never required uniforms of her staff , so they all dressed for comfort and as an expression of their personal style .
tr	NNS	There he would part my thighs and with a kiss murmur , More sons , most precious of wives .
tr	NNS	He took a few wobbly paces , gripping the table to keep from falling over .
tr	NNS	For now she held all the cards ... .
tr	NN	Ainsley felt a flutter of pleasure .
tr	NNS	This lusty attraction had scrambled his wits , which wasn 't a common problem for him .
tr	NNS	I put the coins in and shakily dial the number , holding my breath while I wait for the call to connect .
tr	NNS	I told the servants not to disturb the family , and went into the library to attend their usual hour of rising .
tr	NNS	" I don 't deal drugs .
tr	NN	He let out a moan , but that 's all she got .
tr	NN	Sometimes these days she felt a dull ache in her lower body and her work had become a painful chore .
tr	NN	Anyway , I spent a good half-hour just looking around , while she stood aside and observed me .
tr	NN	ahem ... a woman taking a peek at me . "
tr	NN	The saloons did a roaring trade in mayhem , gun fights , broken glass , and replacement tables and chairs from the local carpenters .
tr	NNS	We wanted to go more west , because dare I say it , he had visions of California to find gold and become rich .
tr	NN	" Except move the block .
tr	NNS	Are you telling me your dad doesn 't use his abilities in his new job ? "
tr	NNS	Mat flicked his reins , Pips continuing to plod along .
tr	NNS	What was more , they would exceed his expectations because she 'd gone out of her way to commission professionally produced illustrations and charts .
tr	NN	Sharp features lent her an aspect of intelligence ; we 'd find out whether that was true once we spoke .
tr	NN	" Well , I 've learned my lesson .
tr	NN	I 've seen my people worship at the altars of gods like you and I have yet to see the benefit .
tr	NNS	He sang the next lyrics with his brows scrunched , like he was sure he was dreaming .
tr	NNS	Wayne and I spent the weekends together , mostly just hanging out and doing fun things with Abigail .
tr	NN	The stranger had the misfortune to die that very night .
tr	NN	At Dad 's insistence I 've been seeing a shrink monthly ever since .
tr	NN	That scared the tar out of me .
tr	NNS	As if I 'd conjured him , a spark of awareness pricked and sizzled along my nerve endings .
tr	NN	Chapter 10 Amara suppressed an irrationally intense urge to have Cirrus choke off Senator Valerius 's supply of air .
tr	NN	She launched the cousin rocket at him missing his head .
tr	NNS	Tonight , I 'll charge up both batteries so I can be ready for a little test drive tomorrow .
tr	NNS	She severed tendons in both wrists . "
tr	NNS	She 'd never get past Dylan .
tr	NN	I then let out the biggest yawn in the history of mankind .
tr	NN	Studied the sleeping trio .
tr	NN	" I left the blouse on the kitchen table .
tr	NN	I suddenly have the urge to kiss him .
tr	NNS	Reyes studied the sandwiches .
tr	NN	Chapter 1 David Arman straightened his dress uniform nervously , trying to make the official crispness transfer to his confidence .
tr	NN	She pulled the cap off and tilted the bottle back , draining the rest of her supply .
tr	NN	" You used Jazz to take out the killer , after the fact . "
tr	NN	His warm touch sent a shockwave of shivers up my arms and down my back .
tr	NNS	Jamaica and Tahiti and California probably had restaurants named Florida Foodie .
tr	NN	She also runs the hotel spa , and you 'll find her there most days . "
tr	NNS	Johnny had cancelled gigs until Stu could get to speed .
tr	NN	" No success ? "
tr	NNS	He read reports and conducted depositions and drafted pleadings , but all the while he was waiting .
tr	NN	Beyond the bridge , a spread of lamps revealed a tight knot of soldiers gathered on the far side .
tr	NN	Tightening the belt of her white dressing gown , Mary descended the staircase .
tr	NNS	We sent each other birthday cards . "
tr	NN	She didn 't see her Warlord escort .
tr	NN	I obeyed his command and kept focused on him as wave after delicious wave rolled over me .
tr	NN	She arched her spine , fisting her hands in the bottom sheet .
tr	NN	" I brought a nurse .
tr	NNS	Then they spotted the fins , too .
tr	NNS	They ate all their meals together , talked about the various stores and their individual problems and how they could be fixed or improved .
tr	NN	" Maybe I should go barefoot and stay pregnant , except when I 'm wearing lingerie . "
tr	NNS	Rosa was tossing peppers and onions into a hot pan .
tr	NN	This wasn 't how she wanted his affection .
tr	NNS	My mother blamed hormones .
tr	NN	Mr. Thornton dug his pistol into Rebecca 's side .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	Finally he pressed his palms to the table .
tr	NN	Taylor rubbed his belly in a circular motion .
tr	NNS	Could you take these cards to the copy center and cut them neatly ? "
tr	NN	I grabbed the dagger and wrapped both my palms around it , hugging it to my chest .
tr	NN	The fleeing shadow turned , pistol in hand .
tr	NNS	If I 'd ever been inclined to romanticize motherhood , this would 've dispelled those illusions straightaway .
tr	NNS	Sometimes Chicky would go and walk the cliffs at night and look out over the Atlantic Ocean .
tr	NNS	Police cars crawled the dark roads in all directions .
tr	NNS	It can have interesting repercussions .
tr	NN	When the door to the examination and treatment area opened , I caught a glimpse of nurses and doctors , scurrying around .
tr	NN	I can smell the butter in it from here .
tr	NNS	" Oddly enough , the women I matched you with did not view the dates in quite the same light . "
tr	NNS	She welcomes the clouds at first , her mouth dry as a bone .
tr	NNS	" Shit meals . "
tr	NN	Turning to the black lacquered box that had been left for her earlier , Eve lifted the hinged lid with its inlaid ivory cross and rummaged inside .
tr	NNS	We 'll freeze our butts off ! "
tr	NNS	Vane held his palms up , defensive .
tr	NN	If I don 't see you before , have a merry Christmas , Daryl . "
tr	NNS	She gathered up the cards into a single deck , split it , then shuffled .
tr	NNS	' Shall we say ... one hundred thousand dollars ? '
tr	NN	He saw terror in Adan 's eyes but also a courage that refused to back down , even at the approach of a traitor and murderer .
tr	NN	Then he picks up my rifle and passes it to me .
tr	NN	" They 're deciding his fate . "
tr	NNS	In his lab , a dozen small cages held live subjects for experiments .
tr	NNS	She had felt his fangs at her throat .
tr	NNS	Apparently , Liam had not divulged the finer points of his injury .
tr	NN	I heard the snap of her fingers , and the next thing I knew , someone kicked my stomach .
tr	NNS	I could see auras around most people .
tr	NN	She felt her stomach ripple in response , as his tongue met hers .
tr	NN	You scared the crap out of me . "
tr	NNS	Shaya set down some tiny cups made of engraved silver .
tr	NNS	In some places , the molten metal formed metallic icicles as it cooled .
tr	NNS	And so , one small victory and two thousand calories later , I stuffed empty cellophane wrappers into the trash and grabbed my phone from the nightstand .
tr	NN	He reversed the video for hours and never saw his brother enter .
tr	NN	" You don 't have proof . "
tr	NNS	" We don 't have any other leads to go on . "
tr	NNS	I made another two hundred dollars . "
tr	NNS	This trip had held all sorts of unexpected bonuses .
tr	NNS	What had once been deep gashes appeared more like scratches now .
tr	NN	The rotten stink of its breath made her gag .
tr	NN	They hugged the landscape for a few more miles , and then a valley appeared seemingly out of nowhere .
tr	NN	The music , his cologne and his closeness all made her head spin in a magical way .
tr	NNS	I have corrected some grammatical errors and Coetzee 's tendency to replace b with q in some cases .
tr	NN	" Love , I played a superhero last year and saved the world like five times .
tr	NN	I could smell fear emanating from Warren , his thoughts begging for the vampire not to hurt him .
tr	NN	She carried a basket and he could see some berries in it .
tr	NN	Ted did an impression of a penalty buzzer , lowering the GPS just inside the rim of the bucket .
tr	NNS	Competition , setbacks , accidental deliveries of the wrong supplies ... " " I had a really bad project manager .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon .
tr	NN	" I don 't know nothin ' about nothin ' .
tr	NNS	She took several deep breaths , hoping that it was over , contemplating whether she was still in the wood .
tr	NNS	Jenny knew all too well the arguments over money , John 's late nights at work and the children 's constant need for attention .
tr	NN	Rick felt a sudden pang of guilt , " Pause the TV , please , T. " The image froze .
tr	NNS	Even as ill as Jeff Hollister was , he put the members of the team first .
tr	NN	Her grandfather had renovated an old large Victorian , turning it into office space .
tr	NN	Leaning down , he sucked her tight brown nipple into his mouth .
tr	NNS	" You can 't see ghosts . "
tr	NN	And we had been offered a bargain .
tr	NN	Marquette had a winter of constant , small frustrations .
tr	NNS	' Some men like those sorts of girls .
tr	NN	The flowers gave off a rotten fragrance , and the scent of death seemed to cling to everything .
tr	NNS	We set down our packs .
tr	NNS	He has millions of genetic characteristics embedded in his data banks .
tr	NNS	" We need more monitors in the corridors . "
tr	NN	And still we haven 't gotten more than a quarter of our number over the wall .
tr	NNS	They must have more servants than that ? "
tr	NN	Kylie caught another branch coming back at her .
tr	NNS	Gently she pulled back the covers .
tr	NN	The quick change from pure calm to pure rage surprised Dan ' r , as did the man 's size .
tr	NN	I released a pent up breath and sat up straight , leaning over her face and tracing her hair line with my fingers .
tr	NNS	Now she was up at LSU taking classes , wanting to be a cancer researcher one day .
tr	NNS	Taking out their cameras and clicking pictures .
tr	NN	Hearing vehicles pulling up to the house , Boone retrieved a camouflaged net from his pack and quickly attached it to two trees .
tr	NNS	I didn 't make our excuses to anyone .
tr	NN	William tasted his joy .
tr	NNS	She didn 't play gigs .
tr	NNS	Adan took up his reins , ready to flee , but the unicorn stood as if rooted to the earth .
tr	NN	I feel a flutter of nerves , but push them down , waiting for him to say something .
tr	NNS	The fact I saved your life won me some brownie points .
tr	NNS	You must also acknowledge your strengths -- as certainly you have more than an equal share .
tr	NNS	We 'll need bathroom facilities and perhaps a bigger kitchen . "
tr	NN	He had a baseball bat in his hands .
tr	NN	She and Gabe had used a condom .
tr	NN	He waved the visitor inside .
tr	NNS	' How many samples have you taken ? '
tr	NN	They 'd have more privacy that way .
tr	NN	She had only one recourse .
tr	NN	Ashley saw a meaty arm swing for her , but she danced backwards out of his reach .
tr	NN	Listen , lady , ya got a reputation now .
tr	NNS	Jack followed the house numbers until he came to the one he was looking for : 323 .
tr	NNS	She always loved her grandmother 's tales .
tr	NNS	" Dropped off hearts and flowers ? "
tr	NNS	Instead , Durham led his companions away from the stairs , moving deeper into the castle and heading for the royal wing .
tr	NNS	Well , take care gentlemen .
tr	NN	I could not fathom the meaning behind this bizarre behavior .
tr	NNS	One incumbent after another served out repeated twenty-year terms , doing little or nothing besides holding entertainments before retiring or going on to some other career .
tr	NN	One thing she refused to do was suck the juice from the head once she pinched it off .
tr	NN	His weight pinned her deliciously .
tr	NNS	" Who 's doing the tours today , Nina ? "
tr	NN	They put a rock star , an international sensation in a coma .
tr	NN	I press the material against my shoulder that is bleeding at an alarming rate .
tr	NNS	They were traveling companions .
tr	NNS	And he would defy the gods themselves to keep her safe .
tr	NNS	Once these scraps had produced wondrous effects , their powerful magics demanding unparalleled prices .
tr	NN	" Stop looking so serious , Gregori - you haven 't lost your reputation entirely .
tr	NN	She wore her own apron and carried a cleaning rag and a gray plastic tub piled high with dirty dishes .
tr	NN	At one time Lorraine would have heeded his advice , but everything had changed when her mother died .
tr	NN	Judas scurried behind the couch , from whence arose muffled growling and an acrid odor .
tr	NNS	Dominic quickly discarded his boxers and rolled onto his back , pulling his nak * d wife with him so that she straddled him .
tr	NN	We had survived another encounter with the demons , and we continued to come out on top .
tr	NN	" Thank god . "
tr	NN	We moved furniture into the living room until it looked like a crowded second-hand store .
tr	NN	Did you get the plague ?
tr	NN	Onyx gave me a tight squeeze and I hugged her back as hard as I could .
tr	NN	I 'd reached the farm only just ahead of a renewed English assault to retake the farm .
tr	NNS	We 're sitting ducks here .
tr	NNS	Can one passionate night together banish the ghosts of the past and give two lost souls a second chance ?
tr	NN	Marian gave a deep shudder and replied , " I 'm restless .
tr	NN	" Oh , give me some credit , Senator .
tr	NNS	I threw mildly heated fireballs at their feet for their annoying response .
tr	NN	" We could find some out-of-the-way cafe .
tr	NNS	A zebra doesn 't change his stripes and I can assure you there is nothing about you that 's special .
tr	NNS	Of course , he could order his mech wolves to finish off the insurgents , but then who would build the new Party Headquarters ?
tr	NN	We have a craft .
tr	NNS	Or a whole flotilla of submarines would drop bombs on the fast moving splitters and hoped they turned into fish food .
tr	NNS	His thumb stroked a caress along the delicate line of her jaw .
tr	NNS	" At the very least , argue the pros and cons of what they 're wanting . "
tr	NN	Georgie remembered the Unabomber tantrum because they were in the middle of it the first time she saw Neal down at The Spoon .
tr	NN	She sent Michael a warning glare as he winced .
tr	NNS	" Did he do any mighty deeds ? "
tr	NNS	Luc filled her senses .
tr	NNS	She exchanged the full beers for the empty bottles and Cohen eagerly dug into the snacks , grabbing a handful and tossing it into his open mouth .
tr	NN	Yeah , a moment ago , she 'd evaded her mom 's matchmaking , but she wasn 't against making a temporary match of her own devising .
tr	NN	What a great way to kickstart this experiment of getting hunters and vampires to work together .
tr	NNS	Dylan rubbed his palms together as if to warm them , and when the onlookers cheered , pointed at the dartboard .
tr	NNS	We 'll erect towering statues -- of me , naturally -- to commemorate the victory of our movement ! "
tr	NN	Bob offered no argument .
tr	NNS	Inventing toasted sandwiches ? '
tr	NN	He wanted his advice on how to proceed in removing the corpses .
tr	NNS	Who 'd see the photographs , read the headline , and think she was posing a question ?
tr	NNS	They bought new items if they could afford them and second-hand items if they couldn 't .
tr	NNS	He hooked his thumbs into his belt and glanced around .
tr	NN	But if she told them that , they 'd just ramp up the mockery .
tr	NN	I didn 't have a claim to him , although I wanted that .
tr	NNS	Didn 't they use something called runes in those days ?
tr	NN	Speaking of Robert , he was doing some daytime howling now .
tr	NNS	" I have connections .
tr	NNS	A skilled operator could carry out multiple operations within the light matrix generated by the sphere just by moving fingers .
tr	NNS	" You 've committed a foul deed ... . . "
tr	NN	Instead , he did another short circuit of the room and stopped again near the desk .
tr	NN	I appreciated the intent even as I said , " I was fine . "
tr	NN	" That gives her protection . "
tr	NN	So I sent out a quick blast of Ice magic , freezing the drops and then cracking them off my face .
tr	NN	" No one has seen a wormhole .
tr	NN	- who had been getting off his report in garbled language to the Head of Station .
tr	NN	" They could have conquered his clan , then muddled his senses and sent him to lure others into a trap . "
tr	NNS	I cleaned the exposed blinds .
tr	NNS	The next youngest grave marker dates to 1890 .
tr	NNS	She lifted both palms and studied them .
tr	NNS	No big deal really , just a few hundred yards from where they normally practice anyway . "
tr	NNS	They sure have instincts for what makes for an easy target .
tr	NNS	He had weird powers .
tr	NN	Harry had a brand new outfit , brought home from college by his mother .
tr	NN	She felt the hilt of the knife digging into her palm and she took a better grip until she felt him giving himself to her .
tr	NNS	When he left her house three years ago , he had nine hundred dollars and a borrowed vehicle .
tr	NNS	She could see clouds below .
tr	NNS	Okay , if they wanted to be discreet , they could take two cabs and meet somewhere .
tr	NN	I took the vial out of my pocket and carefully poured the Dixie Cup 's contents into it .
tr	NN	" I have the periphery of the facility covered with stationary groups of units which will engage any uncontrolled units and stop them .
tr	NN	He stopped painting and turned his gray eyes on me .
tr	NNS	" The company has already stockpiled stores of resin in China .
tr	NNS	She lightly massaged his temples as she spoke .
tr	NN	The SQ probably stole that technology from them , too .
tr	NNS	" We have rights ! "
tr	NN	They 'd rigged a winch while I 'd been gone .
tr	NNS	Someone is targeting powerful witches , and you two are the only ones left . "
tr	NNS	' You remember the Gentle Age 's donations in the Cathedral Hall ? '
tr	NNS	She could discern no marks on the scaly pillar to tell her anything about this creature .
tr	NNS	" What about your mom and sisters ? "
tr	NNS	For a moment she imagined all her darkest fears coming true .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , your former office has undergone some changes and is no longer sufficient to your needs .
tr	NNS	As far as finances went , Troy had no complaints .
tr	NN	I picked up a wrap and met everyone at a table .
tr	NN	I owed her a debt I would never be able to repay .
tr	NNS	" You know , my engines always revving .
tr	NN	No , she 'd lost that whole choice option a year ago .
tr	NN	He thrust the titanium dagger deep into Kain 's stomach .
tr	NNS	Soon they were holding warm bowls of homemade dal and dunking biscuits in the thick lentil soup .
tr	NNS	Next to the mail that had accumulated while she was gone stood a dozen roses , beautifully arranged in a large clear vase .
tr	NNS	Modern in New Salem terms , that is : the oldest graves were from the 1800s .
tr	NN	Being under the soft glow of the rising moon , the movement had a soporific effect .
tr	NN	I put the cap back on the counter .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms against her temples .
tr	NN	He didn 't eat a morsel . '
tr	NNS	She 'd found fascinating gems filled with flower lore from centuries past .
tr	NNS	Dinant had restaurants and cafes aplenty , but actual grocery stores were thinly spread .
tr	NNS	When he finished speaking he noted different reactions from Armstrong and Cousins .
tr	NNS	With an excited sigh , he opened the pages and began to read .
tr	NN	After some time , I regain consciousness although I do not wake in the park .
tr	NN	I should have gotten you a rattle and a pacifier , too . "
tr	NNS	Ned threw back the covers .
tr	NN	Little sister , anyone alive 's got a collection of those things .
tr	NNS	" Are you telling me you don 't like surprises ? "
tr	NNS	Both these girls lost their families to the plague .
tr	NN	" At any rate , you 've got a new rival for valedictorian for this class , Cindy .
tr	NN	" This might or might not have any relevance to my sister 's disappearance , though , right ? "
tr	NN	Taking a deep breath , Jake cradled the battery between his palms and aimed the stripped ends toward the bloody water pooled in her wound .
tr	NNS	Homemade sandwiches and soups . "
tr	NN	She felt desire flood through her as she slid her hands into his hair .
tr	NN	" From our lab . "
tr	NNS	Bax hooked his thumbs in his gun belt .
tr	NNS	Wyatt had already studied their surroundings .
tr	NNS	This discussion might put some ghosts to rest for her . "
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , each time she brought up the subject , he treated her arguments with patronizing amusement .
tr	NNS	Until now , Case had sensed only vague emotional landscapes in Sophia .
tr	NNS	He removed a few more items from the cabinet and washed his hands before preparing the food .
tr	NNS	She filled her wineglass and sat staring into it without drinking , not noticing when I left .
tr	NN	She stood dumbstruck as those words whipped through her .
tr	NNS	Oh , and the world 's best pies .
tr	NNS	Starting tomorrow evening , I 'll be joining the patrols in place of the warrior that was injured .
tr	NN	He grabbed his notepad to start jotting down his thoughts .
tr	NNS	But if the soldiers did take it , why are you telling us different tales ? '
tr	NNS	" Get your suits off .
tr	NN	" Probably shouldn 't have inhaled half a pizza , then . "
tr	NNS	The board sets the policies and selects a director to implement them and run the day-to-day operations .
tr	NN	They 'll have their own organizational structure , their own resources , their own political power base .
tr	NNS	Can I get their numbers ? "
tr	NN	She 'd chosen a silver gown with bared shoulders , the mild winter only requiring a black satin wrap .
tr	NNS	As he guided her toward the table , Jacob offered nods and offhand greetings to people who called out and slapped him on the back .
tr	NNS	Jared barked directions at Bex , securing packs and loading weapons at the same time .
tr	NN	He threw my pillow across the room and then patted the top of his invitingly .
tr	NNS	We haven 't got one thousand dollars !
tr	NN	She was using her logic now , and irrational logic is often impossible to shake .
tr	NNS	The bachelor life had suited his career aspirations well .
tr	NNS	The driver suggested a few models and asked where he wanted to go .
tr	NN	To the west , a fence blocked the ancient highway .
tr	NN	The woman lit a stubby candle and led Astrid further down the passage .
tr	NNS	Joe took two more bites before scraping the rest of the food into the trash and placing the tray on the counter .
tr	NN	She remembered advice that a child therapist had told her .
tr	NN	She could imagine the effect much closer .
tr	NNS	But I had brains and verve and a lot of initiative .
tr	NNS	" I 'll do the dishes .
tr	NNS	His massive head rolls to the side , then lifts a few inches from the floor .
tr	NN	She stomped her boot .
tr	NN	" Which means they blow up , too : every plant and every storage facility in the country , around the world , everywhere . "
tr	NN	She pressed a pillow against the hole in his chest .
tr	NN	The stupid robot starts that ridicule formal bot greeting .
tr	NN	He wiped his beard with the back of his hand .
tr	NN	She would be back , she promised the majestic bird .
tr	NN	She continued her announcement , " Stay in your homes , lock the doors and windows , and keep watching CNN . "
tr	NN	Oakes studied each detail carefully .
tr	NN	She took the cloth to him and laid it across his brow and was struck again by his good looks .
tr	NN	I eyed the toaster .
tr	NNS	From making kids burn down their own houses ?
tr	NN	The third man 's eyes scoured the wagon for another way out and spotted the wagon 's sole window .
tr	NN	He checked his lighted wristwatch and then glanced toward the eastern sky .
tr	NNS	" Everyone , take coins and put them into their hands .
tr	NN	From behind each door came a reluctant groan but she soon heard the sounds of the twins preparing for the day ahead .
tr	NNS	I 'm practicing my private investigation skills . "
tr	NNS	While they did a good job with the songs , he preferred bands that played their own original songs .
tr	NN	Ten years , and the flame burned hotter than ever .
tr	NN	You have rope ? "
tr	NN	She had a standing weekly appointment , and she had missed the last three .
tr	NNS	Red placed the gowns on a hanger on the wall before brushing past me .
tr	NNS	Making them like her , almost guaranteed their shortcomings .
tr	NN	She could hear the caution in his voice , the effort he was making not to expect too much .
tr	NNS	The collective would lose our skills , our talents , our contributions .
tr	NN	Everywhere he looked , it dotted the otherwise white landscape .
tr	NN	I felt Aiden stiffen beside me and I shook my head .
tr	NNS	And they blow out candles , or make the fire in the grate flare up . "
tr	NNS	Cop cars were crawling the forest and mountain roads .
tr	NNS	" We 've heard your arguments .
tr	NNS	" Well , " I said delicately .
tr	NN	It didn 't do justice to what he felt right now .
tr	NNS	Maybe then they 'll elect new leaders , ones who won 't treat the people inside the experiments as expendable .
tr	NN	Hearing my brother 's voice in my head released a flood of emotion .
tr	NNS	Then eyes never leaving my face , he placed down the cards and drew out his pouch of tobacco .
tr	NN	Hallam did not fail that expectation .
tr	NNS	And with her excitement came fears .
tr	NN	" They 're offering an olive branch .
tr	NNS	We have five houses to see . "
tr	NN	She takes the rag and begins wiping down the counter .
tr	NN	Like he said eventually the majors chase the bands . '
tr	NNS	They wrote spells and brewed potions ... " " Wait , " Anita stopped me .
tr	NN	" We 've only got the fish Mr. Tully brought us earlier . "
tr	NN	As the words fell from her lips , she made a realization .
tr	NN	Just hearing his name caused her heart rate to spike .
tr	NNS	Her face broached no arguments .
tr	NN	I bite back the moan caught in my throat just before he lifts me up and carries me to the bed .
tr	NNS	" I 've questioned my drivers .
tr	NNS	She had rope burns .
tr	NN	said the Lecturer in Recent Runes , snapping his fingers , ' and I don 't care a bit !
tr	NNS	I had nightmares every night almost .
tr	NNS	Hugo directed the other heroes .
tr	NN	I didn 't know my exact location , but there was no doubt in my mind that I was back on Olympia .
tr	NNS	For some reason , he pressed his palms flat against the bed and lifted so that only their mouths connected .
tr	NN	' I bought that paint for you that you couldn 't find anywhere .
tr	NN	Jake drove his parents ' Jag to the Medical Examiner 's office .
tr	NNS	He supposedly had all these untapped powers just waiting to be carefully unleashed .
tr	NNS	All of the workers wore full biohazard suits .
tr	NN	" We have suspended all incoming and outgoing traffic until a remedy can be found and implemented .
tr	NNS	They had all sorts of biblical weather out there .
tr	NNS	A fist of panic squeezed Janelle 's insides .
tr	NN	She had experienced his execution firsthand .
tr	NNS	They had powers few humans could comprehend .
tr	NNS	A dummy that would die before she got her powers under control .
tr	NN	For my money , I 've always liked the old devil .
tr	NN	Ach , save your indignation , the both of you .
tr	NN	When he didn 't , he received the Kiss .
tr	NN	None of them had the plague , and how could anyone consider their magic unauthorized ?
tr	NN	" It must have cost you a fortune . "
tr	NNS	Ashe had giant butterflies in his stomach .
tr	NNS	That had just seriously lowered my chances .
tr	NNS	" I don 't build armies . "
tr	NN	Jane checked the clock on her dash as she parked .
tr	NNS	The other opened its wide jaws and lunged at Haven 's face .
tr	NN	I gave the babysitter the morning off so I have Daniel . "
tr	NNS	Do nice Things for her Write poetry for her .
tr	NNS	El and Isabella coaxed Fellows into coming tonight , and he didn 't want to .
tr	NNS	" The boys can take over your chores .
tr	NN	She grabbed a clean white towel from a bag near the ring and rushed to Jeremy 's side .
tr	NNS	It may take several generations , but I believe the East will soon follow .
tr	NNS	Buy and sell antiques and collectibles .
tr	NN	" We will not tolerate bullying of any kind or form .
tr	NNS	My robots controlled my actions , my words , my thoughts .
tr	NN	I grab a paper towel and run it along my hands .
tr	NN	He could probably paint a landscape of Aunt Sally 's bottom from memory . "
tr	NNS	As of right now the police force do not have any leads or evidence .
tr	NNS	" You brought hamburgers ! "
tr	NNS	I saw the marks on her arm . "
tr	NNS	I put the cans down , wiped my brow , and stared at him .
tr	NNS	I leaned my palms on the bed , sighing .
tr	NN	She straightened her spine .
tr	NN	I 'd woken up a mere handful of minutes ago , disoriented , yes , but not stupid .
tr	NNS	Then I twist your balls until you tell me where my mom is . "
tr	NN	Jane packed her briefcase while she talked .
tr	NN	Would they clean up their coarse language or would they feel safe enough to speak their minds since they might be planets away ?
tr	NNS	Pulled his covers up to his chin .
tr	NNS	Soon she was sitting across from me , our plates before us .
tr	NN	I ha ' the brains o ' a beetle ! '
tr	NN	In the next few days ... Michelle had called her friend Chelsea to let her know what had happened .
tr	NN	But Mr. Harris had made an amazing recovery from his ' neck problem , ' and happily returned to bore us to death with quadratic equations .
tr	NNS	The two women looked over the magazines and got more and more excited as they looked at everything .
tr	NN	" Who needs a password with him around ? "
tr	NN	" We might make a pirate of you yet , Mr. Greene ! "
tr	NNS	It would have complemented his feral instincts perfectly .
tr	NNS	You can have your lovers after you marry - just be very discreet .
tr	NNS	And Nicole waived her parental rights . "
tr	NNS	I bared my fangs and rushed her .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Dupont 's eyes flashed dangerously .
tr	NNS	' She gives you the creeps , or you 're worried for her ? '
tr	NN	Annoyed because as far as the wedding went , Ryan and I had the joint responsibility of dealing with the reception and the house guests .
tr	NN	I 've stocked the refrigerator and cabinets , and there 's some carryout from a local takeaway gourmet .
tr	NNS	" I have several coats hanging in there , and the linen closet with extra blankets is just this side of the laundry .
tr	NN	Didn 't the woman appreciate the extent of the high summer temperatures ?
tr	NNS	But when the pain of the iron points caused her to lift her head , the ball lurched downward a few inches .
tr	NN	I turned the mare to the road that led to Beauchamp 's modest house .
tr	NNS	Hunter slammed the breaks a little too hard in my opinion at the red light .
tr	NN	I watched his chest heave , knowing mine was doing the same , as I tried to catch my breath .
tr	NN	Just beyond the trees and dense bushes stretched out a vast valley .
tr	NN	For an undetermined length of time , the individual feels void of any power .
tr	NNS	Heather took a few crazy breaths .
tr	NNS	Being in a familiar place , doing familiar tasks , allayed her fears and tempered her frustrations .
tr	NN	Mrs. Walker halted her pacing for a moment .
tr	NN	Shaking his head slightly , Cleon gave her an amused smirk as he walked past her .
tr	NN	Small waterfalls began spitting out of the newly burned holes .
tr	NN	Looking her over , I felt an ache from how much I 'd missed her .
tr	NN	" They soak up the ale . "
tr	NNS	I leave my saddle and boots at the top of the boat ramp , where grass still grows through the soft sand .
tr	NNS	The Admiral was showing them ships -- spaceships .
tr	NNS	They could practice the abilities they might have gained through previously used wishes , all to their heart 's content .
tr	NNS	They gave him the creeps .
tr	NN	Lisa had used the term " lightning rod . "
tr	NNS	The analysis team could detect faint similarities in the builds of the ships .
tr	NN	This arouses no such loyalty in me . "
tr	NN	That extra helping of Rocky Road had just left her feeling bloated .
tr	NN	Turner gave him a condescending pat on the cheek before striding off .
tr	NNS	Make decisions with your eyes open , after you are certain you understand all the pros and cons .
tr	NN	Get the fuck away from me !
tr	NNS	" Take heed , Darren Shan - I 'm in the mood to crack a few skulls before I die ! "
tr	NNS	Both took their trays over to the far corner .
tr	NN	She and I grabbed the trunk in tandem while my brother took the top .
tr	NNS	Hopefully , finding the missing pages would not take long , though the information Carbonell provided to Hale was obscure at best .
tr	NN	He returned her gesture with a wide mouthed yawn .
tr	NNS	I ate good meals and had male role models to give me advice . "
tr	NN	Jenna was already at the closet , pulling out a uniform .
tr	NN	You know the definition of ' quiet ' right ? '
tr	NN	He replaced the cap and returned the bottle to its pouch .
tr	NNS	I had serious issues with that .
tr	NNS	You couldn 't even trust your own senses .
tr	NNS	Nature pervaded her senses .
tr	NNS	" Oh gods . "
tr	NN	My mom still had a visible limp from the car accident and probably always would , but she kept up .
tr	NNS	But this woman held all the cards .
tr	NN	" Funny , I don 't get the same impression .
tr	NN	" I can handle a pistol as well as you , maybe better . "
tr	NNS	Will got out two plates , and changed the subject .
tr	NNS	" She transferred the tapes , pressed the ' Delay ' button , and then she died on the way back . "
tr	NN	Finally , after signing declarations and producing her passport , she received a deed of agreement .
tr	NN	Along with his mother 's bowl , cup , and eating utensils he had quite a handful .
tr	NN	" Although we may both enjoy that option , too . "
tr	NN	He remembered his yell into the dark abyss of a ferocious thunder storm several hours ago .
tr	NN	Chocolate powder and water . "
tr	NN	The older man raised his cap again .
tr	NN	That won 't change your fate . "
tr	NN	The other Russian opened the boot and took Sebastian out of the car .
tr	NN	Dr. Sartori was holding the needle but made no moves as his eyes flicked back to the monitor .
tr	NNS	" Can you find out some specifics ? "
tr	NNS	" If I 'm going to stick around until you 're ready to talk , I might as well scout the good stations .
tr	NN	He opened the silverware drawer and got out knives and forks , noticing the slight tremor of his hands .
tr	NNS	She refused outright the belladonna drops that would have dilated her pupils .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths , trying to clear my head .
tr	NN	Dad flashes a surprise smirk .
tr	NN	He 's wearing a baggy green t-shirt and the same tight jeans .
tr	NNS	He paused when he was almost within striking distance and with clear strain on his face , he retracted his fangs .
tr	NN	Danni swallowed the lump forming in her throat .
tr	NNS	We can 't allow distractions . "
tr	NNS	" You don 't miss the factions ? "
tr	NN	Respectfully , he 'd greeted his elder , accepted a shot of bourbon , and declined a cigar .
tr	NN	" ... My Mother ? "
tr	NN	The realization of that fact made my heart clench with pain .
tr	NNS	They 're killing the wolves .
tr	NN	She checked the caller ID .
tr	NN	Inside the mist I immediately noticed the effect of the setting sun .
tr	NN	Claws raked his belly , tearing through skin and muscle .
tr	NNS	And that would include your seeds . "
tr	NNS	He recognized the dangers .
tr	NN	I need a favor .
tr	NNS	How many near misses could a person survive ?
tr	NNS	Closing her eyes , Lina released her sons into the atmosphere .
tr	NNS	Manny pulled out plates and cups .
tr	NN	A chill ran down my spine .
tr	NN	I feel the urge to pull my hair again but don 't want to give him the satisfaction .
tr	NNS	And Buddy had his groupies .
tr	NN	She swallowed the urge to deny his accusation .
tr	NN	I remember every single detail about that night .
tr	NN	" May I just give her a little peek ? "
tr	NN	He 'd found a drawer with something in it .
tr	NN	And don 't forget the likely possibility that you will all be slaughtered in your attempt .
tr	NNS	Doing your rituals , your experiments !
tr	NN	Spence evidently noted my discomfort with the topic .
tr	NNS	Vinny had awesome powers of duplication .
tr	NNS	Last week I spent two hundred dollars on a plain black T-shirt that probably wasn 't worth more than twenty . "
tr	NN	Her fingers tightened around the receiver at the look of raw fear on his features .
tr	NN	How can a total stranger have such an effect on me .
tr	NNS	" You know , face your fears . "
tr	NNS	I counted the ceiling tiles .
tr	NN	My arms gave him a squeeze .
tr	NNS	We wouldn 't want explicit discussions ... .
tr	NN	A dozen hugs later , I hand the last little ballerina off to her mom and take a deep breath .
tr	NN	" Your sisters are planning an anniversary celebration for your father and me .
tr	NNS	" We want our rights too .
tr	NNS	When their emotions had settled some , Becky walked Lois over to Matthew .
tr	NNS	He mucked out the cow pens and put new straw down , hoping the physical activity would relieve him of some of his restless energy .
tr	NNS	You can push the individual atoms of an object closer together ; or you can discard a certain proportion of the atoms altogether .
tr	NN	Within thirty minutes of contacting the local cellular company he 'd tracked down the owner of the flip phone , even pinpointing her address .
tr	NN	" You 've got a warrant .
tr	NNS	' How long have you been designing pyramids ? '
tr	NN	Ian , Donnie , and Ryan are off buying greasy pizza that is too expensive but sits like jewelry in a glass display case .
tr	NNS	I have two younger sisters as well and I doubt that I would allow them to be in the forest with a strange man under any circumstances .
tr	NNS	It will be like playing real life Barbie ! "
tr	NN	" Just like Heidi , I saw the Legend 's Run Werewolf . "
tr	NN	Molly twisted the material of her t-shirt with her hand .
tr	NNS	" Including human auras . "
tr	NNS	He turned down several side roads until they came to one sad house .
tr	NNS	Tell me , do you still have mud stains on your person ?
tr	NNS	" We have meetings . "
tr	NN	Both my voice and body have a jerky , disjointed quality , like a puppet being manipulated by unseen forces .
tr	NNS	By the time he 'd untangled himself , Eleanor had slapped her coins onto the counter and was heading out the front door .
tr	NN	" How did you afford new furniture ? "
tr	NNS	They will bring armies to destroy you , because you represent a threat to their power .
tr	NN	I gave his knee a squeeze of reassurance .
tr	NN	My voice held a clear plea as I addressed him .
tr	NNS	You have demonstrated hidden talents in out maneuvering your opponents , twice .
tr	NN	He even tried growing wheat on a hillside .
tr	NN	" Always the diplomat , Raz . "
tr	NN	Juliette unbuttoned her blouse to just below her breasts so that the thin material gaped open , revealing the generous swell of soft , inviting skin .
tr	NNS	He tried to save me , Pete thought blindly .
tr	NNS	One night , Kevin had a few beers that fueled the fires of vengeance within .
tr	NNS	Having become a priest , Ivan did many good deeds .
tr	NN	You see , the Revolution threw out the Church .
tr	NN	She got a pillow and a duvet from the spare room , placed the pillow gently under his head , and covered him with the duvet .
tr	NN	Bring the package and you 've got nothing to worry about . "
tr	NN	They 'd better have oxygen .
tr	NNS	They made models -- of physical reality and of a personal , or human , reality .
tr	NN	She could see the pavement of the parking lot now .
tr	NNS	I carefully pulled apart the pages , revealing nothing but page after page of smeared blue ink .
tr	NN	came an angry shout from the crowd .
tr	NNS	Andrew and Gabriel retrieve the trays of food .
tr	NNS	His eyes swept the blood-stained ranks , seeking expressions of wrath or jealousy .
tr	NN	" Why would you make my date the topic of conversation , Rory ?
tr	NNS	Charlie counted out the necessary coins and held them out .
tr	NNS	" They couldn 't find any wires or anything . "
tr	NN	Turning around , he wiped his hands off on his apron ... Oh God , how had I forgotten the apron ?
tr	NNS	I 've already given you eleven grand this month . "
tr	NN	When word of the fierce fighting around San Francisco reached the islands , the local troops took their fate into their own hands .
tr	NNS	Mr. Mercer gathered shiny steak knives out of the drawer .
tr	NNS	John didn 't understand the directions at first , but knew from experience with other games that he would learn as the game progressed .
tr	NNS	" Any requests ? "
tr	NNS	He squeezed her young , ripe nipples gently as she moaned .
tr	NN	She dropped the pistol , her fingers scrabbling for the silver blade sticking out of her neck .
tr	NNS	" Lor , honey , put your sandals on .
tr	NN	He finished his martini .
tr	NN	At last , the group reached a small isolated shack .
tr	NN	Dean saw her lips tremble and wondered at the cause .
tr	NNS	Tufted couches , mahogany paneling , and ornately carved lamps surrounded him , and his feet landed softly on a lush Oriental rug .
tr	NNS	I 'd seen Lucius only once , at a party hosted by one of the ambassador 's friends of a friend .
tr	NN	I let my eyes sweep over my villa for a final time .
tr	NNS	So in my opinion you 're also fooling the patients ; excuse me for saying it .
tr	NN	Jordan passed the heavy leaden block to Erin 's outstretched hands .
tr	NNS	The family line she descends from will grant her heightened strengths , adding to her proficiency to lead upon her eighteenth birthday . "
tr	NN	" Before you leave , I have an announcement .
tr	NN	Clarissa hesitated , then asked , " You mean to say that were I to run , you would give chase ? "
tr	NNS	We can teach them quantum physics , which will enable them to make extensive space travel as we have done in the past .
tr	NN	He offered me an appointment for the following day .
tr	NN	He opened up the closet and saw that practically everything he had was tailored specifically for him by designers .
tr	NNS	" He can use my connections against me ? "
tr	NNS	We got sandwiches at Lee 's , one of those chains you grow up thinking must be everywhere , but in reality exists only in California .
tr	NNS	With any luck , she 'd get the final few envelopes she 'd been waiting for today .
tr	NN	I shut the lid back up and Joey brought in a hand truck to wheel out the barrels .
tr	NNS	I 'd live out all the possible scenarios we 'd imagined for ourselves , all our silly " escape plans . "
tr	NN	" Maybe , " Nimrod tapped his dimple , " or maybe he 's the elf Phaedra stole from the Dragon Lord ? "
tr	NN	He turned and asked the worker about it , finding no help .
tr	NNS	In short order , we ordered our meals .
tr	NN	Speaking of which , do have any advice that might help me with that ?
tr	NNS	She bats her eyelashes as she looks up at me .
tr	NN	She patted her belly .
tr	NNS	After you have set the traps , hide yourselves in a safe place and wait . "
tr	NN	Stefan lowered his tankard of ale .
tr	NNS	" Assume positions for final phase .
tr	NN	We 'll have the element of surprise on our side .
tr	NN	I saw in his eyes a depth of love that words could not explain .
tr	NN	" Stop your crying , loser ! "
tr	NNS	He had all the powers . "
tr	NN	" Now activate the conductor mast ! "
tr	NNS	However , Leif couldn 't hear my fears .
tr	NNS	She pointed out all the access points , all the ways this plan could fail if not done correctly .
tr	NN	So far , he wasn 't having much success .
tr	NNS	He could feel his temples pulsating from a sudden rush of blood .
tr	NNS	And although she wasn 't much of a cook , she wouldn 't take three decent meals a day in return for privacy again anytime soon .
tr	NN	We have met no resistance so far , but Stanly had also stopped dispatching reports at us .
tr	NNS	They were unsung heroes even , saving the lives of innocent people by destroying the email .
tr	NN	The others , more confused than scared , took wing .
tr	NNS	You 're getting superstitious in your old age , like Nina .
tr	NNS	Kip discussed the very basics of options , always referring to the weekend training where things would be learned in detail .
tr	NNS	I take steady breaths , wondering how I 'm going to tell him the news .
tr	NNS	He must 've slipped his reins . "
tr	NNS	I was so caught up in my own thoughts , it took me a few beats to figure out that something was wrong .
tr	NNS	A woman went running past , breathless with laughter , a bald knight in hard pursuit .
tr	NN	He found the hem of her golf shirt and pulled it over her head .
tr	NNS	Torches were still burning along the walkways that led to the privy , down to the river and to some of the outbuildings .
tr	NN	Have faith that I can do this on my own . "
tr	NNS	He was deep in the bunker and six feet below the lip , about 190 yards to the front of the green .
tr	NNS	" We use those panels as sterile room panels , just like NASA needs to build space parts and pieces inside sterile compartments inside the hangars .
tr	NN	So don 't insult my intelligence with your lies . "
tr	NNS	He took our plates from before us .
tr	NN	I performed my best impression of an overly confident girlfriend , but inside I was choking .
tr	NNS	Or ... " Carlos made little quotation marks in the air with his fingers .
tr	NN	Pauling took a pillow and a blanket from a stewardess and reclined her seat .
tr	NN	She could no longer see the definition of her abdominal muscles , or the separation of the muscles in her thighs .
tr	NN	I will be heralded a hero . "
tr	NN	I 've also assigned a security detail to guard the perimeter against any new threats . "
tr	NNS	She was curled into a ball , having strong contractions .
tr	NN	Rather than reaching in for a single star this time , she grabs the entire vase off the bookshelf .
tr	NN	I have not yet had occasion to communicate in English during my lifetime , nor do I expect to enjoy the opportunity before I expire .
tr	NNS	But I have a few conditions .
tr	NN	Instead he opened his briefcase and took out his ipad .
tr	NN	I threw his pen back .
tr	NN	" Why did you return the package I sent you ? "
tr	NNS	The soft pad of Blake 's thumb traced up her thighs after her pants were on the floor .
tr	NNS	However , if you fail to deliver the winning team to me by noon , you will suffer unimaginable torment for the rest of eternity .
tr	NN	The band reached a piercing crescendo of trumpets before finishing so the final remarks could commence .
tr	NN	" Have some faith , Miranda .
tr	NN	" Give me the pulse rifle ! "
tr	NNS	Initially the Assassins ' Chamber consisted both male and female members .
tr	NN	" I 'll leave the cookie jar at the church . "
tr	NNS	Either of those fates had eventual fixes .
tr	NNS	To plead her case for entry into Caldera , Mira must abandon her companions , albeit temporarily , and follow Stryker into the heart of the city .
tr	NNS	" Right , " Jim nodded , " He 's also cupping his balls .
tr	NN	I cannot accept a refusal .
tr	NNS	He didn 't know these new gods , but he didn 't think he liked them .
tr	NN	With each step she took the knot of tension twisted tighter in her belly .
tr	NNS	But I can catch the vibes .
tr	NNS	Maybe if they were on the streets he could clear the cobwebs and return his mind to the task of keeping this female safe .
tr	NN	She gave him the duffel and the computer case and rushed across the room to where her carry-on stood open .
tr	NN	So Jasper poured his hunger and need into the kiss .
tr	NN	I couldn 't even buy a pizza in Italy . "
tr	NNS	But Zoe couldn 't keep holding Finn .
tr	NNS	Sure she 'd regained her powers and abilities since the Netherworld , but it was her human side that she struggled with most .
tr	NN	Just tell me the abbreviated version of the story for now .
tr	NN	Up ahead , I catch a glimpse of my father 's shirt , drenched and muddy , as he races through the woods .
tr	NN	Then he grasped the hem of her shirt and lifted it slowly .
tr	NNS	" You want fucked , sweet Blair ?
tr	NNS	Chris took the pages and thumbed to the end .
tr	NNS	I feel it in my bones , a coldness taking over and seeping into my veins like ice water .
tr	NNS	He would have looked ridiculous wearing slacks and a tie at the ball field .
tr	NN	In its silvery light , Alexia could make out a gleam of anticipation in the preceptor 's normal y emotionless eyes .
tr	NN	Peter waited unmoving , mouth slightly open .
tr	NN	" She had a lot more faith in human nature than I do .
tr	NNS	Would she see the stripes on his arm or would he have to tell her ?
tr	NNS	Since everyone was learning new parts , Spencer hadn 't even missed any rehearsals .
tr	NNS	The workers within Building 6 however had no complaints .
tr	NNS	" I called your offices twice and talked to Horst , asking him to bring these issues to your attention . "
tr	NN	she asked a smiling Miranda .
tr	NNS	The blood had dried but boy , did she have some talons on her !
tr	NN	She heard the soft pat of socks on stairs .
tr	NN	" Am , but not have sex , only massage . "
tr	NN	Picking up her glass , she swirled the red liquid in the glass as she 'd seen wine connoisseurs do on television .
tr	NNS	They then took the items to an abandoned shack about a quarter of a mile away that Jed had picked out .
tr	NNS	" -- Herd us through the gate of the Necropolis like cattle to the slaughter ? "
tr	NN	Berries of many varieties colored the underbrush of the forest .
tr	NNS	I didn 't have any plates or bowls .
tr	NNS	There are booming noises coming from their vicinity .
tr	NNS	" Hey there love birds . "
tr	NN	But we shall sacrifice a bull to him tonight .
tr	NNS	They bound her Druid powers and those she had gathered , making it almost impossible for her to return to her former self .
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths and smiled .
tr	NNS	" We just love our boy bands out here . "
tr	NNS	" You 'll lose more Reboots fighting a war against the humans .
tr	NNS	They 're only spiked Jell-O shots .
tr	NNS	Nick lifted the night-vision goggles off his face and onto the top of his head and stared at the dot again -- it was unmoving .
tr	NNS	We gave them hides , and they gave us guns and knives .
tr	NNS	Lane handed back the photographs and said , " He must have had a partner . "
tr	NN	When she reached the kitchen , she snatched the receiver from the wall and jabbed the power button .
tr	NN	He couldn 't get the bleeding to stop .
tr	NN	I could feel his arousal through the thin fabric of my nightgown , which was now bunched around my hips .
tr	NNS	He felt dizzy and prayed he wasn 't coming down with a summer cold .
tr	NNS	Most of the time , Mistborn simply used short bursts .
tr	NN	I would wear heavy eyeliner and dark red lipstick .
tr	NNS	In the distance , Elena heard a scream filled with such pain , such agony , it raised the short hairs along her nape .
tr	NNS	I can 't stand generic apologies , or words that mean nothing .
tr	NN	" Most security systems have a small battery installed as a backup .
tr	NNS	Luis could see drops of water dripping from the tip of his nose .
tr	NN	He could hear her weeping .
tr	NN	Neither one of them offers a reasonable likelihood of undisturbed occupation for the full duration of the operation . "
tr	NNS	He set his actions to the music of his voice .
tr	NNS	I chose the mushrooms .
tr	NN	The rogue thought slammed his libido like a submerged iceberg , stilling his movements , sinking his desire .
tr	NN	Perhaps getting married would secure her inheritance .
tr	NN	He made a soothing gesture with his hand .
tr	NNS	He knocked two coins off the price if I gave him the Jeep for a week . "
tr	NN	But I couldn 't take possession of him .
tr	NNS	Just as Nik tapped his shoulder and pointed , Ice also spied the telltale tread marks of a snowmobile which led ashore and between two homes .
tr	NNS	" I picked up some steaks this morning , and corn on the cob .
tr	NNS	" Being dead should have some benefits . "
tr	NN	" You sore try my patience , warrior .
tr	NNS	Amber and Helen hadn 't finished the necklaces or even truly started work on them outside of their concept .
tr	NN	" And we 'd better have a third option , in case .
tr	NN	The running man 's sole hit the third stair , and the explosion rocked the house .
tr	NNS	You have a fierceness the likes of which I 've never seen before .
tr	NNS	They walked down the empty corridors .
tr	NNS	Shane Adams is doing wonders for you . "
tr	NNS	" And where would we have gotten the funds for that ? "
tr	NN	" I got your email when I got back in to Detroit .
tr	NNS	From the first time he 'd proposed this blackmailed month to this very moment , Rico had laid down his expectations .
tr	NN	No one could describe the sensation ; it brought prickles to the hairs on my back and tears welling to my eyes .
tr	NNS	If he hadn 't lost the whole thing , he would have cost his sponsors untold billions of wasted development financing .
tr	NN	The instinctive aping has its sorry fallout too .
tr	NN	" This figure rises a monument to liberty !
tr	NN	He grabbed the nearest lifeline and lifted his foot , attempting to step onto Teleport 's deck .
tr	NNS	Leggings , my thickest jeans , a tank top , flannel shirt , sweater and two pairs of thick socks .
tr	NNS	" Have your balls shrivelled up so quickly , darling ? "
tr	NN	As horrific as it was , it had allowed me a glimpse into the recesses of my mind , into my memories of Caden .
tr	NNS	" After witnessing the downfall of his master , he has taken no apprentices .
tr	NNS	He 'd arranged taxis , sure , but nothing personal -- ever .
tr	NNS	The children impersonated rock bands throughout the years , starting with the boys performing songs from The Four Tops .
tr	NNS	The heady scent of apple and cinnamon fills my senses and I am instantly at ease .
tr	NN	I gave a lopsided shrug .
tr	NNS	Cognitive mathematics , my dear , cognitive mathematics . "
tr	NNS	2 Richard lived a few blocks from my house -- who would have thought ?
tr	NNS	You all have the strangest powers I have ever seen .
tr	NNS	Instead he cupped both her breasts and lightly teased them .
tr	NN	Time to enjoy their reunion in private .
tr	NNS	He changed directions and strode back around the bed .
tr	NN	" Everyone understands Father 's agenda . "
tr	NNS	She melted his insides .
tr	NN	And even in the midst of this perilous mission I found some humor .
tr	NNS	He 'd ignored the drugs .
tr	NN	One of the zombies ripped her helm off and tossed it aside before going back in for another attack .
tr	NN	This dress exuded quality .
tr	NNS	He put the sandwiches and a bottle of tea into the bag , closed the top and fixed it over his shoulders with a leather strap .
tr	NNS	" Ever since Mab 's death , everyone in the underworld 's been thumbing their noses at me .
tr	NN	He jacked up his talent a little .
tr	NNS	His final breath caused bubbles to form on the bloody floor .
tr	NN	Brock put a meter long rocket in my hands and pointed to a box of them behind him .
tr	NNS	" Then I take my chances with the mutant . "
tr	NN	Natalie 's dad knows the owner of the hotel we stayed in so we all got a free room which is just as well . "
tr	NNS	I still felt dizzy .
tr	NN	Do you have a vivid imagination !
tr	NN	So do me a favor and stop playing the martyr . "
tr	NN	I removed the cap from the bottle , and shook several pills out into my hand .
tr	NNS	He steals our sons , sending them into battle against a savage enemy .
tr	NNS	We can get small donations from the community , but we 're missing the whole operating budget for the rest of the year .
tr	NNS	James waved off my objections .
tr	NNS	" So you raised Tess . "
tr	NNS	I don 't have numbers .
tr	NN	Seizing the opportunity , he pulled out a loaded pistol from his belt that he 'd been saving .
tr	NN	I went down the staircase , having to hop down two or three steps at a time , because most of the stairs had fallen down .
tr	NN	" You have a code they can break in twelve to fifteen hours ? "
tr	NNS	She 'd scooped up its magical waters in an empty , dented Aquafina bottle and raised it over her heart in offering .
tr	NNS	Dan had some contacts in Hong Kong who finally got us in touch with the right people .
tr	NNS	He could have just grabbed my reins and moved Zephyr and I forward but no .
tr	NN	He took the towel from Taro , slipped off his bathrobe and began towelling down his sweat glistening body .
tr	NN	He lifted his stolen Rook pistol .
tr	NN	The creature 's eyes spit red fury as it tugged her closer ; its grip on her hand was painful .
tr	NN	I tapped my nail on the mug , in sync with the silent rain dripping outside the window .
tr	NN	I just read a survey that women in New York are most turned on by the scent of coffee .
tr	NN	Liz got the impression that he missed her , too .
tr	NNS	In exchange , I paid them each twelve thousand , five hundred dollars and purchased life insurance policies for them . "
tr	NN	The ambulance men bent down and with gentle , careful movements peeled back the patchwork quilt .
tr	NNS	" You and the Sisters of Doom ? "
tr	NN	I 've got a dignified reputation to uphold you know . "
tr	NN	He has your briefcase .
tr	NN	Would he obey and wear a more casual outfit like they counseled ?
tr	NNS	His glare shoots fire balls at me .
tr	NN	They had an appointment to get Summer 's picture made the week she disappeared . "
tr	NN	Maggie noticed a slight tic in his lip as he spoke .
tr	NN	Pierce instantly perceived the military manner of the man in both his bearing and his attire .
tr	NN	Hayden picks up a strand of my hair and gently pushes it back over my shoulder .
tr	NN	I will follow your discretion . "
tr	NN	" Oh , my dear , I certainly wish you success .
tr	NN	He would know every strand intimately .
tr	NN	Closer to the path , furrows and imprints marked the soil .
tr	NNS	She didn 't varnish the issues , stating them as plainly as possible .
tr	NN	The head of any large scientific laboratory performed a political function .
tr	NN	" But doesn 't the insurance company review the horse 's show record when they determine its value ? "
tr	NNS	" How many snakes were there ? "
tr	NNS	I got some great shots .
tr	NN	She turned the clasp on her purse , locking it .
tr	NN	Cautiously , we approach the anomaly .
tr	NNS	A dome of twinkling stars filled the heavens .
tr	NNS	" Like smaller versions of the big show . "
tr	NN	For the first time in his life , he felt a savage , untamed joy like no other .
tr	NNS	Without realizing it , he echoed my father 's sentiments .
tr	NNS	He pulled the goggles over his head and settled them in place .
tr	NN	Would stop the speculation about Mackenzie and him .
tr	NNS	That one costs sixty-six job points per month .
tr	NNS	Billy 's strong arms grasped both wheels and immediately pulled the front tires up into a wheelie .
tr	NN	I found the waiter 's devotion to my order fascinating and utterly inconsistent with the usual treatment I would receive from him .
tr	NN	Moments passed and the dying man gave up resistance as he faded away .
tr	NNS	Perhaps she should cut her losses and save herself more pain .
tr	NN	His fingers once again began that steady caressing through the silk of her skirt .
tr	NNS	They had ample supplies to get there at the tremendous speeds they would be travelling .
tr	NN	I want another painting , but I want to help paint it . "
tr	NN	She purchased a toy for him .
tr	NN	It has gotten so much publicity !
tr	NNS	The three raised their cups and toasted to a fine night , and to the promise of another tomorrow .
tr	NN	I stopped the recording and stood up suddenly .
tr	NN	I don 't have any obligation to give her my attention .
tr	NNS	I didn 't want complications , yet I wanted her near me .
tr	NN	Thinking of him with his arms around anyone else only feeds the deep ache in my chest .
tr	NN	He started the jeep and headed toward home .
tr	NNS	After much grumbling and complaining , the boys finally take their positions .
tr	NNS	She quickly threw off her covers and picked up a pile of dirty clothes .
tr	NNS	Our setup could receive selected data from the computer , but nothing went back in .
tr	NNS	But I shut the malicious murmurs out of my mind and kept heading toward the main office building , which was made out of lovely gray bricks .
tr	NN	When she got there , she let out her war yell !
tr	NNS	" Oh , we love dogs .
tr	NNS	Carpathian children weren 't considered adults until they hit their fiftieth year .
tr	NNS	I dragged the mattress out of the way and , without touching it , I examined the bars with a meticulous eye .
tr	NNS	It 'll keep the dogs away from him . '
tr	NNS	" Don 't take any chances , and run at the first sign of trouble . "
tr	NNS	I had visions of her pregnant .
tr	NNS	I made arrangements to fly back to Philadelphia on Christmas Eve .
tr	NNS	He turned and followed Bryson 's directions .
tr	NNS	She could see them up there , robots with mounted cameras , controlled from a remote location , buzzing around like giant insects .
tr	NN	Both of them gave the impression that they were utterly unperturbed and greeted their fellow diners with the sweetest of smiles .
tr	NN	Over the past weeks , he 'd showed great patience with my questions .
tr	NN	While we 're at it maybe we can add a villa to this ... closet ... .
tr	NNS	In the early 1990s he produced many photographs of the ships .
tr	NNS	" They have no blood ties to Amelie or to Bishop , so they would be safe enough if we could get them on their way .
tr	NN	The captain let out a loud snort at this last .
tr	NNS	I can understand your suspicions .
tr	NNS	Even after all these centuries , she still underestimated his abilities .
tr	NN	Hundreds of infected swarmed the old factory , and the big guy almost devoured his grandson .
tr	NN	I introduced Os ' mar to the others as they gathered around him welcoming him to our troop .
tr	NNS	He 'd need the condoms he always carried in it , later .
tr	NN	Shane dropped the senator to the ground .
tr	NN	Share the joy , share the sorrow , share the nightmares . "
tr	NNS	Then she put her palms down on the dirt like a sprinter in the blocks and took off forward .
tr	NNS	As Crown Prince , you should have given up such fanciful notions .
tr	NN	She gulped and licked her ice cream in what she hoped was a suggestive gesture but not a desperate one .
tr	NN	As Nick led everyone to his firing range , Jimmy told everyone the extent of Nick 's power over everyone .
tr	NN	Eduard outweighed the goblin by a good fifty pounds and would have won the contest easily had the goblin not flung his forehead into Eduard 's nose .
tr	NNS	She made a few further attempts at conversation , but Luke remained stubbornly silent .
tr	NN	" Learned my lesson .
tr	NN	I-I didn 't bring any gifts , " she said self-consciously .
tr	NNS	Jack and Roy put their coats on right away .
tr	NN	Dan offered up a silent prayer , that he be spared from the coming storm .
tr	NN	The old woman in black at the door held the largest , most exhilarating bouquet of deep red roses that Sally had ever seen .
tr	NNS	He had spent centuries locked inside the prison Tartarus , both for his philandering ways and his savage temper .
tr	NN	I had delicious , sexy , confident Brodie who said he had my back until the end and loved making out with me .
tr	NNS	He should have already issued his complaints that you left him nothing to examine . "
tr	NN	That was simply amazing , a downright divine comedy .
tr	NN	" Well , that too , given my penchant for being attacked .
tr	NN	They are headed up a hill , dodging trees , trying their best to stay on course .
tr	NNS	she told the other shadowy forms with what strength she could .
tr	NN	Snowball let out a low growl and her muscles tensed .
tr	NN	We now had a new Emperor , his uncle Claudius .
tr	NN	' Yeah , I 've got an assault rifle tucked down there . '
tr	NNS	Helen Rodin walked thirty yards and stood on the street for a moment outside James Barr 's house .
tr	NNS	Wealthy , upper-class young men were running their neighborhood pool halls like Las Vegas casinos .
tr	NNS	I turn my jacket pockets inside out , dumping the remaining bits of Faerie Realm dirt .
tr	NN	Maxwell rose off the rug a few inches .
tr	NNS	Replacing the glass would cost a couple hundred dollars that I didn 't have .
tr	NN	I too smelled its bouquet .
tr	NNS	" Every farm should have cats .
tr	NNS	She saw the dirty dishes and a pang of guilt shot through her .
tr	NNS	Nina had some issues about stereotypes that Seth wasn 't even going to touch , not with a ten foot pole .
tr	NN	Winston began the descent cautiously , tapping his brakes so as not to build up too much velocity .
tr	NNS	Specifically cancer research facilities ... from Switzerland to China to Morocco . "
tr	NNS	I 'm getting dizzy . "
tr	NNS	I 'll be handling large sums of money and I have to know that I can trust this person . "
tr	NNS	You have your vacuum suits on , use them .
tr	NNS	When he pressed against her , she could feel his hardness through her jeans .
tr	NN	" Too much dueling gives a pack a reputation .
tr	NN	Nikolai wanted retribution , but Murdoch suspected he also simply wanted her .
tr	NN	" You are suggesting a rogue element has taken control of the world 's nuclear arsenal . "
tr	NNS	When they returned , they would hear the closing arguments , and by lunchtime they would have the case .
tr	NN	When they reached the crowded driveway Jake saw the parking attendant .
tr	NN	Even with the steady decline in real estate value , apartments in the building where Colton lived still cost a small fortune to rent .
tr	NN	Okay , that explained the glimpse I 'd caught on the way over .
tr	NN	I prefer my cheesecake to the waltz . "
tr	NNS	I clench my thighs around Titan 's bare , broad back .
tr	NNS	The guy has big bucks .
tr	NNS	Love must indeed have magical powers .
tr	NN	At the helm , he switched off the autopilot .
tr	NNS	The local people carried on about their daily chores , too busy to be much concerned with the comings and goings of a single stranger .
tr	NNS	I bared my fangs and hissed .
tr	NNS	I didn 't trust the snakes to leave him be for me without me there to remind them .
tr	NNS	To date , he has written six novels , four novellas , and fifty odd short stories .
tr	NNS	Again Lisa looked away , then picked up her wineglass and drank the last two swallows .
tr	NN	Taking out a new , minor-league hero .
tr	NN	She pulled each item out , smelling them , holding them to her face .
tr	NNS	A sudden breeze swirled down the cliffs , lifting the clouds of steam and cooling the stone until it was pure white and brilliant in the sun .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't take any chances .
tr	NNS	Half of them are wearing T-shirts they bought at rock concerts , and the other half are covered in leather .
tr	NN	But in my silence , Bo read a different meaning .
tr	NN	In that way , I learned another trade .
tr	NN	But then , Preston hadn 't seen the receptionist .
tr	NN	It 'll afford you some privacy and quiet .
tr	NN	Rather than use the centuries-old bathing pools , now modernized , Antonietta filled her private bathtub and tossed in scented salts .
tr	NN	Dock circled the block and we parked across the street from Butch and Sundance 's duplex .
tr	NN	Fes had a gleam in his eye .
tr	NN	The blood drinker could not resist the lure of the fresh blood leaving the third wife 's body .
tr	NN	I felt a shudder crawling up the skin of my neck , and I took off , eager to get outside .
tr	NN	Ashlyn lifted the lid and looked quizzically down inside at the velvet lining .
tr	NN	Beale laid the flute in its case .
tr	NNS	We can 't take any chances that we 're bringing an enemy into the house .
tr	NNS	But at least she could contain his efforts by going after the lesser witches under his command .
tr	NNS	The dude has some serious skills defending himself . "
tr	NN	The latter presented an appropriately reserved and respectful countenance but a impish glimmer sparkled in her eyes .
tr	NN	Curious , she opened the refrigerator .
tr	NN	So instead she just said goodnight and entered her tent .
tr	NNS	When this chore had ended , Maria made chicken salad sandwiches , and I ate one , realizing I was absolutely famished .
tr	NN	Rising from my seat , I gently kissed her temple .
tr	NNS	My dad deals the cards .
tr	NNS	They all held their breaths .
tr	NNS	I was getting supplies .
tr	NN	I 'd say fate owed me at least that much .
tr	NN	Snapped open the lid .
tr	NN	The luminous sphere nailed the fleeing crook in the back , causing him to fall to the ground with a heavy thud .
tr	NNS	" How many babies have I killed ? "
tr	NN	He grabbed the cart from me and commenced hooking it up , not looking back for an answer .
tr	NNS	When it reached the tree that Allie was behind , it would blow bits of bark off of it .
tr	NN	Exploring your sexuality . "
tr	NNS	" If you don 't relax when you eat , you can get indigestion and all sorts of ailments .
tr	NN	He immediately began the long climb out of the gorge , glad of his uncanny strength , speed , and endurance .
tr	NN	Who the hell is prompting that wing ? "
tr	NNS	People don 't kill business rivals just like that , do they ? '
tr	NN	She pointed her right toe .
tr	NN	He studies natural philosophy .
tr	NN	I put the lid on and skip down the sidewalk and then climb over the fence .
tr	NNS	He takes my hands and presses my palms to his face and I know I never knew the beauty of feeling human before this .
tr	NNS	For this job he charged half a million dollars .
tr	NN	What harm could there be in a drink ?
tr	NN	We made a pact that neither one of us can get physical with you .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the presence of the Loupe family had kept true wolves away , or perhaps wolves made themselves scarce in the summers .
tr	NN	He shifted position uncomfortably , trying to stretch his leg out to give himself more room .
tr	NNS	These guys had all the markings of government spooks , Federal agents , maybe even assassins .
tr	NNS	A foul odor assaults my senses .
tr	NNS	They had left the corridors and entered the main chamber of the Temple .
tr	NNS	She didn 't see any dishes and she felt funny going into the room to look .
tr	NNS	I had visions of being ruined forever and wandering around playgrounds looking for sexual partners .
tr	NN	That would go down a treat .
tr	NN	Lavina tugged on the bottom most branch and felt it give a little .
tr	NN	We had the coordinates . "
tr	NN	Generally she avoided an umbrella , but the rain was coming down too heavy now .
tr	NNS	" Holt , " I said breathless , a little bit of hesitation finding its way into the cloud of my desire .
tr	NNS	Transcending role expectations and crossing over genres .
tr	NN	I 'm kind of like the shiny new toy he can 't get to work just right so he keeps playing with it .
tr	NN	I threw the pillow softly back .
tr	NN	That request melted whatever resistance he had for leaving her alone with the child .
tr	NN	They had picked the plaintiff , the widow of a man named Jacob L. Wood .
tr	NNS	" Not and leave those servants to the mob .
tr	NN	I pulled a nipple into my mouth and sucked hard until she grabbed my head and cried out .
tr	NN	The guest speaker finished his speech followed by the Valedictorian , Krissy Lots .
tr	NNS	I 've had centuries of practice .
tr	NNS	I could make out three figures through the mist of cloth .
tr	NN	Once , out of a dark curiosity , he watched the film of John 's lightning move when he 'd had his jaw broken .
tr	NN	I battled the urge to rip my shirt off in the Heller 's front yard .
tr	NNS	Others already studied other subjects , but Megan could not understand what they were .
tr	NNS	He watched his companions .
tr	NN	Both men carried a pistol in a holster clipped to their belt , and a rifle secured behind the seat .
tr	NN	I threw my napkin on the table .
tr	NN	It matched his British personality .
tr	NN	He found their location through the means of a tracking device placed on their vehicle .
tr	NNS	He could hear the slight movements in her bed , knowing that she was testing her restraints .
tr	NN	Judge Norris was late taking the bench , and that was just as well because Linda and Hannah were late , too .
tr	NNS	The Impaler surveyed the surroundings and spied the weeping woman .
tr	NN	I 'll sort the bath out in the day . "
tr	NNS	You can throw spells . "
tr	NNS	Dixon led the two giants toward the museum 's main entrance .
tr	NNS	He scanned their surroundings .
tr	NN	She handed me the cloth .
tr	NNS	The fact that he knew she was in the center spoke volumes , but I nodded slowly to confirm it .
tr	NN	She let out an exaggerated huff as she looked at him .
tr	NNS	" Did she tear out her wires ? "
tr	NNS	His Vampire father had sired twins .
tr	NNS	" You must each pack several changes of clothing , sturdy footwear , and of course a toothbrush .
tr	NNS	If possible , I think my humiliation rises .
tr	NN	It was like seeing a lovely painting slashed to ribbons with a knife .
tr	NN	I should really have an apron . "
tr	NN	Owen gave him a sideways glare .
tr	NNS	She presses her palms together , almost as if she 's praying .
tr	NN	She checked the clip .
tr	NN	Gregor could not take a full swing and sever a tail because he always had another to block .
tr	NNS	You 'll never get visitation rights .
tr	NNS	Constant flashes of light illuminated their surroundings .
tr	NN	With Nate still not looking up , I took pity and replied .
tr	NNS	Then I 'd have only my daggers left from the enclave .
tr	NNS	I have three sons and one daughter . "
tr	NN	Go away , you devil witch .
tr	NN	Apparently , he 'd misjudged his sibling .
tr	NN	Hecate flipped up the hem of her skirt and pulled a dagger from the belt around her thigh .
tr	NNS	I need all the reports .
tr	NN	I despised the easy duty , the long boring days .
tr	NN	Something you met out there threw a big blast of psychic energy at you .
tr	NN	" You look more messed up than I was . "
tr	NNS	which shut their mouths at once .
tr	NNS	Muscles that hadn 't seen action in too long were stretched , my own juices giving him an easy entrance .
tr	NNS	" Father , I had buckets of faith in the trench and people still died .
tr	NNS	Now you know what your babies are thinking , folks .
tr	NNS	But when he started to reach between her legs , she squeezed her thighs together , closing him out .
tr	NNS	And you and Charlie are wasting your skills chasing ghosts !
tr	NNS	He invaded her senses as he tasted her with a reckless abandon that , although it caused her toes to curl , somehow soothed her body .
tr	NNS	She could feel the heavy breaths in his chest as he leaned into her and got his grip again .
tr	NNS	" Since you asked so nicely ... I have heat sensors and cameras hidden throughout our land so that I always know when someone trespasses . "
tr	NNS	I 've got all the tapes of our childhood .
tr	NNS	They took crouched positions with automatic weapons swiveling in all directions , scrutinizing every shadow .
tr	NNS	She 's used her breasts as pacifiers and bottles and stoppers for so long that they itch and prickle as if she 's been wallowing in nettles .
tr	NN	Wayne continued his urging , " Just block her ! "
tr	NN	I recognised the resemblance immediately .
tr	NNS	He took deep breaths and closed his eyes .
tr	NNS	That false skyline will also deceive ships in the area , which might have come to our rescue . '
tr	NN	" Loosen your braid . "
tr	NN	Bring the Orb , but leave the sword behind . "
tr	NN	" Don 't stop touching me , " he said , more a plea than an order .
tr	NN	A shiver went down her spine .
tr	NNS	Candles and books lined the shelves , along with statues of magical creatures , incense , and jars of herbs .
tr	NN	He put my lighter on the table .
tr	NN	With a heavy sigh , she picked up her hairbrush , determined on not letting the answer to that nagging question mean too much to her .
tr	NNS	" My oh my , " he said and patted his pockets then his arms and legs as if checking they were still in one piece .
tr	NNS	Mom was finishing up the breakfast dishes .
tr	NNS	Ever the dutiful servant , he quietly removed the old man 's slippers and lifted his legs further onto the mattress .
tr	NNS	I pushed off the heaviness that weighed in the air and on our chests .
tr	NNS	He was just placing plates in front of each chair and Elissa 's eyes were transfixed by his hands .
tr	NN	" You boys want some stew ? "
tr	NNS	It invested huge sums in research , supported a cautious but constant progress and put security among its priorities .
tr	NN	She felt the strong urge to glance back at the rock .
tr	NN	It never occurred to him in his mind he would take over the farm .
tr	NN	I felt my lip curl when he mentioned Rimmel .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths , my eyes glued to the Bianca written in small letters cleanly over his heart .
tr	NNS	A lot of people blew their noses , sometimes on other people .
tr	NN	" I know this fragrance . "
tr	NNS	A masseuse would do you wonders , Mr. Lyons . "
tr	NN	I heard a door slam and then a vehicle leaving at high speed .
tr	NN	A familiar , now almost comforting , chill ran up his spine .
tr	NNS	Oh , great , now I 'm making jokes .
tr	NNS	He voiced his complaints to Duncan as they worked their way back to the Keep .
tr	NNS	She made the points like a lawyer summing up a case .
tr	NNS	Although I didn 't immediately recognize the voice , I had my suspicions .
tr	NNS	Tiny cameras , attached to every Enforcer 's clothing , made recording data so much easier .
tr	NNS	I , too , could use my eyeballs .
tr	NNS	" Well we do have clients from time to time request music .
tr	NN	They approached a nightclub , and they heard the thumping bass of an extremely loud music system that pumped out Cuban salsa .
tr	NN	The abrupt cut-off makes my stomach twist with dread , a feeling that doesn 't go away when the static fades to black .
tr	NNS	Neat little blocks with colorful houses , separated occasionally by a wooden fence .
tr	NN	To enable me to bear it , God gave me a greater measure of his light .
tr	NN	Caroline couldn 't stop the flow of tears .
tr	NN	He gives me another pat on the shoulder and it 's starting to annoy me but I can 't figure out why .
tr	NN	said the oh god , running to keep up .
tr	NNS	It took me at least ten attempts to scale this wall the first time I tried .
tr	NN	A news team was setting up equipment in her office .
tr	NN	Mary Ellen watched her son dash from the house .
tr	NNS	She overpowered his objections , held her ground when he would have fought her off .
tr	NNS	He tossed his goggles onto the deck .
tr	NNS	She reappears on the opposite side and with a battle scream she swings again .
tr	NN	But so did his certainty that she was in possession of information he needed .
tr	NNS	The third arrow earned him nine points , and eight points came with the fourth .
tr	NN	A cold shiver went down his spine as he heard the low , gravelly voice inside his head .
tr	NNS	Dunk rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	He moved his water glass two inches to the left so it lined up exactly with her bottle .
tr	NNS	He writes lyrics on his phone ! "
tr	NN	And that was one of the many reasons Haley Rollins made the perfect executive assistant .
tr	NNS	Even from a distance , I could feel Thalia 's and Gina 's stares burning a hole in my back , eager for me to get moving .
tr	NNS	The nearby stable spat fiery blades across the cloister .
tr	NNS	But fate had other designs .
tr	NN	She put the bat back , removed the chain and opened the door to find him leaning against the side of the building .
tr	NNS	I pulled so many stunts in church that there was no telling where she was going with it .
tr	NN	He felt nausea , extreme chill , a shaking in the calves of his legs and in his shoulders .
tr	NNS	His nose lingered inches from hers as he moved back and forth , his eyes gazing directly into hers .
tr	NN	We got our pizza , which wasn 't nearly as good as the pizza Logan had made , and joined Maddie in the family room .
tr	NNS	Enter the appropriate numbers , pull down the lever , and the safe would open .
tr	NN	In fact , her actions had earned her that very nickname at court .
tr	NNS	" One hundred and fifty thousand dollars .
tr	NN	Let nobody open this again ; and bring the key to me . "
tr	NN	It might balance out your collection . "
tr	NNS	Henry had taken two really hard shots to the face , and was just glad they they had not broken his nose .
tr	NNS	I 'll make the arrangements . "
tr	NN	His chest felt constricted and his forehead slick with sweat , and neither had anything to do with his strike on The Dominion .
tr	NNS	And , despite the impossibility of a machine killing on its own , it gave her the creeps to think about that movie now .
tr	NN	She showed no respect to anyone with authority , but remained unfailingly polite to anyone without .
tr	NN	So my dad 's invitation didn 't create the usual urge to kill that his past ones had .
tr	NN	Chase Jordan begins a live broadcast from Georgia .
tr	NN	He lifted the lid staring at a leatherette writing pad now free of maggots and slime .
tr	NNS	" You saw my skills .
tr	NNS	Allie checked his palms , then turned his hands over and examined the backs .
tr	NN	Letting the rush of energy swell through me once more , I sent another blast arcing across the room , hitting him in the shoulder .
tr	NNS	The human 's warships were uselessly attacking empty collector ships .
tr	NN	Each laird had his own magnificent chariot and their charge would end the battle , whether it was needed or not .
tr	NNS	But I got the data I wanted .
tr	NNS	He extended the roses to me and the bottle to Jacob .
tr	NNS	She regarded both sisters .
tr	NNS	Henry pulled the plates out of the kitchen cabinet and set them on the dining room table .
tr	NNS	She could already feel the benefits .
tr	NN	He anchored her thigh over his hip and thrust skillfully inside her .
tr	NNS	She threw back the covers , exposing her bandaged half leg .
tr	NN	The commander was requesting the latest update .
tr	NNS	" You have two little cotton balls for dogs ? "
tr	NN	He placed his dagger alongside it .
tr	NN	Tomas pulled a nine millimeter out of his waistband and placed it on the table .
tr	NN	" Oh , come on , I can hardly speak the language ! "
tr	NNS	The vamps were using students to do their research for them .
tr	NN	She needed her electronic equipment to be absolutely certain the cars were free of bugs , so that would have to wait .
tr	NN	" Very well , Your Lordship . "
tr	NNS	My breathing got shallow again and I could feel my stomach start to rise .
tr	NNS	Her accusation lacked the boldness of her usual speech pattern .
tr	NN	I untied the ribbon , but Ava snatched it out of my hand .
tr	NNS	And I had my knives on me , all five of them this time .
tr	NNS	These would soon seat members , who were used to the hard wood and liked it , and spectators , who weren 't and didn 't .
tr	NNS	" We have different clients with different needs .
tr	NNS	After retrieving her camera from the table between them , she took several shots of the guys in the pool .
tr	NNS	" I have been racking my brains for the better part of a night thinking about why .
tr	NNS	Slipping a hand beneath the back of his shirt , I follow the slopes and valleys of his muscled back with my fingers .
tr	NNS	" Has anyone found Liam 's tracks ? "
tr	NNS	" I got directions from another entity , one that worked for Eve .
tr	NN	" Everyone got the version I needed them to believe , so my opponents would believe it along with them .
tr	NN	I just want this sorted . "
tr	NN	We got an inadvertent lesson about combustion over the weekend - " People groaned at the bad joke , and she nodded .
tr	NN	I didn 't even consider the possibility that the door would lock automatically behind me .
tr	NNS	The awful agencies had extirpated pastures and meadows and dried up the very springs of fertility in the earth where they had touched it .
tr	NNS	And she was doing the dishes , the only piece of normalcy that she could cling to .
tr	NNS	It cost twenty-five dollars , and Kaitlyn paid because Lydia only had credit cards .
tr	NN	He finally found a bench under the big oak in the center of the park and sat down .
tr	NN	She felt a pang of loneliness at the sound of his voice .
tr	NN	" Such action deserves a punishment . "
tr	NNS	She was still wearing those same blacks gowns , a vision of widowhood .
tr	NN	As planned , I started right off the bat asking him my questions .
tr	NN	" I don 't need any witch . "
tr	NN	" Have faith that you can succeed , and you will do just that .
tr	NN	" Just my imagination .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness for that ! "
tr	NNS	She stood mere inches from him .
tr	NN	She gave a little twirl .
tr	NN	Her touch made something leap inside me .
tr	NNS	I 'll not lightly abandon fine traveling companions such as yourselves .
tr	NNS	Now he had two other members of this strange little party , along with Antonio 's unsettling tale .
tr	NN	Alfred and a few others at NET designed the entire operation .
tr	NNS	The smell and taste of a cold beer filled his senses , and Fitch ached for a drink .
tr	NNS	' Are we resolved , gentlemen ? '
tr	NNS	Tonight , her two sisters wore their green bridesmaid gowns , his groomsmen in tuxedos .
tr	NN	" No , but I had a collection of broken stuffed animals .
tr	NN	I wipe the drool off on my sleeve and take a sip of the Slurpee and a bite of the candy straw .
tr	NNS	" I have enough ingredients to make several more . "
tr	NNS	" You have the parasites .
tr	NNS	He felt dizzy , but pushed on .
tr	NN	The silence this time had a different quality .
tr	NNS	Remember all those experts in the motion picture industry that caused Goldman to realize that NOBODY KNOWS ANYTHING in the first place ?
tr	NNS	I have those skills , and I had the money to make her mine . "
tr	NNS	" You used the ingredients he liked ? "
tr	NN	Get that slime away from her ! "
tr	NNS	I 've had enough chili dogs this week to last me a lifetime . "
tr	NNS	The man stopped a few paces away .
tr	NNS	My ears played tricks on me .
tr	NN	I will serve the angels ' justice .
tr	NN	Rhiannon gave a small snicker .
tr	NNS	Mr Scrub staggered backwards .
tr	NNS	I was wearing my blades beneath my coat . "
tr	NNS	The troops take up positions .
tr	NNS	If this is just for a few days , okay , we can handle shipping delays that long .
tr	NN	" I would never murder anybody . "
tr	NNS	It offered walks and wild birds and peace and good cooking .
tr	NN	She made an appointment with her gynecologist for the following week and bought another book on pregnancy even though she hadn 't finished the first one .
tr	NN	In the background , she caught a glimpse of Soldier Boy making a plane of his hand .
tr	NN	I press my communicator and instruct the gunners in the convoy to concentrate fire northeast .
tr	NNS	But he was forgetting the roses .
tr	NNS	So as I can see the hairs growing on your lily-white arm . "
tr	NN	In my rooms , I found my handmaiden Nia anxiously awaiting me .
tr	NNS	True he once shared her sentiments , but that was before he 'd gotten to know her .
tr	NN	I should not have sprung my proposal on you like I did .
tr	NN	We just had a disagreement . "
tr	NN	She 'd discovered that TV myth just fine on her own .
tr	NNS	" Management , so I can run hotels and restaurants . "
tr	NN	" What do you advise your Queen ? "
tr	NNS	An order released the wolves onto the grounds , into the immense preserve .
tr	NNS	He remembered the stacks of papers , scrolls , and books inside .
tr	NN	Have you faced an immortal ?
tr	NN	She twitched her pinky and envisioned a big net falling from the sky , snaring the two of them together , and preventing them from following her .
tr	NNS	Holding herself stiffly , she studied her surroundings .
tr	NN	Inside , the C-17 filled the metal cavern .
tr	NN	But I 'd really had no option .
tr	NN	Instinctively , I let the healing warmth flow from me to her , erasing the bruises from sight .
tr	NN	Once again , I could hear the swishing of the leaves and the whistling of the wind , and not another sound .
tr	NNS	We have restaurants and bars , and theaters and museums , and I 'm going to want to take you everywhere . "
tr	NN	But I also spilled my hot chocolate that he made me and scalded myself .
tr	NN	One small and simple word and yet to her it held so much meaning .
tr	NN	Martina bent over and the cute little fat furry animal let out a tiny groan as its paws grabbed for Martina 's hand .
tr	NN	A weird chill ran up my spine .
tr	NN	His brown hand still clutched the hilt of a broken sword .
tr	NN	I had fulfilled my duty .
tr	NN	I had this proof and I threatened him with it .
tr	NN	Serge picked up a handful of nuts .
tr	NN	He made a desperate gesture with both hands .
tr	NN	Heath leaned a hip against a nearby rock and scanned the horizon .
tr	NNS	He had references to show other books he 'd written while resident in Holland and Greece .
tr	NN	Jenny loved her new saddle and so did Polka .
tr	NN	The once empty room now had furniture in it , but not what I expected .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , so she got scarred and didn 't want to strip anymore .
tr	NNS	" You have some classes with Dank , and you 've spoken to him a few times , haven 't you ? "
tr	NNS	" I 'll send you directions for a place that serves amazing beers .
tr	NN	Jeremy took his signal flag and signaled to the others who responded .
tr	NN	* Tasha picked her towel up from the bench and began to dampen it with the sweat from her brow .
tr	NNS	" We all have a few ghosts cluttering up our lives , Verity .
tr	NNS	" Still eighty yards out of range .
tr	NNS	" We 're having twins . "
tr	NNS	If she should show signs of faltering , I have the addresses of certain relatives , including children .
tr	NN	The large man stroked his beard and sipped a cup of mead .
tr	NN	To have your personality completely rewritten ? "
tr	NN	Her cream coated his cock .
tr	NN	When her hand emerged , it wielded the ubiquitous black canister .
tr	NN	" Haven 't you ever heard that whole ' tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all ' saying ? "
tr	NN	Even in his human form Damien could smell the distinctive scent , sense the intelligence radiating from the animal .
tr	NNS	He recognized those ruins .
tr	NNS	" Did you enjoy your ride folks ? "
tr	NN	You 'll not get me that easy , knight . "
tr	NN	So Darrin grabbed a rusty crescent wrench while Derrick grabbed a rusty hacksaw .
tr	NNS	Napoleon had won a major battle , devastating the armies of the third coalition .
tr	NN	" Give these to Caleb , your Alpha .
tr	NNS	" I 'll pick out the vegetables .
tr	NN	He slowly got up til he was sitting on his knees .
tr	NNS	A swirling column of vapor extended yards into the sky and advanced for the stretch of dock between them and her father .
tr	NNS	She writhes in his medusa grip , resistant and vital even with this great imbalance of size , strength , sheer hardness .
tr	NN	The wind sweeps away the haze and reveals the world in all its crispness .
tr	NNS	Who owned two pairs of sexy , seven hundred dollar , blood red evening shoes ?
tr	NNS	He escorted his two Ladies to the Ladies ' parlor .
tr	NNS	After a bit she sat at the edge of the ditch were her friends were already eating dried vegetables for breakfast .
tr	NN	He gave her a fast update of his situation in Brazil .
tr	NNS	Make so many excuses for people 's bad behavior that I become spineless ?
tr	NN	" And we no longer have the element of surprise on our side . "
tr	NNS	Turning , he saw the heavy bands as they were fastened about Max 's wrists .
tr	NNS	He spotted snakes that slithered from their path and caught a flashing glimpse of a fox as it hopped from hillock to hillock and vanished .
tr	NNS	He turned the pages of the book on his hand and finally said , " It 's no good after all ... The wicked grows wicked . "
tr	NNS	" My girl has skills . "
tr	NNS	He was constantly on watch , signalling waiters to wherever service was required .
tr	NNS	It matches your pretty eyeballs . "
tr	NNS	I had not taken any breaks .
tr	NNS	That evening she received two responses .
tr	NNS	Furthermore , Cuba possessed beautiful beaches with white sand and clear , blue waters .
tr	NNS	Simple sketches filled the pages .
tr	NN	She rubbed my back comfortingly as she spoke .
tr	NNS	Obviously done with his errand , Kyle slapped his thighs , morphing straight back to his old , friendly self .
tr	NNS	That building held the city and county offices .
tr	NNS	" Everyone has skills .
tr	NNS	All three flipped off the night-vision goggles now that light was available .
tr	NNS	She immediately locked on to Nora , who was staring back , a deer in headlights .
tr	NN	" Some things don 't need a midwife . "
tr	NN	That should have earned her a scolding at minimum , but Mom merely shrugged .
tr	NNS	We had each been given apartments on the same floor of building Number Four and they were almost identical .
tr	NNS	He rinsed off the plates and put them in the dishwasher .
tr	NN	We have found our final knight ! "
tr	NNS	They usually knock over convenience stores . "
tr	NNS	They give them drugs and drink and buy them stuff .
tr	NNS	" My husband and sons ? "
tr	NNS	Someone is dropping bombs , and that means we 're already screwed .
tr	NN	Sighing , I turned the faucet full blast and splashed cold water on my face .
tr	NN	He would buy candy at the drug store and get a book from the attic to read on the back porch .
tr	NNS	He parted her thighs , pushing his hips between them .
tr	NNS	They all had identity cards .
tr	NNS	More students wandered over to them , they dropped their trays down as their chairs squeaked over the linoleum floors .
tr	NN	Her thoughts cast a pall on the bright morning .
tr	NN	I hear an exhalation , at once human and equine , and I turn my head .
tr	NNS	He then summarized the points of the peace agreement he had negotiated with the envoy .
tr	NNS	Haworth grudgingly but fairly acknowledged their exceptional abilities and admitted they 'd been an integral part of the victory .
tr	NN	" I can get the best privacy in my personal suite . "
tr	NN	He had not possessed the capacity .
tr	NN	" Change the skunk back into a kitten and you can go . "
tr	NN	He could hear the roaring of the river , which ran as cold as ice !
tr	NN	" I just detected a space-time ripple in my vicinity .
tr	NN	It brought a new realization .
tr	NN	Myself , I have a leaden feeling in my stomach as I know exactly what is coming next .
tr	NNS	They survived the earthquakes .
tr	NNS	" Any more diaries ? "
tr	NNS	She didn 't believe all those old wives tales .
tr	NNS	I wasn 't calling the shots , which I 'm sure you 've figured out by now .
tr	NN	She touched the brand on her forehead again .
tr	NN	She picked up the phone receiver and heard the tone indicating she had a message .
tr	NN	They go to the door and peer out , breath freezing on their faces .
tr	NNS	" I always have your best interests at heart ? "
tr	NNS	" How to get out of a town under siege by possessed wolves . "
tr	NN	" At least the court granted her full custody ... for now .
tr	NN	" I 'm only a farmer working the soil .
tr	NNS	He 'd inherited Barnes ' fighting skills , surely that would be enough to see off two schoolyard bullies .
tr	NN	So , with that in mind , he raised the rifle and took aim at the man .
tr	NN	She had a duty as a reporter to not just report the news , but to help others with the information on which she was reporting .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 34 Power jets washed away foaming shampoo , yet they could not clear the tortured thoughts .
tr	NN	He could stay like this forever , his c * ck throbbing , his mouth buried in her incredibly sweet , incredibly responsive sex .
tr	NN	" Like I would ever take wedding planning advice from a woman who doesn 't know the least bit about what a real marriage is . "
tr	NNS	And again , you have my apologies .
tr	NN	Never one to procrastinate , Indie grabbed a notepad and began to write her plan of action .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any sisters . "
tr	NNS	And , at the front of the room , sat two sons , two daughters , and the various offspring and in-laws who had come with them .
tr	NN	Katherine gave Taylor a shove , " You suck . "
tr	NN	I offer a slight shrug to Nina , who 's hovering .
tr	NNS	You 've got other priorities now , Diana .
tr	NN	She swung the rifle he 'd given her with a fury that surprised him .
tr	NN	" He 's got our ammo ! "
tr	NNS	" Hasn 't anyone ever explained to you the finer points of car theft ? "
tr	NNS	Elizabeth instinctively clenched her thighs to hold the wetness between them .
tr	NN	Two men held a rifle .
tr	NN	Across from her , Agent Lee was singing a tune .
tr	NN	" I didn 't take a tape measure , though . "
tr	NN	She has the same potential . "
tr	NNS	However to send a spaceship to another galaxy the theory needs some marginal yet very significant modifications of general relativity and spacetime curvature .
tr	NNS	He drained the last dregs of coffee from the mug in the microwave .
tr	NN	I need that honey .
tr	NN	" And how did you lure this supposed assassin into your bed ? "
tr	NN	what do you mean we Betsy , " Joe sounded a little testy .
tr	NN	She crafted a perfect welcome basket that sat on a blue and white plaid napkin with muffins .
tr	NNS	Clary would have expected death runes , something that spoke of Hell and darkness , but these were runes of grieving and sorrow for a world destroyed .
tr	NN	Do you need protection ?
tr	NN	How could a necklace possibly cut a magic rope that tightened every time she tried to free herself from it ?
tr	NNS	Those are coping mechanisms for the lives we lead . "
tr	NN	None of the houses had aluminum siding , which seemed strange .
tr	NNS	We may tend our crops , care for our flocks and let our children play without fear of losing any to the terror of the harpy !
tr	NNS	I could feel the freezing cold drops splashing against my skin and I screamed .
tr	NNS	A quiet buzz announced blood blades being primed .
tr	NN	His wife , pale as a wraith , held a squalling infant .
tr	NNS	They reviewed the tapes and caught them cheating . "
tr	NN	She also felt sorrow , as if she had known the poor woman personally .
tr	NN	" You know , I 've never yet seen your wildcat . "
tr	NNS	It has stores all over the world .
tr	NNS	He wandered his former lands with his spear and falcon , wondering what had happened .
tr	NNS	Rachel gave Ethan twins .
tr	NN	He was wearing a red gown with beautiful embroidery of roses .
tr	NNS	I would be getting offers and proposals to star in other movies .
tr	NNS	He had heard the shots from the ship and had prayed no one else had been injured or worse yet , killed .
tr	NN	You aren 't doing anyone justice if you prosecute the guy . "
tr	NN	I checked my peephole and opened the door .
tr	NN	The couple of clues they 'd come across so far lowered the possibility that they 'd find Dale at the end of this trek .
tr	NNS	" She got dizzy .
tr	NNS	Through opaque glass Amy could see the forms of several people seated .
tr	NN	She rubbed the soft sensitive crown and he groaned heavily .
tr	NN	Thus far , Alix had avoided a confrontation with the other woman , but she could feel one brewing .
tr	NNS	Invisible threads linked their hearts and in that moment , she knew she was going to love this child more than life itself .
tr	NNS	UPI then the AP , nothing big time -- had the local beats .
tr	NNS	No wonder the woman had issues .
tr	NN	( See the definition of Temple . )
tr	NNS	In 1917 revolutionary groups had held clandestine meetings among its trees , safe from the secret police , plotting an eventual downfall of the tsar .
tr	NNS	The final man took three cards , then frowned as he viewed what he 'd received from the dealer .
tr	NN	The nearing lights then silhouetted Stu 's lean frame .
tr	NN	I asked her lamely .
tr	NNS	" I was told centuries ago that to be the lone survivor of my people was my destiny .
tr	NN	Beth had the pistol , and her rifle .
tr	NN	Lilli and I own the Living Inn at the end of the road here .
tr	NN	" Currently , I don 't have a shortage of artists .
tr	NN	" What the fuck are you talking about ? "
tr	NN	I felt condensation forming on my face .
tr	NN	She placed the vial into something that looked vaguely like a gun , and walked towards him ; he immediately felt nervous again .
tr	NNS	" He 's got some tricks up his sleeve , and that 's for sure .
tr	NN	I rubbed the white stripe that ran down her face .
tr	NNS	At first he slid a few inches and then forced his boots into the snow to stop .
tr	NN	Ryan considered his future potential at some length .
tr	NN	Still she could almost hear the clock ticking away their time together .
tr	NN	The dominant Marsh creature controlled breeding , and the Alpha wolf instigated countless pack wars . "
tr	NNS	As I 've said , I have certain abilities . "
tr	NNS	She put the pamphlets back on the corner of his desk .
tr	NNS	" He sends his apologies . "
tr	NNS	Fire beats roses again .
tr	NN	Saw her slowly slump to the floor .
tr	NNS	Normally he ignored such goings on , but there was something about the woman that drew his eye .
tr	NN	Tanned flesh beamed health from every fiber .
tr	NNS	The sergeant wanted three dollars apiece .
tr	NN	Cam smelled her readiness faintly behind the roses and knew that if he took her , he 'd find her slick and open for him .
tr	NNS	" I brought enough dates to go with the whiskey to last until dinner .
tr	NNS	" Hopefully , " Parnell agreed fervently .
tr	NN	Obviously Gena had not contacted her criminal attorney after I had informed her of that call .
tr	NN	I wanted his intelligence and snark and sarcasm .
tr	NNS	She has supernatural powers and senses , her voice is alluring like a mermaid 's , and her beauty is a little too out of this world .
tr	NNS	" I will hear no more objections , Admiral .
tr	NNS	Seth and Luke flick their cigarettes out the window as we turn into Luke 's driveway .
tr	NNS	She dealt the cards into groups of two , three , and two .
tr	NN	They had been discussing the fate of a piece of land when Frito suddenly shouted .
tr	NN	The stage where you rise above the elements of nature and nurture starts with initially forced consciousness of innocence and faith .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances with the soreness . "
tr	NN	Didn 't she get credit for trying ?
tr	NN	She did a quick survey of the warehouse and saw only corpses .
tr	NNS	I like cats and I tried waxing once , and that hurt like a son of a gun . "
tr	NNS	She took rapid breaths as if gasping for air .
tr	NNS	After the jury counted all the points , Judge Alistair announced the two teams that had made it to the last level .
tr	NNS	" I 'll make the arrangements with the surface to pull us out in another twelve hours . "
tr	NNS	They could introduce millions of years of evolution within minutes .
tr	NNS	Dennis made angry shushing noises with his free hand .
tr	NNS	She no longer maintained any illusions about her ability to affect the outcome of events .
tr	NNS	" Yes , I do speak Chinese and also Japanese . "
tr	NNS	This man can quite literally talk the birds out of the trees .
tr	NNS	I got all four elements into it . "
tr	NNS	Auron and the band of the fox had captured many criminals in and out of the city .
tr	NNS	They already had several large facilities in three different states and enough money to advertise everywhere in the country .
tr	NNS	He ticked the items off his fingers .
tr	NNS	Luna smelled roast beef sandwiches and tried to remember when she 'd last eaten .
tr	NN	Each member of the group held a candle as they walked , performing one of the traditional airs of the holiday .
tr	NNS	He adjusted the mirrors , and then looked at me .
tr	NNS	Nodding , he wiped his damp palms on his trousers and thought of all the pond scum he could look up to .
tr	NNS	As the child 's biological father I probably have more rights to it than you do . "
tr	NNS	" The FBI has fifty-six field offices , and the DC field office is the second-largest in the country .
tr	NN	I love this farm but please don 't go into labor here ! "
tr	NN	" We should have some respect . "
tr	NNS	I threw off the covers .
tr	NNS	I felt around my pockets and found the plastic bookmark she had given me .
tr	NN	She took the second file and gave Theresa a confident smile .
tr	NN	I have never had the occasion to meet Aunt Olivia , but I 'm sure that , like Isla , she is a great beauty .
tr	NN	She quickly grabbed a towel to cover her nakedness .
tr	NN	The boys leave the pick-up in a large parking lot beside the El .
tr	NNS	She flattened her palms out with intent , straightening her arms towards him !
tr	NNS	The mixture of sand and moisture formed bits of mud around John 's feet .
tr	NNS	I 've taken classes in subjects I never thought I 'd be interested in and as far away from my major as you can imagine .
tr	NNS	Most of them had acquired several necklaces , rings , bracelets , and one received a lovely new sword .
tr	NNS	" And the way you must augment yourselves by artificial means ?
tr	NN	If what he said was true , why did Noah get the impression he meant just the opposite ?
tr	NN	Whether I 'm playing the snares or the bass drum ... I 'm playing a real instrument . "
tr	NN	" Drink the liquid first .
tr	NNS	I follow Chest in to the house and join Tim by the T.V. .
tr	NNS	She planted her palms on his tense stomach muscles , and lifted herself up , trying to find the right angle .
tr	NNS	He didn 't like most other gods , but he especial y didn 't like this one .
tr	NN	" You have a visitor , dear . "
tr	NN	She made a helpless gesture .
tr	NN	She was getting the VIP treatment by comparison .
tr	NNS	" I disabled the motion sensors that powered up the cameras , so they 're running all the time now .
tr	NNS	He has two slimy sons , Mickey the Mouth and Joey the Priest .
tr	NNS	They threw down their skates and held up what looked like a dead rat .
tr	NN	" Did it have a bell tower ? "
tr	NNS	She opened her senses to the max , cautiously tuning in to the currents of his dream energy .
tr	NN	She 'd fill up the bathtub .
tr	NNS	Told Yanni to go find three dining chairs .
tr	NN	Nolan usually takes pity on us because Finley and I can 't cook at all , but we can eat , so he always makes plenty . "
tr	NNS	We pulled out our needles and string and started to stitch the hand back on to the wrist .
tr	NNS	" Just tricks and quickness of the hand .
tr	NNS	Honor had sustained him these long centuries , not addiction , and it was the only thing he had to offer her .
tr	NNS	Something weird had happened , something inexplicable .
tr	NNS	And I wore gaudy uniforms and paraded , for they made me the Colonel in charge of the Volunteer artillery .
tr	NNS	Suddenly she felt cool drops of rain on her skin .
tr	NN	Above his head on one stele he noticed a patch of blood .
tr	NNS	It was like punching a mattress .
tr	NNS	I 'll take my chances with the trigger-happy humans . "
tr	NNS	He had watched Nick Beaumont 's ruthlessness in business for months but never had he thought to be on the receiving end .
tr	NNS	You will have weekly financial meetings with your accounting staff , and there will be multiple accountants working with you to ensure duplication . "
tr	NNS	He put down the shears and the trowel and stripped off his gloves .
tr	NN	Besides , I 'm taking the motorcycle . "
tr	NN	Mia had taken a bath , brushed her hair , and changed her clothes .
tr	NNS	Surely you would not consign your own duchess to such a fate . "
tr	NN	" Give me the lawyer 's contact info , too .
tr	NNS	The older I got , the more I hated these arguments , because I lost every one of them .
tr	NN	" You had very good advice .
tr	NN	Ryan handed the file back to Lori .
tr	NNS	Would it take a million dollars ?
tr	NN	He clearly possessed a historically important document .
tr	NNS	" Do all of you have different psychic abilities ? "
tr	NNS	Read the funny pages !
tr	NN	We spotted a chocolate lab , wandering down a quiet neighborhood street .
tr	NNS	Looking around the living room , I took slow , deep breaths while my heart kept hammering against my chest .
tr	NN	I untied the sash , then made a new bow on the center of my waist .
tr	NN	But Diego was whipping up a batch of eggs , peppers , cheese , and broken fried corn tortillas he called chilaquiles .
tr	NN	She could get a parasite .
tr	NN	" I promised you a good steak , and I intend to deliver . "
tr	NN	more than one of his captains was giving this command , though not enough soldiers were following it .
tr	NN	The beauty that surrounded them brought solace to my soul .
tr	NN	He finished his task of bandaging her palm and then sat holding her hand .
tr	NNS	" Yes , a black tie event , evening gowns and tuxedos . "
tr	NNS	Kingsley does not tolerate sick and fainting students . "
tr	NNS	Once again he scanned the bare white plains all around , praying for a light , a sign , or tracks in the snow .
tr	NNS	" It kills dragons at one hundred paces ! "
tr	NNS	We gathered vegetables from the garden .
tr	NN	His mom would get a defense attorney for him .
tr	NNS	And marriage has decided benefits you 're failing to consider . "
tr	NNS	" She can take swings if she wants , but she won 't touch Harlow .
tr	NNS	" I accept those conditions . "
tr	NNS	It had four private offices , a break room , two conference rooms , and a small gym .
tr	NNS	The border patrol had attack dogs .
tr	NNS	Who knows , they may even have had cameras in the basement .
tr	NNS	Already I could anticipate his actions .
tr	NNS	Temp discovered some mushrooms that were edible .
tr	NN	" I 've got the first big batch of polymer almost done for the fake vaccine . "
tr	NN	Doing so felt cleansing .
tr	NNS	On its face , iridescent scales .
tr	NN	" The landscape provides natural protection .
tr	NNS	" Got ta be getting these birds to the plant right now .
tr	NNS	I grip her thighs , needing to feel grounded in her after the confusing request she 'd made in the living room .
tr	NNS	" She has complaints about what you did when you were nine , that you should have known better .
tr	NNS	The world lost its brightness as he trudged through the dust .
tr	NNS	He took his chances on a Chevy pickup truck hoping it was one that was already repaired .
tr	NNS	" I never expected the burdens of leadership to come so soon and be so heavy .
tr	NNS	" You want babies ? "
tr	NNS	" If something that secret were going on , then why would the priests use those tunnels to come into the court ?
tr	NN	Cone was adjusting his beard to make sure it didn 't fall off his shoulder .
tr	NNS	" Miss Hadley , don 't you have chores to do ?
tr	NNS	You don 't refuse Black Cross assignments .
tr	NNS	" That takes some balls .
tr	NNS	At the podium , Gabe continued his remarks . "
tr	NNS	Hell , most clubs got complaints , whether they deserved them or not .
tr	NN	I rolled out my yoga mat , delighting in the wonderful scenery that nature had provided .
tr	NNS	People walk the halls , smiling , chatting , happy .
tr	NN	What if it cuts off the blood flow ? "
tr	NNS	They had no opportunities and a lot of bad luck .
tr	NNS	Put the beers in the fridge .
tr	NN	Jason , smiling warmly , returns the salute .
tr	NNS	" Thank gods , Izzy . "
tr	NNS	I felt figures shifting in the room , but no one spoke for a few seconds and I considered coming out of hiding .
tr	NNS	She had too many issues .
tr	NN	He asked the attendant to put the coffee tray on the table in front of his couch and waived him off .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths to calm my nerves .
tr	NN	Sakura felt suffocated , the water pulling her down , dragging her to her doom .
tr	NNS	" You can play with my balls anytime you want , babe ! "
tr	NNS	Ken already had investments that were performing quite well .
tr	NNS	At first she had made all sorts of hilarious mistakes , and Brick had saved her more than once .
tr	NN	Boone and Delilah watched the monitor as Katia walked down the hallway .
tr	NN	She has earned admiration of half the village .
tr	NNS	Drawing in a deep breath , I pushed my palms against my thighs and stood to my full height .
tr	NN	she answered a bit melancholy .
tr	NNS	But we all had our strengths .
tr	NN	" I speak that language , but this is something different .
tr	NNS	Joe could see houses across the lake lighting up as dusk closed in .
tr	NN	Besides , I modified the code a little before I delivered it . "
tr	NN	Rushing into the bedroom , she picked up the receiver before the answering machine switched on .
tr	NNS	Walking up the steps of the Academy , he ignored the stares of the students .
tr	NN	She watched Darling as Boyle mounted , caught the quiver along her flanks , the expression in her eyes .
tr	NN	" Give me some credit , Bianca .
tr	NN	" We don 't have any whipped cream . "
tr	NN	He lifted a heavy cluster of ivy beside his head to make a wig for her too , and he motioned her to sit close .
tr	NN	What the devil are you doing assaulting my wife ? "
tr	NNS	" Just wondering how best to organize this afternoon , and whether or not your mother likes chocolates .
tr	NNS	He wanted the first fruits of her time and energy , not what was leftover .
tr	NNS	The little boy took several deep breaths .
tr	NNS	" Girl troubles ? "
tr	NNS	The king had started her classes from the day she could walk , training her in the ways of court life and politics .
tr	NN	But it does not promise me possession of the child .
tr	NNS	Did he just say new students ?
tr	NN	Kasey and the Brothers It really was just ahead thank goodness .
tr	NNS	All of the adults had spears in hand .
tr	NN	Still , I had no proof , other than Lee Wong 's story .
tr	NN	David 's eyes darkened , his lips parting to say something , when Falcon cut in , his knuckles going white where they fought to restrain Jason .
tr	NN	His hand flared hotter , too .
tr	NN	" You 've had your tantrum .
tr	NN	She picked out the chocolate and the cell phone , arranged the pillows on her bed , and sprawled against the headboard .
tr	NN	One thought had taken precedent over all others and it was drawing him in .
tr	NNS	Gracie counted six large chandeliers hanging from the domed ceiling .
tr	NN	This suggested the possibility that the glass tank had cracked long before the cemetery put Father 's body in the crypt .
tr	NN	" On the plus side , if you pretend to enjoy it and survive , they 'll usually give you a uniform . "
tr	NNS	She rubbed her palms on her bare legs then on the skin tight one-piece .
tr	NN	I meant her manner of dress .
tr	NNS	" She got pages of hits - most in Japanese .
tr	NNS	He tapped the ceramic panels on the chest portion of one vest just to make sure they were still in working order .
tr	NNS	" If Leo did this just to be near you , he would 've quit the Day Soldiers and lived in Norfolk .
tr	NNS	The man scooped up their discarded cups and plates while the woman giggled and shifted her purse on her shoulder .
tr	NN	An unexpected grin split the dirty , angular countenance .
tr	NN	" I can give you an alphabetized index . "
tr	NNS	I have your best interests in mind .
tr	NN	Each of these babies would earn her a small fortune .
tr	NN	" I know the perfect punishment . "
tr	NN	' When can we start the funeral ? '
tr	NN	" I 'll have your rank for this ! "
tr	NN	But though spies and horsemen had all failed , the king had one last measure of security .
tr	NN	I could feel my skin grazed and scratched deeply by the stems .
tr	NN	I had an obligation to my housemate , a duty to keep Drew engaged while she went about her busy morning routine .
tr	NNS	Certainly you do not condone their actions .
tr	NNS	She pulled out the compass .
tr	NNS	I imagined the two authors signing them .
tr	NN	Shane made a gesture that was vague enough to mean anything .
tr	NNS	" Don 't the magazines all say a percentage of sex is in the woman 's head ?
tr	NNS	And I need no shields against you . "
tr	NNS	Joseph actually loves his sons , something you don 't often see in wealthy families .
tr	NN	" Show some respect . "
tr	NN	Will gave her a little smirk .
tr	NN	The moonlight made a strange sculpture of Ronan 's face , a stark portrait incompletely molded by a sculptor who had forgotten to work in compassion .
tr	NNS	The scarlet of her cheeks spoke volumes about her virginal status .
tr	NNS	He rubs his temples , probably exhausted from using his telepathy to try calming BK .
tr	NN	She 'd also seen an article about the lawsuit in the paper , but it hadn 't provided any more information than she already had .
tr	NN	I felt the blast of heat on my face , bringing tears to my eyes , and the faery disappeared into the fire .
tr	NN	Vast sapphire bows lined the bodice as well , drawing attention to the low cut neckline .
tr	NN	But the flashlight was already getting dimmer .
tr	NNS	As I push outside into the dark , I take big breaths of the cold air .
tr	NN	She gave him a mean glare .
tr	NN	Don 't pretend it 's past tense . "
tr	NN	He poured a whisky for himself , a sherry for her .
tr	NN	" The Hamiltonian affects the potential ... " contains no explanatory power whatsoever in the English language .
tr	NNS	' Do you want numbers or letters ' asked John .
tr	NNS	So have their families and friends .
tr	NNS	" The shy ... stay shallow . "
tr	NN	Nathan is doing the narrative .
tr	NNS	" I 've also given classes here .
tr	NNS	We 'd passed several booths , but none held the potions we were after .
tr	NN	Jimmy spotted a stairwell at the other end of the ship ahead of them .
tr	NN	I tugged at my jeans a little self-consciously as I looked around .
tr	NNS	Dagan 's own hands were out and ready , two threads of green wrapped around his palms , ready to lay .
tr	NN	Brick offered a pat on the back .
tr	NN	I grab my towel and wrap it around my body and turn to look at what I have done .
tr	NN	His questions find no purchase .
tr	NN	Joni poised the pen at the bottom of the list .
tr	NNS	The sea star was feeding the dragons with its blood .
tr	NN	An open plan room with a kitchenette at one end all the furniture cheap and worn ... ... everything tired .
tr	NN	Now get up before you bleed out whatever energy you have left , and go kill him , you worthless fuck . "
tr	NNS	I know my rights under the Constitution .
tr	NN	You will find a passport with your latest picture and a new identity .
tr	NNS	" You like cow pies ? "
tr	NNS	We 'll take no chances .
tr	NN	Kendall felt the blood drain into his legs .
tr	NN	When I put it into first and hit the throttle , I caught a glimpse of Sulley watching me through the station door .
tr	NNS	" Well , having a colt .45 under my bed can do wonders . "
tr	NN	Rather pathetic resistance , but some ... Maybe there is hope for you ?
tr	NN	He fed the bird a piece of corn as he spoke : " What cannot be eluded must be embraced .
tr	NNS	" We have a few more interviews and hope to make a decision by early next week , so someone will be in touch Erin .
tr	NN	His eyes trailed down the blonde 's blouse .
tr	NNS	There were missing numbers in the report sequences and no reason given .
tr	NN	I read the caption to be sure .
tr	NN	Logically , he would expect the dragon .
tr	NNS	You 'll be scrubbing out the blood stains . "
tr	NN	Hillary sat up quickly , her fingers landing on the folded towel that covered a handgun .
tr	NN	" He has no humanity . "
tr	NNS	The shopping center must contain at least three major anchor stores .
tr	NN	He 'd never liked his cousin 's uncle .
tr	NNS	Well , perhaps I 'll bring some acquaintances with me .
tr	NNS	My father has connections -- I am sure he knows someone who could put our swords to use . "
tr	NN	I definitely didn 't have defined abs or a picture-perfect body .
tr	NN	The two Kiwis returned the salute .
tr	NNS	I 'm combining ingredients that Doc told me were good for various things : fever , bee stings , snakebite , pain , swelling .
tr	NNS	She made pretty hair ties for herself and her mother .
tr	NN	I didn 't have an angel 's talent , but I believed he was telling the truth .
tr	NN	Hal cleared his throat uncomfortably once again and ran a trembling hand through his thick hair .
tr	NNS	The EOD had cameras all along the street .
tr	NN	" We were just saying hey . "
tr	NNS	With his mind , he inspects his companions .
tr	NN	She turned off the pump .
tr	NNS	They 'd give us birds to give to the subjects out back , and anything else we asked .
tr	NNS	Remove their leaders , pick up the package , take away their vehicles and their guns , and bring back every single one of your men .
tr	NN	It raised its beak up then tilted its head sideways , first to the right , then to the left .
tr	NN	I open the refrigerator .
tr	NNS	My lip ring presses against her mouth .
tr	NNS	" She put out biscuits instead of scones , but it was an event nonetheless . "
tr	NNS	Scrub floors in your theatre ... ' ' Who do I have to kill ? '
tr	NNS	He made paper airplanes .
tr	NNS	The poison would kill the deer immediately , but it might just make the deer meat poisonous as well .
tr	NN	Who says ' vile ' ?
tr	NNS	He traced the Sentinel markings on her face .
tr	NN	I love the sensation of her body against mine .
tr	NNS	A sign of affection like that would certainly raise her suspicions that something was out of the ordinary .
tr	NNS	The zoo has four gorillas , anyway . "
tr	NN	" You know the Priest ? "
tr	NN	" We can 't mention the content of our training to anyone else , remember ? "
tr	NNS	Anyone who knew him knew his tricks .
tr	NN	I 'll have a package or two you can drop off at the post office for me . "
tr	NNS	He made the poison balls of meat about the size of baseballs and that was what he was going to use to kill the dogs .
tr	NN	He must have incredible lung capacity ; he hasn 't come up for a breath since I walked in .
tr	NNS	I back up several paces .
tr	NN	He could evade the snake for a long while , but without intervention the aggressive serpent would eventually strike him .
tr	NNS	And that you invented the atoms and delivered them to the world , corrupting God 's original plan ?
tr	NNS	You can attend classes then graduation .
tr	NN	Mikhail caught her thick braid at the nape of her neck , holding her to him , his other hand probing in the silky triangle of curls .
tr	NNS	And lets the flowing waters slowly close over her .
tr	NNS	It pins Elis to the earth , its forearms and hind legs weighing down on his body .
tr	NNS	She was read her rights , handcuffed , and led out of the office .
tr	NN	Finally , Olivia had proof that her theory was correct .
tr	NNS	While she was trying , Megan heard noises and realized that the ceiling opened and the Suspicious was coming down .
tr	NNS	" Nice , " Jack sighed , " This is getting monotonous . "
tr	NNS	His heart banged his ribs .
tr	NN	Kylie recalled the advice Holiday had given her .
tr	NNS	I kneaded my temples with my fingertips , fighting off a migraine that pulsed through my head .
tr	NN	" You 'll be waiting a while Jett , mate , I hear our Avery has her eye on Theo . "
tr	NN	He held out a flute .
tr	NNS	Bad guys had noses , too .
tr	NNS	Working with him meant coffee breaks on a regular basis .
tr	NN	" That warehouse held the material that was supposed to bring us up to speed in the reconstruction effort .
tr	NNS	Cade groans and rubs his temples .
tr	NN	She was going horseback riding with Ren on his parents ' ranch .
tr	NNS	The pack concentrated their efforts on mutilating and killing the dragon in their possession .
tr	NNS	" Okay , the folks on my right will have yellow bands , the folks to the left will have green arm bands .
tr	NN	Dirk has a sum of 100 points . "
tr	NN	Along with the cuffs , they had electrified the cage .
tr	NN	Ragnar studied the dragon his champion was facing .
tr	NN	" We have a third option .
tr	NNS	I should have just done the dishes instead of playing basketball . "
tr	NN	It would make a good pillow .
tr	NN	He sensed this pup attempting to mark him was an attempt to mark an elder .
tr	NN	He wedged the blue wire into a red one and set his tools down on the table .
tr	NN	" I see potential in you .
tr	NN	But today , I 'll make an exception . "
tr	NNS	She placed her palms firmly on the ground , inhaled and exhaled loudly , and steadied her fears .
tr	NN	After an hour she dropped her pen .
tr	NNS	We have a few tricks to help people like you , but you still need to work as hard as you can .
tr	NN	And right now , she could hear muscle crunching , but still she couldn 't finish him .
tr	NN	The squirrel made a fast U-turn and streaked for another tree .
tr	NN	So I buttered my waffle and took a piece of bacon from the plate .
tr	NNS	Now it 's raining wizards . "
tr	NN	But Gabriel felt the smile drain from his lips .
tr	NN	" True , but then I would have a debt on my soul I 'm not prepared to repay . "
tr	NNS	With the one-way glass , Shane watched his clients as they approached Ally 's desk , asking to meet with us .
tr	NNS	The nuns made great surrogate moms to all of us .
tr	NN	She used the comb he supplied and started by cutting the small hairs that grew above the ears .
tr	NN	She grabbed the potato casserole made of grated potatoes , cheese and milk .
tr	NN	He 's creating a water slick behind him and when he stops in front of his father , that slick becomes a full-fledged puddle .
tr	NNS	So have many generations after him - " She stopped .
tr	NNS	Ruby made careful funeral arrangements .
tr	NN	He gave her hand a squeeze .
tr	NN	I throw my patience out the window , and bend to touch my mouth to hers .
tr	NN	" What the devil have you done ? "
tr	NN	I just don 't hear any faith , and I wonder what happened to it . "
tr	NNS	I drew two shallow breaths .
tr	NN	He finished the article silently .
tr	NN	Sheridan remembered seeing Cain enter the clearing , covered in blood ; remembered the terror that 'd gripped her until she 'd realized he wasn 't hurt .
tr	NN	Before I turned around , I heard an intake of breath .
tr	NNS	" Shuck the human trappings and take one step to the side . "
tr	NNS	" Mages have shields ? "
tr	NN	Usually I accomplished this task using skills I had learned as a nanny .
tr	NN	Who aroused the dragon from his slumber , I might ask ?
tr	NNS	Drew and I don 't have many classes together .
tr	NN	Besides , I didn 't have a prayer of falling asleep now , after talking to her .
tr	NNS	He knew their fears though he thought they were unfounded .
tr	NNS	Some people had forks of food halfway to their mouths .
tr	NN	" I don 't have any objection if you don 't . "
tr	NNS	Mum brushed crumbs off her dress and hauled Caroline and Nick up .
tr	NN	A chill slid down my spine , and I hugged my arms across my chest .
tr	NN	Give me the goddamned shovel !
tr	NN	You 're still wearing your old blue dressing gown . "
tr	NNS	Tilting the book a little , Matt could see the remains of gilt that must have once been the title , but it was worn away now .
tr	NNS	They can also practice their abilities without fear of being discovered .
tr	NN	" You know what , young lady , " she leans over trying to make eye contact , " you skipped your work duty . "
tr	NNS	He would reverse everyone 's suspicions .
tr	NNS	Painful tension seared her senses and Elizabeth gasped in surprise .
tr	NNS	I cleaned the carpets , the windows , and even the walls .
tr	NNS	I learn tricks here and there .
tr	NN	This time I didn 't need his command to tell me what to do .
tr	NN	From this he extracted a pinch of new tobacco that was sprinkled onto the original pile .
tr	NN	" You want the witch . "
tr	NNS	The two brothers took off their guitars and looked at each other : " So far so good " Lee said to Mark .
tr	NNS	We don 't really use titles .
tr	NN	Concerning his parents and siblings , we know a handful of factors , no more .
tr	NN	The door appeared no different , the knob loose and easy to force open .
tr	NN	He took the marker and , still with Mallory in his mind , signed , " Stay strong .
tr	NN	I let the compulsion washed over him .
tr	NN	But , I have no estate .
tr	NN	Edward ordered Jake onto the island and Jake had no option but to go .
tr	NN	Before turning in to sleep that night the boys made a pact to prove the existence of the Sasquatch and become rich and famous .
tr	NNS	" Maybe we should actually exchange numbers then . "
tr	NNS	Winston acknowledged their greetings with a friendly wave and his best politician 's smile .
tr	NNS	He saved several thousand dollars in his bank account .
tr	NNS	" Go get the radiation suits .
tr	NN	He owes me a favor for not turning him in to the cops , so this was no biggie . "
tr	NNS	All to the good , Doc thought , as a flake landed on her eyelash , snow would cover their tracks .
tr	NN	Like sending up a prayer to Earth Mother for the perfect man .
tr	NNS	After he was dressed she 'd fasten his points , the strings which tied his breeches and doublet together .
tr	NNS	But I have family issues often and I know privacy is always best . "
tr	NNS	I crouch down a few inches in the seat and prop my foot against the dash .
tr	NN	Find a cart and drag him out of here if you must . "
tr	NN	Then I pick up my hairbrush and smash the mirror into a thousand pieces .
tr	NNS	And they had a few cigarettes .
tr	NN	The fleet commander doesn 't run the cruiser , which is his flagship .
tr	NNS	" Of course that opens up all sorts of new possibilities .
tr	NNS	No more samples . "
tr	NNS	At some point , I heard the low hiss of the shower and then it turned off .
tr	NNS	Out of sight , John heard the wolves running parallel to them on the other side of buildings along alleys , slowly closing in .
tr	NN	I always put a smoother on anything new .
tr	NNS	Linda 's accelerated mind slowed the fragments of glass rushing her kitchen .
tr	NN	He made a gesture with his hand and his eyes fell .
tr	NN	I heard a voice command .
tr	NN	Gentlemen , secure the prisoner in the hold and the Captain can decide his fate when he returns from Port Royal . "
tr	NN	With controlled thoughts and determined power , I let loose my building tempest .
tr	NNS	He spotted the best positions for the supporting machine guns .
tr	NN	Stick wipes the whip cream from his face and arms , then he picks up the suit that lies over my chair .
tr	NNS	I honed my abilities until I turned them into the weapon they are today . "
tr	NNS	Judson , I suppose , had dropped the reins and was trying to defend herself with the rifle and shotgun , and her old-fashioned revolver .
tr	NN	I heard her gag and turned to see her throw up .
tr	NN	" Will do chief .
tr	NNS	She 'd exchanged glad greetings with Joan and her husband .
tr	NN	I got a knot in my gut , like I was still on the Kamikaze , turning a tight loop .
tr	NNS	The girl most likely to be voted Useless was questioning her ethics .
tr	NNS	Already , uniformed rescuers were making tracks to restore order , check for injured , with Cuervo and Brick leading the pack .
tr	NN	As he speaks , he plucks the fork from Peter 's hand .
tr	NNS	' Absolutely , ' said the wizards in unison .
tr	NN	He shoved another clip into his gun and flung his top half out the window .
tr	NNS	She , of all people , should not find such attentions thrilling .
tr	NNS	He scooped up plates and silverware and went back to the kitchen .
tr	NN	OK , I 'll give them a shout . "
tr	NNS	He 'd specifically chosen these two commanders , Jeffery Bainbridge and Jiao Bai , for this mission .
tr	NNS	I whispered , " Rhys . "
tr	NN	She set her briefcase on the floor and leaned forward , forcing a conversational intimacy I had no interest in sharing .
tr	NN	We owe you a very great debt .
tr	NN	I don 't want any hot chocolate now , anyway .
tr	NNS	Maybe Julian was arranging his wedding night bliss .
tr	NN	Sam had worked construction when she had known him years ago , hard physical labor that had given him a sculpted , perfect body .
tr	NN	Clare halted the rented compact behind it and turned off the engine .
tr	NN	Max felt his jaw tightening with anger as he listened to Gerry Anderson 's report .
tr	NNS	" To a man like Redding , ' attention to detail ' probably means some pretty explicit descriptions of violence . "
tr	NN	At the same time , a cold thrill ran down my spine .
tr	NN	Lucien hid a shudder at the icy pain that still lingered .
tr	NNS	Did you really hurt the families of your enemies ?
tr	NN	" What other option do you have ? "
tr	NN	He raised the baseball bat .
tr	NN	The command elicited an annoyed groan from her .
tr	NNS	Mary Magdalene had many approximate talents , as did Mae West .
tr	NNS	He gently closed the chambers and crept towards the door .
tr	NN	He 'd underestimated their opponent already , and he damn well knew better .
tr	NNS	At this point , I could offer excuses for my behavior , but at base , I would make the same choice again .
tr	NN	Maybe I could skip the vault altogether if he truly knew everyone that visited here .
tr	NNS	" Actually , could you bring two shots of tequila ?
tr	NN	Ice dropped his fork in horror .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to scratch myself raw while Zayne slipped the chain through the ring .
tr	NNS	Your parents , your grandparents , dragged my ancestors in chains to your damned forests .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances . "
tr	NNS	Every pond has floating candles and all of the water fountains are colored with lights under the water .
tr	NNS	I held both palms up in warning , backed further away , repeated on a pained whisper , " Don 't touch me . "
tr	NN	" Ross is making the presentation .
tr	NNS	Looks like old coffee cans . "
tr	NN	The demon pressed the document back into Alan 's hand .
tr	NN	The mystery man had possessed an illegal rifle with silver bullets .
tr	NNS	As they had been instructed , Jeff , Robinson , and the others took positions on the rails to keep watch .
tr	NNS	They followed Tiberius through the North Tower and then across the bridge to the main part of the Manor .
tr	NNS	" Never mind the apologies -- Just tell me everything that happened .
tr	NN	And , I 'd let Paul sweep me off my feet when I was vulnerable .
tr	NNS	He pulls his goggles off too and then nods his head .
tr	NNS	I 'll skip my classes tomorrow and come up first thing .
tr	NN	Then Rodrigo took out a butterfly .
tr	NNS	They could faintly see the other birds that we landing the troops there .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you dare question my parenting skills .
tr	NN	Take the hilt and place the Orb upon it as a pommel stone . "
tr	NNS	Wayne wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	" I only had enough explosives for one try at that .
tr	NN	" I need an escort to the fundraiser tonight .
tr	NNS	It 's about losing entire chunks of my life .
tr	NN	" Jason , Xin has a bigger claim to fame in her current life than you do in yours .
tr	NNS	He 's using your own senses against you again , you fool !
tr	NNS	Her melodic voice sounds a little breathless , as it always does when she talks about this new boyfriend .
tr	NNS	To provide welfare payments to raise the income level of every citizen to a minimum of $ 1 .
tr	NN	DC Hammond followed the gesture and crossed the corridor to the room indicated .
tr	NN	He pressed the communicator off .
tr	NN	We all have similar potential .
tr	NNS	He worked another few inches inside her .
tr	NNS	It 's about having these idealized notions about a relationship you believe in so intensely that they replace the real thing . "
tr	NNS	Carefully he unrolled the pages for her so they didn 't disintegrate .
tr	NN	" Apparently I didn 't get that memo . "
tr	NN	He pitched a handful of seeds out the window even though the birds wouldn 't feed en masse until morning .
tr	NN	Chapter Twenty-One ' Who on earth is " S " ? '
tr	NN	Then I see the full range of the tiny corner grocery store : frozen food packages and canned goods .
tr	NN	But more than that came a frightening realization .
tr	NN	She picked up a napkin and wiped the sweat from her forehead .
tr	NN	He picked up his briefcase .
tr	NNS	" But you 'd better slip the porters ' families some cash to keep them quiet . "
tr	NN	" John , buy a six-pack and watch the plane crash . "
tr	NN	The composer varies the content until the melody contains the correct combination of notes and cords .
tr	NNS	They all had their talents .
tr	NNS	Besides the horses , they had these dogs , a few barn cats and at least one goat , if she remembered correctly .
tr	NNS	When they reached the office , she accompanied Jess inside and searched the place to insure his safety .
tr	NNS	They 've been sending fewer patrols , taking less people .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths and started to calm down .
tr	NN	Stepping over the wet mail , he grabbed a towel from the rod , hitched it around his h * ps and took off after her .
tr	NNS	" Good God , now I have all my females against me ! "
tr	NNS	It could still taste bits of flesh on its tongue , remnants of the man it had killed .
tr	NN	I stifle my impulse to run and tell it all to Caleb .
tr	NN	He couldn 't even remember the bike cop sneaking up behind him -- or wherever he came from .
tr	NN	The others didn 't hold a candle to you .
tr	NNS	" Two conditions . "
tr	NNS	" And maybe you won 't pass your powers onto her .
tr	NN	Cole handed her a menu while a server delivered two ice waters .
tr	NNS	I bare my fangs and sink my teeth into his neck .
tr	NN	" But Bo - " " Shh , " he said , pressing his fingertip to my lips this time .
tr	NNS	But those aside , we have two sightings of him on the High Street on or shortly after five on Tuesday .
tr	NNS	We washed the dishes in companionable silence .
tr	NNS	As for the lines that led back to Silo One , he had certainly checked his schematics too .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't we just skip all the stores and call it a day ? "
tr	NN	But Papi forgot one important detail , and that was that we had to be living on the streets for the Bad Samaritan to get at us .
tr	NN	You deserve a treat , but all I can give you is more stories or some brown stuff to eat . "
tr	NN	" Colleen will trace the flow of energy .
tr	NN	I don 't say the other possibility : that he took the gun so he could shoot himself .
tr	NN	Cyrus resumed his pacing .
tr	NN	" Give him your lighter . "
tr	NN	The police are keeping a tight lid on the case so that they have a better chance of apprehending the murderer .
tr	NNS	He jerked the ties at my arm , which wrenched my side and brought me back to life .
tr	NNS	" We have many methods for completing the symbiotic bond . "
tr	NN	" He 's investigating the horse theft . "
tr	NNS	Using those EOD connections of yours .
tr	NN	He 'd chosen the location for the meeting in deference to his adversary , whom he knew loved books .
tr	NN	Desperate , Cassy downed the brew in one quick swallow .
tr	NNS	Mark put our dishes in the sink and followed me into the living room .
tr	NN	He would never need another souvenir in his life .
tr	NN	Rand felt his heart twist .
tr	NN	He didn 't get the impression she believed it would be that easy .
tr	NN	" And speaking of , I need one more favor .
tr	NNS	He racked up the balls for another game of eight ball .
tr	NNS	They mostly play cards .
tr	NN	A few picture frames lay facedown on the desk , where they 'd been knocked over by a hastily flung windbreaker .
tr	NNS	Instead , she whispered the lyrics to a song that she remembered from a distant time ; a time when she was much , much younger .
tr	NN	I switch off the ignition and turn to face him .
tr	NNS	He reveals the forbidden scrolls , even those from the inner sanctuary , and allows my eyes to see .
tr	NN	His masculine square chin offset the natural feminine curl of his blond hair .
tr	NNS	He was defending his actions .
tr	NN	I issued a command .
tr	NNS	I still couldn 't get over the vastness of the ship .
tr	NN	He got down a skillet , set it on the stove top .
tr	NNS	She wasn 't making her little snuffling noises .
tr	NN	' I have an exam tomorrow .
tr	NNS	Joy , a willing participant , maneuvered their positions so they faced each other .
tr	NNS	" I don 't know any numbers . "
tr	NN	Nolen snatched the winch back up and wrapped it around Gabriel 's left calf .
tr	NN	When I first got a whiff of this guy , a few of my informants had pegged this location as a possible lead .
tr	NNS	Shockey practically flees the room and Cathy shudders before turning to her computer , humiliation hovering like a pernicious cloud around her .
tr	NN	" You had cancer twice and you ... you still let me live with you this summer . "
tr	NN	It gave a baleful moan to draw attention to her communication unit but other than that she was clean .
tr	NN	If he were buying the property for business , he 'd have the owner selling to him for half the price .
tr	NNS	I 'd heard folks openly praying for him during revivals .
tr	NN	He made a dismissive gesture , as if eager to be off this particular subject .
tr	NN	A trickle of cold sweat chilled his spine as he avoided her gaze drilling through him .
tr	NNS	But being a wolf did give him powers humans did not have .
tr	NNS	Not when you have both mirrors and men . "
tr	NNS	" So you 've learned a few tricks ? "
tr	NN	Only I 'd want a pink uniform . "
tr	NNS	~ ~ ~ Setzer shuffled his cards as his eyes occasionally moved to the house .
tr	NNS	" That guy gives me the creeps . "
tr	NN	Their shields deflected the blast 's fury , but the jet sliced the catwalk in half .
tr	NNS	She looked up at him , her dark eyes like two bottomless pools on a face tanned to golden perfection .
tr	NNS	I can see the wheels turning in your head .
tr	NNS	We expect significant revenue opportunities once we complete the FDA trials .
tr	NN	I made a little shrug .
tr	NN	She gripped the railing in front of her .
tr	NNS	I have had centuries to consider what makes me happy .
tr	NNS	We took our positions on the log and studied the water .
tr	NNS	When she caught me doing that to her she threw tissue balls in my face .
tr	NNS	Why did he use such strange terms ?
tr	NN	But , Dios mio , I wouldn 't kill anybody !
tr	NN	They had been expecting the cavalry to break through .
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat and stared at the poster that gave disease prevention tips .
tr	NN	The doctor made a calming gesture .
tr	NN	He lifted the dagger to pierce her finger but stopped and looked at her .
tr	NNS	" My father has his own business interests . "
tr	NNS	He gives me the creeps , especially the way he watches us when we dance in the flower beds as if he were hypnotized or something .
tr	NN	If you want a burger . "
tr	NNS	When Darius arrived he was dangling ice skates from his left hand .
tr	NN	They left the volcano behind as quickly as they had approached it .
tr	NNS	Without a job , she attended classes and accumulated more degrees , which I guess is as good a way to keep busy as any .
tr	NNS	He sent the babes away . "
tr	NNS	Online stores , a chain of them . "
tr	NN	I saw a double fudge cake in his future for trying to be the voice of reason .
tr	NN	They used their own equipment to make observations and come to their own conclusions .
tr	NNS	Dad dangled his accomplishments in front of us like a perpetual taunt . "
tr	NNS	How many batteries do you want ?
tr	NN	" Thank goodness for small mercies .
tr	NN	She fought back a yawn .
tr	NN	Abby hasn 't calculated the coordinates yet .
tr	NN	" If I don 't follow the rules , I 'll jeopardize our inheritance .
tr	NNS	He controls the Farben research labs ; this is the first time he 's been around here in years .
tr	NNS	Long before she died , Grandma Turner had made all her own burial arrangements , so the decisions hadn 't been left to her children .
tr	NNS	You could get superstitious if you weren 't careful , in this job .
tr	NNS	Shane bared his fangs .
tr	NNS	' Never mind if she 's all right , she stole Kaspar 's condoms ! '
tr	NNS	" Thanks , but I 'll take my chances with the press . "
tr	NNS	" Forgive me , Roxanne , " Champion sounded irate .
tr	NNS	The two shuttles in Hangar Six will transfer supplies to our space platform or mother ship to complete it .
tr	NNS	While I hope she 's right , I have my doubts .
tr	NN	Had he not been exhausted , the creature might have avoided the trap , but he was far too weak to fight his pursuers any longer .
tr	NNS	They won 't try and hit the troopers .
tr	NN	He could hear the rumor .
tr	NN	Now , that thought didn 't bring so much terror to his mind .
tr	NN	Lily pulled the rope up from the outside and dropped it on the inside .
tr	NN	It gave me this urge to be at home with the people who loved me . "
tr	NN	Shortly after that , he smelled hay , and then he felt like he was being lowered into the bowels of the Earth .
tr	NNS	Ben glanced over the equations again .
tr	NN	A shiver flew down his spine .
tr	NN	The last circle showed all the continents fused into one whole .
tr	NN	She handed her the notepad .
tr	NN	Cold sweat run down her spine , looking up at the creature .
tr	NNS	She wiped the dried salt pools from the puffy bags under her eyes .
tr	NNS	" They couldn 't have even given you that many shots .
tr	NN	He set an entire block on fire to get it . "
tr	NN	Savannah followed his example .
tr	NNS	" Why did he pour oils and such in your bath ? "
tr	NN	Garrett slowly chewed a cracker .
tr	NN	She unbuttoned her blouse as Damien 's fingers slipped down after hers , smoothing over her skin .
tr	NNS	" Now tighten your thighs against my neck and hold on to my hair . "
tr	NNS	Eight bagel shops , and on the ninth , God gave Shannon a smorgasbord of hot men .
tr	NN	The one among them not armed , a capped and robed bureaucrat with a seahorse 's face , consults his scroll .
tr	NNS	Still , they 'd had a few classes together and their parents were friends .
tr	NNS	We walk a few yards forward and then the faint sound of something ahead penetrates my ears .
tr	NN	" Have a banana ! "
tr	NNS	" Snakes give me the creeps , too . "
tr	NN	As the ship 's speed bled off he had the anchor released .
tr	NNS	I had made fabulous chicken salad sandwiches with a hint of lemon , no bread crusts , and the edges rolled in crushed cashews .
tr	NNS	Out of the corner of my eye I watched the two ghosts that had appeared in the darkest corner of the room .
tr	NN	I spit a clump of dirt out of my mouth .
tr	NNS	Beth couldn 't even feel the rhythmic beats of Foal 's breathing or her heart .
tr	NNS	People could lose millions .
tr	NN	I can give you an article that explains it .
tr	NN	He threw a wrapped burger towards her .
tr	NN	At that moment I felt a grasping of my elbow and snapped my head to see .
tr	NNS	Off his side of the plane , Paul recognized the deep blue waters of Lake Tahoe as they crossed the Sierra Nevada Mountains .
tr	NN	I approached a fork .
tr	NNS	I blew out a few breaths .
tr	NNS	" Turn off your outer senses and turn on your inner eye . "
tr	NNS	He floats his thumbs over the back of my hands in an even sweeping motion .
tr	NN	You probably can 't even do the design I want . "
tr	NN	Summoning every last ounce of determination I had , I picked up my pencil and began .
tr	NN	He bore the insignia of a captain .
tr	NNS	They set their plates down in front of them .
tr	NNS	She searched her instincts for anything resembling fear , and nope , it wasn 't there .
tr	NNS	His arms , face , and neck received several scratches .
tr	NNS	Princesses can 't kill dragons ? "
tr	NN	She held her crossbow in her left hand and a Coca Cola in her right , and her hair was pulled back in a ponytail .
tr	NN	You know her resume . "
tr	NNS	He controls our armies .
tr	NN	I need a favor .
tr	NN	Without a jacket , his shirt offered minimal protection against the sub-zero temperatures of the outside world .
tr	NNS	After showing her where the other bolts were located , he pointed out the supplies and other items that were on the shelves under the counter .
tr	NN	Takumi popped the trunk of his SUV and grabbed a paper grocery bag with $ 320 in it .
tr	NN	The tree scraped the porch railing and she let out her breath again in a low sigh .
tr	NNS	" Look , " I leaned forward toward Bernstein , " I don 't pull these numbers out of my ass .
tr	NNS	The stylist made a few unnecessary adjustments to her hair as she slid her feet into a pair of Italian sandals .
tr	NNS	She 'd packed other shelves with books that were weeded from the library collection , donated , or picked up at garage sales .
tr	NN	Give her a little shove , and she 'll spill . "
tr	NNS	Take all forms of cash . "
tr	NNS	Though the spider was small , its brown and light colouring just emphasised the fierceness of its eight legs , eight eyes and tube-like mouth .
tr	NN	Kelsey bumped Spencer 's hip .
tr	NN	Before she had a chance to mention something about his absence , he removed his t-shirt and shorts , leaving him in just swim trunks .
tr	NNS	He entered numbers into a mysterious spreadsheet and rarely stopped to take a break .
tr	NNS	Some have made discoveries of their own .
tr	NN	" Do you not like this gown ? "
tr	NN	She registered every detail .
tr	NN	I hear a man 's voice shout , and soon I am released , falling back into the seat .
tr	NNS	Chapter Seven Joni ignored the texts and calls , but his video message on the second day pierced her heart .
tr	NN	We 've only got a handful of shells left .
tr	NN	" Then go light the stove . "
tr	NNS	They had top connections .
tr	NNS	Then you bring these pages with you and wait for us on the far side . "
tr	NN	When she was a child , Erica remembered , Jerry had kept candy at his station so he always had some for her when she arrived .
tr	NN	I understood the implication of that .
tr	NNS	The prickly forest shielded the trailers from some of the noise , so the planes could sneak up like this .
tr	NNS	I printed out reports for all of them , stuffed them into metered school envelopes , and then put then in the mailbox . "
tr	NNS	We never get many travelers on this line .
tr	NN	She heard the sorrow in his voice , and something that hurt even worse .
tr	NN	A tingle of anticipation tripped up her spine , then back down again , sparking lower .
tr	NNS	What if my ears were playing tricks on me ?
tr	NN	Then a red flare scraped her thigh like a red-hot blade and hit the chair beside her .
tr	NNS	Waiting several yards ahead of him was young Alex Frost with her back against a tree , its bark wide enough to cover her shape .
tr	NN	I am , perhaps , making an unwarranted assumption .
tr	NN	I could use the protection you offer your employees . "
tr	NN	" But ... why would they be coming topside ?
tr	NNS	He held two tin plates of stewed lamb and soda bread and offered her one .
tr	NN	" We may also have the element of surprise .
tr	NN	Do you have clean linen ?
tr	NNS	If this has happened ... if she is pregnant ... my God , that will mean everything changes . '
tr	NN	If I ever made a flag or a shield to represent me , it would hold that small moth with its bright hind wings .
tr	NNS	You should see the stretch marks I 've got now . "
tr	NNS	I checked my mental shields .
tr	NN	It would be like sequestering the fox from the chicken coop .
tr	NNS	" Bragging rights ? "
tr	NNS	He got full marks in Physics pop quiz and memorized all parts of a human body .
tr	NN	Another blast rumbled the hull .
tr	NN	She had the privilege of being seven to excuse the tears , and gain father 's comforting presence at night .
tr	NN	- Bond softly drew the curtain over his shoulders and across the muzzle of the Winchester .
tr	NNS	" You have super speed Savannah . "
tr	NN	" I can 't fight the hunger in your eyes when you look at me or my reaction to it .
tr	NNS	" You call centuries of entrapment on this island , of being tangled in this body , easy ? "
tr	NNS	I ran the numbers .
tr	NNS	And the service will earn each of you ten thousand dollars . '
tr	NN	When he decided to marry Mary , he had the deed done within two days .
tr	NNS	At no less than 20 feet , Julio felt the gusts of air generated by its mighty wings .
tr	NN	He gave the ear a savage twist .
tr	NN	But then , I 've had my dear uncle followed closely ever since he returned from his little trip abroad .
tr	NN	Another Warlord Prince would challenge that claim , especially if it might interfere with his own , until the Lady acknowledged it .
tr	NNS	" I need more supplies to treat his wounds .
tr	NN	He bent low and kissed the hinge of her jaw .
tr	NNS	Never one to let a meal go to waste , he buried his fangs in the man 's neck .
tr	NN	The outfit nicely complimented his near six-foot height , light blond colored hair , and brown eyes .
tr	NNS	Sitting next to me in a recycled shopping bag , I have five or six beaded necklaces .
tr	NN	If al-Qaeda or another terrorist group were to discover this technology , we 'd need a scientist like Mr. Hutchins to protect us . "
tr	NNS	She mimicked his actions and then stared at him through the wet glass of her mask .
tr	NNS	How much warmer does it get ?
tr	NN	He had made the descent as fast as he could in the darkness , coming close to falling twice .
tr	NN	She now had the wreckage of not one but two wedding ceremonies behind her .
tr	NNS	But he had to be certain , the Shadow Stone supposedly had powers beyond even his own .
tr	NNS	" But crushing the unions on Gulliver will save us millions of credits in the long run .
tr	NN	" You don 't know about the World War Two bomber parked in the car repair building ?
tr	NN	Just as I hoped , he produces a wad of cash from his pocket .
tr	NNS	Savannah found two candles .
tr	NN	He ignored her plea , pushing his face with his analytical eyes toward her .
tr	NN	We can take a picnic basket and boat over to the beach . "
tr	NNS	" Can you give me some examples ? "
tr	NN	Michaels grimaced and returned his glare to the servant , who stood staring off into nothing with his mouth hanging open .
tr	NNS	" We 'd all be bastard sons of old King Aegon if half these tales were true . "
tr	NNS	Or maybe I just didn 't try the right methods .
tr	NN	He gave my hand a reassuring squeeze .
tr	NNS	The men preferred the stools directly in front of the counter where Mrs. Fannie Mae conducted her business .
tr	NN	His tone would brook no argument , but that wasn 't unusual .
tr	NN	Richard gulped down the lump that had formed in his throat and tried to keep his composure .
tr	NNS	She pushed her black bubble frames up her angular nose and pursed her lips .
tr	NNS	" My little Princess , your song has filled everyone 's hearts with the most wonderful memories . "
tr	NNS	She 'd had vampire lovers over the years and this part always got to her , straight into her core where all the good things happened .
tr	NN	Because an idea is like a seed ; it needs good soil to grow into a nice big book .
tr	NN	After the thieving , he 'd taken her riding with him for a good hour or two -- dangerously near the cliff 's edge , of course .
tr	NNS	" We 've had about two dozen bites , and three twisted ankles .
tr	NNS	Summoning all her dignity , she thrust the pages in Matt Baker 's hand and walked around the corner to the elevator .
tr	NNS	We were making jokes and naming friends until we realized they were serious . "
tr	NN	Ice picked up his burger and took a bite as if the answer were unimportant .
tr	NNS	The only difference had been heightened senses .
tr	NN	I get the full-on treatment , bound at wrists and ankles , with a loose chain connecting the two .
tr	NNS	I could hear the birds chirping loudly in the trees .
tr	NN	I had such faith that God would save her from this illness .
tr	NNS	It 's quite a complicated subject , " he said importantly .
tr	NNS	" Twenty-five hundred dollars a piece , as I recall . "
tr	NN	He grabs a dish towel and uses it to open up the newspaper cutting .
tr	NN	" Go put that crap back .
tr	NN	Xenon glanced askance at him as he added a green leafy thing to the pot .
tr	NN	I don 't remember which rune , though . "
tr	NNS	He hummed themes from movies .
tr	NN	" Liza , I had this whole speech planned to tell you how much I love you and how I can 't wait to be your husband .
tr	NNS	Grabbing my purse and keys , I swept past Jessica who hurried behind me .
tr	NN	" Like when they leave bodies virtually with their signature on , Yorkshire Ripper style , but even then they 're hard to nail . "
tr	NN	" Always the scientist . "
tr	NNS	+ + + + + + + + + + " Oh , my God ! "
tr	NNS	She would gladly have given six months ' mortgage payments to remove her messages from his voice mail .
tr	NN	For the first time in my life , I take a swing at him .
tr	NN	The creature hit the first stair .
tr	NN	All I want to do is drag my butt to my room , take a shower , and fall into bed .
tr	NNS	He would add 7 marks to everybody .
tr	NN	Hannah checked the clock .
tr	NNS	My maternal grandparents live a few blocks away .
tr	NN	Gabby ran some hand cream over her fingers .
tr	NNS	Most females keep their persuasive talents hidden behind closed lips , displaying them only , and ever so subtly , in the company of fair game .
tr	NNS	She had not slept well , nightmares marring her dream landscape .
tr	NNS	I make logical assumptions based on my considerable knowledge and experience . "
tr	NNS	Her hands clenched his biceps .
tr	NNS	He balanced his plates and turned back toward Livia .
tr	NN	I got the impression it was mainly just to say something .
tr	NN	I huffed a little impatiently , looking around the room .
tr	NNS	At some prearranged signal , the two gunned their engines and released the brakes and tore down the street .
tr	NNS	I like ghosts and vampires . "
tr	NNS	I racked my brains and tried to think of things I could barter for baked goods , but I couldn 't come up with anything .
tr	NN	She checked the clock and looked out the window towards the main road .
tr	NN	Did they know the bargain the chancellor was striking ?
tr	NN	And what harm has it really done him , do you think ?
tr	NNS	I pulled two additional chairs beside me and asked Benj and Harold to sit on them .
tr	NN	He could feel her skin cooling and knew when she 'd fallen asleep .
tr	NNS	We have millions more .
tr	NN	And he can run resistance when we 're trying to get the kids where we need ' em .
tr	NN	She tossed Alexa 's thin file down on her desk and picked mine up again , evaluating the contents .
tr	NN	He began spelling and I tried to take down the letters , but I couldn 't see well and the pad was loose and felt slightly damp .
tr	NNS	They put up the new shelves , brought in the dressing island and the chair .
tr	NNS	It 's mostly gravity moving the drops , but with a little bit of directionality as the person moved .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to panic .
tr	NNS	All werewolves have sharper senses than humans .
tr	NN	The end of the walking stick moved up Tristan 's spine again .
tr	NNS	Since midnight , news crews from around the world had been setting up cameras and prepping vans that sported towering satellite antennas .
tr	NN	They had this simple joy and it was free .
tr	NN	" We 'll have her ready for her adventure , my Lord Emperor .
tr	NN	" I have a little girl Warden .
tr	NNS	The public school had classes as normal , but he could always hope that Blue would come over when she was done .
tr	NNS	" You do private dances ? "
tr	NNS	His face has burns , too , but not enough to disguise that he was a man .
tr	NN	Has she , all along , been secretly carrying a candle for Jase ?
tr	NNS	" You don 't have any crowns ?
tr	NN	She 's not saying it 's proof .
tr	NN	She was seeing the diner through this stranger 's eyes , and she was ashamed .
tr	NN	Because I have to tell you , I wouldn 't take advice from a boy like him .
tr	NN	cried Steve 's assistant , Suzanne .
tr	NN	" Apparently , someone had the foresight to stockpile some of the plants , drying them out like tea leaves .
tr	NNS	I dump the dishes into the bussing bin with a clatter .
tr	NNS	I wrenched open the red velvet drapes and dazzling sunshine flooded my room .
tr	NN	Dahlia opened a vault , hidden in the wall behind a picture of wild horses racing through waves .
tr	NN	His tongue stroked her hardened nipple , returned to trace the swell of her breast , once , twice .
tr	NNS	Instantly he sends the data to the emitter control and ... everything suddenly goes dark .
tr	NN	He eyes her butt as she heads off to serve other customers .
tr	NNS	I jerked open the drapes at the window and turned around .
tr	NNS	The flat had yielded a few useful items .
tr	NN	God hear the attitude on me !
tr	NNS	" I also input data from departments that need help .
tr	NNS	He took several deep breaths before he turned to face her .
tr	NN	She stroked the peacock feather in her hair .
tr	NNS	" You are not throwing fireballs at me . "
tr	NNS	Take a few breaths , then slip away , its life over before it had even begun ?
tr	NN	We hefted the trunk between us .
tr	NN	Anyway , I have a new argument .
tr	NNS	While musing on the commercial applications , I taste bits of this and that .
tr	NN	Layton reaches out and sweeps his fingertips across the back of my hand as my fingers wrap around my drink , his hard expression softening .
tr	NN	Moving with preternatural speed , he found a stretch of deserted ground high in the mountains .
tr	NNS	I can detect the wireless signals it sends , but I can 't discern what they mean .
tr	NN	Having watched Kane 's encounter with the beggar , the young man noticed the severity of Kane 's financial situation .
tr	NN	We used the technology to kill millions of other human beings .
tr	NN	She heard his intake of breath .
tr	NN	James kissed her knuckle and smiled .
tr	NNS	" Check your texts , Mitch . "
tr	NNS	Because of Elijah 's visions , yeah , but as Aden was learning , the souls shared their abilities with him .
tr	NN	" Shut the fuck up .
tr	NNS	But you should learn some other tricks of the trade . "
tr	NN	And , steadily , every day , she 'd been nearing that goal .
tr	NNS	Then she saw the drops of blood on the boy 's jacket -- injury -- yes .
tr	NNS	Activate pulse shields ! "
tr	NNS	A shift in the wind brought scents to her nose .
tr	NNS	You have done wonders , but you need to come home .
tr	NNS	They 'll make the necessary arrangements .
tr	NNS	Tatiana loved cats but her cranky German shepherd was the king of the household .
tr	NN	Harry resisted the urge to pat her hand comfortingly .
tr	NNS	" Servants were cleaning his chambers and preparing him for burial when one of them found a dead rat under his bed .
tr	NNS	Who ate all my rice balls ? "
tr	NNS	But if we 're going on that argument , then I had more orgasms .
tr	NN	" I have initiated an inquiry , yes .
tr	NNS	A few had cameras out and were documenting the excitement .
tr	NNS	Every time he sent dragons out to fight , fewer returned than were sent .
tr	NNS	" Two hundred horses , and no one else does medications ? "
tr	NN	He took off his battered baseball cap , revealing tufts of white hair over a face that had years of hard labor etched in it .
tr	NNS	He 's got contacts that I don 't .
tr	NNS	" Well now , " the clerk again scratched his whiskers , " rooms we got .
tr	NN	Oh my god . "
tr	NNS	Nick gave me directions to the local Costco and we eventually made it there .
tr	NN	He heard someone snicker and curse .
tr	NNS	She pushed chairs onto their sides , and took paintings off the walls .
tr	NN	She had an impression of a snow covered roof , but had no idea how deep that snow was .
tr	NN	Cooper treated her wonderfully and she wanted to push him away .
tr	NNS	Dear Lord , she could hardly understand the servants .
tr	NN	I sat my fork down and looked right at her .
tr	NN	He handed the slice to me and also pushed over a bowl of salad .
tr	NN	And the deeper the attachment , the more hurtful the row . "
tr	NNS	It boggled my brains and I could do little else but let my jaw hang loose , until lovely Michelle closed it up for me .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to look back when I left the room .
tr	NNS	She held her palms against his face , wanting more than anything to kiss him .
tr	NNS	" Any surprises ? "
tr	NNS	Everyone takes their necklaces out from their blouses so that they are now showing .
tr	NN	It would have only taken another encounter like their first with the soldier to blow their cover and have them executed on the spot .
tr	NNS	She had some complications when I first got here .
tr	NN	" You 'll ruin my reputation . "
tr	NN	Thank goodness you don 't have her black heart . "
tr	NN	" Run the tape . "
tr	NN	" My father has made the same observation ! "
tr	NNS	He looked braced , as if for a blow .
tr	NN	All you 've done is declared your intent .
tr	NNS	Why the hell was she taking physics anyway ?
tr	NNS	The guys meet clients at their homes , and the workers and contractors aren 't really ' visitors ' .
tr	NN	I like jewelry . "
tr	NN	You really must go up the clock tower !
tr	NN	He squeezes my hip and I instinctively jump at the tingling heat that spirals down between my legs .
tr	NNS	Baron Bartholomew of Planet Agri with no penalty receives hundred points .
tr	NNS	Out slid the skeletal remains of a human hand , wearing a woman 's wedding ring !
tr	NN	I throw another camisole into my suitcase .
tr	NN	Mark didn 't know the range of EMP blasts .
tr	NN	But one bookcase held row upon row of identical tomes .
tr	NNS	You taste exotic fruits with unexpected juices of almost unbearable sweetness .
tr	NN	Then she was ordering a steak from room service , plus a glass of wine and the biggest dessert on the menu .
tr	NN	She grasped the closest branch and pulled herself up , wiggling out of his arms .
tr	NN	It is passing the responsibility for your own life on to someone , or something , else .
tr	NNS	I can verify your press credentials if necessary . "
tr	NNS	" You can take off your goggles .
tr	NN	He radiated charisma , and his eyes sparkled .
tr	NNS	You two go enjoy yourselves . "
tr	NN	" Someday , I will return the favor . "
tr	NN	" Have a little faith in her .
tr	NNS	We must sow the seeds of rebellion in their minds . "
tr	NNS	The village elder posted two sentries to guard the now sacred body of the sacrifice .
tr	NN	How can we feel that certainty ? "
tr	NN	James did not really know the owner of the yard he was walking in .
tr	NNS	The French might have twenty-one ships in Brest , but they did not dare come out to face the far more skilled British sailors .
tr	NNS	" Witch lovers ! "
tr	NNS	I would carve the notches in the logs and shape wooden pegs to secure each log to another .
tr	NN	She touched her temple .
tr	NNS	" My wife can work wonders with a dress , but not every day . "
tr	NNS	Once he would have trusted his powers of seduction to get me into his bed .
tr	NN	She has protection there . "
tr	NNS	Finally , Alex gets the balls to put it out there .
tr	NNS	I still have nightmares . "
tr	NN	If he knocked , I would push the dresser aside and open the door .
tr	NN	She gave a tiny moan and seemed to try and muster the energy to fight him .
tr	NNS	At the end of the meal , everyone picked up their plates and carried the dishes into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	" Maddy has skills that should assist your journey .
tr	NN	He had given Tyler all the credit and accepted a supporting role .
tr	NN	Ted picked the pistol up from the ground and rinsed it off as well .
tr	NNS	Elise had visions of the two professors fighting each other throughout the defense .
tr	NNS	She cleared off the plates and Jason handed her his credit card .
tr	NN	I 'll call and make an appointment for you to see him this afternoon . "
tr	NNS	" If I give the order to get out , I don 't want any arguments . "
tr	NN	Although it was easier for us to move through the crowd -- our ' celebrity status ' lent us the Moses effect .
tr	NNS	I 'm wearing black briefs with white trim . "
tr	NNS	The medical staff offered sincere apologies : there was nothing they could do .
tr	NNS	" Who makes the butterflies ? "
tr	NN	She clicked open the email .
tr	NN	Vampire scientists developed the substitute more than one hundred fifty years before and the vampire community was dependent on it for sustenance .
tr	NNS	I almost envied his abilities .
tr	NNS	Pulling her hair over her shoulders , he covered the fresh marks upon her neck with it as he turned her around to face him .
tr	NN	Gud didn " t protest .
tr	NN	" Wait a sec , Bucky Boy .
tr	NN	Why did I have a seizure ? "
tr	NNS	" You should have seen their vessels in the river .
tr	NNS	" No , I am sorry I did not believe him before , may the gods forgive me and be praised . "
tr	NN	He has talent for cruelty .
tr	NNS	The meal had cost more like nine hundred dollars but he admired the fact that she 'd emptied her wallet for him .
tr	NNS	He heard the few birds calling in the trees but paid them no mind .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples , feeling slightly sick .
tr	NNS	I dug my fingernails into his side and kicked him in the groin as hard as I could .
tr	NNS	She read fiction , literature and medical journals , but ... " You 're reading gossip columns ?
tr	NN	He hoisted the lid and looked inside .
tr	NN	Heat tore up her spine and her cl * t throbbed uncontrollably .
tr	NNS	Mikaela turned the pages slowly , mesmerized by the images of the life she 'd led .
tr	NNS	Long , slow strokes now he could take his time .
tr	NN	She felt an odd pang about the puppies as she dealt with their lifeless bodies , but that passed .
tr	NN	Summer picked up her fork and ran her fingers along the smooth tines .
tr	NNS	However , with my new change , it brought new powers .
tr	NNS	Today , he was wearing black slacks , loafers , and a tight fitting , tan turtleneck shirt .
tr	NNS	He 's not winning any points by taking off with Seth and leaving me behind .
tr	NN	Inside sat a row of massive turbine generators , looking like oversize metal elephants .
tr	NNS	Strips of sunlight hit the cheerful bits through the window blinds .
tr	NN	The heat in his eyes made her legs tremble .
tr	NN	" You really do teach investing ? "
tr	NNS	The bridge featured four exit points .
tr	NN	" You were given a glimpse of just how evil some aliens can be .
tr	NN	" Take the Queen of Rowan and Thorn to someone who can dress her properly .
tr	NN	You got a solid argument , " said he , " and I admit you put it pretty well .
tr	NNS	" Once , so long ago that I don 't want to remember , I didn 't just make queens .
tr	NNS	I don 't fear your rages .
tr	NN	My dad pulls a backpack out of the trunk and hands it to me .
tr	NNS	Neither of them were on speaking terms with their relatives , and they had an agreement from the time they founded this company to that effect . "
tr	NNS	My heart skipped three beats .
tr	NN	And then she showed him cold resolve .
tr	NN	He took his rope and trenching tool , and that was it as far as equipment went .
tr	NN	It requires honest prayer and petition and a responsible plan for any children that might be created as a result . "
tr	NNS	We 've followed leads , changed out the staff , interrogated everyone involved , but nothing 's come up .
tr	NN	Not saying a word , I grabbed the quilt and pillow from the couch and handed it to him .
tr	NN	" My brother is starting right wing in tonight 's game .
tr	NNS	You 'll never get my treasures !
tr	NNS	God knows , they need drama queens -- I mean teachers -- everywhere ! "
tr	NNS	Both arrows had found their marks .
tr	NNS	Now I know your tricks . "
tr	NNS	Surely the clean mountain air of the Adirondacks would do wonders for Maggie .
tr	NN	" If the place is so busy , why a merger ? "
tr	NNS	Some packs just let their members turn wolf whenever , or spent a ton of time in wolf form .
tr	NNS	They held up the pens to each other , laughed , cried and finally kissed .
tr	NNS	As she was resting holding onto the shelf , she saw the three other orange balls scattered .
tr	NNS	Not once they opened their mouths , anyway .
tr	NNS	The heavy chairs had cushions covered in black and white fabric and reminded her of an elegant old movie set .
tr	NNS	" You have done great deeds without regard to the sacrifice to yourself .
tr	NNS	Witches can 't hold their spells when they 're attacked .
tr	NNS	I can still wear my sandals , and I can go without makeup for a day .
tr	NNS	Rising , she carried her dishes into the kitchen and put them in the sink .
tr	NNS	They both have severe bonding issues brought on by apathetic and absent parents . "
tr	NNS	She fills both our cups and takes a seat across from me .
tr	NNS	Huge pots sprouted weeds and saplings , and many had " NOLA Rising " written on them .
tr	NN	He flipped open the file and ran his finger down a text document .
tr	NNS	I mean , only a freak would cry over shifting plates .
tr	NN	" You 're creating a spectacle of us .
tr	NNS	The Maran 's had far reaching interests , with factors and warehouses in all the kingdoms .
tr	NNS	" Did you really meet bandits and wolves ? "
tr	NNS	I 've got brains to spare . "
tr	NNS	It took three more attempts to lift the tsar from the shaft .
tr	NN	She could feel no covering over her eyes but still saw nothing .
tr	NN	He removed a pistol from his jacket pocket , checked it and then nodded to show he was ready .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths , trying to manage my sudden feeling of panic at the thought .
tr	NN	His hair and eyes were white , his skin like ivory .
tr	NN	She pulled out a wad and counted it .
tr	NNS	" Some idiots in the street , they see the uniforms and they believe we have to help them , for free !
tr	NNS	Could suggest environmental carelessness or usury .
tr	NNS	She 'd fight her fears .
tr	NNS	We take the pencils , rubber bands and pens and get to work making tiny little crossbows .
tr	NN	Jain might as well swear vengeance against the gods as pursue a vendetta against the laird .
tr	NN	How did he have that effect on her ?
tr	NNS	" Mrs. White makes the same claims about you as you make about her . "
tr	NN	I found a cluster of boulders and climbed to the top and sat there and relived my mad dash up the mountain .
tr	NN	He spooned a mouthful of the bisque into his mouth and then took a bite of the hot roll .
tr	NNS	They put the rags on the fire , and watched them burn .
tr	NNS	* * * * They gathered their supplies at first light .
tr	NN	He hitched a knot on the writing desk with the short rope and threw it down on the ground .
tr	NN	But I 've been known t ' be smack wrong . "
tr	NN	Gabby felt a prickling at the back of her neck .
tr	NN	She 'd never worn an outfit so daring , so revealing , in her life and her body was quite good , if not supermodel hot .
tr	NN	Remembering Trent , she whispered another prayer and shook her head .
tr	NNS	Altair had overheard lurid descriptions of the man 's appearance .
tr	NNS	She was marking out the points of a compass .
tr	NN	Orla was oiling the joins in her armour and working polish into the grooves .
tr	NN	The rapist he had been following copped a plea so that story was over .
tr	NN	Here , as the day slowly broke over us , I could taste the honey sweetness of her mouth .
tr	NNS	' Please , sit down gentlemen .
tr	NNS	" With or without money , people still have their issues .
tr	NNS	His kennel had several blue ribbons on it .
tr	NNS	So where do these powers that we have come from ?
tr	NN	" They have the worst timing . "
tr	NNS	Anyhow , I followed his directions and eventually I arrived at the entrance to this place .
tr	NN	He let out a loud groan as he came inside me .
tr	NNS	" They left all those magnificent ruins behind , right ? "
tr	NN	' We don 't waste venom any more .
tr	NNS	" Maybe we should just go up a couple more floors and wait it out . "
tr	NN	In the far wall , she noticed an illustration , an oriental chart depicting a woman meditating .
tr	NNS	The room could hold a thousand workers at once and this was an instance where it was largely at capacity .
tr	NNS	We were just beginning our discussions .
tr	NN	I gathered the treasure in my arms , and followed him to the ladder .
tr	NN	After her grandfather 's death , Valeria made it her personal goal to gain what her grandfather couldn 't get , a world championship belt .
tr	NN	Slowly , carefully , he used the terry cloth in a way she was sure no one had ever meant for terry cloth to be used .
tr	NN	Sloane had expected an argument .
tr	NNS	Not , of course , before a couple of the wiser antlers threw their two cents in .
tr	NNS	He was obtaining his coveted powers , and to the wraiths with the consequences .
tr	NNS	Checked the earnings reports , eyed potential investments .
tr	NNS	I didn 't see any escape routes .
tr	NNS	As she entered her room , Alex saw a tiny streak of wet red a few centimeters from her doorway .
tr	NN	And even if he never loved her the way Diana wanted him to , he would still show her the affection and respect she deserved .
tr	NN	He inherited that one trait from his father .
tr	NN	" Future boyfriend material ? "
tr	NN	" We 'll have our first lesson over breakfast tomorrow ? "
tr	NN	For the same reason John wasn 't wearing a wire , as handy as it would have been .
tr	NN	His embrace nearly cut off her oxygen .
tr	NNS	Make that original Frank Lloyd Wright designs , most likely .
tr	NN	He has a rifle on him .
tr	NN	Trevor 's mother 's impatiently scolded her father 's interruption , before turning back to Trevor with a mixture of excitement and concern .
tr	NNS	She only made simple sandwiches but added some gourmet cheese to spice them up and some homemade salsa .
tr	NN	I had also grabbed a muffin because I realized I had not eaten anything all day .
tr	NNS	I turned into the next business parking lot , about 100 yards from the storage facility entrance .
tr	NN	I didn 't know what carnal sin he was smelling , but it wasn 't that .
tr	NN	The sun was washing the landscape in shades of gold when we stepped out onto the porch .
tr	NN	I figured waitress , shop clerk .
tr	NN	" Lives a half mile south .
tr	NNS	Would the top floor flats have higher numbers , she wondered , as she moved to the bottom of the list ?
tr	NNS	Her bedroom had old-fashioned Venetian blinds , and she closed them .
tr	NN	He barely registered the pistol as it lifted toward him .
tr	NN	They left the harbor .
tr	NNS	You may have noticed his two bodyguards ? "
tr	NNS	She took off her own cloths and slid in along side of him .
tr	NNS	" I will deliver the data myself on Friday . "
tr	NNS	It might assume more than three dimensions .
tr	NNS	" While I was swimming I saw two mermaids . "
tr	NN	That knowledge didn 't lessen my resolve .
tr	NNS	He 'd only stopped his actions because I 'd brought him with me to the Yew Land .
tr	NNS	Bath men clenched their jaws in frustration and the room filled with the palpable tension of men longing for violence .
tr	NN	Madame would have all manner of amusing comments about today 's journey .
tr	NN	My vision swam and my face felt hotter than the sun , coated as it was in a thick layer of sweat .
tr	NNS	If Lisa and Malcolm were correct , someone was harnessing this child 's abilities .
tr	NN	Kissing was most definitely my favorite hobby !
tr	NN	Millicent followed her carefully , the video shutting off just as Birgitte started climbing the high walls that would take her back to Aegis .
tr	NN	Bastian picked up the screw cap lid and twisted it into place .
tr	NN	For a brief instant she caught a glimpse of their blackness through the floorboards .
tr	NNS	His warm cologne assaulted her senses , reminding her of falling asleep beside him and waking up in his arms the last few mornings .
tr	NNS	The old Danny had dodged offers of comfort over his parents ' split , seeking escape in her body rather than in her arms .
tr	NN	He gave a mock shudder .
tr	NN	Harry 's making a gigantic pillow house cage for Patsy and George , who 're pretending to be baby tigers .
tr	NN	She picked up a muffin to go with her usual orange and looked about for a table .
tr	NN	I saw the reluctance in his eyes , the way he protested my immediate reaction to land the ship .
tr	NNS	We started down the tracks .
tr	NNS	She could feel the hardness growing in his pants , the need to have her .
tr	NNS	Men , search his pockets . "
tr	NNS	Thomas had just used magical powers .
tr	NN	Great statues guarded the arched entrance tower .
tr	NN	As soon as her hands were free , she grabbed her veil and bra .
tr	NN	Better that mortals could not see this , they could not comprehend its entirety .
tr	NN	Then Alan Danuta closed his briefcase and took it off his knees and put it on the floor .
tr	NN	The decision had sealed her fate as an unmarried spinster .
tr	NNS	A pull or hook would leave 220 yards and a likely bogey .
tr	NNS	That single sentence spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Instantly Shea felt the ripple of unease coursing through Jacques .
tr	NNS	( He did get a caress on the shoulder from Russell for his gesture . )
tr	NN	He kissed her temple .
tr	NNS	He verified the numbers , industry growth , driving factors , etc. .
tr	NN	I pushed away the jealousy .
tr	NNS	" Should I expect any more surprises ? "
tr	NNS	He and Chevy drank their beers , watching Cynthia Dane seduce the audience with her voice and her eyes .
tr	NN	All of them followed their president .
tr	NN	" Maybe he 'll liquidate my trust fund .
tr	NNS	You haven 't attended Assembly meetings since you were appointed to the Royal Council .
tr	NNS	As he turned he saw two more identical figures coming in from the other fire door .
tr	NN	" That depends on whether or not it is working , " he told her slyly .
tr	NNS	" We 'll discuss sleeping arrangements later . "
tr	NN	After ya accept that notion , ya just pick the possibility ya want and improve the probability of it happening when ya want it to happen . "
tr	NN	He even wore the red knit cap of a Mountain Warfare Instructor , known simply as Red Hats .
tr	NNS	Can you use your prayers to tell me if it 's in there ? "
tr	NN	She held her teacup with utmost elegance , gazing down at the street with a slightly sardonic , melancholy demeanor .
tr	NNS	" That ' upstanding citizen ' has ties to the Lucchese family . "
tr	NNS	Alexei had an old compass he had swiped from the archives .
tr	NNS	I watched his movements as he continued thrusting , the veins in his forearm standing out , his muscles tense .
tr	NN	And that ass ... If he 'd thought Veronica 's backside was perfect , this woman lifted perfection to a new level .
tr	NN	I caught barely a glimpse of a guy in a suit behind Jax 's big frame , then Jax kicked the door shut behind him .
tr	NN	Even I could feel the lure of him .
tr	NN	Amjad gave a loud , irreverent snort .
tr	NNS	They have some members in River Sunday too .
tr	NNS	The machine made noises like a thousand cats in a grain thresher .
tr	NNS	It had no visible sockets , ports , or plug-ins .
tr	NN	Fintan fought the urge to scream himself .
tr	NN	She scratched her fingernail lightly over the left side of his chest before her hand fell to her lap .
tr	NN	The driver rolled down the partition .
tr	NN	' I can 't wait anybody , ' Raj said , ' if anybody wants to go .
tr	NNS	She clenched her jaws together until she felt like her teeth would shatter , but there was no way to summon her power .
tr	NNS	How long can I make excuses to drive through her neighborhood ?
tr	NN	When we reached the front of the line everyone had their ID out and ready for inspection .
tr	NN	Rafe gave a shout of laughter , and Finan lifted his eyes heavenward , shaking his head .
tr	NN	He flung himself at Jace , catching him around the waist , knocking him off the branch .
tr	NNS	" Maybe he just owns the rights to all hero montages ?
tr	NNS	" This woman cast spells on you under your own roof , knowing all the while that you 'd kill her if you found out .
tr	NNS	So , you see , papa wolf sent his cubs to check us out . "
tr	NNS	Doing all sorts of things to you with my lips and tongue . "
tr	NNS	I gave them hugs .
tr	NNS	" Not vampire germs .
tr	NNS	We evacuate the gem sectors first .
tr	NN	For now , he played the doting uncle to Charlotte , his oldest brother 's daughter , and to his younger brother Ethan 's twin boys .
tr	NNS	" Now after enough practice , when you apply your english to the ball , you can do all sorts of wondrous things .
tr	NN	He spurred the dragon towards the Fist .
tr	NNS	Celeste screamed " NO " and turned her face away , waiting for the inevitable to happen .
tr	NNS	" The tattoo didn 't have any powers .
tr	NNS	Over a mug of steaming coffee , I replayed my interviews and made notes .
tr	NNS	I found the wires and pulled them loose .
tr	NNS	You certainly won 't be getting any more joy rides .
tr	NN	Saber preferred humor to anything else and used it often as a barrier between herself and the rest of the world .
tr	NNS	Her fingertips picked out chisel marks .
tr	NN	Somehow they carried the potential for that change deep within them .
tr	NN	" Well of course I want another puzzle ! "
tr	NN	" All right , " argued Shallow Lucy , " describe one redeeming quality you 've found in this man so far . "
tr	NN	The local maidens would no doubt appreciate my new , very manly , physique . "
tr	NN	But inside , he battled an onslaught of emotion , frustration , desperation , and a little anger .
tr	NNS	Instead of calming her , his gesture released the butterflies from the net in her stomach .
tr	NN	It climbed a gradual grade , and for a moment his view of the road ahead had been limited to the crest of the grade .
tr	NNS	We can take the dining room chairs down , give people a place to sit , but I 'll let the guys bring them down .
tr	NN	Perry had never understood that phrase not to mention .
tr	NN	Viktor laid his shovel in the shadows next to Romulus ' and prepared himself for another , even longer , nerve-wracking sprint .
tr	NN	She wore a beautiful white gown , or it had been beautiful at one time .
tr	NNS	He resisted my attempts to convince him kill her .
tr	NN	Still , he hadn 't expected their imprisonment to last this long .
tr	NN	All of you deserve punishment when we get home . "
tr	NNS	Josephine opened her senses to the energies surrounding her and was startled to find it was almost completely bereft of anything at all .
tr	NNS	I tap my fingernails on the table over and over .
tr	NNS	" Little bastards cut their suits . "
tr	NNS	" I had nightmares for weeks after that class .
tr	NN	He almost dropped the candle as he moved to cradle her jerking little head .
tr	NN	The fear that she had feelings for Jalal had been compromising his sanity .
tr	NN	All supernaturals had a strict " cleanup " protocol .
tr	NNS	We have some party members helping us .
tr	NNS	Unlike her father Bob didn 't drink excessively .
tr	NN	He could hear her crunching through the leaves .
tr	NN	For a moment , he also felt that old ripple of terror rising , and with no small effort , he forced it back down .
tr	NNS	" Anyway , I have some numbers for you to crunch .
tr	NN	She was flying down the highway , testing out the engine , seeing how fast she dared to drive it .
tr	NN	I could tell my reluctance bothered him .
tr	NN	" She wrote poetry , too .
tr	NN	The next letter , dated January of that year , reintroduced the theme : " I wake in the night , afraid .
tr	NNS	Which ones got the most points ? "
tr	NN	" Have a goodnight . "
tr	NN	Was he also remembering their first encounter ?
tr	NNS	These points are presumably a key concern , for you 're right , little can harm the ships as long as we have room to manoeuvre .
tr	NNS	As a published author , I 'm also hitting some round numbers on book sales , etc. .
tr	NNS	And then they will destroy the kingdoms of Aragon and Castile and rule them , too ! "
tr	NNS	When we finished , I gathered our plates to do the dishes .
tr	NNS	She felt the twitches of loss of control seizing her .
tr	NNS	" We 've got two more floors to clear out . "
tr	NN	I use that Legacy sparingly , as it 's an easy way to attract unwanted attention .
tr	NNS	But he heard cloth ripping -- could almost feel it -- and bands being wrapped around his wrists .
tr	NNS	" Merely two centuries . "
tr	NN	You have a full range of motion with your arm , and I can 't even tell where it was broken .
tr	NN	Then she tiptoed barefoot down the wooden boardwalk to the chairs facing the ocean .
tr	NNS	" We raised our prices yesterday ; it 's $ 7.50 now .
tr	NNS	Mira was arranging olives and sliced carrots onto an ornate crystal tray .
tr	NNS	Bear removed the thick plastic ties that bound their arms together .
tr	NNS	It took many trips and half the day before we could start building .
tr	NN	" Thank god . "
tr	NN	I pressed End and groaned into my hands .
tr	NNS	I pulled the blinds over the window .
tr	NN	Her family abused the crap out of her .
tr	NN	" Give her a minute , my lord .
tr	NN	She showed him the patch of black Velcro where the tape would be , " It isn 't tape .
tr	NN	She carefully removed the lid from her takeout cup , took a brief sip and grimaced at the heat .
tr	NNS	Hunger was gnawing , ever present , relentless .
tr	NNS	Alex enjoyed these outdoor trips and felt close to Jane as they sat and talked to each other .
tr	NN	Later , she lit the cook stove and made the tea .
tr	NNS	' ... and free beers . '
tr	NNS	I told bits and pieces of my story to anyone who would listen .
tr	NN	Passing the kitchen , he heard the sizzle of meat cooking .
tr	NNS	" Because I have your best interests at heart . "
tr	NNS	Any other time , the idea would have caused her hairs to bristle .
tr	NNS	In places , her body was missing large chunks of flesh .
tr	NNS	" That 's alright , I 'm using my employee benefits . "
tr	NNS	Helen threw back the covers and showered , changing into a pair of jeans and plain white tee-shirt .
tr	NN	Romy swung an accusatory glare at Dex .
tr	NNS	You 've got good instincts .
tr	NN	You have a visitor at your house .
tr	NN	I let out the loudest groan , the feeling of him inside way more intense than it usually is , but in the best way possible .
tr	NN	Maybe give him a permanent limp . "
tr	NNS	Just got a little nauseous . "
tr	NNS	Jackson could now make out tiny figures with his naked eye .
tr	NNS	An infant would create difficulties .
tr	NNS	Yellow pins indicated areas yet to be investigated , and red indicated sectors deemed too dangerous , areas overrun with undead or too radioactive .
tr	NN	She massaged her aching temple , still battling the effects of her dreams . '
tr	NNS	They both had backpacks that weighed about twenty pounds .
tr	NN	You can get extra credit for doing it . "
tr	NNS	" I got rights .
tr	NNS	" My three queens , " Dr. Abernathy informed Pete Sands , " beat your two pairs .
tr	NN	Andre handed the driver a generous sum of money and they unloaded their belongings from the trunk and watched the driver leave .
tr	NNS	I feel coolness and then out of breath .
tr	NNS	The elder Queen took no chances .
tr	NN	Why do I feel defeat hanging round me like a cloak ?
tr	NNS	He took a few shots , and then quickly unfolded the map .
tr	NN	Elijah spots a medal on his lapel and asks if he 's ever been in a war .
tr	NNS	I shouldn 't have , I had visions in my head of us both being vampires and tearing him to pieces .
tr	NNS	Reece fanned the pages with her fingers , " You could call it that .
tr	NN	His wide smile revealed his own hero worship of the older couple .
tr	NN	The valet opening Rita 's door did not receive the same quality of view as Henry enjoyed during her earlier entry .
tr	NN	She broke the engagement , and she asked you very politely to stay away from her .
tr	NNS	" That 's right , " Aunt Pol said encouragingly .
tr	NNS	Vickie gave her directions to her house and thanked her profusely .
tr	NN	She loved Colin 's intelligence , his humor , and , yes , his sexual skill .
tr	NNS	" I could make Irish steel cut oats or we could try this Swedish Muesli . "
tr	NN	A strange feeling engulfed his consciousness .
tr	NN	" He convinced a shrink that she was going crazy .
tr	NN	Her date would be wearing a Giants baseball cap .
tr	NNS	For God 's sake , kiss her senseless and send for the vicar .
tr	NNS	He inspected the hotels and officially approved accommodations .
tr	NNS	They had tied all the kidnappers up .
tr	NNS	Suddenly he saw all the chances he 'd lost .
tr	NN	He laid his viewer on the rostrum , looked down at it , and pinched his double chin .
tr	NN	Sierra Vista , while well-stocked , just didn 't have the same depth to offer .
tr	NN	When she and Domenico encountered Aurelius Castellano , she felt her husband stiffen beside her .
tr	NN	" My ' you should stay ' speech . "
tr	NNS	Opening the cupboard , he replaced the dried plates .
tr	NN	Repair the squad . "
tr	NN	Each shift in time impressed a little more detail in the countenances of the apparitions .
tr	NNS	Nate , Summer , and Pigeon collected their backpacks and followed him out .
tr	NNS	I 'd confided my fears , my joys , my hopes , my ... my soul .
tr	NNS	She tossed off the covers and started to rise .
tr	NNS	After I cried myself out , I took a few deep shuddering breaths to steady myself .
tr	NNS	Jimmy ran a few simulations through his head .
tr	NNS	He gently cupped my balls while running his finger along my crack with his other hand , then slid his hands down the inside of my thighs .
tr	NN	The Dark Lord 's idea of a " special treat " would make any sane man cringe in horror .
tr	NNS	I patted my pockets and was relieved that the new key was still inside .
tr	NNS	Sandeep studied his new surroundings .
tr	NNS	You paint these bits before assembly , do you ? '
tr	NN	... fight for him ... He leaned over his father , jabbed the needle into his arm , and pushed the plunger home .
tr	NNS	Eve was lighting the candles - and boy , she had a lot of them , sitting basically everywhere .
tr	NNS	There are reported buildings found on Mars .
tr	NNS	Lauren still couldn 't understand her sister 's actions .
tr	NN	She 'd read an article that a man who was assured of a woman 's fidelity was much more confident when others noticed her .
tr	NN	" I 'll take the marker , Dr. Holbrook .
tr	NNS	" Because without fear Humans would 've lasted only a few generations . "
tr	NN	As he left , she heard a quick patter of feet approaching .
tr	NNS	She may have had better meals but right now , it was the most wonderful thing , she had ever tasted .
tr	NNS	Off to the far side the townspeople join the runners in an effort to destroy the ghouls .
tr	NNS	The Mayor 's pained shout echoed down the tunnels into nothingness .
tr	NN	" Madame , " he said slowly , " I consider myself a fair employer , but I do not eat with my servants . "
tr	NNS	She 'd grabbed both pans , dumped them in the sink , and sprayed water on them .
tr	NNS	Andris had hinted Jess and her friends weren 't on his list .
tr	NN	At one time their lives had been so entwined they 'd known every single detail about each other .
tr	NNS	People had carved all sorts of things in the wooden top .
tr	NNS	Trap the dogs inside or flush them out . "
tr	NN	I tuck a strand of hair behind my ear .
tr	NNS	We have contacts with many army chaplains . "
tr	NN	The contractor couldn 't find a mechanical malfunction either .
tr	NNS	" Just be glad we got our grade five cards . "
tr	NN	SIX As she set the brass basket next to the woodpile , Marian felt her back muscles protest and threaten to seize up .
tr	NNS	I didn 't exactly meet their curious stares , but I did notice Ryder 's lips curve into a barely there smile .
tr	NNS	Chloe had dumped the blocks back out again and was building a shaky tower .
tr	NNS	We alerted the citizens , assembled a small force , and were in the process of tracking the invaders when they set upon you . "
tr	NN	This morning , the fired commander of the Turkish armed forces staged a coup , and deposed the government .
tr	NN	Every second I wasted meant certain doom for my friends .
tr	NNS	She flexed her biceps .
tr	NNS	His hips jerked off the mattress , his eyes glowing as his wolf strained to be released .
tr	NN	The shapeshifter dropped the pistol he was holding as he sprang to his feet .
tr	NN	I 'd have plenty of daycare there - a whole castle of babysitters .
tr	NN	As he did so , he murmured a command , gently pushing her toward sleep .
tr	NNS	I didn 't hear any birds or squirrels .
tr	NN	A year later , he had an article published in the New England Journal of Medicine concerning cleft palates .
tr	NNS	The meeting revolves around the best methods to stop the Strain being released , and contingency plans to get Forgotten London 's citizens to safety .
tr	NNS	Beneath the ashes and debris from the harness he had clearly once worn , Mark found other items .
tr	NN	Where do I get a good burger ? "
tr	NN	Overall it gave the impression that if you wandered long enough through the maze of items you could find anything .
tr	NNS	" The smoke keeps the bugs away . "
tr	NNS	The large breasts hung wonderfully and stretched the strings and patches to their limit .
tr	NN	Carefully rolling him toward her , she felt along his spine , then worked in a grid pattern over his broad back .
tr	NNS	We need her funds to air our commercials throughout the state .
tr	NN	The wallpaper complimented the furniture , offering fleeting shades of pink ; birds and flowers scribed gently within the pattern .
tr	NNS	" As I see it , the two of you can rescue yourselves since you are the bride and groom .
tr	NN	A man in a green top hat got off his motorcycle .
tr	NN	I quickly pulled off the condom and threw into the trashcan on the other side of the bed .
tr	NN	It took all his willpower to stay on the table .
tr	NN	Once they do , I 'll unleash a big blast .
tr	NNS	Elijah has taken two bites .
tr	NN	He flipped the pillow behind his neck , eyeing me .
tr	NNS	But he could faintly make out silhouettes flying past them .
tr	NNS	I take several slow breaths , attempting to calm my fear .
tr	NN	Their determination and lack of humanity drove a shaft of hopeless terror into MW .
tr	NNS	The Queen recognized the potential dangers she could face and thus had decided to do everything in her power to protect herself from this possible event .
tr	NNS	He 'd changed forms before , of course , but never with this level of deception in mind .
tr	NN	He pushed the liquid in and patted her on the head .
tr	NNS	Without her , who would monitor the Tanks ?
tr	NNS	" I have my senior students working on an answer . "
tr	NNS	His excitement animated the smallest movements Abbey didn 't think he could keep still if his life depended on it .
tr	NN	He did a quick assessment of the bathroom .
tr	NN	Thank god I was a girl .
tr	NN	He let out a low growl of disagreement .
tr	NNS	He staggered backwards and went to reach for a gun in his ankle holster .
tr	NN	I also remembered the ache you get in your heart when love has disappointed you .
tr	NNS	The next day my father sent the remains back to my uncle with a note that read , ' A little gift from The Beast . ' "
tr	NN	She had a bouquet of roses in her hand and sat , just inhaling them .
tr	NN	She opened the refrigerator and pointed with a smirk .
tr	NNS	We have healing powers . "
tr	NNS	Emma quickly shoved the pages back into the folder just as Quinlan stepped inside .
tr	NN	Then , while on her honeymoon , Dana suddenly suffered another seizure .
tr	NNS	It had certainly clarified the issues .
tr	NNS	We use teaching techniques that match their learning styles and show them how to utilize those learning styles to hone their own learning in the future . "
tr	NN	Hurry , before his highness and his court inflict their plague of stupid upon us ! "
tr	NN	" I got this memo , " he finally raised his hand weakly .
tr	NNS	Rush followed my directions and we didn 't say much .
tr	NN	I kiss her fervently , nipping at her lip as I touch her everywhere .
tr	NNS	But more than that , he had sown the seeds for his own destruction .
tr	NN	I picked out a simple white t-shirt and a pair of faded blue jeans .
tr	NNS	" It was kept off the internal schematics to stop outside infiltration and no one has ever been informed of its existence .
tr	NN	He held his cell phone pistol against her neck .
tr	NN	His vice grip encased my hips , fingers digging into the bone .
tr	NN	Now , open the vial and pour whatever 's left on your head . "
tr	NNS	So she still had her powers even here .
tr	NNS	I grab the red hot peppers , back stepping into the counter .
tr	NNS	" Two dead birds in as many weeks .
tr	NN	That earned a small snort , followed by a shake of disapproval .
tr	NN	" You asked the Priest ? "
tr	NN	He flicked open his menu .
tr	NNS	Others attended prayer meetings and Bible study , learned the ways of the Lord , but Adam was the favorite son .
tr	NN	" Behold , for you have never in your life seen such a document .
tr	NN	He has a penchant for taking on opponents twice his size .
tr	NN	Your brothers have finally got their revenge .
tr	NN	It would only get her lectured and give him indigestion .
tr	NN	He was rapidly developing an urge to nag .
tr	NN	I swallowed the mouthful of blood and watched as Tristan 's eyes grew hungrier the more I took in .
tr	NNS	The group followed their captors through the city gates .
tr	NN	I have not heard your ancient language for many years , how is Cooper ? "
tr	NNS	" I 'd never leave , " I say fervently .
tr	NN	Tell your plant to let everyone go ! "
tr	NNS	His fist stopped its motions and he furled his brows .
tr	NNS	" I made little surprises for my boys before , and it caused trouble .
tr	NNS	How about the people I love remaining unharmed ? "
tr	NNS	She tugged her reins and wheeled her horse around .
tr	NN	It forced a constant twitch in her fingers .
tr	NN	" Take it easy , honey .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to laugh out loud .
tr	NN	Instead of palace livery , he wore the King 's Army uniform .
tr	NN	Gabriel brushed her temple with his mouth , lingering for a moment against her pulse .
tr	NN	He hung up his backpack , pausing for a second at the green sweater still hanging on the hall tree .
tr	NNS	You 've exceeded my expectations at Black Enterprises and you 're doing extremely well .
tr	NN	Sebastian cast a smirk over his shoulder at her as she came up behind him .
tr	NNS	She lifted her skirt , he tugged down his sweats .
tr	NN	Should I bring a pen ? "
tr	NN	Sir Geoffrey might be bringing a special visitor with him and security may be an issue .
tr	NNS	" Do you ever read romance novels ? "
tr	NNS	His spirit filled the emptiness from one end of infinity to the other .
tr	NN	From his first glimpse of the sinister figure striding upon the water , he had felt an instinctive certainty .
tr	NNS	We will offer bonus points for the vector .
tr	NN	A few hundred yards through the woods he could see the frame of a barn under construction .
tr	NNS	Acknowledging the fact didn 't undo the knots in his stomach .
tr	NN	I don 't want the wing .
tr	NNS	She 's had many lovers .
tr	NN	The slick arousal seeping against the tips of his fingers gave proof to the intensity of her desire .
tr	NNS	That mouth had great yellow fangs and ran from the top to the bottom of the head , opening vertically instead of horizontally .
tr	NNS	It took all my wits to get him inside so that I could tend his wounds . '
tr	NNS	" What will we tell the servants ? "
tr	NNS	My mom was out in the kitchen , rearranging the dishes , pots and pans for the umpteenth time .
tr	NNS	It 's taking all my skills to stay upright .
tr	NNS	Who 's earned awards for doing just that .
tr	NNS	And somehow that wrenched her insides in a way she 'd never experienced before .
tr	NN	The girls were all sporting diamond embroidered jewelry and purses that looked as if they were all imported from foreign countries .
tr	NN	She sets the tin aside .
tr	NN	Chapter Twelve I didn 't lose consciousness .
tr	NNS	Bria and I both let out tense breaths .
tr	NNS	He wanted their families gone and his attention focused on nothing but Leah with hers on nothing but him .
tr	NN	Besides , I have a police scanner in the car .
tr	NN	She now knew the true meaning of that term .
tr	NN	Take some aspirin and see if you can make yourself feel better . "
tr	NN	' You could call it a bloody multi-dimensional knuckle of localized phase space , or maybe you could just call it the song . '
tr	NNS	Just stay calm , we 've got ships in the area , ready to go .
tr	NN	" You still have that bird ?
tr	NNS	Since you love reading so much , why not write your own adventure tales ? "
tr	NNS	I check my settings .
tr	NN	Maria gave him a pat on the back , which was a large gesture of comfort coming from Maria .
tr	NN	They each used up a magazine of ammunition .
tr	NN	Give me a pen .
tr	NNS	Link pulled the shears from what was left of the Blood Incubus .
tr	NN	With this , Annie picked up the fork and began to eat .
tr	NN	She took half a doughnut and broke it in half .
tr	NN	Laurel took the dagger from Faye 's hands and examined it .
tr	NN	Number two pencil , coming up .
tr	NNS	Felice made the open-ended flight arrangements and his hotel reservation in Huntsville .
tr	NNS	Just get the data . "
tr	NN	" Oh , thanks , you got a soda lying around ? "
tr	NN	Instead , she gave me a reprieve by speaking first .
tr	NN	" He flat out made the announcement .
tr	NNS	" Five hundred bucks ?
tr	NN	" Thank goodness you came for me , Percival ! "
tr	NN	I grab another pillow and hold it to my stomach as I laugh .
tr	NN	At last she would find success .
tr	NN	Dread twisted a knot in my stomach when I heard the sound of the engine behind me .
tr	NNS	Stop offering terms and eat your food . "
tr	NN	The dark eye makeup drawn around her eyes emphasized the scowl .
tr	NN	" You had an ancestor who was a vampire ? "
tr	NN	He opened the tin of Altoids on his desk and popped one into his mouth , leaning back in the chair .
tr	NNS	She cupped his balls with one eager hand , then felt them tense and tighten as he neared release .
tr	NNS	Elizabeth noted their surroundings .
tr	NNS	It held eight torches that shone through red glass , a dull red glow emanating throughout the room .
tr	NNS	From the periphery of his vision , he spied three small figures approaching from the right .
tr	NN	She watched his eyes darken .
tr	NNS	Without an armed escort our coach will inevitably draw bandits .
tr	NN	Op Utopia See attached briefing memo .
tr	NN	" Erin did all the heavy lifting on this .
tr	NN	At first , Justin had imagined a cozy sinecure amidst good-natured monastics ; afterward , however , he learned that full-time work there meant precisely that .
tr	NNS	" You better make arrangements to buy the medicine yourself next time . "
tr	NN	How could he forget a spoken doom ?
tr	NN	As the ship left the planet 's atmosphere I could see the fat , red rust slice of Mars against the black of space .
tr	NNS	He followed several delusive leads that led into blind corners and empty promises .
tr	NN	A few seconds later he watched the officer slump down onto the bunk alongside Carlos .
tr	NNS	So I built several systems using as a model the note database I had created while writing my dissertation .
tr	NNS	I pulled my boxers and pants back up , found a blanket on the end of the bed and covered her with it .
tr	NN	He turned a frigid glare onto Voss , who lifted his own glass in salute .
tr	NNS	Unprepared , Clary ordered a few random items off the menu .
tr	NNS	" You 'd be surprised the things I know , " he said slyly .
tr	NN	Jake studied the statue .
tr	NNS	I dug up planets and ate the roots .
tr	NN	They held their location in the trees until sometime after two dozen limos had pulled into two lines and things slowed down a bit .
tr	NN	" Only a physician .
tr	NN	" Let go , honey .
tr	NNS	Jez threw back the covers and stomped out of the cottage calling back as he went , " Cooper , got any fish ? "
tr	NN	This shot dropped the intruder again allowing Pierce to provide the final blow downward to the back of head , knocking him out .
tr	NNS	She crosses the thin braids in the back , and pins in the flowers .
tr	NN	It 's got so much style . "
tr	NN	As she neared the house two doors down , she felt the disturbing sensation of being scrutinized .
tr	NN	Those words had a shattering effect on me .
tr	NNS	On my way home , I picked up steaks for dinner , along with a bag of salad , some dressing , and a couple of potatoes .
tr	NNS	Someone who hunted alligators for a living could certainly handle her attempts to fight him off .
tr	NN	She trudged down the hill as a perpetual drizzle soaked her jeans so that they stuck to her legs .
tr	NN	They radioed down to us an estimate of the time it would take to dig us out ... thirty days . "
tr	NN	She recognized the annoyance in his tone .
tr	NN	I close the drawer and open the one beneath it .
tr	NN	" I really need the ice cream .
tr	NN	" You would accept my bid ? "
tr	NN	I don 't know , " she gave a brief shoulder shrug followed by a sharp wince .
tr	NN	Her fingers clenched her fork .
tr	NN	Chelsea dropped her backpack and began rifling through her purse .
tr	NNS	" God bless stores with convenient layouts . "
tr	NN	She had thrown the command into his mind , furious with his double standard .
tr	NN	I don 't like your judgement of what is good for me .
tr	NN	He stuck the patch on her and turned to move on .
tr	NNS	But you temporarily exhausted your senses in the process .
tr	NNS	No major label bought the rights to it .
tr	NNS	I walk and grab the reins preventing another spook run through the unmapped woods with Athena by his side .
tr	NN	The sight of her there made his heart ache .
tr	NNS	I don 't share your inhibitions . "
tr	NNS	" They have spells of their own .
tr	NN	She fingers the clip in her hair for a moment .
tr	NNS	Jay , still on top , pushes the deer off the cage and onto the ground .
tr	NNS	" How did he get the burns ? "
tr	NN	We approached the Bronze Gate where the Maiden 's Guard stood the watch of the day .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	I am impressed Mr. Dunhill , you exceeded my expectations .
tr	NNS	The plant could season and seal thirty-two cans of jam a minute , the same amount of time it took Bugs to manage a single jar .
tr	NN	Therefore , as I see it , since the defendant did go through with the execution , an illegal execution at that .
tr	NN	When I return we 'll have a reception and she can meet people then . "
tr	NNS	What was frightening was not just the power but the sense of the dragon 's mind beneath it Keller could feel a terrible coldness .
tr	NNS	Then , I close my eyelashes .
tr	NN	" I thought it was her ... , " he says absently , still not looking at me .
tr	NN	Jake felt the interruption like a kick to the gut .
tr	NNS	No matter my attempts to stay cool and collected , my body seemed determined to heat up the closer I got to Mr. Stone .
tr	NNS	" Now , don 't make offers you 're not sure you intend to keep . "
tr	NNS	He checked his cards .
tr	NN	Her every movement sent a shudder of pleasure dancing through his body , a rush of flames leaping to engulf him .
tr	NNS	His friends shouted insults , the circle getting tighter .
tr	NNS	I saw all sorts of powers thrown at him .
tr	NNS	We just want ethical outcomes here . "
tr	NN	I have a great talent in these matters .
tr	NN	He undid the sheath clasp .
tr	NNS	Beads of sweat slid down his defined biceps , exposed from the athletic tank top he wore .
tr	NN	" I can 't tell you the location .
tr	NNS	We 've got fires scattered around the city and panicking Citizens flooding the streets .
tr	NN	The plush leather cushion had a sloping design that catered to a woman 's curves .
tr	NNS	If not behind her computer you can find her reading her favorite romances , hiking the beaches or savoring life with friends .
tr	NNS	Mary Jo did have trust issues ; she 'd admitted it and the reasons were obvious .
tr	NNS	They turn victims into zombies and use resources to grow more polymorphs .
tr	NNS	Our bodies mimicked our attackers and we awaited an assault at any moment .
tr	NN	Larger firms didn 't have this traditional structure , especially in a larger city .
tr	NNS	I feel shudders still rocking through him .
tr	NN	Wednesday night we went mud riding .
tr	NN	Pat , choose a colleague and take the watch till midnight .
tr	NNS	Until Professor Bellamy prompted you into saying that you and Kirsty had been mirror image twins .
tr	NNS	The Broken Nose didn 't receive many females within its boundaries .
tr	NN	I can 't resist bragging .
tr	NNS	His long silence spoke volumes , though .
tr	NN	I 'm surprised he 'd have such a , I don 't know , outburst of passion . "
tr	NNS	You make crossbows . "
tr	NN	He absentmindedly tucked the ribbon from the package into his pocket again .
tr	NNS	We need your combined powers to destroy her .
tr	NN	And then , he started his punishment , giving me all sorts of tiny pinch and tweak until I could no longer take the itch .
tr	NN	I study the landscape while the stream sweeps me further away from Vampire Mountain .
tr	NNS	Heather 's got her tricks down solid .
tr	NNS	" But they wouldn 't have citizenship rights . "
tr	NNS	I had my doubts about how Anton was going to " manage . "
tr	NN	His voice reflects his utter terror .
tr	NNS	" I have connections with a friend who restores historic homes . "
tr	NNS	" Freeze your goddamned balls off if you even tried to take a piss . "
tr	NNS	But I was getting berated by a woman I 'd never met .
tr	NN	A 300-pound orangutan usually had a noticeable effect on a person 's rate of progress , but Windle wore him like a collar .
tr	NN	It took the tyrant by surprise , causing a slight wince .
tr	NNS	All we 'd have to do is put the cats in carriers and drive them into Mora Bay .
tr	NN	I own a little farm in a small village in the Highlands .
tr	NNS	Sweat slicked my palms , and my arms felt heavy and slow , like lead weights attached to my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Every time that you take on a persona you will inherit tremendous skills , which will always stay with you .
tr	NN	" Roderick , you 've met my stepdaughter Brynn , right ? "
tr	NNS	He 'd watched the paramedics wheel them in .
tr	NN	He spied a fallen branch , picking it up for a walking stick .
tr	NNS	You 'll have all the facilities of a first-class hospital .
tr	NNS	I drew nearer to the castle .
tr	NNS	There were even matching dents , one just above his top lip and one just below his bottom lip .
tr	NNS	" Don 't be scared , " Dmitri said slyly .
tr	NN	Logan noted the meaning in Conrad 's words and frowned at his brother severely .
tr	NNS	Her pulse reading increased ten points on the display .
tr	NNS	Pol still made those clever remarks , but a lot of the bite had gone out of them .
tr	NN	He tugged the towel off his shoulder .
tr	NN	Dex gave them a casual salute and nod .
tr	NN	Memories wiped out , personalities modified , hostile attitude to Security .
tr	NNS	She gasped a quiet hiss of pleasure .
tr	NN	He 'd never wanted her pity .
tr	NN	" Why use a code ? "
tr	NN	I explored the river south of Astor in hopes of finding some place well off the beaten track .
tr	NN	We have a reputation .
tr	NN	I shoved the branch through the wolf 's leg .
tr	NNS	" If you want authority , then lead your sons !
tr	NN	He grabbed his baseball bat that was propped against the corner wall by the window .
tr	NNS	" Best be careful what ye say ' bout Robinson , Mr. Graves , " Crabtree warned , " He does prepare your meals ! "
tr	NNS	Running to catch each errant banner , she grew breathless as they all danced playfully out of her grip .
tr	NN	And she hated the licensed practical nurse that showed up to help her bathe . "
tr	NNS	They tied the canoes to the boot scraper by the front door and walked into the strangely silent cottage .
tr	NN	I 'd never seen anyone style their hair that way before .
tr	NNS	I 've been running operations for the Resistance long enough to know when one is being run right under my nose .
tr	NNS	I could signal ships at sea with my breasts .
tr	NNS	In another room she saw babies .
tr	NNS	" Do all those priests who worship your sister plant crops of any kind near the temple ? "
tr	NN	After just a few kicks , I landed a shoe to his groin .
tr	NN	This translates their language into mainly English .
tr	NNS	Several had brought lawn chairs and blankets , and it looked as if they 'd been camped there a good long while .
tr	NNS	You should save your prayers for when you are alone . "
tr	NN	I lacked Rachel 's talent for sensing the glass psi at a distance . "
tr	NN	But you still have a very important lesson to learn in life . "
tr	NNS	When they reached the halls .
tr	NN	His words brought her feminine power roaring to life .
tr	NN	Another couple days , then he could savor her sweetness .
tr	NNS	The contusion measures 7.40 inches in length and 4.30 inches in width .
tr	NN	" Take her outta of the building , Prewitt !
tr	NNS	Her hose had green and black horizontal stripes .
tr	NNS	Shaya joined us then , scrolls in her arms .
tr	NN	" If he ever touches you again , whether in anger or with lust , I 'll feed his carcass to the vultures . " " '
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances .
tr	NNS	Andy heard three thumps over the noise of the crowd , as something hard was hit against the floor .
tr	NN	And frankly he didn 't know the vetting protocol these days .
tr	NN	" You don 't have proof any more than we do .
tr	NN	Breeze and Ham continued their general banter .
tr	NNS	For Rafe , the passenger , the universe outside his view portal was frozen , the people statues .
tr	NNS	" Maybe you can figure out my business tax forms .
tr	NN	The wind whips a curl over my lips .
tr	NNS	Susan had taken more chances than Daisy in her time , and yet she 'd never got caught out .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths , preparing to be close to his body .
tr	NN	- Theo felt a cool breeze against his face as they left the gig .
tr	NNS	He had deliberately sabotaged her efforts to gain a husband .
tr	NN	My niece had made such a poignant plea to her mother that I couldn 't see Margaret ignoring Julia 's feelings .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	Their fodder for the evening gossip just went down several notches .
tr	NNS	Rush must have sensed her fears because he wrapped his arm around her and gently squeezed her waist .
tr	NNS	Fired all sorts of guns .
tr	NN	" What the devil are you doing ? "
tr	NN	He points the pen at me .
tr	NN	" Can you get an arrest warrant for Tate ? "
tr	NNS	She punched five numbers in , then jolted backwards .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen photographs of the symbol many times .
tr	NNS	But she did have primitive instincts .
tr	NNS	It took Kevin a dozen shots before Neil realized he was trying to rebound them all from the same spot .
tr	NNS	She twisted his insides into knots he had no hope of loosening .
tr	NN	We could ask the Power in it to protect the town .
tr	NN	She attaches a little vial to the tubing between the bag of fluids and my hand .
tr	NNS	She cracked more seeds , and this time , in two swift consecutive strikes .
tr	NN	Her mantra didn 't have its usual calming effect .
tr	NN	The pale blue veins in Mara 's arm before I stuck the needle in it .
tr	NN	Both my mom and dad saw every mind-numbing musical and rode every ride , and all the while , they were weighted down with stuffed animals .
tr	NNS	And in this case , overwhelming numbers . "
tr	NN	Bar soap that smelled like vanilla and cinnamon .
tr	NN	I had no lure or desire to do other than I have done . '
tr	NN	Sebastian didn 't notice Julian 's exhaustion earlier , but he remembered their last call .
tr	NN	Interestingly enough , Keith , who was always brutally honest , verbalized his assessment of the circumstances .
tr	NN	Even though I 'd seen him nude many times , seeing him like this never lost its powerful effect on me .
tr	NNS	I made the finest lamps in all of -- " Amy switched off the recorder .
tr	NN	Frustrated , Filipe finally prodded the fish a little too enthusiastically with his spear .
tr	NN	We will start our descent shortly .
tr	NN	I need closure ... " " Okay , man ... " Mo said , unconvinced .
tr	NN	They have a reputation for a reason .
tr	NNS	J spread his palms defensively .
tr	NNS	He always smoothed out the snarls she got into .
tr	NN	Something bumped my hip , and I realized he was holding the horn cup .
tr	NN	" You got the lawyer ... . "
tr	NN	The place needed his factory .
tr	NNS	He took her breasts by surprise and she moaned his name out loud .
tr	NN	But Lennox is already at him , kicking his assault rifle like kicking a door open .
tr	NNS	He had taken countless beatings for me , proven his love when he thought I 'd chosen someone else .
tr	NNS	Rico gave a hiss of frustration .
tr	NN	Those brown eyes held her captive .
tr	NN	Marie will have the file . "
tr	NNS	He took several practice swings to make sure that the wound would not affect his swing .
tr	NNS	But it worked wonders for him , and broke the hearts any of the medical staff that happened to overhear .
tr	NNS	I have no illusions that I will ever be safe enough to let someone share my life .
tr	NN	And she kept apologizing , for fuck 's sake .
tr	NNS	She brushed stray hairs from her face .
tr	NNS	Running Deer sprints over to join them , at the very moment both Julia and Jon throw the balls to the ground .
tr	NNS	When Carlene meets Nick Johnson , the single kiss they share awakens the desires she shoved aside for so long .
tr	NN	Preparing his sermon . "
tr	NN	Being back in the hospital where his brother spent his last days made his stomach clench , and a burning inferno invaded his gut .
tr	NNS	Jesus , he could probably pick up some pebbles in the park for her to arrange in her " feng bloody shui " corner .
tr	NN	He avoided the whole trap by moving fast .
tr	NNS	They grabbed three chairs and inspected the bracelets .
tr	NN	She pulled open her blouse and the baby suckled contentedly , and Melissa closed her eyes and leaned back and smiled .
tr	NN	He touched my belly and grinned .
tr	NN	I don 't keep an archive .
tr	NNS	Someone had placed wooden blocks behind and in front of each set of wheels , and the blocks had become overgrown with ivy and thistle .
tr	NNS	He described the arrangements at the Sleeping Buddha .
tr	NN	I 'd also gotten a glimpse into the murdered men themselves .
tr	NN	Iron grips yanked her backwards , pulled her down .
tr	NN	She had brought me a freaking birthday cake .
tr	NN	The Tower needs leadership , and we 're not going to get it from the Hall . "
tr	NNS	Jason and I can get the dishes .
tr	NNS	" Everybody hitch up their packs . "
tr	NN	If the meeting was to be all business , why would they need discretion ?
tr	NN	A few seconds later we heard the door slam .
tr	NN	He could feel his neck tense and his heart beat in his chest .
tr	NNS	He owns several business interests , and a few well-placed individuals . "
tr	NNS	Sebastian bared his fangs savagely .
tr	NN	I shove JJ , who doesn 't budge of course , but it 's the principle of the shove that matters .
tr	NNS	He followed the scents that flooded his nose .
tr	NNS	They pushed their chairs together and snuggled under the covers , talking .
tr	NNS	" I remember the rich scents of the forest just as I reached the ravine .
tr	NNS	Standing a few yards away was a little girl , her head cocked at an impossible angle and dry blood covering her mouth .
tr	NNS	The Devil cannot perform miracles the way God can perform them , but the Devil can change some things to suit his fancy .
tr	NNS	" I don 't know the specifics . "
tr	NN	Bob and I saw an element that the MPT had been missing : namely , the strong human interface .
tr	NN	Clearing my throat I leaned a hip against the counter and crossed my arms over my chest .
tr	NN	I gave her an update on what I had seen in the city .
tr	NN	Regardless , I do have another method of dealing with you , one that you shall likely find quite flattering . "
tr	NNS	I can almost hear the wheels turning in Jet 's head .
tr	NNS	I don 't like our chances ! "
tr	NNS	Roughly , he shoved her thighs apart , wedged his h * ps between them , and bracketed her head with his hands .
tr	NNS	" You have done wonders with the castle .
tr	NN	" Then I 've got a proposition for you .
tr	NN	They had never seen a thicket such as this in the whole of the valley .
tr	NN	I approached cautiously , sword and shield at the ready .
tr	NNS	' Oooh , Raphael brought up the most interesting points in that meeting you forgot to attend . '
tr	NN	Nyx had sent him a lifeline .
tr	NNS	She completed forms and put up with the manager 's oily gushing to Douglas and herself .
tr	NN	How could anyone leave such a precious little gem behind ?
tr	NN	" I don 't even need the chocolate . "
tr	NNS	Artists had set up booths to sell their wares , but a good share of the tables belonged to psychics and Tarot card readers as well .
tr	NN	Frantic , she ripped a red satin table cloth from a nearby table and tied it around her naked body .
tr	NNS	I know all the objections .
tr	NNS	At home she did unsavory chores that ought to have gone extinct with the old days , like rendering lard and chopping the heads off chickens .
tr	NN	Couldn 't grow old on some nothing little apple farm in the middle of nowhere .
tr	NN	" ... see the dew on the sunflower . "
tr	NNS	Just then , she had no defenses ; she 'd been stripped to her soul .
tr	NN	Now I have chosen the possibility of life instead of complacency .
tr	NNS	Why did some women make babies so easily , while others ... She dropped the box of sleeping pills and walked out of the store .
tr	NNS	I swirled the last few drops in my glass .
tr	NNS	With a grunt , I threw off the covers and walked out of the room and down the hall into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	They ate their sandwiches and dropped the baggie on the ground . "
tr	NN	Rand gained their respect .
tr	NN	I don 't know the capacity of yours .
tr	NN	The doctor stopped the bleeding and told your mom you 'll be okay , but some of your recent memories may be affected . "
tr	NN	I sipped the brew and watched the steam march up to the ceiling , voicing my pleasure with a resounding , " Ahh . "
tr	NN	If it 's a problem with raising capital , use my trust fund .
tr	NNS	Next , he checked the other two circuits , called House 1 and House 2 .
tr	NNS	Reece made a few small adjustments to her hair before making her way out to the sitting room .
tr	NNS	If anyone else had done it , she 'd have knocked their blocks off .
tr	NN	I bumped my hip into his .
tr	NNS	And then I took your peanuts . "
tr	NNS	He gathered up his reins and turned his horse to go .
tr	NN	But she felt a bit elated , excited even , knowing that Sergei 's opinion of her had shifted slightly .
tr	NNS	Metal gates cover the shops , and the fountains aren 't flowing .
tr	NNS	I also noticed her colorful outfit , it had golden emeralds and rubies attached to a very weighted armor on her full chest .
tr	NNS	You could be using your skills for material gain and living in wealth .
tr	NN	Garrett , however , wanted some measure of connection between the women in his life and had a quiet way of getting his way .
tr	NNS	" I can 't tell jokes . "
tr	NNS	As they approached , the fog took ghostly forms .
tr	NN	She felt the muscles ripple ever so slightly in Sam 's arm , the most gentle of flexes .
tr	NN	I have my funeral all planned out even .
tr	NN	" Taking a bath .
tr	NNS	The weapon mounts , their housings and the bulkheads of the entire region around the main battery had optic fibers embedded in them .
tr	NNS	" They have fangs and they 're super strong and fast ! "
tr	NNS	I gave directions to the driver and then settled back .
tr	NNS	He eschewed females and wanted no part of them .
tr	NN	It reads " Hey babe what are you doing later . "
tr	NN	Each eye can produce a plant which could grow as many as eight or more potatoes .
tr	NNS	You just paid thirty thousand dollars for a horse no one can ride ! "
tr	NNS	The pair made their way the few hundred yards to the next ship without incident .
tr	NN	" Ya want your fortune ?
tr	NN	I used a compulsion on him , " she whispered , staring at the faint ripples still evident in the water .
tr	NNS	Walking through the main door , they smelled sizzling hamburgers , grilling steaks , and bread baking in the oven .
tr	NNS	I can 't hold all those numbers in my head .
tr	NN	I feigned defiance , but it still made my heart soar to see him like this .
tr	NN	Somewhere along the line , while she was thinking about other things , the programmers had perfected the code .
tr	NN	I could see the blood lust in his eyes and I was petrified .
tr	NN	Thanks to his age and education , Foxy reached the rank of corporal within months .
tr	NNS	We have about a dozen items .
tr	NN	' And what fate is that ? '
tr	NNS	But when you came to a portage , he always carried the most packs . "
tr	NN	The two women deserved respect .
tr	NN	On this day he had experienced more social interaction than he normally got in a week .
tr	NN	" Padre , don 't you ever make an appointment ? "
tr	NN	Alex unscrewed the truck 's gas cap .
tr	NN	Well , you can erase the marriage proposal from your BlackBerry calendar !
tr	NN	When Sara was recovered enough to think , she pondered her great fortune .
tr	NNS	The swordsmen before her withdrew and intrepid archers took up their positions .
tr	NNS	He 's got gauges in his ears and he 's also wearing all black , but that 's normal for him .
tr	NN	Suddenly , he felt something hard slam into his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Stanton made efforts to save his family but he was too late saving only his grandmother whom died not long after whilst living with Scooter in London .
tr	NN	Suzan stuck the orange candle in its own wax on the road , beside the red one .
tr	NNS	Every moment , one 's thoughts , words and deeds create karmic seeds that are stored in the eighth consciousness .
tr	NN	Hold your liquor ! "
tr	NNS	But what she said about me connecting with her rang bits of truth .
tr	NN	She set the probe beneath my belly button .
tr	NNS	He 'd been keeping tabs on me .
tr	NN	I controlled the urge and swallowed .
tr	NNS	Do you own dogs ?
tr	NN	From the first , Istanbul had given him the impression of a town where , with the night , horror creeps out of the stones .
tr	NNS	His strong hands grip my upper thighs as I wrap my legs around his hips .
tr	NN	I jabbed the needle into his arm and pushed the liquid in .
tr	NN	's much too thin , he needs a bath , and he 's never seen a hairbrush . "
tr	NNS	He continued his slow lazy strokes for his incredibly sexy audience of one .
tr	NNS	Vimes had his doubts even about that .
tr	NN	I feel his muscles clench under his t-shirt as we walk .
tr	NN	Chapter 11 Every year , right after the watermelon parade , folks had a big barbecue out at the river .
tr	NNS	" Super powers of deduction . "
tr	NN	Gabriel retained possession , his white teeth very much in evidence .
tr	NN	Not unless the web of Compulsion had been lifted , which would have required a Healing beyond Rand 's skill .
tr	NN	In response , the Keepers of Paradise tossed a handful of heavy snow down on my head .
tr	NN	I don 't cause harm . "
tr	NNS	" Consciously or unconsciously , he sensed the nexus currents here and was drawn to them . "
tr	NNS	Clearly , he doesn 't have your best interests at heart . "
tr	NNS	Please , perform the rites . "
tr	NN	He wore an embroidered cap on his head , matched by a loose robe of gold and red .
tr	NN	rolled across the empty lot and through the cars laminated glass and padded steel frame .
tr	NNS	Bizarrely , all the windows still had their drapes .
tr	NNS	Then I have some conditions of my own . "
tr	NN	The armored men had settled their argument .
tr	NN	And it won 't restore his humanity - it will merely drive him towards a different corner of the night . "
tr	NN	She swished the cleaning cloth over the countertop and tried to ignore the anger and worry making her stomach churn .
tr	NN	The dogs bounded off the sofa and went to the front door , desperate to go outside .
tr	NNS	' Let the boy draw his own conclusions . ' '
tr	NNS	She could still hear Tammy 's giggles from afar and she was not amused .
tr	NNS	More and more people pushed past the cash collection stations into what was quickly becoming a riot .
tr	NN	" Please , " he begged dropping down on one knee to be down near her level , He offered her the bouquet of yellow roses .
tr	NN	Her words had the opposite effect on Stephan than she 'd anticipated .
tr	NN	Some doctor from Chicago gave the opening speech .
tr	NNS	For this project , he needed skills we couldn 't teach him .
tr	NN	" I faced the punishment for it all . "
tr	NNS	The black dwarves fired heedless of the risk of stray bolts .
tr	NNS	Mend your broken hearts , because that 's what 's essential to where we are right now . "
tr	NN	Luckily for Morn , he had learned the failsafe phrase by accident months earlier , after overhearing a private discussion between the Emperor and his engineers .
tr	NNS	There are tear marks on the paper . "
tr	NNS	The guards played musical chairs until one of them was able to hit the fifth elevator floor , leading to the penthouse .
tr	NN	As had the knight .
tr	NN	I have complete faith that Orson has enough incriminating evidence to send me straight to death row , even if I killed him .
tr	NN	Leaning forward , Star snatched up her nail file and began to shorten her claws .
tr	NN	" Nobody has ever planted their seed inside me .
tr	NNS	You can take your chances with Joe if you want to stay out here . "
tr	NNS	Didn 't more people prefer dogs ?
tr	NNS	" Let 's just say that I 'm pretty sure my mom prefers my sisters .
tr	NN	You offered a proposal . "
tr	NN	Logan , you can start painting . "
tr	NNS	The night did its usual tricks - creepy creaking sounds upstairs , wind hissing at the windows , branches tapping .
tr	NN	It has a special article with The First Lady making a wreath out of dried flowers and a glue gun . "
tr	NN	Chase punched his pillow and imagined he could sock Jacob Stone for putting him in this crappy situation .
tr	NN	The instant he thought of water , he sensed the dryness in his throat .
tr	NN	" You don 't have enough faith in us , do you ? "
tr	NNS	It also explained all the supplies for me that Sofie had packed .
tr	NN	Would it ruin the royal effect if I kick off my shoes and go barefoot ?
tr	NN	The bearded hunter understood the hidden meaning .
tr	NNS	He can make al sorts of incredible weapons .
tr	NN	" Can I bring you a cocktail before lunch ? "
tr	NNS	Men have even been shouting Christmas greetings to each side .
tr	NNS	Garrett has just cut off his credit cards .
tr	NNS	Doves represented gods , and immortality .
tr	NNS	" Call your witches from their beds .
tr	NNS	In the last week , I 'd noticed more gradual changes in me .
tr	NNS	" You have your patients , Jan , " he said , " and we have ours . "
tr	NNS	Her blade penetrated three inches into his abdomen .
tr	NNS	The glance she deigned to give me frosted my politeness .
tr	NN	We could eat steak if we wanted to . "
tr	NNS	As far as the young boy which you and your son spend so much time chastising her over , maybe you should read the reports .
tr	NNS	I 've got enough mileage points to get a free trip to Pluto .
tr	NNS	" You guys sisters ?
tr	NN	I heard an anguished moan ; the endlessly slow pull of a bow over the thick strings of an upright bass .
tr	NN	He immediately pulled off his patch and threw his sword behind one of the rows .
tr	NN	Never before had that sight made her feel dread .
tr	NNS	The noble cat rose and followed his lioness , pausing at the door to address his young wards .
tr	NN	With its huge number of attendees , the great Global Gathering had an enormous collection of pictures , but many of which had a recurring face .
tr	NN	He made a quick sweep for more guards .
tr	NN	Sean hid a groan .
tr	NN	I heard his confession .
tr	NNS	" We can put our best Reboots back in the field , even if they were once determined to rebel .
tr	NNS	He 'd already warned her he didn 't like big families .
tr	NN	But the thought of spending the summer with Henry , or at least seeing him before then , made my chest ache in the best way possible .
tr	NNS	She 'd conjured scenarios in which he 'd take her by the hand and introduce her to the beautiful people while showing her the exotic places .
tr	NN	Every other volunteer would drop a chunk of stale bread into the soup .
tr	NN	I 'm calling a truce for the next couple of hours while your mother finishes her surgery .
tr	NNS	As his eyes opened he spotted two figures at his feet pouring something into the ground .
tr	NNS	Teddy contemplated the neat stacks of quarters and piles of dollar bills .
tr	NNS	I found gnaw marks on the bones .
tr	NN	Elayne would feel a responsibility to them , even if they were not of her own people .
tr	NNS	People just don 't believe in us gods and goddesses like they did in the old days .
tr	NN	" Say an hour maximum , each time . "
tr	NNS	He 'd been given very few breaks in his life , and now the one thing he cared for was at risk .
tr	NNS	Both towns have multiple traffic cameras .
tr	NNS	I 'd have fewer inhibitions .
tr	NNS	She wore black breeches , black shirt , and high black boots .
tr	NNS	Duncan took the stares of his men and some of the jibes as he marched past them all .
tr	NNS	Her bare skin showed marks that hadn 't been there before , and he followed her , cursing his own roughness .
tr	NN	He brought the iron instrument of death down upon Nicholas ' head .
tr	NN	He cursed and fought the urge to punch the wall .
tr	NNS	" You also ate red pencils fairly regularly , according to Cami ! "
tr	NN	When she revealed her big news , Jasmine let out a whoop .
tr	NNS	She turned over the items you found on Camelback Mountain - a shawl and doll picture - but she wasn 't happy about it . "
tr	NN	Jacob was finishing off a pear and smiled up at me through a full mouth .
tr	NNS	She sat the wood blocks on the counter and looked up to meet his gaze .
tr	NNS	I ignored my better instincts .
tr	NNS	Savanna didn 't take long breaks in between pushes and the more she did it , the more exhausted she was becoming .
tr	NN	The light behind her caused a halo to form around her dark hair , highlighting the honey richness hidden within the darker tresses .
tr	NNS	And I 've picked apples from coast to coast . "
tr	NNS	Still , watching my team pull bats and catching equipment and helmets out of the shed nearly brings me to tears .
tr	NNS	The skyline looked funny with the alternating short and tall buildings , and I felt disoriented when looking down at the glass floor .
tr	NN	She barely controlled her flinch .
tr	NN	She snatched her caster from her desk , and frantically tried to place a call .
tr	NN	She set her napkin by her crystal dish , smoothing wrinkles on the linen tablecloth .
tr	NN	Then he gave me a squeeze and muttered , " Okay , Circe .
tr	NNS	Perhaps he 'd even poisoned my sons against me , too .
tr	NN	Once he found Vanessa , he 'd give her a lesson she 'd never forget .
tr	NNS	I had seen visions of a place where the land was made of gold and yet it was more of the same -- only worse !
tr	NN	He leaned his tall frame toward me and I leaned my short one back .
tr	NN	When your body is part machine , you can 't ignore technology .
tr	NN	John shoved Link to the side .
tr	NN	Max let out a harsh groan and sagged almost completely to the ground , and Tavi was abruptly free of the stone .
tr	NNS	He smelt oranges and spices .
tr	NNS	He hung buffalo hides from the ceiling to form enclosures to contain the heat from his fires .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of herself in the rear view mirror and winced .
tr	NN	Money had the potential to change things .
tr	NNS	" And spread your filthy diseases by wandering around our planet . "
tr	NN	And this time he would have the visage and bodily frame , if not the inner organs , of a human being .
tr	NN	Go join your squad for now ; I 'll probably have to detach you for guarding the prisoners later .
tr	NNS	It would take a dozen crew members at least .
tr	NNS	It was representing two human figures of indeterminate gender .
tr	NNS	Sucking in a breath , I took in the obvious wetness coating her pink folds .
tr	NNS	We could make millions ! "
tr	NN	He set her hairbrush and his newspaper in one of two remaining empty chairs .
tr	NN	He 's taken all the credit for the financial turnaround in our division .
tr	NN	Oh damn , I could feel my face heating up all over again .
tr	NNS	I arched my pelvis against his chest , urging him lower , pleading for his attention on my sex .
tr	NN	His friends had surrounded the trio .
tr	NN	He felt a bolt of fear , quickly squashed .
tr	NNS	" One thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	She had used her powers to win .
tr	NNS	As a wraith , you have powers beyond .
tr	NN	Probably not an option for her , either , so even if she does wonder , I know I can 't tell her .
tr	NN	He tossed aside the towel he 'd been using to dry his hair and then seemed to realize she was looking at him .
tr	NN	Almost all college admissions dissected a student 's achievement into grades and test scores .
tr	NNS	I pulled down some plates and absently watched him with Maddie as he looked at her throat and felt her tummy , causing her to softly giggle .
tr	NN	That knowledge made her tremble inside .
tr	NNS	He made valid points .
tr	NNS	Splashes of ultramarine blue , flat areas of yellow ochre , and slashes of black paint defined some forms and obscured others .
tr	NN	' Not half as illegal as bumping off a copper .
tr	NNS	In fact , they have unlimited funds to fight these cases with . "
tr	NN	He ran a ringer around his shirt collar .
tr	NN	We only need camouflage .
tr	NN	Anyone talking gets my boot up their backside .
tr	NNS	They emptied the trays of remaining food and then stacked them neatly on a nearby cart .
tr	NNS	I topped the covers with towels , but the royals lost interest and moved to my desk .
tr	NNS	" I like human females .
tr	NNS	The sand muffled the dwarf 's footfalls .
tr	NNS	You overestimate my skills . "
tr	NNS	She could make out several different varieties of plants by the leaves : pumpkin , cucumber , squash .
tr	NNS	There , a tall tower with massive iron wheels held wires that led down into the fug .
tr	NNS	We ran down two more corridors , including the one where I 'd paused earlier to unbolt the door .
tr	NN	Other theories include environmental disaster , epidemic disease , and climate change .
tr	NNS	" They were offered positions at Travel , Inc. .
tr	NN	He gave Garstang a pat on the shoulder which jolted the old boy forward by about eighteen inches before he turned his attention to Miss Moseley .
tr	NN	He banged his gauntlet against the wooden portion of the wagon , taunting the prisoners within .
tr	NN	Someone among the massed legions began a chant that soon spread .
tr	NN	I returned the favor .
tr	NNS	Forget the bats . "
tr	NNS	" I didn 't pick up any diseases from my ex . "
tr	NN	" Over these moons , you will learn all manner of weapons , all manner of skills .
tr	NN	This child had apparently staged a mutiny of the playground and cut a sandy swath of startled children in his wake .
tr	NN	I scoop some ice cream onto my spoon and put it in my mouth .
tr	NN	Raven approached up the hill .
tr	NN	He sent your file earlier today .
tr	NN	This required direct intervention .
tr	NN	Eventually I forced back the lump in my throat and forced myself to make the best of the situation .
tr	NN	At the very least , you have set your alarm clock .
tr	NNS	Chris had shrugged her niceties off .
tr	NNS	Ruben points out some drag queens and Cora causes some ... wardrobe malfunctions .
tr	NNS	As a matter of fact , he drew nearer , and there wasn 't much nearer to go .
tr	NN	I asked the bartender .
tr	NN	I was wearing a pale pink cotton nightgown that fell to my knees and had a wide v-neck and short sleeves .
tr	NN	Paul gave her hand a squeeze as they walked back in .
tr	NNS	Noah shrugged off the taunts .
tr	NN	I could never pull off an outfit like that .
tr	NN	I would have given anything for a clock or even a glimpse of the sun .
tr	NN	The shock did bring with it a sudden realisation ; I loved Dee Conrad and would give my life to get her back .
tr	NNS	She heard her sisters crying beside her and blindly reached over and took both of their hands .
tr	NN	I took a wad of cash out of my pocket and held it out , waving it around just out of reach .
tr	NNS	The figure picked up the reins .
tr	NNS	" We are faithfully applying the teachings of the Messiah .
tr	NNS	Or had guilt lowered his mind 's defenses ?
tr	NNS	I can see cigarette butts glowing , and flickers of oil lamps as men leave the dugouts to see what 's happening .
tr	NN	" I counted a dozen like the one outside on the bluff and other kinds of smaller craft too .
tr	NNS	" So what grade are you both in ?
tr	NN	He wedged a talisman to hold the space open , but had only given himself an inch .
tr	NNS	I felt my insides shaking with excitement , knowing this was going to be an exciting 30-day adventure .
tr	NN	Levana made the announcement to the people from the palace 's broadcast center .
tr	NN	Bennett took his nephew from Taylor 's arms and circled the room .
tr	NN	" Yes , I 'll carry the tag . "
tr	NNS	Then Reese admired my eyelashes .
tr	NN	She gulped down a mouthful and carefully wiped her lips with a paper napkin .
tr	NNS	He 'd also taught her the skills to research things carefully - to evaluate the pros and cons .
tr	NNS	He 'd racked his brains through the night and couldn 't come up with anything more than he 'd told the boss initially .
tr	NNS	Had Amma ever mentioned her sisters and brothers ?
tr	NN	Just like the owner .
tr	NN	I ordered fish , something I rarely had when it wasn 't fried anymore .
tr	NNS	Then , she pulled out some old photographs of Dana and all her friends .
tr	NN	Kane felt his own beard , yearning to sport his mustache again .
tr	NNS	Pleased with himself , he heads over to one of the large rocks next to the stream that pools into the pond and climbs up on it .
tr	NN	She turned the topic back to him .
tr	NN	Isabella whisked up the nightgown , careful to hold it so that the customer could not see the mythical spot .
tr	NN	It ensures a higher ranking for them . "
tr	NNS	" I 've got a compass that tells us what we already know -- we 're headed south .
tr	NNS	Today I train twenty students at a time , and some of them learn faster than others .
tr	NN	" I 'm leading this raid .
tr	NNS	Across the food court , Jimmy and Josie balanced their trays carefully as they walked back to Mark .
tr	NN	Tony turns down the stereo but does not take his eyes from the road .
tr	NN	She unbuttoned his vest with nimble fingers , parting the edges to run her hands down the length of his tie .
tr	NN	Still , till the end , would rather have a burger at McDonald 's than a filet mignon at one of the French eateries downtown .
tr	NNS	Even to me he looked clueless .
tr	NNS	He waved away her attempts to speak with an impatient hand .
tr	NN	A chill ran down Ash 's spine at the sound .
tr	NNS	I could feel tiny drops of sweat seeping out from my armpits .
tr	NN	Don 't make our eventual parting any worse for me .
tr	NNS	I saw the old saints ; I heard the hymns that had broken my heart .
tr	NN	" Thank you , your majesty .
tr	NNS	It bore handicapped plates and had been retrofitted with a wheelchair lift in the back .
tr	NN	But she radiates that quality of frailty .
tr	NN	When fire left my belly .
tr	NNS	You have the necessary contacts in Europe , do you not ? "
tr	NN	" I want a bath and a bed .
tr	NNS	I eat lavish meals every day , and even if I wouldn 't admit it , I know that in the countryside , some Englishmen are starving .
tr	NN	When he wanted to , he could portray a tyrant , and he was doing just that .
tr	NN	He knew the drill .
tr	NN	" I overheard your argument with my son at the chamber of commerce banquet . "
tr	NN	He caught a tantalizing glimpse of her standing very still , poised to flee but not yet giving in to the fear .
tr	NNS	She 's always got classes going and she 's starting a new one for a prayer shawl . "
tr	NNS	It matched the spasms reverberating within her , his climax thundering through her loins with powerful , rhythmic vibrations .
tr	NN	We find our jump location only a couple of houses down .
tr	NN	Recording him going in would prevent any argument that the guns were on site , and that the destruction had simply been delayed .
tr	NN	" Deacon , I can call an apple a pear , but at the end of the day it 's still an apple .
tr	NNS	Share your troubles with me , and I will help you carry them .
tr	NNS	" Make arrangements for the jet to fly his brothers to Oklahoma City .
tr	NNS	Something is setting off his cop instincts .
tr	NN	I 'll wear your favorite lingerie .
tr	NNS	" I carry twins . "
tr	NN	Lancelot accepted the duty .
tr	NN	I question his loyalty at times . "
tr	NNS	Shivers were sent up the spines of many in the procession , but they knew the jackals couldn 't help being what they were .
tr	NNS	I was mostly making noncommittal little noises from the back of my throat while I smiled serenely at the questioners .
tr	NNS	" Well as with any job I take the basics very seriously indeed .
tr	NN	They took each other desperately , feeding as if starved , loving as if this would be their last time together .
tr	NNS	Like when you disabled the cameras in the lab ? "
tr	NN	Again , he traced the patch of inked skin on her hip .
tr	NNS	" I have high expectations . "
tr	NN	Here he had a tankard of ale and a pie .
tr	NN	Instead of clouds I saw an inky void , chequered with small , blinking stars .
tr	NNS	It snapped its jaws at him but the hunter kept out of range .
tr	NN	He fought the depression , and instead of sulking , he took charge of the house chores and everything .
tr	NN	The Akers family were already sitting down drinking juice and waiting for the main course to arrive , enjoying the crisp , salt air .
tr	NN	I saw his finger twitch on the trigger , and I was pretty sure I was going to die .
tr	NNS	You could call the drops that leaked down his pink cheeks tears of despair ; Edward had no name for them .
tr	NNS	If you choose to attack me , I 'll build fires in your own personal bellies .
tr	NN	He picked up the pillow Soul had slept on and fluffed it then returned it to the head of the bed .
tr	NN	Bishop grunted his disagreement and placed a third case on top of the stack .
tr	NN	Each of the cages had a large eyeball inside it that appeared to be searching for a way out .
tr	NN	She tossed the umbrella into the backseat and quickly jumped out into the rain .
tr	NN	The coach gave a cruel smirk .
tr	NNS	They knew each other 's strengths and weaknesses , and were there when each received his Tasks and gained his Traits .
tr	NN	Thank god for those extra pounds after Emma .
tr	NNS	She sometimes still has nightmares and if I surprise her in her sleep , it could upset her .
tr	NNS	And because he was the High Lord , he honored those requests .
tr	NN	" You did repeat yourself , Your Lordship . "
tr	NN	As a whole , the flowers created a gorgeous , almost surreal landscape .
tr	NN	She doesn 't need my protection .
tr	NN	Mr. Winchester stirs his cocktail .
tr	NN	Set up a curfew for citizens and even evacuated some towns closer to the Pass .
tr	NNS	" But everyone has their difficulties ... I 've already discussed this with each of you .
tr	NNS	Did her redhead complexion spread freckles in other places ?
tr	NN	I felt another sharp pang .
tr	NNS	Reacher gave him his seven bucks and tipped him a dollar .
tr	NNS	I will tell tales of the cowardly king and how the band of the fox overthrew King Richard and brought hope to the people .
tr	NN	" Get outta here .
tr	NNS	I had hidden my loneliness for so long that I had forgotten what it was like to feel longing .
tr	NNS	Back when they thought they were dealing with something simple , like terrorists .
tr	NN	After doing who knew what with the idiot who tried to kill me , he was assigned house duty here with Avalon .
tr	NNS	They all had crowns and thrones , though .
tr	NN	A fat red dot marks my location on the electronic map on the glasses .
tr	NN	I hadn 't asked her advice because I already knew what Margaret 's response would be .
tr	NNS	If anyone else was interested , he 'd entertain other offers .
tr	NN	She heard Grady groan , and she knew it wasn 't from pain .
tr	NN	Robert had that effect on people .
tr	NNS	He changed the settings and moved to his position .
tr	NNS	Play your cards right and I 'll have you in a cell right next to your little boyfriend ! "
tr	NN	The hungry torrent of light dismantles the sphere of ice and rubble almost immediately , forcing Less to hang on for dear life .
tr	NNS	Anne pulled the items out , examining each in turn .
tr	NN	" Funny , I watched Andrew climb into that fighter at least a hundred times , and I never gave the left-side thing a thought . "
tr	NN	I 've maintained ... a measure of communication with them . "
tr	NNS	Eventually , Derek threw his two remaining cards on the table .
tr	NN	He 'd seen proof on TV .
tr	NN	Bring back the mare with whatever saddlebags will be on her , and you will have done a great service to the Presidente .
tr	NN	Brandi has a big muffin in her hand as she walks out of the kitchen .
tr	NNS	When there was nothing left but crumbs she shoved the paper plates and empty bottle into the bucket .
tr	NNS	He 'd converted his last Kiwi dollars into American ones at Auckland so carried enough funds to survive .
tr	NN	She straightened her spine , held her shoulders back , and approached the school .
tr	NN	He took a wide sidestep to the next cube on his left .
tr	NNS	Then he sank the eleven in the side and set himself up for the fifteen .
tr	NNS	We removed our helmets , and he hung one on each mirror .
tr	NNS	I read the diaries of the captains in the African slave trade , some of them dating to the Seventeenth Century .
tr	NN	All because I had no faith .
tr	NNS	Satellites use two defenses .
tr	NNS	" You 've got the passwords for next month , right , Drew ? "
tr	NN	She 'd never liked Sal 's security chief .
tr	NNS	She read a few more miracles of the Eucharist .
tr	NNS	" Your father unfortunately read too much into your ... remarks .
tr	NNS	" Unload your packs on the side of the trail .
tr	NNS	We played a few local gigs , bars where we 'd gotten our start a few years prior .
tr	NN	He realized a second afterward what was going to happen and began to move .
tr	NNS	We walked into the reservation and down the dirt roads toward the front gate .
tr	NN	In the short time she 'd been here , Colette had made a positive impression on everyone she met .
tr	NNS	As far as I could tell , the man had no moral compass .
tr	NNS	That kid 's issues have issues .
tr	NN	" Didn 't I give you enough ice cream ? "
tr	NNS	Once she 'd stopped trembling , she retrieved two dinner plates and set them on the dining room table .
tr	NN	And if the Jolly Roger sails against the red , give ye no quarter , because ye can expect none .
tr	NN	To rule the galaxy with me ? "
tr	NNS	He followed the corridors he had taken the last time he came here .
tr	NN	As I read the titles , a shiver ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	Open the stores of food kept at the castle and create a feast that the gods will approve of .
tr	NN	We cover another block , and the sirens begin .
tr	NNS	Wander around the halls of this giant chateau and pretend that everything was fine ?
tr	NNS	He put both items in my hands .
tr	NNS	Thick carpets muffled her footfalls as she strode to the mahogany desk near the bay window .
tr	NNS	You just didn 't turn down clients like them .
tr	NN	Lately they 've been operating non-stop .
tr	NN	He couldn 't find the corkscrew , so he settled on his teeth .
tr	NN	Her husband stirred , a slight rippling of muscles , a suggestion of danger .
tr	NN	I threw my ruined blouse in the trashcan and quickly shed the rest of my clothes , pulling on shorts and a t-shirt .
tr	NNS	" I don 't like airplanes .
tr	NNS	Burned all its libraries .
tr	NN	" Only that he can do much harm without necessarily intending it .
tr	NNS	The projected map now showed additional stations , or ships , around the planets .
tr	NNS	" I did have suspicions about her , for a time , but I never told anyone except you . "
tr	NNS	She should have had no expectations about her relationship with me . "
tr	NNS	Looking down at all of them , she saw all the markings she 'd made during the night .
tr	NN	" Some say fate .
tr	NNS	Her Informer blinked low battery signals at her , then died altogether .
tr	NNS	I handed him several stacks of money .
tr	NN	He heard a scratching at the door to the kitchen and a muffled yip .
tr	NNS	They had bought these plots next to each other before they divorced , and with the sudden nature of their deaths that never got changed .
tr	NN	Kicking the groin , bringing a knee up to the groin , punching the groin .
tr	NNS	Her gaze drops to her hands .
tr	NNS	He 'd made some changes to the design that had buzzed around his brain .
tr	NN	It would not see the trench .
tr	NN	But we all knew our goal . "
tr	NN	" You shouldn 't eat so much crap . "
tr	NN	" As I said , Sofia has obviously taken a liking to him .
tr	NNS	We have our scholars .
tr	NNS	We received curious stares for our troubles , but no one stopped us .
tr	NN	Could he handle independence and no structure without me there ?
tr	NNS	Linda was conjuring up ghosts that did more than haunt Josie .
tr	NNS	In a matter of minutes they had four sandwiches , a bag of kettle chips , and plastic bottles of soda on the kitchen table .
tr	NNS	" On the average we make two hundred million cats per day .
tr	NNS	I 've called my sisters a lot of things , but never newest .
tr	NN	His deft fingers pushed the material of her silk panties aside and dove between her lower lips .
tr	NNS	I had only two concepts for parents : Gone , and Wish You Were Dead .
tr	NNS	" And I heard those shots .
tr	NNS	Forever means unlimited opportunities to get things right .
tr	NN	Yet , as I casually waited in line for my white chocolate mocha , I sensed nothing immortal .
tr	NN	Jeremiah glared down the hill as I looked away , blinking back tears .
tr	NNS	I got out two plates and a bowl of mixed fruit .
tr	NN	Suddenly she reaches out to hug me , a quick squeeze before pulling back and nodding toward the door .
tr	NN	Made sure I didn 't break my spine .
tr	NN	The control let out an empty blip .
tr	NNS	- he collects brains of composers .
tr	NNS	They beach their canoes and discuss what to do .
tr	NN	Somewhere nearby a propped up instrument shifted with a resounding thunk and both boys jumped , spinning to see the danger .
tr	NN	As senior clerk , he also did the weekly tally which he then passed to the bank manager .
tr	NNS	My dad harvested the crops in the summer , plowing the fields and supervising the land .
tr	NNS	Give me the contracts or she goes to jail forever ! "
tr	NNS	They had blood stains on them but he didn 't seem to care .
tr	NN	Does it cause any permanent harm ? "
tr	NN	The stewardess even remembered the slimy git hitting on her .
tr	NN	As Susan cautiously approached she heard the rattle of cutlery on a plate .
tr	NN	Who wasn 't pulling double and triple duty these days ?
tr	NN	Mr. Stone slipped the coiled rope from my hands and placed it on the carpet beside him .
tr	NNS	Through the hut doorway , Sarah watched drops of rain fall from the edge of the roof .
tr	NNS	" You can have a few bites of mine . "
tr	NN	I toss the red flag over my shoulder .
tr	NNS	" You mean condoms ? "
tr	NN	He picked up his napkin and dabbed at his mouth .
tr	NNS	We sang the lyrics to each other , letting the impact of their words sink into our hearts .
tr	NN	" If I 'm going to be treated like hired help instead of family , I should at least get a wage for the labor . "
tr	NNS	They would have had doubts about the wisdom of going to Renaissance . "
tr	NN	Ahead , I saw the yellow open cage of the elevator .
tr	NN	Chris bit his knuckle .
tr	NNS	The female falls backwards and lands on her back .
tr	NNS	We could both lose our positions here . "
tr	NN	That chance is remote , his appearance at our party would be like winning the lottery .
tr	NN	" Does he have a shutdown code ? "
tr	NNS	I give him a thumbs up .
tr	NN	I tapped my finger impatiently on the table .
tr	NNS	Now we get only a couple coins a week from the blankets I weave and mother spends her time either gathering food or selling what I make .
tr	NNS	I had a few suspicions at that point .
tr	NNS	I pour out two cups and pass him one .
tr	NNS	With two lines in the water , he doubled his chances of scoring breakfast .
tr	NN	She 'd refused his proposal , but she still hadn 't taken off the ring he 'd given her .
tr	NN	" Grab a magazine and point to your goddamn picture . "
tr	NN	And in the distant reaches of his mind , he heard the echo of Victor 's voice : There is more .
tr	NN	His dark mat of hair , coupled with his squared off glasses gives him a comical quality I can 't quite pinpoint .
tr	NN	He was taking another oath .
tr	NNS	Because of pride or lust or envy or all three , she would stop Adonis from having the afterlife he deserved , and I hated her .
tr	NNS	Both of us had our issues , issues that no one else understood .
tr	NN	" They need all the name brand B-School types for their IPO 's .
tr	NN	They had a limited range , but Zane could still hear the others after they all went their separate ways .
tr	NNS	Both women were still wearing their entire space suits , and Penny pulled out a radiation detector and swept it around VIN .
tr	NNS	" Magic does have its benefits . "
tr	NN	She whipped a machine pistol out of her bag and cocked it expertly .
tr	NNS	" To match that legend , they might have hidden their most important and significant artifacts near water .
tr	NNS	Wherever they touched , her nerve endings came alive , sending crazy , rioting signals up her spine .
tr	NNS	" Yet science even now cannot deny or verify the tales of The Time Before the Moon .
tr	NN	She needed a bath , but that would have to wait a bit .
tr	NN	He let his halo fall , welcoming the bitter cold and pounding wind against his flesh .
tr	NNS	He stopped breathless , his words all tangled up as he tried to explain .
tr	NNS	In all , we earn around five hundred dollars a day and caught around seven hours of sleep .
tr	NN	Sheen gripped the butt of the rifle and lifted it over his head .
tr	NN	She did not inflict any further verbal punishment on him .
tr	NN	At least her voice could register a protest , even though the rest of her was playing traitor to any sense of right or propriety .
tr	NN	I spotted a candle on a low hanging limb , its orange flame dancing weakly in the shadows .
tr	NNS	Two thousand dollars . '
tr	NN	" Of course she had a style .
tr	NN	" I suppose " " Why , shouldn 't you issue forth some manner of challenge ?
tr	NNS	We could have made some other arrangements . "
tr	NN	First off : Each vehicle had a bench for passengers .
tr	NNS	" Could you ... " She batted her eyelashes at him quite prettily .
tr	NN	" You 're going to help us out , " I laid more compulsion .
tr	NNS	She kisses the saints on her bracelet .
tr	NNS	Later we would be given more active assignments .
tr	NNS	Maybe you should trust her instincts with Jeremy . "
tr	NNS	All three lifeboats shuttled workers down from the Domingo .
tr	NN	" You don 't give a flying fuck about your life ? "
tr	NN	His voice had a rumbling quality to it that was deepened by his sleep .
tr	NN	In a blink of an eye , she grabbed a porcelain vase behind her and threw it at the large man .
tr	NN	He saw a flat desert with meager mountains in the far distance .
tr	NN	He had chosen duty to his people , the one thing she understood .
tr	NN	She swallowed the lump that wanted to choke her .
tr	NNS	They received record numbers of complaints and order cancellations every day .
tr	NNS	The dead tell no tales . "
tr	NN	He used the juice from sand beetles , as ink , although it did smell rather bad .
tr	NN	She narrowed his location to the west wing of the mansion , specifically its southern tower .
tr	NNS	Anon had expected more lies , half-truths and schemes from the mouth of the Dead God , certainly not truth .
tr	NN	With regret , she relegated the outfit to the back of her closet along with the rest of her retro wear .
tr	NNS	We 'll throw back a few beers .
tr	NNS	She had gathered items for him , that she wanted him to have .
tr	NNS	From doing chores as a kid to driving as a teenager .
tr	NN	Losing your virginity ? "
tr	NN	Later , in what seemed like a lifetime , Animal Control pulled the snake from her living room .
tr	NN	" What the devil are you doing in my mother 's house ? "
tr	NNS	Or had I just broken the last fragments of our bond ?
tr	NN	He dug his fork into the potato salad again and paused .
tr	NN	" Stop swearing at me ! "
tr	NNS	" Not if they don 't find any drugs in the car . "
tr	NNS	They kept their pranks going and they were never caught .
tr	NNS	He watched the clouds until he heard Alma 's motherly whisper .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to peek when I heard his deliberate footfalls come my way .
tr	NNS	I swear the ink burns , scorching hot , my whole body igniting .
tr	NNS	He ground his pelvis into hers .
tr	NNS	We left our cups and left Thomas the Clairvoyant behind .
tr	NNS	I approved a few campaigns for Harry Scott , sent on a couple of invoices and got all the work out of my head .
tr	NNS	" Maybe she somehow kept the powers of Chu 's weapon .
tr	NN	I could stand trial for murder . "
tr	NNS	I almost requested some cotton balls for my ears , but didn 't think I had time .
tr	NNS	The couple exchanged plain bands at the betrothal .
tr	NNS	I could see the whites of his eyes as they rolled up into his head and pink foam dribbled out of his mouth .
tr	NN	" Which dorm do you live in ? "
tr	NN	I 'd pretty much delivered my speech without taking a breath and now paused for some oxygen .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't see the dogs , though , and the bristling calico 's attention seemed to be on the screen door , not the floor .
tr	NNS	They had bake sales too .
tr	NN	He unlocked the padlock on the door and then the dead bolt , and he stepped inside .
tr	NNS	She , like Holiday , still held doubts that Natasha and Liam were really alive .
tr	NN	" May I use your restroom ? "
tr	NN	Perhaps you 've lost a bid for the Nobel Prize in Physics and disappointed your parents .
tr	NN	No more argument . '
tr	NN	I 'm writing an article . "
tr	NN	But then she saw where Kat looked , " Oh , the green-eyed hottie from class .
tr	NNS	Madeline had learned a few techniques guaranteed to erase the frown from his face like the one currently deepening the worry lines on his forehead .
tr	NN	" And so I 'm returning the favor .
tr	NNS	I can 't give up all my tricks yet . "
tr	NNS	Her voice did not reveal her rising territorial instincts .
tr	NN	He 'd seek revenge on those who 'd killed his mother , those who were supposed to be his family .
tr	NNS	Ethan had framed this evening 's activities as an exorcism .
tr	NN	I hear her intake of breath , and if I wasn 't hard enough from just having her lying next to me , I am now .
tr	NNS	I focused my powers .
tr	NN	Ahead of them , Damen spied a boutique for infants .
tr	NN	After all , many of these men never left the wire .
tr	NN	I have no obligation to side with you !
tr	NN	That might change his tune .
tr	NNS	Ruthless desire dictated his actions .
tr	NN	I took his letter opener and sliced it up and then put it on him .
tr	NN	Did he need rescuing ?
tr	NN	She put the pen down very precisely using both fingers .
tr	NNS	The boss walked the few dozen yards out of the woods and into the open area of the strip .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , indeed , she left marks in writing on the barks of the trees or cut in stone that guided me and instigated my fury .
tr	NN	The sweet violence of his kiss had wreaked havoc on her body , her soul , and her heart .
tr	NN	If we made the two point conversion we would only need a field goal to win .
tr	NN	Bending down he yanked open a narrow drawer and pulled out a manila folder .
tr	NNS	The yacht was making a comfortable twelve knots .
tr	NNS	After only a moment he looked away and said , " I just got some scratches from the bushes outside when I went out to pee . "
tr	NN	Get a basket ; come with me .
tr	NN	Six Colin bit back an oath .
tr	NNS	" And it doesn 't have wine racks . "
tr	NN	Have you called the owner yet ? "
tr	NN	Bader initiates the VPN circuit , his encrypted virtual private network .
tr	NNS	" Man , he had balls to do that .
tr	NN	Whoever had ordered this had spent a fortune .
tr	NNS	Collected business cards and talked about his quote research there too , when you know he 's going to be after them for business . "
tr	NNS	Both groups entered their target areas and set about completing the job they had rigorously planned .
tr	NN	He grabbed the slime and dipped a finger in and tasted it .
tr	NN	It beats the ole , ' I had to bail my boy out of jail again . '
tr	NN	I couldn 't imagine digging through the boxes of evidence for my mother 's murder with her standing over me .
tr	NNS	I felt his movements behind me , full of his old grace .
tr	NN	Do not allow fury to swamp you .
tr	NN	I mean the diner .
tr	NN	Lucan caught the meaning in Tegan 's knowing stare and in the statement that hung over the room like a funeral shroud .
tr	NN	" Momma , I want pizza . "
tr	NNS	I 've got meetings with some guys in St. Lucy to talk about manufacturing , but we can reschedule that .
tr	NN	They would be taking effect soon , making him drowsy .
tr	NNS	We have meetings scheduled for the rest of the afternoon . "
tr	NNS	He stopped inches from her face , his rapid breathing whipped across her skin .
tr	NNS	" You don 't have fangs . "
tr	NNS	We saw ships out there , but they didn 't look all that seaworthy to me .
tr	NNS	My Mom doesn 't make a million dollars a year .
tr	NNS	" You had troubles getting the blood ? "
tr	NNS	" Just some quantum physics , with a little speculation .
tr	NNS	" Oh , we do not use wires .
tr	NNS	She drank pints in the local pubs , which women didn 't usually do .
tr	NN	I saw the second realization set in .
tr	NN	But Linda , though only a little younger than his mother , looked the epitome of the all American girl .
tr	NNS	As Dallas read different pages of the book , he would write down page numbers .
tr	NNS	The way his lips taste sweet , and his breath warm under the cold , sparked my senses .
tr	NN	When you gather that moral awareness into your scientific inquiry , you get a different range of results .
tr	NNS	Activate all the systems .
tr	NN	" Kyra 's got an imagination that would put Walt Disney to shame . "
tr	NN	It had a hand carved , four-poster bed , with deep violet velvet bedding .
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths and then sat back down .
tr	NN	" You have no proof . "
tr	NNS	' Now , when we take up the phalanx formation we overlap our shields to put a solid wall to the front .
tr	NNS	Maybe some spots had different mineral counts than others .
tr	NNS	" You 've got your basics with a sword .
tr	NNS	Jacy remembered gold bathroom fixtures , and verdant tropical plants throughout , giving the building a lush , vibrant atmosphere .
tr	NN	But she wouldn 't ask the dragon for any money .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers up like a child expecting the bogeyman .
tr	NNS	Nothing at all , she thought dimly .
tr	NNS	I put my efforts into rubbing her neck and shoulders until she was a limp puddle on my aching lap .
tr	NNS	Frowning , he hooked his thumbs in his pockets .
tr	NN	Behind them three trucks had launched off the pavement and were running hard to catch them .
tr	NN	It was a long-range vessel , he had reminded the admiral .
tr	NNS	" Maybe John gets panicked and lunges for it to knock it away .
tr	NN	Claire heard a range of accents , American , Irish , at least one that sounded Japanese .
tr	NNS	She counted her breaths in and out , and only when the room 's temperature dropped did she try to get up again .
tr	NN	I could see every tiny detail of the iris .
tr	NNS	Dropping her head , she took deep breaths , bringing her heart rate back down to something approaching normal .
tr	NN	I 'd need a positive ID but he 's right at the top of my suspect list . "
tr	NNS	We also have ties to some other shipping companies to get your products across the country quickly .
tr	NN	He popped a a cracker into his mouth and winked .
tr	NN	We must set a good example . "
tr	NN	I walked down the gangplank , across the boardwalk , and into the parking lot .
tr	NNS	" Explain these unusual terms . "
tr	NNS	He might have his own issues , but he definitely had my back .
tr	NN	Tally brandished the razor in warning -- ' Your guardian angel again , by the looks of it .
tr	NN	said the oh god .
tr	NN	In the waning twilight , he looked up the great spire and spotted the reflection of the one before the mirror .
tr	NN	Linda 's shoulders raised playfully , a coquette 's apology .
tr	NNS	Yes , their relationship had lasted centuries , but it wasn 't love that kept them together .
tr	NNS	She collected the dishes while Phoebe offered help and scurried out of the dining room behind Sibyl .
tr	NN	" If I had made it , we would be eating pizza . "
tr	NN	Tumbling and lost , he caught a glimpse of calm land rising above the flood .
tr	NN	Is that young cowboy still making your heart patter ?
tr	NN	He picked up his fork and took a bite .
tr	NN	" Who gave you the toaster ? "
tr	NNS	A blue flame dashed the ground inches from his feet , scattering rocks .
tr	NN	asked the knight , advancing .
tr	NNS	They were both consenting adults but it wasn 't seemly , especially not the first night she 'd met his family .
tr	NN	Now he spent more time ruling from his office than a tent in the jungle .
tr	NNS	She respected his abilities as a warrior .
tr	NN	Lyn began pacing back and forth continuing on , " I still hate to talk about it , because of how it turned out .
tr	NN	Well , not literally , thank goodness , but it meant I had to see you settled down and happy before I passed on .
tr	NNS	These were guarded national treasures as symbols of the elites ' power structure .
tr	NNS	Relief flooded her senses , as she had done her duty and found help .
tr	NNS	He had the senses of a hawk .
tr	NNS	" And you lead the meetings ? "
tr	NN	Father Tomas shifted his weight uncomfortably in his chair .
tr	NNS	They drew spirals in the Emptiness , And came together as One Flower .
tr	NN	His eyes held both admiration and desperation .
tr	NN	So much so , it put an ache in Corinne 's heart .
tr	NNS	In one bound it cleared the ten yards between us and landed on the rock directly in front of me .
tr	NN	With that , he blows his horn and is on his way .
tr	NNS	For this meeting , they 'd pulled the chairs in front of Sylvia 's desk .
tr	NNS	Rachel heard a hiss and felt gel being injected into the suit .
tr	NNS	Two small missiles with armor piercing tips shot though the tubes .
tr	NN	At once he felt peace stealing into him , deep within his tortured soul .
tr	NN	At once need slammed into Gabriel so hard it shook his entire frame so that he trembled with urgent desire .
tr	NNS	The bartender placed beers down in front of them all before rushing behind the bar and turning on the TV .
tr	NN	He rubbed my cl * t as he fingered me , probing me .
tr	NN	The Neutral Zone Federation promised a safe haven for families wanting to escape the Civil War , but Denver was constantly patrolled by the Federation Military .
tr	NNS	Quietly , he tucked away their items and donned his pack .
tr	NN	Someone would notice this spectacle soon , if they hadn 't already .
tr	NNS	A number of villagers were laboriously sawing boards from logs lying atop crude trestles .
tr	NN	She felt the flow of the fingers that had smoothed the papier-mâché into a rounded cheek .
tr	NN	And Sofie would have that talisman she was talking about so the humans would be safe from the vampires ' ravenous thirst .
tr	NNS	Lexi put strawberries in a basket at the market and moved on to the mangoes .
tr	NN	The way he looked at her made Deirdre 's heart flutter .
tr	NNS	And it 's got Indiana plates .
tr	NNS	" You must find my attempts to lure you into bed downright hilarious . "
tr	NN	He could see the pilot and what appeared to be one other person sitting in the passenger cabin .
tr	NNS	And then someone had snuffed out all her second chances .
tr	NNS	He wrote the numbers down on a sheet of paper and studied his again , as though affirming the number to himself .
tr	NN	I didn 't dispute his assessment .
tr	NN	She still wore the blood-soaked gown , only this time the blood dripped from the hem of her gown and pooled around her feet .
tr	NN	I forced a yawn to relieve the pressure , missing Florida 's sea-level altitude .
tr	NN	We are using a lot more runway .
tr	NNS	Madeline didn 't have any extra reserves of magic like I did .
tr	NN	Only the Master of each House has the privilege of turning new vampires .
tr	NN	She entered her first bid , determined to win .
tr	NNS	He began firing shots at the waiting helicopter while John quickly led their group to the safety of the trees .
tr	NN	I ease off my backpack .
tr	NN	She recognized the aroma of vegetable soup .
tr	NN	They need human protection and security for food and comforts of a home .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to pul away .
tr	NN	Did she corrupt the software ?
tr	NNS	The Wind Riders used the caverns as well as the summit of the wide peak to train their apprentices .
tr	NNS	The whole idea of putting her in danger among the other pirates made his palms sweaty .
tr	NNS	He jotted down the numbers .
tr	NNS	You can own all the members of the new all-terrain team to fight any evil that threatens the world !
tr	NNS	He did make arrangements for the Government to come in take care of his house .
tr	NNS	I could still give you directions and make you walk if you 're not careful . "
tr	NNS	He stomped down the bleachers with his friends in tow .
tr	NNS	I panted some deep breaths , looked out the window , and then back to him still watching my every move .
tr	NNS	Joe grinned viciously , and blew smoke towards him .
tr	NNS	" How can you kids have no guardians at all ? "
tr	NNS	I make the nine blocks in record time .
tr	NNS	Durham 's eyes narrowed dangerously , and Davin took a step backwards in response to that glare .
tr	NNS	" We had frequent arguments so our relationship was more like ' on again , off again ' .
tr	NN	We learned that lesson quickly .
tr	NN	Looks like a buck to me . "
tr	NNS	If the deals she had been handling fell through , it would cost the firm millions of dollars in fees .
tr	NNS	To predict the movements of one we cannot detect , we must predict the movements of those closest to him .
tr	NNS	You needed brains . "
tr	NNS	To bring the ghosts . "
tr	NN	Then she yanked out the cake with a sigh , almost hurling it onto the burner .
tr	NNS	He made his motions deliberately casual , tucking his apron in the usual place and helping himself to a drink from the cooler .
tr	NNS	The drugs and alcohol mixed with the bristles and cold paint had pushed her carnal senses to ecstatic heights .
tr	NNS	" She has her powers back ? "
tr	NN	" I sent Veena an email asking if she 'll come back to church . "
tr	NN	And you have always carried a heavy mantle of rage about you .
tr	NNS	And I have meetings with potential clients every day this week . "
tr	NNS	So instead , I scrolled down my contacts and texted Drago .
tr	NNS	That light touch alone sent her senses soaring .
tr	NN	Ribbons of old pavement , now cracked and fragmented , crisscross the landscape .
tr	NN	The stranger had been wearing a long black duster over snug black jeans and a black T-shirt .
tr	NNS	Don 't I get points toward a second chance for that ? "
tr	NN	Later she added electricity and an elevator .
tr	NN	Flushed and breathless , she smoothed her blouse as Simon strode to the door .
tr	NNS	Did the Guinness Book keep tabs on such ?
tr	NN	He would also probably want an update .
tr	NN	Josie steadied the motorcycle and began to fasten it in place with tie down straps .
tr	NN	They ate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches together .
tr	NN	I checked his scroll before I came down .
tr	NNS	" If you 're looking for ways to punish yourself , girl , there are tastier methods . "
tr	NNS	We lean our foreheads together and I smile at him for a second , thinking naughty thoughts .
tr	NNS	For Dad to teach particle physics . "
tr	NN	" Top five per cent gets the cream . "
tr	NN	Avery nodded all seriousness , took a drink and said , " It was all that gray haired guy .
tr	NN	She 'd never suffered such unease when she and her father had traveled to McCabe land .
tr	NNS	She parted her thighs , moving eagerly to accommodate him .
tr	NN	She laid a napkin at Celestino 's elbow .
tr	NNS	" Nah , I hate needles .
tr	NN	Came up the ramp and out into the sunshine .
tr	NN	It hit the man 's temple perfectly , a spike of pain radiating up my foot as I connected .
tr	NNS	You 're having nightmares . "
tr	NN	Scrambling to the other end of the room , I snatched up the backpack Naomi had brought and raced toward the bathroom .
tr	NN	I smile and wipe some chocolate from the corner of my mouth .
tr	NN	" I suppose the latter . "
tr	NN	They probably welcomed the publicity , so they could sell all the surrounding land to a developer to build million-dollar homes .
tr	NN	A succession of giant waves battered the shoreline .
tr	NNS	" You have my supplies ? "
tr	NNS	You 'd earn me some serious brownie points if she knew I met you . "
tr	NN	" Why don 't I get credit ? "
tr	NN	The look in his feral eyes made her quiver .
tr	NNS	She spent thirty bucks . "
tr	NNS	I would more than likely be wearing my sundress with my hair pulled back into a ponytail since it 's so hot .
tr	NNS	The Peacekeepers had used two old vans to ram through the check in point at the front gate .
tr	NNS	In the other slots , he placed his spare clips and adjusted the suit coat to poorly conceal the bulky adornment .
tr	NNS	Ortega renewed his efforts with another war cry .
tr	NNS	I also hadn 't had any more nightmares about Logan stabbing me .
tr	NN	Nobody chooses their fate when they get involved with dark beings .
tr	NNS	" You give me ten million dollars and this all goes away . "
tr	NN	You have real talent I can see . "
tr	NN	" You dump the garbage into other people 's heads ?
tr	NNS	Her hands stop their circular movements of joy .
tr	NN	The female officer taps her pen down on the table .
tr	NNS	Beneath his role of student , Michael has other obligations ; primarily , acquisition of the next viable prospect for his exclusive group .
tr	NN	He always gave me a sexy smirk when I shivered .
tr	NN	They had planted what seed they had but little hope was held for the crops to bear ample food .
tr	NNS	Rainier studied the chunks of chicken and ham on top of a generous portion of casserole .
tr	NN	In fact , not a single blemish marred the perfection of his skin .
tr	NN	Even Fortescue took a sharp intake of breath through his pinched nose .
tr	NNS	I would smoke cigarettes and blast loud , angry music .
tr	NN	I caught a brief gleam of claws , and then I slammed my eyes shut .
tr	NN	We could 've filled our fridge with that money .
tr	NN	Besides , if the enemy had managed to track them , why hadn 't they closed the net ?
tr	NNS	She took the reins .
tr	NN	Margaret did not like her attitude and left at once .
tr	NN	One of those yellow wheeled janitor 's buckets had a mop sticking out .
tr	NN	Spike clutched the trunk of the tree , terrified .
tr	NNS	He grabbed Alicia and forced her stand behind him , the white grains searing the rotted bits of the Geek as they hit his remains .
tr	NNS	None of the men offered any credentials .
tr	NN	As soon as that happens , I 'll sign the discharge .
tr	NN	Until I give my allegiance to him ?
tr	NNS	" Guard your sisters .
tr	NNS	We are not splitting our numbers again . "
tr	NN	And they did know the meaning of the word " fear " .
tr	NN	" Don 't give me that much credit . "
tr	NNS	Two attendants quickly pulled four more chairs over for the men .
tr	NNS	" What about Hayden and the twins ? "
tr	NNS	Only with Jay did he lose his wariness .
tr	NN	I kept up the celebration until I had no breath left .
tr	NN	Mr. Stott stopped pacing and faced Pigeon .
tr	NNS	Pip pulled back the covers and slid into the bed .
tr	NNS	" Oh , you have dogs ? "
tr	NNS	Fortunately , Tomasz had given Elizabeth precise directions on how to reach the house they were seeking , in order to avoid having to ask directions .
tr	NNS	Some areas have packs that don 't like unknown wolves in their territory , so I sometimes have to serve as a mediator . "
tr	NN	Fitzgerald inspected the hull and found no holes or cracks .
tr	NN	The phone company could see the sincerity of Bob 's request and sent out a finder .
tr	NNS	" You do the honors .
tr	NNS	" Funny , I don 't see any claw marks or bite wounds on your pretty little scales ? "
tr	NNS	Then he attacked his attackers .
tr	NNS	Brick began spinning imaginary plates while performing a vague version of a samba .
tr	NN	" You won my vote today . "
tr	NN	He pressed the code in the keypad , unlocking it , and ushered her inside .
tr	NN	Silken slid off the sofa and padded across the living room .
tr	NNS	Plus , I just brought drugs home with me , which makes me feel like a dick because she doesn 't know that .
tr	NNS	The story doused the front pages of most every magazine and newspaper in New England .
tr	NNS	" I invested 20 million dollars to recruit Jacob Crawford to lead our combined technology teams .
tr	NNS	He moved around the blackened ruins in a slow circle , looking for the entrance hidden in the ground .
tr	NNS	Maybe she should change batteries .
tr	NNS	Henry made soothing noises , but Charlotte seemed inconsolable .
tr	NN	The conquering Arabs looted the vanquished beyond belief and amassed fortunes for themselves .
tr	NN	He made his money investing in other people 's companies .
tr	NNS	Or that he hadn 't kissed Livia senseless when he 'd had the opportunity .
tr	NNS	He 's got no real ties to the land here .
tr	NN	She recalled the horrifying sensation of being smothered to death , and her heart hurt for the ghost .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	They stood inches apart , glaring at each other .
tr	NNS	" So the dwarves began digging tunnels .
tr	NNS	His entire body bears these marks .
tr	NN	Poor Jason , he deserved a silly vixen of a sister who bore nieces and nephews who called him Uncle Jase and held on to his legs .
tr	NN	Even now , the thought made her gag .
tr	NN	Maddie pulled out the People magazine she 'd bought , kicked off her shoes , and stretched out on the bed while Jack lit the fire .
tr	NNS	They look like ... ghosts .
tr	NN	I had the strongest urge to release it . "
tr	NNS	I moved my thumbs against her waist in small circles , gently .
tr	NNS	Anna had purchased mini blinds for the window and had even managed to hang them herself .
tr	NN	Marie grabs a pillow to muffle a sob , and with her face pressed against it , she smells Mike .
tr	NN	And they had made a heartless bargain .
tr	NNS	For the fifth time , I buried my fangs in his wrist .
tr	NN	As we neared a dead end I heard a muffled growling followed by a whining howl .
tr	NN	I even did a little yell and a couple fist pumps .
tr	NN	Haven 't you see the real meaning of all this modern stuff about the dangers of extrapolation and bent space and the indeterminacy of the atom ?
tr	NNS	It wasn 't until she rested her palms on her hips that she relaxed and opened her eyes .
tr	NN	Aiden is still whipped cream ; I know it . "
tr	NN	" I received a very important visitor just before my ... rescue .
tr	NNS	" I can give you some directions .
tr	NN	Rebecca considered the implication .
tr	NNS	His company had hidden underground research facilities that few employees were aware of .
tr	NNS	Anyways , they found weird bite marks on her .
tr	NN	He could get an air bubble in his IV .
tr	NNS	I loaded up my supplies and noticed it was lunch time .
tr	NNS	He pulled back his covers and rolled them up next to the pillows .
tr	NNS	The society was setting its members against Julian .
tr	NN	She tapped the notepad with the tip of the pen .
tr	NNS	Okay Reyes , time to prove you 've got balls in those panties . '
tr	NNS	They made the arrangements for the date , with Jake offering to pick her up .
tr	NNS	If she 'd had her way , she would have eaten all her meals in the kitchen or at Esme 's cottage .
tr	NNS	Felt that heaviness even now .
tr	NN	" It certainly has made an impression on our little friend . "
tr	NN	Have you made the acquaintance of Lucien Remington and his lovely wife ? "
tr	NNS	Which set Allie 's cop instincts buzzing .
tr	NN	He could feel their joy at a bright sunny day and feel their pain when after a fire had raged through .
tr	NN	He wore a grey t-shirt and black jeans .
tr	NN	" Those damned women are making my head spin !
tr	NN	Her friend 's dramatic appearance , leaping half-naked into a tree , accompanied by a shower of silvery hunters , brought such joy and hope .
tr	NNS	Her eyes shot daggers at me .
tr	NNS	The wood had cobwebs on it so it was clear that it had been there for a long while .
tr	NN	He extended the flag to them .
tr	NN	" What about the next line with the blood , " Julia asked " and binding the dragon ? " "
tr	NN	Still holding onto her arm , he pulled her backwards .
tr	NN	Maddox brushed a strand of hair from Ashlyn 's temple .
tr	NNS	He 'd learned centuries ago that women always swooned from their first union .
tr	NN	The spare magazines in his pocket were bruising his hip .
tr	NN	I put my rifle out in front of me and pulled myself over the hilltop .
tr	NN	She had removed her vest and shoes .
tr	NN	" No , I don 't do cocaine . "
tr	NNS	You always made jokes about me not wanting roses .
tr	NN	I 've heard some kids sayin ' they haven 't slept a wink since the dance -- they 're scared .
tr	NN	I don 't get the impression he would 've been a big part of my life if he 'd lived . "
tr	NNS	" We need reinforcements .
tr	NN	We will sweep the valley but come back before nightfall . "
tr	NNS	Quite a few of the children did solo numbers including Mattie .
tr	NNS	Make your own arguments , Colonel .
tr	NN	One of them featured a spooky black and white film of a couple doing a romantic , slightly seductive dance entitled " Pas de Deux . "
tr	NN	His familiar smell swathed a flood of memories around me , colliding my Anchorage life with my Colorado world .
tr	NNS	From the day Jo Meagan was born , Robert gave her roses on her birthday .
tr	NNS	Looking up , Sophie could see three turrets emerging above the tallest trees .
tr	NN	With fall 's approach , the air had cooled , a tepid breeze winding itself through the trees .
tr	NN	Flickering lights from the fire put a glossy sheen in it .
tr	NN	Following his heroic rescue effort at the icemaker plant , Taylor developed a magical attraction of broken technology .
tr	NN	June copies me and even adds a groan for good measure .
tr	NNS	People 'll do all sorts of stuff when they 're jealous of what you 've got or who you are . "
tr	NNS	Call the news stations and the mailing service .
tr	NNS	Very different marks . "
tr	NNS	He was exchanging niceties with the waitress , who looked about my age .
tr	NN	Neither can resist the lure of being a poor man 's psychiatrist , thought Jamie with a mild shake of her head .
tr	NN	" Answer me , my nephew ! "
tr	NN	Bet that locker 's cursed or something . "
tr	NN	It had the typical twin engine nacelle design of a Stearman built ship .
tr	NNS	I 'd been suggesting outdoor activities that didn 't involve an opposing team or a goalpost for ages .
tr	NN	She stuck her pen behind her ear .
tr	NNS	Although I don 't know why I had any expectations at all .
tr	NN	Valois was waving his pistol around wildly .
tr	NN	I could feel Mom stiffen beside me , and I knew Jenna did too .
tr	NN	But her dagger missed the creature 's spine , and the Watchman threw her off its back and turned once more to the Prince .
tr	NN	I never took credit for anything . "
tr	NN	He pulled the file from between the seat and the console and waved it at her .
tr	NNS	The aroma of coffee was drifting nearer .
tr	NNS	So we got the two sofas from the second-floor lounge .
tr	NN	I wanted her cream in my mouth , her ultimate satisfaction screeching from her lungs .
tr	NN	Thinking of my mom brought a pang to my heart , but I couldn 't go to her .
tr	NN	I adjust the rope on the pulley that 's secured to the top of the courthouse fire escape and lean back to observe my latest masterpiece .
tr	NNS	He handed her the roses , hoping that would sway her in another direction .
tr	NN	' Unfortunately , he is , ' I ignored Minos 's glare .
tr	NNS	Startled , Kali jumped about four inches .
tr	NNS	" You have four dollars twenty cents remaining .
tr	NN	She gave Vash a sly , sidelong smirk .
tr	NN	" Just a minute , Sun , " she said , " I 'll get a pen from them . "
tr	NN	Ariella still glowed with pleasure at how incredible a success the concert had been .
tr	NNS	Pilcher pulls out a compass .
tr	NNS	Squatting beside him , I saw the telltale broken blades of grass .
tr	NN	I fought back the urge to defend Jason .
tr	NN	They set up a massive barbecue in the street .
tr	NN	Beside the shopping cart .
tr	NN	Most of them have no juice , but even the ones that do just turn over and over and won 't fire up .
tr	NNS	Raymond had sixty million dollars in the trunk .
tr	NNS	Ignoring their stunned protests , which lasted only until each man held a book , she passed out the leather-bound volumes .
tr	NN	Even though he did so , he could actually feel Sibyl 's fury boiling inside her .
tr	NNS	Said he made good marks in school .
tr	NNS	I have contacts in the police department . "
tr	NNS	Why didn 't he just take ten million dollars for himself ?
tr	NNS	He made jokes and I laughed so I didn 't lose my mind .
tr	NN	I will need a volunteer for more mischief .
tr	NN	whispered the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NN	" A switching system will automatically restore AAT function when the reply burst hits our antennas .
tr	NN	If he pulled just right and released quickly , he could launch a thieving crow skyward like a stone from a slingshot .
tr	NNS	He and the impassive cat gave each other level stares .
tr	NNS	Fallon put the remains of the Queen , together with the clock , into the cargo bay of the vehicle and got behind the wheel .
tr	NNS	Each woman was counting the big bucks she would earn .
tr	NN	Opened the revolver 's cylinder and saw a single cartridge .
tr	NN	" Well , Catherine , " Joy said , standing in the doorway , " You 're certainly looking pensive . "
tr	NN	I can throw a football over the mountains . "
tr	NN	Dropping his hand to my chest , Alec circles my left nipple with the melting cube .
tr	NNS	" You 're just making excuses because you are scared .
tr	NNS	I follow her directions , taking the staircase to the third floor , the lingering scent of industrial-grade cleaner trailing the entire way .
tr	NN	" Do you want revenge ?
tr	NNS	I felt fear curl in my stomach until I realized that any real threat would hardly be knocking at an unlocked door .
tr	NN	She was humming an upbeat tune to herself and didn 't look up when Dennis slid onto one of the barstools .
tr	NNS	We must find new routes up into the mountains . "
tr	NNS	She 's got incredible powers .
tr	NN	Instead she repeated her command .
tr	NNS	This time he took coins from both piles and was unable to pass the bell without setting it ringing more loudly than ever .
tr	NNS	He flew backwards and landed roughly on the pavement .
tr	NN	With the swelling , they just can 't evaluate the extent .
tr	NNS	I studied the dates .
tr	NN	" Okay , but she 's got a pretty mean death glare , too . "
tr	NN	I also ordered a bagel with extra cream cheese .
tr	NNS	We 're talking millions of years .
tr	NN	" So now we 're talking police corruption on top of everything else ? "
tr	NN	" I need advice .
tr	NN	I touched my temple for emphasis .
tr	NNS	Her bright gaze followed his movements , the need dilating her eyes an arousing sight .
tr	NNS	We built other caverns too .
tr	NN	In his front left gripper he held his single-shot pistol ; if they tried to kill him he would get one of them .
tr	NN	Ric unwrapped his apron and folded it neatly .
tr	NNS	Me , I like happy clients .
tr	NNS	Further , couples always ' sampled the wares ' these days , I was told ... so Godiva and Archimedes lived together for months before the wedding .
tr	NNS	She half dragged Fellows toward the sofa where Louisa had sunk down again .
tr	NNS	He slowed his movements and met her gaze .
tr	NNS	" I miss my sons .
tr	NN	From her green canvas tote bag , she dug out the pen and tablet she 'd used earlier and tore off a fresh sheet of paper .
tr	NNS	Beth emitted a furious hiss and stormed out of the office .
tr	NN	Ashe turns sixteen on Sunday . "
tr	NNS	She felt the hairs on her arms rise amid the goose bumps .
tr	NNS	' Where can you buy the old stores ? '
tr	NNS	I hear all sorts of things . "
tr	NN	" No one had the trait so far until you . "
tr	NNS	In General White 's email , he asked all members of the JESUS task force to destroy all copies of the task force report .
tr	NNS	Lady Misery , made of silver , caused spasms of pain .
tr	NNS	" She 's told too many lies .
tr	NN	I had enough self-control not to look back .
tr	NN	Many of you bear responsibility for that division on the first place !
tr	NN	Phoebe parted the floral wrapping , taking her time in the unveiling ... of ... A laptop computer .
tr	NNS	We will always have burdens that no one else can ever understand .
tr	NN	" They 'll probably feed the dragon and catch up with us . "
tr	NNS	The Police had no definite leads to go on .
tr	NNS	He leaned nearer and was engulfed by the aura of wine fumes which surrounded it .
tr	NN	Yet when that ending came , the heavy blankness obliterated even the realization that there had been a me to be destroyed in the first place .
tr	NN	His thoughts went unbidden to the confrontation in Kathy 's studio .
tr	NN	She liked her solitude and was grateful for the time to try to sort things out logically .
tr	NNS	When you want more we 'll make arrangements to meet with her again . "
tr	NNS	And , of course , the settlers brought robots with them .
tr	NN	" I had your claim investigated . "
tr	NN	Kae could feel the sincerity in the King 's voice , and some small bursts of animosity coming from some of the others around the table .
tr	NNS	She eased her slacks from her hips to reveal her silken panties , a scrap of fabric that barely covered her tight black curls .
tr	NNS	Unconsciously , I withdraw a few inches .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , it missed the clock and hit the wall about a foot from where the clock hung .
tr	NN	She picked a glossy red curl and twirled it around one elegant finger .
tr	NN	Oh , I need a shrink .
tr	NNS	Because someone else was taking those missions ?
tr	NN	But I didn 't remove the towel , and I was knew my face was red from more than the sun .
tr	NNS	Father and I went back to the palace and bullied the emperor 's servants into waking him .
tr	NN	You 'll have your precursor treasure .
tr	NN	Sadly , nobody disputes his assessment .
tr	NNS	He stacked their provisions and other heavy boxes and cases around the edge of the table and piled old boxes on top of it .
tr	NNS	I could sense Derek 's eyes on me , his gaze a soft , concerned caress .
tr	NNS	And soon he 'll be healing all the diseases in the world . "
tr	NNS	We both took hip hop dance classes .
tr	NNS	They counted three different plate numbers .
tr	NNS	But to the end that they should do so , and thereby survive , they were given their desires .
tr	NNS	I had forty or so samples I wanted to check and he cut them all .
tr	NNS	" Trust me , she keeps close tabs on her boy .
tr	NN	" Well , I cannot possibly claim the talent of your father , but if you would like we could train together . "
tr	NNS	Afterwards , she gave explicit directions to her driver .
tr	NN	Jones had his rifle now and none of us budged .
tr	NNS	We turned more pages , hunting for blank spots .
tr	NN	Hidden down here beneath the Enlightenment Hall they had real privacy .
tr	NN	" And we have the twist coming up .
tr	NN	In the nick of time he remembered a very obscure colleague whose Christian name was Richard .
tr	NN	That left one possibility .
tr	NNS	He would donate several pints of blood if the university would accept it for payment .
tr	NNS	She had visions of zombies breaking through walls and eating people .
tr	NN	She made a horrible gurgle and died .
tr	NNS	The early morning heat chased away the night 's coolness , forcing it to leave in the form of fog .
tr	NNS	She handed Josh a rifle and said , " Amy gave me this , she said a bears been getting into their trash at night .
tr	NN	The sound raised a tingling sensation along Bickel 's sides and arms .
tr	NN	As far as staying out all night with Trista , you now have a curfew .
tr	NNS	Anna heard the first shots come from behind .
tr	NNS	Like I have all these expectations . "
tr	NNS	If we don 't stop him soon , he may become virtually invincible , " Morgan said passionately .
tr	NN	We need a structured organization to ensure our safety . "
tr	NN	If the House find out , Em , they decide her fate , not David . "
tr	NN	" You 've grown a beard since last we met . "
tr	NN	The church needed a new piano for the choir room .
tr	NN	Women always seek root goodness whereas men would look for the fruits of goodness .
tr	NNS	The first benefit 's auctions yield higher than anticipated funds for each item auctioned .
tr	NN	Taking the tight bud into his mouth , Caleb sipped the water droplets from her puckered flesh , savored the sweetness that was uniquely Alyssa .
tr	NNS	Beneath the bed sheet , thousands of tiny white and black and silver beads covered his mattress and pillow .
tr	NN	She put down the dictionary and sat behind Reverend Jones ' desk .
tr	NNS	Heads whip back , jaws loosen and fall , gasps once again steal the breaths of the ministers .
tr	NNS	Although he didn 't work out like he had used to , he still had more than six inches on her in height .
tr	NNS	Every room had at least two protectors watching over their charges , once they saw me they would watch me with interest .
tr	NN	He carefully gathered the thick liquid with a rag and wiped the powerful poisonous residue onto the sharpened blade of his axe .
tr	NNS	They all fired knockout spells at just about the same time and all of them bounced harmlessly away from her .
tr	NNS	She quickly put the items back in Mike 's bag and went to the computer .
tr	NNS	No light , no vision , no essence escaped the tightly locked houses on our block .
tr	NN	They magnified my attraction to you .
tr	NNS	I recall my trips down the wooded areas near my home , in my backyard , if one can call it that , where there are many .
tr	NN	She wore a sleeveless tunic , her bare arms plump with muscle .
tr	NN	Talon ignored the panther .
tr	NN	" Light the damned branch . "
tr	NN	Maybe a kidney . "
tr	NN	Why would he remember that one phrase from months ago , when he couldn 't keep her assumed name in his head for ten seconds ?
tr	NNS	Did you really find those pages ? "
tr	NNS	She swept past gargoyles sprouting from the massive arch over the great oak doors .
tr	NN	I took a handful of crisps from the bowl as Simon read the back of the box in a Bella Lugosi voice .
tr	NNS	The remainder terminated about three inches above Frank 's head .
tr	NN	He sets his fork down and looks straight at me .
tr	NNS	He clenched his jaws and dialed her number .
tr	NNS	Tell your folks you will have to work late tomorrow night .
tr	NNS	Once the university had the most well-preserved buildings in the city .
tr	NNS	" Colin and I haven 't yet discussed our living arrangements in depth . "
tr	NNS	Till they use up all their balls .
tr	NNS	My kidnapping was now ruining Cody 's chances with the woman of his dreams .
tr	NNS	Christian , Edward Barrington , and several other young people I recognized from the ball were enjoying refreshments and chatting happily .
tr	NNS	" I 've had dogs my whole life . "
tr	NN	Bod could hear the two policemen talking heatedly - " Your bloody niece ! "
tr	NNS	They handed their coats to an attendant .
tr	NNS	She wiped down the warped shelves , using a step stool for the ones too high for her to reach , until they shined .
tr	NNS	They passed giant red pillars like coral reefs which gave Jenny the disconcerting feeling of being underwater .
tr	NN	" Sure , between the three of you , you 've wrapped up the only talent around here anyway . "
tr	NNS	That means no interviews , no books , nothing .
tr	NNS	We seal the pages with salt water and promises to live well to make their deaths count .
tr	NN	I felt the urge to stand up and leave but my body might as well have been made of lead .
tr	NN	I owed him debt of gratitude for helping me during the bizarre wormhole incident .
tr	NNS	She had delicious meals and a warm house .
tr	NN	You have no clan or pride , so I 'm it by default , as ranking Feline in the area .
tr	NNS	Harrison threw the reins over the horse 's head .
tr	NNS	Al we have to do is make it out of their territory and we ' l be home free , " Lucius said encouragingly .
tr	NN	She spied a motorcycle and what looked like climbing equipment .
tr	NNS	When the troops had been assembled they lit their torches and proceeded down the tunnel , catching all the cobwebs that Betty had left behind .
tr	NN	" Well , Jack sold his first painting about eight years ago .
tr	NN	He hadn 't ate some bad fish or got hit by a car .
tr	NN	One of the officers looked askance at his Sergeant , who nodded .
tr	NN	Together we 'll fulfill the destiny we were born into .
tr	NNS	She opened the living-room drapes just in time to watch a bolt of lightning rip apart the night .
tr	NNS	See the little points coming out of it ?
tr	NNS	" Leave us , " he commanded the dragons in the room .
tr	NN	Sean pulled the first rack of ribs off the grill and onto a wooden block .
tr	NN	Whatever gave you that impression ? "
tr	NNS	The dairy wouldn 't be making its milk deliveries until late tomorrow afternoon .
tr	NNS	Why hadn 't she closed the drapes last night ?
tr	NNS	I have powers you can only dream of . "
tr	NNS	And Avery and I have candles made from beeswax that we use at night .
tr	NN	At least she 'd taken off that ridiculous paper cap .
tr	NNS	After the greeting , he would walk gently boards that lay a foot or so above the cement work .
tr	NN	The man gave a faint shrug .
tr	NN	" Put some sun block on my back ? "
tr	NNS	Afterward , Adam and Jazmine ate sandwiches in the museum cafe and visited the gift shop .
tr	NNS	Now they were catching the forward runners and passing them quickly .
tr	NNS	The hospital has found the funds for my mother 's operation .
tr	NN	I left the surgeon attending to him and got back on the cart and took up the reins .
tr	NNS	A tee shot between 180 -- 220 yards would leave a short iron into a small green .
tr	NNS	" I need those two brains only .
tr	NNS	They passed massive flower pots dotting the downtown sidewalks , their petals in full bloom , just like his heart .
tr	NN	Bates gave him another half-hearted salute and went off .
tr	NN	The cup hit the pavement at the woman 's feet , splattering her with a wave that reached all the way to mid-thigh .
tr	NNS	Here we have witch doctors to shrink heads .
tr	NN	Gem spread out the comforter and I picked Jesse up and placed her on it .
tr	NNS	That will throw off several meetings that are all tightly scheduled for the day and could cause several international issues . "
tr	NNS	Quickly she made her apologies for disturbing him on a day off , and laid out her idea .
tr	NNS	I grab the yellow sundress off a pile of clothes .
tr	NNS	Elian took the gold and silver figurines out of his pocket , and then put them back in again .
tr	NN	I suppressed the sensation , swallowed it , and put it on a shelf to think about later .
tr	NNS	The remaining pair took stations , protecting the Lincoln and the side door .
tr	NN	We were soon leaving the pier and our tail far behind .
tr	NNS	In the dark and quiet space , she took several deep breaths , bending down and putting her head between her legs .
tr	NN	Much to her surprise Simone felt a delicate warmth flow through her at the soft voice , easing the knots and soothing the frayed nerves .
tr	NN	My magic will make them ill , your majesty . "
tr	NN	She had drawn a noose hanging a stick figure .
tr	NNS	" Adrenaline plays tricks with a guy 's system . "
tr	NNS	" Wow , check out the prices ! "
tr	NNS	Both sides had suffered losses but we had fared far worse .
tr	NNS	Thank you , " the official said fervently .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is Sun City ? "
tr	NN	Can you call the duty contractor and tell them to get down here right away . "
tr	NN	A light misty rain makes the warm spring day humid , causing my shirt to stick to my skin .
tr	NNS	She had five servants whose sole job was to maintain the beauty of her hair .
tr	NNS	People are needing their fruits and vegetables , yes ?
tr	NNS	She often had nightmares , but no one had ever been around to see the results .
tr	NN	Then I saw our truck coming south , barely moving , looking very suspicious .
tr	NN	Why would she trust a dragon ?
tr	NNS	Here , too , were sticks of charcoal , pencil stubs , paint blocks , squeezed tubes and bottles of diluting and cleaning oils .
tr	NN	My confession takes up a dagger to skewer my heart .
tr	NN	Esmeralda placed the flute to her lips and attempted to play .
tr	NNS	While still watching the brigade , she focused her senses forward , on what lay ahead .
tr	NNS	Still laughing evilly , he opened the flaps and looked in .
tr	NNS	Every time I saw those twins it was like a kick to my heart .
tr	NNS	Sebastian has allies in more places than you know , little one . "
tr	NN	We are selling Vanguard merchandise all over the city and outside it too .
tr	NN	He had a pistol strapped to each thigh and a black bandana marked with a red cross covering his hair .
tr	NNS	Practicing to maintain invisibility and then giving the entire thing away by laughing wouldn 't earn her too many points .
tr	NNS	" He has other patients . "
tr	NNS	I could also feel his fangs buried in my neck and his tongue lapping up the blood .
tr	NNS	" We have mutual interests .
tr	NNS	He ignored the workers and went to the road .
tr	NN	I tucked the loose strand of hair behind my ear again .
tr	NNS	While each of these aspects of Christianity share attributes with other faiths , each also bears unmistakable marks of its Christian origins .
tr	NNS	" But ... but ... we won 't have enough data . "
tr	NN	" I never understood that phrase .
tr	NNS	Anya changed directions faster than Danika could keep up , but Ashlyn took everything in stride .
tr	NN	Several Olympians ran down the stairwell .
tr	NN	Even if Joe wasn 't the one who 'd shot Clay , he deserved a little payback .
tr	NNS	After all , Carlsen had no legal rights .
tr	NNS	Gilbert pushed the crowds , ran toward him and twisted the man 's hand .
tr	NN	I made an almost perfect landing .
tr	NN	Pete reddened , knowing the flush would reach the crown of his head , all visible .
tr	NN	" She stitched the pentagram perfectly . "
tr	NNS	There were wooded areas , but they had become sparser as we headed west and north towards Fort Belknap .
tr	NN	His voice held a tremble as he pointed skyward .
tr	NN	I hear her groan into my chest , unable to control the frustration I 've just fueled .
tr	NNS	" Never make assumptions .
tr	NN	He tossed a leer over his shoulder .
tr	NN	I couldn 't just leap over the balcony and start taking on giants .
tr	NN	No doubt , Edwin and Tara kept their equipment in there , or nearby .
tr	NNS	He heard her prayers .
tr	NNS	" I hate hospitals .
tr	NN	But the decision to face his problems brought him a measure of peace , and he rolled over and drifted back to sleep .
tr	NNS	She could see the cogs that marked off the days .
tr	NN	He called the sheriff 's department and they came out again .
tr	NN	Stick turns his ferocious glare from Frank to me as if he doesn 't believe that for a second .
tr	NNS	I 'd rather take my chances with him if we are both inside .
tr	NN	Long ago she used an ancient artifact to produce the Veil .
tr	NNS	" Just like the tunnels . "
tr	NNS	When she moved her hands in , it pushed her tits up even more into his face .
tr	NN	The sound got fainter .
tr	NN	" My protection ? "
tr	NN	He brushed my knuckles with the pad of his thumb .
tr	NN	" You can review the recording from my apartment last night .
tr	NN	Though the Jester had love in his heart , this love produced a violet effect that was terrifying .
tr	NNS	They descended several floors and came to an open plan marble landing .
tr	NNS	" I have specifics . "
tr	NNS	Occasionally he would point out items of interest in a somber voice , like the world 's most depressed tour guide .
tr	NNS	I shouldn 't have had that many beers before bedtime .
tr	NN	From the waist pouch , Father Tomas also produced a vial of holy water and a purple cloth , which he draped around his neck and shoulders .
tr	NNS	She could see rusted bits of metal scattered around in the trash heap , good enough to warrant a thorough search for salvage .
tr	NNS	Maybe collectively they 'd at least get a few trenches inspected before some crazed mountain man or lunatic woman slit their throats again .
tr	NNS	Space to take a few deep breaths without inhaling the other 's exhaust .
tr	NN	For all Tug knew , she 'd walked down the block to talk to a neighbor and would be back any minute .
tr	NNS	She erected small office buildings with floor spaces of five thousand square feet , and large office buildings and hotels .
tr	NNS	But how much protection could one warrior truly provide ?
tr	NNS	I put the tapestries back on the wall to occupy my mind and stood in the middle of the room feeling useless but not much else .
tr	NN	We can tell our success by the number of aircraft remaining , and as you can see , flying numbers have been reduced to 63 aircraft worldwide .
tr	NNS	I don 't see ghosts .
tr	NN	Claire blurted out a denial that , even to her own ears , sounded lame and guilty .
tr	NN	Vane picked up a handful of food and held it out to the dog .
tr	NN	She gathered loyalty like a disease , and it was the most infectious one on the face of the planet .
tr	NN	He grabs a pen and lays the paper flat , pressing the tip of the pen on the line .
tr	NNS	I see a few houses with their lights on .
tr	NNS	No matter what his job was before or after , he wasn 't missing many meals .
tr	NN	Nothing else occupies that stretch of beach , so they pause to look .
tr	NNS	She even folded napkins around the forks she had set out .
tr	NNS	We must all resume our positions .
tr	NNS	" I love artichoke hearts .
tr	NN	I view the landscape .
tr	NNS	I could never get such donations , but she travels in such circles and could probably do it in a heartbeat .
tr	NN	" I brought some literature on the company for you to study , but we can deal with that later .
tr	NN	He had her entire clan eating out of his hand .
tr	NNS	I 'm standing directly in front of her now , the points of the pitchfork an inch away from my chest .
tr	NNS	After the trip to Tennessee , I have sixty-five dollars left .
tr	NN	Teresa fought down a tide of guilt that seemed to swell up from the bottom of her heart .
tr	NNS	And forgive my boldness Sir Nikolas , but doesn 't that beg the same question of you then ? "
tr	NNS	She 'd prepared and served his meals every day , along with the rest of the ranch hands , so her life was no secret to him .
tr	NN	He can grab a towel . "
tr	NNS	My lord did not drink more than three cups all evening .
tr	NNS	Her eyes still filled with tears , she opened her mouth and bared fangs .
tr	NN	Gregori expected censure , rage , disgust .
tr	NNS	Whoever had chosen the dresses definitely had her tastes in mind .
tr	NN	And there it was again , the electricity in the air between us .
tr	NN	The porous rock collapsed around the incision , dust and soot billowing out of the fissure .
tr	NNS	" Listen , I 've still got some contacts .
tr	NN	I don 't want any fussing . '
tr	NN	I wear that persona like armor , hoping no one will see through it .
tr	NN	Nick let out a groan .
tr	NNS	He had seen the needles in his dreams .
tr	NN	When she backed up , Max saw her unease .
tr	NN	We 'd had enough crap to last us the rest of the week , which reminded me of tomorrow .
tr	NNS	Jason went strangely quiet afterward , too .
tr	NN	" Maybe you should be drinking orange juice instead of that stuff . "
tr	NNS	This time no desire surfaced to second guess his actions .
tr	NN	With trembling fingers Stacy untied the ribbon and lifted the lid .
tr	NNS	She made the planets and the creatures of the land and sea and air .
tr	NNS	I may not get backstage , but I can get awfully close should you need me . "
tr	NN	You didn 't tell the snake not to strike , and you didn 't tell the vamp not to kill .
tr	NN	" Give me an example . "
tr	NNS	" We will take positions where we can survey the grounds around he house . "
tr	NN	That would take some spine , and you don 't see much of that anymore , especially in big drug busts .
tr	NN	They heard a yell .
tr	NN	You committed fraud , you admitted to it , now you have to pay .
tr	NN	" I 've an inkling . "
tr	NN	I tap the clear vial with my finger .
tr	NNS	I fold the addresses of the regional leaders and tuck them into my pocket .
tr	NN	Then Tilly finally comes roaring in with , " Gentlemen , gentlemen , compose yourselves !
tr	NNS	" How many rival packs are there ? "
tr	NN	He swallowed a groan .
tr	NNS	The president and governors all had their official first pets that were basically cut from the same cloth .
tr	NN	The older man brushed a feather across her hair .
tr	NN	Diego focused his pistol and quickly stepped through the thick mists , his foot landing on solid rock .
tr	NNS	She cooked my favorite meals and made me some new clothes .
tr	NN	I banish the unease from my mind .
tr	NN	So they bought a rifle , a shot gun , a pistol with a belt and a small pistol to keep in his bedroom .
tr	NN	" Everyone here likes basketball , but not everyone can play .
tr	NNS	she casually asked in-between bites of her lasagna , which was not so bad .
tr	NN	Military vehicles were surrounding a large craft , every curve of its hull smooth but not shiny .
tr	NNS	" Oh wait , I never got our beers . "
tr	NN	Otherwise you should pursue the quest .
tr	NNS	But she took several breaths and said , " With or without you , I 'm going . "
tr	NNS	He emptied the trash cans into a cart , replaced the bin bags , took the full bags to the compactor .
tr	NN	It stored the CSA 's largest supply of arms and field operations equipment .
tr	NN	Or a scientist . "
tr	NN	shouted Bernie as the two of them , wrapped in the sheet , slid down the rope to the ground .
tr	NNS	I might desire Lucius , but I resented him , too .
tr	NN	Maggie tapped her temple with a forefinger .
tr	NNS	" After the CAMEO awards .
tr	NN	" You probably wouldn 't believe the sincerity of my apology , anyway .
tr	NN	I think drool pooled in my mouth at the thought of this many books .
tr	NN	I lifted my shoe onto the chair to tie my lime-green shoelaces , a brilliant contrast to the black Asics encasing my feet .
tr	NN	She had sold all the jewelry that Conroy had given her in the two years they were married .
tr	NN	She gave each male at the table a nasty glare in turned .
tr	NN	An unbelievable peace has blanketed the valley for nearly three months , but how long will it last ?
tr	NN	Instant demon reversal . "
tr	NN	He offered me the basket of bread .
tr	NN	I 'll give you a massage . "
tr	NNS	I caught two wolves earlier this day , and they make for some fine feasting with a sprinkling of hickory and thyme .
tr	NN	" We couldn 't accept such a fate , so we did something we were never meant to .
tr	NN	He absently scratched his beard , when he talked to people as if the act of scratching boosted his intelligence level .
tr	NNS	I had all these powers and I thought I was immortal .
tr	NN	I unbolted the trapdoor , reached for the keys and shook him to consciousness .
tr	NNS	His eyes swept the onlookers .
tr	NN	Roger slid off the tailgate and looked Bloom in the eye .
tr	NN	She felt a sharp pang when she saw a mother and child emerge from one of the shops .
tr	NN	She felt the same compulsion .
tr	NN	I will take your snake , instead .
tr	NNS	Boys do suck the brains out of smart girls .
tr	NNS	He counted out several large gold coins and set them in a precise stack six inches on his side of the center line of my desk .
tr	NNS	From a quick glance , they had all sorts of things here , from finger paintings , to a table of pottery pieces to some little dioramas .
tr	NNS	Curious , she switched her goggles to infrared mode , picking out the glow of Jordan 's body heat beside her .
tr	NNS	My eyes drifted over the familiar buildings and memories of my friends assaulted me .
tr	NN	" Listen , I need a favor .
tr	NNS	I get butterflies in my stomach from the heat in his eyes .
tr	NN	Certified whack job behaviour .
tr	NNS	He rubs his palms together .
tr	NN	I gave him my little shrug .
tr	NNS	As he neared the security gate , Albert once again checked Teleport 's surroundings using the masthead camera app on his phone .
tr	NNS	Azriel left the empty halls and followed the restless students out the doors .
tr	NNS	Only giant eels occupied those waters and although they averaged twenty feet in length they were no threat to the canoe .
tr	NN	Everything about her looked brand new .
tr	NN	She could feel the faint tremble that swept through him .
tr	NNS	You might as well use those funds to buy us a van and a talking dog . "
tr	NNS	Write down all your requests and wishes in it .
tr	NNS	After running through the plan one last time , we gathered our supplies and went to a nearby window .
tr	NN	I will not sacrifice our privacy , nor will I be forced to hide inside my house day and night .
tr	NNS	I watch him as he does it , my pulse ratcheting up a few notches .
tr	NNS	They had seen no rustlers , nor unexplained mobs of cattle .
tr	NNS	" I confirmed his worst fears .
tr	NN	Lux shoved aside a low-hanging branch so hard that it snapped in two and fell to the ground .
tr	NNS	He led several raids against Texans before the Comanches were finally subdued in the late 1860 's .
tr	NN	What better way to discredit the General 's leadership as well ?
tr	NNS	Others would draft the crucial pretrial motions .
tr	NNS	I have my doubts that he 'll endorse anything without over-the-top proof . "
tr	NN	He turned the doorknob and started to ease the door open .
tr	NN	Hot fingers grabbed his temple like a vise , twisting his head to one side , plastering one cheek against the icy concrete .
tr	NN	I cleared some furniture out of the way and mirrored one wall of the room with a single thought .
tr	NN	It pierced the panther just above a rear leg .
tr	NN	Lowering his head , he captured one nipple , then scored it with his teeth .
tr	NNS	" Plus you had a few good shots in there .
tr	NN	He let out a growl that made me take a step back .
tr	NN	His light caresses sent a ripple of desire through me .
tr	NNS	At least she couldn 't have any doubts that he found her attractive .
tr	NNS	I impacted Orpheus with flat palms into him .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down her spine when she thought about the power that had been available to her a few moments earlier .
tr	NN	Who might suspect a bird sitting in the rafters of assassination sites from one end of the universes to the other ?
tr	NNS	I dumped the cans .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Gibson was setting the dishes in the sink , and Josie had her head in the ... freezer .
tr	NN	As soon as our eyes met , shivers ran down my spine .
tr	NN	Even from the distance between them , she could sense his fury .
tr	NNS	Sam disliked hospitals on principle .
tr	NNS	" Sven and Mario have both signed agreements to pay you a $ 25M commission as soon as they receive payment . "
tr	NNS	My presence would only undue her efforts . '
tr	NN	Then he pulled the Humvee off the main track and drove three hundred yards down the length of an empty range .
tr	NN	She enhanced the pout .
tr	NNS	We are meeting some clients for dinner tonight . "
tr	NNS	" They have some members patrolling the area .
tr	NNS	He did not retrieve the reports immediately .
tr	NNS	They also got many stares as they rolled down the street .
tr	NN	" But it might bring closure . "
tr	NNS	She couldn 't have babies , and the rumor was that William had babies with other women , including their maid .
tr	NNS	Working the gears in that shoebox on wheels in the Minnesota snow would test the best drivers in the world .
tr	NN	We only just met today , she hasn 't been waiting almost half a millennia to meet me as I have her .
tr	NN	' Respect , if not love , compels our obedience . '
tr	NN	We won 't be meeting much traffic because John says the government closed it down for lack of funding . "
tr	NNS	' My ships ! '
tr	NNS	I swab the floors with long , clean strokes .
tr	NNS	He was appreciated her efforts .
tr	NNS	I needed practical skills and knowledge to grow , and I was more than ready to get them through this mentorship .
tr	NN	I should have brought my iPod . "
tr	NNS	I will make arrangements .
tr	NNS	I will slay the Iron Sisters and the Silent Brothers in their citadels of stone and silence .
tr	NN	He stopped his advance .
tr	NN	She gave Eve a thumbs-up , ordered a cup of tea , and went in search of a decent spot to work .
tr	NN	Why have you forsaken our Creator , our Father ? "
tr	NNS	It sliced her palms and she staggered back , wincing with tears of pain springing to her eyes .
tr	NN	I began my quest .
tr	NN	The van gave a low groan as it struggled to start in the winter cold , but soon it was running .
tr	NN	They love football and watch a lot of games .
tr	NNS	Then , when we get all of them together , we show the candles to the elements and get their blessing .
tr	NNS	She picked out markings and placed them where they would be sent to the other Universe .
tr	NN	I threw a glare toward Bluebell down in the pen .
tr	NN	Thick white vapor billowed out from the walls , denser than the veiling cloud , all but opaque .
tr	NN	The mother in her imaginings bore very little resemblance to the woman who stood in front of her now .
tr	NN	But her quiet gasp , the tightness surrounding him , penetrated the haze of passion .
tr	NNS	Something tells me the archangels have their hand in this . "
tr	NNS	" You 've never seen any wolves ? "
tr	NN	Jason eyed the surrounding ivy .
tr	NN	" I don 't want a public concert . "
tr	NN	His initial raids had only contained a handful .
tr	NN	No one ever won this argument , which was why it still continued .
tr	NN	Small deliberate brush strokes , many thousands of them , turned the plain looking craft into a gleaming proud bird , one intricate feather at a time .
tr	NNS	And Charlie can never walk past homemade fudge .
tr	NNS	" I swear , I didn 't touch Alexis .
tr	NN	I couldn 't breathe or swallow the lump in my throat at the sight of this great fallen king .
tr	NN	I hear my father growl .
tr	NNS	That means knives . "
tr	NNS	Out of all the criminals he 'd killed in his lifetime , he 'd killed very few females .
tr	NN	' You never indicated an attraction ... ' ' That would have been futile .
tr	NNS	" He loved fountain pens .
tr	NN	She took out a package of ground turkey for taco salad .
tr	NN	She suddenly had the urge to reach out and touch the mist .
tr	NNS	You had camp leaders to keep you on track .
tr	NN	Every time they had sex , he used a condom , even though she was on birth control .
tr	NN	Already she could hear the rhythmic falls of the horse 's shod feet upon the asphalt of the city streets and with every sound it grew louder .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of Jimmy 's terrified face through the glass and quickly looked away .
tr	NNS	After a few more mouthfuls , I withdrew my fangs and pushed him to the ground .
tr	NN	As a freelance writer he provided content to magazines and websites .
tr	NN	When your momma is better , we can have pizza at your aunt 's . "
tr	NNS	" Maybe nothing , but I 'm not taking any chances .
tr	NN	Swearing , he gripped the doorknob and , using Craft , tore the door off its hinges .
tr	NNS	" And you were also sent the fingerprints of the defendant , Ashley Patterson ? "
tr	NN	Why not return the favor ? "
tr	NN	But I could see his eyes darken , and I knew he meant it .
tr	NN	Jack picked up a notepad he 'd dropped on the night table .
tr	NNS	Rhi 's aunt would rather blame the witches than her daughter .
tr	NN	You grew an enormous red bum .
tr	NN	The moon cast a silvery stripe down the beach .
tr	NN	" Did you see the airplane , too ? "
tr	NNS	I pulled the briefs down and caressed his silky length .
tr	NN	" Who judges the contest ? "
tr	NNS	She had overheard the Walking Names once when they were reviewing the value of the girls .
tr	NN	He could wreak great havoc . "
tr	NN	When Melanie 's face fell in disappointment , Sloane gave her a reassuring pat on the shoulder .
tr	NNS	Beyond I could barely make out other shadowy forms .
tr	NN	He kicked the release on the wing levers .
tr	NN	He opened the briefcase and removed four small vials , each filled with dark red liquid .
tr	NNS	Each window facing the front lawn had lit tapered candles in it , giving a soft glow to the patio outside .
tr	NN	" When do I see the magistrate ? "
tr	NN	" Why use the flag now ? "
tr	NN	I will not lose my granddaughter ! "
tr	NN	As a child , he 'd never had the urge .
tr	NN	Edgar released a groan of agony and impending defeat as his lips once again touched hers .
tr	NNS	It costs less than fifty dollars , and a room is primed and painted in an hour .
tr	NN	Beside her , she could feel William 's growing resentment at being ordered around and having to maintain a subservient demeanor .
tr	NN	They watched the clip again .
tr	NN	Amber took the skunk from his father 's hands .
tr	NN	I 'll open the Gate myself to accommodate them .
tr	NN	I didn 't doubt his sincerity at all .
tr	NNS	' Praise the Gods , ' he said fervently .
tr	NNS	Ashley and Weir were playing cards in the booth , while Ryan was still above me .
tr	NNS	If he was there , he could make adjustments and save the victory .
tr	NN	" Is Blue a nickname ? "
tr	NNS	" I like your hugs , Lia . "
tr	NNS	" That makes eleven for the girl . "
tr	NNS	That boy drummed up a hundred excuses to drive into town . "
tr	NN	said Mo 's uncle Tam .
tr	NN	Veins lined the shaft , and the wide head glistened with moisture .
tr	NN	" You 're giving me credit for his fidelity ? "
tr	NNS	I could feel the woman 's suspicions coming over the phone line , along with a tapping sound .
tr	NNS	I had no arguments that made sense .
tr	NNS	Killing the power to the entire colony would terminate the life support systems and end the suffering of the human captives .
tr	NN	Mr. Lonely adopted a more stern countenance .
tr	NN	It requires more philosophy than I possess to bear this injustice with patience .
tr	NNS	I 'll make you those rice balls you like . "
tr	NN	Don 't practice half-heartedly . "
tr	NNS	She was still picking pine needles out of her skin .
tr	NN	Jason lifted his rifle , which slowed the leader .
tr	NNS	" Derrick was dealing drugs ? "
tr	NN	Had she caused the knob to turn hot ?
tr	NNS	" Yeah , I live three blocks over in one of the townhouses .
tr	NN	She fought off the impulse to visit Frank 's empty suite and went straight to her own office .
tr	NN	I turn the knob over in my hands .
tr	NNS	Down below , Undine send out their signals , buzzing and tickling the Temporal Caste as they pass .
tr	NN	' Which wizards are the most powerful ? '
tr	NNS	Their free hands held daggers , which jabbed and stabbed in unsuspected places , felling their foes as surely as the huge blades .
tr	NN	I mean um ... an Immortal ? "
tr	NN	I turn my glare on her .
tr	NN	Namaste , I offered the little bird , hoping it would find a safe nook to tuck itself into against the coming winds .
tr	NN	" Judd hand me a crowbar . "
tr	NN	Allan laid down his fork .
tr	NN	" You doubt my resolve .
tr	NN	Mana took off a large apron , and quickly opened some drawers .
tr	NNS	But I enjoyed our meetings , and as I say , it reassured me to know he was on top of things . '
tr	NN	Being a conscientious person , she found a pen and paper and left Jack a note .
tr	NNS	Damien just brushes off my rudeness .
tr	NN	The eggs continued their sizzle in the pan .
tr	NN	Let 's make a wager .
tr	NN	He filled this indentation from the creek .
tr	NN	He wore the typical uniform of a herder .
tr	NN	Liam drew the dagger out and stabbed twice more , eliciting a jerk from the man each time .
tr	NN	Or do you need a demonstration ? "
tr	NNS	" I searched his pockets right after he died .
tr	NN	I have my briefcase and carry-on in my chair , ready for the opportunity , but I 'm also hovering over Nathan .
tr	NN	She 's doing her civic duty , getting fifteen bucks a day from the county for being a good citizen .
tr	NNS	You already have enough miracles as it is . "
tr	NN	Those two facts had her instincts tingling .
tr	NN	He already had a buyer for the gems .
tr	NNS	He could now see the whites of a pair of eyes looking at him from a handful of yards away .
tr	NNS	No issue satisfied all members of the house , and day after day was wasted away debating in hope of a utopian solution to the problem .
tr	NNS	Lena tossed Connor two apples .
tr	NN	Lara dragged on her clothes , heedless of the way the material stuck to her still damp skin .
tr	NNS	If anything , approaching him barefoot might win me some points .
tr	NNS	For too long he had deferred various offers , never wanting to take a chance on an unknown .
tr	NN	" Did you by any chance see an unusually high content of one element in particular ? "
tr	NNS	I had an uneasy feeling this time that should Baron Lathan be the victor , he 'd cause difficulties later on .
tr	NNS	People were getting torches , stone axes , different kinds of flint knives .
tr	NN	She adjusted her backpack on her shoulders .
tr	NN	When the line opened , Rio uttered the password and then Sam was there , immediately brisk and all business .
tr	NNS	Amelia had grown five inches during that time , and the original floor length gown was now halfway between her knees and her ankles .
tr	NNS	They 've had issues with each other in the past , but were on their way toward moving past them when something happened .
tr	NN	I shoved a greasy slice of Canadian bacon into my mouth and said , " And now you know everything that I know .
tr	NN	She writes romantic suspense , women 's fiction and young adult novels .
tr	NNS	" I have two moms . "
tr	NNS	What more proof could you ask ?
tr	NNS	When it came to Alicia , we couldn 't take any chances .
tr	NN	Soon they reached the tower .
tr	NN	At this point in time , it could do more harm than good .
tr	NN	John stepped off the asphalt and paralleled the dirt road , treading silently through the brush , choosing a circuitous route in order to keep himself concealed .
tr	NNS	We 've got the best doctors in the world working with him and they are going to do all they can .
tr	NN	She ties the sash neatly in a bow .
tr	NN	Mitch aimed his pulse rifle at the guard and started to pull the trigger .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples and still crying he gave her a bloodshot stare .
tr	NNS	The pirates fired shots at his chest , or else spent their energy chopping at his legs .
tr	NNS	Cassie lit the final four candles , one at each compass point , and closed the circle with her dagger .
tr	NNS	How many foes has he created in exchange for a single friend ?
tr	NNS	I sweep up the cards and shuffle them back into the deck .
tr	NNS	I grabbed a few plates of leftover food on my way into the kitchen to find Lilly and Aunt Syl .
tr	NNS	And while doing that , we might wipe out the ancestors of the minds that discovered time travel so that it never came into being .
tr	NN	Despite her efforts , Renna 's voice went shrill , echoing through the flight deck .
tr	NNS	He wracked his brains for any other details from the meeting in the chapel graveyard .
tr	NNS	I remember those systems .
tr	NNS	That earned a hiss from Isaac , but he did manage to ask using great control , " Is there something wrong , Sabrina ? "
tr	NNS	" Taking a swim there will shrivel your assets for a month . "
tr	NNS	" To many in the Central Systems we are considered criminals .
tr	NN	Very quietly , his back to her , he put the file back on the desk and closed his eyes with relief .
tr	NNS	" I 'd be risking my credentials and everything I 've worked for in my life . "
tr	NN	He always inserted hidden meaning into my name .
tr	NN	He made a grand gesture of bending down so she could put her foot in his hands to hoist herself up .
tr	NNS	Luckily we have taken measures to erase those footsteps completely . "
tr	NNS	I stumbled a few paces before I realized the cop was dragging me backward by the elbow toward his car , cussing .
tr	NN	The Basin Highway never had much traffic , so he didn 't fret about losing her .
tr	NNS	Peering in , he saw Anna handing cups to the woman and man and then to his mother .
tr	NNS	" You said ' sons ' - what about your sisters ? "
tr	NNS	He gathered his reins .
tr	NNS	" Why are you leaving Hand ? "
tr	NN	Instead he contained the urge and drew her beneath his arm .
tr	NNS	They all had their methods for working it out .
tr	NN	Please have the nurse on duty page me if you have any concerns . "
tr	NNS	I took deep , calming breaths and watched her for a while .
tr	NNS	Select two reliable drivers for each vehicle and park them in an off road position until the time of the pick up .
tr	NNS	" I always had doubts about that beach scene in From Here to Eternity . "
tr	NNS	But now ... now she 'd have those gaping sockets and her mouth would be ful of jagged teeth .
tr	NN	Her appearance , though , contradicted her fiery personality .
tr	NN	How could I ignore her plea ?
tr	NNS	That all of you kill yourselves ? "
tr	NNS	... The iceberg of a building had thirty floors below but only a few above .
tr	NN	" They 've been gilding the lily over at the police station .
tr	NN	Naomi nudged her playfully after a moment , probably registering Hanna 's uncomfortable expression .
tr	NN	By this time , the managers had heard the uproar and appeared .
tr	NNS	" Twice , " Cody said importantly .
tr	NN	I also note the sensation of touch .
tr	NN	In no time , he found the condom in his wallet and put it on as I watched with eager appreciation .
tr	NNS	He made her voice a caress as he said her name .
tr	NN	" That no one in this country really gives a fuck about eating Moby Dick and his friend Flipper , except those fucking nationalists . "
tr	NNS	Then we each spit on our hands , smacked our palms together , and the deal was struck .
tr	NNS	I had extra patrols on alert for any threat ; I picked those men myself .
tr	NN	He washes out the jar and dries it , and then we start dumping jelly beans into the empty container .
tr	NN	A chill skated down his spine .
tr	NNS	Then , he checked his mirrors by moving them around a bit and then placing them back to where they were in the first place .
tr	NNS	Annie had encountered several gentleman dogs on her unplanned excursion , and the puppies were diverse .
tr	NNS	Next to him , Dr. Martine slowly set down his wineglass .
tr	NN	One of these days he would return the gesture .
tr	NN	" I " ve never seen the dwarfs like this . "
tr	NNS	He preps the needles , each one holding dye that will soon be on my skin .
tr	NNS	He thrust his pelvis against her core .
tr	NNS	If I find one and clear it out , I find the light balls there . "
tr	NNS	A trickle of unease feathered his senses .
tr	NNS	I took a few bites of the lobster .
tr	NNS	If her aunt had seen some of the places Lexi had lived in her life , she wouldn 't have made excuses for this pretty little trailer .
tr	NN	Maddie shoved her playfully , and her friend went on .
tr	NNS	If you go , I 'll have nightmares .
tr	NNS	Jarrod Ridge has four restaurants and six bars .
tr	NN	Good intentions or not , he only had so much willpower .
tr	NN	" I never had that effect on crusty old Dr Barrymore . "
tr	NNS	I 've observed members of his team here , but they 're friends of his . "
tr	NNS	We can play cards , billiards , or just watch the fire from the leather couch . "
tr	NN	Nick dropped his backpack by the door before he crossed the small area to hug her .
tr	NNS	" How about tha ionic inversion intervals ? "
tr	NN	I just needed a release of tension , of energy .
tr	NN	He opened the fridge and stared into its depths again , hoping for something to have materialised over night .
tr	NN	I grabbed a branch and ripped it from its trunk , snapping it over my leg in frustration .
tr	NN	But we can 't tell anybody . "
tr	NN	If Doug 's in a hurry I could just empty out a tea jar and fill it with the stuff .
tr	NNS	Grieg enjoyed the after-hours meetings .
tr	NNS	Had I ever taken the matching sandals to be repaired after I 'd noticed the strap coming loose ?
tr	NN	Not the first time had Violet heard that and she replied , ' Gee whiz , Mom .
tr	NNS	I studied her stiff motions and tight expression .
tr	NN	The table has a real tablecloth and china settings as well as another floral bouquet .
tr	NNS	It has beautiful hardwood floors and tall Victorian windows which look upon The Isle and sea .
tr	NNS	He possessed human desires .
tr	NN	" You have a good stable .
tr	NN	Marianna stopped in front of the crib , her hands gripping the lowered railing that would never be raised again for their daughter .
tr	NNS	Raffaele picks up several smooth pebbles from the floor .
tr	NNS	Back at the table , we buttered our biscuits and said our little prayer , and dug in like we were starving .
tr	NN	I felt a momentary pang of panic as he unbuttoned my jean shorts , but it passed as soon as I looked into his eyes .
tr	NN	" Nat found her vase . "
tr	NNS	She added several pairs of socks , plus clean underwear .
tr	NNS	Ethan smiled thinly and crossed his arms .
tr	NNS	In the background , he heard the unmistakable reports of small arms and automatic weapons fire .
tr	NNS	He saw railroad tracks fanning out into Waterloo Station .
tr	NN	" After all , he 's speaking our language , not the other way around . "
tr	NNS	Very carefully , Corinne pressed her palms protectively over her baby .
tr	NNS	If he stayed , he would forget his obligations and be happy , but he would do so at the expense of his parents and siblings .
tr	NNS	Hugh had already read several South Carolina tourist guides on the flight over from the UK .
tr	NNS	The enemy is learning their capabilities and starting to use them .
tr	NNS	My dad hated doctors .
tr	NN	The thought pops unbidden into my head , just as thoughts of him have been springing up right and left since I met him .
tr	NN	The 1801 Margaux does cost more .
tr	NNS	" Bitch nearly ended any chances of me having kids . "
tr	NNS	Dean pressed his pelvis into her , forcing a light groan from her soul , which strengthened his resolve .
tr	NNS	At her desk , she made all the necessary arrangements to leave the office for a few weeks .
tr	NNS	" He is , " she said fervently .
tr	NN	Nia hit the bony knob with her sword , and the weapon flew from her hands .
tr	NN	Then she noticed his medallion , and her smile faded .
tr	NNS	" If I was the kind you refer to , wouldn 't I be ' undying ' dangerously ? "
tr	NNS	At least she had Max 's supplies and some clothes .
tr	NN	Her hands shaking , she carefully pried the lid off to see what the box contained .
tr	NNS	Once they were back home , they took the stolen items and hid them in their " secret hiding place . "
tr	NNS	Trust me , Doctor , each of my twins will have several genetic fathers , not just me . "
tr	NN	" Steely Pate made me a good strong helm , m ' lord .
tr	NNS	" That 's because I 'm a master of stealth , " he said slyly .
tr	NNS	Bond had no illusions about being able to beat this terrific man in unarmed combat .
tr	NN	She could see the depression of his body on the bedspread where he had sprawled earlier .
tr	NN	Errand went around the tower and found a large stone that had been turned to reveal a doorway .
tr	NN	Toby didn 't tell the waitress at the diner that he came from their near neighbour further up the mountain .
tr	NN	Paul throws down the pencil on the table where he was drawing a tattoo .
tr	NN	Besides , Morgan wants the goodwill of Cooper Industries and not the bad name that they might have made around Portland .
tr	NNS	" Kiran can Dream Walk .
tr	NNS	She sounded a little breathless on the phone .
tr	NN	He owed me a favor . "
tr	NN	I pulled the comforter over my head , but the air got hot and stale , so I got up to call my parents .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her palms into her eyes .
tr	NN	Tabitha placed an entire doughnut into her mouth and swallowed it whole .
tr	NNS	" Like you and me , it has no powers whatsoever in normal time . "
tr	NNS	I did not entertain illusions ; others would have already combed every shadowed pool for mortals .
tr	NNS	I didn 't count the human criminals we 'd had to deal with in the line of work .
tr	NNS	They 'll pay you a thousand dollars and you don 't have to write the screenplay . "
tr	NN	He picked up a stuffed alligator and tucked the soft toy into the crease of his bent arm , holding it like a baby doll .
tr	NNS	" Some papers listing the prices of tea and the times of tea auctions , but other than that , nothing but dead spiders . "
tr	NNS	" I don 't know the mechanics of it , " Lindsey said , " if that 's what you 're asking .
tr	NNS	My bottom lip quivers as I feel his hardness between my legs .
tr	NNS	They said " Hello " to the teacher and proceeded to sit down at their desks .
tr	NN	Chapter Sixteen Waking up , Hannah felt the cold , wet cement against her cheek .
tr	NNS	The moonlight poured down into Misty 's backyard , rendering her colorful flowers pale ghosts of themselves .
tr	NNS	I 'll go grab Samson .
tr	NNS	Beck obviously didn 't like his command abilities .
tr	NNS	My gaze circled my surroundings .
tr	NNS	She could call her next two clients and tell them what had happened .
tr	NN	Others , I had only a sampling of .
tr	NNS	But ... through successful breeding , we 'll get the numbers we need . "
tr	NN	I removed the gag from her mouth .
tr	NNS	Case could see Scores sitting inside , moving a yellow pencil across a legal pad .
tr	NNS	Amira had pinned his hands up above his head , her face only inches above his , a bead of sweat hanging from her nose .
tr	NNS	Grabbing the glass of juice , I gulped down the huge bites I had taken .
tr	NNS	She pressed her breasts against his chest , slid her arms up to his neck and began to shuffle side-to-side .
tr	NN	Sam replayed the tape and hammered away at Bergamo 's weaknesses on offense .
tr	NNS	His audience turned glassy stares on me .
tr	NNS	She followed the tracks to the water 's edge .
tr	NNS	The sun was already breaking out her freckles although the sweat was drying on her in the air conditioning of ' arrivals ' .
tr	NNS	I kept up the house payments and started a business .
tr	NN	' Under different circumstances , I might have set my cap for him .
tr	NNS	Took about 4 shots ... she just charged at them . "
tr	NN	Out of the corner of her eye , she sees Alaric twist .
tr	NNS	He 's given up any claims to these children .
tr	NN	It sends an ache through my chest , and I rise from the chair to move closer to him .
tr	NNS	I should not take his attentions to heart .
tr	NN	Angry , Jack fired a telekinetic bolt at the sorcerer .
tr	NN	Alcide wouldn 't know an honest Debbie if she came up and bit him in the ass , though backbiting was a specialty of the real Debbie .
tr	NN	I followed the Camaro at a distance toward Watson 's residence , but the driver passed the turn into his neighborhood .
tr	NN	In his hand , Henry held a half-eaten doughnut .
tr	NN	We are reaching an era when such technology is both miniaturized and relatively inexpensive , leaving great scope for its easy deployment by terrorist groups .
tr	NNS	Queen Miranda has squandered the money reserves on public relations and forgotten what it is to be a leader -- if she ever knew .
tr	NN	Arik gave him a peeved glare .
tr	NN	Then he kissed away her discomfort until he finally felt her relax again in his arms .
tr	NNS	All that happened many generations ago .
tr	NN	Once she was out , then she would set free the Grizzly Spirit .
tr	NNS	We 'll have our ports opened up again .
tr	NNS	I choose a yellow sundress today , one that I picked up for twenty bucks at the end of last summer .
tr	NNS	A pair of trolls pounded stone clubs into a swarm of goblins , their shoulders and backs bristling with spears .
tr	NNS	Fernando filled vases with fresh wild flowers .
tr	NNS	She put both pairs on .
tr	NN	She wore a gown , and Della suspected it was Holiday 's .
tr	NN	While she was working on him , the girls explained the farm , streets , markets and many foods and wares for sale .
tr	NN	His fingers found her cl * t and began stroking it .
tr	NN	Each Council member announced his vote , arriving at a surprisingly split tally across the GNC 's human and Breed members .
tr	NN	" What occasion would that be ? "
tr	NN	It had a guard tower flanking either side , and could hold back an army if need be .
tr	NNS	I glanced over the statues and saw it .
tr	NN	While it was heating , I layered the tortilla casserole , including the grated cheese , and popped it in the freezer .
tr	NN	These events damaged his reputation among the ancient writers , though more recent historians have revised this opinion .
tr	NN	Stacy fought the urge to squirm in her seat .
tr	NN	We have a duty to reverse the damage they have caused .
tr	NNS	He passed the dogs on the other side of the shelves just after making the second turn .
tr	NN	The thought immediately sent a flutter through me , and I dropped my eyes back to my plate .
tr	NNS	I counted the houses .
tr	NNS	But , if you have to know , I 've got clients depending on me and I aim to deliver .
tr	NNS	I don 't want crumbs on me when I go to lesson . "
tr	NN	It bore a fox insignia .
tr	NN	I never abuse a potted plant when given access to a restroom less than three minutes walk away .
tr	NN	Yesterday we did not have the technology to survive it for very long .
tr	NNS	She repaired the breaks to his hands next , sealing the torn skin above his knuckles .
tr	NNS	Exposes of stables that abuse their animals fuel the fires .
tr	NNS	With my one-piece below the clothes I had worn to school , I quickly shed my layers and pulled on my wet suit .
tr	NNS	They give off signals when in use .
tr	NN	Fiona expertly stuffs a down pillow into a crisp pillowcase , gives it a swift pummeling , and then tosses it on the pile .
tr	NN	The effort to resist was all but consuming her willpower .
tr	NNS	Although she wore his shirt , it rode up her thighs , and he could feel every inch of her legs and higher .
tr	NNS	I asked Rhys the following morning once he had woken .
tr	NN	I throw a handful of paper towels on the floor and step on them to dry my feet .
tr	NNS	She made two cups of coffee and handed one to Peter , who let out an " Ah " of pleasure .
tr	NN	For all we know , this freak could have built a maze or something in that factory , or set up traps . "
tr	NNS	Depending on where they were going for dinner shorts might be to casual , so that left only the red sundress .
tr	NN	To find some closure .
tr	NNS	It takes all sorts .
tr	NN	You have the most spectacular rack on the planet , but I 'm sure you know that . "
tr	NNS	" I have five blue ribbons . "
tr	NNS	He could sense his surroundings as he floated above his body .
tr	NN	She indicated a second candy that looked like a miniature brownie .
tr	NNS	The police later identified the two victims .
tr	NNS	Rebecca might have pulled a few pranks on him in the past , but he 'd done similar things to her .
tr	NN	The glass doors to the entrance have a lightning bolt shaped crack in one , and a bullet hole in the other .
tr	NNS	" He got points for sleeping with different types of girls .
tr	NNS	I can 't even fire up the engines .
tr	NN	His arms gripped her soundly , encasing her in strength , comfort , and desire .
tr	NN	But as he was saying this stuff , all leaning forward , making all this eye contact , I really got the impression he was reading me .
tr	NN	More than once she 'd mentioned her admiration for the young man .
tr	NNS	" I 'll control my reactions , Lucien . "
tr	NN	They might have taken down the entire nursery . "
tr	NN	She 'd dropped her pen twice , and stuck it in her mouth at least a dozen times .
tr	NN	Ricky gave her some cake on the table .
tr	NNS	Once again we were at a steak place , only this one served ribs , seafood and a little chicken as well .
tr	NN	On the new path Riley passed a hollow stone cube .
tr	NN	He 'd felt her body tremble with the sorrow she 'd felt as he spoke of Blake , and that had torn him in half .
tr	NN	A chill runs down my spine as I look at the door to my English Lit class .
tr	NN	He received a glare when he sat down , sipping it in front of Joseph .
tr	NNS	You have in your possession certain items that are my property .
tr	NNS	Kate attached the wig clips to Peter 's hair .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	She rolled the parchment scroll out flat .
tr	NN	I could blame my seething jealousy on vampirism ?
tr	NNS	He set their cups down and they danced out onto the floor leaving Jason and I alone .
tr	NN	Tammy felt a pang of sadness flow through her .
tr	NN	" Did you hear that Mother ? "
tr	NN	I missed the pawnshop .
tr	NN	I felt his agitation .
tr	NN	" They 'll be throwing out the welcome mat . "
tr	NNS	I have relations , but not where I can reach them quickly .
tr	NN	I patted my backpack and tried to smile demurely , all the time resisting the urge to shout out and dance in the center of the room .
tr	NN	" Maybe we 're not giving Allison the credit she 's due . "
tr	NN	When a horse bolts , all the training in the world couldn 't help a rider with poor instincts .
tr	NN	I craved the union of our bodies with a hunger that only seemed to grow with each new discovery .
tr	NNS	I hate missing meals .
tr	NNS	Selena whipped the covers aside and left the bed .
tr	NN	" He owes me a favor . "
tr	NNS	Tolland had no illusions that this plan was anything other than a long shot , but he knew remaining here was certain death for all of them .
tr	NNS	You currently have four unique spells at your disposal , along with adequate universal spell abilities , and a skill at swordplay that is unsurpassed .
tr	NNS	" Your hard earned taxpaying dollars at work again . "
tr	NNS	I can do tricks with gravity that enable me to float . "
tr	NN	It will require your full concentration , and it will not be easy , " Amory stopped pacing and looked at me full in the face .
tr	NN	Everything about her shouted style ; from that expensive pen of hers , classy leather bound stationery to her immaculately polished fingernails .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't force the visions to appear .
tr	NN	As long as they didn 't hit an iceberg , of course .
tr	NNS	For me , our apartment represents loneliness , as forbidding as an unheated house returned to after a long absence in the sun .
tr	NN	I continued pacing , still holding the gun in my hand .
tr	NNS	As much as she respected the local police , she knew the hoops they had to jump through sometimes to stay within legal boundaries .
tr	NNS	I muster up a few brave -- or stupid -- insults in my head to occupy myself , however I keep my mouth shut .
tr	NNS	The workers covered their mouths in shock , all of their widened eyes fixed on the King and his councilmen 's bodies .
tr	NN	Sylvie could read their dynamic , and knew that if it went on it would be messy .
tr	NNS	This elicited gulps from her coworkers .
tr	NN	In one aisle she finds a rack of miniature die-cast toys .
tr	NN	He gave Tavi another glare , though it was less intense than the first .
tr	NNS	Just to make certain she was really awake , she dug her fingernails into her palms .
tr	NN	She lost her reputation and career as a result of that death .
tr	NNS	But she could hear dogs in the distance .
tr	NN	She didn 't remember the paper airplane being in the box earlier .
tr	NN	A chill shot up Tara 's spine .
tr	NNS	Not the stuck up noses or " Tuxedo Tom 's . "
tr	NN	She parked her rental behind his white Range Rover and took a deep breath before getting out .
tr	NNS	Although she smelled familiar and I knew who she was , she was so nervous , it drove my instincts wild .
tr	NN	His legs felt leaden .
tr	NNS	We 're talking probably tens of millions of people who were directly hit by the burst and who will be dead in forty-eight hours . "
tr	NNS	She had two friend requests so she clicked the link and saw who requested her friendship and she smiled at the sight of the first one .
tr	NNS	Uh , twenty dollars altogether . "
tr	NNS	Where do you keep the cigarettes ? '
tr	NN	A shiver trickled down Dee 's spine like a melting icicle .
tr	NNS	" We have some good leads .
tr	NN	hissed a customer , still standing in line .
tr	NN	Listening to the voices she felt a similar sensation to the one when she first arrived into this Viking world and Ulf was talking to her .
tr	NNS	I had suffered losses before .
tr	NN	You couldn 't escape an opponent who knew exactly what you were going to do .
tr	NNS	You can bet your millions on it . "
tr	NN	Tessa gave a snort .
tr	NNS	While you were checking out the Sisters of Doom . "
tr	NN	" Yes , " said a very groggy Raymond .
tr	NN	I could hear the pasta calling me , begging me to eat it before it got cold .
tr	NN	At that point cheese and tomato sauce slid off Edwin 's slice of pizza and landed on his chest .
tr	NNS	We want all the American Houses to succeed , to flourish . "
tr	NNS	Soon , they will converge and cover the tracks , the blood .
tr	NNS	Having your throat slit by an angry spirit did wonders for killing your appetite .
tr	NN	I hear his breath suck in .
tr	NN	" They call her Jody . "
tr	NN	Relaxing , she traced her fingertip along his hairline .
tr	NNS	Most likely , the new gods didn 't have his best interests at heart any more than their predecessors had .
tr	NN	I got a glimpse of myself in the mirror and stopped a moment .
tr	NNS	In any event , she had more pressing subjects to discuss .
tr	NN	Sofia smelled a sweet fragrance .
tr	NN	She drizzled honey into her tea .
tr	NNS	The lure of such a union overpowered all other interests in his mind .
tr	NN	At the start of the Burning Lamp project I promised you the fully equipped lab and funding that you require for your dream work .
tr	NNS	George 's heart skipped a few beats at just the sight of her .
tr	NNS	If it was only one or two individuals , why shut down activities for the remaining 300 ?
tr	NNS	" Did you leave your dogs inside ? "
tr	NN	Of course , she had also never seen the completed puzzle before , so it didn 't necessarily mean anything .
tr	NN	" In the end , we built a beautiful probe .
tr	NNS	We got some chairs and a cooler of cold beer .
tr	NN	" He married Mama because he knew a part Mexican , part Apache woman would never stand up to him or raise her voice to him .
tr	NN	They cannot recruit and train an asset .
tr	NNS	Seeing the flush of pleasure wash over her skin snapped the reins on his restraint and he came , the hot pulse jetting from him into her .
tr	NNS	A second jump would , however , mean multiple versions of myself walking around the fair , which would complicate things .
tr	NNS	" We 've got expiration dates .
tr	NNS	The Empire 's army headed straight to the government complex buildings , flanked on both sides by Blackhawk helicopters .
tr	NNS	Sawdust coated her black flats , but she didn 't seem to mind .
tr	NNS	Dryad hated flying dragons they never gave a smooth ride .
tr	NN	Lifted the tape again and ducked under it and walked back down the ramps .
tr	NN	Anyway , get outta here .
tr	NN	Into the darkness of the arboretum , following one of the narrow paved paths , the thief rolled the loaded cart .
tr	NN	Still poised to kill at his whim , Hunter issued a low growl as Corinne 's father let his ugly confession spill out .
tr	NN	A second later , he snatched the pizza with the little pepperoni cubes off my plate .
tr	NN	I am living proof that it doesn 't . "
tr	NNS	" Just grab your suits for the hot springs , and we can go ! "
tr	NN	Besides this , she kept a small shrine of her own at the front of the house , disassembling it whenever the space was needed .
tr	NNS	She scraped away the covers and snatched her silk robe from the closet .
tr	NN	I swallowed a lump in my throat and tried to speak but my mouth was too dry .
tr	NNS	I still had the hots for Jack Gray .
tr	NNS	" A long time ago , a male would give his woman a dozen roses for love , before they marred .
tr	NNS	Read my soul , you crazy-ass faeries .
tr	NNS	" Do you have any doubts about how deeply I ... .
tr	NN	Abbey controlled her urge to jump up and down and holler " Yes ! "
tr	NN	She 'll have a sampling from several designers for you to try on . "
tr	NNS	She pinned their diapers , tied their shoes , and sang them songs her mother had sung .
tr	NN	I could hear every rooster in the surrounding villages .
tr	NNS	I inhaled the same scents I had that first night in the Tahoe .
tr	NNS	Sabine slammed her palms against her head .
tr	NNS	" I 've made a few assumptions about you .
tr	NN	She and her company Pot Luck couldn 't afford the disaster .
tr	NN	Honestly , Brianna , women are stereotyped as witless , fragile , fainting at every hint of excitement .
tr	NNS	A breeze fluttered the pages and she turned to the one she studied most , the famous HOLLYWOOD sign .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers up around his neck , but it wasn 't modesty that drove him .
tr	NN	She detected my obvious discomfort .
tr	NN	She sets a laundry basket full of clothes on the coffee table .
tr	NN	While it is not an easy path that we tread , our work serves humanity and opens our only path to salvation . "
tr	NNS	" Have the centuries addled your mind , woman ? "
tr	NN	She got the impression he didn 't say a whole lot .
tr	NN	" I 've been collecting flower specimen for my father .
tr	NN	She checks out her mascara , and announces that no damage has been done and that she is good to go .
tr	NNS	Mazza always selected his best students to serve as captain of the Watson .
tr	NN	" Stitches ... " " Do you have a needle and thread ? "
tr	NNS	He and Claire now occupied the only two suites on that floor .
tr	NN	Ms. Walsh held the silver duct tape slightly above her head , like she was studying it in the light .
tr	NN	" I got ice cream ! "
tr	NNS	It didn 't matter who threw it , or what color it was , I could control all forms of energy .
tr	NN	They had seen a snake .
tr	NNS	She put biscuits in the oven , whipped four eggs for scrambling , then peeled and sliced a cantaloupe .
tr	NNS	When I first started nursing , we all had proper uniforms , a different colour for each grade of nurse .
tr	NN	" We had a blast ! "
tr	NNS	In his altered state , he was again debating which was better : orgasms or beer .
tr	NN	As if he had planned it , the zombies went after Caitlin and not him , thank god .
tr	NNS	Find your points of reference , and let 's turn a bit more to the east . "
tr	NNS	Besides , I got six other pairs I don 't know what to do with . "
tr	NN	Finally , around two thirty he emerged , clean-shaven , neatly dressed in jeans and boots , and bundled into his jacket and scarf .
tr	NN	And so began the shopping spree to end all shopping sprees .
tr	NN	He handed the rolled-up scroll to Solis , who broke the seal .
tr	NNS	I hated funerals , but I would 've felt bad if I hadn 't come .
tr	NNS	I 've survived both bouts of cancer , and I 'm definitely not the carefree girl I once was .
tr	NN	Executing perfectly , Rift dodges the swing and instantly returns with a devastating cross .
tr	NN	Tucker pointed his pistol up .
tr	NNS	Although she regained the ability to speak , she had lost large blocks of her memory .
tr	NN	Of course , the third one , a thin copper Yale key that looked like it would open a padlock .
tr	NN	A glorious freedom to plan and work toward the fruition of those plans kept the fallen angel giddy these days .
tr	NN	I can feel the net sending it at me again and again , trying to respond to the question in my mind .
tr	NN	Worse , the stagecoach had a shotgun rider and a second as a passenger .
tr	NN	He feigned a lunge to my right side , but then dove into my legs .
tr	NN	Alexa will be getting an attorney .
tr	NN	Except when Professor Metis talked about it this time , a shiver swept up my spine .
tr	NNS	Once he 'd warmed up , he made very few errors , though it helped that the chosen musical pieces weren 't terribly challenging .
tr	NNS	Everyone had torches pointing in different directions as they went .
tr	NNS	" Obviously this guy has other motives . "
tr	NN	Alarmed , I untied my apron and threw it in the dirty basket and started for the door .
tr	NNS	You have received DNA modifications against all known varieties of these pathogens " .
tr	NNS	It would cost her a hundred bucks she couldn 't afford to get new ones .
tr	NN	came a shout from the mass of people .
tr	NNS	The brothers lavished their meager funds on us .
tr	NNS	" I 've interviewed military members before .
tr	NNS	" We recovered the artifacts .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps where you 're concerned , I have my motives . "
tr	NN	He retrieved the rope from the hole and decided , enough .
tr	NN	Both times , she caught a glimpse of a small cabin sheltered beneath trees .
tr	NN	I found proof . '
tr	NNS	She tossed the cards to Casey .
tr	NN	She held a crossbow , the tip aimed directly at Mary Ann .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs at her .
tr	NN	The guards flipped the bed frame .
tr	NN	Vin whipped a dagger toward his neck .
tr	NNS	So he had given her a few drops of his blood to buy her a little more time , though he didn 't know how much .
tr	NN	Back before they had so much technology .
tr	NNS	It crushes weeds and flattens pennies .
tr	NNS	Then , to the crowd 's dismay , the Osprey tilted the rotors again and began to fly away .
tr	NN	She grabbed the knob behind her .
tr	NN	She pressed her cheek to his wet chest and held on to his shoulders , one hand still gripping the towel like a lifeline .
tr	NN	said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NN	I unlocked the trunk , and he removed the backpack and threw it over his shoulder .
tr	NN	McKenna shoved her playfully .
tr	NNS	The other sisters who have married humans had their powers and memories of the family stripped away .
tr	NNS	The front window of the shop showed large metal buckets of paint and large , wide , crudely bristled brushes .
tr	NNS	Matilda was placing labels on boxes .
tr	NN	He waved a salute and said , " name 's Charlie . "
tr	NNS	Daphne and Carson had both whipped out their credit cards to get tickets for al the games as soon as we 'd stepped off the chair lift .
tr	NN	" The fool , he refused the brand .
tr	NNS	The Storm Dragons are forming armies .
tr	NN	" I will bring you proof that this will never happen .
tr	NNS	See the wires ? "
tr	NN	I can 't do a sixteen-year-old perspective justice . "
tr	NN	" You mean our little incident on the Midway ? "
tr	NN	" Thank god ! "
tr	NN	But since this was totally none of my business , I choked back the indignation I felt on Quinn 's behalf .
tr	NN	He held up a newspaper clipping .
tr	NNS	You 've got a hundred Reboots here .
tr	NN	I handed the tiny clock to Roach .
tr	NN	He hated his uncle .
tr	NN	" It doesn 't take a rocket scientist to figure out why she didn 't come home last night . "
tr	NN	After running her hand self-consciously through her hair and making sure her robe covered any hint of nudity , she turned the dead bolt .
tr	NN	Catcher walked a block or so until he and Mallory stood directly beneath the El , then positioned her body so they stood facing each other .
tr	NN	After all , he hadn 't reached his stated goal of having me , which was the nicest way I could put it to myself .
tr	NNS	" You are making excuses now . "
tr	NN	Don 't you just love the chase ? "
tr	NNS	Part of the girl 's job would be handling cash sales when Past Perfect opened next week .
tr	NNS	Not that Tam had developed any illusions that Cain was anything more than a pretty monster like Jack .
tr	NN	All Conscious Beings Have A Body And A Soul .
tr	NNS	She 'd smelled drops of blood on my clothing and it had excited her enough to make her move away from me .
tr	NN	Intrepid online reporter and blogger known as The Other Patrick Stewart uncovered a fraud that really helped get him a larger audience .
tr	NNS	Like we 're sheep that need tending , they find the wolves to do it . "
tr	NN	He probably had this effect on any woman he came across .
tr	NN	" We had a great time , " she added self-consciously .
tr	NN	His grandfather 's hunting rifle ?
tr	NNS	Luca tosses the cushions off the sofa like he 's trashing a hotel room to find a suitcase of spy money .
tr	NNS	She swiped their cards and obtained their signatures .
tr	NNS	" You need a new mattress !
tr	NNS	The scent of incense and rich wood invaded her senses and she could see pale red bricks underneath her feet .
tr	NN	" We do take our faith seriously , if that 's what you mean .
tr	NNS	I would rather confront my fears , and even danger , face-to-face . "
tr	NNS	The dimming rays of sun mixed with the blue sky cast oranges , pinks , and yellows to paint the land .
tr	NN	Norman remembered the grid .
tr	NNS	" I need several samples of the detritus and silt , starting from the periphery and working toward the middle . "
tr	NNS	It could bring out a man 's latent gallant instincts , if he had any .
tr	NNS	On the opposite side of the car , Laura had performed the same maneuvers .
tr	NN	The vampire could very well have planned a trap for a bird winging through the sky .
tr	NNS	Erika needs chores , too . "
tr	NN	Doesn 't have the greatest range , but at a close distance it 's the best , and I love getting close .
tr	NN	Was it simply extremely bold economic espionage to gain a business advantage ... or something else ?
tr	NN	Chapter 26 The day after Elena received the title to her uncle 's house , she drove down the hill for one last look .
tr	NNS	God may have created the heavens and the earth .
tr	NN	One of the men , the biggest one , shoves her playfully in the shoulder .
tr	NNS	I heard noises coming from her bathroom .
tr	NN	She translated the international language of thirst into a fresh one .
tr	NNS	The hall closet held several rugged winter coats .
tr	NN	How can life start out so beautifully and end like this ? "
tr	NNS	He saw all his well-prepared arguments crumbling before his eyes .
tr	NNS	Women took lovers every day .
tr	NN	I knew the grief of losing a loved one .
tr	NN	She had the impression he wanted to shake her .
tr	NN	He spoke our language like he had spoken it from a small child .
tr	NN	They 're receiving an eyewitness sketch of him as we speak .
tr	NNS	Then Charlie remembered bits of his dream .
tr	NNS	It took several trips to quench their thirsts .
tr	NN	Finally , its artistic life has meaning .
tr	NN	He pulled a pen and paper out his back pocket and wrote .
tr	NNS	" Well , the people that have traveled many times are displaying some issues .
tr	NNS	Not that I 'm making excuses for him .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of his hands in the dim light .
tr	NNS	I gather the items and place them back inside my satchel and jump off the stage .
tr	NNS	I shoved my sweating palms into my pocket and shuffled past the main tent .
tr	NN	Carolyn didn 't envy her friend the task .
tr	NN	It would have given me great joy to do so . "
tr	NNS	" Not me , " he added , " I haven 't improved my skills since the other night . "
tr	NN	" You know the drill on that . "
tr	NN	He took the full measure of his body and then looked away .
tr	NNS	We get the batteries out and as much cable as we can .
tr	NN	He scraped the toe of his boot through it .
tr	NNS	But they were still both eating , they still had their priorities .
tr	NNS	They drove a few blocks and parked at the emergency room of the hospital .
tr	NNS	I do love surprises ! '
tr	NNS	She ripped pages and backed away , dodging around the other side of the brazier .
tr	NNS	I felt a little breathless .
tr	NNS	They brought their plates over with expectant looks .
tr	NNS	As he walked back to the porch he found both dogs under it .
tr	NNS	She gathered a few plates and rushed out of the room .
tr	NN	Mac pointed her fork across the table .
tr	NN	Off the hook , Artemis then took the infant to his father , who was furious over it .
tr	NNS	Jo dabbed the numerous bites on her arms and then started on her ankles and up her legs .
tr	NN	Writes code for the Ministry of Manna , and makes good money at it .
tr	NNS	After a while , she couldn 't keep the candles lit any longer ; not on the altar and not in her heart .
tr	NN	" To the treasure of my people no man has a claim , because Smaug who stole it from us also robbed him of life or home .
tr	NNS	" Because if I had such a good soul , how come I still had hallucinations ?
tr	NNS	When he leaned back , her gaze followed his movements with obvious suspicion .
tr	NN	He was clearly enjoying her discomfort .
tr	NN	She tossed the long-sleeved silk nightgown onto the neatly folded silk travel sheet already in the suitcase and went to the open doorway .
tr	NN	My parents had little option but to send in a matching amount .
tr	NNS	Basically they 'd stared daggers at each other .
tr	NNS	She births babies and will predict its future , provided the mother can handle the truth .
tr	NN	She kept her hair straightened , past her shoulders , and shiny with a dozen chemicals , as if hiding from her ancestry .
tr	NN	I picture the tide rolling in , wetting my feet .
tr	NNS	I had , this one time , exceeded expectations .
tr	NN	Naturally , his phone would be blowing up the cellular universe .
tr	NN	You have a very likable quality to you .
tr	NN	No longer was Kennan my pillow .
tr	NN	She dropped her pen .
tr	NN	He pulled out the CD the judge had given him and inserted it into the laptop .
tr	NNS	" Well , " she said wryly , " if this isn 't the place , we can at least wet our whistles .
tr	NN	He got the highest grade in the class on every English test , yet he didn 't understand the exquisite irony of this situation .
tr	NN	Then she picks up the iPod from the dashboard and turns on some Spill Canvas , before getting out of the car .
tr	NNS	Damon and I purchased racks of chips , too , and asked to take seats at the same table .
tr	NNS	Al ' ice had watched his actions carefully .
tr	NN	He twirled his pen between his fingers .
tr	NNS	Soon , I needed no special senses to know we 'd reached our goal .
tr	NN	" But can 't you see it 's fate ? "
tr	NN	" And we don 't have a dictionary or any means of deciphering it ? "
tr	NN	I returned the gesture , and we smiled like fools .
tr	NNS	Her two lovers . "
tr	NNS	My heart beats thirty beats a minute . "
tr	NN	Corinne nudged her teasingly .
tr	NNS	I watched the other students as I entered the cafeteria and noticed that there was something different about them .
tr	NNS	I have two thousand dollars saved up . "
tr	NN	And for that reason - I owed her my respect , even if it meant I had to be careful as hell around her .
tr	NN	Introspection confuses consciousness with thinking .
tr	NN	Why don 't you get a metal detector out there , see if you can find the bullet ?
tr	NNS	We set up our mats on the floor and took our seats as we waited for the instructor to begin .
tr	NN	I 'll warm up our stew . "
tr	NNS	" No , you aren 't calling the shots here .
tr	NNS	You have interviews today . "
tr	NN	You 're still wearing your school uniform .
tr	NNS	Now , all these years later , Olivia wanted those butterflies .
tr	NN	Love , strong and growing , a hunger , sexual and physical .
tr	NN	" We should totally join the circus . "
tr	NN	Maybe we should get outta here . "
tr	NNS	" Who removed the candles ? "
tr	NN	She pictured the baby 's quilt from which it had been cut , how she 'd stolen it before it was buried with her infant sister .
tr	NN	" We got a scanner in the post ofﬁce even now , and soon they say it 's all we 're goin ' ta have . "
tr	NN	Had someone deliberately set a trap for her ?
tr	NN	Oddly , there was also a nicely wrapped package with a ribbon and bow sitting on the coffee table .
tr	NN	" I appreciate your loyalty , Phillip .
tr	NN	In fact , he wouldn 't even let her admit defeat .
tr	NN	Ken had taken all the candy he bought and dumped it in the cardboard box .
tr	NN	" Regardless , I took his chiding hard .
tr	NN	Evidently , the new title hadn 't assuaged his hunger for power .
tr	NNS	Heather nodded in agreement and responded , " I would you plan our defenses for a battle in the canyon .
tr	NNS	I 'd left her breathless and she was trying to regain her composure .
tr	NNS	It matches my ballet flats perfectly .
tr	NN	He gave a hoarse shout .
tr	NNS	So he 'd written his confessions in what had amounted to a small volume , which had been fated to the bin .
tr	NNS	You know all the band members , right ? "
tr	NN	He grasped the hem and galloped along , sandals flapping .
tr	NNS	" Just like the Greek gods and goddesses ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll bet a hundred bucks that follower thing is telling her to go down there .
tr	NN	Milly handed him cream and sugar .
tr	NNS	Other males would lose their senses in the presence of a fertile female and I 've never had any trouble resisting .
tr	NN	Kevin brought up his leather briefcase and pulled out a sheaf of papers .
tr	NN	Jim lifted a tarp .
tr	NNS	I triple check my settings before I 'm confident .
tr	NN	She shakes her ponytail .
tr	NN	Apparently Jack didn 't meet her dress code .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of a dark suit , pale skin and hair that seemed to stand straight up .
tr	NNS	This time they ordered chicken breasts in a mustard sauce .
tr	NNS	I 've got samples of this and that ... all right , here you go .
tr	NN	" I can 't suppress the nausea .
tr	NNS	The fierce wind drove the drops against the front of Fiji 's place with more noise than she would have thought possible .
tr	NNS	You and me , both with men , both about to have babies .
tr	NN	Meanwhile Alex declared bankruptcy , and kept a similar distance .
tr	NNS	I have three companions .
tr	NN	I see the logic of your strategy !
tr	NNS	I 've had my doubts about him the past year .
tr	NNS	We all passed the various dishes around the table and filled our plates .
tr	NN	Pushing myself back up , I get grease all over my arms and backside .
tr	NNS	" Names , email addresses and phone numbers ! "
tr	NN	Floating in and out of my subconscious , I hear the growling , barking and cursing from Xavier as he tries to overcome his addiction .
tr	NNS	" How does a prince buy condoms ?
tr	NN	I feel my chin tremble .
tr	NNS	Giles stopped flipping pages and straightened his shoulders .
tr	NN	" You won 't like the punishment I give if you flee from me again . "
tr	NN	Someday you may need a favor . "
tr	NN	" Those accounts did not do justice to the reality . "
tr	NN	" Hi there , darlin ' .
tr	NN	" You shouldn 't waste your time baking .
tr	NNS	Reaching out , he used his powers to search for her presence .
tr	NNS	The Stain Maven My wife loves stains in clothes .
tr	NN	As the door slid closed , Billie admitted defeat and resigned herself to the idea of spending the evening at a nightclub .
tr	NN	He might not wield the ring of truth as other Sent Ones , but even still , she heard the certainty of his claims .
tr	NNS	I counted only four ships , but they were all huge ships of the line .
tr	NN	The skilled artist had captured that happiness beautifully as well as the hint of stubbornness in her mien .
tr	NN	Well I can remember every detail ?
tr	NNS	" Our evacuation plans involve the Underground tunnels .
tr	NN	" This should round out the fall semester nicely .
tr	NNS	Both will make fine meals .
tr	NN	The two boys tore apart the closet as the steady pounding of the dead continued .
tr	NN	Take another example for instance .
tr	NNS	He quickly summarized the terms .
tr	NNS	" He has his motives . "
tr	NN	Connor felt a tremble on the ground .
tr	NN	Together , the three of them spearheaded a protest against a culling of all humans deemed to be useless .
tr	NN	" Start another drip and call Dr. Devers for a consult . "
tr	NN	He patted my butt for emphasis .
tr	NNS	" Justin is writing song lyrics ! "
tr	NNS	I 'd rather take my chances with you . "
tr	NNS	I WOULD MURDER YOU , NO MATTER WHAT IT TOOK !
tr	NN	I gave her hand a squeeze .
tr	NN	In the upcoming novel The Milk Run , it 's going to be about experiences from an emotional perspective , screw the technology .
tr	NNS	I only have reports and briefings and rumours to keep me company .
tr	NN	He handed a jar that smelled of camphor to Tasha and indicated that she should dab some under her nose .
tr	NN	I walked out the pier several hundred feet before a small pavilion and floating dock ended this incursion into the marsh .
tr	NNS	Put our hearts out there .
tr	NNS	To stay ahead of it , they traveled back roads , avoiding main thoroughfares , threading their way south until they reached Nashville .
tr	NNS	I have made arrangements with the Barrington family to secure Lily 's future .
tr	NN	I beg your pardon .
tr	NNS	Some wore slacks while others had dug out black party dresses .
tr	NNS	" How did you go Jess ? "
tr	NNS	Markman studied his surroundings and tried to remember exactly where he was .
tr	NN	He tapped the keyboard and found the email he 'd sent to himself .
tr	NN	He held the fortune with anticipation for a moment , before gazing upon its words .
tr	NNS	Elsa put the plates down on the table , and Jewell 's first taste was an explosion of flavors on her tongue .
tr	NN	' So was born the set-up that we see today .
tr	NNS	Not finding a remote anywhere , he reaches for the dial and twists it until he lands on a station showing a news report .
tr	NNS	" They were just starting points anyway ... " " Maybe a diversion or something ... " Donny began , but was cut off .
tr	NNS	He had been expecting wonders , had been prepared for wonders , but not prepared for a goddess carved apparently out of green stone , yet alive .
tr	NN	So he ignored the impulse and got back to work .
tr	NN	" They found one Holey , Sir .
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to roll her eyes .
tr	NN	Becoming aware of just how her hands betrayed her inner anxiety , she dropped the cloth and it fell to the floor .
tr	NNS	They have millions and they keep to themselves . "
tr	NN	The Winner will be crowned the next Ruler of the Universe .
tr	NNS	I open my eyelashes , seeing .
tr	NNS	" I 'll give you six bucks . "
tr	NN	" The bodice has a particular style .
tr	NN	He tucked a wayward strand behind her ear and softly said , " With her . "
tr	NN	And he shook the scroll in her face .
tr	NNS	Claire could see white marks where Michael had held him .
tr	NNS	... Hey , I said extreme measures not reasonable ones .
tr	NNS	Might pull the wires out .
tr	NNS	The single word held volumes .
tr	NNS	The company had made no provisions for long distance phone calls .
tr	NN	Because she was pressed up against him , she also felt his arousal and was stunned all over again .
tr	NN	Perhaps if he drank from her before he turned into a werewolf , her blood would suppress the urge to kill .
tr	NNS	He brought his disciples out of the darkness of ignorance and into the bright light of hope .
tr	NNS	As usual , he walked the halls of the second floor , then took the stairs to the third floor .
tr	NNS	They had second cups of coffee , not caring that they might be up all night .
tr	NN	We treasure reputation with unbelievable intensity . "
tr	NNS	After several entertaining minutes he 'd come down a few hundred dollars but he was still a little higher than I wanted .
tr	NNS	Hyenas , they claim , will even eat the dates from their supplies .
tr	NNS	I bless the gods .
tr	NNS	I pull out my knives and take careful aim at the soldier closest to the farmer and the one most likely to harm him .
tr	NN	I got the distinct impression that she didn 't care much for me .
tr	NN	He pulled the clip .
tr	NNS	He had more pressing issues to deal with , particularly trying to keep Victoria alive .
tr	NNS	I mean , we saw the archives .
tr	NNS	He trusted the wolves ' instincts .
tr	NNS	" You hate berry beers . "
tr	NN	Then , as quickly as it came , the wound subsided its throbbing .
tr	NNS	We will be given new student cards from the college soon . "
tr	NN	He 's still wearing one boot , on the foot that isn 't in a cast .
tr	NN	With the blessing of her parents , he could court his precious Lynette .
tr	NNS	" This place gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	" For testing purposes , the prototype simply collects cell phone numbers .
tr	NN	He tapped his temple .
tr	NN	Then we have the confession , which the defense has attacked .
tr	NNS	And if you think I 'd take you home and leave you unprotected after you were nearly murdered ... Great gods of Olympus .
tr	NN	An ally that seeks vengeance craves retribution more than he wants to live .
tr	NN	Even if he thought the Council was a waste of time , he would fulfill his duty and attend .
tr	NNS	Fire raced down her thighs and back up into her feminine sheath .
tr	NNS	Instead , he fabricated tales of my viciousness and spread them far and wide .
tr	NN	" Just do me a favor and read the last letter in that envelope before I say any more . "
tr	NNS	" We 've got reports of movement on the road to the east .
tr	NN	I felt my face twist into disbelief .
tr	NN	The remainder of the article concerned the auction and the pieces that were going to be offered , most of which meant nothing to Luke .
tr	NN	Although the man was all straight lines and angles , his expression held soft humor .
tr	NNS	The door had embossed designs : fish , whales , anemones and , surprisingly , sailing boats .
tr	NNS	" Now you have all my numbers . "
tr	NN	whispered the hobbit , " and quiet as you can be !
tr	NNS	" And Grace helping him like his abbess .
tr	NNS	" She 's pulling weeds ? "
tr	NNS	" I 've been teaching folks how to shoot for a while now .
tr	NNS	These are called opportunistic diseases , since they would not occur unless the opportunity arose to attack due to the malfunction of the normal immune response . "
tr	NN	How he hated his drunken stepfather !
tr	NNS	" Dominic doesn 't make messes . "
tr	NN	Mr. Ryder deflected Dean 's advance and spun him to the ground , twisting an arm behind his back until it nearly snapped off .
tr	NNS	He 'd rarely seen gold marks .
tr	NNS	She takes three heavy , unsteady breaths and then looks back at me .
tr	NN	He picked up a handful and felt the sodden drag of it , like day-old porridge .
tr	NNS	" I 'm studying the artifacts from an archeological dig in Bremerton where , just recently , an ancient Native American village was found .
tr	NNS	Riley despised CCD classes .
tr	NN	Then Lydia gave a speech as Matron of Honor .
tr	NN	They presently have no claim on you .
tr	NN	A scar slashed down his right temple .
tr	NN	I check the clock to see that it 's already time for dinner .
tr	NNS	And I could pick up some island necessities for myself .
tr	NN	The arm had a blue uniform .
tr	NN	" So we 're only watching this crap so I 'll pay attention to you ? "
tr	NNS	I had visited three islands each was distinctive in how it had come through the Collapse .
tr	NN	It was not by any means an ideal defensive structure - but it was also far , far better than nothing .
tr	NN	" Stefan ... I don 't feel wel .
tr	NNS	" Why would I conduct interviews ? "
tr	NNS	She has some very interesting appetites .
tr	NN	Said Alonso , who wasn 't showing any surprise because he already saw the video .
tr	NNS	He didn 't even have the balls to look away .
tr	NN	She 's always telling me I need more patience .
tr	NN	" I like my privacy when I 'm home .
tr	NN	When we exited the tunnel I saw the deserted highway that stretched out in two directions .
tr	NN	He could see small fish darting to and fro in eddies , as if they were playing a game of some sort .
tr	NN	" You know the password ? "
tr	NN	" I did not get the impression the two were best friends forever or even temporarily .
tr	NN	The signature on the bottom line made Franco the sole owner of the Constantine holdings , including the chateau and Midas Chocolates .
tr	NN	Moving to her , he loosened her dressing gown and pushed it to the floor , then divested her of her shift .
tr	NN	" I 'm paying your debt . "
tr	NNS	" You boys get your plates over here . "
tr	NNS	Charlie lay only a few yards ahead of them .
tr	NN	Above them was set the star studded night sky but between it and them there were strands of pearly light carefully intertwined .
tr	NNS	" And you will see some very interesting changes in the coming year . "
tr	NN	She pushed the cart up and down each aisle , tossing a box of pasta in , some fresh vegetables , and a whole chicken .
tr	NNS	She only knew bits and pieces .
tr	NN	Embarrassed , I feel an urge to cover up my exposed skin .
tr	NN	She knew the bartender and they were talking about a common friend while he made her a cocktail .
tr	NN	I loved football , it was my life , but sometimes even I wanted a break .
tr	NN	Tara wasn 't convinced the rate they traveled was good for her baby and started to voice her concern .
tr	NNS	Both men were wearing night vision goggles , which made the sky and ground appear a bright pea green .
tr	NN	If you want to say something to me , you can contact my lawyer . "
tr	NNS	Jake 's close proximity to them increased his chances of stopping the assailant .
tr	NN	He gave his brother a pat on the back and said , " I love you too , Gio . "
tr	NN	The wrinkled cashier scanned each item , and Ethan paid for groceries with a swipe of plastic .
tr	NNS	They left their flight helmets , taking fresh weapons .
tr	NNS	The Public Works inspected half a dozen houses on either side of this one and declared the place safe .
tr	NNS	" And why can 't you do the dishes ? "
tr	NN	Matthew tossed his briefcase to the floor before buckling his seat belt .
tr	NN	He pulled a pillow from the arm of the sofa and looked under it .
tr	NNS	Everyone in Nazareth has tunnels .
tr	NN	The air smelled faintly of rotting fish .
tr	NN	They 'd simply been doing their duty , in a time of war , a long way from any command authority .
tr	NN	He had the statue of Saint Peter in his left hand and tried to scare the doves off with his right hand .
tr	NN	Avery stifled a yawn .
tr	NNS	Paula heard familiar police siren wails as she hit send on her cell phone .
tr	NN	" How cavalier , " I heard my father tease .
tr	NN	Curiosity overcame etiquette and she gently finished opening the door with her foot .
tr	NN	Her heart gave a great leap of fear - She had been discovered !
tr	NN	If you need our services , we only asked the normal rate of pay . "
tr	NNS	I loved the red tile floors , and the redecorating would be minimal .
tr	NN	" You can find a hobby that can occupy your time .
tr	NNS	The end tables had utilitarian lamps with plain white shades , and Miranda had added a few crystals around the room .
tr	NN	I have done no harm . "
tr	NNS	She patted the raw , red stripes on my leg with a cloth dabbed with foul-smelling liniment .
tr	NN	A cold wind swept down my spine .
tr	NNS	He wore several layers of clothing across his body and a large trench coat .
tr	NN	I 've done every manner of jobs from working in shops , to running tennis clubs and teaching in schools .
tr	NNS	I give Sera a thumbs up and we continue swimming .
tr	NN	They could also hear a terrifying cacophony of braying horses , exploding guns and fighting men in the distance .
tr	NN	Apply as much pressure as you can ... we must contain the bleeding . "
tr	NN	He slipped the backpack on , clipped its buckle around his waist and tightened the shoulder straps .
tr	NN	I felt the blood drain from my face .
tr	NNS	He 's worked the waters around there . "
tr	NN	I have too much stage fright .
tr	NN	Every stroke over her cl * t had her cunt tightening around him like a fist .
tr	NN	" She shore can play the fiddle . "
tr	NN	She can only cause harm to herself .
tr	NNS	Later , of course , she 'd blame her uncharacteristic actions on having had a drink or two and on the crazy Vegas environment .
tr	NN	Soldier after soldier passes the rumor , " She got hit by an arrow , and fell to the ground . "
tr	NNS	How much Spirit is that ? "
tr	NN	" He 's got a talent for picking on the one thing guaranteed to push someone 's buttons .
tr	NN	We should toast Tyler 's success . "
tr	NN	She 'd sleep more soundly and wake up to the promise of tomorrow .
tr	NN	I did offer him a massage .
tr	NN	From the moment I sit down , I feel a lump in my throat .
tr	NN	It gave a loud protest while she dried herself as quickly as she could .
tr	NNS	The blond kid didn 't have the same issues .
tr	NN	She said it sharply , her lashes lifting , her eyes blazing with fury .
tr	NNS	He requested metal paper clips and staples .
tr	NN	Mary slid the deed across the table , sat back and began wringing her hands together .
tr	NNS	" The Gray Book contains runes even I don 't know . "
tr	NNS	He had heard the tales but never took them seriously .
tr	NNS	A pale , bluish scar ran down his ribs , making her wonder what had happened .
tr	NN	The date reference reflected the actual creation of the Province of the West Indies .
tr	NNS	I can see the wheels turning in his head .
tr	NN	Callum grabbed a pen off a nearby desk and we played tic-tac-toe on the back of a deposit slip while we waited .
tr	NNS	The waitress came and took away their plates .
tr	NNS	" A hundred dollars . "
tr	NNS	" Neither do the dates .
tr	NN	" What the fuck did you do to me ? "
tr	NNS	Did ghosts even have bare knuckles ?
tr	NNS	Line up the deer in your sights , and bam .
tr	NN	The guy had obviously snapped , his sanity gone .
tr	NNS	The surgeon found his landmark points on the surface itself , and then placed his electrodes in the substance of the brain .
tr	NNS	He had some doubts about how far she might have come , how far from the edge she truly was .
tr	NNS	" We have the crews .
tr	NNS	When the coaches finally released them , she drew her sweats on over her running shorts and tank top and slung her backpack over her shoulder .
tr	NN	Abby ordered a pizza and watched TV while she waited for it to arrive .
tr	NN	She sneezed a sneeze that looked like it would be hard enough to send spasms through her entire body but ended in a dainty little squeak .
tr	NN	I am nearly done The Milk Run and that will dump another year 's worth of blog posts on my desk .
tr	NNS	The waiter cleared away our dinner plates as Gabrielle Roussillon informed him that the meal was marvelous .
tr	NN	" But I have proof .
tr	NN	I heard waning gunfire .
tr	NN	Heart filled sorrow , igniting pain .
tr	NN	I put the painting back on the wall , knelt down and peered under the bed .
tr	NN	Sir Albion raised his wristwatch to his face .
tr	NN	" Very old farm .
tr	NNS	Why does he hide his reactions so well ?
tr	NN	" Ben Rhodes has generously set up a trust fund for Noelle , like he did for David 's other daughter .
tr	NNS	What she shrugged off as a mugging at first , wiped away her illusions of what the attack meant .
tr	NNS	If Morris saw that wool , the prisoner had no illusions as to what the man would do .
tr	NN	' Two eighths make a quarter . '
tr	NNS	You have abandonment issues . "
tr	NNS	Halfway down the steps , another unsettling shiver of awareness stirred Gwen 's senses .
tr	NNS	Had my eyes been playing tricks on me ?
tr	NN	" Even if he deserves to be taught a lesson .
tr	NNS	But then , she had given them such a nasty look when they had reached for her rear , they never actually checked her back pockets .
tr	NN	She felt the hard , thick ridge of him that proved exactly what he was feeling for her .
tr	NN	He swallowed the lump that wanted to choke him .
tr	NNS	Tom took the torches out of their boxes and dropped them in his bag .
tr	NNS	We 're just employing our enhanced skills . "
tr	NNS	I tuck one blonde , disobedient curl behind her ear and touch a finger to her tiny , perfect nose .
tr	NN	While he waited for his target , he assembled the odd looking rifle and loaded it with ammunition .
tr	NNS	You 've all seen those massive highway systems that the people on Earth like to build , right ?
tr	NNS	Walking onto the beach , he takes his sandals off .
tr	NNS	They both had GPS capabilities .
tr	NN	I gave him a hearty pat on the back then turned with the intention of finding Collins .
tr	NN	Shana considered that option for all of half a second .
tr	NNS	" I 've been balancing some scales . "
tr	NNS	" Well , first of all , we definitely need reinforcements .
tr	NN	I swallowed some orange juice , set the glass on the floor , and closed my eyes .
tr	NNS	How would all of the old Gene get channeled into the new ?
tr	NNS	I use my telekinesis to grab their blasters , smashing them to the ground .
tr	NN	She 'd undertaken the obligation to get Lauren to the appointment on time and now they were going to be late .
tr	NN	Grant saw her dab at her eyes and said , " Don 't cry , Nic . "
tr	NN	He grabbed a towel from the rack and wrapped it tightly around Guy 's wrist .
tr	NNS	" We bought antique window frames from them . "
tr	NNS	Which no doubt explained the candles and matches on the coffee table .
tr	NNS	As you say , the Spacers have extraterritorial rights .
tr	NN	Jazz flagged down the flight attendant and got a Sprite , which she figured was the Americanized version .
tr	NN	She had depth of character that was usually missing in the people who sought out his financial advice .
tr	NN	Meli slid the plastic across the table to him .
tr	NN	A princess cut blue diamond with small white diamonds surrounding it .
tr	NN	Yet the cannibal had no patience ; he leaned in , opening his maw .
tr	NNS	Or , if they were willing , he might promise them all sorts of things .
tr	NNS	I had your best interests at heart .
tr	NNS	The closer he came to the base of the waterfall , the more he felt currents tugging at him .
tr	NNS	" Why do you guys have cigarettes ? "
tr	NN	Close by , too , but ... again , I can 't get a clear impression . "
tr	NN	" They make the guards ' food here , too , " she said brightly , seemingly not at all bothered by this .
tr	NN	I just can 't get over the resemblance .
tr	NN	Kate took her fork and cut off a corner of the golden bread .
tr	NNS	Rachel rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	Her gaze scrolls up my legs , my stomach , and it makes me kind of uncomfortable .
tr	NN	Coba offered no resistance as his god flung him back .
tr	NNS	' We have three gigs . '
tr	NN	Dennis fought the urge to kick the couch .
tr	NN	" Why would God create the universe , and then leave us with no definite proof that He exists ?
tr	NNS	She glued the pages along the periphery of the entire text .
tr	NN	Ezra watched this spectacle from a few feet away .
tr	NNS	" I ain 't ever tasted bear steaks before . "
tr	NN	The others followed his example , like a team about to explore an unknown cavern .
tr	NN	We 're pulling together an armed squad to go in and find out who these people are and where they 're located . "
tr	NN	She sniffed skeptically , " a reminder of what ? "
tr	NN	They 've developed the technology to manipulate some of Earth 's physical laws , like gravity and radio waves .
tr	NNS	For most of the day , the women rowed the graceful vessels around and around the island .
tr	NN	The screen showed the polished sphere .
tr	NN	Then he grabbed the steps ' railing to secure the kayak as Chrissy stepped in .
tr	NNS	But I had to admit , I 'd brought these beloved innocents to a place of remarkable significance .
tr	NN	Sam smirks and takes another practice swing .
tr	NN	After stretching the surveyors twine over the new stakes , Maggie and Frank started the difficult task of restoring the bottom of the pit .
tr	NN	Then she was holding a cloth wrapped bundle .
tr	NN	She attached the wagon to him , saying , " Tanka , please walk slowly as I want to keep watch for danger . "
tr	NNS	Collected a few cents , though .
tr	NN	Aside from his research , he felt an obligation to be available to students .
tr	NNS	He mumbles obscenities under his breath as he walks to his room .
tr	NNS	" I 'm giving her morning hugs , too . "
tr	NNS	They 'd even brought plastic plates , forks and knives .
tr	NNS	" Can get provisions now . "
tr	NNS	You 'd lost your powers .
tr	NNS	# After breakfast , before Gass left the table , Fergus called Alexis .
tr	NN	" Oh my god ! "
tr	NNS	But he was always making jokes , or pulling pranks on my mother .
tr	NNS	' Um , don 't you have any gems or beads or amulets or anything ? '
tr	NNS	Pen stops and takes a few deep breaths .
tr	NN	Besides , as I told my father , Charlotte has too much potential to just lock her away .
tr	NN	Everything about it screamed opulence and wealth .
tr	NNS	At least Reginald Ball had given up his feeble attempts at courting me ; now we observed an easy quiet during our sketching sessions .
tr	NN	Picking it up , Duke studied the casing .
tr	NNS	You could see small birds flitting in and out making nests and bringing food to their young .
tr	NN	Truck drivers deliver cargo for a living .
tr	NNS	We have contacts in all sorts of places , Miss Gray .
tr	NN	I handed a fish to Mitch .
tr	NN	" Nope ... um ... why don 't we get out of here ? "
tr	NNS	The Communists leaders impressed their citizens , showing how communism improved everyone 's lives .
tr	NN	" Oh my god . "
tr	NNS	The smell of burned hair and flesh emanating from him made Karen nauseous .
tr	NN	Penelope was pushing the wheelbarrow .
tr	NNS	I finished the dishes and walked into the bathroom and started brushing my teeth .
tr	NN	" She 's got a cloth tied across her eyes . "
tr	NN	The constant pain in her back didn 't help her attitude .
tr	NNS	" You have keen instincts . "
tr	NNS	" I can go to him , " I told Maximus .
tr	NN	The next morning , she returned the favor , and then some .
tr	NNS	I clean up the dinner dishes and place them onto a rack .
tr	NNS	And a few very favored clients .
tr	NN	But he also had a reputation for extreme cruelty and banditry .
tr	NN	Rasputin lifted the hem of his robes with one hand , like a lady with a ball gown , and led them forward .
tr	NN	" And what package was that ? "
tr	NN	He did a sweep and nabbed the handles all in one huge fist even though there were ten of them , some of them large .
tr	NN	When did you regain consciousness ? "
tr	NN	He can steal treasure that is not his own .
tr	NNS	" He saw ghosts in the mirrors ? "
tr	NN	I played some blues .
tr	NN	I wearily rewound the film out of the canvas bin , careful of the fragile splices .
tr	NNS	The three newcomers filled their plates from the buffet tables and found themselves a seat .
tr	NNS	Both brothers grabbed beers and cigarettes and nervously watched the entrance to the dressing room .
tr	NNS	Her gaze turned venomous .
tr	NNS	He had fangs that could pierce a girl 's soul .
tr	NN	Instinctively , she checked the peephole , but that didn 't do any good .
tr	NN	Once we cross into the no-fly zone , you open the rear ramp for us to bail out . "
tr	NN	" They set a trap for us , Rhona .
tr	NN	She had her pistol out as well .
tr	NN	As I stared at the vial in her hand , I felt a cold suspicion trickle through my thoughts .
tr	NNS	What other sorts of terrors could he create ?
tr	NNS	Paul brought the dishes to the sink as Adrienne stored the leftovers in the refrigerator .
tr	NN	" Please , can you just call her Maureen from now on ? "
tr	NNS	" I mentioned the cameras my employer has installed in my house -- -- " " Ah yes , the cameras , " he said .
tr	NN	Each shouldered the large , and somehow beautiful , Barrett M83 .50 caliber sniper rifle .
tr	NN	You have gained my respect .
tr	NNS	Opening them , I took deep breaths of the fresh sea air , relishing the relief it brought me .
tr	NN	Fortunately , taking the offensive seemed to work .
tr	NNS	Just then , the door to the small building flew open and Lauren jumped away from him so quickly , she almost fell backwards .
tr	NN	She clasped the brake that Errol was shocked in a sudden halt .
tr	NN	" I just got an e-mail from you and thought I 'd call you .
tr	NN	As I spoke , I kept the work bench between us .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples and tried to focus .
tr	NN	He 'd had the very difficult duty of calling Hector in Vancouver and advising him of the death of his nephew .
tr	NN	He held up the candy he 'd found and said , " Talk about unprofessional , what is this ? "
tr	NN	Reaching up , she yanks the elastic out of her ponytail , letting her hair fall down over her shoulders and back .
tr	NNS	" Seems like the NSA just called off the dogs .
tr	NN	Tasting the need for vengeance -- for a final , bloody justice -- like potent liquor on his tongue .
tr	NNS	" I 'd say more than two packs a day . "
tr	NNS	" If I was successful , he would give me the lands of Belmont Court when he passes on . "
tr	NNS	" Well , " he muttered to himself , " before we get that far I might have a few surprises for Flattery . "
tr	NNS	Then he violently crumbled his biscuits into his broth and began stirring the contents angrily with his spoon .
tr	NNS	I bite the insides of my cheeks to stop myself from smiling .
tr	NNS	" Okay , Kyle , where did you see the mattress ? "
tr	NN	My subconscious was probably having a breakdown .
tr	NN	I watched her climb out of the pool .
tr	NNS	He stopped mere inches away .
tr	NNS	A father had rights to his child , and Ari had no qualms about enforcing them .
tr	NNS	I 've had such awful nightmares .
tr	NNS	Simon and Viv exchanged phone numbers , then she hugged him tightly .
tr	NN	The voice was pitched low , the dialect and accent eerily similar to Jacques ' .
tr	NN	I grab my backpack , smooth down my sweater , and face the door .
tr	NN	" I 've already got some juice , and cereal 's fine .
tr	NN	He wore no jewellery , not even a watch .
tr	NN	Just as she stretched her body along his , someone tried the knob and then knocked on the door .
tr	NN	I touched the brim of my hat in his direction .
tr	NN	I 'll text you the code to get inside the gates .
tr	NN	He took his time answering .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	Or how she and Samantha would discuss European politics and brush up on foreign languages together .
tr	NNS	As Eduard and the others walked they saw tracks and the occasional broken tool but no actual goblins .
tr	NN	And that her father called her Livvy .
tr	NNS	The full contact of his body , flush against mine , sent my senses into chaotic overdrive .
tr	NN	I felt the stinging of tears behind my eyes .
tr	NNS	I have The Coffman twins and the Sanderson brothers on it .
tr	NNS	She might not entertain gentlemen in her rooms , but she certainly entertained them somewhere in the Grotto .
tr	NNS	They were pulling items off and begging for them , even if they didn 't like them .
tr	NN	I heard a car door slam and went to the window .
tr	NNS	She 'd already received her class assignments , and according to Annie , she 'd failed miserably in choosing her electives .
tr	NNS	He had no throwing knives but , free of these shackles , he could reach the old man in just a few bounds .
tr	NN	Mina didn 't see any fish in the area and wondered what Ana was aiming for .
tr	NNS	I have several novels in progress , and plot outlines for 40 + , all set in the early 19th century .
tr	NNS	Annie made the changes , deciding on Comic Sans , and sat back to examine the effect .
tr	NN	It had a duck carved into the handle .
tr	NN	He gave an easy but detailed construct for them to visualize and Emily followed his instructions .
tr	NN	Did their justice lack all logic ?
tr	NNS	" Please , " she said , voice ragged with her breathing .
tr	NNS	" I mean no diseases and I 've got condoms . "
tr	NN	Kara swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	She stared daggers at his hand , which was literally pulling her up and out .
tr	NNS	Heath handed Gremlin 's reins to Jace and slid off his horse .
tr	NNS	I got the appropriate forms , filled them out and handed them to the officer in charge .
tr	NNS	They don 't have ships , so we don 't arrive in ships -- equal footing .
tr	NN	He has a profound and unexplainable effect on me .
tr	NN	" He just hit the nail on the head with that one . "
tr	NN	He swallowed the liquid in one gulp .
tr	NN	" You have an overactive imagination . "
tr	NNS	He patted his jacket pockets and found a pad as Jane brought him a pen from a drawer in the kitchen .
tr	NN	Rena pushed a pen around on her desk .
tr	NN	It made my heart ache , thinking of that burning kindness within him that so few ever saw .
tr	NNS	" Check out the icicles . "
tr	NNS	She carefully puts the photographs back in the envelope and puts the envelope in a safe corner of the bookshelf .
tr	NN	It had a collection of music , and a player , and equipment to show films , a selected assortment arranged ready for his use .
tr	NN	He wore only a loose white t-shirt and ripped , brown leather pants .
tr	NN	He has charisma , and the women of court would probably describe him as handsome , in a rugged sort of way .
tr	NN	Olivia upped Mandi 's bid , and the bidding war had begun .
tr	NN	" I 'm getting the impression you really care about this woman . "
tr	NNS	He wrote down all the numbers on the truck and called it in .
tr	NNS	But they did control ancient powers .
tr	NNS	Looking around I saw snakes and pieces of snakes on the ground .
tr	NN	From the corner of my eye , I caught a glimpse of the expression on Mike 's face .
tr	NN	It would crush Pia 's faith , too , and her belief in herself when this Portal didn 't open .
tr	NN	Both Olivia and I nod in agreement and Greg grabs the bloody wheelbarrow and we all head back outside .
tr	NN	Both of us only had a backpack , but somehow our things multiplied as we took over the room and made it ours .
tr	NNS	Me suddenly disappearing will only raise suspicions .
tr	NNS	He made a few more ticks on his clipboard and then turned to her .
tr	NN	It takes expert timing . "
tr	NNS	He was shaken , as was I. I was limp on top of him , his arms weighty bands across my back .
tr	NNS	As a courtesy to the pulpit , the Jaycees had manned the chairs all day to make sure they were available when the show began .
tr	NNS	I can hear her gasping breaths , see the blue tinge to her skin .
tr	NN	The church ladies loved matchmaking .
tr	NN	She must have seen the announcement of the engagement and then the photos of the wedding .
tr	NN	asks the dragon who was talking the most trash about my dad .
tr	NNS	That , of course , probably meant higher prices for housing .
tr	NNS	And those that stay don 't get too many requests for tours .
tr	NN	He tapped out a code , so softly that Ezio wondered that anyone within would hear .
tr	NN	" 1st avenue between 8th and 9th street . "
tr	NNS	I made a few trips to Vegas to check you out , make sure I had the right girl .
tr	NNS	I don 't see any markings . "
tr	NN	Catherine had a real skip in her step as she walked home .
tr	NN	" Looks like neither of us gives ourselves enough credit . "
tr	NN	Placed on top of the mound of soil , it made a crude gravestone .
tr	NN	He then pulled a small pistol out of his jacket breast pocket and another object from the side pocket .
tr	NN	" She doesn 't take any crap .
tr	NN	It sent bolt of electricity through him .
tr	NN	She gave a choked moan , leaning forward as she met him thrust for thrust , their movements growing more frantic as they hurtled toward completion .
tr	NN	I turned the knob and heard the click of the door catch releasing .
tr	NN	" Slaves who can shape get the best treatment .
tr	NNS	And how many pages did this little book hold ?
tr	NN	Holding his breath , he entered the stall and knelt beside the old man .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to snap and further put a damper on their lunch .
tr	NNS	Tara had never noticed the similarities before .
tr	NN	Otherwise we can 't spend too much resource on an alarm malfunction . "
tr	NN	He bristled , her rejection stinging , especially after what they 'd just shared .
tr	NN	" Because it helps the economy .
tr	NNS	They snapped them quickly , the wires falling down loose toward the ground .
tr	NNS	" These people had families . "
tr	NN	They built the shrine directly over his grave .
tr	NN	He had that effect , as if he were a magic elixir that erased all the bad .
tr	NN	She gripped my shaft and lowered herself onto me , inch by torturous inch .
tr	NN	The girl dampened the cloth in the bowl of herbal substance , and smeared it on the large red gash stretching across his right arm .
tr	NN	Taking her jacket in case the weather turned nasty again , she headed down the hill to the Seattle waterfront and the Pike Place Market .
tr	NNS	Zack stares at my nametag , which is located on my chest ; quite convenient for him .
tr	NN	Jack shows a recliner sofa to a gay couple .
tr	NNS	' Firelight attracts bugs , and the bats are hungry . '
tr	NNS	He ran his thumbs beneath my eyelids , tracing the tears away .
tr	NNS	He no longer held any illusions of immortality .
tr	NNS	Call off the dogs .
tr	NNS	It featured positions for half a dozen footmen , and each was occupied by an armed man with a hard expression and confident hands .
tr	NNS	Emily took a few more forks from the pile and placed them at the rest of the seats .
tr	NN	She gave him a warning glare .
tr	NNS	Plus , we have medical teams to train .
tr	NN	Your father could hire another witch to find you . "
tr	NN	I give him a shove , satisfying the urge I had to touch him .
tr	NN	" You 've had so much sorrow in your life .
tr	NN	He 'd promised his stepfather that Callie would be there , and Dylan wasn 't a man to take his promises lightly .
tr	NNS	I hear bits and pieces and I fill in the gaps . "
tr	NN	She got the impression that time passed by slower when he was there -- as if he froze time .
tr	NNS	She 'd avoided those items in her wardrobe that she considered purely off-hours attire .
tr	NNS	" I have connections . "
tr	NN	Mom turned the knob on the back of the stove .
tr	NNS	" You cursed the gods for me moments ago , but now she 's not important ? "
tr	NN	I 'm dripping red paint on the carpet .
tr	NN	Not until he 'd regained his sanity .
tr	NNS	' Morning , ' Danny said clapping palms with him as he passed .
tr	NN	I was standing at the pier , watching the burning ship , and next thing I know , I 'm blasted up the hill .
tr	NNS	Claire could still feel their sharp points at the tender spot on her neck .
tr	NN	" We have a land claim in court for this land . "
tr	NNS	Pausing to peek in her dresser mirror , she applied lip gloss and brushed her hair .
tr	NNS	' Slow brains ' ? "
tr	NN	The minute she lay down , she felt the starch drain out of her .
tr	NNS	In one suave jump , Stick lands on one of the tables .
tr	NN	As she let him finish his burger , she surveyed the diner .
tr	NN	A black and grey helmet had its visor open to the summer breeze .
tr	NNS	screamed Abbas , and the bowmen snatched their shots as Altair raced out of the courtyard .
tr	NN	" Well , I didn 't sell the Jag or anything .
tr	NN	" Helping me lose my rollercoaster virginity . "
tr	NN	He plucked a cube from his glass .
tr	NNS	She 'd rub her temples in confusion if there were a chance Tabatha wouldn 't pounce on it as a weakness .
tr	NNS	Didn 't Mike give you directions ? "
tr	NNS	" And no heels , get her some cute Tory Burch flats .
tr	NNS	Though my eyes were closed , I could feel the movements of his body as his head turned , checking in all directions .
tr	NN	' Not so , Mr Murphy , ask your lawyer . '
tr	NNS	" Passengers don 't do chores . "
tr	NN	" I 've met your definition of a creep , and it wasn 't even close . "
tr	NN	" Speaking of important things , has anybody decided what to do about the big problem on that hill ? "
tr	NNS	The man took off his goggles and looked at Blake with serious , dark eyes .
tr	NNS	He had purchased all the supplies on the list , and he had special presents for Juanita and Bonnie .
tr	NN	He shouldered his backpack and headed for the guard station , hoping spend time with the Aker family before heading to his special spot for the day .
tr	NN	It says private not restroom . '
tr	NN	They expected their payback .
tr	NNS	They take blood samples , test my blood pressure and shine lights into my eyes .
tr	NN	For a while after it hit , I heard an occasional moan coming from nearby piles of wood and rock .
tr	NNS	She held out the balloons , and let go of them one by one .
tr	NN	It took all the self-control she had to catch at his wrist with her hand , and hold it still .
tr	NNS	" I can smell lies .
tr	NN	I 'm just returning the favor . "
tr	NN	Without my mother , I had nobody to call and talk to .
tr	NN	The entire kingdom was celebrating the engagement and what was more , his people needed something to celebrate .
tr	NNS	After check out , I have two dollars and forty-six cents left .
tr	NN	Pris let out a yawn when I closed the door .
tr	NN	She didn 't bother answering , because this next part was the clincher .
tr	NN	His c * ck jerked and twitched behind her , throbbing and dripping with need .
tr	NN	He took a pinch and packed it into his lower lip , spitting out the stray flakes .
tr	NNS	Mrs Mason had put together some sandwiches for us , cutting them up in small triangles .
tr	NN	" How is it you have so much patience ? "
tr	NNS	She placed the items back in her pocket .
tr	NN	Jonas caught the dagger with easy grace and quickly dropped it back into its box .
tr	NN	" Know anybody ? "
tr	NNS	" Move the buildings closer together ? "
tr	NN	Lord Master Cronus needs a diversionary offensive to keep Lucian at bay during the final days of construction .
tr	NNS	They must have more supplies , more access to food , now that the Union army is in charge and the blockade is over . "
tr	NN	I kissed the ridge and tickled the cute little groove in the middle with the tip of my tongue .
tr	NN	The girl was wearing a plain gray gown that had seen better days but was clean and serviceable .
tr	NNS	Perhaps they could pry some bricks from the wall and discover ... something .
tr	NN	She had gained a third listener , a man with a grizzled cheek and a mean and rolling bloodshot eye .
tr	NNS	She could make no connections .
tr	NN	You would appear to be concerned about Evangeline and Caden 's well-being , you 're offering advice to avoid the chance of humans being killed .
tr	NNS	He 's got brains , no doubt about it . "
tr	NN	It has a bike rack on it . "
tr	NN	The thought of my rage hurting Abbi for months or years made my heart ache .
tr	NNS	I consider my ... abilities ... one of my sterling qualities .
tr	NNS	He handled the hotels , expanded , and branched into nightclubs .
tr	NNS	After some tea , Auntie consulted her cards and then silently she consulted Angelina .
tr	NNS	Men and women are wearing knives , revolvers , and bows in various combinations .
tr	NNS	We followed the twists and turns , scraping against the close , rough walls .
tr	NN	" I have an appointment . "
tr	NNS	We have thwarted visions before ; Matthew 's will be no different . "
tr	NNS	Laying her down on the soft mattress , I pulled the covers around her and bent down to kiss her cheek .
tr	NN	I didn 't appreciate the delivery method .
tr	NN	His eyes followed the perfect design of his exposed abs .
tr	NNS	We 've sent some samples to Antarctica 's lab teams for analysis too . "
tr	NNS	" You mean his genetics ? "
tr	NN	I opened the drawer , found a blank piece of paper , and handed her a pen .
tr	NN	Perhaps that would erase his smirk .
tr	NNS	As you seek to make sense of your own life , go back a few generations and learn about the people who went before you .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't have any other interests in her life . "
tr	NNS	" You 're carrying my babies .
tr	NNS	As the wobbles grew , the others changed clips and continued their relentless barrage .
tr	NN	" I 'm hardly centerfold material . "
tr	NNS	He gave a thumbs up , and we entered .
tr	NNS	She 'd refused a dozen offers of marriage by that time , some from princes of other lands .
tr	NN	" I demand respect and honesty at all times . "
tr	NNS	Oh , cautionary vampire tales ... nice to know they had those .
tr	NNS	Adelia perused the pages for so long that she didn 't hear as Gaston and Edric 's conversation grew dull .
tr	NNS	Then another arrow quickly hit the flailing deer .
tr	NNS	Choir had given me opportunities to sing in numerous contests around the state of California , and even compete in the gorgeous island of Oahu , Hawaii .
tr	NN	I let out a scoff and mumbled , " I think I know where he is . "
tr	NN	The feline green eyes flashed venom .
tr	NN	Jillian 's latest bout of teething meant the handful of weeks where she 'd started to sleep through the night felt like a dream .
tr	NN	His bulging , brown eyes scanned the smoke-filled landscape .
tr	NNS	Clary heard the stiffness in her own voice .
tr	NN	" Man he does look a little peaked around the gills .
tr	NNS	Get our cards read . "
tr	NN	But the necklace will also record the encounter , imprinting it forever .
tr	NNS	The smallest ones had two floors .
tr	NNS	Now and then we saw our allies on the road , going about their business .
tr	NN	The sight brings her no joy .
tr	NNS	He saw human remains in the middle of the street .
tr	NN	While Massey crashed about looking for glasses I uploaded the patch to his system .
tr	NNS	" Wel , you do have Divine connections .
tr	NNS	Sometimes he bagged a deer or an elk .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of one of the guard 's faces .
tr	NN	Hannah and Jake had had an incident with their birth control and thought there was a chance Hannah had gotten pregnant .
tr	NNS	I 'll tie his intestines around his neck and choke him to death . "
tr	NN	Having the three of us in that shot would ruin his reputation .
tr	NN	' We have a little announcement to make . '
tr	NN	Was she rejecting my proposal ?
tr	NN	" In exchange for Kai 's safe return , I will reveal the location of the Fourteenth Colony . "
tr	NN	I can 't take any credit for it . "
tr	NNS	She hired some workers in town , and the men worked at taming the garden .
tr	NNS	' As my Lord is well aware , goblins seldom leave their females and young behind when they go on hunting trips or even on raids .
tr	NNS	Halfway across town , Seth and Luke take out their cigarettes and crack the windows so they can smoke .
tr	NNS	An elegant black enamel door at street level admitted members to a small ground-floor lobby .
tr	NN	" Copy , Fever , " answered their radio pal with a serious Boston accent .
tr	NNS	I 'll open some beers . "
tr	NN	He held off landing .
tr	NN	He peels off his North Face and drapes it over my shoulders .
tr	NN	These people had declared their small and personal habitat as independent nations irrespective of the need of recognition .
tr	NNS	Elian could feel the old man 's nose hairs on his skin .
tr	NNS	The ad had detailed the changes -- date night , wine night , happy hour -- and included a number of coupons .
tr	NN	" See that blip . "
tr	NNS	Ellis carefully walked up and down the aisles that housed the marine and boat supplies , looking for anything useful .
tr	NN	Whoever they are , they certainly have a flair for the dramatic .
tr	NNS	Children of the wealthy have servants to do much of the work , so the males start practicing at an early age to become knights .
tr	NNS	" You 've got two shots , that 's it .
tr	NN	" Be seated , " said the Queen to the room as she alighted carefully from her vehicle .
tr	NN	My last chance had just gone down the drain .
tr	NNS	The girls gave me quick hugs and pecks on the cheek before filing outside to their respective BMWs .
tr	NNS	" I wear contacts .
tr	NN	They only had Carol 's assessment .
tr	NNS	He used the elements against her .
tr	NN	In fact , guard every possession you have .
tr	NNS	The few social programs still operating couldn 't support the growing numbers , and now jails were becoming the new shelters of the future .
tr	NNS	I started Barbara 's Bugs in Concord , in Devlin 's basement . "
tr	NNS	Besides , we don 't have ships like yours . "
tr	NNS	He would never expose the other dragons . "
tr	NNS	She turned the glossy pages until she reached the HotSpot feature .
tr	NNS	We didn 't dirty his dishes .
tr	NNS	It brought back so many nightmares , that smell .
tr	NN	We discovered the haunting . "
tr	NN	" I can see the crown . "
tr	NN	You might as well eat a dog turd burger and wash it down with a jumbo cup of septic tank .
tr	NNS	Alex flipped through the next few entries , perhaps a couple pages of them , before starting to see other dates .
tr	NNS	His family makes payments . "
tr	NNS	She shielded her senses against the heat of his hand .
tr	NNS	Miss Noles lit the candles , pointing out as she did so how easily the penguins lit , and how cute and funny they were .
tr	NN	" She 'll get her diamond the day we marry . "
tr	NNS	" Five thousand dollars ? "
tr	NNS	" But you still make those huge meals for Thanksgiving and Christmas , and you always baked our birthday cakes . "
tr	NNS	Rock took a few deep breaths and shut his eyes again .
tr	NNS	" There are lots more houses with their lights on .
tr	NN	Kaitlyn felt the same peculiar sensation she had on other occasions when he took her hand in his .
tr	NNS	In the distance , she could see the dancing pillars of light and , shortly after , the roaring plume of fire .
tr	NNS	If Aimee left on a hiking trip , she wouldn 't bring necklaces .
tr	NNS	As her talents expanded , I would manage her finances .
tr	NN	He could taste success .
tr	NNS	Nothing had ever altered the child seer 's visions before .
tr	NN	" Once we get back , you 'll have all the proof you 'll need . "
tr	NNS	The sun battled the clouds as the afternoon passed .
tr	NN	That struck a chord with me .
tr	NNS	We do have some good tool marks to work with , which reminds me .
tr	NN	She wore a crisp , green blouse and pleated , green pants .
tr	NN	Elle grabbed her fork and took a piece of the dessert .
tr	NN	She uttered a low moan of pleasure .
tr	NNS	In those days no one kept pets , so owners look like their weapons .
tr	NN	A winter 's - coming chill sharpened the breeze pushing through the screen .
tr	NN	It has such a bad reputation . '
tr	NNS	There were much more pressing issues happening at hand .
tr	NNS	Dr. Fox 's silence spoke volumes .
tr	NN	I still haven 't found a temp I like .
tr	NN	Andrew pocketed the tool and nodded .
tr	NN	He had no warrant , no probable cause , and no permission to search .
tr	NN	" So you never found the alligator .
tr	NNS	She still missed her companions there .
tr	NNS	Riley heard strange noises coming from him and grew suspicious .
tr	NNS	She passes out long golden necklaces to us .
tr	NN	" Pay out the rope .
tr	NNS	He used labels to describe each of the gold nuggets and fastened metal clips to the carrying case so it could be easily lifted off .
tr	NN	I feel a strange little ache at the thought , right in the middle of my chest .
tr	NNS	She hauled the white pages off the shelf and opened it on the desk .
tr	NNS	" Mack , " I warned , " don 't change subjects .
tr	NNS	" Eighty dollars . "
tr	NNS	As Nick slid into the booth , he noted the similarities in their faces and bone structure .
tr	NNS	It was mostly abandoned warehouses , which he thought had been torn down to make way for something useful .
tr	NNS	This only occurred in category six wizards when they were losing control of their ability .
tr	NN	He utters a quick greeting at each of us , then mumbles a command to the driver , who makes a sharp turn around the next block .
tr	NN	She used her thigh to rest on and wrote on its reverse .
tr	NNS	We 'll have sandwiches or takeout until they get here . "
tr	NN	But I have a deed to do , or to attempt , before I too am slain .
tr	NN	Ethan let out a low growl of frustration .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any afternoon meetings .
tr	NNS	She usually avoided crowds .
tr	NN	Without the earbuds he had no protection against the banshee .
tr	NN	I cursed my folly for putting myself in this position .
tr	NN	" Mom , Dad , meet your granddaughter . "
tr	NN	Twelve Thirty hopped and clapped his moustache together in excitement .
tr	NNS	High on adrenaline Danny thrust his pelvis into the back of his guitar .
tr	NNS	Chapter 4 Par 3 185 Yards The Equipment Leasing Business Bradford still had honors as the players approached the tough Par 3 , fourth hole .
tr	NN	I lift the wet cloth to his face .
tr	NN	He hadn 't voiced any direct opposition to me going home , but I could tell he wasn 't a big fan of the idea .
tr	NNS	Stepping further into the woods , James could feel the fallen brown pine needles matted on top of one another .
tr	NN	The children didn 't answer , they just expressed unspoken unease at the intrusion and got up to leave .
tr	NN	Shivers ran down his spine now that he realized he was standing in some sort of graveyard .
tr	NN	The cabbie honked his horn , yelling something obscene at me .
tr	NN	( Though some kids might have lost respect for Steve because they might have thought he was pretty stupid to start a fight with Warren . )
tr	NNS	" How about if we finish our beers first .
tr	NNS	We scrambled up the stacks and out of the window , running back across the road to safety .
tr	NN	I can feel a strange tingling sensation , like pins and needles .
tr	NN	' You see dat troll in der front row ? '
tr	NNS	He needed all his abilities right now .
tr	NN	They 'd rather see the prince 's nephew tortured than a random stranger , and chances were that both of the boys were in for it now .
tr	NN	So you see , I 'm simply fulfilling my duty . "
tr	NN	I would never wish her harm .
tr	NNS	This would hide my breasts , if such a thing was necessary .
tr	NN	Of course , he could see every little detail , but there was no time to perceive it .
tr	NN	The wooden floors and steps were run down , the paint chipping off .
tr	NNS	The overwhelming nature of the process effectively crushed the person 's mind ; hours of constant panic and fear drove subjects to regress into a fragile state .
tr	NNS	Most of all , she didn 't chase the cattle and they didn 't seem afraid of her .
tr	NN	Then we 'll issue a press release .
tr	NN	Gray 's team faced a daunting task to hunt through that corporate maze for Amanda .
tr	NN	The full moon and the crescent moon get all the publicity .
tr	NNS	" Take the needles and tubes out of Doyle .
tr	NN	" Learn to control your creation , the imp , or I will . "
tr	NN	He would inherit the throne .
tr	NN	A jolt of terror leaps up my spine .
tr	NN	And this eclectic collection of furniture and art .
tr	NNS	H.S. Stone 's publications include novels aimed at Young Adult and Middle Grade readers as well as several short stories .
tr	NNS	The Bishop knew perfectly well the conditions that our priests had to work in in those days .
tr	NNS	he heard his mother hiss and he shook his head .
tr	NN	" But she had no objection to you ? "
tr	NN	She got the impression to know these lands , she had never seen before and to know the knights she had never met .
tr	NN	She packed her backpack with a snack and headed out , double-checking the doors and windows were locked .
tr	NNS	" How many powers do you have ? "
tr	NN	" I 'd sooner enter a castle made of sand . "
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers up to her chin .
tr	NNS	" Today 's challenge is called Swamp Things !
tr	NNS	The shout echoed off the cliffs , full of command .
tr	NNS	" Two hundred dollars ? "
tr	NNS	They gave the deer to the army 's cook , stabled their horses , and headed toward the interrogation room .
tr	NNS	Does the victor get spoils ?
tr	NN	" He has , Your Lordship . "
tr	NNS	We have two sorcerers and countless fodder , and they have what ?
tr	NNS	Several times during the night , he physically stopped his mind from spinning , took deep breaths to control his pounding heart , and regrouped .
tr	NN	I see just the slightest twitch in his expression that on another day , with different circumstances would have turned into a smile .
tr	NNS	They don 't have the balls to steal the junk and then bluff it out .
tr	NN	He had given his bid .
tr	NN	Jesse orders a lime fizz , which is basically just lime juice and seltzer .
tr	NNS	She redoubled her efforts to writhe away , with as little success .
tr	NNS	Vin dropped her daggers with a quiet yelp , thrusting her hands forward and Pushing on the coins .
tr	NNS	Hannah asked her companions and they nodded in response .
tr	NN	Caden , whose hands rested near my pendant , felt the waver of heat before I did .
tr	NN	" A number of individuals are approaching the cockpit .
tr	NN	Now that we 're back in the village , I can muster a little more patience .
tr	NNS	Being a mercenary had its finer points .
tr	NN	Then she could face this new disaster that fate had thrown at her .
tr	NNS	One evening , he confronted Alexis and asked her why she hadn 't killed Dwayne .
tr	NN	Grayson got my meaning .
tr	NN	Grace wiped the soap from her eyes .
tr	NNS	" We were transferring the tapes according to the schedule . "
tr	NN	What Nik did next took Ice by surprise .
tr	NN	Horace waved the feather duster around in a figure eight .
tr	NN	By the way , have a safe landing . '
tr	NNS	If the Mississippi flowed south into the Gulf , you divided their lands and weakened their hold .
tr	NN	The scarlet robe signifies your willingness to sacrifice yourself for God 's purpose .
tr	NNS	I simply wanted my sisters to understand where you are with me . '
tr	NNS	Here you can also download additional samples and link directly to places to buy my books .
tr	NNS	" Easy , together we can coordinate and amplify our abilities like a coven can .
tr	NN	Good recon had pinpointed the location of the most loyal Chinese Army units .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't allow his doubts about Evie 's guilt to alter his plans .
tr	NNS	He found the tracks of the Ferrari easily .
tr	NNS	" I like my chances for a first shot better with the revolver . "
tr	NN	They shared the same lush primitive fury that was ready to combust at any moment .
tr	NNS	" She wanted her little spider babies to kill us and eat us . "
tr	NNS	The hall contained three security cameras that couldn 't be neutralized so once they made their move it would be all or nothing .
tr	NNS	Above the caw of birds and the chirp and scurry of chipmunks , I hear heavy footfalls .
tr	NN	He threw his napkin down .
tr	NN	She raised the towel to her eyes .
tr	NN	These acts of selfishness caused untold harm to their kids . "
tr	NNS	Max could very well cut all business ties with Kevin and his agency , but that would mean hurting Jacqueline as well .
tr	NN	But the man prefers his privacy .
tr	NN	The Latin verbs looked nonsensical , a made-up language .
tr	NNS	He saw birds fluttering about on the sidewalk below .
tr	NNS	I get my reports from Grant . "
tr	NNS	I have four more teams meeting me in here in about an hour .
tr	NN	I lit the final candle before I stepped back to inspect my deathbed .
tr	NN	" I have a proposition for you .
tr	NN	His gloved hand ripped the shoe from her grip and he knelt before her .
tr	NNS	Caterina pulled the reins of her horse in , so that it reared .
tr	NNS	Swiftly she dealt three cards to each man .
tr	NN	One or all of the Invictus could be saved , given extensive rehabilitation .
tr	NN	I 've got a buyer for this place and he likes it just the way it is !
tr	NNS	She told your folks that it was a perfect match .
tr	NN	Mara pulled a dish towel from one of the drawers .
tr	NN	The way I see it , I 've got some payback due me . "
tr	NN	I 'm only trying to help , I left a fish for you ! "
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to tear through the rocks with his bare hands and to hell with waiting on the crews above .
tr	NNS	I returned my blades to human hands again , and noticed it was bleeding , but not very deep .
tr	NN	My parents might finally have justice .
tr	NNS	It had layers and layers of the softest silk that somehow sparkled and glittered .
tr	NN	Holder sends the email , then takes my hand and laces his fingers through mine .
tr	NNS	" She has pots and pots of strawberry plants and she raises chickens . "
tr	NN	I had told the bartender I would come get him in a week and it hadn 't been more than a week yet .
tr	NNS	Was my subconscious mind playing tricks on me ?
tr	NNS	Any other requests , or am I just getting a bunch of stuff and making whatever sounds good on a given day . "
tr	NN	He still wore his vest but his dark buckskin jacket and his bedraggled Stetson hung on pegs near the door .
tr	NN	I passed the first niche , and then the second .
tr	NN	" The band geek has liquor ? "
tr	NNS	I 've counted eleven in the breach .
tr	NNS	" I 'll find the one , someday , " Eleanor said fervently .
tr	NN	" He had an operation . "
tr	NN	I put my napkin by my plate and pushed the plate away .
tr	NNS	" This is the border of the spider 's territory , " Allan told the sisters as they crossed the slippery logs .
tr	NN	He rubbed a purple lump on the side of his head for emphasis .
tr	NNS	He 'd accepted the prices he had to pay for them , had even considered the payments and the load they placed on his shoulders more privileges .
tr	NNS	She clamped her thighs around his hand as it wandered between her legs , steadily inching towards her core .
tr	NN	Apparently Philip took a lump sum retirement option .
tr	NN	He had a towel wrapped around his waist , but it was obvious that was all he 'd taken time to do .
tr	NNS	" Goliath paid nine hundred dollars to Houston General .
tr	NNS	His brother Nick , he gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	He dated models and debutantes .
tr	NNS	Once Sydney had left , Lizzie sunk into the bubbles , letting the glorious heat soothe away her aches and pains .
tr	NN	He found soap , shampoo , conditioner , and a folded towel on a bench between rows of lockers .
tr	NN	She raised her rifle while still moving .
tr	NN	I felt my body slam up against the wall and my head snapped back .
tr	NNS	" You ruined your chances for the Pro 's a long time ago . "
tr	NNS	This society would probably use gems for anything and everything including their electronics , energy generation , and perhaps even food replication .
tr	NNS	She average 24 points , four rebounds , and eight assists per game at 5 ' 10 " , but played like a point guard .
tr	NN	We started up the hill .
tr	NNS	It fell a few inches from her , hitting the metal with a clang and rolling .
tr	NN	" We could do some twerking , Nicki Minaj style . "
tr	NN	Ply your mischievous trade !
tr	NNS	I expect that one day , you 'll discover powerful skills . "
tr	NNS	And her students weren 't getting the basic concepts now due to her inability to teach .
tr	NNS	I would no longer need any guides for direction , but I would still take them along to run my camp .
tr	NN	" Sir , I believe the Corp of Army Engineers can finish construction in three years .
tr	NNS	He downplayed any political connections .
tr	NNS	Ashe left tire marks as he sped forward .
tr	NN	I glance up the staircase towards the general 's bedroom .
tr	NNS	The navy protected the Empire 's coastal waters as these metallic beasts sailed up and down the coast , searching for enemies .
tr	NN	Chapter Forty-two Kylie saw her mom flinch .
tr	NNS	He led his companions up a spiral staircase .
tr	NNS	I can 't even imagine a hundred thousand dollars in my bank account .
tr	NNS	" You could take classes and do something you really want to do . "
tr	NN	I quickly fetched the second nail .
tr	NNS	He practiced varying forms of dueling in anticipation for what was coming .
tr	NNS	But he had seen the cigarettes glowing and knew they were still there .
tr	NN	" She did the second review . "
tr	NN	A middle-aged man walked a golden retriever in the patch of grass between the gas station 's parking lot and a closed diner .
tr	NNS	" Did you catch those buggers ?
tr	NN	" We set a deadline and must stick to it .
tr	NNS	Joni inspected her fingernails and stepped into the room , keeping the settee between them .
tr	NNS	Then on to the wings where he found ideal settings for his workshop and living quarters .
tr	NNS	Again , my mind drifted backwards .
tr	NNS	He hooked his thumbs into her panties and pushed them down her round ass .
tr	NNS	It sunk my insides to my feet just as a loud , jovial voice sounded from our right .
tr	NNS	He would often act out society 's expected responses to situations , if only to see what all the fuss was about .
tr	NNS	I almost dropped my knives .
tr	NNS	The rest of them stuck their noses in the air and treated me like ... a stripper 's daughter .
tr	NNS	" I always treated my father 's servants with respect and kindness . "
tr	NN	Droopy slapped more tape over Maks 's mouth .
tr	NN	From four different directions she felt acknowledgment , and an urgency just as strong as her own .
tr	NNS	Other members of Society slap their fins on the surface of the water .
tr	NNS	The caps of the incoming waves could play tricks on the eyes .
tr	NNS	" Anna had all the numbers in a notebook in her purse . "
tr	NNS	He moved his flat palms around the glass in a gesture that reminded Case of a mime 's routine .
tr	NN	I pulled the hand towel from the metal ring , sliding the bottom drawer of his bathroom sink open .
tr	NNS	Reluctantly or not quite as reluctantly as he acts , he pulls the covers back and crawls in beside me .
tr	NNS	Only in Constantinople did his attempts to promote the way of the Assassin stumble .
tr	NNS	The black vehicle that approached had Directorate plates .
tr	NN	We sent out that video like two hours ago . "
tr	NNS	Now all he had to do was haunt the fringes of George 's imagination .
tr	NN	" Forgive my prying .
tr	NN	She didn 't have any proof , but her questions must have been making the politician itchy .
tr	NNS	Wandering confused around the ruins of what had been his civilization .
tr	NNS	He pointed out various shrubs helping me avoid the stinging nettles as we looked for rabbit burrows .
tr	NN	At the hem of her dress , he slowly gathered the material in his hands , lifting it until it was bunched at her waist .
tr	NN	He deserves a blue ribbon for best lay , but he 's more than that . "
tr	NNS	I 'd caught Lucius off guard by my impromptu attack .
tr	NNS	I had really bad burns and shrapnel had made a terrible mess of my legs .
tr	NNS	Not a lot of fourteen-year-old girls have the balls to throw themselves in front of an SUV to save their sister , either . "
tr	NN	Corry said goodnight , and felt more lonely and lost than he had ever felt in his life .
tr	NNS	I ordered our agreed meals and some drinks and found us both a table .
tr	NNS	Wished we had the heightened senses of wolves .
tr	NNS	" Since when do you keep tabs on me ? "
tr	NNS	It 'd put the priests in command of the nation , and priests don 't make very good rulers .
tr	NNS	Even assassins could have their hearts broken .
tr	NN	And if she did , he was getting good material out of it .
tr	NNS	I just have my connections . "
tr	NNS	I wrote my own lyrics , so I was poetic in a sense .
tr	NN	She 'd probably just heard a bird .
tr	NNS	Domestic police had no such jurisdictional issues to contend with .
tr	NNS	" Of course , we have photographs of her only as an infant .
tr	NN	' And finally , I want no more bickering !
tr	NN	" Wait , por favor .
tr	NN	He indicated the package Kaplan clutched in his steely fingers and met the man 's gaze confidently .
tr	NNS	New Arrivals White Eagle sent his proven disciples to the Birds ' Colony Infirmary .
tr	NNS	" We have our brains , our fists .
tr	NNS	He trusted his rationing skills better than those of this woman he didn 't know .
tr	NNS	Tarek muttered Latin prayers , a reminder that long ago he had been a priest .
tr	NN	Westlake quickly passed the buck .
tr	NN	" I 'm showing you your new nightgown .
tr	NNS	He poured two fresh cups and went back to the picnic table , placing one cup in front of Melody .
tr	NN	A jewelry store owner , in fact . "
tr	NN	Out in the hall , I dared a peek at him .
tr	NNS	The fresh snow would cover any tracks they left behind .
tr	NNS	He slammed his palms over his ears .
tr	NNS	His shaky hands have retrieved those two balls from his pockets once again .
tr	NN	" For the past decade he had been researching one specific theft .
tr	NNS	" A thousand dollars a week . "
tr	NN	Your mother 's got some height . "
tr	NNS	" We gave him five shots of it .
tr	NN	I put the CD player in my pocket , rolled up the headphones and put them there , too .
tr	NNS	He obviously made arrangements to be gone , so they feel he might merely be delayed .
tr	NN	The recruits wore ridiculous thick padding to ensure no one got hurt .
tr	NN	With that , he brought up his pistol and aimed it at her .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , we have snakes and all sorts of reptiles .
tr	NN	She pushed aside the expected pang of sadness and put on her brightest smile .
tr	NNS	The wind whipped the clouds across the sky and revealed a blue canopy with pinholes of starlight illuminating through the fabric of the universe .
tr	NNS	" Someone could shoot your dogs .
tr	NNS	I 'll make the arrangements . "
tr	NN	Clearing away dirt , leaves and twigs , he lifted the granite lid of a small stone box .
tr	NNS	He has on a pair of worn blue jean overalls and a pipe sticking out of his mouth .
tr	NNS	Like a cobra , her hand shot forward the last few inches to graze the handle and pull back .
tr	NN	A heartbeat later , Marcus Sullivan was chasing down the pop star who had stolen his heart .
tr	NNS	He 'd been learning his werewolf instincts for two years now , so he was cogent enough to analyze their meaning .
tr	NN	He felt a boot thud into the back of his neck .
tr	NN	" I saw a cherry blossom when I was locked up as prisoner in one of their rooms .
tr	NNS	" And they 're called diapers . "
tr	NN	She opened her mother 's refrigerator and was appalled at what she found .
tr	NNS	She abruptly halted her efforts as she noticed something strange about the victim .
tr	NNS	Yeah , I may have gotten a few numbers , but I swear you were my only girl .
tr	NN	From the second he 'd seen Fiona surrounded by those magic users , he 'd known true terror .
tr	NNS	According to him , every woman should own , or at least study , cats as a way of learning about male brain functions .
tr	NN	I felt a hot jumping sensation in my abdomen muscles and had to take several deep breaths to keep calm .
tr	NN	I want to emphasize again my caveat regarding the number of individuals this has the potential to effect .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the most childish and immature men make the best fathers . "
tr	NNS	I spotted the stone stools by looking for their eyes .
tr	NNS	On the fourth day , she finally checked her texts and emails .
tr	NN	Sheesh , little brother , I didn 't think you knew the meaning of all that . "
tr	NN	They 'd leaked enough material to bury Hunter under several life sentences .
tr	NNS	They carried traveling supplies for the trade of dried meat , fur pelts and spices .
tr	NNS	She 'd get a million more freckles on her shoulders and arms .
tr	NN	He grunted something dismissive .
tr	NNS	Throughout her endless life , she had welcomed only those three lovers into her bed , and all three had been gods .
tr	NNS	Both of them had brought light backpacks with essentials for an overnight stay .
tr	NN	He saw a cluster of skyscrapers off in the distance .
tr	NNS	" You can 't teach an old dog new tricks . "
tr	NN	" Probably taking a leak .
tr	NNS	I felt some control knobs inside the door with the palm of my hands and quickly turned them in different directions .
tr	NN	He patted the lump under his tunic .
tr	NN	Mindy read the Morse code aloud .
tr	NN	Scores eyed Case calmly .
tr	NNS	These animals have extra keen senses , clear sharp vision , and an overly developed set of survival tools .
tr	NN	" Maybe I should prime the pump ! "
tr	NN	His voice holds compulsion .
tr	NNS	Then , with one desperate heave , he had the reins .
tr	NN	She felt an odd stinging sensation as her palm touched the scribe .
tr	NNS	After starting her truck , she drove two blocks over , to the high school .
tr	NNS	" Oh , merciful gods , what have I done . "
tr	NN	Though he was and may still be a Buddhist , he expresses a deep respect for Jesus ; " He the one who answer prayers " .
tr	NN	You should have fulfilled your destiny .
tr	NN	A uniformed officer is directing traffic around the debris scattered in the road .
tr	NN	His voice made her insides quiver .
tr	NN	Through her , he felt her interaction with Reed and she felt the way that affected him .
tr	NN	A small bookshelf held row after row of books by Harper Dennys and Jacob Dennys .
tr	NN	The words sent a shudder down his spine .
tr	NNS	The damage to his skin probably hid many other such marks of pestilence .
tr	NNS	I don 't argue my points .
tr	NN	The house , being circular , directed the chase .
tr	NNS	" He made numerous efforts to contact me ... I rebuffed each one until he finally gave up . "
tr	NNS	The two lads grab chairs and assume the same position as Phil , whereas Rachel sits conventionally like me .
tr	NN	Or if you do , use a code , or invent a name for me .
tr	NN	" So why the hell did you make me give that gay little speech ? "
tr	NNS	Russian czars , going back to Ivan the Terrible , who built the Kremlin here , gathered volumes of knowledge and stored them in its vaults .
tr	NN	" Shut the fuck up woman ! "
tr	NNS	Remember , I 'm taking classes ? "
tr	NN	They 'd visited nightclub after nightclub with Susan 's picture and checked her bank account again .
tr	NN	Everything that could quiver in her body did quiver at the way he said the words .
tr	NNS	I just doubled the sentries . "
tr	NNS	He studied the ugly clouds .
tr	NN	" Let me hold you close , very close , " he unbuttoned her blouse and pulled down her skirt .
tr	NNS	He noticed open beer cans .
tr	NN	" She had a granddaughter named Olivia who I guess passed away , and apparently I look like the girl 's mother . "
tr	NNS	When the air held sufficient weight , I used the clustered molecules to lift the necklace from its perch and hover between my hands .
tr	NN	You don 't have the personality or patience .
tr	NN	On its third swing I had the timing down , and I took a swing of my own back at the leg .
tr	NN	Coop gives her a gentle pat on the back .
tr	NNS	We will conscript our armies and enforce the laws we forge together .
tr	NNS	Maya eyed the cards , because Selene seemed so excited about something , but they made little sense to her .
tr	NN	I have an important appointment every Friday . "
tr	NNS	And by that I mean the dogs .
tr	NNS	The deep navy color masked the brown mud stains .
tr	NNS	With that same impatient haste , he parted her thighs and rubbed himself along her wetness .
tr	NNS	" But the little priests , their Gods have given them the heavens as proof .
tr	NN	" Because she wants this merger .
tr	NNS	She massaged her temples and flinched at the headache rapidly gaining strength .
tr	NNS	A drone like bees .
tr	NN	Let the macho , muscle bound guy do the heavy lifting .
tr	NNS	As he hunts for the volume control , the shot of the news anchor changes to a scene of firefighters and trucks battling a building fire .
tr	NN	' I 'll bring my toy in from the south instead of right overhead .
tr	NN	' Everyone needs a witch .
tr	NNS	I only have a few more trips before the spell wears off . "
tr	NNS	It gave me fire dragon abilities .
tr	NN	" They have a temple here in the city ? "
tr	NNS	He cupped her breasts in his palms , his thumbs caressing the tips into hard , beckoning peaks .
tr	NNS	I constantly have little fragments of future tales floating around in my big bald noggin .
tr	NN	Chanting softly , she made a quick incision in his thigh .
tr	NNS	" Yes , I have samples of the 55 Asta and of the 130 Asta . "
tr	NNS	" Well - " " The bits of blood and gore still caught in your hair ? "
tr	NNS	" You don 't understand , " he said viciously .
tr	NN	She punched her pillow and slammed her head back down , wanting to ignore the images that popped into her head .
tr	NNS	Sarah loved foot rubs , the beach , and swimming .
tr	NN	" ' You want ale ?
tr	NNS	I 'll get one or two changes of clothing to put with whatever you pack of yours . "
tr	NNS	Where did you say my bats were , Minty ? "
tr	NNS	But there she only sank a few inches before meeting mud .
tr	NN	Or like an old fish .
tr	NNS	Someone mentioned drugs but I 'm not sure .
tr	NN	He felt a sharp pang of disappointment .
tr	NNS	As if directed um gently cupped its palms and held them facing each other about a foot apart like miniature acoustic mirrors .
tr	NNS	" Do you have any contacts at the Pentagon ?
tr	NNS	East keeps to itself a few pews in front of us .
tr	NN	I liked the sensation of the foreskin to play with , but I was sometimes too enthusiastic not to move something so delicate away from my teeth .
tr	NN	Joey felt a finality as he stepped inside , like he was entering a battle zone , and would be profoundly changed before he left .
tr	NN	I raise my boot and kick his head , but his mouth opens and he bites down on the toe of my boot .
tr	NNS	Now he was kneading her breasts with one hand , while trying to work the button on her jeans with the other .
tr	NNS	We had twelve regular members , which worked out well with twelve programs a year .
tr	NN	The twenty course meal that followed provided another memorable occasion .
tr	NN	Jacqueline gave him a teasing glare .
tr	NNS	He took a few shallow breaths .
tr	NN	She placed the package on the floor and then turned her attention to the bear .
tr	NNS	He would be quarterbacking the efforts from his mobile office -- the SUV .
tr	NN	" So I went down highway 33 for a while , then off a side road and tried to pick up the trail of the bus .
tr	NN	I took the frame back and blinked .
tr	NNS	Messick motions to the back of the courtroom .
tr	NN	But America , England , Mexico , Canada , Japan , Switzerland , and the Scandinavian countries adopted a more tolerant attitude .
tr	NN	It did not have the effect of either .
tr	NN	Prince of Light , hear my prayer .
tr	NN	He had a shovel later .
tr	NN	They formally renounce their claim to our throne ; we recognize their in de pen dent sovereignty .
tr	NNS	I 'd always had my suspicions about her death and know I find out I 'm right .
tr	NNS	It couldn 't have cost more than a hundred dollars . "
tr	NN	I found the terminal , checked in and turned around to sit down .
tr	NN	One by one , the prisoners were all escorted up an unstable wooden staircase out of the basement .
tr	NN	Abruptly , he turned off the burner and spun fluidly .
tr	NN	It had an ornate domed lid , probably made from ivory with enamel and wood inlays .
tr	NNS	Jeremy had given her the blueprints of the loft apartment building .
tr	NNS	They have severed their ties with you , regardless of your wishes .
tr	NN	I put my fork down .
tr	NNS	Gunner slipped the goggles from his face .
tr	NNS	It had abilities I wasn 't suspecting .
tr	NN	After Eris was dethroned , the Giants felt no loyalty to the new King and decided to take their kind elsewhere .
tr	NNS	He 's never eaten hamburgers . "
tr	NN	All-Star athlete Ryan Rea enjoys his high-profile status .
tr	NNS	Healthy bodies must fetch better prices , after all .
tr	NNS	Women , even intelligent , mature women , sometimes liked the emotional trappings of romance .
tr	NN	Although she would call her lawyer and set up a meeting with Tony .
tr	NNS	Even the guests had no personal robots in tow .
tr	NNS	Maybe later , in the evening , when there was less active interference , I would bring some magical paraphernalia and try again .
tr	NN	I lost my virginity when I was fifteen to one of the counselors at summer camp . "
tr	NNS	She 'd had her shots .
tr	NN	Shifting onto her back , she covered a yawn .
tr	NNS	She felt his hardness against her and the urge instantly came over her .
tr	NN	You bring so much joy into my life .
tr	NNS	" Are you saying evil witches and espionage are stressful ? "
tr	NN	' Their presence here was spoiling the whole valley .
tr	NN	Use caution , be watchful and stay safe . "
tr	NN	She picked up an ink pen and pad , paused , exchanged the blue ballpoint for a red pen , strawberry red .
tr	NNS	I slid my bloody knives back up my sleeves and dropped to my knees beside Owen , who was on his back on the floor .
tr	NN	He held up a blouse she noticed .
tr	NN	He only wanted the publicity so he could gather a larger crowd outside the theater .
tr	NNS	I checked all systems and the course chart .
tr	NNS	Those ships are towing even smaller vessels .
tr	NN	With a flourish , he opened the closet and flung back the sheet that hid Isaac 's Christmas gifts .
tr	NN	Varg 's ears flicked affirmation .
tr	NN	" Forgive me , my lord .
tr	NNS	He walked past stares from his co-workers , to his cubicle ; he knew maybe two of their names , not that they knew his though .
tr	NNS	The room itself was lending me no bursts of inspiration .
tr	NNS	They are hiring workers .
tr	NNS	I don 't see any old bites or gunshot wounds or anything .
tr	NNS	First thing Monday they would hear closing arguments , and receive the case before lunch .
tr	NN	Rob held the candle up high then down low .
tr	NN	Richard clutched his pulse rifle with both hands , fearing an attack was imminent when another branch snapped , followed by an unusual snorting sound .
tr	NNS	She lit two lamps and went to the bed , yanking back the blankets .
tr	NNS	She named the last few bits of metal , calling on the memorized emergency words they all kept in their heads .
tr	NNS	Maybe they eliminate the least favourable citizens first .
tr	NN	Bambi nudged my hip with her nose .
tr	NNS	Already , she had visions of the two of them taking New York by storm , the up-and-coming fashion photographer and his supermodel girlfriend .
tr	NN	You have my respect .
tr	NNS	" Whatever the lady desires . "
tr	NN	Taylor opened the refrigerator and turned to me .
tr	NN	Beale lowered the flute and said , " It 's a private place to practice . "
tr	NN	His mind was equating quantity with quality , so to speak , making the parallel series , which could not be done .
tr	NNS	Leaning against the banister , she tracked their movements through the house by listening to their footsteps and the sounds of doors being opened and closed .
tr	NN	He wiped drool from his lips .
tr	NN	He etches a salute .
tr	NNS	He felt his ribs , his thigh bones , even his internal organs breaking under the assault .
tr	NN	Give me a little proof or an experience like you had with your grandmother . "
tr	NNS	She could still admire his physical attributes .
tr	NN	He cited work exhaustion as his excuse .
tr	NNS	He did not offer his apologies , just up and left the room .
tr	NNS	" I hate bats . "
tr	NNS	Emma felt dizzy , and her knees buckled .
tr	NNS	The steam had barely cleared the mirrors when I kissed her shoulder and realized I had a problem in my arms .
tr	NNS	Many of the bricks that lined the walls and floor were cracked or missing entirely , piled along the corridors here and there .
tr	NNS	I playfully stirred up the insides , and I felt something abnormal , out of place ; soft , smooth , and long .
tr	NN	Xavier let out an exasperated groan .
tr	NNS	You hold some amazing talents .
tr	NNS	And I like the changes I see .
tr	NNS	Le Loop threw down his reins and hopped off his horse .
tr	NNS	The remaining advisors finished their reports .
tr	NNS	Away from the house , he would let the dogs off the leash , but they tended to follow behind him no matter what direction he headed .
tr	NN	As long as he got the advice .
tr	NNS	Bet your folks and your grandfather are climbing the walls about now .
tr	NN	" Certainly not the dragon , or he would not go on squeaking . "
tr	NNS	Chapter Two Daniel passed several members of his pack who gave him a quick nod .
tr	NNS	At that moment , a wave of ice pulsed from his body freezing all the wolves in midair .
tr	NN	You 'll need a mounting block if I 'm not here to lift you .
tr	NN	" Did you scout the location ? "
tr	NNS	I can climb tall buildings in a single bound . "
tr	NN	She felt more respect and reverence for a room she had always taken for granted .
tr	NNS	Richard conducted night raids , commanding a fleet of 20 helicopters and flying in tight formation over an area .
tr	NN	Playing the piano if they 're feeling truly frivolous .
tr	NNS	Mary fought her instincts and wouldn 't dare allow the materialization of the most obvious thought .
tr	NNS	" Do you fine , fighting gentlemen read mystery novels ? "
tr	NN	Luc whistled a show tune from a Mary Pickford moving picture and swung the bags in his hands .
tr	NN	I had her file memorized .
tr	NN	Hiro took an uneasy step backwards .
tr	NN	I ignored the grief that I felt and reached out with all of my heart to the space beyond us .
tr	NN	The night felt bittersweet .
tr	NN	" Well , there goes the neighborhood . "
tr	NN	He closed the magazine , slapping his hand on the table with so much force that the wood splintered under the pressure .
tr	NNS	" So , why the balloons ? "
tr	NN	He pulled one shoe and sock off .
tr	NN	The comment struck a lull in the conversation .
tr	NN	Scar took a sharp intake of breath from the warm touch , and tiredly opened his eyes .
tr	NNS	They exterminate the dogs and chew on cyanide , having instructed everyone beforehand regarding the disposal of their bodies .
tr	NN	" I do give you credit , Uncle Harry .
tr	NNS	He had worn someone else 's coats , passed down from a cousin or a friend , and they had never been heavy enough .
tr	NNS	" I practiced my talents enough in the past so I can please you . "
tr	NN	I have nobody who wants to be friends because they like me or anything .
tr	NNS	He is breaking his affectionate ties with me .
tr	NNS	Spencer didn 't house criminals , adulterers , or users regardless of the fee they were willing to pay .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of Eustace 's corpse , but quickly looked away and walked back to Cindy .
tr	NNS	cried the twins , at once .
tr	NN	Sarah felt her thoughts scatter in all directions .
tr	NNS	You haven 't been using drugs , have you ? "
tr	NN	A monk took the painting and attached it in the tunnel underneath the monastery .
tr	NN	Go get a massage or something . "
tr	NNS	I tossed both undergarments onto the floor with my dress .
tr	NN	I didn 't use any protection . "
tr	NN	Your brother had best pray she breeds quickly or risk losing his c * ck to frostbite . "
tr	NNS	' Three hundred dollars ! '
tr	NN	Remember the lesson of Tyre . "
tr	NN	Jain could not deny her husband 's logic , but she suspected that there was more at work .
tr	NN	Willy picked up a towel from the floor and started to dry off when he heard the scream .
tr	NNS	I pushed back the possessiveness that rose up in me .
tr	NN	They assuaged his thirst .
tr	NNS	She let out a long hiss of breath , then raised her jaw .
tr	NNS	" Why did you have the bees in your room ?
tr	NNS	A piercing alarm further shatters the night 's stillness , and then we see it : the Jumbotron is aglow .
tr	NN	A desperate backslash skips off a golden gauntlet as the hero briefly releases his shield to catch the sides in each hand .
tr	NNS	Humans must use the abilities they have been blessed with and join together to overcome this pestilence .
tr	NNS	An imposter has been ruling our lands .
tr	NNS	The virulent roots quickly plugged their spines into the cacti 's thick tap roots and were soon on their way to corrupting them all .
tr	NN	Lush had observed his patron for many years , and knew him well ; but he was unpredictable .
tr	NNS	Yes ; he 'd better call DeVries .
tr	NNS	Like I said before , the adrenaline will bring abilities out or magnify them .
tr	NNS	Jonas White will be keeping tabs on you , one way or another . "
tr	NNS	Lea remembered the directions to Julie 's house , so she could go and pay Julie a visit .
tr	NNS	Both equally heady notions .
tr	NNS	The descriptions of the intimacy and pleasure during the act left her breathless .
tr	NNS	The bastard should have signed the agreements by now , but he valued his honor more than his wife .
tr	NN	I wrote the review while we were dating . "
tr	NNS	" Ease off the steroids though . "
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples with his free hand .
tr	NN	I held the pillow she 'd slept on last night and pressed my face to it .
tr	NNS	" We offer you , citizens , the freedom of choice . "
tr	NN	Soon , she stiffened beneath him , her nails digging viciously into his shoulders .
tr	NN	Felt her entire body shudder with the shock of it .
tr	NNS	I need five thousand dollars , Mom .
tr	NNS	In this case , their actions were not having equal and opposite reactions .
tr	NNS	" All right , I 'll handle the meetings . "
tr	NNS	I swear , she baked pies and made wreaths and so forth just so she would have a reason to spread as much gossip as possible .
tr	NNS	Besides , I love my sisters , even when their choices affect me . "
tr	NNS	The velocity turned the pencils into miniature daggers and he didn 't notice them flying toward the back of his head .
tr	NN	The lead Chinese jeep had a similar white flag tied to its driver 's mirror , a Chinese National flag beside it .
tr	NNS	" I 'll never get his greasy fingerprints out of this fabric . "
tr	NNS	We raced the final yards to the elevator shaft just as the roof collapsed .
tr	NNS	" That woman gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	The dimness was playing tricks on his vision , his imagination .
tr	NNS	Just remember unlike most girls , I don 't except chocolates as bribes . "
tr	NN	The Dwarf pulled his beard .
tr	NNS	We had layers and layers of safety nets in place .
tr	NN	A few days before spring break , I had a spectacular meltdown .
tr	NNS	Just take a few deep breaths .
tr	NN	I might even cause an international crisis .
tr	NN	But when they spoke , their French accents clouded my earlier impression .
tr	NN	" Because we do , " he whispered , he moved a strand of hair off her cheek .
tr	NN	" How did you get this dagger ? "
tr	NN	His cool fingers gently glide down my spine before he brings me into his taut chest .
tr	NN	He could hear the crunch of their footsteps as he hurried across the bailey , and found the sound terribly grating .
tr	NN	He pulled out his red pencil and added an exclamation mark .
tr	NNS	Then she recalled the hand movements she 'd seen pitchers make and flexed her fingers a few times .
tr	NN	Scarlett set down her fork and knife , convinced there was something weighing heavily on his mind , something that had nothing to do with their marriage .
tr	NN	As they reach the staircase .
tr	NNS	" Feels like centuries . "
tr	NNS	It stops inches away from my throat as he towers over me .
tr	NN	" Would you like a generic brand if available ? "
tr	NNS	He 'll have my balls for dinner when he finds out I took an unknown guy up to your place . "
tr	NNS	A smile replaced her fears .
tr	NNS	I 've left one hundred dollars to pay for my meal .
tr	NNS	The Vampire race needed more females .
tr	NN	She ignored the plush furniture , elegant and pristine .
tr	NNS	" And the other Crew members who were there ? "
tr	NN	Er wagon , that is .
tr	NNS	That meant more lies and secrecy , and no possibility of real friends .
tr	NNS	I walk the trackless lands of my birth and I see Nomads still roaming , strong and free .
tr	NN	Using Shane 's muscular arm , I lifted the heavy briefcase out of the cab and walked down the professor 's street .
tr	NN	The same Ethan she 'd given her virginity to .
tr	NN	After making only one wrong turn , I found the food processing plant .
tr	NN	" They were defending their turf . "
tr	NNS	We made a few changes .
tr	NNS	Raphael shot daggers at Calvin .
tr	NNS	" And like you , I prefer my own forms of retribution , administered my way . "
tr	NNS	He told folks at the barbershop that Nora was the sweetest woman he 'd ever been married to .
tr	NNS	" Can you get those two missing pages ? "
tr	NNS	Without breaking from her , he separated her thighs again and drove himself back into her body .
tr	NN	One narrow hand pushed back the dark curtain that hung in front of her eyes , and he saw that it was a girl .
tr	NNS	Nikolas all but grew scales and breathed fire .
tr	NNS	Just being seen with him would have other women envious .
tr	NN	Suddenly she was fighting back the urge to cry .
tr	NN	* * * Ken brought a basket of clean laundry to the living room -- -- and found Katrina lying on a pile of candy wrappers .
tr	NNS	In times past , I 'd blown off dates under such circumstances , but the thought didn 't even enter my head tonight .
tr	NNS	No crime Boss attended meetings without their security .
tr	NN	" Crassus and his Knights Aeris have found us a decent patch of ground to land upon .
tr	NNS	Allowed her hormones and her need to sweep away rational thought .
tr	NNS	I could smell the lotus blossoms from here as their scent wafted onto my balcony from the gardens below .
tr	NN	No matter how bad things get , she always takes the sorrow away and clears your head .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't mean the miners -- they were not particularly strange .
tr	NNS	So you 'll only need these stopgap methods for a couple of centuries at most . "
tr	NN	" No , but you lost your farm .
tr	NNS	One make , which he recognized , could weigh a mere billion atoms .
tr	NNS	The moons bright white light reflected off the smooth stone cliffs and nothing moved .
tr	NN	It allowed the dragon and me to make a short retreat before Alicia appeared , parting the smoke as cleanly as though she were opening curtains .
tr	NNS	Yes , I enjoyed my sums .
tr	NN	On the dining room table sat a little circular cake , not encased in plastic .
tr	NN	In his nervousness he gripped the hem of his robe and began to twist it .
tr	NNS	He stepped backwards , and Alyosha left the sword embedded in him .
tr	NNS	Several of the elite hunters had followed the council members into the ground .
tr	NNS	It provided endless opportunities for worry .
tr	NN	She went barefoot , enjoying the feel of the soft carpet on her skin .
tr	NN	He 's wearing a vest . "
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to lose his temper .
tr	NN	I heard Raoul 's distinctive growl , and then heard it fade as he took off up the stairs .
tr	NN	Mikey mimicked the nod , eyes melancholy and brow furrowed .
tr	NN	" Come sta , bella cara ? "
tr	NNS	They walk a few yards to where the shaman sits .
tr	NNS	" Why a million dollars ? "
tr	NN	Did you get just one leak ? '
tr	NN	My eyes move past Taryn who is smiling coyly at someone , I assume Cash .
tr	NN	' Rabbit away , my buck .
tr	NNS	He picked up one of the pistols and showed me some basics anyway .
tr	NN	" You do not tell me my duty , Lord Emperor .
tr	NN	It sends a hot flow of heat up my body that makes my stomach somersault .
tr	NNS	This was going wonderfully !
tr	NNS	A knock at the door broke the stillness , and Cade tossed the coat back over the swords before he answered it .
tr	NN	Dee twisted the knob , backing the door open .
tr	NN	His steady hands snatched a neatly stacked towel from the shelf and added it to her arms .
tr	NNS	" I never questioned your motives , Gem .
tr	NNS	" And their weapon systems ? "
tr	NNS	" You 're getting better , " she said encouragingly , but she frowned as she took in my latest creation .
tr	NN	" They didn 't have juice in the vending machines and the kid needed something to wash down her pizza . "
tr	NN	Maybe I shouldn 't have taken the ecstasy .
tr	NN	His gaze was relentless as it settled upon Cade and though he knew what Cade was now I saw no fright in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Past him , I could now see figures silhouetted by the fire moving about and I could hear screams of agony and shouts of panic .
tr	NNS	Make apologies and take her out to lunch or something .
tr	NNS	Salt coats my lips , crusts my eyelashes .
tr	NNS	He holds out his palms to show us a series of small , metal devices .
tr	NNS	Howard Keller checked the runners .
tr	NN	They collected email from the other bases , and there was nothing significant happening there either .
tr	NNS	They also had strong ties to the now unified Middle East .
tr	NN	Go see Mama , Boots ? "
tr	NN	She has a profound effect on you . "
tr	NNS	The closet held several well-made suits , but nothing else worth investigating .
tr	NNS	I scrutinized our surroundings for any lingering danger , but all was quiet .
tr	NN	The woodlot had its own water supply and was more secluded than most .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have woman troubles .
tr	NN	I would send out a probe to gather as much information as I could .
tr	NN	It took all his self-control to throw on shorts , T-shirt and cross trainers and head for the hotel gym .
tr	NN	Even those tiny , pixelated images made my heart spin like a top .
tr	NNS	Grasping her pumping wrist , he stilled her movements and pulled her hand free .
tr	NNS	" I made sandwiches . "
tr	NNS	His words were muffled wails .
tr	NN	She would find justice for Hawthorne and see it served .
tr	NN	Jeff jerked open the bottom drawer and rooted through the rag bag until he found what he was looking for .
tr	NN	Matthew did not doubt the lawyer even a little bit .
tr	NNS	That unconscious reluctance to part with it spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	You don 't even have pans . "
tr	NNS	I would take my chances .
tr	NN	" Even a nuclear missile cannot destroy an entire universe . "
tr	NNS	I won 't mess up the photographs . "
tr	NN	Did you put an advertisement in the paper ?
tr	NN	" You can start learning , today ! "
tr	NN	He was holding a small vile of glowing pink liquid in his old shaky hands .
tr	NN	A large gray-haired woman walked up to her , menu in hand .
tr	NNS	You made those sexy little noises you always make when I 'm deep in you .
tr	NN	I considered his argument .
tr	NNS	Chapter Six The appearance and unannounced arrival of the new Vampire had the students in a buzz for the next few hours .
tr	NNS	We go over my designs - or her designs - together .
tr	NN	Alaina let out a groan and then waited a moment , and groaned again .
tr	NNS	It was like holding a moth enclosed in your hand , the million barely felt beats of its wings .
tr	NNS	Alessia , however , paid little heed to the expectations of the others .
tr	NNS	I could feel their fears in my skin like snow air .
tr	NNS	Then he stripped off his boxers and stood naked , except for his hat , to accept her inspection .
tr	NN	I slap my towel down onto the bar and holler , " back in five , Storm . "
tr	NN	Winkler muttered a rude oath and lifted the cup .
tr	NNS	" Empty shelves . "
tr	NNS	In one movement she kicked off the covers and flicked on the bedside lamp .
tr	NN	It sent a familiar flutter of fear through her stomach .
tr	NNS	I read the ingredients in Kitty 's Divine Gourmet Sea Feast .
tr	NNS	Its soothing effects did wonders .
tr	NNS	This nursing home receives funds from the state and they require that you can 't afford anywhere else . "
tr	NNS	As Tom looked on he carefully plotted the walkways that connected the three towers to each other and then to the center building .
tr	NNS	Using his tongue , he parted her folds and began his assault against her pulsing clit .
tr	NNS	Gale 's plan exceeds anyone 's expectations .
tr	NNS	She squeezed her temples with her hands .
tr	NNS	The way his eyes scanned the crowds as if looking for something or expecting someone .
tr	NN	" She never noticed nobody beneath her rank , nor cared for nobody but herself . "
tr	NN	" Those shoes he was wearing probably cost a fortune , too .
tr	NNS	Jerry had brought him three pairs of jeans , two pairs of boots , a new watch , a leather wallet and some jackets .
tr	NN	I saw the defeat in his eyes almost instantly .
tr	NNS	" Probably but I don 't know the repercussions . "
tr	NN	A commissary officer dropped off our rum jar .
tr	NNS	Patrick took large gulps of fresh air .
tr	NN	The man took the lid off a pot on the kerosene burner and tossed the centipede inside .
tr	NN	But he wore a Minnesota Vikings baseball cap .
tr	NN	The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission .
tr	NNS	' Watch your mouth , Max , ' he warned thinly .
tr	NNS	They don 't have real families or real love .
tr	NN	I said roaring in anger .
tr	NN	After all , I don 't have the possibility of Ryan -- not anymore .
tr	NNS	Soon I felt the roughness of a small tongue licking my hand .
tr	NN	My long day had drained once again my vitality .
tr	NNS	Timmy simply mimicked his cellmate 's actions .
tr	NN	" You killed the bomb maker , too ?
tr	NN	I scanned the dozen surrounding us , my stomach dropping when I recognized two of the faces .
tr	NN	" The enemy has taken the east wing and is pushing this way . "
tr	NN	I was giving very strong consideration to simply becoming a shut-in and never having to deal with human beings again when Marissa called .
tr	NN	" When you said , ' Let 's go kill that son of a bitch , ' it had a double meaning .
tr	NNS	Inside the restaurant there were less hardy souls , diners not wanting to deal with the capricious wind .
tr	NNS	I can feel Derek 's strong thighs beneath mine and his large hands circling my waist .
tr	NNS	" So for the same reason that we can see through the eyes of the autistic , we can also admit other subtle connections .
tr	NN	" We quickly surrounded the farmhouse and captured the four men who were sleeping .
tr	NNS	He has performed several miracles throughout our journey .
tr	NN	Jain could have held the smallest crossbow in one hand .
tr	NNS	She took several gasping breaths of the cooling night air , resting her head on the neatly cut stone of the window opening .
tr	NN	As swiftly as possible , she turned the special inset dial in the parasol 's tip around to its alternate setting .
tr	NNS	She hisses inches from his face .
tr	NN	I draw her nipple between my teeth , and she gasps .
tr	NNS	Saira scanned the slopes around her but could see nothing but undulating banks of green , interrupted only by families of broken boulders .
tr	NN	She wasn 't wearing a hospital gown and she didn 't see any medical personnel .
tr	NN	" As for you , young man , " said Gumshoe , " you gave this old man quite a fright .
tr	NNS	The Sensor 's buttons didn 't have numbers on them , just more of those bizarre symbols , and there was no screen .
tr	NNS	Her change in tone caused a certain wariness to come over him .
tr	NNS	He set his wineglass on the table in front of the small sofa where I sat and breathed a cool breath against my cheek .
tr	NN	This morning , she wore a lavender long-sleeved gown .
tr	NN	She threw out her hip and parked her fist .
tr	NN	" You look chipper this morning .
tr	NN	She had given every detail of survival on Irene with a stoic expression , unafraid of the consequences .
tr	NNS	I know a few tricks . "
tr	NN	I sketched out a few dozen and then switched back to a sum of twelve .
tr	NNS	But , then , you always did get all the breaks . "
tr	NN	" Give me your foot Jessie .
tr	NN	I cherished my Sword , the bible Eadie gave me , and the little rose inside , touching them often .
tr	NNS	Gabriel guided my thighs to open wide on either side of him .
tr	NNS	Still , Sexton had told enough lies in his life to recognize a poor liar when he saw one .
tr	NN	His dark features and heavy shadow of beard marked his Arab heritage .
tr	NNS	He says if it gets any worse , he 's got some antibiotics for you . "
tr	NN	She fondled her pistol and decided to play one more hand with Paul .
tr	NNS	A deep breath filled his senses with the scent of leather , dust , and stale parchment .
tr	NNS	It must have cost you millions .
tr	NN	She would take his advice .
tr	NN	Martin did his circuit of the room again .
tr	NNS	When we reached the guys , they 'd each stripped off their T-shirts and sandals .
tr	NN	She pushed her annoyance away .
tr	NN	I gave his arm a yank upward , and he screamed .
tr	NN	cried the admiral , " hold !
tr	NNS	He could hear Marge rattling pots and pans in the kitchen .
tr	NNS	They all looked down their noses at her , but they wouldn 't laugh if one day her and William did move to London for good .
tr	NN	But I 'll need an assistant , someone who will read all my stuff and not bullshit me with empty praise .
tr	NNS	" I need those two missing pages in my possession . "
tr	NNS	He 'd made a pact centuries ago and it was a pact he would honor for the rest of eternity .
tr	NN	He commanded respect from the men around him .
tr	NN	Dean threw down the towel in his hand .
tr	NN	" Got ta put the paint on the wall , Patrick . "
tr	NNS	I had other priorities once it concluded . "
tr	NNS	" How do you explain the surveillance tapes ? "
tr	NNS	Such material , in such quantity , makes a more than suitable mattress . "
tr	NN	I have an oath and a duty to fulfill . "
tr	NNS	Garde asked my twins .
tr	NNS	I 've only got ten bucks and ninety-eight cents . "
tr	NNS	" No reborn has ever had their powers before the first week ! "
tr	NNS	Nothing like the natural fibers he was accustomed to .
tr	NNS	Something that costs like , I don 't know , five hundred or maybe a thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	" I 'd rather take my chances on my own . "
tr	NN	" I ain 't killin ' nobody and don 't wan na know nothin ' else about it . "
tr	NN	Amelia felt cold uncertainty pinch at her stomach .
tr	NN	Hades opened the lid and simply reached into the box .
tr	NN	They 'd scent his arousal even if he hid it well with his towel .
tr	NN	I braked a half block away , swallowing hard .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't had the nightmares for a year or two , and I had believed them to be gone for ever .
tr	NNS	" Of the atrocities being committed in the name of science . "
tr	NNS	By Frances 's reckoning , he had already consumed two plates ' worth of food , and was embarking on filling up his third .
tr	NNS	Nolen studied the tapestries .
tr	NN	He then silently held out the tablecloth , which Annie could see held a dark red splotch in one place , hideously like blood .
tr	NNS	From there , we will plant the seeds of discontent and the revolution will be over before it even starts .
tr	NNS	" They have sons , too . "
tr	NNS	Lanterns on the walls illuminate pools of water that have collected along the floor .
tr	NN	He threw a disapproving glare in her direction before continuing .
tr	NNS	I pulled some weeds in the backyard . "
tr	NN	She touched a fingertip to his mouth .
tr	NN	Even in the shadows , Claire saw the gleam of sharp teeth when Brandon silently opened his mouth - flashing his fangs .
tr	NNS	Seeing two men in red shirts , she suddenly reversed directions , ran back across the main dining room , and pushed her way into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	" But ... five thousand dollars ?
tr	NN	James chuckles and shows him a trick called Jacks ' Party .
tr	NN	This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties .
tr	NN	" Every country has a constitution .
tr	NNS	Chapter 21 Sasha walked the four blocks to the federal courthouse at a rapid clip .
tr	NNS	Our parents made all the arrangements in the mint condition with a keen focus that the day falls short of nothing , in terms of anything .
tr	NNS	They put down their paper cups of coffee and both had mini cupcake samples and each a full size brownie .
tr	NNS	Instead she picked a few more blossoms and turned to reenter the clinic .
tr	NN	" Like that dragon ? "
tr	NNS	And you won 't like my methods , that I promise you . "
tr	NNS	' Maybe a doughnut or two , ' said Recent Runes .
tr	NN	Consider computer or data theft ; add in a hacker or a virus .
tr	NNS	They will all curl those red toenails until your feet look like corkscrews . "
tr	NN	I so don 't want a training lesson now , especially when he looks like that .
tr	NNS	" It starts hearts . "
tr	NN	Janet Ross knew the gesture ; it signaled irreconcilable differences , an impasse .
tr	NN	As the Hierophant retrieved the Mask and faded away , Flynn spotted the turkey .
tr	NNS	But when Veron came to power , he captured the original members of the Assassins ' Chamber in order to prevent the coup .
tr	NNS	" Because I don 't see patients in my home . "
tr	NNS	" We 're born wolves .
tr	NN	Cassie tapped her pencil on the surface of her notebook .
tr	NN	Joe unfolded the menu , " Um , coffee . "
tr	NN	You don 't have a new talent ; you have a fully developed talent . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll make some sandwiches . "
tr	NN	I took Caleb 's place pacing behind the sofa in hopes to calm the jitters from the magic caused .
tr	NNS	' How can you accuse these scrolls of being weapons ?
tr	NN	I 'm pulling the cart too .
tr	NN	The leather soles of his Gucci moccasins gained little purchase .
tr	NNS	He knew all the routes and intersections well , as he 'd played in them as a child .
tr	NN	" Guess where you 're going , senator ?
tr	NNS	The other had already gathered supplies , slowed though he was by his wounds .
tr	NN	Too bad I couldn 't slough off Sebastian 's betrayal as easily as I scrubbed the blood off my hands .
tr	NNS	They served the gods till their fingers bled !
tr	NNS	But they weren 't grizzled old veterans either .
tr	NN	If that were not enough , this letter had more effect on the King .
tr	NNS	He wanted all the adults in his life to just leave him alone , to let him be .
tr	NNS	If you don 't go we will lose lands like Master Corbett 's .
tr	NN	An early eighteenth century extension still further eastwards nearly balanced the original tower , except that it was a different shape and not quite as tall .
tr	NNS	As they 'd cut deep into the mountain , the miners had left large pillars and walls of stone to support the infrastructure .
tr	NN	With his other hand , he gripped the woven sail , refusing to let it drag him under .
tr	NN	His fingers trailed down her hip to her thigh and rubbed across the hem of her shorts , then gently glided beneath it .
tr	NNS	She 'd made numerous trips to Louisiana over the past few months .
tr	NN	Because Sakura was smaller , she couldn 't really offer much resistance and found herself being dragged along .
tr	NNS	I asked the elements to surround his family and comfort them too .
tr	NN	I knew all about attorney-client privilege , and I knew he would say nothing to anyone in town .
tr	NNS	He picked up the photographs so he could study each one .
tr	NN	He surveyed the lab , seeing the early results of Steve 's synthesis .
tr	NNS	Father always saved bits of bread for the fish , in the same way that he saved food for hungry children .
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths , climbing to her knees , calming herself .
tr	NN	The increased traffic on the Mississippi brought commercial success to both towns , and so brought competition .
tr	NNS	He rolled two cigarettes and bit the ends of each to release flavor .
tr	NN	When her mom turned around to say her final good-byes , she reached out and gave Kylie 's arm a squeeze .
tr	NNS	" I may still have my powers , but I 'm also being kept in a locked room surrounded by guards and magic users !
tr	NNS	You 've got some serious issues . "
tr	NN	He lifted his cock away from her damp folds and asked , " Who paid for this ?
tr	NN	He swung the dagger back and forth .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down her spine though the day was hot .
tr	NN	" Lucy , you get the towel .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths , inhaling her before I spoke .
tr	NN	They call this leadership , I think , but it 's new .
tr	NNS	Have you seen the abbess ?
tr	NN	" I beg your forgiveness .
tr	NN	" I want a lawyer and get me away from this crazy lady . "
tr	NN	But , they have been the ones that have been the best solutions of all , working so quickly it made my head spin . "
tr	NN	Nicole retained her superior attitude .
tr	NNS	Ryan , Beth 's guy , has the balls to touch Noah .
tr	NN	Katie gave me a rubber bat , and I threaded the fishing line and suspended it from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	' Nobody has more bears . '
tr	NN	She gave me some advice . "
tr	NNS	I can compare the client data from New Gem to the list of missing dwarves and see if it correlates .
tr	NNS	I 'd seen other forest fires before , and the beautiful thing about those was plants would start growing immediately after .
tr	NN	Besides , I have irrefutable proof that your mother is alive . "
tr	NN	I 'd then been given the task of choosing which mode of transportation we 'd take to our next destination .
tr	NNS	She said , " All right , we 'll take blood samples now . "
tr	NNS	" Nineteen , " Bobby answered slyly .
tr	NN	As he positioned the ATV , Ty stood barefoot between Zane and Earl , already shivering in the chilly air .
tr	NNS	Presley rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	The shattered windows leave black gaps like missing teeth in an old man 's grin .
tr	NN	Victoria pressed her knuckles into her mouth , but a sob still managed to escape .
tr	NNS	" The airborne units suffered tremendous losses . "
tr	NNS	Her departure would wound many hearts and lead her into perilous circumstances .
tr	NN	If you blow it , you will receive the grade you 've earned at the end of the semester .
tr	NNS	Slum life made better , stronger Reboots .
tr	NNS	Somebody parked a million bucks here about an hour ago . "
tr	NN	As Allison went on about her day , I scanned the cafeteria for the creepy staring guy .
tr	NNS	The crowd held their breaths in anticipation of what her words would be .
tr	NNS	I don 't even write my own lyrics anymore .
tr	NNS	Juan , pick up the cable ties and get the uniforms off the guards .
tr	NN	He felt the breath slam right out of his lungs .
tr	NN	I 'd shoved so much electricity into my attacker that he had exploded .
tr	NNS	Jason studied the diverse buildings , the watch fires along the city wall , and the cultivated land beyond the wall atop the plateau .
tr	NNS	" Shall we , gentlemen ? "
tr	NN	The things she 'd do to me , I 'd never even had the imagination to imagine .
tr	NN	Maybe he got some squirting lime juice in them .
tr	NN	Nate found solace in their shared confusion .
tr	NN	I gripped my bat tightly in one hand while I continued to signal with the other until my nerves said it was time to go .
tr	NNS	They found fibers on the last pillar before the northeast corner .
tr	NNS	I saw its fangs . "
tr	NNS	" Or we can skip the niceties and you can come straight to the point and tell me why you 're here . "
tr	NNS	Blaine tossed a few dollars at Wren .
tr	NN	I watch her puzzle over my question for a minute before understanding dawns .
tr	NNS	Without needing more instruction I pulled down his briefs and wrapped my hand around the base of his hard length .
tr	NN	Rena forced a casual shrug .
tr	NN	" I have an appointment .
tr	NNS	The snake renewed its efforts to break free , coiling itself around her arm .
tr	NN	Finally , I have soil brought from my birthplace , near where the land bridge was in Alaska . "
tr	NN	She had a task to do and she 'd best do it .
tr	NN	Don 't you miss your boy toy ? "
tr	NN	Thank goodness she hadn 't wrapped herself around a tree .
tr	NNS	The way he looked at me right then spoke volumes .
tr	NN	" What harm can it do , Howard ?
tr	NNS	" And some , " he continued , " have abilities that are beneficial to us . "
tr	NNS	" He acknowledged my objections and accepted my immediate resignation .
tr	NN	And then she 'd lose her sanity .
tr	NN	And I 'd been lying facedown on my bed in a pair of boxer shorts and a heap of despair when they 'd announced it .
tr	NN	So , he put a crossbow bolt as close to her neck as he could , landing it high in the center of her shoulder .
tr	NNS	She checked our milkshake cups to make sure they were empty and left .
tr	NNS	Colton picked up two apples and inspected them for bruises .
tr	NN	Whatever it is , I 'd willingly hand over full possession of my body to this Trent to do with what he will .
tr	NN	Brendon , you must find an adjacent park bench and observe .
tr	NN	He had insider info ?
tr	NN	" She and Claire had a ... stylistic disagreement and have parted ways . "
tr	NN	He opened his settings menu and looked for a wireless signal .
tr	NNS	" Darian had many servants and disciples .
tr	NN	He held affection for Luke .
tr	NNS	" You see the difficulties . "
tr	NN	She 'd accepted Stephan 's refusal to help too easily .
tr	NNS	Besides , he 'll expect the data , and I don 't have it yet . "
tr	NNS	Therefore , they gave us these titles , followed us with respect and gave us gifts .
tr	NN	Her fingers were gripping the steel railing and her forehead was pressed against the back of her hands .
tr	NNS	She , s got her young cats with her .
tr	NNS	" I have just prepared the fruits . "
tr	NN	Almost all the boys take the basic package .
tr	NNS	And if she went up , they could nab Anthony Ortega 's millions .
tr	NN	He needed an operation , and medication they could no longer afford .
tr	NNS	She showed her mother the perspiration stains on her shirt and told her what she had been through .
tr	NNS	He won three Grand Slam singles titles : the U.S. Open , the Australian Open , and Wimbledon .
tr	NN	She gave him another squeeze and glanced to Tabatha .
tr	NN	The weight of the earth above had compressed the soil , binding it together .
tr	NN	Coming to the foot of the bed , Adolf shoved the needle straight through the bottom of the struggling man 's foot .
tr	NN	She set her handbag and card key on the desk , and slumped into the chair across from him .
tr	NNS	She grabbed the goggles hanging around her neck and pulled them up over her eyes , then shifted the Jeep into gear .
tr	NNS	As I stood at the counter , I noticed two large families waiting to check in behind me .
tr	NNS	" What other surprises do you have in store ? "
tr	NN	When the effect of the liquor had worn of , he realized the seriousness of his crime and decided to escape from the village .
tr	NNS	" My girlfriend , Sylvia , has two cats and they stay out overnight , too . "
tr	NNS	She has for centuries , blessing with smile and voice and eyes and touch countless generations that sought her light .
tr	NNS	" You got balls , kid . "
tr	NNS	Behind me I could hear screeches of dying leaches and flashes of white bright light .
tr	NNS	Silk dug out a few pans and began to work on supper .
tr	NNS	He had not experienced any spontaneous leg movements , but he did feel some sensations of pain in a few areas of his legs and feet .
tr	NN	He 'd gone out and conquered the world on his own , amassed a large fortune , but his grandfather 's company was history .
tr	NNS	We will also review published and self-published novels , in both print and digital editions .
tr	NNS	Fear also drove the youths .
tr	NNS	We watched the families milling about , buying fall decorations from the shop , while their small children struggled to hold onto the huge pumpkins .
tr	NNS	The house has so many noises , and with the break-in and all the commotion of you being shot , she 's afraid .
tr	NN	He and Daenerys share her throne , but for the rest of her days , Daenerys thinks of the brave and noble Jon .
tr	NNS	What have your secret spy skills found today ? "
tr	NNS	She caught the stares of a few .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want any excuses .
tr	NNS	But at school on Friday , I 'd traded cell phone numbers with her when she asked .
tr	NN	He preferred revenge over absolute safety , for never again could the Greek gods challenge him for the heavenly throne if Cronus had killed them .
tr	NNS	My shaping it in Arizona 's image had created harsh conditions - but also brought along tons of copper deposits .
tr	NNS	I opened my palms and waved them as though that would jog her memory .
tr	NN	Her moving away from him didn 't stop the flood of awareness .
tr	NN	The missile chose a decoy and blew in a ball of flames .
tr	NNS	I had my knives , and I knew how to defend myself .
tr	NNS	Every semester , I interview the new students who started late , you know , so people can get to know them better .
tr	NN	We 'd get a different coloured flag at each point . "
tr	NNS	' In the mean time of course we will take no chances . '
tr	NN	Just bring your medallion here and I 'll let Kate keep this one .
tr	NN	Immediately hauling the sedan over to the side of the road , he set the brake and popped the car into neutral .
tr	NN	I saw deep , red liquid drizzling down his arm .
tr	NN	In this fashion , they safely made the descent without mishap and unwound the ropes once they were on safer ground at the bottom .
tr	NN	I didn 't miss her meaning ; in fact , her words hit the bull 's - eye in my stomach .
tr	NNS	" We mothers will have refreshments there . "
tr	NN	" I have a favor to ask you . "
tr	NN	A shiver of fear crept up my spine , immediately followed by anger .
tr	NN	To be honest though , I don 't really understand that phrase to be " cute as a bug . "
tr	NNS	It took scientists a year and a half to unravel the theory and prove that it works .
tr	NNS	Skeletal corpses filled the hallways .
tr	NNS	I can 't take these bugs much longer . "
tr	NN	At home , Todd was building a peanut butter and banana sandwich when Maddie walked in .
tr	NN	I checked the magazine from underneath at the loading port , no shell .
tr	NNS	I hated discussion classes .
tr	NNS	Behind the altar , a large statue of a Goddess dancing atop a swirling wave stands high over the chorus bleachers on either side .
tr	NNS	I could see wheels turning behind her eyes .
tr	NNS	He 'd shut down his shields on his power so tight that nothing leaked out .
tr	NN	Ethan was doing barbecue , but Callie was making all of the side dishes .
tr	NN	Somehow I had a feeling if She could give her tools such gifts , she would have little patience with one who bungled their use .
tr	NN	He gave a startled exclamation and jerked his hand back .
tr	NNS	I also found fully equipped , functional labs operating off solar power .
tr	NN	His mother handed to a human the loyalty of all dragons ?
tr	NN	Each dwarf was now holding a digging tool .
tr	NN	He took a mouthful of veal .
tr	NNS	I take a few deep breaths and shiver involuntarily .
tr	NNS	He knew the hotels of the world , but he had never known Claridge 's .
tr	NNS	The Sages had four figurines and therefore the Sages ' votes counted four times as that of other councilman 's .
tr	NN	The soldiers made a smoked fish for the night and stored it inside the ship .
tr	NN	His plans made , Paul rinsed out the coffeepot and changed into his hiking boots .
tr	NN	She had that lovely Parisian flair , her straight hair cut simply , her clothing subdued .
tr	NN	The breeze was blowing off the desert as he swung his legs over the parapet and walked silently across the roof , which was still hot underfoot .
tr	NN	" I exercise patience with you as a gift .
tr	NNS	Her affect drops a notch .
tr	NN	We can have a vote after practice on Wednesday .
tr	NNS	Throughout the decades of her life , she had drained several witches .
tr	NN	As I flipped further into the book , I noticed a frightening sketch of a grizzled older man .
tr	NNS	" Her fingerprints matched other fingerprints on file that they were trying to identify from the previous murders . "
tr	NNS	We began rotating Sanderson to the best positions and tried to give him the first or only shot .
tr	NNS	On a scale of one to ten , I 'd give you an eleven . "
tr	NN	He took an enthused mouthful of brandy .
tr	NN	Billy shrugged and scraped his boot across the dust before casting his nerves aside and joining Barry at the edge .
tr	NN	Colin had told the butler not to await their return from London .
tr	NNS	" Any other last requests ? "
tr	NNS	" Any new developments ? "
tr	NNS	" They look more like tooth marks than claw marks . "
tr	NN	" Librarians have always added their input to these tomes . "
tr	NNS	That way I can download the data and implant it before I travel .
tr	NN	Shortly after , it pulled off the highway and turned into a side road .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to sink back into him , the comfort of his body so enticing .
tr	NNS	" I do not feel the same desires as a human - " he began to say .
tr	NNS	" I love caramel apples ! "
tr	NN	Corinne couldn 't understand that irrational impulse .
tr	NN	She needed the dark battery of his strands , that medusa 's nest of whips , of barbs .
tr	NNS	Worse still they currently had no bands to manage since their last two split prematurely before recording new material .
tr	NNS	He needed all his working senses .
tr	NNS	Levi 's eyes didn 't have their usual brightness .
tr	NNS	She would offer no objections .
tr	NNS	Slowly , and with more control than I realized he possessed , he extended his fangs to her .
tr	NNS	We had great losses but we could not document them .
tr	NNS	I still recall the innocents of her eyes , but what scared me was her guilt-ridden mind .
tr	NNS	I try her numbers again and again on my cell , desperate for a way to reach Ryan .
tr	NNS	But Dayan 's family can work miracles . "
tr	NNS	He also had a carpet cleaning crew that he used all the time , they worked wonders with worn out wall to wall .
tr	NNS	A distance behind him she could see the silhouettes of some men digging and others tossing some kind of item into the holes .
tr	NN	She closed the trapdoor .
tr	NN	This guy wants total revenge .
tr	NN	Unlike him , I know the folly of trying to receive absolution while still intending to sin . "
tr	NN	I 've had legal advice too .
tr	NN	I 'll burn your closet down if you don 't get out of there this second ! "
tr	NN	Michael opened his own file .
tr	NNS	She saw these photographs not as a child , rather as a mother .
tr	NNS	' Despite all I 've just told you , I 've no designs on you . '
tr	NNS	Verity sensed Jonas 's sudden , deep stillness .
tr	NNS	Damnation , man , that takes balls .
tr	NNS	I rather not hear your mouths ? "
tr	NNS	It smelled like strawberries , mixed with something pungent and native , deep in scent like cardamom .
tr	NN	" Did we kill anybody ? "
tr	NN	It has an effect on me .
tr	NN	However , she realized , she could use the traffic to her advantage .
tr	NN	I watched his lips wrap around the aluminum as he drank .
tr	NN	' This decision will gravely affect the fate of the Kingdom , will it not ? '
tr	NNS	They give me the creeps .
tr	NNS	He still had 220 yards to the green .
tr	NNS	No wonder people ride bikes .
tr	NNS	" We do not have ghosts , good day . "
tr	NNS	I can hear the faint hiss of the highway in the distance .
tr	NNS	So she wasn 't questioning his parenting skills , only his decision to let Pavel bring her useless dog along .
tr	NN	Maybe I could talk the owner down a couple hundred .
tr	NN	Not many have that capacity . "
tr	NN	A spike of jealousy stiffened her spine .
tr	NN	I studied the monitor for a few more seconds .
tr	NNS	Cole rubbed his palms over the fabric in front of him .
tr	NN	They returned the favor but with tears in their eyes .
tr	NNS	I hear two other splashes as Dham and Trick lose their balance .
tr	NN	You found your niche .
tr	NN	The page detailed an artifact he 'd found in Pennsylvania .
tr	NNS	He 'd called and invited himself over and on the way , he picked up seafood meals for both of them .
tr	NNS	Kent had learned all his tricks from him .
tr	NN	I can 't give you redemption .
tr	NNS	He wore black slacks and a black silk shirt , open at the throat .
tr	NN	She trudged down the hill toward the bubbling brook that connected the two lochs on McDonald land . '
tr	NNS	They 'd find no remains .
tr	NNS	Moreover , he enjoys killing babies and small children .
tr	NN	I 've got no allegiance to the walls . "
tr	NN	" What , professional blood donor ?
tr	NNS	The world experienced tidal locking in relation to Proxima , generating enormous amounts of friction and heat .
tr	NNS	It ignited his powers , arcing them until they caused the lamp on the nightstand to shatter .
tr	NN	Ashley signaled the waitress of the swanky restaurant they 'd dragged her into for another round of drinks .
tr	NNS	We 'll throw enough Mills bombs and launch enough trench mortars to keep them interested in us .
tr	NN	It didn 't take a brain surgeon to figure out that he had a friend in the area with a place they could use .
tr	NNS	" In conjunction with the other documents by not only the Ancients but other early inhabitants , I 've found numerous references of intergalactic spacecraft .
tr	NNS	I trade pages with Robbie .
tr	NNS	" I won three hundred dollars . "
tr	NN	Tsubasa picked up the menu and summoned another waitress .
tr	NNS	Gunilla had contacts there too , it emerged , and he would have a marvellous time in the city .
tr	NN	Nik took the basket she was carrying and walked with her toward a spot under a shady tree .
tr	NN	Alone again , Reed appreciated his status as sole occupant of the House of Blues patio .
tr	NNS	She understands its powers and its limitations .
tr	NN	I know the task and I will achieve it ! "
tr	NN	Vanessa 's gaze swept up and down Sam 's frame and a smirk skimmed her lips .
tr	NN	" Shut the fuck up ! "
tr	NN	Kelly raised her own flute , sipping the bubbling liquid .
tr	NNS	This little stunt might have ruined our chances of living here . "
tr	NN	Anyone sitting with Eric got the deluxe treatment .
tr	NNS	She fanned the cards and held them out to Clary .
tr	NN	Stanton gave a small shrug .
tr	NN	The guards , thinking that they were summoned , sprang up the stair .
tr	NNS	" You need such talents here .
tr	NN	But night and day no longer had any meaning for Peter .
tr	NNS	" Drop your cans .
tr	NN	Behind him , he heard the rope snap and the metallic clang , and then an animal growling in both pain and anger .
tr	NN	When she walked away , I picked up the menu and tried to hide my grin .
tr	NNS	The documents being passed around the table outline the areas where we will do this .
tr	NN	But you get my meaning .
tr	NNS	I give the seat one shove , hoping the momentum will help keep him upright for awhile .
tr	NN	she yelled over the cacophony of sound that ensued .
tr	NNS	' Some of us have contacts . '
tr	NN	He remembered the scroll in his tunic and reached in to pull it out .
tr	NNS	These listening posts gathered and collected data on citizens by tapping into CCTV ( closed-circuit ) cameras .
tr	NN	The coarsely casual assessment swept away her discretion .
tr	NNS	Keep your fleas to yourself . "
tr	NNS	He stumbled a few paces in reverse , swaying from his throbbing head and broken elbow .
tr	NN	Senator Burt did not see his next visitor immediately .
tr	NN	Some showed the surrounding desert from high views , looking down from rooftops .
tr	NN	I put the cap back on , replaced it , and reached for the Four Roses .
tr	NNS	" Luckily they left yesterday to take some sheep over to the Malloy 's , thank heavens .
tr	NNS	" You have connections ? "
tr	NN	I was next given a glimpse of something that had never occurred to me before , not until now .
tr	NN	He gave her hand a small squeeze .
tr	NN	I covered my bubble of laughter with a cough .
tr	NN	It looks childish next to the very grown-up clothes I 'm wearing , so I slip it off and set it on the dresser .
tr	NNS	It leads away from Mortimer 's hole and then swings back and joins it near the pub . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances . "
tr	NN	Beyond the crowd , he spotted a thick red ribbon across the top of a stairway that led to the second level .
tr	NNS	Zeus pulled the wires from the box and turned to the door .
tr	NNS	" Do you desire the northern lands ?
tr	NN	These days the church uses its talent carefully since the priesthood isn 't high on the Top Jobs list .
tr	NN	Her prissy , snotty schoolgirl attitude doesn 't have the effect on me she was hoping for .
tr	NNS	I actually avoid crowds , preferring a good book .
tr	NN	I don 't have all my candy with me , but I can bring it back if you want . "
tr	NNS	This sent the butterflies flitting around my stomach into overdrive .
tr	NNS	A small commercial district was taking shape nearer to the waterfront , as evidenced by the industrial air conditioning and refrigeration units on their roofs .
tr	NN	She shrugs her infuriating shrug .
tr	NNS	" And it 'll take more than vague references to missing archangels to get the rest of what you need from me ? '
tr	NN	He passed the two policemen again , one of whom said " You seem to be going against the tide pal ! "
tr	NNS	I held the balloons for her when she asked me to .
tr	NN	Turning , Cassie placed her pizza on a shelf , more curious about what was beneath than her food .
tr	NNS	" Who the hell fired the shots ? "
tr	NNS	" If we cry out to God he will hear our prayers , for we are never truly alone .
tr	NN	It had a sofa , two chairs and an old monochrome television in the corner .
tr	NN	Gordian maintained his icy smirk .
tr	NNS	Curios has finally done it , he finally performed enough heroic deeds that his father noticed him .
tr	NN	You were born the most cursed and blessed of any creature .
tr	NNS	They passed one-bedroom houses with asbestos siding and chain-link fences , some with gravel driveways .
tr	NN	She 'd said goodnight .
tr	NN	He removed the small foil condom package and ripped it open with his teeth .
tr	NNS	He still had his jaws clamped hard around something and he tipped his nose up and sniffed the air .
tr	NN	Because he did not want her pity .
tr	NN	In one fluid motion , she folds her umbrella up and slides into the driver 's seat .
tr	NN	Someone up ahead beeped their horn in frustration and several others joined in , creating a cacophony of noise .
tr	NNS	I shouldn 't have tipped the scales by telling her how I really felt .
tr	NN	I think with every tear , I see a glimpse of Henry 's corpse , lying on the ground in front of me .
tr	NNS	He dates rich babes his parents approve of .
tr	NNS	And she had fangs , too .
tr	NN	Then Dane would take his respect and throw it in the garbage .
tr	NN	Up the staircase to the mezzanine , person to person , body to body until she reached the balcony .
tr	NNS	That would explain the numbness .
tr	NNS	Dave made several attempts near the end of the school year to get through to her , but she was a stone wall .
tr	NN	Now get your cute butt in there . "
tr	NN	His love for his wife had a calming effect on Nicole .
tr	NNS	You will have three centuries in which to do so . "
tr	NN	Instead of women pushing baby carriages , they were pushing heroin .
tr	NNS	And the mud showed tire tracks .
tr	NN	There hadn , t been a chance of his falling .
tr	NNS	A fully trained Black Widow wore an hourglass with all the gold dust in the bottom chamber .
tr	NNS	Keeping with my father 's tradition , I have also kept journals since I was in high school .
tr	NN	Lance swiped the dead puddle with a finger and held it to his tongue .
tr	NNS	If not I can pack up your shampoo and ... " She reached the top step and walked into the attic .
tr	NN	He tried a different mic on Calvin 's bass amp .
tr	NN	Then she hoisted a crossbow .
tr	NN	Beth had also reviewed the tape , watching it again and again , until she finally figured it out , too .
tr	NNS	It gave him all sorts of visions .
tr	NNS	Tomorrow morning we 'll take some old balls up to Memorial Park to practice your fielding . "
tr	NN	He viewed my clutter .
tr	NN	She heard a shout and a loud thump .
tr	NNS	" Why would some lowlife sell drugs to vamps and get them together for parties ?
tr	NNS	The eternal knot meant two hearts bound together forever , and that 's what would free the Shifters in the end .
tr	NNS	I unlocked my jaws .
tr	NNS	" You got drugs for him ? "
tr	NNS	She took some vegetables out of the fridge and began chopping them .
tr	NN	Now she would understand the deep affection he was held in by everyone .
tr	NNS	How dare Edith judge her literary skills on her inept personal behavior ?
tr	NNS	Soon the forests could not support so many hungry mouths , and Papa sent my brothers out to find their own families .
tr	NN	Jonas handed the broken sword hilt over to Verity .
tr	NN	' For my union . '
tr	NNS	The destruction and rioting had eliminated many cameras , but a few survived , and he used them to watch .
tr	NN	Take my virginity . "
tr	NN	Lydia 's face lit up the instant Alix stepped inside .
tr	NNS	I lifted the covers and scooted over , and he climbed in bed next to me .
tr	NN	I opened the compact from Beth 's bag , and looked at myself in the mirror .
tr	NNS	We have real doubts that any of our theater people could manage a production quite that well .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take your coats and your bags . "
tr	NNS	We still fight over trinkets ; they 've just gotten more valuable .
tr	NN	We met little resistance on the stairs but were swarmed with guards as soon as we headed down the corridor toward the room holding the gifts .
tr	NNS	" We can always breed more sorcerers . "
tr	NN	He even sneaked out the first edition of Davy 's autobiography from its display in the cabin , flipping delicately through the flaking pages for clues .
tr	NNS	Once they were back inside the building , they removed their helmets and moved to the computer terminal , where Billy entered the details from his measurements .
tr	NNS	She gathered medical supplies while alternately making and delivering food .
tr	NN	" You may take one attendant with you into the waiting chamber .
tr	NN	My adrenaline was pumping so hard I could barely feel the throbbing in my unsteady legs .
tr	NN	Nolan set the baseball bat aside and moved to the far wall to look at the radiator .
tr	NNS	" If we want the first fleet lifted within a year , we need forty operational pairs .
tr	NNS	Brisk winds have blown the rain clouds away , and the sky above is clear and blue .
tr	NNS	Thus , she unleashed her famished armies in a massive attack on the South overrunning Soul and much of the country .
tr	NN	Jenny could hear the fragments smashing into the outer shell of the Traveler and feel the force of the collisions .
tr	NN	He put the towel around his waist and peeked out the window .
tr	NNS	Heavy breaths , curses of triumph and thrilled cackles punctuated the last shots before the squads broke into two and rushed down the stairwells .
tr	NN	I got the impression they thought I screwed up by not finding it . "
tr	NN	Breedlove retrieved the pistol and then set about carrying out the final part of her plan .
tr	NNS	The building sits a few blocks away from Lakeshore , right next to an empty field that 'll probably be a new apartment building soon .
tr	NNS	Cats hate loud , sudden noises . "
tr	NN	I wanted nobody to see my blotchy face or hear my unsteady voice .
tr	NNS	I lift the mattress , thinking maybe the charger could be stuck behind the bed somehow .
tr	NN	The unit noted the weaponry and returned to its centurion .
tr	NNS	Those rear doors are for loading and unloading supplies .
tr	NNS	They walked about twenty yards away from the group .
tr	NN	He owed her some debt .
tr	NN	Her deceptive youth did not match the intelligence in her eyes , or the worldliness of her soft smile .
tr	NN	He selected a vial of bubbling yellow liquid from the apex position of his chemistry set and carefully tipped it into the syringe .
tr	NN	She had a cap of black hair and gold studs in her ears .
tr	NN	I tried my best scowl .
tr	NNS	He has had a dozen opportunities to kiss me as Elizabeth , and he has not even tried .
tr	NN	Claire felt cold trickle down her spine .
tr	NNS	They got their coats and went to an expensive place and she made some awkward noises and he smiled and said : Ruby .
tr	NN	They have advanced technology and stuff like that .
tr	NN	Michael felt an itch growing in his nose and was unable to hold it back .
tr	NN	The intruder 's face registered a glare until he looked into the icy pair of eyes trained on him .
tr	NN	" Come on , your majesty !
tr	NNS	He laid down his cards , revealing a dead hand .
tr	NNS	Anna removed the cables from her arms and legs and peered around the metal panel .
tr	NN	They have a reputation for hosting the hottest new acts in Nashville , and record company execs wander in and discover bands that way .
tr	NNS	" We have several females at the Imperial Guards Dog Kennels that are currently in heat .
tr	NN	A minute later he had her pinned to the bed once more clawing at her clothing , mumbling with a thick tongue .
tr	NNS	He set the waters on the coffee table and left .
tr	NN	" Aw , quit bein ' so truthful .
tr	NN	Marc took a rifle and handed me a pistol .
tr	NNS	I was still feeling dizzy and my stomach was turning .
tr	NNS	" I circled the catalogue numbers of the ones I couldn 't find . "
tr	NN	When she entered the line of trees , the darkness grew blacker .
tr	NN	She brought her pistol up and fired once into the darkness .
tr	NN	Instead , she found another bedroom , spacious , airy - and converted into an artist 's studio .
tr	NNS	" Check the corridors above and below .
tr	NNS	Clients want nice offices .
tr	NNS	The intoxicating scent of peaches filled his senses .
tr	NNS	Alexander had blood samples of Demetrius and Denise Hitchens .
tr	NN	She picked up a fork , stared at the food for a moment , then shook her head in despair .
tr	NN	To be a gay agnostic in Franco 's Spain would have required a very deep closet indeed .
tr	NNS	Her feet slowly inched backwards .
tr	NN	That man did indeed stay true to his word and over the next few days , both William and Timmy had a constantly increasing flow of passengers .
tr	NN	He heard the sizzle of the mist as it heated and evaporated , but he was through and on the other side .
tr	NN	Two events in the life of Mohandas Gandhi illustrate this aspect of the Hindu tradition .
tr	NN	he nodded , his hands gripping the towel at his waist .
tr	NNS	I killed the kidnappers in Marin when I liberated the children .
tr	NNS	" Here we go , " I said encouragingly .
tr	NNS	" We think the Bugs and Mistress Jane have gone off and made some type of nasty arrangement .
tr	NN	Hunter looked askance at her ; the uncertainty in his eyes hurt her .
tr	NN	But all those interesting planes and fascinating bulges were making her hands itch to explore .
tr	NNS	She ran her palms along his chest , and his muscles tingled under her touch .
tr	NNS	Laundry vans skirted restaurants .
tr	NNS	" Ah , how fate taunts the lovers .
tr	NN	Lizzie felt a strange flutter in her chest .
tr	NN	Bizarro Merit would have her own agenda .
tr	NNS	He watched their reactions carefully , recording every tiny detail , no matter how insignificant it seemed .
tr	NNS	You could have some special powers , or something . "
tr	NN	" Are y ' all cheating ? "
tr	NN	Fin clasped his back beaming with pride .
tr	NNS	She cleaned a few areas and when no traces were found , he turned around to show his back .
tr	NN	" I can add fancy animation , zoom in and out , and make her the focus on every picture .
tr	NN	Thank god we found weapons .
tr	NNS	He rarely gave interviews and was generally inaccessible to all but those under his employ .
tr	NNS	Hoping to dispel the situation , the visitor raised both palms just above his head .
tr	NN	Dressed in a khaki shirt and jeans , Earl tipped the brim of his brown cowboy hat .
tr	NNS	He found supplies in the rooms around the operating room and a set of sinks where a surgeon would scrub .
tr	NNS	Several of the nearest of the flying monstrosities issued anguished howls as they watched one of their brethren fall dead .
tr	NN	That way they never really do philosophy ; they just repeat stuff they 've read or heard . "
tr	NN	' I don 't need a damn bath .
tr	NN	" See Mama ? "
tr	NNS	" Alaska liked the bears .
tr	NN	On the whole , any priest who cared about such things could ensure a high rate of success .
tr	NNS	Until now , his keepers had not acknowledged his requests .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't have his knives out for your guts . "
tr	NNS	" Depending on the ratio of sons to daughters , it could have taken several more generations before males bred true .
tr	NNS	If you choose a captain , he can make arrangements for transportation and supplies . "
tr	NNS	They cleared the dishes and went to watch a show on Animal Planet on the big cats .
tr	NNS	Bard then sent messengers at once to the Gate ; but they found no gold or payment .
tr	NNS	" I fly airplanes . "
tr	NNS	I pat my empty pockets , wishing I had brought my cell phone .
tr	NNS	Myra extinguished the candles and picked them up off the floor .
tr	NNS	By taking a tank where 100 % of the molecules were manmade and by applying different chemical baths he could cause the molecules to align themselves .
tr	NN	" What did you think land speculation was ?
tr	NN	He heard the echo of that thought and ducked his head , even as he still held Saber 's gaze .
tr	NNS	She flutters her eyelashes as she steps to the side .
tr	NN	His feeling of helplessness grew hotter , fueling his fury .
tr	NNS	The experience of wandering around the Grand Bazaar and it 's never ending trading stores set under stone arches and lit by a festooned array of lighting .
tr	NN	The land shall be spared no quarter , for the life in our bodies shall seep therein .
tr	NN	' But you 've seen the proof .
tr	NNS	Conrad snapped his fangs at them , his red eyes glowing .
tr	NNS	I have a few pairs of socks .
tr	NNS	We raise crops , but it will be months before we can harvest them .
tr	NNS	He knew his chances of evading that sword were better if he was underneath his horse than out in the open field .
tr	NN	He wore a turtleneck , as he had every day since the attack in Pakistan a month ago .
tr	NN	she asked a little breathlessly .
tr	NNS	Sarah smoothed the gentle folds of the new gown and surveyed herself in the tall looking glass .
tr	NN	Looking at her bedside clock , Jessica felt the flutter of nerves that always came at this time of night .
tr	NNS	Was he weak by allowing the thing within him to feast on the rotted deer carcass ?
tr	NN	Kate battled the urge to giggle .
tr	NNS	You nearly took my balls off . "
tr	NNS	Furthermore , Buddhahood has no restrictions .
tr	NNS	Thompson 's face turned white , his feet pushed and rolled the desk chair backward several inches .
tr	NNS	He saw its skinny ribs rising up and down .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't explain my fears for our friendship and I sure as hell couldn 't explain my feelings .
tr	NNS	" He must be using his powers to track her . "
tr	NN	I can feel her vitality oozing off her .
tr	NNS	She would take no chances .
tr	NNS	Rita finished feeding bits of paper to the white-hot candle flame .
tr	NN	She replaced the receiver .
tr	NNS	I attended figure skating classes as a child and this fall my parents are going to buy me a swimming pool membership card .
tr	NNS	" You guys have really good chicken sandwiches . "
tr	NNS	" And as I said : he 's relinquished any claims .
tr	NN	" I forgot my nightgown . "
tr	NN	I also needed advice .
tr	NN	" Then don 't take his advice . "
tr	NNS	You didn 't get the best gigs if you were a murderer .
tr	NN	He pops the aspirin into his mouth and washes them down with a sip of water .
tr	NN	They had both spent a year bitching about feeling stagnant .
tr	NN	Does it have a specific meaning ? '
tr	NNS	I withdrew my fangs , licking my lips .
tr	NNS	Roche smiled thinly , but it faded just as quickly .
tr	NNS	They mopped the floors , they washed the windows , they stripped the beds and turned the mattresses .
tr	NN	" Come here , honey .
tr	NNS	I studied my surroundings carefully as we left our building and crossed a wide , cleared area .
tr	NNS	I got some fairly creative excuses from a few students about why they should be excused from finals and still pass the class .
tr	NNS	" I sent away some guardians that had been assigned to help my Alchemist group in Kiev .
tr	NNS	She should have brought protective goggles .
tr	NN	" You scared the crap out of us . "
tr	NN	Sean made a slight adjustment to his course , heading straight for us .
tr	NN	" I take full responsibility for my actions .
tr	NN	He had a visitor , but he didn 't recognize the car .
tr	NNS	Releasing the sheet she reached down grabbing chunks of his hair as she thrust her h * ps against his face .
tr	NNS	Maryanne tossed aside her covers and sat up .
tr	NN	They dropped their altitude as dawn approached , and flew low and fast along the treetops .
tr	NN	Of all the Spiritual Guides , he had the most respect for Bartholomew .
tr	NNS	We hear strange noises in the gloom , like other ships are about , but they don 't answer our hail .
tr	NN	Sage wanted an Arabian mare to match his stallion so he could start a new herd .
tr	NNS	She 'd searched the crowds in the hotel lobby , restaurants , and outdoor spaces nonstop , but he 'd been nowhere .
tr	NNS	Did your powerful magi not tell you about him ? "
tr	NNS	Put your daggers away .
tr	NN	Steve was just enjoying the sensation .
tr	NNS	He went over the schematics for his fake bomb once again .
tr	NN	With gentle caution , he plucked the beauty patch from her upper lip .
tr	NN	He was now attending the great Global Gathering .
tr	NNS	They slid up her thighs between her legs .
tr	NN	She took such joy in learning .
tr	NN	Take some responsibility . "
tr	NNS	I feel nauseous at his words .
tr	NN	The panther within her urged caution .
tr	NNS	My thoughts don 't rule my actions , though , and I set aside my foolish desire as I focus on tearing the blanket into even strips .
tr	NNS	" You must have seen many changes for the better over the years though ? "
tr	NN	She wore no jewelry or makeup .
tr	NNS	" By the way , Dylan read my texts .
tr	NNS	You 'll arrange the tours and any equipment rental and provide me with the details ? "
tr	NN	" And what goal is that ? "
tr	NN	I picked up my liquid gel pen and opened my pad of paper to a blank page .
tr	NN	The sharp quick pain kept at bay the powerful fatigue that was about to overtake him .
tr	NN	" Only a coward would offer such a bargain . "
tr	NN	' And perhaps we shall have better success now that those fools have been sent home . '
tr	NNS	" Look , stop panicking .
tr	NN	He made an urgent gesture with both hands .
tr	NNS	I cleaned up the dishes , after a short , muted argument with Nick and made my way to the bathroom .
tr	NNS	We spent many weekends during that first year shopping for antiques .
tr	NN	" Did you get a lesson like this ? "
tr	NN	I searched the crowd hungrily , seeking Lucas 's bronze hair , his broad shoulders , those dark green eyes .
tr	NN	Together our skin bore such a striking contrast , the smooth , flawless flesh that spoke of her innocence wrapped up in the horror marking mine .
tr	NNS	They were even timing their bites and drinks together .
tr	NN	" I 'll take the trade any day . "
tr	NNS	" Honored members of the Court .
tr	NNS	I pour two shots and we kill them , following them up with more beer .
tr	NN	At least now I have an inkling of what that remarkable instinct of yours is all about .
tr	NN	Celeste defeated her terror and rushed outside .
tr	NNS	How he missed those folks now !
tr	NN	They mine coal for the dwarf 's workshop .
tr	NNS	We need supplies if we want any kind of chance with this . "
tr	NNS	" Did you learn your cooking skills in one of those former lives ? "
tr	NN	I need the unvarnished version . "
tr	NN	I 've been avoiding my punishment .
tr	NN	Maybe that wouldn 't be so bad and ... " Your handicap , guy .
tr	NNS	Sam scooped up the remains of their dinner and headed to the back of the apartment .
tr	NN	While that blast had ignited something unstable in Iceland , it had also triggered these smaller surges , little flickers from spots around the globe .
tr	NNS	Institutes and a few old Shadowhunter families guard their Gray Books carefully and pass them down through the generations , often with much ceremony .
tr	NNS	Though my magic was fleeting , I still had human instincts I could rely on .
tr	NN	I study the bicycle in front of me .
tr	NNS	Just as the computers can access data from other factions , they can send data to other factions .
tr	NNS	" I 'll give you points for trying . "
tr	NNS	From his chambers he heard the dogs rushing the castle halls .
tr	NNS	What if someone had searched the ruins of her family home and found the letters ?
tr	NN	His finger to his lips completed the mockery .
tr	NN	It glows brightly , then crumples , and the patches of light which were used to create it flood back to us along with the magic .
tr	NN	said the head waiter , gloomily .
tr	NNS	His balls were striking her folds with every stroke , his c * ck slamming deep , his body convulsing as he prepared to come .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have the supplies for a trip back to Idris .
tr	NNS	" The State didn 't renew the piece rate contracts in the quarry ; my costs rose and demand was dropping . "
tr	NNS	Hal tried spare leads whilst the singer told the audience bad jokes .
tr	NN	By the way , if you ever have the chance to watch yourself struggle in pain like this , then take my advice and don 't .
tr	NNS	" We don 't have the supplies for a return trip .
tr	NN	It poured its wet , sticky self nearer to her and the dead bug words popped from its mouth .
tr	NN	Nearly had a nervous breakdown .
tr	NN	Kneeling beside her once more , Lukas swept a strand of hair from Sophie 's face and bent close .
tr	NN	" You must have gotten my resume , then .
tr	NN	She slipped her backpack off , pulling out her cell phone while walking faster toward the safety of her apartment building .
tr	NNS	I typed up reports and faxed them in .
tr	NNS	I walked along the shelves , stacked with bins of spare parts for the fabrication machinery , and the labs .
tr	NN	You people need saving , not me !
tr	NNS	I figured if I did everything as randomly as possible , it made the chances of someone guessing where we 'd gone almost impossible .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to fortify myself with more caffeine , to put off even further what I had to say .
tr	NNS	She 'd take these reactions more seriously if she didn 't also shiver with every touch .
tr	NNS	How will anyone question their actions ?
tr	NN	Gabriel moved his large frame off her body , his hand trailing over her soft skin once more because he couldn 't help himself .
tr	NNS	I require helpers I can count on . "
tr	NN	She took no joy in the act .
tr	NN	" I 've never got that impression from Sky . "
tr	NNS	' He who holds it commands the hearts and minds of whoever looks upon it - whoever " tastes " of it , as they say . '
tr	NN	He was fighting prostate cancer and I was the only family he had left .
tr	NNS	" I 've been reading the third quarter reports .
tr	NN	I can 't be seen modeling in one of Cole 's risque pieces .
tr	NN	He presses a smirk .
tr	NNS	" I get clients at all times . "
tr	NN	I opened the file and I 've got to say I was surprised .
tr	NNS	As much as he hated to do it , Hal flipped the horse 's reins and urged them to a greater speed .
tr	NN	Losing a whore . "
tr	NNS	Furthermore I still have the nagging doubts about how it happened and guilt over how to reach a conclusion as to who or what did this .
tr	NNS	Holding up my camera , I clicked off a few silent shots of the girl .
tr	NN	Holly 's fingers slid over the wobbly railing , feeling the rough wood press against her skin .
tr	NNS	You paid me peanuts -- " " I paid you a respectable wage -- " " You gave me nothing while you lived in paradise .
tr	NNS	You pick up all lands of useful things . "
tr	NN	" I-I want your cock . "
tr	NN	The large man already had his assault rifle up .
tr	NNS	" Fifty thousand dollars ? "
tr	NNS	Neil could feel the drugs eating through his system .
tr	NN	I grabbed my white sleeveless nightgown and a dry pair of panties and walked into the bathroom .
tr	NNS	Clementine 's massaged her temples .
tr	NNS	He pulled the reins to adjust the horses ' path .
tr	NNS	But he was already using powerful strokes to propel the chair down the hall to the small cage .
tr	NN	Unless he was with the guys playing golf , I rarely got a glimpse of him .
tr	NNS	Then he rubbed his temples and searched his brain for a precedent .
tr	NN	She 's seen the lust in Laird McDonald 's eyes .
tr	NNS	That I knew he kept drugs there .
tr	NNS	I slapped my hardness against her soaked entrance and she moaned , knowing what was coming .
tr	NN	" I can read your body language , Nick .
tr	NN	You missed out an important detail . "
tr	NNS	Percival couldn 't find any other tunnels leading away except for the one they had come by .
tr	NN	I won my category . '
tr	NN	I could feel her exhaustion .
tr	NN	She gripped his throbbing c * ck in her hand , her slender fingers not quite able to surround him .
tr	NNS	A shaft of light entering between the half closed blinds caught her face and illuminating her expression , revealing a deplorable reality .
tr	NN	The evening darkness offered some protection .
tr	NN	She plunges the needle into my arm and within moments I become drowsy .
tr	NN	His fingers left her hip and grabbed for the bottom of her t-shirt .
tr	NNS	Xavier had compiled his spells into one book , now guarded by the prince of the Carpathians .
tr	NNS	Who do you think reports on the cleanliness of the bathrooms ? "
tr	NNS	" You owe me twenty-four hundred bucks .
tr	NNS	Why is the Compound still sending my dad interviews ?
tr	NNS	His fingers trailed up my thighs and stroked the skin of my hip just below the waistband of my panties .
tr	NNS	It took her two more rides to make the short hop to Huntington .
tr	NN	Do some digging there .
tr	NN	I snatched a pillow off my bed and flung it against the wall .
tr	NN	" Hey , wait a sec . "
tr	NNS	A lot of parents buy their kids houses . "
tr	NN	He bit my earlobe , and I gasped .
tr	NNS	No , instead she experienced white-hot , searing arousal .
tr	NNS	The feel of his warm breath against my neck was sending signals to just about every part of my body .
tr	NNS	" That I do , " he grins , those blue eyes mere inches from mine .
tr	NNS	" Did you know the victims ? "
tr	NNS	Each had sharp talons that dug into the orange trunk , and fingers on the tips of its wings which gave it poise .
tr	NN	She 'd been doing some private panicking for most of the day .
tr	NN	A large garden separated the castle from the horse pasture .
tr	NNS	Neil moved his goggles to where Rick sat , and scouted all around him .
tr	NN	When they didn 't answer , he couldn 't help but take a peek .
tr	NN	And in his thirsty lips , I found an answering plea .
tr	NNS	Beowulf placed three cups of coffee on the table and sat down next to Roxie .
tr	NNS	Another notice Frank had read , contained contract awards for concrete and asphalt , to a Texas corporation .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of Stuart speeding off in a huff .
tr	NN	She plunged the needle into the cloth .
tr	NN	" I really haven 't had occasion to climb buildings in the last couple years , okay ? "
tr	NNS	" Mostly I 've been translating spells and learning to defend myself . "
tr	NNS	" You mean seeds ? "
tr	NN	They 've captured Randor 's Pass and Potter ' Place at least .
tr	NNS	More than likely , I was staining the snowy whiteness of his expensive Italian shirt with my amber tears but he wasn 't stopping me .
tr	NN	As Bug 's envisioned the act , he snapped a candle in two .
tr	NNS	That hatred will increase over the centuries , not diminish .
tr	NN	" Those who knew her said she must be a pure being , and that maybe she 'd accidentally had an immaculate conception or something .
tr	NNS	" Did Goddard give you the basics ? "
tr	NNS	At least forest animals have fangs or claws or , at the very least , good instincts .
tr	NNS	And I know many other gentlemen in Boston who had humble beginnings and have become very successful . "
tr	NN	said the Sphinx smugly .
tr	NNS	The cook baked special biscuits in the hopes that it would help .
tr	NN	I 've been taking their loyalty for granted for too long .
tr	NN	In spite of how miserable she was feeling , she had an almost irresistible impulse to giggle .
tr	NN	Then she tucks a strand of bleached blonde hair behind her ear .
tr	NNS	All of them had vehicle ruts heading for big doors .
tr	NN	All hail the conquering hero . "
tr	NNS	Thank the gods I inherited my intelligence from my mother and not him . "
tr	NN	Wait a minute , why had you gotten her a plant ? "
tr	NNS	The infantry will establish positions in camp ; we must pack the soldiers tight , keep our lines together .
tr	NN	" The origin and eventual fate of the universe . "
tr	NNS	Saw knots of strange young people heading for clubs .
tr	NN	I could hear the shrug in his voice .
tr	NN	She made a grandiose gesture with one arm .
tr	NNS	The sadness in his eyes tore little bits off my heart .
tr	NN	Slowly , dramatically , the man placed the crown over my head .
tr	NNS	When I was sure he was gone , I opened all the blinds and turned around to survey my new territory .
tr	NN	' Gosh if it hadn 't been for me , we never would 've found that marker in the blood .
tr	NN	Cowboy Bob scratches his beard .
tr	NN	They Establish a Trading factory .
tr	NN	His cold fingers tied the knot behind Erin 's head , working gently with her hair .
tr	NN	" But this unit did not have the processing capacity to host me , and I would have burned it out in a relatively short time . "
tr	NNS	Merit , check the apartments . "
tr	NN	Sky and sea , keep harm from me .
tr	NNS	" I have no abilities whatsoever .
tr	NNS	A servant held the reins of two horses , saddled and waiting for us .
tr	NN	He didn 't wear any jewelry at all .
tr	NN	After five years , you 'll have the option of repurchase , and we 're contractually obligated to start renovations at our cost immediately . "
tr	NNS	" And a few older scores as well ? "
tr	NNS	I would 've preferred Klaus instead of Chloe right about then .
tr	NN	I get the urge to reach out and squeeze his hand .
tr	NN	She 's feeling the full effect .
tr	NNS	You didn 't fix our sorts of problems by post .
tr	NN	" Folks , we have a visitor here that says she is afflicted with autism .
tr	NNS	Did you ever take those knitting classes ? "
tr	NNS	" Uh-huh , " I said encouragingly .
tr	NNS	" Not identical twins .
tr	NNS	He finished the last dregs of his cider and leaned back in his chair , needing some sleep before the morning .
tr	NN	Father de la Chaise placed the domed cylinder before His Majesty .
tr	NNS	In my ears I have the prayers of generations past and to come .
tr	NN	He flashed his ID to the security guard .
tr	NN	One thing I can do is keep my trap shut .
tr	NN	" We 've got bigger fish to fry here , Big John .
tr	NN	Rainy weather always wreaked havoc on traffic flow .
tr	NN	They 'd merely been doing their familial duty .
tr	NN	And then I remembered the funeral .
tr	NN	I placed a lid on it and called it good .
tr	NN	I ignored the lump in my throat as well as I could .
tr	NNS	Follow my exact movements .
tr	NNS	No , I get nightmares instead .
tr	NN	I just need some juice of some sort . "
tr	NNS	Or do you have the hots for him ?
tr	NN	And if the model had an insolent dimple and wouldn 't take his eyes off her ?
tr	NN	She set down her fork and pushed her plate aside , ignoring my request .
tr	NN	I had a chance encounter with a bull once .
tr	NN	A tool to achieve his goal .
tr	NNS	I checked our data on the system , but we have nothing that gives a clue .
tr	NN	' What further proof do you require ? '
tr	NN	With that thought , both terrifying and vindicating , she raised her veil .
tr	NNS	Flynn turned a thumbs up to Silence and Luster , who immediately began to clobber their bound prisoner .
tr	NN	Crouching , she plucked a long , black strand of hair from the bark and held it up .
tr	NNS	Even millionaires could have their hearts broken .
tr	NNS	He could dictate numbers and it would automatically dial and connect .
tr	NNS	He had tried several spells but none had prevail .
tr	NNS	Why is Typhon abducting our transfer signals ? "
tr	NNS	The school must have had some data on his past . "
tr	NN	Sarah sets the crossbow down and surprises me with a hug .
tr	NN	" Why do I get the impression your mind isn 't on food ? "
tr	NN	Miguel sits a pew away from me and gives me his usual bright smile .
tr	NN	You 'd have the fish cooked by the time I catch up . "
tr	NNS	Francesca tries out the mattress .
tr	NNS	He identified potential leaders and established training camps often in a blaze of publicity .
tr	NNS	We both had additional magazines on us .
tr	NN	Ranma could clearly hear the collar bone snap .
tr	NNS	Cranes and wenches carefully pulled items away , but it would take the rest of the week to complete that job .
tr	NN	But then Granny lifted up the box lid and a big heap of fluffy green and pink material popped out .
tr	NN	" Why do you have a painting of me in your house ? "
tr	NNS	I 'm rinsing off the dishes as I load up the dishwasher .
tr	NNS	So why not follow his instincts now when it came to Sara ?
tr	NNS	Unable to stop myself , I clamped my thighs together and said his name again .
tr	NNS	I recall certain ... appetites .
tr	NN	Jasper checked every closet , checked under the bed and even did a scan of the outside perimeter .
tr	NNS	After breakfast , Mandy returned the dishes to Madge .
tr	NNS	For two hours , they had forgotten their own troubles and illnesses , and had lived in the world of magic that we created .
tr	NN	Grabbing a chunk of her hair Zeke inhaled her fragrance .
tr	NNS	I pulled two Bud Lights out of the cooler , popped the tops , and sat them in front of Travis .
tr	NNS	Who can understand the designs and the plans of the gods ?
tr	NNS	They offered her millions of dollars to hear their favorite songs sung from her magical throat .
tr	NNS	You can 't trust these folks .
tr	NNS	Holly flashed her fangs .
tr	NN	" Call the vet . "
tr	NN	He stuck his little belly out and turned slowly in a circle .
tr	NN	He held the box cutter behind his back .
tr	NNS	I 'd been given comfortable sweats and a baggy shirt and sweatshirt to go over it , socks and even a pair of slippers .
tr	NNS	You didn 't allow our actions to affect your loyalty to him .
tr	NN	But it could no longer be considered a novelty , rather a fact of life .
tr	NN	What other unpleasant surprises will this car have ?
tr	NN	Her voluptuous appearance sent a twittering sensation through his stomach , but he steadied himself and tried to appear nonchalant .
tr	NNS	But Claire shoved her doubts away right then .
tr	NN	He didn 't see Savannah shudder .
tr	NN	I brushed my knuckles gently against Milo 's cheek .
tr	NNS	She did chores for all the neighbors in the rundown apartment complex in which she and her mother lived .
tr	NN	Violet took the candle back to the table .
tr	NNS	" They got the best assignments in Moscow .
tr	NNS	Weightless , he inhabited the currents like a fish , like the water itself .
tr	NN	Monika holds up a brown leather boot .
tr	NN	Munroe Washington found his niche as well .
tr	NNS	In its place they heard a slight hiss .
tr	NN	" Tonight we will have the first execution we have yet had at this facility .
tr	NNS	I have a few nifty tricks up my sleeve , but I actually get a great deal of satisfaction from working with newcomers .
tr	NNS	Street lights from the banks of the river cast reflections in the water .
tr	NNS	He could offer her a hundred houses , all the power his wealth could bring , and none of that would tempt her .
tr	NNS	She 'd donned a black-and-white sundress , dainty white shoes , nylon stockings and earrings .
tr	NN	" Borrow your pen ? "
tr	NNS	" So you won 't burn candles on his mirror anymore . "
tr	NN	Almost instinctively , Mike picked up a Roman candle from the pile and lit the long stick .
tr	NNS	Turning around , she sees their three sons running toward their father .
tr	NNS	He had three interviews the following week that went smoothly , but they all needed time to consider hiring him .
tr	NN	Whatever Madame Undine had given her had her rushing to the slops pot every quarter hour .
tr	NN	" I will , of course , give you all the advice I can .
tr	NNS	I shoved the items into Katherine 's handbag along with the Book of Prophecy and the DVD that Trey had made .
tr	NN	" We 'll find him , Da , " his oldest said , the others roaring behind him .
tr	NN	The drama and excitement had completely wiped away his calm and relaxed attitude from only a minute before .
tr	NNS	All personnel man your battle stations ! "
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump in my throat .
tr	NN	Roger felt the urge to pull his legs up on the cube and cower in a ball .
tr	NNS	It wasn 't until they 'd gone several blocks that Steve noticed the back side of the mall .
tr	NN	The lips locked together would immediately know any miniscule element of fakeness .
tr	NNS	I 've just got babies on the brain because of little Madison . "
tr	NNS	Although counterintelligence is not part of their normal duties , they have exceeded all my expectations and are to be commended for their diligent work .
tr	NN	" Boy , bring us your new brew .
tr	NN	Go ride the bench for a while .
tr	NN	He will have a slow , but complete , recovery . "
tr	NNS	Luke 's eyes flashed dangerously .
tr	NNS	At this young age , this grizzly bear had already killed a few folks and it was just getting started .
tr	NNS	I 'm making arrangements now , okay ? '
tr	NN	He was earning the reputation of being a governor who got things done .
tr	NNS	" You 'll need my wheels for this first leg of the journey .
tr	NN	" To your health , gentle folk . "
tr	NNS	Jeff fit so well in this era , he even had multiple job offers .
tr	NN	I gritted my beak and changed form .
tr	NN	Not to mention all the other unofficial family members Mama Kelly has adopted over the years . "
tr	NNS	They both wore black uniforms , and insignias on their lapels announced their high ranks .
tr	NN	Fellows noted every detail even as his gaze fixed to her face .
tr	NN	I had completed my class tenth .
tr	NNS	I patted my pockets .
tr	NNS	" Yes , well , at least he has the Wentworth family interests at heart ! "
tr	NNS	the sergeant responded encouragingly .
tr	NN	Maybe he had an accomplice ? "
tr	NNS	She studied the knots tying her wrists to the rack .
tr	NNS	You 're losing your coolness .
tr	NNS	The suit gave each of us incredible and unique powers , so we called it the superhero suit and hoped it would keep us alive .
tr	NNS	Chapter Thirty Meet the Parents I had no idea that Logan 's parents once lived on the mainland before moving to Paragon and buying the bowling alley .
tr	NN	The thought that he sought control over me made me so angry , I grabbed my pillow and threw it against the wall .
tr	NNS	Hadley never regretted his actions .
tr	NN	" I don 't want a bath . "
tr	NNS	A couple in Star Wars Stormtrooper uniforms fed each other shots on the couch by the window .
tr	NNS	She 'd shucked off the heavy metal layers , making herself vulnerable , but lighter too .
tr	NNS	Maybe they had powers to read minds too .
tr	NN	When they were alone again , Zoe nervously studied the menu , praying that something would happen to ease the tension .
tr	NN	The despair in his voice made my heart ache .
tr	NN	They have never lost an aircraft or a passenger in all their years of operation .
tr	NNS	She dug her thumbs into his pressure points to keep his hands from her as she scrambled off of him and went for the gun .
tr	NNS	Lucia shuffled the pages to her resume .
tr	NNS	I have my suspicions that all of this was his wife 's idea in the first place . "
tr	NNS	" I was practicing my invisible skills this morning and ran into Alec and Zack in the hall . "
tr	NNS	I couldn 't even control my visions , let alone any power I might have .
tr	NN	You must enter a plea for these proceedings to continue .
tr	NN	Even when she felt his balls empty and his knees shake , she didn 't cease the suction of her mouth .
tr	NN	With a syringe , he injected a liquid into an intravenous line and it worked its way through the tubing and into the body .
tr	NNS	He cupped his palms around her cheeks , bringing her within kissing distance ... and waited .
tr	NNS	We are expiring too many vessels .
tr	NNS	I coughed delicately and tried to get my editor 's attention .
tr	NNS	His fecal matter , produced in prodigious quantities , fertilized the river grasses , which in turn allowed river fish and other creatures to live .
tr	NNS	Drawing out more moans , more pleas , more lust .
tr	NNS	" We should set regular lunch dates . "
tr	NNS	" I actually had active motivations for wanting them alive .
tr	NN	Young Mike hated football ! "
tr	NNS	" Is it like the beaches up north ? "
tr	NNS	He made out forms -- bodies .
tr	NNS	He has observed several methods and applied the most efficient solutions .
tr	NN	I went and got the pizza , cut slices and put them on paper towels because I was too lazy for plates .
tr	NN	Large boulders in crumbling patterns made maze like paths moving throughout the hill .
tr	NN	So he could feed off my terror .
tr	NN	But if he was in a hurry or if he got nervous , his inexperience could cause the quality of the second tattoo to slip . "
tr	NNS	The beds had numbers screwed to the wall above the bed , and repeated on the steel locker adjacent to the bed .
tr	NN	He gave me a time frame to build up the evidence and ... it expired .
tr	NN	The girl that was giving Sunny a pedicure startled and poked Sunny 's toe .
tr	NN	As Sandra uttered this last word , she gave a nip and a tug on Thomas ' arm .
tr	NNS	He knew the back roads to get the column around Vancouver without stumbling into any bad guys .
tr	NN	" I caught a big , black ugly snake ! "
tr	NNS	She expands her senses , automatically sending out the echolocation signals .
tr	NN	" Maybe you should do stand up comedy . "
tr	NN	Hannah felt a prickling down her spine .
tr	NN	I opened my eyes , more content and relaxed than I 'd been since the winter solstice .
tr	NN	I lifted the receiver and held it against my ear and waited .
tr	NNS	" You and your crew will also sow the seeds of faith among humanity 's survivors . "
tr	NN	" You believe the testimony of a hysterical girl ? "
tr	NNS	They must have been wearing suits . "
tr	NN	Please contact the editor at the above email address for further details .
tr	NNS	And I read the reports while flying out here .
tr	NNS	If I hadn 't still been freezing from the cold rain that soaked my hair and clothes , sweat would 've been trickling down my temples .
tr	NN	He carries his father 's goodness , and his mother 's evil . "
tr	NN	" But you like tennis , and I like you . "
tr	NNS	The mob held their positions for a moment .
tr	NNS	I have diapers and wipes in this bag . "
tr	NNS	The people in her new society used needles .
tr	NNS	As my brother said , I 'll be needing directions on where to pick the two of you up so that we can procure your permits . "
tr	NN	I had a fondness for it .
tr	NNS	She 's trying out a few sales and mixing up the inventory a bit to see if that sparks some interest .
tr	NNS	" Anthony considering what you have been through , I would have made exactly the same assumptions .
tr	NN	I squeezed the pillow .
tr	NN	" If it walks like a duck , quacks like a duck ... " Raja paused .
tr	NNS	He straddled her tightly closed thighs , and Savannah turned her face on the pillow to watch him .
tr	NN	She touched the soft material of her dresses .
tr	NN	He snatched up my pen and snapped it in half in delight .
tr	NN	Nita carries the vial to the microscope .
tr	NN	Jake removed the bell jar .
tr	NN	A chill ran up Lydia 's spine , and a smile she couldn 't control came over her .
tr	NNS	He located two plates and spoons .
tr	NNS	I had my doubts that one would wake at all and the other probably had brain damage from a severe head wound .
tr	NNS	I pull the reins to the right walking around the open corral in a circle .
tr	NNS	" Tomorrow in your lockers , the two of you will find new uniforms for training .
tr	NN	I bite back an enormous yawn .
tr	NNS	Now , come on , let 's show these buggers what golf is about ! "
tr	NN	She 'd already taxed her thigh getting from Salvation to Soldier 's Pond and back again .
tr	NN	I have a new respect for brooms . "
tr	NNS	She was wearing a designer sundress and a pair of heels .
tr	NN	The Giant let out a yell through his clenched teeth thrusting his head backward and looked Eli in the eye .
tr	NN	He pushed the luggage cart past the lobby 's glass doors .
tr	NN	Orion stands and begins pacing .
tr	NNS	Salina wouldn 't be giving me second chances to kill her .
tr	NNS	As long as he had remained in his position , he had covered his own tracks .
tr	NNS	The hay I had eaten was trampling my insides .
tr	NN	So , who had put the shovel against the deck ?
tr	NN	" Ms. Savage , excuse my language .
tr	NNS	A snarl exposed his fangs .
tr	NN	As if it isn 't bad enough all you kids wan na kill us , we hafta have our own kind doin ' it too ?
tr	NN	But nothing could dampen the realization that everything in my life that could go wrong , had .
tr	NN	She leaned back into his embrace and smiled , content within his arms .
tr	NN	She brought the soft cloth to her face and breathed in .
tr	NN	" Up the hill with the sheep .
tr	NN	Isaac gave a shrug of his shoulder and grimaced as he spoke .
tr	NN	Thimble grabbed the nearby net and scooped out three fish .
tr	NNS	His grey eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	NN	She turned the knob , opened the door , and stepped in .
tr	NN	Adie pulled off his ball cap and scratched his sandy hair hard .
tr	NN	Chris put a pout on his face .
tr	NNS	She heard the initial reports from the scouts but wasted no time before moving out .
tr	NNS	The evidence we have points to Porter . "
tr	NNS	" Would someone get these cats out of here ? "
tr	NNS	Quade thumbed through the pages , found the data sufficiently detailed , but then he wouldn 't expect less from a flyer as seasoned as Hunt .
tr	NN	He held a large crossbow at his side .
tr	NNS	People didn 't forge connections this quickly and certainly not under the circumstances that had shoved Donovan and Eve together .
tr	NN	He has the lab he always begged for . "
tr	NN	Debby , we are a team , we should not imitate anybody , but create a new genre .
tr	NNS	Can 't they check my fingerprints for ID ? "
tr	NNS	She fanned the pages , much as Leta had .
tr	NN	Begin construction next year . "
tr	NNS	Thor reached the shields and found a long , slim throwing dagger , which he extracted , then ran back to the throwing line .
tr	NN	" Trust me , you will win the fiance of the year award . "
tr	NNS	Who was to know what they told their families when they showed up at home all bruised and battered ... ... ... .
tr	NN	His expression in that moment , his lack of remorse later , had left an indelible impression .
tr	NNS	Ian would see the babies tomorrow .
tr	NN	- Kapoor My reply : Venkat , tell the investigation committee they 'll have to do their witch-hunt without me .
tr	NN	Just emptying the garbage , buffing the floors , vacuuming the carpet .
tr	NNS	" We 've had troubles enough today . "
tr	NNS	" I will not tolerate rudeness in my class . "
tr	NN	I try chief next .
tr	NN	I pulled off my wool cap and inched forward , examining the ceiling , the floor , the walls .
tr	NNS	She needed drugs after she ran away and turned to her ' friend ' to supply her before she finally took off for New York .
tr	NNS	All aviators had their tales to tell .
tr	NN	" I know the Carpathian healing chant .
tr	NNS	It had been built centuries ago ; a huge domed building adorned with stone statues .
tr	NN	He didn 't look heartbroken .
tr	NN	Because he wasn 't sure if he could stand another bedside vigil .
tr	NNS	But the fear in his eyes , the beaten look in his gaze caused doubts to filter through me .
tr	NN	And it made her heart ache .
tr	NN	He picked up his own fork and sampled the salmon .
tr	NNS	Each dose of gas produced more changes in her physical appearance and demeanor .
tr	NN	Still , his plans for seduction were going right down the drain , and that hadn 't entered into his plans as he 'd paced for hours .
tr	NNS	Bryce didn 't have the skills .
tr	NNS	They 've got massive armies , enormous territories , and nuclear weapons .
tr	NNS	Some of the men were carrying torches so he could see clearly .
tr	NNS	" We 'll take our chances ; it 's all we can do . "
tr	NNS	" Those victims had some powerful ties in D.C. .
tr	NN	She gave an experimental twirl .
tr	NN	Sophia let out another growl , and the giant dropped his hands to his sides and stepped away from her .
tr	NN	Ahmed now ran a moderately successful car wrapping operation ; a business which he 'd stolen off a simple minded relative of his .
tr	NN	Without bothering a warlock .
tr	NNS	They need the packs with them .
tr	NNS	" Why do you love roses ? "
tr	NN	He gave her a shove , setting her in motion as together they moved into the foyer .
tr	NN	One of his men is regaining consciousness and is attempting to stand .
tr	NNS	He winks at me and then speeds up , pulling ahead .
tr	NNS	I gave her millions in the divorce settlement .
tr	NNS	" After that , we simply followed local leads and intelligence , which led us here today . "
tr	NNS	I ignored both reactions and smiled as widely as I could .
tr	NNS	" How do you summon bats ? "
tr	NNS	It was a simple little picture in the lower corner but due to recent events , it spoke volumes .
tr	NN	I want that painting . "
tr	NNS	Never forget , Colin , I hold executive powers over the Circle .
tr	NNS	Promptly at nine he called DeVries , but being careful he used his cell-phone rather than the department phone .
tr	NN	Save yourself young hero . "
tr	NNS	I had my doubts about the women making up this class , but I didn 't want to borrow trouble .
tr	NNS	They both enjoyed this quietness , even if they didn 't talk about it .
tr	NNS	Had the world ever registered particular descriptions ?
tr	NN	Not only that , he flatly rejected my proposal .
tr	NNS	The waitress brought their meals , and they spent the next twenty minutes pushing food around on their plates and making small talk .
tr	NNS	They beat spears against painted round shields as they screamed their displeasure at her .
tr	NNS	They kept the travelers in order and the path moving .
tr	NN	It is giving you special treatment .
tr	NN	I can 't read his traffic yet .
tr	NNS	Back in the day , back when I was in full health , I would have trusted my instincts .
tr	NN	I 've stopped the fuel leak .
tr	NNS	And some of the kids here had had hardly any interactions with humans once they 'd come into their powers .
tr	NN	He tried another code .
tr	NN	Will had found a solar powered digger and excavated a mass grave .
tr	NNS	She 'd had the computer systems that ran the Station up and operational two weeks before the scheduled due date .
tr	NNS	Alec and I have been keeping tabs .
tr	NN	He gives a long tired blink .
tr	NN	He wiped the snot and tears off his face and sat upright .
tr	NNS	We finished our meals and went back to training for the rest of the day .
tr	NN	Neither of us could bear more than a prick . "
tr	NNS	Kicking off the small mountain of hay that he had managed to bury himself in , he quickly scanned the insides of the barn .
tr	NNS	Some withdrew guns , some preferred their sharpest daggers .
tr	NN	She had spotted the make shift flag , miraculously undamaged , but with burning embers falling all round it , threatening to obliterate it at any moment .
tr	NNS	The crew who had left had families on the planet , as they should in their home port .
tr	NN	I said a quick and brief prayer and waited for the worst to happen .
tr	NNS	As she felt the unmistakable trickle of sem * n down her inner thighs , blood drained from her face .
tr	NNS	He felt the mating instincts as she did .
tr	NN	He made his way to the teleporter room , gave the ID code of Stephen 's phone , and the world shimmered out of view .
tr	NNS	" We 've got your numbers and your lawyer 's address , just in case ? "
tr	NNS	Abigail 's revelation had confirmed his suspicions .
tr	NN	Rat grabbed the hilt of one of his knives and pulled it free from its scabbard .
tr	NN	The axe was cutting out a large chunk of marble , which was almost ready to fall to the ground .
tr	NNS	I had everyone 's best interests at heart . "
tr	NNS	I can 't trust my dates anymore ... just like that !
tr	NN	" I 'll get another shovel and help you clear the snow . "
tr	NNS	" I received new reports .
tr	NNS	He 's suppressing her basic senses it seems . '
tr	NNS	She could hear the snarls and the growls and a splash of blood already stained the ground .
tr	NN	I looked askance at her , surprised at her comment .
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths and continued to play .
tr	NNS	I thwarted her lustful desires once before .
tr	NN	He tilted the medal from side to side .
tr	NNS	Balan watched his wife 's useless efforts to fix the plant , baffled , and then realization struck .
tr	NN	Seconds later , I pulled the bloodied katana from his still figure .
tr	NN	" We 're getting a Queen , Gray .
tr	NN	They climbed the long winding staircase for more than half an hour .
tr	NNS	He could almost believe the ridiculous , superstitious tales his father had told him .
tr	NN	She 'd eventually get over the grief , fall in love with someone else , find a better life .
tr	NN	She could feel her granddad 's blessing flood over her .
tr	NN	" You missing any jewelry ? "
tr	NNS	All gave him glowing descriptions of their experience in the study .
tr	NNS	" I 've been picking up visions off the car since the night we got here .
tr	NN	Fifteen minutes later nobody had caught a fish .
tr	NNS	" Thank heavens . "
tr	NN	It 'll put a stripe of color down their thermal picture .
tr	NN	That earlier chill spread up his spine .
tr	NN	Either they had a lot more faith in her than she thought -- or Momma had caught Daddy 's gambling addiction .
tr	NN	and we couldn 't call her Angelica when she was wearing it , only Belle .
tr	NNS	By doing this he had actually mastered two actions in one .
tr	NNS	I will give her your greetings first and see how she takes it . "
tr	NNS	He doesn 't even send me birthday cards or anything at Christmas .
tr	NNS	She heaved the covers back and got out of the bed .
tr	NN	" RED likes logic , which makes sense since he 's a damn machine .
tr	NNS	Her eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	NNS	" I 've got a ton more positions I can show you . "
tr	NN	" Tell me your name , " Gavin growled out a mind-bending compulsion .
tr	NNS	And as their bodies melded together , she had felt his fangs at her throat .
tr	NNS	I don 't like knives .
tr	NNS	Empty houses gave off their own unique vibes .
tr	NNS	No one used memory cards anymore , and certainly no one used envelopes .
tr	NNS	Its own citizens ? "
tr	NN	Only now did she realize the extent of the foolishness she 'd committed .
tr	NN	And if I tell the truth , Gage wins the championship .
tr	NNS	Besides , she had bigger issues at the moment .
tr	NN	" Freddy needed some professional instruction . "
tr	NN	The doctor walked down the large staircase , holding onto the polished oak rail at every step .
tr	NN	He grabbed the pen and paper and began writing .
tr	NNS	Diego now approached the one-story row apartments where Enrique lived with a feeling of pity .
tr	NN	They traveled this ridge until it began to drop off .
tr	NNS	We placed the babies on the changing table and took turns changing their nappies .
tr	NN	I could fix the makeup disaster but I probably couldn 't fix my puffy eyes .
tr	NN	She finished with a pleasant smile on her face , clearly in love with the fact she had made this rather impressive speech free of mistakes .
tr	NNS	" You 'll kill yourselves for nothing instead of doing the wise thing . "
tr	NN	I can also provide protection if need be .
tr	NN	Laci immediately put her briefcase down beside one of the leather chairs and turned to Jim .
tr	NNS	You have a great many curious items in there . "
tr	NN	" I 'm setting up a trust fund to take care of Jordan for life .
tr	NN	He ran the towel through his hair and placed it on the seat beside me , leaning back as he air-dried himself .
tr	NNS	" Officer , bring out the Starburst missiles out of its hole and place the whole system below the extended runway . "
tr	NN	He could no more stop his own release than he could dam a volcano .
tr	NN	Jael gives the question due consideration .
tr	NN	To put some scientific framework around what I already knew to be true .
tr	NNS	Sam could easily follow the tracks .
tr	NNS	A few of the residents had taken my knitting classes and I was beginning to know them .
tr	NN	Through his pants , she felt the thick rope of his erection and groaned once more .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes , whispering .
tr	NN	" How did you ever learn their language ? "
tr	NNS	She poured two cups .
tr	NNS	This one has pits for eyes and a gaping black maw instead of a mouth .
tr	NN	Emily picked up a People magazine and opened it randomly to a page .
tr	NNS	Many of you have similar tales of the horrors committed under his leadership . "
tr	NN	He opened the lid with care , and pulled his fingers away just in time .
tr	NNS	" Starting price one thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	He surely must have had some hidden talents , or be a highly persuasive speaker , to captivate so many followers .
tr	NN	" Get out of there , you -- " James had the rope in his hands and wrapped it around his left arm .
tr	NNS	Still , her rescuer had no pockets whether dragon or man , so where did he get this from ?
tr	NNS	Hunter 's rough hands slid up the loose sundress I was wearing .
tr	NN	" Hold down that dragon ! "
tr	NN	He had no clan , no warriors , and no servants .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to gulp at it but his heart slammed into full throttle and his hand shook as he thumbed the comms button .
tr	NNS	If you don 't watch out , you 'll have more paintball welts than you can count . "
tr	NNS	The splashing sound of water fil ed her senses .
tr	NN	He twisted the knob and pushed the door open .
tr	NN	I lost my glare and stared blankly in shock .
tr	NN	The pounding continued , the force rattling the siding on the bridge keeper 's shack .
tr	NNS	I convinced the QT directors we needed to continue the drug research , but I hid your participation in as much paperwork as I could .
tr	NN	The slicker offered little protection , but at least it kept the rain off Jack 's face .
tr	NN	The green had an iridescent quality to it , like a dragonfly 's wing , and it lay heavily but perfectly balanced in her two cupped hands .
tr	NN	" What ' cha doin ' ? "
tr	NN	He 's hammering a nail , but all I can think about is getting carried away feeling those tight abs last night .
tr	NN	My brothers and I had a nurse who stayed with us in our wing .
tr	NNS	I 'll do your chores -- I 'll do whatever you want -- for an entire year .
tr	NN	An eerie feeling crept up Adolf 's spine .
tr	NN	Max sized up his potential opponent .
tr	NNS	It left her breathless and wanting .
tr	NN	' Rows of teeth , ' said the oh god again .
tr	NNS	Have you had any visions where they weren 't dead ? "
tr	NN	The pleasure covered every sensation within her body .
tr	NNS	Turning her over , he stroked her inner thighs and smiled at the painted toenails .
tr	NNS	In fact , they didn 't have many opportunities to talk .
tr	NN	" I didn 't mean to scare you , " she said , a smirk on her face .
tr	NNS	Mitch rubbed his temples and began shivering .
tr	NN	I will get my treat .
tr	NNS	They 'll hear the shots .
tr	NNS	" Bottoms up , gentlemen . "
tr	NNS	For a while I wander the quiet roads on my own .
tr	NN	The vampires had placed compulsion ; otherwise , they 'd have never gotten past the guards and Secret Service .
tr	NN	He gave me a mock glare .
tr	NNS	Read your cards again , and really see them this time .
tr	NNS	He liked Shifters , now that he 'd gotten to know some , and he didn 't view them as dangerous animals that needed to be contained .
tr	NNS	Where did you get the data ? "
tr	NN	When we are alone I can give you a better demonstration .
tr	NN	" Mia , you make a very compelling argument , but I 'm already on board .
tr	NN	Besides , she hadn 't really taken Shane 's proposal seriously .
tr	NNS	" You can crack Tren security systems in ten minutes . "
tr	NN	At the sight of her , Douglas took a swift intake of breath .
tr	NN	We returned the gesture as she brought the others forward .
tr	NNS	" I have no illusions that she 's venturing anywhere close to heaven .
tr	NNS	I had way underestimated his capabilities , but , nevertheless , opportunity had come knocking , and I was answering .
tr	NN	She said nothing when the fire leapt to life , certain Byron had misinterpreted her gesture , mistaking her for being cold .
tr	NN	A shiver crawled up my spine .
tr	NNS	They scrounged a few worn but comfortable office chairs and managed to find a couple of small folding tables in the Citizen 's Escape compound .
tr	NN	A kind of movement , maybe from the settling dust , that reflected the gleam .
tr	NN	The class finished the video and clustered behind me , expecting me to lead them through the steps now .
tr	NN	At first she dismissed the sensation .
tr	NNS	" He was blackmailing patients to have sex with him in exchange for memories . "
tr	NNS	The twin brothers glared daggers at their younger sister .
tr	NN	" Unfortunately , Rose has an ally who has joined with her .
tr	NN	Open the door , hon ! "
tr	NN	As the door opened , I felt a blast of heat , like I had just stepped into an oven .
tr	NNS	He will do his off campus classes on two evenings a week . "
tr	NN	He recognized the two-headed snake .
tr	NN	" Oh , you know , just the same , " he answered absently , never one to call much attention to himself .
tr	NN	" Objects from that era hold the strongest attraction for me .
tr	NN	His legal assistant stole jewelry from one of Harris 's clients .
tr	NNS	Waiting for Nicole to come had sharpened all Quin 's senses .
tr	NNS	From behind the next building , he could see the silhouettes running to the wall .
tr	NN	And then I was sprawled facedown on the shoulder of the road , my hands curling into the gravel .
tr	NNS	And that explained the free classes he taught at night on how to survive .
tr	NN	She remembered the swaying dummy in his office that he used for practice .
tr	NN	Jake opened the package .
tr	NNS	Perhaps it caught other buildings on fire , too .
tr	NNS	I knew the scents of every one of those Council members , in addition to which ones had voted for and against me .
tr	NN	He wore his formal dress uniform , swathed in a purple toga as a symbol of the Caesar 's approval .
tr	NNS	" You took these shots , right ? "
tr	NN	" I have a Russian pistol .
tr	NN	She wore a soft gray sheath gown that managed to be both elegant and sexy .
tr	NNS	They show the families , watching the broadcast , too .
tr	NN	' Frances , ' he said with a laugh , ' you have exceptional talent on the tennis court , and I strongly doubt your last assertion .
tr	NNS	Carol didn 't attend the performances any more .
tr	NN	And exactly where did you learn this particular trade ?
tr	NNS	He rubbed his thumbs over her cheekbones and stared down at her , hoping she would see his sincerity .
tr	NNS	Reginald made impressed noises .
tr	NN	Rebecca gave a little shrug .
tr	NNS	She could feel all three pairs of eyes staring after her as she slipped away .
tr	NN	At the far edge of this stood a very old stone farmhouse .
tr	NN	I found what solace in that that I could , and silently wished him well as I watched him throughout class .
tr	NN	She felt a flutter in her stomach .
tr	NNS	I just need twenty-five hundred dollars for Gena 's bond . "
tr	NNS	Chase stopped inches from me before stepping closer and pulling me into an awkward hug .
tr	NN	I pushed a clump of tall weeds out of the way .
tr	NN	She had a hunch she wouldn 't be able to concentrate on anything else .
tr	NN	" No , I don 't hate your haircut .
tr	NNS	She would make no more attempts at escape .
tr	NNS	" I mean , I 've developed some new skills since arriving at the Manor .
tr	NN	He lifted a package to his eye , didn 't see a thing , and then held it to the light .
tr	NNS	I 've found the females of this clan and this territory hate that . "
tr	NNS	Zack rarely played cards .
tr	NN	Tonight she wore a cream colored Chanel dress .
tr	NNS	Briony is expecting twins . "
tr	NNS	Ben trusted their judgments .
tr	NNS	The grunts noticed their movements , as did the deacon atop the crane .
tr	NN	With it , a fraction of herself , that which makes her Chang ' e and divine .
tr	NN	Again a cold tingle ran up and down his spine , and he recalled her words .
tr	NN	Nisha had made breakfast , a talent and desire I hadn 't imagined her possessing .
tr	NN	We need the steward of Huron . "
tr	NN	From the middle shelf he took a leather sheath and a gray sharpening stone .
tr	NNS	Saying nothing , Iona got down plates and , at his direction , located the flatware , set the table .
tr	NN	Mike suppressed a groan .
tr	NNS	You make millions of people so happy .
tr	NNS	And all the while , he was gathering up items for a cause he knew was wrong .
tr	NN	He fingers a strand of my hair absently and it 's such a sweet gesture , because that 's all it is .
tr	NN	Maybe it 's the attention thing again , you know -- demonstration of control .
tr	NN	Their armor offered some protection , but it was far from perfect .
tr	NN	He held a rifle at his side .
tr	NNS	He shoved the cards over to Ace and sat back .
tr	NNS	I have a few errands to do after school , but I 'll meet you there at five . "
tr	NN	I felt a slight pang in my chest that I could have possibly made him proud .
tr	NNS	Andy Stoneman and his dad exchanged non-committal shrugs and an awkward handshake , while his mom patted them both on the elbow .
tr	NNS	She also needed shots .
tr	NN	Aguilar set the jar on the stones again and stood up .
tr	NN	You see , I recognized that butterfly .
tr	NNS	Remember your little meetings with him ?
tr	NN	I reduced the rate of my breathing , brought my metabolism to normal and came out of my trance .
tr	NN	Holly leaves her napkin on her chair and delicately stands up .
tr	NNS	" That includes all the stores within the Courtyard . "
tr	NN	Pines erupting out of the slope every few feet slowed her descent , adding cover from the bullets whistling by her .
tr	NN	He licked his pencil and was about to write the number in his notebook when he recognised the driver .
tr	NN	Yusuf kept up his banter as they fought .
tr	NN	A howl of rage and pain shook the landscape .
tr	NN	He gave a shudder .
tr	NNS	' What , you can see his tracks under all that mess ? '
tr	NN	Maybe it will spur an internal promotion and I will get bumped up a notch . "
tr	NNS	And I had three orgasms . "
tr	NN	" Giang , use that ramrod and punch a hole in that charge so it ignites faster . "
tr	NNS	" Maddie got a few pairs of shoes for the dress and needs you to try them on . "
tr	NN	She examined the resume again .
tr	NNS	She needs some utensils and clothes , so she 's doing it quid pro quo . "
tr	NN	They had a reputation for sending highly trained , well-equipped soldiers into places where hostile natives with cheap automatic weapons outnumbered them hundreds to one .
tr	NN	Kimbra repeated the plea , twisting her hair between her fingers .
tr	NNS	I could have shut off the suit 's heating systems and let the airlock cool to freezing .
tr	NNS	Over the years , he had accepted his skills and had learned to recognize when they were an asset or a liability .
tr	NNS	He remembered eating strawberries on the Seine , and Julie 's face laughing into his .
tr	NNS	As for my end of the bargain , I 'm collecting powerful allies to assist us with our cause .
tr	NN	Surreal gulped a mouthful of sparkling wine as she watched the children run around .
tr	NN	As if she had said something unforgivable .
tr	NNS	Turning her eyes skyward , she noted dark , heavy storm clouds gathering overhead and caught her breath .
tr	NNS	Enforcers were category five wizards with remarkable power and control of their magical abilities .
tr	NNS	Then she remembered the vampire gangs .
tr	NNS	But then he remembered the dark abyss of the scar .
tr	NN	Douglas placed the receiver into the cradle and immediately picked it up again , dialling two numbers this time .
tr	NNS	I craved the hardness of him , that smoky leathery smell , that overwhelming sense of masculinity all around me , forcing its way inside of me .
tr	NNS	Numbering near a thousand , they were learning basic tactical maneuvers .
tr	NN	" I don 't see the relevance of this line of questioning . "
tr	NN	" Did you add any baking soda to this ? "
tr	NN	I hardly have any jewelry and my coin is near its end . "
tr	NN	They topped a treacherous ridge , probably impassable to humans , and Darling found himself looking down into a deep caldera .
tr	NNS	I have no doubts whatsoever in the solidity of our alliance . "
tr	NNS	When he returned , Zane was gathering up the extra covers and tossing them on the bed .
tr	NN	Massive archways surrounded the stadium and housed enormous stone giants .
tr	NNS	A lesser woman would have kept those disks and that computer , having rescinded Bill 's ( and Eric 's ) invitations to enter the house .
tr	NN	The wind buffeted the large craft as if it were a leaf in a gale .
tr	NN	She held the only offering that could grant forgiveness for such an embarrassing intrusion .
tr	NNS	Carrying her to the bed , he drew back the covers and tucked her in .
tr	NN	" No , especially when you learn the meaning .
tr	NNS	Benji grasped the two dollars and stuffed it in his pants .
tr	NNS	He set the pans he 'd been using to one side and turned off the stove .
tr	NN	" Jo-Jo has some honey . "
tr	NN	Mari hadn 't had a pocket rocket in her bag for no reason .
tr	NNS	For investigative work , I charge fifty five dollars an hour -- and that 's ten dollars less than what the other PI 's charge .
tr	NNS	Disgusted , she flung back the covers and sat up .
tr	NN	Just like an experiment . "
tr	NNS	Intense friendship words , special words , lovely words , caring words and advising words filled the pages of our slam books .
tr	NNS	" When I know you better , when you 've matched my confessions with your own . "
tr	NNS	" Can you not bring the photographs out to me ? "
tr	NNS	He had money stashed away .
tr	NN	He raised the hem higher and higher , until the material pooled around her waist .
tr	NN	They gained the protection of the heavy stand of trees .
tr	NNS	" Our people have kept the tales of them .
tr	NN	With short , jerky movements he rubbed a cloth over his knife .
tr	NN	I lit the burner and put the water on to boil .
tr	NN	She had tennis in ten minutes .
tr	NN	He lost his virginity at age twelve , and his innocence at twenty-one .
tr	NN	Lindy finished her task , washed the hamburger goop from her fingers and joined him there , sitting on the arm of the sofa .
tr	NNS	" So she cut my balls and took my dick ? "
tr	NN	Having the wallet stolen has baited our trap better than having Joan play today .
tr	NN	As he spoke , Bricker was dumping butter in a small frying pan and setting it on the grill .
tr	NN	The phone number she is calling from has a 443 area code . "
tr	NNS	Just like helping my father had been turned against me , I found my efforts here twisted on their heads .
tr	NNS	The threads that explained the motives .
tr	NNS	You don 't like surprises .
tr	NNS	We both enjoyed the live performances -- especially the ones by Sonny and Cher .
tr	NN	I could feel my face heating up in the dark .
tr	NNS	He flipped two more pages .
tr	NN	It had a very , very little liquid on the bottom .
tr	NN	Death had an agenda .
tr	NN	They started up a boarding stair built into the door .
tr	NNS	It had hardwood floors throughout and a tropical meets industrial vibe with plantation shutters , exposed wooden beams , and all chrome appliances .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers and stood , wavering with no reference points in the dark .
tr	NN	But I had no proof and even if I did , I wasn 't sure that I could do anything about it .
tr	NN	The oldest architectural drawing of the building showed very little construction detail .
tr	NNS	And she could still hear the howls .
tr	NN	Unlocking her door with more force than was necessary , she pushed that man 's physique out of her mind and forced herself to focus on David .
tr	NN	I left the responsibility of Grace up to you . "
tr	NNS	Sorin bared his fangs and swooped down to bite Aden 's neck .
tr	NN	" He has attended every auction in the past , so I expect him to be at this one .
tr	NN	" Hello the tower ! "
tr	NN	I held back the snicker that wanted to come out .
tr	NNS	Also , we wrote our professors and let them all know what was going on .
tr	NN	I played mix and match jewelry at one of the vendor stands with Angel .
tr	NNS	Lifting her hands to his face , she cupped his jaws , relishing the warmth and roughness she encountered .
tr	NN	The bars make a fortune .
tr	NN	Forgive my language . "
tr	NN	There he saw the grinning Spyder , standing among the carefully measured rows of white twine and survey stakes .
tr	NN	Otto gave him a vicious glare that would make a serial killer proud .
tr	NN	The director continued her update , " the vandalism that has occurred is simple , but potentially catastrophic . "
tr	NNS	You must trust the bats .
tr	NNS	I took deep breaths and looked around again .
tr	NN	Instead of disgust and hatred , she felt pity .
tr	NN	He rocked the carrier faster , which just seemed to piss Mason off more .
tr	NN	" When did Clay make this confession to you ? "
tr	NN	Douglas grabbed his briefcase and walked to the door .
tr	NNS	She heaped up plates for the humans and then brought out the obligatory carafe of blood for the vampires in the room .
tr	NN	Of all the girls in the world , he loved a witch .
tr	NNS	More addicted smokers means more cigarettes sold .
tr	NNS	She could feel the stares of the bitchy girls across the room , but she didn 't care .
tr	NNS	They have big connections in Colombia and Mexico . "
tr	NN	I pulled my cap off and yanked my coat open .
tr	NNS	The girls changed positions in the lineup .
tr	NNS	" Someone told me you were making ham and scalloped potatoes and a peach cobbler , " Callie said slyly .
tr	NN	I pick up a wooden mop and grip it with both hands as I eye the other door closest to me with suspicion .
tr	NNS	Tomorrow she 'd plan the specifics and set the stage .
tr	NNS	Buy the tracks , please .
tr	NN	Dropping Bobbie Sue 's arm , he left the diner .
tr	NNS	Gel threw off the covers and stood shakily as the voice of reason spoke , his left hand going to the wall for support , for leverage .
tr	NN	True , Andrew felt great respect for Alyssa , and they had only kissed , but he knew that God had timed the lesson for them .
tr	NN	He held up an eye patch .
tr	NNS	The Temple has connections .
tr	NN	" Honey , he couldn 't risk the bad publicity . "
tr	NNS	I had removed the bindings soon after Bishop lost consciousness so I 'd know when he came to .
tr	NNS	Cy runs the suits back up to Crewe .
tr	NNS	They relaxed their blades .
tr	NN	" Did you use the powder ? "
tr	NNS	Placing me on a bed in the room , Andrew is hooking up IV solutions when Gabriel enters .
tr	NNS	A collective groan left the mouths of everyone in line .
tr	NN	I take the menu and feel Helena 's eyes on me .
tr	NNS	" Your Majesty , you have twin sons .
tr	NNS	" He has commitment issues , Mom .
tr	NNS	Her family goes back generations in that town so they 're pretty well respected . "
tr	NN	" And give her a peace offering -- a hug and a kiss . "
tr	NN	Looking at him made my heart twist .
tr	NNS	The locomotives stopped a few hundred yards down the track .
tr	NNS	He should have used my abilities .
tr	NNS	" So separate and bring the victims right back here . "
tr	NN	" These two commandeered a Syndicate shipment ?
tr	NN	And as Persephone neared him and he saw her , the look of joy on his face actually made Geary 's heart ache .
tr	NN	" It would take years to compute the solution , the music throws a wrench into things as well . "
tr	NN	They 'd discussed the possibility last night into the late hours of the morning .
tr	NN	The garden sprawled over a quarter of an acre and was entirely overrun .
tr	NNS	Nicolas added a few undesirable remarks .
tr	NN	We began the climb back down to the jungle floor .
tr	NNS	He brought his thumbs together with his fingers and squeezed her nipples .
tr	NN	Facing her now only meant certain doom .
tr	NNS	Hand on the garnet on her bracelet , she summoned the ingredients for the spell : Soothing the nightmare of a child .
tr	NN	Ian told the sales clerk just to put it on his account .
tr	NNS	She angrily slurped the dregs of her milk shake through her straw , if it 's possible to slurp angrily .
tr	NN	He felt a cold shudder of what would happen if Shaw did catch up with them .
tr	NNS	Delilah ordered two cups of peppermint tea and led Katia back outside to a cafe table .
tr	NN	I didn 't get cancer by smoking cigarettes .
tr	NNS	" How many of the volunteers are receiving settlements ? "
tr	NNS	" I have been monitoring the external sensors as ordered and I believe that I have detected another ship . "
tr	NN	Deckard caught the tooth , stepped on the bottom jaw , and pulled the trigger on the dart gun .
tr	NN	It only made her hotter .
tr	NN	Part I Sea Change Zach spotted her amidst the crowd soon as he rounded the corner to the quad where they were holding the Humanities Welcome .
tr	NNS	He called out directions and wondered who was there to rescue him .
tr	NN	May I speculate my lord ? "
tr	NNS	A row of canned foods , bagged foods , and junk food lined the shelves on her right .
tr	NNS	They walked the two blocks to the building behind the huge iron gates .
tr	NN	He had fished the flag and a tangle of lanyard out of the water .
tr	NN	As he picked it up , he brushed my knuckles .
tr	NN	His eyes skimmed the official document , moving back and forth across the page like a laser scanner .
tr	NN	He couldn 't question that growing hunger , not then .
tr	NN	Nox grabbed the rope , but even that wasn 't enough to lighten the blinding impact on her torso as the rope went taut .
tr	NN	Three magpies perched in a hawthorn tree took wing as he passed them .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods .
tr	NN	Clusters of dots speckled the landscape as far as the eye could see .
tr	NN	Anyone smart enough to get someone to check the remote to see if it will really send them back home gets a shrug and 1,000 xp .
tr	NN	He heard her bare feet padding on the wooden floor .
tr	NN	But once you see a stronger rival -- you back out !
tr	NN	" You 'll also find aspirin , seasickness pills , and such .
tr	NNS	Silver sparkles on white polish covers two pinky fingernails while her other nails have been polished to match her tank top .
tr	NNS	She cupped his balls , rolling them against her fingers , and that drew out a long , deep groan .
tr	NNS	" And we don 't want any preconceived notions about this baby .
tr	NN	I grabbed a hand towel and pressed it to Kristin 's neck .
tr	NNS	Neither did my sons .
tr	NNS	You have doomed yourselves ... She shivered in the evening air .
tr	NN	One of the leaders of the Northland Marauders was riding a steed alongside the caravan , and slowed right beside the baker 's wagon .
tr	NNS	Their cigarettes fell out their mouths .
tr	NNS	They didn 't make creepy statues that can control us , or send kids on life-threatening missions . "
tr	NN	Deepening his certainty that he loved her .
tr	NNS	I even checked the pockets of the dead doctors and found something very disturbing in Dr. Elliot 's pocket .
tr	NNS	God will answer your prayers in His own gracious way .
tr	NN	He made a beckoning gesture , and two other Nephilim moved into the hallway beside him .
tr	NN	Grabbing her around the waist , he floated down the rope , dragging her toward the ramp .
tr	NNS	" You make some valid points about the size of the universe and suffering .
tr	NNS	Sharon was making sandwiches like a woman possessed , and Greg tapped his foot against the side of his stool .
tr	NN	' Then tie the other ribbon to a bird sitting on Cover .
tr	NNS	Maybe , Richard and the reporter have different motives . "
tr	NN	David stifled a searing oath and forced his hands to loosen their hold in her hair .
tr	NN	I didn 't have the patience to wait for Dante to deliver them .
tr	NN	Even in Vegas she 'd earned a reputation as a peacemaker when problems with clients or employees escalated .
tr	NN	I 'll also be leaving a handful of warriors to guard Cadmus when we leave in the morning to search for the sword . "
tr	NNS	He was lounged comfortable in a plush , heavily cushioned chair with one of his feet resting on the table .
tr	NNS	Why don 't you stay nearer to the water ? "
tr	NN	She checked a small , dingy clock she had brought with her and squeaked in surprise as she realized that she only had a few minutes .
tr	NN	As for myself , I just sometimes seek out affection , when I need to feel something other than pain . "
tr	NN	He noticed a simple iron dial on the wall , like the hand of a clock .
tr	NN	Rifle barrels peered over the threshold and scanned the tunnel path .
tr	NNS	Because it was unlikely she 'd have survived the tunnels long enough to run into one of our patrols .
tr	NN	Like each of the men , he carried a large , empty wicker basket .
tr	NN	She loves everything Holey and studies it .
tr	NNS	Michael took a few gulps from his afternoon tea , " What are we doing for dinner , tonight ?
tr	NN	" You dating anybody now , Lily ?
tr	NNS	You probably appreciated it ten to fifteen points in the polls .
tr	NN	Even in the cold , she could see a trickle of sweat on his temple .
tr	NNS	Jamie ordered three sandwiches to go .
tr	NN	" Francis , follow your younger brother 's advice and we 'll have a great time . "
tr	NNS	She 'd paid him two hundred dollars to jump Sasha and get some files .
tr	NNS	They pulled out plates and opened up the plastic containers and each person allowed himself or herself to whatever they felt like .
tr	NN	My voice sounded horribly phony as I babbled on .
tr	NNS	Referee Aaron Grant squatted in front of Goliath , their faces inches apart .
tr	NNS	From his pocket , Budda counted seventy-two cents in change .
tr	NN	He permitted no argument .
tr	NNS	" I already do chores , just like the novices . "
tr	NNS	Nonetheless , Boniface took no chances and as he passed the watch back to Luc he asked , " Has the watch been here all day ? "
tr	NN	" I did some further digging ... " Brad said .
tr	NNS	He started punching numbers into my phone as Iris got closer .
tr	NNS	She pushed back the covers as carefully and quietly as she could .
tr	NNS	" We can scare the bats away with preserved foreskins . "
tr	NN	I ignored the shout , not that it mattered .
tr	NNS	A cold gush of air met her palms as she moved them over the stones on her right .
tr	NN	He sees the trap he is in and knows there is no chance of escape .
tr	NN	Noah offers me the sponge with an apologetic smile .
tr	NNS	Despite Lynn 's lack of answers , Mac still held all the right cards .
tr	NNS	Silently , they took out the sentries with a single knife blow , which they then wiped clean on their boot straps .
tr	NN	He took the corkscrew from her , brushing her hand with his fingers , and she fought against the tingle which raced over her skin .
tr	NNS	They had sensors in this end of the house .
tr	NNS	She wanted something from him , and as with any business deal , he 'd concede some points but not all .
tr	NNS	He found one laced with citrus and held it up to her .
tr	NN	With each pulse of the clutch and vroom of the gas , a zing of excitement shot up Melinda 's spine .
tr	NN	She was wearing a white gown , and silver flashed at her throat , on each wrist , and on one ankle .
tr	NN	She 'd learn her craft and develop her natural powers .
tr	NN	He watched Dexter fiddle with his phone while waiting for the pump to fill his tank .
tr	NNS	As soon as I could , I 'd break all ties with Brad .
tr	NN	Her hand slides down her belly , and I imagine she 's reaching into her curls .
tr	NN	And here came a little white kitten padding through the open door to complete the picture , Elena thought .
tr	NNS	" I like messes . "
tr	NNS	I 'd pull the weeds and the ivy from Fred 's wheels and clear away the trash from the clearing surrounding it .
tr	NNS	" They organize search missions .
tr	NN	Rebecca tossed the hand towel she 'd been using as a cool compress into the sink .
tr	NN	She gave him a critical head-to-toe survey and nodded once , evidently satisfied .
tr	NNS	She always encouraged her teammates , and even when attempting to correct them , managed to make it positive .
tr	NN	He also grabbed up a crossbow and some extra bolts .
tr	NN	Later , if she added other foliage , they would make a nice dried floral bouquet .
tr	NNS	" My Mom got rid of all our game systems at the start of the school year .
tr	NN	We should do brunch at the Rosewood Country Club .
tr	NNS	Sampson had his doubts about this as something didn 't seem right .
tr	NNS	He also had long black eyelashes .
tr	NNS	Deep down , he had known the dangers , the risks , but he 'd allowed his need of her to persuade him .
tr	NN	" Worlds collide and bear creative fortune as well .
tr	NN	" How do you know what software we have at our disposal ? "
tr	NN	A shiver runs down my spine as a head slides up from the ground to mid torso to take position next to the road near my side .
tr	NN	He felt the world tremble .
tr	NN	Sarah always felt apprehensive around Sir George because of his alleged reputation , so she hesitantly followed him .
tr	NNS	With a flourish and a grin , he announced importantly : " This is one of the kingdom 's prized possessions . "
tr	NN	Thank goodness my shirt was still in one piece , even though it had ripped in a few places .
tr	NN	Perhaps Summer can give you some advice on carrying a baby . "
tr	NNS	Almost broke her ribs with his fierce grip .
tr	NNS	We actually need four full space crews , and a crew for the C-5 .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of something unexpected .
tr	NN	Had I known what would happen soon , I should instead have felt dread .
tr	NNS	Odysseus can persuade wolves to eat berries and leave the sheep alone .
tr	NN	I snuck another peek at him as he headed out of my room .
tr	NN	I 've been stuck in here all day , we haven 't had a customer for the last hour . "
tr	NNS	He could see the figures of the soldiers sleeping around him .
tr	NN	All readings being satisfactory Connie swung the big bomber on to the main runway .
tr	NNS	His tall , broad frame stunned her senses as he leaned over her , kissing her .
tr	NN	He had his little notepad out , pen poised .
tr	NNS	Once it was determined that there wasn 't anything they could do for Ryan , they turned their attentions to Eleanor .
tr	NNS	" That bag over there has a few photographs and things in it .
tr	NN	" Gabriel wants revenge on the ones who locked him away .
tr	NN	" I saw your Subject # 78 today . "
tr	NN	Walking side by side she pressed the pointed dagger into his side as she looked up at him and smiled .
tr	NNS	They had two gold coins .
tr	NNS	She hastily packed the few items she had rummaged through , returned the box to its spot , and geared up for another run .
tr	NNS	You must follow my directions .
tr	NNS	The setting sun had turned the waters crimson and bathed the austere walls of the chamber with an orange glow .
tr	NNS	" Can you explain the mirrors at your store ?
tr	NNS	He quickly spotted Polonius .
tr	NNS	My family had some connections , so my parents got me into a nice , safe college in southern Florida .
tr	NNS	" Jayne , I 've faced down criminals .
tr	NN	First , he changed his style of teaching .
tr	NN	It took superhuman willpower to keep from letting it go .
tr	NNS	He neatly laid out small plastic plates , paper napkins , plastic cups , and disposable silverware at the beginning of the long table .
tr	NNS	Steven exchanged grins with his father .
tr	NN	Just then Olaf enters the foyer .
tr	NN	He leveled his crossbow at her again .
tr	NNS	Cato made some adjustments , then nodded silently at her Commander .
tr	NNS	Jason surveyed the aisles of books all around him .
tr	NNS	You have enslaved yourselves . "
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers over him and disappeared .
tr	NN	She had a complete file on him .
tr	NN	Matthew swallowed the knot that had been his false bravado .
tr	NNS	I 've got about 500 pages in the que . "
tr	NNS	He interviewed the other " birds , " and found this attitude was prevalent .
tr	NNS	" Whatever you 're doing is working wonderfully . "
tr	NN	" He offers you safe conduct , Captain . "
tr	NNS	Not once did she question his excuses .
tr	NNS	I struggle , rising , and suck in air , my ribs aching from the pounding strain of my lungs .
tr	NNS	Stubby twitched his whiskers .
tr	NN	Harley picks the pillow up from the ground , and I notice paint is caked under his nails , leaking out onto his fingertips . "
tr	NN	He hadn 't yet tasted the stew but he was certainly looking forward to it .
tr	NN	The passion in his voice confirmed the depth of his remorse .
tr	NNS	People claimed stools at the hub of the bar , or sat at tables already into their meal .
tr	NN	I said impatiently , not wanting to talk to her .
tr	NNS	Men were allowed off the ships , but they would have gone ashore whether allowed or not .
tr	NNS	Sam took small bites , savoring the taste while he eyed the bakery tin until Simon put the lid back on , confirming that one meant one .
tr	NN	This immediately strikes a chord with me , the thought of which makes me laugh .
tr	NNS	The fire stopped inches from me , forming a fiery circle .
tr	NNS	" We should have just kept our mouths shut . "
tr	NNS	I trusted my grandmother 's instincts and valued her honest opinions .
tr	NN	Gumshoe guided the cruiser into another hall .
tr	NNS	He flattened his palms on the desk .
tr	NN	Did you see the magazine with the article about the movie ? "
tr	NNS	Until she stood a few yards away .
tr	NN	" I understand that parenting is more than just blood , " he said , still deadly earnest .
tr	NNS	" Don 't worry , " she said , " Mitzi won 't hurt your cats . "
tr	NN	" I 'd like my lawyer to have a look , if you don 't mind .
tr	NNS	She set the seed pots aside and held up her hands .
tr	NN	He felt the most foreign stinging sensation behind his eyes and he finally knew what the desire to cry felt like .
tr	NNS	" Dreams , " she told us , " Drown their victims before feeding .
tr	NNS	He used some breathing techniques to slowly calm his heart rate and ease his body to stop shaking .
tr	NN	Hey , sweetie , just whistle a happy tune .
tr	NNS	Wilson expected school systems everywhere in the world to line up to buy his computers .
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths , waiting for her racing heart to calm down .
tr	NNS	" Turns out I had awful instincts , at least I did when I wanted something so badly to be true that wasn 't . "
tr	NNS	And they have some abilities that concern us greatly .
tr	NNS	You obviously had seen the parasites before . "
tr	NN	Where do you hear all that crap anyway ? "
tr	NN	I gave her a brief summary of what I knew .
tr	NNS	" Is there any way we can smash all the clocks to pieces ? "
tr	NN	Please restore her health .
tr	NNS	She gathered up the dishes .
tr	NN	I hold up the jar .
tr	NN	Claire felt a little sinking sensation .
tr	NN	Man never saw an editing pen in his life .
tr	NN	She hugged the thick towel he 'd given her closer to her body .
tr	NN	Every person or object leaves an impression in time whenever or wherever it is .
tr	NN	Not a one could recall a single trial in which a person on the outside contacted the lawyers involved with hints of what the jury might do .
tr	NNS	He tossed the remains of his cigar into the fire , then hooked a thumb toward the woods .
tr	NN	This would provide at least some protection from falling off , though not much protection from the undead if we found ourselves surrounded .
tr	NNS	Yet , he was feeling all sorts of new things -- ever since the death of his human family .
tr	NN	And should probably not play football with them . "
tr	NNS	He scooped up the clips and put them in his bag .
tr	NN	The heart can find justification for feelings and behaviors that reason cannot abide .
tr	NN	" You can carry the rope and harness , Mr. Woods . "
tr	NNS	Just like they did for humans , opiates did wonders for vampires .
tr	NN	Apple , cell phone companies , we could make a fortune ! "
tr	NN	She pushed the cake towards him , indicating it was all for him .
tr	NNS	" This book has references from the first families ' grandchildren .
tr	NN	Here , he found a cluster of men with swords , come to arrest Christ .
tr	NN	I have clean-up duty .
tr	NN	" I 've never broken my oath .
tr	NNS	" I have rights .
tr	NNS	He went over the talking points for his future conversation with Ronan , and all of them sounded like things Ronan wouldn 't listen to .
tr	NN	I 've been investigating the arcade to help them .
tr	NN	They don ´ t even knock before entering .
tr	NN	" We heard an owl . "
tr	NNS	Roman historians Julius Caesar and Cornelius Tacitus similarly recorded the rites and customs of peoples that they met on their military campaigns .
tr	NNS	Even two or more of the merchants had packed up their birds in their cages and were going down the stairs .
tr	NNS	You drive yourselves up to Wichita and get the thermostat replaced .
tr	NNS	He puts two taper candles between us , lights them , and then dims the overhead lighting to set the mood .
tr	NN	That , maybe more than anything else tonight , made her heart squeeze up in her chest .
tr	NNS	When his TV misbehaved , Chuck , like many , suspected the fragile vacuum tubes .
tr	NN	She spotted a collection of spiny reeds just at the edge of the solid ground and slowly began her approach .
tr	NN	He gave the stairwell door another hard glare .
tr	NN	I could see the lust in his eyes as he stepped forward , held my face in his hands and whispered my name .
tr	NN	" But having minimal effect .
tr	NNS	" Just a few early birds . "
tr	NNS	He fired three shots in rapid succession .
tr	NN	She has no self-control .
tr	NN	For that matter , I don 't understand a tenth of what 's happening in my life right now .
tr	NNS	The lighthouse lit up the roofs of the dreary shacks along the railway line .
tr	NN	" I always watched football with my dad .
tr	NN	Juliette threw a pillow at her .
tr	NN	" Who better than you to see the potential of this place ?
tr	NNS	For now , he would obey , his instincts , not the murkiness of the doubts that had poisoned him for so long .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , I saw two flying figures in the distance .
tr	NNS	When we weren 't performing we were down at the studio talking shit and playing cards .
tr	NN	He liked the new hairstyle on her .
tr	NNS	She pressed the palms of her hands against each other , flexing first one arm , then the other .
tr	NNS	The driver of that white van was keeping tabs on something or someone in the Courtyard , and Meg Corbyn was the only new employee .
tr	NN	" A Church of pleasure , devotion to pleasure above all other notions or creeds , you could call it a devotional temple of pleasure . "
tr	NNS	Plus I 'm killing two birds with one stone here .
tr	NN	We have another task .
tr	NNS	Ludwig perused the leaders , foreign news and the finance section .
tr	NN	Eric 's look made Muhammad cringe at his own bad English .
tr	NN	Rufus doesn 't want your reputation smeared all over Manhattan , and mine with it . "
tr	NNS	He was using dark magic defensive spells , proving how he had turned wicked .
tr	NN	She was holding the bottom hem of the T-shirt out so it wouldn 't touch her skin .
tr	NN	She heard the rasp of his beard growth as he rubbed his face .
tr	NNS	Painter rubbed his temples , overwhelmed by the wealth and power that opposed his small group .
tr	NNS	" They spent millions to renovate an old building downtown near financial .
tr	NN	My mind had concrete clarity and I would do whatever it took to follow through , to carry on and finish the fight .
tr	NNS	The wrecked buildings and torn up roads only succeeded in making my dark mood worse .
tr	NN	I threw the wrench down .
tr	NNS	She used the same tricks he 'd put her up to for me .
tr	NN	" No , don 't wear that , " he pushed the brown blouse away .
tr	NNS	Then he spent five thousand dollars buying some Angora rabbits . "
tr	NN	With a smile , she plucked the cherry from her glass , turning back to Jax , her tongue flicking out to slowly caress the red cherry .
tr	NN	She felt the sharp prick of the knife in her side as Patrick pulled her away from the door and towards the descending stairs .
tr	NNS	You can 't enter yourselves , but you can keep him here .
tr	NNS	" I smell ... apples .
tr	NN	-- and no bull -- okay ! "
tr	NNS	Again I could feel all his desires and his thoughts flow freely .
tr	NN	Instead I locked the fish shack back up and took the ramp down to the dolphin pen .
tr	NN	Brian did not offer any protest .
tr	NNS	" With all due respect , sir , I resent your insults . "
tr	NN	Tony gave her an abbreviated version of the entire discussion he had just had with his grandmother .
tr	NNS	" I-I will not abandon my teammates . "
tr	NNS	I ran my thumbs under her eyes , capturing the tears that fell .
tr	NN	I paid the money , I got the deed .
tr	NN	" No , we cannot accept defeat !
tr	NN	He 'd also deposited a generous sum in Pink Teddy 's commercial bank account .
tr	NNS	I dip my thumbs into my jeans pockets and shut my eyes .
tr	NNS	He 'd gingerly tested the waters by stepping into William 's shoes with one of the leading candidates to be a future duchess .
tr	NNS	The middle of the highlights footage Kinzie took jump shots outside the paint .
tr	NN	It always made her gag and brought back horrible memories .
tr	NNS	We had three suites in a hotel near a bridge on the river .
tr	NNS	I pressed my palms into my cheeks and placed my elbows on the table .
tr	NNS	He hustled around gathering forms and slips .
tr	NNS	We could put folks up at the bed and breakfast . "
tr	NN	His voice lacked the conviction that the king would have liked to have heard , but it was essential that the two were sealed together .
tr	NN	After a moment , I recognized a familiar tune and started to laugh .
tr	NN	Jason noticed that one of his eyes was brown and the other was blue , a detail he had missed when they first met .
tr	NN	It was warm , the sea murmured beautifully , the wind whispered in the trees .
tr	NNS	He provided some tin cups with water that was caught from the rain .
tr	NN	Jace let the bracelet trickle over his hand as he thought .
tr	NNS	But for sheer appearance , Lorraine got high marks .
tr	NN	He was wearing a Led Zeppelin t-shirt and a black ski mask .
tr	NN	She had a brief glimpse of a shadowed room that seemed to consume an enormous amount of space .
tr	NN	Coming this way avoids any unnecessary questioning . "
tr	NNS	I 've had reports . "
tr	NNS	She stilled his movements with her hands .
tr	NN	Repeated a dazed Dickie .
tr	NN	An image of her husband 's face momentarily broke her resolve .
tr	NN	He threw the beetle into the air .
tr	NN	" Soon , " he said , " we 'll start the purge .
tr	NN	" So you get the command to watch the video , but nothing to tell us what to do about it ? "
tr	NN	If Mac hadn 't come to help Lynn , he would have one less ally .
tr	NN	On the inside , however , I felt my intestines twist into painful knots .
tr	NN	He snagged her hand before she dropped it to her side , then kissed her scraped knuckles .
tr	NNS	He was holding two large styrofoam cups with straws sticking out the top .
tr	NN	He pulled open a drawer in the battered desk and pulled out a length of lead pipe .
tr	NNS	It worried Jess as she grew closer .
tr	NNS	' Excuse me , gentlemen .
tr	NNS	I can make arrangements for you to stay at one of the Sherbrooke hotels in the city . "
tr	NN	A tear slid down her temple .
tr	NNS	Some of the villagers loaned them hides to make themselves more comfortable , as the people wanted the warriors to gain strength back from their traveling ordeal .
tr	NNS	" Both of your organization 's days in Paragon are numbered gentlemen .
tr	NN	Toby ejected the tape , and Austin , who was riding shotgun , put in a different one and hit rewind .
tr	NNS	Chloe , they have the most beautiful gowns .
tr	NN	She started pacing again feeling her heart pound .
tr	NNS	It opened its jaws and inched forward , fighting for every stride .
tr	NNS	The house , no doubt , cost millions of dollars .
tr	NN	A smile dug a dimple into one cheek .
tr	NN	" But you have your unicorn . "
tr	NN	She reduced the pipe 's flow and ladled in cold water from the jar .
tr	NN	I held out the receiver and looked at it .
tr	NNS	Never had called her folks .
tr	NNS	I still have classes and all that .
tr	NN	Melvin reopened the lid and began attaching the other eye .
tr	NN	" Did you ferret out the article she wrote ? "
tr	NN	Blushing slightly , Eve rolled back the foil lid of her orange juice .
tr	NNS	" He manufactures all sorts of machines for private investors .
tr	NNS	And here , now , a lie has changed the struggle , a lie has shifted priorities forever .
tr	NN	As I do , I see a large snout jutting among the tangled mess of branches .
tr	NNS	They had countless excuses and nothing to show me .
tr	NNS	Call your contacts at every media outlet in the area .
tr	NN	She studied his demeanor .
tr	NN	Pigs have a litter of young amounting to at least six and not unusually to eight or ten .
tr	NN	We needed that closure .
tr	NNS	One of the couples fed each other bites of cannoli .
tr	NN	I got the impression that it was only used for a shore house . "
tr	NN	He 'd order a burger .
tr	NN	I could chance a peek .
tr	NN	Her fingers ran down the spine of Nick 's quill and she fancied him penning her an amorous letter .
tr	NNS	Demetri connects his palms as if he were applauding .
tr	NNS	Needless to say , my mom had weathered many heated arguments with the old broad and I still couldn 't stand her , dead or alive .
tr	NN	" Have you told your uncle ? "
tr	NN	I sent Akira a suspicious glare .
tr	NNS	He 's got super high expectations .
tr	NNS	Vicki could almost see the wheels turning inside her friend 's head .
tr	NN	Whatever he was to her , his absence made her ache for him to return .
tr	NNS	Picking up Shifter groupies not your thing ? "
tr	NNS	It costs fifteen hundred dollars just to get there . "
tr	NN	Albert checked the clip in the semi-automatic gun , unlocked the safety , and sat up slightly .
tr	NN	His luxuriant , leisurely thrusts made her moan and arch upward .
tr	NN	Laurence ignored the interruption ; Riley would see Carver 's grog stopped for a week without having to be told .
tr	NNS	" Why would you leave sandwiches ? "
tr	NNS	" Okay , I charge a hundred bucks an hour , plus expenses .
tr	NN	Waters experimentally aimed her rifle at the kid , who stiffened yet wore a glare .
tr	NNS	The single word spoke volumes of his disgust for the idea .
tr	NN	' That would 've done it , ' he said still gripping the backside he 'd have so loved to have seen .
tr	NN	" I hope you 're not planning on having her toy with magic , " Mage called , " considering we have a truce . "
tr	NN	Even us old folks can learn a lesson or two .
tr	NN	Instead she accepted the disappointed TED 's salute with a nod and let the female clone out .
tr	NN	The angel had cut off his oxygen .
tr	NNS	Protestors will destroy the buildings , and workers and managers flee their employers .
tr	NNS	The males possess the same special abilities now that they possessed when they were alive .
tr	NN	I also got a big , thick quilt over my bed and the tubes pulled out .
tr	NN	Tiny raindrops flutter on my face and the windowsill , cooling my skin .
tr	NN	She started digging through the sizes .
tr	NNS	You can see directly the reports of crimes during our occupation here .
tr	NNS	We passed several white buildings until she halted before Quadrant 1 .
tr	NN	In fact , it had the opposite effect .
tr	NN	Done as a great eagle 's head , the helm completed the theme with onyx eyes and an ivory beak .
tr	NNS	Yet even rock-solid Tag had experienced marital troubles a year ago .
tr	NNS	It 's funny , we all have hearts , but do we ever truly listen to them ?
tr	NN	I could find out the gender of the baby if I wanted to know .
tr	NNS	The man set the cups on the metal table and extended his hand .
tr	NNS	" Len and Jim are sending their bats to give signals . "
tr	NN	She wants a grandchild for emotional reasons , but she also wants to feel a part of things again .
tr	NNS	He 'd eaten meals over the last few days , he must have done , but he couldn 't remember the taste .
tr	NN	He 'd invaded my privacy and used my private words against me .
tr	NNS	She felt her doubts and fears melting away in the memory of his sheltering , protecting arms .
tr	NNS	Still , I added another three inches of it around her hands , just to be sure .
tr	NNS	Because , honestly , I don 't trust priests .
tr	NN	" You adjust its little attitude , that 's what you do .
tr	NN	When she turned around she held a beautiful bouquet of gardenias .
tr	NN	He wore a dark grey military uniform , with no markings other than the insignia the others had on their shoulders .
tr	NN	That would put the lid on it if they have to come to me and saw me being injured after these .
tr	NN	A trickle of fear crawled down my spine .
tr	NNS	There were glazed hams and roasted haunches of beef and mutton and stewed vegetables and pies and pheasant and turkeys and . .
tr	NN	She screams out the last sentence hoarsely .
tr	NNS	Becca raised her wineglass of water .
tr	NN	She had one option left .
tr	NN	The spotlight above her head pours down her hair a cascade of light .
tr	NN	He held the towel out to her and she tugged on it before lifting her eyes to his .
tr	NN	Stuffing the bottle inside the screen , Philip pulled his backpack on again , turned back to mountain lion and ran .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't trust doctors . '
tr	NNS	The school hall monitors were supposed seniors who took turns volunteering to get extra floor time in leveled classes in hopes of moving up faster .
tr	NNS	He saw birds flying over the city .
tr	NN	Jess felt the urge to pace , but resisted due to long training .
tr	NNS	Returning to the kitchen , Ilona checked the dishes of cat food on the kitchen floor .
tr	NNS	Sitting around the fire Gaspar was telling tales of chivalry to his little band of adventurers .
tr	NN	I got a roast going and Oriole has to leave soon . "
tr	NN	" Add a confidentiality fee to that , Bernie . "
tr	NNS	You should have seen the hoops she wanted me to jump through just to find him a foster home .
tr	NNS	His father smiled thinly .
tr	NN	" And I don 't like his attitude . "
tr	NNS	" Take these creeps out now ! "
tr	NN	He climbed down the hill of boxes , still shuddering .
tr	NNS	I 've fulfilled some important assignments , but nothing tops this .
tr	NN	She tossed the towel on one of the jump seats that lined the wall of her bridge and sat down on the squishy black chair .
tr	NN	I held up a small handful of cash , unsure of what any of it meant .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to change into a beast .
tr	NN	They had an operation in Philadelphia back then , and he was stationed there .
tr	NN	Joe and I had an argument this afternoon . "
tr	NN	So who sent the assassin ?
tr	NNS	Have you lost your wits ? "
tr	NN	But it hasn ´ t been easy .
tr	NNS	Some areas of the caves had so many rugs , tapestries , and furnishings that Cole could almost forget he was underground .
tr	NNS	She had seen fangs .
tr	NN	" I understand your intent , mon ami . "
tr	NNS	She missed her sisters .
tr	NN	I have played the madman too long .
tr	NN	I have my very own welcoming committee waiting for me .
tr	NN	I grab the branch above me with both hands , but pull myself up with only my left arm .
tr	NN	" I am not of this world , " I whispered my admission .
tr	NN	" He some kinda scientist ? "
tr	NNS	She read the front labels on the first cabinet : Headquarters - London Affairs , AN , Mystic Treaty .
tr	NN	" I 've got another perk you might be interested in .
tr	NN	She 's provided us a password that will gain you access . "
tr	NN	God , why did she have this effect on me ?
tr	NN	Giving advice to someone who isn 't even listening to you . "
tr	NNS	He flung his assailants to the ground while keeping a steady arm in front of his people .
tr	NN	An uneasy shiver slipped down my spine .
tr	NN	A few of the younger men of the Order were high in the trees with the golden sickles , gathering mistletoe .
tr	NNS	I slam my palms down on his desk and lean over the expanse .
tr	NN	" Edited version ? "
tr	NNS	I take deep breaths as I try to calm down .
tr	NN	I replaced the receiver .
tr	NN	He gently lifted the veil to reveal her face .
tr	NNS	They beseech the clouds above to rain on their woman .
tr	NNS	The hot water felt nice , I could feel all my aches and pains disappear within minutes .
tr	NN	Misty had a very , very strong urge to cry .
tr	NNS	He wouldn 't be bringing back any cups of coffee .
tr	NN	As he handed me my refill , he appeared a touch bashful .
tr	NNS	I 'd heard all sorts of stories about these places .
tr	NNS	The Ebola was turning his insides into jelly .
tr	NN	Yuri tapped the drip .
tr	NNS	" Well , would you ever use steroids to help you out ?
tr	NN	" My daughter can bake a mean birthday cake .
tr	NN	Secretly , he loved her independence , but it also drove him insane .
tr	NN	One evening we got a shout out on the HAM radio .
tr	NN	He had learned patience in a hard school .
tr	NN	she said , the terror she was feeling evident in the breathless quality of her voice .
tr	NN	A shiver ran up Grace 's spine .
tr	NNS	I don 't make those trips into the time tunnel alone .
tr	NN	Unless he missed his guess , he had just discovered a new method for destroying vampires , one that was right up there with sunlight and beheading .
tr	NNS	He greeted the twins like they were all from the same hood in Compton and gave Dex and me the head nod .
tr	NNS	" Shouldn 't you be helping us gather supplies for our journey back ? "
tr	NN	Though a creature whose life was damned , he had brought this great goodness into the world .
tr	NNS	She 's always playing jokes on me . "
tr	NN	" My lady - " Emeline twisted a ruffle at her waist until she felt silk tear .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't fault the man 's mathematic abilities .
tr	NNS	It took a few breaths , but I managed to put on a straight face .
tr	NN	Lavina gave Janice an affectionate squeeze .
tr	NN	He muttered an oath and ducked up a smelly alley .
tr	NN	Can you risk censure to seize opportunities ? "
tr	NN	She stifled a moan as his strong fingers focused on a knot in her neck .
tr	NN	" Careful or you 'll give my ego a complex . "
tr	NN	I swallowed down the jealousy I felt at her happiness , and smiled .
tr	NN	He tossed the backpack onto the bed and it landed with a dull thud .
tr	NN	Roger grabbed another fork from Bloom 's truck and joined him .
tr	NN	She uttered a soft tsk .
tr	NN	I scanned my email , the normal litany of concerns and questions and suggestions jostling for my attention .
tr	NNS	As I walked out of the chow tent , I heard diesel engines near the front of the compound .
tr	NNS	Each had its own pros and cons .
tr	NN	He picked up the gown and handed it to me , and one moment he was beside me , and the next he was in the bedroom .
tr	NNS	I headed down the halls towards my quarters .
tr	NN	As she drew even with the berry bushes she heard the faint crunch of Robert 's shoes on the gravel path .
tr	NN	She loved the farm , the rolling fields that would soon be bursting with wheat , the green pastures , and the open sky .
tr	NNS	He could have easily walked off the pages of one of those fallen angel books that sometimes tempted me to stay up reading them on my e-reader .
tr	NNS	Blake halted his movements .
tr	NN	" I have faith . "
tr	NNS	That would cause worse emotional repercussions than it would if I did it . "
tr	NNS	I try six classrooms before I find a teacher who would take him .
tr	NNS	It had automatic repairing capabilities which worked on most rocks and asteroids , although it would do little against weapons or a black hole .
tr	NN	" You should give us more credit , Colonel .
tr	NNS	She worked the handlebars , keeping them stable .
tr	NNS	He closed the last few inches between them , snagging her around the waist and lifting her up to meet his lips .
tr	NNS	Just do some Jager shots before you go up there .
tr	NN	Sunlight glinted off the dragon knight 's serpentine helm .
tr	NN	I got a bot , an unfriendly bot .
tr	NNS	Marie doesn 't like hot dogs or popcorn , but they look great in photos that might appear in magazines to be seen by the base .
tr	NN	" I 'm expecting a very important long-distance phone call , " I told the clerk .
tr	NN	Thank goodness she hadn 't denied herself this fun experience .
tr	NN	" Just act like a lawyer . "
tr	NN	I 'd sneaked a peek at the sports section after Uncle Louie finished it .
tr	NNS	" But I can set up defenses in advance , get everything ready in daylight .
tr	NNS	You should have no doubts about that . "
tr	NN	Grey put the dagger down but kept his hand on it , his heart still racing . '
tr	NNS	" Everyone has nightmares .
tr	NN	Roaring and shaking and a flaming heat filled the pod .
tr	NN	I said , " Dutch baby , you ain 't seen nothin ' yet . "
tr	NN	" I 'll be right back , " I reassured the Queen , who was clinging on to my left hand with her remaining one .
tr	NNS	Avoiding the laser grid required the combined skills of a gymnast and a contortionist .
tr	NN	He ' needed forgiveness , but not from Noelle or Mary .
tr	NN	They passed a spreading oak with a heavy branch stretching near one of the tall windows on the upper story .
tr	NN	I 've only got one nephew .
tr	NNS	He 'll need good role models . "
tr	NN	He gave a shout of laughter .
tr	NNS	We would have lost some patients , regardless .
tr	NN	I crave affection as much as the next person , maybe more .
tr	NNS	" Many lost their crops to the mud and damp . "
tr	NN	He didn 't like holding the missing piece of the puzzle , didn 't like the responsibility it placed on his shoulders .
tr	NN	As I climbed it I got a strong impression that a lot of men came this way .
tr	NN	He might as well save himself the argument .
tr	NN	He switched his treatment to her other foot , his knuckles pressing into her instep .
tr	NNS	In fact , she 'd only known two other lovers in her life .
tr	NNS	Furious desire and raging ambition burns my sockets , so I will never see again .
tr	NN	The gruel had a vaguely sweet flavor and a chewy texture in his teeth .
tr	NNS	They could no longer hear the wolves at night and hadn 't been able to for days .
tr	NNS	Despite its fluidity , I had no doubts about its temperature .
tr	NNS	Guards were yelling directions .
tr	NNS	I won 't make excuses for Boyle .
tr	NN	He will stand trial for his crimes .
tr	NN	I can 't mention football without my sister mentioning that Derek played .
tr	NN	" No , thank goodness .
tr	NN	As he reached down to take possession of her mouth , he also took possession of her body with a firm stroke .
tr	NNS	I exhale a few breaths , then take the stage .
tr	NNS	The boy merely stumbled back a few inches , while Thor stopped cold in his tracks and fell at the boy 's feet .
tr	NN	She set the fork down .
tr	NNS	She can even predict various outcomes of a situation based on the different choices that can be made .
tr	NN	The mayor wanted the dangerous criminal caught and the stolen property returned to its rightful owner .
tr	NN	Dan threw another handful into the air , and another .
tr	NN	" Come on , I call truce .
tr	NN	She twists off the cap and takes a long drink . '
tr	NNS	Chapter Nine Need For Speed Eli asked directions as he went , finding his way through the maze of packed corridors to the sign-up booths .
tr	NN	Behind Vel , I enter a vault of some kind , filled with unfamiliar technology .
tr	NNS	Elliott raised his wineglass to congratulate them .
tr	NN	" And then I 'd like a nice massage .
tr	NNS	She 'd never retract her spines if he didn 't let her calm down a bit .
tr	NNS	He imagined generations of sailors looking up to it , comforted by its presence and its stability , always showing them the way home .
tr	NNS	" We spent millions studying kids .
tr	NNS	" Stephan has leads of his own .
tr	NN	" Where do you keep the shovel ? "
tr	NN	" Also a possibility .
tr	NN	Tori knew her style : she wasn 't popular and she was proud of it .
tr	NNS	My heart pounds as I scan the roofs again .
tr	NNS	Vicious barking drew three pairs of eyes toward the mine 's entrance .
tr	NNS	He 'd animated carpets and rested upon the backs of migrating flocks of birds .
tr	NNS	He watched her reactions , enjoying the way the aftershocks seemed to radiate through her body , like waves .
tr	NNS	That bridge has the most prolific sightings of unidentified aberrations in a four - state region , maybe the country .
tr	NNS	People could control the outcomes of what they observed .
tr	NNS	It sounded so painful to him , " thank you for making dinner , I can do the dishes . "
tr	NNS	These halls contained seemingly endless shelves of books and scrolls as well as tables and desks available for scholarly pursuits .
tr	NNS	He 'd made trips to the hospital blood banks and the butchers , to get the blood he needed .
tr	NN	She tightened her ponytail , but her hair was pretty much falling out of it , anyway .
tr	NN	The anger had pushed out all the clutter .
tr	NN	They had reached the cart .
tr	NN	We both stand , mouth spitting into the water .
tr	NN	The fact that there had been clothing found only gave me the proof I needed .
tr	NN	Gray already had his stolen pistol out , still outfitted with a silencer .
tr	NNS	They will find many opportunities in having me away on a doomed offensive . "
tr	NN	He no longer felt pity for Devlin .
tr	NN	After a while , he saw the Creek sentry .
tr	NN	No , Hart 's brothers did not know the extent of what he 'd done , and Hart prayed they never would know .
tr	NN	When Dad sat back down at the table , he picked up his fork as though we hadn 't just heard him shouting obscenities into the phone .
tr	NNS	After an hour , she had selected two overstuffed chairs , a sofa and a glass coffee table .
tr	NNS	Long tables on both the balcony and the porch held small figurines done in the same style .
tr	NN	Medium hair , moderately good looking , medium build , average height .
tr	NNS	" Well , that increases our chances somewhat . "
tr	NNS	He had no rights anymore .
tr	NNS	" I use small cardboard tiles .
tr	NN	Sarah felt her heart leap .
tr	NNS	Don 't they wear the worn-out rags instead of warm clothes ?
tr	NNS	Your involvement will increase our chances of a successful mission substantially . "
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths , forced down my anxiety , and walked up to the Mitosis clones .
tr	NN	The stranger lifted Lisa 's little frame , and against the elements , made his way to Amersham 's hospital a mile or so away .
tr	NN	Daemon gave him a soothing pat .
tr	NN	" Shall I call the cocktail waitress ? "
tr	NN	Her eyes radiated joy .
tr	NN	The book had a spiral wire binding .
tr	NNS	And if my father did one thing , he always fulfilled his obligations .
tr	NN	If it 's honored , it might set a precedent that could prove disastrous . "
tr	NNS	He undid the cloth ties around my wrists .
tr	NNS	The light is so bright , she cannot stand the brightness .
tr	NNS	You saved billions of lives .
tr	NN	He and his foul folk are making havoc now .
tr	NN	They reached Maggie 's condo complex .
tr	NNS	" You 'll find some more lamps and candles in the kitchen closet , third shelf .
tr	NNS	" Old age has drawn his fangs , Sire . "
tr	NN	You told the cop that there weren 't any credit cards in your bag , but are you sure about that ? "
tr	NN	His knuckles brushed her belly as he assisted her with her seat belt and her heart jolted with each contact .
tr	NNS	Love doesn 't have conditions , right ?
tr	NN	Vivian couldn 't resist the urge to defend Myles .
tr	NNS	" Just give me directions . "
tr	NN	His hair was nearly white , his eyes a washed out watery blue .
tr	NNS	Can you both still see your true selves and be happy with it ?
tr	NN	She screamed and dropped the cloth in exchange for the best weapon she had at hand : an antique teapot her Gran had given to her .
tr	NNS	While late nights typically didn 't affect me , I also usually pulled my covers to my chin much earlier than I had the previous night .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , I 've got some paper supplies , boxes and bags . "
tr	NNS	They , like the Navajo further west , spoke versions of a quite different family of languages .
tr	NNS	Provide companions or guards if you can and I will return soon . "
tr	NN	He only recalled the impression he 'd left so many years ago , but Zane supposed that was enough .
tr	NN	Don 't they do hot chocolate and coffee at Copper Mountain Chocolates ?
tr	NNS	He did not find the photographs .
tr	NN	This posture represents peaceful intent and high reverence for my hosts .
tr	NNS	" Please you know your brother 's reactions to losing souls and you know he is making a choice for me now .
tr	NNS	All the while , he played out scenarios in his mind , possibilities of where Mudd and his swine could have gone .
tr	NN	They searched the entire structure and did indeed find a room very much like Torin 's in Budapest .
tr	NNS	Please send all available ships .
tr	NNS	" He has tech skills males can identify with , and females wouldn 't feel threatened by him . "
tr	NN	I made them last semester , for a St. Nicholas Day performance for my Puppetry grade , which of course was an A. I make the wish .
tr	NN	" I have a new search item , " said Markman , and he looked up from his eggs .
tr	NN	He wouldn 't quit the topic though .
tr	NN	" Running encrypted video .
tr	NNS	Do you have any leads ?
tr	NNS	" Don 't like doctors ? "
tr	NN	He turned the knob , shoving the glass door open .
tr	NNS	They couldn 't cast spells yet , but the way they instinctively tapped into their power names proved they were gifted .
tr	NN	She felt his rising thirst , but he swiftly buried it .
tr	NN	She gave a snort .
tr	NNS	I washed the dishes while she read through the information , including the guest list of everyone who 'd been there that night .
tr	NN	" Like this little witch right here .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to push her away .
tr	NNS	He held the reins with black gloves , and wore black boots over his feet .
tr	NNS	I entered Corrine 's chambers and she closed the door behind us .
tr	NNS	Do you really get five hundred dollars for giving that old guy your dirty sweat socks ? "
tr	NN	When Alex went to English class , Mrs. Friedman gave her the exact same treatment that all the other teachers had given her .
tr	NN	Ellie and Cortez shared the dismal recliner .
tr	NNS	He 'd wired the funds from over a hundred miles away under an alias of an alias of a man who didn 't even exist .
tr	NN	" I learned my lesson .
tr	NN	Jess brought out her passport .
tr	NN	We knew the Law by heart .
tr	NNS	The warriors beat their shields with their swords , making a mighty din .
tr	NN	Childbirth scared the crap out of me .
tr	NNS	I took bites of my turkey bacon sandwich while Ella talked about her psychology classes .
tr	NN	" Like a snake . "
tr	NN	I was seeing only a slice of the brilliant ball of glory , the briefest flare of red and orange .
tr	NN	It filled the valley .
tr	NN	Did you see an attraction like that ? "
tr	NN	He almost replaced his battery , but looked at her first .
tr	NNS	We 'll use their cameras to show them how wrong they are about us . "
tr	NN	She 'd be ravishing all flushed with passion ... Hang it !
tr	NNS	We 'd allocated two meetings for Jack the Ripper .
tr	NNS	" Anger and greed can complicate the simplest issues .
tr	NN	I felt this overwhelming hunger to touch him as he brushed past me , his stride purposeful .
tr	NNS	The peacekeepers also discourage outsiders . "
tr	NNS	The bastards didn 't wear condoms .
tr	NN	I even got an appointment to the Air Force Academy ... " His voice trailed off as he tossed aside a branch .
tr	NN	At least he 'd offered the second option .
tr	NN	All it ended up doing was awakening my fertility .
tr	NN	He turned the knob , but the door wouldn 't open .
tr	NNS	In the whole of my life , I 'd had two lovers .
tr	NN	He could sense the wolf 's location , could even hear the soft crunch of leaves beneath the pads of the wolf 's paws .
tr	NNS	Maybe , as was true of so many investigations , the police had suspicions but no real proof .
tr	NNS	And her allure ratcheted up several notches .
tr	NNS	" I know Chloë .
tr	NN	" Mother is making a special tooth treat . "
tr	NNS	He kept tabs on his travel arrangements .
tr	NNS	David pounded his handlebars again .
tr	NNS	Faeries will play their nasty tricks and games whether you can see them or not .
tr	NNS	For a long time did not receive roses .
tr	NN	Thank god I have Lake .
tr	NN	What repercussions could he be talking about , and why would my parents ever put our family in jeopardy ?
tr	NN	She 'd lost a tooth .
tr	NNS	The suits took booths ; the frat boys filled my end of the bar , surrounding me .
tr	NNS	" We have obligations .
tr	NNS	She could see large warehouse buildings , and unfortunately there wasn 't anyone in sight .
tr	NN	As soon as the intruders approached the fence , Brett shifted and vaulted over the wire .
tr	NNS	" Because Cameron is used to women who cross their eyes and fall over when he dangles diamond necklaces in front of them .
tr	NNS	" Fetch the items I requested . "
tr	NNS	Cale had even been given two meals .
tr	NNS	She lifted her thighs , wanting more , but he pushed himself off her and slid down her body .
tr	NN	Liz gripped her garden fork .
tr	NN	His lips contained a smirk that seemed to say he owned the world and could do whatever he pleased .
tr	NNS	Most other staff had been given the regulatory computer chairs .
tr	NNS	As she tried to take the blade from me , it cut her palms to ribbons , and her blood flowed freely down my arm .
tr	NN	Every single girl that I 've examined has had the kink in her throat . '
tr	NN	The morning sun made her eyes ache , and she had trouble staying focused on the road .
tr	NN	Roger shrugged and stuck the fork in the ground and leaned against Bloom 's truck .
tr	NN	She pulled the tape from his lips and he winced .
tr	NN	They questioned the previous owner .
tr	NN	He studied the president , who still paced the bedroom as if he were entangled in an unseen web .
tr	NNS	After all , look what had happened when she 'd trusted her instincts with Kenny .
tr	NNS	My carts are for transporting citizens , not soldiers . "
tr	NN	I have a standing appointment . "
tr	NNS	You must have had doubts .
tr	NN	She circled the furniture , running her finger along the slipcovers .
tr	NNS	It easily met my expectations .
tr	NN	Again she paid no heed .
tr	NN	I silently said a prayer that he wouldn 't see us , but God wasn 't listening .
tr	NN	I bet he hasn ´ t heard a word she ´ s said .
tr	NNS	Thomas loved bell peppers .
tr	NNS	He 'd collected coins , links of chains , a tin box , a necklace of shells , and a tin soldier .
tr	NN	He did not experience terror , nor bliss , nor a sense of a completed life .
tr	NNS	No carpeting anywhere , leaving the hallways to echo .
tr	NN	These 28 short stories show a range of Dani 's favourite writing styles , including pair dialogues , internal thoughts and sardonic parodies .
tr	NNS	How do you tell twins apart by their cries ? "
tr	NN	The demon had rushed up the hill and was now attempting to kill or disarm her by throwing rocks into her hiding place .
tr	NN	The rest of his hard features complimented the carnivorous impression .
tr	NN	Reaching into his pocket , Zack pulled out a handful of bills and pressed them into her hand .
tr	NN	Maddy gave a laughing groan .
tr	NNS	Stone had torn off the shredded remains of his leather overcoat and bandanna .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to laugh .
tr	NNS	He did take several trips .
tr	NNS	Others crawled up the bricks , some branching left , some branching right , others going straight up .
tr	NN	He wandered the desert for over an hour , moving at full demon speed but coming up empty .
tr	NN	Jordan risked a momentary scowl at Agent 1 .
tr	NN	My friends and family all understood I preferred email , especially with the odd hours I kept .
tr	NN	He coaches football at the high school . "
tr	NNS	Her mother , Queen Sophia , had once kept strong relations with the healing clans .
tr	NNS	I always encourage my clients to call and give us full feedback .
tr	NN	Last time Seth came for a playdate with my boy , he taught little Cal to shove his toys down the john , too . "
tr	NNS	Thank heavens he knew better than to ask for that .
tr	NNS	They would lose too much important data .
tr	NNS	We will hear no further excuses for these delays .
tr	NNS	I took off my boxers and lay down next to her .
tr	NN	I 've an appointment with one of her friends today . "
tr	NN	They wanted everything uniform .
tr	NNS	I took my meals standing up for the first couple of days .
tr	NNS	How long could a sane person leave five million bucks inside an illegally parked car in New York City ?
tr	NNS	Oh , and the chances of a DNA molecule forming by chance ?
tr	NNS	I always pick up some backup meals if I can 't cook or if I 'm tired .
tr	NNS	Albert started the engines .
tr	NNS	His long fingers spread the folds of her cunt and slipped inside , one swirling around her clit , two more penetrating her deeply .
tr	NNS	The bears had the numbers , but we had the strength .
tr	NN	At least Theo could understand this version .
tr	NNS	I 'd suggest the ruins of a house .
tr	NN	Jacob stirred the stew .
tr	NN	He brushed a knuckle to the side of her jaw and winked at Myra as he walked beyond them and down the hall .
tr	NNS	" Am I correct in assuming everyone present has signed confidentiality agreements ? "
tr	NNS	Staring him down , I felt all my old animosity bubble up .
tr	NN	He took a package of Players from his pocket .
tr	NN	He looked back up the hill and put his hand on the cable .
tr	NNS	He was going over case reports from the previous week , unable to focus , when he decided he needed to clear his brain .
tr	NN	This man screamed out his terror , his eyes bulging with abandoned terror .
tr	NN	He rasps his knuckles against the desk of an unsuspecting student .
tr	NNS	Fear had skewed her senses until she hadn 't even considered it could be him .
tr	NNS	While you 're preoccupied with Luke , somebody could kill Jess . "
tr	NNS	He thought about all the automated little mess halls that abounded in space .
tr	NN	Instead see grabbed the dagger and raised it above the girl .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms to her eyes and plunged her fingers into her hair .
tr	NN	A shiver dashed down my spine , setting every nerve on high alert .
tr	NN	" Fuck yeah , we need the guns , the ammo .
tr	NNS	As twilight approached , Mina counted at least twenty fires around the main lodge .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness you 're all right .
tr	NN	And I had no hunger , no thirst , no biological needs whatsoever .
tr	NN	How the hell could we possibly know their intent ? "
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths to compose myself .
tr	NNS	" He still has some fragments of the original sapphire left in his workshop .
tr	NNS	" When Schuyler first started the business , I could only manage a few thousand dollars annually .
tr	NN	The gown I 'm wearing has a fitted bodice , but the skirt is huge .
tr	NN	Outside , the ground feels slick beneath my sneakers , and my sack of clothes thumps against my back as I slow to a jog .
tr	NN	Keeping her gaze on the trail , she climbed the knoll .
tr	NNS	I hear only the heavy thumping footfalls and my clamoring heart .
tr	NN	He had this sudden impulse to be unkind .
tr	NN	" Can 't keep your liquor down ? "
tr	NN	I 'd take a repeat of last night right here if you 'd let me . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances with tending the wounded . "
tr	NNS	' I could give you directions ? '
tr	NN	He bit back a groan , sharing a glance with Christopher .
tr	NNS	Marissa opened the chocolates she brought and unwrapped one .
tr	NN	She lit a candle .
tr	NN	Give her the fish and get out .
tr	NNS	He enters his numbers for her .
tr	NNS	You could grow two fins ! "
tr	NNS	" I work weekends too . "
tr	NN	I gave him an evil glare and said , " Jerk , " before making my way out of the room .
tr	NN	Albert was attempting some humor .
tr	NNS	With a harsh sound that was almost a roar , Graham went for the wolf , his charge swift , his jaws opened for the kill .
tr	NN	" Good you made some stew .
tr	NN	Would you rather have had justice ? "
tr	NN	He got his self-control back .
tr	NNS	We all have our strengths , Haven .
tr	NN	If you 're careful , you can spot any intruder .
tr	NN	It had a heightening effect on his already simmering desire .
tr	NN	" You haven 't chosen a topic yet , right ? "
tr	NN	They devoured the pizza , Abby only pausing long enough in her running chatter about dolls and Princess Sophia to inhale three slices of pizza .
tr	NNS	" I made a few investments with them , quietly , of course , and without your father 's knowledge .
tr	NNS	I open a few more lockers to see what I can find .
tr	NNS	Duff took the pages out of his backpack and passed them to Chris .
tr	NN	She 'd chosen this outfit because it complemented her eyes and showed off her hard-earned shape .
tr	NNS	She could still see fifty pairs of mournful pug eyes flashing in the dark .
tr	NNS	' Thank you , gentlemen . '
tr	NNS	The men wore their finest suits and the ladies were dressed in the palest colors of spring and summer .
tr	NN	The demon laughed , a sound made more maddening for its rich , deep tone .
tr	NN	Roger of Haworth looked askance at it .
tr	NN	I hear the snap of her fingers , and the world fades away .
tr	NNS	' And Billy , I need supplies and I need them quick .
tr	NN	The Migrate got special treatment .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't joined any clubs , and I wasn 't coordinated enough to play any sports , especial y not at Mythos .
tr	NNS	A security breach at Maritime Bank of L.A. Something , and we think that something was this Dutchman hacker , triggered their servers to automatically reboot .
tr	NN	I know these things Caroline : I just wish I knew what I should do now . '
tr	NN	" We should each find a different location on this hill and spend the next two days reflecting on ourselves and our plight .
tr	NN	He drew a thin dagger from his belt .
tr	NNS	" I have put several items of clothing in the small alcove for you .
tr	NNS	Her brothers waved back , huge grins on all their faces .
tr	NNS	" I don 't get breaks .
tr	NN	He grabbed his pillow with his right hand and plopped it in his lap .
tr	NN	" I don 't give a fuck what you do with it .
tr	NNS	" Lissa , show me your fangs . "
tr	NNS	" You helped shatter two hearts today .
tr	NN	I pulled back the comforter and the silk sheets before setting Liza down .
tr	NNS	I mimic his actions , finally feeling free to look him over .
tr	NN	Put a full clip in the AR15 and followed her running to the scream .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , he had only one option .
tr	NNS	Lo and behold , they found tracks just beyond .
tr	NN	Get the fuck over it and don 't make this about me .
tr	NN	" Yes , Daniel , Rosie made this quilt for you .
tr	NNS	He would have spent all the billions of dollars of his company to be here if he had needed to .
tr	NN	Someone needs a hobby .
tr	NNS	" Call your servants to prepare the body for the funeral . "
tr	NN	At the first opportunity , I created a secret lab that was offline and then began to sweep my software for intrusions .
tr	NN	Mark explained the gem of his many projects to them .
tr	NN	He had spent a full clip when the demon made its next move .
tr	NN	His fingers dug a gentle massage into her hips .
tr	NN	He and Kane found a cluster of trees and made a temporary camp .
tr	NNS	' Here , plate up these sausages .
tr	NN	He never dated anybody but Evie , and it was the same with her .
tr	NN	She wrinkled her nose teasingly at him .
tr	NN	Gia watched her climb behind the wheel and heard a grating sound .
tr	NN	He shut the closet .
tr	NN	Her father 's A-list celebrity lifestyle didn 't attract her remotely .
tr	NNS	The Nightshade drug was affecting more than just his senses .
tr	NN	After that , Lea got off the scale , headed straight to Alonso , and started to put her clothes back .
tr	NNS	" Did you really expect politeness from me ? "
tr	NN	Back when we were " us " , I 'd discussed my parents ' unease at my career choice with Jake .
tr	NNS	I 've had more rat bites than you 've had hot dinners .
tr	NNS	And Henry had no doubts about his rights .
tr	NNS	Some were easy to recognize , wolves , bears , and some other animals .
tr	NNS	Now , armed with something for every occasion , she was hurriedly stuffing items into her suitcase .
tr	NNS	" ' Tis the young ladies ' dogs , sir ... " And then they were out the door .
tr	NNS	She also has earned 7 more PEARL awards .
tr	NNS	He had just shut the blinds .
tr	NN	Maria pointed up the escalator .
tr	NN	Everyone else would move the furniture in so that when they returned for the party on Christmas Eve , their new home would be mostly complete .
tr	NNS	Reid didn 't like her lyrics , and he certainly wouldn 't like the ones she had written about him .
tr	NN	Wren handed the cub a towel to blot his face .
tr	NNS	Spinner ignored the other items and started pawing through the keys , raising a few of them to his eye for inspection .
tr	NNS	A myriad of small dirt roads and dark alleys corralled the houses into irregular groups .
tr	NN	Maybe she 'd pick up pizza , but Bill didn 't like the children eating pizza .
tr	NNS	We can 't take any chances .
tr	NN	The open air structure showcased a hive of merchant coves intermingled with bars and portable stalls .
tr	NNS	" Thomas doesn 't play pranks , and the guys who do are all working .
tr	NN	" Give me the pizza . "
tr	NN	He was given responsibility for the coastal area of south west Africa , as I recall .
tr	NNS	I must have gotten my dates mixed up - today was not the dress rehearsal .
tr	NNS	I 've had terrible examples when it comes to relationships .
tr	NNS	It gives you special powers , right ? "
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any condoms . "
tr	NNS	His musky taste assaulted her senses .
tr	NN	The local authorities must not have located the parachute or any other evidence of insertion .
tr	NN	She watched the traffic out the passenger window and hummed along to the radio .
tr	NN	In two seconds flat , he had the condom rolled over his rigid erection and he was back on top of her .
tr	NN	I 've been walking this neighborhood for 25 years .
tr	NNS	I might need my contacts in Washington .
tr	NN	Perhaps I should have bought you jewelry after all . "
tr	NN	He grabbed his deer rifle from the cabinet .
tr	NNS	" I had some lucky breaks as a teenager .
tr	NN	None of them even had the silver diamond displayed .
tr	NN	His tongue teased my nipple before sucking it into his mouth .
tr	NN	" You don 't want to do that , boy , " Mr. Dust whispered , his voice soothing again .
tr	NN	" Enjoying the chocolate . "
tr	NN	" I could sure use parenting advice if you 've got some to offer up . "
tr	NN	She 'd try humor .
tr	NNS	Bahl Bazaar and Nomi did TV interviews for the press .
tr	NN	He gripped his dagger handle tightly and his fighting instincts began to take over ; kill your brother ... kill him .
tr	NN	" In this modern age , an educated woman should be considered an asset ! "
tr	NNS	He ran down the hallways and though the doors to his room .
tr	NN	But a chill shook her slender frame and Doug knew their time outdoors was coming to an end .
tr	NNS	I 've only told her bits and pieces about me that I know wouldn 't hurt her .
tr	NN	Thank goodness for free consultations !
tr	NNS	Why was she explaining her actions as if she was defending her maternal ability ?
tr	NNS	Gio and their mother had opposing versions of many subjects .
tr	NNS	But do you know what else has small hairs , just like the ones found on those three bodies ? "
tr	NNS	After several hours ( for his progress was very slow ) he suddenly saw two human figures on what was for the moment a skyline .
tr	NN	He slid the other shoe on , tied it and got to his feet .
tr	NNS	He handed them chopsticks as well as silverware .
tr	NNS	I scanned the passing pedestrians , looking for anyone who might want to hurt me .
tr	NN	Pedro quit the saddle and ran to the front of the truck .
tr	NN	Gregori gave the advice softly .
tr	NNS	They cleaned up messes .
tr	NNS	With a jolt and a screech of couplings , the Orient Express took the points and swerved away from the through line .
tr	NN	" Don 't give yourself credit where credit isn 't earned .
tr	NN	I had the urge to drag him into the trees to keep him safe .
tr	NNS	They took two more trips into Dallas .
tr	NNS	Logan snatches the cards from me and begins to shuffle .
tr	NNS	Then I grabbed my knives from where they had landed on the walkway and put them back into their appropriate slots .
tr	NNS	" So they 'll maintain the spells on the cold boxes and water tanks for three coppers a week for each household . "
tr	NNS	She has stolen valuable items that did not belong to her .
tr	NNS	He made wide circular motions with his arms , after which he stepped aside to let Jeff tackle the Porsche again .
tr	NNS	" I allow pets . "
tr	NNS	She couldn 't use her powers against a human , and he was the size of Texas .
tr	NNS	But in my despair , I thought - well , all sorts of things .
tr	NN	She was injured and needed a safe haven .
tr	NN	Rhonda patted her protruding belly .
tr	NN	" I didn 't take the towel off . "
tr	NNS	He drained the last drops in the bottom of the glass .
tr	NN	Elizabeth brushed her toe against Gray 's , warning him .
tr	NNS	You mean the Sisters ?
tr	NNS	You can 't introduce inventions and knowledge now that haven 't been discovered yet .
tr	NN	" Get your pretty butt in your car and let 's pretend this never happened , shall we ? "
tr	NNS	Hell , maybe he was shooting beach shots somewhere .
tr	NNS	Choice was something ripped away from him the moment her tongue made a sliding caress over the top of his .
tr	NNS	We make points about what we learned from the novel .
tr	NNS	He led the other two members of their motley band into the trees where their horses waited .
tr	NNS	He shoved the pages back at me and started to walk off the stage .
tr	NNS	Money can buy people many items .
tr	NNS	Someone had nailed boards over the ground floor windows of number 22 , and the door still sported scars from rocks the mob had flung .
tr	NNS	If your family had been involved in that murder , it would have destroyed my chances for partnership .
tr	NN	She pushed a needle into the top of one of Max 's insulin bottles and drew out a small amount of clear liquid .
tr	NN	Simultaneously , as I fall to his flank , I cock the rifle and pull it into position at my shoulder .
tr	NN	The simplest and probably safest thing to do is take off the lid and try and get some of the food into Rachel .
tr	NNS	In fact , it gives you no skills and makes you a bit of an idiot . "
tr	NNS	Tara had indeed worked miracles on this formerly sterile space .
tr	NNS	As she dropped the belt on the floor , she unbuttoned his slacks and stopped with her hand on the zipper .
tr	NNS	Liam took the two stacked meals and looked at the crumbled street around them .
tr	NN	The guy just screamed player .
tr	NN	" Yes , but we used protection ! "
tr	NNS	Now a fallen angel , she made her living swindling victims on the false pretense of having the gift of foresight .
tr	NN	Appoint a faithful steward .
tr	NNS	He told the students what to expect in the coming year .
tr	NN	It was after hearing the establishment of such like policies ; we wished to join this school .
tr	NNS	They could easily eliminate clustered diseases such as cancer , and genetic mutations could be treated with genetic alteration .
tr	NNS	I didn 't even like apples that much , but I was suddenly filled with the desire to stuff my face with them .
tr	NNS	Didn 't I see some five gallon buckets around here somewhere ? "
tr	NNS	' I like apples , ' specially the big juicy red ones . '
tr	NNS	All the things that those guys fed us stuck in our small minds and most of the kids tried out the skills on unsuspecting girls .
tr	NN	Words cannot express the depth of my surrender , nor the breadth of the music 's power .
tr	NNS	" Will you be handling the donations personally ? "
tr	NN	A tingle of excitement ran down his spine .
tr	NNS	The Firm owns two huge condos right on the beach . "
tr	NNS	My son still has nightmares .
tr	NN	" My voice affects the fork .
tr	NN	" We 've got a major crisis going on , and your head isn 't in the game .
tr	NNS	Then he shared his cash assets equally with all his relations .
tr	NN	Better call her owner .
tr	NNS	Angelica would have fought her captors .
tr	NN	An acknowledgement from Raphael behind his drums signalled the jukebox to fade .
tr	NNS	Nick patted his pockets for his phone before remembering he 'd dropped it outside before all the shooting had started .
tr	NN	She pressed the cloth to the lump , trying to clean sand out of the cut .
tr	NN	She inched her wrap back up and around her shoulders , the night having dipped to fifty degrees .
tr	NNS	The Thursday before Labor Day weekend , Chris finished his chores early so he could go out and enjoy the day .
tr	NN	Give me an All American Supermarket salute and get to it .
tr	NN	I swallowed my resentment along with my biscuit .
tr	NN	He abandoned his prayer and sat brooding .
tr	NN	The robot had changed his footwear into a pair of what looked like rubber boots .
tr	NNS	The private trunks contained the items that were , in some way , of value to him .
tr	NNS	He had drunk the drops of water clinging to the wax paper .
tr	NNS	Jude dried the dishes and put them away .
tr	NN	Emma felt her own lip tremble at the sight of her grandmother so disconsolate .
tr	NN	Only two minutes of monotonous clicking made the girl yawn .
tr	NNS	" Could we , you think , destroy those armies ? "
tr	NN	I stuffed my pillow and extra blanket into my sleeping bag , hoping James wouldn 't notice me missing in the dim firelight .
tr	NNS	He heard Rosie flipping pages in the background .
tr	NN	You might as well get a nice peek at the storm coming in .
tr	NN	Katie lifted her pillow long enough to shoot daggers at me .
tr	NN	With that , the young thief slipped back down the sewer grating and was gone .
tr	NN	Deep in the fathomless pupils that had held endless night skies ful of stars , there was a glimmer - not of starlight , but of green .
tr	NN	Ezio had struck up a nodding acquaintance with him .
tr	NN	Next , it plotted a graphical guidance tool to keep them aware of the proper course .
tr	NN	" Have you told Quinn 's lawyer that I will testify ? "
tr	NNS	I gave up dates to babysit you . "
tr	NN	When I got to my hotel room I switched the iPhone ringer off and took a nap , which helped .
tr	NN	On the other hand Johnnie couldn 't tell what further success he was having .
tr	NN	She gave her cheeks a quick pinch for color , then hurried down the stairs .
tr	NNS	Again , Xavier checked both directions .
tr	NNS	Most aliens did not have fingerprints , so they used voice recognition .
tr	NN	Nikolas raised the fiery katana .
tr	NN	Sadly , Senor Alvarez probably made up the most reliable aspect of my life .
tr	NNS	I searched all the floors - the basement . "
tr	NN	I do like you a lo - " I cut myself off before I said too much .
tr	NN	The old man ducked his swing and kicked him back .
tr	NNS	Then she felt dizzy and fell into the pit dead .
tr	NN	I can see her potential . "
tr	NN	Fintan felt a pang of jealousy like a sharp knife sticking beneath his ribs .
tr	NN	I tore open my closet and located a purple sash hanging up right at the back .
tr	NN	That thought too lacked real conviction .
tr	NN	" I see your jawline , your cheekbones , your mouth .
tr	NNS	A bank of windows overlooked the swirling clouds of the planet beneath them .
tr	NN	For the first time , she saw an easel beside the chair where he sat .
tr	NNS	Your assignment is located at : The Rosewood Academy 's state-of-the-art laundry facilities .
tr	NN	He gives Rory a pat on the back then hugs Vanessa , and finally turns his focus to me .
tr	NNS	He studied his cards , arranging their order .
tr	NN	' Put the Orb where the pommel ought to be . '
tr	NN	" Thank goodness you came along when you did .
tr	NN	They could hear the crunch of gravel as it turned onto the little lane that led to the lodge .
tr	NNS	What secrets did you tell those devils ? '
tr	NNS	" Like you didn 't do crazy drugs when you were in Iceland ?
tr	NN	" Like I said earlier , he doesn 't deserve your forgiveness or your love . "
tr	NNS	He had only gone two paces when the chain linking his ankles pulled him up short , and he tumbled face-down in the mud .
tr	NN	Jack gave him a shove , which was almost enough to knock Ryan off the table they were sitting on .
tr	NN	The butterflies in her stomach were quickly replaced an empty gurgle as the banquets ' aroma hit her nose .
tr	NN	From fifty yards away , he raised his pistol and fired .
tr	NNS	I staggered backwards and let out a whimper , but I didn 't want to let it go .
tr	NNS	No one made any claims , so he decided to take them home and give them to Charles .
tr	NN	They spit tobacco juice at us .
tr	NNS	The brothers stared disbelieving , despondent frustration twisting mouths ; chewing on expressions of anger .
tr	NNS	I don 't want your clients to worry about their projects although I know you 're leaving most of them almost finished as of last night . "
tr	NNS	The other mages summoned their fires but she stopped them with a thought .
tr	NNS	Adele placed two separate plates on the counter , each with half of the lettuce head covered in the racy ranch dressing .
tr	NN	I cocked Ollie 's pistol and stood parallel to her , ready and waiting to fire if she refused .
tr	NN	He snatched up the receiver before it even finished ringing .
tr	NN	" Aeron , you cannot make an announcement like that and simply change the subject .
tr	NNS	He remembered the powerful spells in her mother 's Book of Shadows .
tr	NNS	How will be buy vegetables to supplement our diet ? "
tr	NNS	Surrounding her was an ensemble of carefully laid out suits of armour , glimmering in the dull candle light .
tr	NN	Later that day , " okay , Jen , lets divide and conquer .
tr	NN	" I shall just have cabbage casserole . "
tr	NN	Had she made that plea because she knew what Mercer would do ?
tr	NN	Frustration made his molars slam together .
tr	NNS	I do recall peasants and field workers , at least .
tr	NN	" I give you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul , and my body .
tr	NNS	We all attended early versions of Doctor Lowell 's paranormal workshops . "
tr	NNS	They kill the families of deserters before they kill the deserters themselves .
tr	NNS	It quickened his hunger , made his fangs ache with need .
tr	NNS	Throughout her endless life , she had welcomed only those three lovers into her bed , and all three had been gods .
tr	NNS	' The good wizards who remained have been given the lowliest positions in the order , and there are several others like myself , outcasts . '
tr	NN	He kissed her temple , and just held her , not saying a word .
tr	NNS	I have told the priests that I don 't wish to go to war , and they appeared sympathetic .
tr	NNS	With the fly open , he slid his thumbs around the waistband , paused a moment and then began to ease his pants down .
tr	NNS	* * * * She hated hospitals .
tr	NN	She threw the towel on the floor and spun around , gripping the edge of the sink .
tr	NNS	But having met Cyrus now , I understand your motives .
tr	NN	" Why on earth would you want a dirty Yankee rifle ? "
tr	NN	Mike placed the soda .
tr	NNS	The door to the room splintered and burst in , fragments of wood going everywhere .
tr	NN	Just had a rather disturbing glimpse into your future .
tr	NNS	Born with magic , they could cast spells and bend magic to do their bidding .
tr	NN	" We heard your speech today . "
tr	NN	She didn 't see the Welsh delegation and breathed in relief .
tr	NNS	I felt my insides melt a little at the picture of Ryder , holding his coffee cup with both of his absurdly masculine hands .
tr	NNS	Plus , they respect outsiders , probably more than they should .
tr	NNS	" I 've not got any issues with you , baby . "
tr	NN	Several yards away , just over a rise , she saw snow blast up into the air .
tr	NN	" We didn 't use any protection last night . "
tr	NN	I could handle a motorcycle easily , even without the help of my magic .
tr	NNS	Brogan regarded his fingernails closely .
tr	NN	" Oh crap . "
tr	NN	" Plant some trees , donate to a charity my foot , " Kiara said and kicked the bench , hurting herself in the process .
tr	NN	We need some info . "
tr	NNS	I knew their families .
tr	NN	He hummed a haunting little tune , but I didn 't recognize it .
tr	NN	I haven 't gotten good fish in a long time . "
tr	NN	He buried his face in her hair , his compassionate whisper a plea , a soothing ointment for her wayward thoughts .
tr	NNS	Grams had shared bits and pieces of family history that no one else knew .
tr	NNS	I have studied the interactions between different species .
tr	NN	I deserve more respect than that . "
tr	NN	" I never got the impression your father was uncomfortable around the gentleman . "
tr	NN	" Do not glare at me , " Reginald said with amusement . "
tr	NNS	Under that ivy , Elaina knew the stone ruins of the Order lurked .
tr	NNS	Marcus entered Lord Eldridge 's offices a little past noon .
tr	NN	His cock leaked his arousal over her thigh .
tr	NN	He 'd learned that lesson long ago , but he just told her , " You won 't . "
tr	NN	I don 't want nothin ' to do with him .
tr	NN	Walk into any nursery and witness a male babe with his siblings .
tr	NNS	She 'd made two pans of homemade biscuits .
tr	NN	She would have consumed the Queen , too , if someone hadn 't stepped in to save her .
tr	NN	She had a little strand of hair over one eye , stuck to the edge of her lip .
tr	NNS	" Probably throw those peanuts at you . "
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of this man that night -- I 'm sure of it . "
tr	NN	And if he had a lot at stake here , he might have his own agenda regarding tomorrow 's taping of Riot .
tr	NNS	Brilliant world leaders at their best .
tr	NNS	He gave the compass back to Elena and she found that the needle no longer pointed to the north , but at an angle northeast .
tr	NNS	I 'll make some adjustments . "
tr	NNS	She hit her breaks hard , squelching them .
tr	NN	" They forgot one rune . "
tr	NN	Angus lowered his hand glancing at me with his cold eyes .
tr	NNS	' But I breathe clouds .
tr	NN	After a while of running he had a painful stitch in his side and had to stop .
tr	NN	One man of about fifty has a fiddle lying on the floor beside him .
tr	NNS	" Any other obvious numbers ? "
tr	NNS	" Avoiding the highways . "
tr	NNS	And look here ... do you see the planets in this first circle with a sun in the center ? "
tr	NNS	When they 'd been set to adopt her baby , Angie and Conlan had opened their hearts and home to the troubled teenager .
tr	NN	He gave the command softly , his voice compelling the other man to do his bidding .
tr	NNS	The toddler was practicing his walking skills while his father was following him .
tr	NN	He could feel that vibration as well , the warning tingle up his spine , telling all vampires to seek shelter .
tr	NN	They reached the garage staircase and began climbing .
tr	NNS	Your rent includes two meals a day .
tr	NN	Give me the soap . "
tr	NNS	His eyes darkened dangerously .
tr	NNS	Neither one of us had regular folks .
tr	NNS	Would he understand all the customs and know how to fill out all the paperwork ?
tr	NNS	The fountain made its wretched soothing noises as he knelt down and lifted her into his arms .
tr	NN	It had made his heart ache with a sort of yearning that he did not understand but that he wanted to express .
tr	NN	The vampire he battled had lost his religious garb and now fought him with dagger and chain , battling as fiercely as he and his brothers battled .
tr	NN	Still , no matter how much she weighed or how she dressed , Laurel deserved better treatment than John gave her .
tr	NN	Jessica deserved more respect than that .
tr	NNS	I scanned the monitors until I found an angle that showed my friends .
tr	NNS	" I thought , perhaps , because they were human , you were insulting my Sisters by refusing to let them heal you . "
tr	NNS	They all took up their positions by the main entrance , including Felix .
tr	NNS	I liked those classic versions of modern songs .
tr	NNS	They made sandwiches for dinner .
tr	NNS	Avery rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	I would ignore conventional notions of evil and immorality if these got in my way .
tr	NN	I suddenly understood Cade 's reluctance to tell us anything .
tr	NN	Just follow your destiny .
tr	NNS	" Watch your ballast gauges .
tr	NN	Dr. Payne has a fireplace roaring and I feel like I could fall asleep .
tr	NN	And maybe when it was time for Aiden , Hades would take pity on us .
tr	NNS	She must haunt funerals and beg for scraps ! "
tr	NNS	Have you been stealing bits of his ability too ?
tr	NNS	" We almost threw the supplies to the ocean . "
tr	NN	When the cable was fully taut , Frank locked the winch and climbed out to look at the job .
tr	NN	I gave one big yawn and was out my bedroom door heading for the baskets .
tr	NN	I set down my teacup and look at him , quite hard .
tr	NNS	" I haven 't felt any earthquakes . "
tr	NN	Jordan ran the explosives detector over it , sagging a bit .
tr	NNS	" I hate snakes !
tr	NN	His voice lacked the normal playfulness .
tr	NNS	" He was beaten pretty badly , " Lancelot told Bugs as the rest of the men stood by with concern .
tr	NNS	Across the field we saw the students coming out , almost in a kind of " V " formation .
tr	NN	Sam turned the doorknob , looking over his shoulder at her .
tr	NN	Sighing , she walked down the pier and stood beside dock number twelve .
tr	NNS	It wasn 't hard but I really wished that he would have told us , I hate surprises .
tr	NNS	One day and I was already seeing ghosts .
tr	NNS	Or reap the consequences , Benedict added mentally .
tr	NN	" I have an assistant who has taken over for a while . "
tr	NN	She picked up a towel and swiped it down her face .
tr	NNS	He brushed his palms against the seat of his very worn jeans .
tr	NN	You can 't ignore thirst .
tr	NN	I vaguely remembered the conversation Gabe had on the phone when our kiss happened .
tr	NN	And costing some customer a fortune .
tr	NNS	Will I have any allies on the inside ?
tr	NNS	She filled the test tubes .
tr	NNS	" He indeed has some broken ribs , but they 're lower and didn 't do any damage to his lungs or other internal organs .
tr	NN	I 'd borrow a pistol from Grenville and let Horne shoot at me while I fired into the air .
tr	NN	" Give me an example . "
tr	NNS	Even then , I ate a few bites first , not wanting to miss dessert entirely if she took umbrage and chucked us out .
tr	NNS	Power down your engines willingly , or I shall do so for you . "
tr	NNS	Nicholas and I share so many interests even though he 's an artist and I 'm a computer systems analyst .
tr	NNS	She cupped his balls with her free hand .
tr	NNS	10 Having lost sight of the cat , Francesca let the drapes fall into place and answered her phone on the way back to her laptop .
tr	NNS	The gutters near the streets are flooding the sidewalks and the grass looks like a pond .
tr	NNS	Use your powers as you 've been taught .
tr	NN	He possessed a devil-may-care attitude , harbored no shortage of confidence and a strong sense of entitlement -- just like his daddy .
tr	NN	I didn 't want the foreplay ; he 'd been gone for so long that I craved his touch .
tr	NNS	Two doctors in green surgical scrubs carried Styrofoam cups of coffee , steam rising from the surface of the liquid into the frigid air .
tr	NNS	" But what do you think the chances of that are ? "
tr	NN	I keep a treasure or two near my skin , as precious as Rings to me .
tr	NNS	But something about the look in my father 's eyes , something about Emma running , all of it set wheels turning in my head .
tr	NN	He showed us the arrest warrant where I was named .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to sneak through the window for proof .
tr	NN	You were fighting the equivalent of the home guard .
tr	NN	" Leave the eye patch on , darling .
tr	NNS	Still , he could not ignore the dangers of allowing himself to be distracted by lust .
tr	NNS	A strong odor invades my senses , pulling me from the darkness .
tr	NN	In fact , she 's got an almost bookish quality about her in the way she shyly moves around and ducks conversation .
tr	NNS	She let out an impatient hiss .
tr	NNS	" Where did you get the data ; I need to know . "
tr	NNS	But I only have two shots , and I may need both of them to save Elise .
tr	NNS	Surely that would tip the scales in Zack 's favor .
tr	NN	Lea quickly grabbed a towel and covered herself .
tr	NN	He took a strand of her hair , curling it around his fingers , awaiting her reply .
tr	NNS	I followed her directions and walked through the sterile looking halls , with my mom following closely behind me .
tr	NN	At the end of the day I had caught a few fish from the river .
tr	NN	Go into great detail ... painstaking detail , " I flirted , my heart pounding in my chest at his proclamation .
tr	NN	I wound some lace ribbon around my sword 's scabbard , using the time to deliberate and figure out my next step .
tr	NN	Percival noticed a mesmerizing quality to her eyes -- pools of golden fire that beckoned one to leap in and be burned .
tr	NNS	They gave me one very strong yank , and I came out of the shaft as if I 'd been lathered in butter .
tr	NNS	Pugsley looked daggers at Wolf .
tr	NNS	Tess and Savannah were holding IV tubes and bags of clear liquid .
tr	NNS	I dialed the numbers on the phone and waited for it to ring .
tr	NNS	I have , as you shall soon learn , many sons , none of whom I have betrayed to their deaths to preserve my own authority .
tr	NN	" I guess I 'll hide somewhere out there , " he made a vague gesture toward the edge of the Rim .
tr	NN	The King has a vendetta towards the King of Gods that he has been holding onto for centuries .
tr	NNS	Males outnumber females around here five to one .
tr	NN	A small shiver went down Destiny 's spine .
tr	NNS	" Even if that includes letting him have those sacred texts . "
tr	NN	" We 'd like a moment , and you 'll forget you ever saw us , " Merrill laid compulsion .
tr	NNS	He lost his sons when he sought comfort with his mistress in Venice .
tr	NNS	" Maybe they all have different senses of style ? "
tr	NN	Now I opened the fourth expensive tin of Kitty 's Divine Gourmet Sea Feast and spooned it into a clean dish .
tr	NN	Dropping the axe , he switched the pistol to his right hand and cocked the hammer back with his thumb .
tr	NN	I didn 't mention the bird .
tr	NN	In answer , Fuchs drew out a revolver in a flourish , cocked it , and put a single ball through the helpless king 's head .
tr	NN	" He should probably keep that soda as a mementos mori . "
tr	NN	I was finally seeing a flood .
tr	NN	He stuck the duct tape across my lips .
tr	NN	One wanted for females to be more recognized , the other wanted total world domination .
tr	NN	" Can and after I want fish and chip . "
tr	NNS	But he quickly scattered the bugs to let the night hide him again .
tr	NN	He flung the magazine across his office .
tr	NNS	I placed both my palms on the table and got slowly to my feet .
tr	NNS	We stripped our sweats and T-shirts down to our swimsuits and slipped into the hot tub .
tr	NNS	It would not entirely disguise their scents , but it would hopefully mute them enough to avoid attracting unwanted attention .
tr	NNS	I don 't watch or sift pornographic sites .
tr	NN	Ray found the scratching of the pencil on the pad irritating ; he tried to drown it out with his words .
tr	NN	But I caught a glimpse of her face as she turned to pick up two of the escaped cans .
tr	NNS	First , they 'd ditch the millions of questions they weren 't prepared for .
tr	NNS	" So I read a few pages and now we 're giving Ima a place of her own . "
tr	NNS	But they had spent centuries trying to absolve their sins .
tr	NNS	Even though the ones I have met seemed all right , they do question outsiders . "
tr	NNS	" I can make biscuits . "
tr	NN	The whistling sound made by its jet engines gave it away as not a piston engined aircraft .
tr	NN	" From what she said in the earlier summit , we can expect a one-to-one exchange rate .
tr	NN	He suggested a pub that was three blocks down the street .
tr	NNS	After dinner they would do the dishes , the four of them .
tr	NNS	I turn the wipers off and buckle my seat belt .
tr	NN	" They threw away your umbrella . "
tr	NNS	" No hanged witches and warlocks either .
tr	NNS	He and Griffin had adjoining offices with a shared bathroom complete with shower separating them .
tr	NN	Avery suppressed the fierce urge to scream .
tr	NNS	That could finish off both ships if they were coupled .
tr	NNS	She walked a few paces and then turned around , fisting her hands in her skirt .
tr	NNS	Just looking at it gave me the creeps and yet I stepped back to analyze it , unable to peel my eyes off the horrid statue .
tr	NNS	Cain sailed backward several yards and landed on his ass .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you get the steaks going ?
tr	NN	I rub my arms absently and then stop .
tr	NNS	She took a few more deep breaths .
tr	NN	She 'd caught a brief glimpse of Ambrose as Gruber had dragged her by the hair to see what she 'd " caused . "
tr	NNS	I 've had enough surprises for one day . "
tr	NN	' ETA five minutes , ' warned the pilot .
tr	NN	The procession resumed its advance down the concrete walk , pausing again at the entryway until the youth robots flung open the iron gates .
tr	NNS	They saw no bites or scratches .
tr	NN	Our slow complex preparations protect the caster by channelling the magic through the spell rather than the sorcerer , or sorceress , themselves .
tr	NN	She grabbed a food and wine menu and led him to his table .
tr	NNS	I took two deep breaths before turning around slowly .
tr	NN	It was Domingo the beach bum .
tr	NN	She laughed and pulled off her apron .
tr	NNS	And I share Miss Lee 's suspicions .
tr	NN	Blake released a sarcastic snort .
tr	NN	We don 't need the location to find treasure .
tr	NN	I straighten my spine , bone by bone .
tr	NNS	" Oh ... uh ... " I racked my brains , trying to think if I 'd known that .
tr	NNS	" I have no idea , " she said fervently .
tr	NN	" No , but if she kills you , we 'll do your funeral for half price . "
tr	NN	He has defended the painting of the lost sheep against his enemies and deserves the highest distinction . "
tr	NN	And the night offers scarce reprieve .
tr	NN	A reporter begins a broadcast , " This is Alina Baxter for WBC news reporting on location here in Wheaton , Illinois .
tr	NNS	He learned all sorts of things about his future bride .
tr	NN	A hand on her arm almost made her drop the basket , but then his hand moved to cover hers and kept the basket from falling .
tr	NNS	She had her shields up already and there was no getting around them .
tr	NN	I could see only top shelf liquor .
tr	NNS	" Excuse me , folks . "
tr	NN	The House 's lawyers will address the warrant .
tr	NN	She slipped the pillow under his head , then walked around the room , closing the curtains just in case anyone looked in .
tr	NNS	" So what grade are you in ? "
tr	NNS	Then they 'd abandon the buildings or tear them down and cart out the pieces , moving on to some other project equally as bizarre .
tr	NNS	I 'll take those tits in my mouth and tease them until all she can do is cry for more .
tr	NNS	No matter how hot the sex with Fallon is , he can 't ignore centuries of tradition .
tr	NNS	My mom said encouragingly .
tr	NNS	By evening Jason could discern beaches , trees , and jagged hills .
tr	NNS	At least I have my cigarettes , and I light up as I step outside the café onto the busy street and look around .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to do the nail raking and hair pulling I 'd complained about only a few days ago .
tr	NNS	We have three sons and a daughter . "
tr	NNS	I 'd given Will a few possible titles for Harper .
tr	NN	Even as he spoke , he made a slight error , and the character faded away .
tr	NNS	My mother and I had hired detectives : nothing .
tr	NNS	Mom was still banging pans , water running in the sink , but I kept my voice as low as I could .
tr	NNS	They have strong defenses that include watchtowers with ports , for firing arrows around the perimeter .
tr	NN	She knew the tall pine thicket in front of her and the rolling grassland at her back , every hill and tree and bush .
tr	NNS	He made the most outlandish remarks to her .
tr	NN	" They found the artifact . "
tr	NN	He wadded up the article and tossed it .
tr	NN	" Can we get outta here ? "
tr	NN	" Not like this Hailey .
tr	NN	And in Chicago Lara started construction on her second hotel , the Chicago Cameron Plaza .
tr	NNS	" Who has long fingernails ?
tr	NN	As soon as we got in Mathilda lit the big candle by the door and started whispering something in Wanda 's ear .
tr	NN	However , Alcott put the pistol back into his pocket , and my heart sank .
tr	NNS	The sword has many powers ; in time you will learn to understand them .
tr	NN	Morgan handed Claire a kitten .
tr	NNS	We thawed two dozen large steaks and I need a volunteer or two to start grilling them outside when the meeting is over . "
tr	NN	Wrapping it back up carefully , I put the lid back on the storage box .
tr	NN	Why use that phrase so solemnly ?
tr	NNS	Iona counted at least a dozen forms .
tr	NNS	The fruit of gratification has seeds of pain and regret of its inevitable discontinuity loaded within it .
tr	NNS	I know my lands , and we are still a hundred miles from the influence of the Shores ! "
tr	NNS	While I 'd been gone , Sophia , Violet , and Eva had packed up the catering supplies - what was left of them .
tr	NN	The opposite side has a latch closure .
tr	NNS	I found more and more excuses for not leaving .
tr	NN	She attempted a shrug .
tr	NNS	I 've got the directions right here .
tr	NN	Elijah had no leverage to push back .
tr	NN	" Well , the very first thing I 'm going to do is find you a good attorney . "
tr	NNS	I ate a few bites of the meatloaf and broccoli , but not much .
tr	NNS	Green Habitat United backs Tiger Island , Animal Rights International backs the deer . "
tr	NNS	" It said twelve cups for this size of a batch .
tr	NNS	Tourists and locals alike jammed the sidewalks and streets .
tr	NN	" I mean umm ... hi !
tr	NNS	It takes six adults to tear them apart . "
tr	NNS	" Makeovers always work wonders . "
tr	NNS	" I 've ruptured two disks sleeping on that couch . "
tr	NNS	He lifted the covers and climbed into the king-sized bed beside her and pulled her into his arms and that was when he realized she was shaking .
tr	NNS	I haven 't had any more dizzy spells since last week , so it didn 't cross my mind .
tr	NN	He spoiled the entire effect by adding hastily , " That 's not a threat .
tr	NNS	Hansel saw two lamps on either side of the room .
tr	NNS	As I reach the part about meeting Stenger with Carson in the lab , Connie returns , the tray now loaded with tuna melt sandwiches .
tr	NNS	" I took classes when I was hoping to travel through the galaxy .
tr	NNS	Ashe weighed different versions of the study guides later in Corpus Christi 's largest bookstore .
tr	NNS	We 'd bought all sorts of things for the nursery , but couldn 't agree on a theme .
tr	NN	I 'm giving myself a haircut .
tr	NN	The woman 's amber eyes slowly lost their accusatory glare as a slow flush of embarrassment creeped up her cheeks .
tr	NN	I feel a sensation in my pants , but decide that with my limited supply of time , masturbation isn 't going to make the cut .
tr	NNS	I adjusted my ' getting heavy ' backpack and shoved my hands in my jeans pockets .
tr	NN	I gave her a quick pat on the neck .
tr	NNS	I could shut all the drapes , like it 's my normal routine at night . "
tr	NN	As I do , Roland throws another bolt to keep me from touching the toppled throne .
tr	NNS	She wouldn 't have her powers anymore ; she might not even remember being a witch .
tr	NNS	They had numbers surely , but our weapons and organization aided us greatly .
tr	NNS	" You are not asking your allies to assume the greatest risk .
tr	NNS	I bundled all the items into my arms and turned .
tr	NNS	They offered designer babies for a premium price , and a few wealthy families took advantage of it .
tr	NN	At the base of the dais he stopped and bowed in one fluid sweep and announced the two generals .
tr	NNS	A new wave of nausea drove Eris to the grassy floor .
tr	NN	' And I gave him the flick , remember ? '
tr	NNS	They 've got connections .
tr	NNS	Her hands cupped his flexing buttocks , and she moaned , relishing the feel of his body working its way into hers .
tr	NN	Soon after , one could hear the cacophony of an approaching mob .
tr	NN	Did you see the statue ?
tr	NN	She unrolled the scroll .
tr	NNS	A crystal vase held a dozen roses .
tr	NN	I felt extreme discomfort at this exposure .
tr	NN	He made a slight hand gesture .
tr	NN	She finished her descent , then took out her father 's lighter and flipped it on .
tr	NN	I could hear the tease in his voice .
tr	NN	" I have complete faith in you , Melinda . "
tr	NNS	We 're grilling up steaks . "
tr	NNS	" These are shortened versions of the whole video .
tr	NN	He could not have such a determined attitude if he was not in the police .
tr	NNS	But he obviously doesn 't share my suspicions about Drew .
tr	NNS	Because believe me , Reverend , your congregation contains rape victims . "
tr	NNS	They stopped at a few more booths and then left the Expo Center , heading home to Red Mountain .
tr	NNS	Peter put all his senses on alert .
tr	NNS	Unload your ships , and we can march north towards York in one body ! "
tr	NNS	The man who had come in through the window grabbed a few items from his utility belt and he walked into my room .
tr	NNS	I 've contacted the supply ships .
tr	NNS	She passed tailor shops filled with row after row of sewing machines and kiosks selling candies and phone cards .
tr	NNS	" Mr. Dent , " Diana said , " Cassie overheard the ancestors talking about a spell . "
tr	NN	And you need a bath . "
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	That gave her a fairly long engagement .
tr	NN	I can feel your hunger , your need for blood nearly as great as my own .
tr	NN	She increased her water supply by retrieving water from the toilets upstairs .
tr	NN	Rasputin unlocked the cage .
tr	NN	Ali resisted the urge to find out if her daughter had taken advantage of Adam 's offer before now and decided she probably had .
tr	NN	I stuffed the wad of lace in my pocket and took off to save the rest of my belongings from a trip to the border .
tr	NN	I catch the pillow she flings at my head with one hand and toss it back , chuckling .
tr	NNS	" Since they ate the dinosaurs . "
tr	NNS	I rub my palms on my new dress .
tr	NN	He had this sudden urge to cling to Duke , like a little boy to his father .
tr	NNS	On the water 's surface he saw reflections .
tr	NN	Play a straight bat , no problem .
tr	NN	He offered no denial about the fact that he 'd sneaked inside .
tr	NNS	Two guards crossed their blades , blocking his access .
tr	NN	I note some fecal material excreted at the anus but presume that is normal evacuation at the time of death . "
tr	NNS	His sister would have died centuries ago , and the pain still hadn 't left him .
tr	NNS	" First of all , the dean changes community service assignments for NO ONE .
tr	NN	So , while they shopped , Joey , Tuck and I threw the football around .
tr	NNS	Craig and Zinnia fired more shots .
tr	NN	When she released the curtain and turned with tears in her eyes .
tr	NNS	His left ankle burned viciously , and he was certain that he 'd just sprained it at the very least .
tr	NNS	I wrap my thighs around the cold metal and lock my ankles together , before releasing my hands , and hanging upside down .
tr	NN	One arrow struck her thigh , making her stumble .
tr	NN	" Oh my god ... I can 't believe I just said that . "
tr	NN	I mean , the landscaping pulled the collection of disparate houses into an attractive and physically balanced , very appealing neighborhood .
tr	NN	" I promised you a massage .
tr	NNS	She could make out something blurry in the distance .
tr	NNS	Nate made good points .
tr	NNS	The pack of them wore suits of lighter shades , soft grays and blues and even a khaki .
tr	NN	All that lust that Tynan had planted in him as a joke came roaring back to life .
tr	NNS	David could make out the white wires of Xavier 's headphones running into his plaid pajama pockets .
tr	NNS	Not that the discovery of the women 's bodies had curtailed his activities any .
tr	NN	" Because , unlike the others , I have only one goal here .
tr	NNS	Removing his hand from beneath hers , he placed his palms on her shoulders and pressed down lightly .
tr	NNS	His doctors had been slowly lessening the chemicals in his body .
tr	NNS	He sounded breathless and there was a faint crack running through his voice that I 'd never heard before .
tr	NNS	a smoky voice whispered just inches from his ear .
tr	NN	Carl came up sputtering muck .
tr	NNS	" We 've also got some sandwiches and fruit . "
tr	NN	Margie drew in her breath , realizing too late , perhaps , the acknowledgment she had just given to hauntings .
tr	NN	And yet she kept digging for the truth .
tr	NN	She could literally alter her own genetic structure at will , in minor ways .
tr	NNS	Soak some rags in the oil and throw them in a plastic bag , in case they couldn 't find tinder for a fire .
tr	NN	She could hardly credit her previous error .
tr	NNS	Plus goods and services tax of course , just in case any small business had ten cents left to rub together at the end of the day .
tr	NNS	Chloe no longer had any fears of being controlled and Chase no longer held back to make sure he didn 't push her too far .
tr	NNS	Even some of your siblings don 't have the powers you do .
tr	NN	They set up the fenced off portion of the base first and immediately started sending shuttles full of soldiers into the city . "
tr	NNS	I saw two figures approaching the pavilion and I hid quickly behind some bushes .
tr	NN	He shoveled handful after handful into his mouth and finally dunked his entire head into the ice-cold torrent .
tr	NN	I was doing you a favor , darling . "
tr	NNS	I have certain abilities too . "
tr	NNS	' Not to put to fine a point on it , Sergeant , but when he was in your town he was probably already dealing drugs .
tr	NN	He saw the realization in her eyes , her knowledge of what he planned .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples .
tr	NNS	Subsequent articles recounted his numerous civic activities over many years as well as his numerous business activities .
tr	NNS	We played a few more cards .
tr	NN	" It would be like having an exhibit on geese .
tr	NNS	Endless hugs and kisses .
tr	NNS	" My own stores ? "
tr	NNS	" Even a guardian can 't work miracles . "
tr	NN	From the tangle of emotions clouding her mind , a single comment surfaced -- her glib announcement that the killer had come from town .
tr	NNS	As far as I 'm concerned , you gave up all rights to me when you walked away without looking back .
tr	NN	But tonight , they had a rider .
tr	NNS	But then she saw the marks and froze .
tr	NN	Daniel waved his pistol moving Jenson to the back of the Taurus .
tr	NNS	It 's got tool marks on it from the ejector mechanism .
tr	NN	However , we do not allow a steward to redirect us .
tr	NN	He had a receding hairline .
tr	NN	He cleaned the vomit and urine , dressed well , as if going to meet the day but paused before the balcony door .
tr	NN	Each day Helios drove a chariot across the sky .
tr	NN	St. Denis immediately found the hut where LaRouche was being held .
tr	NN	In his hands he carried what appeared to be a small odd shaped package wrapped in a blanket ; a package which writhed and moved .
tr	NNS	For all I knew , she had aspirations of becoming an actress and was hoping for an easy in .
tr	NN	He had no respect for women whatsoever and he had just showed me his true colors .
tr	NN	From it she takes a vial of orange liquid .
tr	NNS	" Well , if you 're a witch , of course , you practice magic rituals . "
tr	NNS	May I offer my apologies again ?
tr	NN	And Winnie might still have faith in her Witch Child , but Keller 's doubts had crystallized .
tr	NN	Kate took a spill , but it wasn 't a hard fall and Sebastian helped her up .
tr	NN	The country needs strong leadership .
tr	NN	I do not deserve anyone 's favor . "
tr	NN	He would gladly follow his advice .
tr	NNS	He 'd learnt these movements as a child , discovering that they brought about a sense of peace that he could not attain from anything else .
tr	NNS	They knew his abilities , and they were willing to defer to him even though both men had been raised in these mountains as well .
tr	NN	Julie shook a handful of pills out and popped them in her mouth .
tr	NNS	He squeezed her palms .
tr	NN	Seeing his cock in the flesh sent a bolt of desire rolling through me .
tr	NN	No , this drastic move had sealed my fate .
tr	NN	He gave a shrug of quiet confidence and then swung the pick with expert and massive force .
tr	NNS	The horsey smell overpowered her senses .
tr	NN	After that , Laila had stopped painting and had started spending every free minute inside a doctor 's office or in bed .
tr	NNS	No one knew his shortcomings and lived to tell them .
tr	NNS	The men all carried fiery torches and as we walked through a surprisingly long tunnel , they stopped and lit suspended torches along the wall .
tr	NN	He opened a nearby nightstand drawer and removed a packet .
tr	NN	But I can still feel a little lonely , hollow ache inside my chest .
tr	NN	He offers a sly smirk .
tr	NNS	She filled out the application forms for two library cards and placed them on the circulation desk , in case anyone from the library came by .
tr	NN	I always had the impression that back among the Keepers , Angeline had been a queen among her peers .
tr	NN	As the door slammed behind me I got the distinct impression that this door might be closed to me forever .
tr	NN	I shot a short video of the front porch to show the light was being turned on and off and that someone was clearly coming and going .
tr	NNS	Who was making assumptions when she saw me at a restaurant with another woman ? "
tr	NNS	" Grab our packs ! "
tr	NNS	The crew unloaded crates onto wagons , ignoring the cries of the townsfolk to be allowed to buy any food they carried .
tr	NN	" See Mama ? "
tr	NN	My fingers were flying up and down the keyboard before I could catch my breath .
tr	NN	Hoped and believed in him , yet with her own eyes she 'd seen her file , pictures of her as a child killing a puppy .
tr	NNS	Trevor soon revealed the amp 's capabilities .
tr	NNS	See her ribs going up and down ? "
tr	NNS	I didn 't control his actions and thoughts .
tr	NNS	I washed the dishes .
tr	NNS	I 'll take that hundred bucks now . "
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to snort and roll my eyes .
tr	NN	He lifted his rainbow-colored umbrella to work as a sunshade .
tr	NNS	I plunked two cans of Coke and the bag of chips on the island counter and filled two glasses with ice .
tr	NNS	Each segment would pit four pairs against one another ... or , maybe , against a clock .
tr	NN	The money had escaped his hunger for the moment .
tr	NN	Sara gripped her hands together , her nails digging into her skin .
tr	NN	Dad is ordering pizza for dinner again and I want pineapple on it .
tr	NN	The blast produced a light shockwave that forced him onto his back and into the pile of bodies behind him .
tr	NNS	When you work with white-hot metal , you should really have something sturdy between your skin and the work .
tr	NN	He said something incomprehensible and claimed it was Aramaic .
tr	NNS	They mostly used their spells to better life .
tr	NNS	The Shara family had maids and servants to do every kind of manual labor , but baking bread had been his mother 's hobby .
tr	NNS	Grab the sandwiches and we 'll eat them in the car . "
tr	NN	She brought this observation to Mike 's attention .
tr	NN	I 'd never had such a childish shouting match as this with anyone , except possibly my sister .
tr	NNS	Disappointed that he didn 't seem to want to finish what we 'd started earlier , I pulled the covers back on my bed and slipped inside .
tr	NNS	Detailed test data ... " He pointed through the door to a slender man talking on a cell phone by the soda machine .
tr	NNS	The door opened just a few inches , and then he paused .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't share St. John 's claims of kinship until she knew them to be true .
tr	NN	Lexi heard Jude 's sharp intake of breath .
tr	NNS	" Now we can make the arrangements for our next date .
tr	NNS	" Are you picking your own numbers , or are you going for the random pick ? "
tr	NN	A metal guardrail around the lake protected people from falling in but , the channels had no railing .
tr	NN	If none of your people can put a name to him , bring the tape here .
tr	NN	And just as love has two sides , so too does Death .
tr	NNS	You know , the really old ghosts .
tr	NN	She unwrapped the strange looking canister that had reminded Joan of a can of beans but looked like it was made out of granite .
tr	NNS	" How about I make some sandwiches ? "
tr	NNS	I was brought down long white hallways to the room where I had first been made .
tr	NNS	Before I go I slap my last few coins on the bar .
tr	NNS	She kicked away the covers , then got up and shuffled through the living room .
tr	NNS	He was still wearing his breeches and shirt , but he was barefoot and didn 't have on his blue tunic .
tr	NNS	I want daily reports on your progress .
tr	NNS	I 'll even make your excuses for you , but you need to get out of this bathroom before you create a scene .
tr	NNS	Wrapping his arms around Kelly 's waist , Ryan reversed their positions and smiled .
tr	NNS	" But I don 't have any ethics , so I 'll join you anyway . "
tr	NNS	You will ... and you 'll be screaming my name while you 're doing it , " he promised dangerously .
tr	NN	" You two owe me a favor .
tr	NN	He felt a new sweetness inside .
tr	NNS	" I was following his tracks on the trails back there behind the pasture , when they broke off and headed down here toward your barn . "
tr	NN	He got a hunch to DJ , and he built a turntable - left his mad red piano to rot in the dust .
tr	NNS	Sighing , he repeated the motions .
tr	NN	I shifted my backpack and stared up at him , conflicted by my contradictory desires in that moment .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples .
tr	NN	A fall would mean the same fate Mack and Shannon had suffered ... or something worse .
tr	NN	She pulled the raspy towel up around her hips .
tr	NNS	Gabe eyed the teetering soup cans to be sure they weren 't going to fall , then forced a smile .
tr	NNS	The same centaur adorned the white silk trappings of his horse , and gleamed atop his helm in yellow gold .
tr	NNS	Although Tull talked as he moved , he didn 't sound breathless .
tr	NN	I don 't give a fuck .
tr	NNS	What normal girl loved physics ?
tr	NN	They had already planted a seed within her , with roots so deep that only she could remove them .
tr	NNS	I had told the servants to ready my black chainmail , weapons , and warhorse just in case .
tr	NN	I could feel my cheeks heating and I was glad we were in the dark .
tr	NNS	" So , you 've been keeping close ties to Evangeline through that bastard traitor . "
tr	NN	Romulus pointed a fork full of baked cod at her .
tr	NNS	It gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	She got out a big iron skillet from under the cabinet and put it on the counter , heated up the burner , and found some oil .
tr	NN	Someone should do the world a favor and bomb all the headquarters of fast food chains .
tr	NN	It tucked the Flying Fish upside-down against its great orange belly .
tr	NNS	They shared the same interests and had the same ideals , and they always had a wonderful time together .
tr	NNS	He got two plates and divided the cold chicken , cheese and chutney .
tr	NNS	She only had fifty-five cents .
tr	NN	His son had a boyish affinity for frogs .
tr	NN	From a pocket , he slipped out a vial and a syringe .
tr	NNS	Still , she had those pages .
tr	NNS	I made excuses for him .
tr	NN	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ " Holy crap .
tr	NNS	" Now , get your skinny butts down there . "
tr	NN	But Cole and the others could cobble together a coven to stay protected if necessary .
tr	NNS	" Did Dr. Gallo grant these requests for H9 very often ? "
tr	NN	Nigel thanked the landlady with a thousand on the way out .
tr	NN	She pulled out her music player , placed the headphones in , and turned her music on .
tr	NNS	The dad ordered several combo meals and then took a seat to wait for his wife and kids .
tr	NNS	He didn 't want any surprises when he started his personal mission of breaking in and stealing .
tr	NN	" Who doesn 't like pizza ? "
tr	NNS	So , my reading indulged my own expectations for the afterlife , if it existed .
tr	NNS	He has been whispering all sorts of vulgar comments all over the club ever since Anthony was found . "
tr	NNS	Gio rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	In the al ey in Bald Head and moments earlier in the cabin , right after I 'd realized I had a Covenant dagger in my pocket .
tr	NN	He put a brown cylinder in his mouth and lit the end .
tr	NN	" We need a secret handshake . "
tr	NN	Sincerely , Joseph Hamilton a.k.a. Joey Mayhem Steve closed the email .
tr	NN	Actually , he didn 't even want her calling Genevieve back right then .
tr	NN	She turned the knob and slipped in .
tr	NN	The girl 's expression revealed a measure of vindication .
tr	NN	She bore a remarkable resemblance to Matthew , but a Matthew filled with fury and despair .
tr	NNS	His claws flex against the arm of the chair , leaving jagged scratches in the polymer .
tr	NNS	We shall withhold funds till our next visit .
tr	NN	I take a mouthful from the tin of baked beans and swallow it quickly -- absolutely starved .
tr	NNS	" I shall never understand politics .
tr	NNS	His mother was finishing the dinner dishes when he entered the kitchen .
tr	NN	And then he casually runs a strand of my hair in his fingers and lets it fall .
tr	NN	Obviously , it said , he was showing loyalty to his ancestors , which touched the hearts of many .
tr	NNS	He was weighing the pros and cons of what the death of my father would mean to him , to me , to vampire society .
tr	NN	At the mention of his father 's name , he exhaled a long groan .
tr	NNS	She passed the ruins of an old tobacco barn .
tr	NN	He rubbed his hard manhood against my inner thigh like a dog in heat , and I was his bitch ; I whimpered and pushed back .
tr	NN	Alma stopped the wagon in front of the church and looked around .
tr	NNS	Enough could cause unbearable torment , but usually a good bath would wash them off .
tr	NN	Insecurity apparently made her testy , but he looked like a page from a policeman 's calendar , and she looked like a chimney sweep .
tr	NN	" Ah ... Santiago has accomplished his task .
tr	NNS	I 'll make all the arrangements . "
tr	NNS	" He 's got enough contacts and money to do it .
tr	NNS	I ... " Oh My Heavens .
tr	NN	He readied his rifle and scope in the shooting stand .
tr	NN	He probably didn 't expect his opponent to be so cool .
tr	NN	At first I couldn 't understand her speech , filtered through that mess of a mouth .
tr	NNS	I guess vinaigrette burns .
tr	NNS	You just ignore my lovers and I ignore yours ? "
tr	NNS	" Oh gods . "
tr	NN	Roberts closed the drawer , and returned to her desk .
tr	NN	What picture of him could have possibly given her that impression ?
tr	NN	" What the fuck are you doing ? "
tr	NN	" You know the Law .
tr	NNS	" Of course I would not leave crates lying around .
tr	NN	" I 'll return the favor . "
tr	NN	Before they even arrived , she saw the gravestone .
tr	NN	With that , he gave her a yank .
tr	NN	" I have a full drawer of generic background information on everyone who works here .
tr	NNS	I made motions for her to close her eyes and she did what I asked .
tr	NN	He touched the brim of his cap .
tr	NN	Thy rod and staff ?
tr	NNS	The twelve members would hear requests to join the UAS .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not making excuses . "
tr	NNS	Luke barely touched his plates , occasionally looking over to see what I was doing , and perhaps wondering why I got so excited over food .
tr	NNS	You make arrangements to pick him up at the airport this afternoon . "
tr	NN	Reginald reported great success .
tr	NN	The assassins wanted no legacy to remain .
tr	NNS	With a tug of his fingers , he untied the ribbons of her mask and it fell away , leaving her exposed .
tr	NNS	She has heard many versions of this story , but mostly they involve children riding bicycles down tree-lined streets in the afternoon .
tr	NNS	I got top scores on every subject !
tr	NN	I like history , maybe psychology .
tr	NN	" Here , you make the kindling .
tr	NNS	They find out and everything changes .
tr	NN	Without waiting for his answer , she grabbed the condom from him .
tr	NNS	His ps , gs , and ys showed longer vertical strokes than usual .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't change her stripes .
tr	NN	The painkillers had a hallucinogen effect .
tr	NN	But seeing him playfully pat Karen on her behind when they thought they were alone had proven his betrayal .
tr	NNS	Sam yanked his boxers up .
tr	NN	Years of experience made the staff recede into the lower levels of the building when the Hunt was on the warpath .
tr	NNS	I only keep my uniforms here , anyway .
tr	NN	She set down her briefcase and her purse and saw her daughter give her a look rife with guilt .
tr	NNS	" I 've always loved bubbles .
tr	NNS	She felt breathless and terrified .
tr	NN	Alone in her room , she hung up the gown from Callie .
tr	NN	He put his fork down .
tr	NNS	We had the beaches in the summer and the mountains for skiing in the winter .
tr	NNS	I just need forty dollars .
tr	NNS	And even have those prayers answered , somehow .
tr	NN	Adelle felt his warm fingers twitch against her own , grasping them tighter .
tr	NN	A grey-haired man in a dark security guard uniform sprawled facedown on the landing in front of it .
tr	NN	I felt my mouth twist .
tr	NNS	" Twenty million dollars . "
tr	NNS	The anesthetic will dull its senses .
tr	NN	When she caught his wry expression she laughed , and pointed out , " They don 't stink and cover more than a towel . "
tr	NNS	Amanda checked her mirrors again .
tr	NNS	Clayton held up his palms .
tr	NNS	The thought of either Eirik or Cora dying chewed my insides , but warning them wouldn 't change a thing .
tr	NN	I could see the color drain from his face .
tr	NN	I wouldn 't think an assassin like you would indulge in such a relationship - any relationship , really .
tr	NN	Isaac took the dagger away and sheathed it , but his grip stayed on Aidan 's throat .
tr	NN	I sensed a deeper meaning in his words .
tr	NNS	" But as I slid past you from this devastated drinking den I caught some scents .
tr	NN	As the giant wave of energy had passed through , it had excited the software into activation .
tr	NNS	She attended evening classes as a freshman at a private college nearby .
tr	NN	The prince watched the man 's scarlet cloak spilling out behind him .
tr	NN	It had a witch and a black cat painted on the lid , and Seth would no doubt find a use for it after Halloween .
tr	NNS	-- said Lucius and looked at Xenia .
tr	NNS	" They have talents in the fighting arts .
tr	NNS	I asked the twins .
tr	NNS	Mom steams some vegetables and grills chicken for dinner .
tr	NNS	Some prepared medical supplies and excavation equipment to be taken down into the Undercity .
tr	NN	Raina immediately discounted the woman physician as a mate for Roman or Rick .
tr	NN	The hippo 's head jerked upward , the snout slamming Fitzgerald 's hand and batting the pistol away into the water .
tr	NNS	He accepted a few disciples from Europe and the Middle East , and taught them everything he knew .
tr	NNS	The waitress had long since taken away our empty dishes and returned again and again to refill iced tea and water glasses .
tr	NNS	They didn 't even get credit card offers and junk mail like normal people did .
tr	NNS	No man had ever withstood the powers of her mental control .
tr	NN	Commissioner Winston had their equipment destroyed right there at the scene , then had them arrested and jailed .
tr	NNS	They built the pyramids , a device that served many of the same purposes as the Scrolls .
tr	NN	He lashed out again , the rifle butt coming down hard on my side .
tr	NNS	Media people wanted interviews .
tr	NNS	Either way , they had been moving supplies into the barns , no doubt piling carts high with them .
tr	NN	The towering buildings , smashed unbelievably close together , heavily hinder the sunlight 's potential .
tr	NN	He watched Stephane climb into Michelle 's lap .
tr	NNS	We have far less invasive methods now . "
tr	NNS	Don 't take chances .
tr	NNS	Or you could run more cattle and put the wheat ground into pasture or plant seed to cut for hay .
tr	NN	" But I reread his file yesterday . "
tr	NN	Should they quickly put together an aggressive denial to the lawsuit and file it that day ?
tr	NN	He was wearing only a towel , slung low around his hips .
tr	NN	He didn 't have the shark inside that was needed .
tr	NNS	Ashe pointed out the numbers .
tr	NN	Not one looked or scented the thick offering pushing through the snow .
tr	NN	Laser fire hit a lump of slag near Stone 's head and he dived for cover .
tr	NNS	He shuffled a few paces over and hoisted himself up onto a tall black stool .
tr	NN	Adam hugged her warmly , tears spilling from his eyes .
tr	NN	' It needed a white feather . '
tr	NNS	Send messengers to your primary tactical units , your archers , heavy cavalry and your ground troops .
tr	NNS	I didn 't throw my accomplishments in other folks ' faces , or take pleasure when others struggled .
tr	NN	I 'd recognize that scrawl of his from a mile away . "
tr	NN	Nicodemus has the Shroud and he 's probably out looking for a full school bus or something .
tr	NNS	I wracked my brains for some kind of plan , but nothing came .
tr	NNS	Misty had the dishes sorted out , scrubbing them in one side of the sink , rinsing them in the other .
tr	NN	The Prince resisted the urge to comment and looked off into space , keeping his musings private .
tr	NN	His hands squeezed both my hip and my breast , and then he started moving his h * ps more .
tr	NN	Just give me the password . "
tr	NNS	She 'd never let my naïve actions come between us .
tr	NN	We should see a verdict fairly soon .
tr	NNS	" She used the runes to heal you ? "
tr	NNS	The way she saw it , he owed her five million bucks .
tr	NNS	My father had created the members of The Courant to figure out , but there was no documentation on their findings .
tr	NN	" Could I have a menu ? '
tr	NN	Karin slammed the lid down and took a deep breath .
tr	NNS	Behind us , Vel continues his attempts to get into the terminal until one of the goons steps up behind him and shakes his head .
tr	NNS	" He liked the changes .
tr	NN	A shiver rolled down my spine .
tr	NN	" Could I trade another favor for you to watch my mate for me while my brothers and I take care of something ? "
tr	NNS	The two nuns immediately opened their mouths and stared at each other .
tr	NN	I have faith in everything I do .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down her spine .
tr	NN	Then he led the unicorn out into a small pasture , even though he knew it was actually a garden because pastures were for horses .
tr	NN	He held up the bat .
tr	NN	Grandma Annie was wearing an apron and her whole self was dusted with powdered fibers as usual .
tr	NNS	Like its deciding how it 'll fit its jaws around my head to swallow me whole .
tr	NN	She felt some measure of power in denying her husband 's orders , especially when she read in their faces that they would never dare the same .
tr	NN	" A detective film noir crossword puzzle . "
tr	NNS	They weren 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	He switched off the monitor and straightened as much as his injuries would allow .
tr	NNS	The traffic lights even have small cameras mounted to them .
tr	NN	Turning off the oven , she took out the muffin tin and placed it on a cooling rack .
tr	NNS	Otherwise , less rigorous press released material ; totally non-human based may wrongly influence the charitable actions of generous citizens .
tr	NNS	I 'm not counting peanuts , that 's a fruit .
tr	NN	Wall Street would watch the trial very closely .
tr	NNS	Then , we had our arguments ; now he kisses me so hard that it hurts .
tr	NN	You can drink my father 's ale ? "
tr	NN	However , I watched a huge chunk of concrete that must have weighed at least a ton fall 3 stories down directly onto Jeremy .
tr	NN	Ryan planned each initial launch design with two motors .
tr	NN	" We got an e-mail from Mommy .
tr	NNS	Like many of the cottages along this stretch of the beach , the house had two floors .
tr	NN	His dad , mom , and sister each ate a cube .
tr	NN	Edna raced down the hill to share the news with Jeremy .
tr	NN	I filled the vase to the brim , water sloshing over the sides as I dropped in the unnamed flora .
tr	NNS	Another hail of gunfire erupted , a rain of bullets this time as both vampires unloaded their magazines on each other .
tr	NN	He grabbed the cloth and tucked it inside his bag , " Scarborough , " he called softly , not wanting to alert any guards .
tr	NN	He handed the briefcase to Eamonn .
tr	NNS	I do have some crates to deliver to Merchants .
tr	NN	They crossed the Pyrenees mountain range into France , where they came up against Charles Martel and his great army .
tr	NNS	We 've lost three sectors to them already .
tr	NN	Charley said a quick prayer for our safety and we began to eat .
tr	NN	Every brush of their bodies against each other nudged his solid arousal against her stomach , a reminder , a promise .
tr	NNS	Harry felt the hairs on his neck stand on end .
tr	NNS	Can you make the arrangements ? "
tr	NN	" I found a cap . "
tr	NN	Eventually Dirk banked south , which meant they were headed into Mexico .
tr	NNS	I 'm making scones .
tr	NNS	That effectively gives me ten shots .
tr	NNS	Waving as she turned away , she picked along the shore those last few yards toward the house .
tr	NN	From what he 'd said , he had nobody left .
tr	NN	As she drifted through the abyss , she had an epiphany .
tr	NN	Afterwards he 'd be given the sofa to sleep on .
tr	NNS	" Come on , we 're going to be late , " Avalon ignored my objections .
tr	NNS	I explore the halls , find nothing , and grow desperate .
tr	NN	' Thank goodness you 're all right ! '
tr	NNS	We 've exchanged those trinkets to always be with each other , bringing luck .
tr	NNS	He felt breathless again .
tr	NN	I could have completed my tower , only for it then to be placed in the exclusion zone .
tr	NNS	" They sent all the really sick patients to Donovan , who basically put them back on the drug without their knowledge or permission .
tr	NN	Feeling a little nervous , I smoothed my gown over my hips , took a deep breath , and opened the door .
tr	NNS	More dignified patrons would scold the stragglers from a distance .
tr	NNS	She pulled out the blueprints Charles Cohn had given her .
tr	NNS	Her body killed her babies ; as though she was poisonous , toxic .
tr	NNS	And then he saw gorillas in the trees overhanging the campsite .
tr	NN	The man gave a low growl before turning and stalking toward the troll .
tr	NNS	The leopards made lunges at each other , dodging the opponent only to dance back into battle .
tr	NNS	He should have followed his instincts , and left for Mexico last night when he still had the chance !
tr	NN	A few years ago when I had the duck pond remodeled , Beau had found the statue in the shed behind his cabin .
tr	NN	I called our lawyer . "
tr	NN	She had shut the lid from the inside .
tr	NNS	Another scrub of her hands still didn 't remove the stains that rode under her fingernails and deep in her cuticles .
tr	NN	The look he gave her as she chalked her cue stick sent a ripple of heat through her .
tr	NN	He gave one quick flick of his tongue between my legs .
tr	NNS	And they could hear the birds chirping in the trees .
tr	NN	She knew the torment of having him so near and yet too frightened to admit her growing desperation for him .
tr	NN	He picks up a boot and puts it on .
tr	NN	Once the tents were up , a variety of colors checkered the landscape .
tr	NNS	But , if I had those city walls ... well , I could hold off both other armies for him .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't hold down more than a few bites at a time , but I could knit .
tr	NN	If he only knew the times men had tried to flirt with her while she was working , he 'd have a stroke .
tr	NN	Straker has a big announcement this afternoon . "
tr	NNS	Chicky turned the pages of Ireland 's Birds .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you have millions and millions of dollars ? "
tr	NN	She dropped the mascara , reached down to feel her stomach , and groaned heavily .
tr	NNS	That brings out the predatory instincts in people .
tr	NN	I felt another trickle of peace come into me .
tr	NN	" McKenzie took pity on me since we were working late tonight and I haven 't had a thing to eat all day . "
tr	NNS	Doc rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	As soon as he opened the door , Julie saw a steep staircase .
tr	NNS	She opened the door a few inches and peered through the crack .
tr	NN	" Gentlemen , " he announced to the room in general , " we have achieved orbital superiority . "
tr	NN	She blew out her candle , and my heart about stopped .
tr	NNS	We have greater numbers . "
tr	NN	He scooped up a handful of miniature mints in a nearby bowl and tossed them at Andre , tearing him away from Tasha .
tr	NN	The C-17 roared to life , rolled down the tarmac toward the runway .
tr	NN	Only agents recruited by the agency are given a code .
tr	NNS	Her hands were so clammy , she could barely hold the vegetables .
tr	NN	" Please state category . "
tr	NNS	Forget the twitter birds and let me be the one to keep you warm at night . "
tr	NNS	Noting his smirk , she used adhesive butterflies to pull the cut closed before covering it with another piece of gauze and taping it in place .
tr	NN	" I 'll waive the fee . "
tr	NNS	They 're probably just testing our defenses . ' '
tr	NNS	She gripped his contracting buttocks , amazed at their feel , hard as stone .
tr	NN	I 'd prepared a speech and now had forgotten my lines .
tr	NN	Chloe studied the e-mail that had just arrived in her in-box .
tr	NN	Wilt thou accept thy task ? "
tr	NN	His judgment shall decide my fate in the coming war . "
tr	NN	I thanked the bartender and gave him my token , then headed out to find the theater .
tr	NNS	Usually it took at least a dozen visions superimposed on one another to blind Rory , but usually they weren 't so clear and solid , either .
tr	NNS	I took deep shuddering breaths , feeling a numb tingling in my fingers .
tr	NN	And abandon the privacy of Sydney 's room and a rare night together ?
tr	NN	Wouldn 't you want justice ? "
tr	NN	The truth was , he didn 't trust the trio to stay out of trouble .
tr	NNS	Duncan and Tara hid their grins .
tr	NN	" Well then , I accept defeat . "
tr	NNS	Once you identified it you could figure out the strengths and weaknesses .
tr	NNS	I said twenty-five dollars . '
tr	NN	Ellen received an enormous promotion along with the matching salary to go along with her new duties .
tr	NN	She answered his plea with a kiss .
tr	NN	She studied the menu .
tr	NN	The stage lights lit up the stadium so brightly none of the band members could see the audience , but they could hear them screaming .
tr	NNS	I dug my palms into my eyes , trying to crush the unbearable pain and crazy dizziness .
tr	NNS	" It can send whole armies after us . "
tr	NNS	We celebrated our gods back then , toasting them with wine and food .
tr	NN	He noticed my observation and then turned to give me a look that said , " And that 's how it 's done . "
tr	NN	I can 't turn back the clock , but as Raina pointed out to me , I can move forward .
tr	NNS	Venkat and I didn 't have two cents between us .
tr	NNS	I scrubbed my palms over my face .
tr	NN	He did not resume pacing .
tr	NN	My uncle hung the swing when we were about eleven , but Colt replaced it for Noah a couple years back .
tr	NN	He smelled burning rubber , and a cackle , like a hyena , wafted from the retreating car .
tr	NN	The light trap had only a curtain .
tr	NN	She heard his soft exhalation and murmur of " so beautiful , " and she reached up and took off his disguise .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of a bare arm as her hand came out to wipe the water away .
tr	NNS	Zoey ignored the woman 's stares and looked around for Tristan .
tr	NN	" Find the narrow ribbon that connects us . "
tr	NN	He gave her credit for trying .
tr	NNS	Why do they have boards across one side of my room when all of the other walls are made out of rock ? "
tr	NN	A chill went up my spine as I wondered what other wildlife was waiting for us deep in the woods .
tr	NNS	We , for shore , need more workers and more owners to farm all the lands . "
tr	NNS	" How many pockets do you have in that thing ? "
tr	NN	They would receive a new addition to replace the reject .
tr	NN	" I found the location of the payphone she called me from by putting the number in a search engine . "
tr	NNS	" You have control issues . "
tr	NN	" I already have a good professional reputation , Captain .
tr	NN	I waved the scroll in her face .
tr	NN	Family 's got a talent for that kind of thing .
tr	NN	I let my feet slam back down .
tr	NNS	He had no photographs of her and when he 'd tried to dip into her records , someone from the ASD had shown up at his office .
tr	NN	Wouldn 't at least a few of them want more proof ? ' '
tr	NNS	Crossing the room , I kicked off my sandals and ripped off my shirt before reclining on the couch .
tr	NNS	Steve read the directions on the back of the frozen dinner entree and turned the dial on the oven to the appropriate setting .
tr	NN	Her last words had the desired effect .
tr	NN	Miss Jennings made a mocking gesture of pointing at the floor as she held her head down .
tr	NNS	When I come home I 'll bring you some fresh strawberries from the market .
tr	NNS	He knew his strengths , and a bit of flashy intimidation was one of them .
tr	NNS	Crystal Road had few houses ; she had one neighbor directly across the road that she had yet to meet .
tr	NN	Lightning lit the stairwell ... but ... there was no one there .
tr	NN	The breeze brought the aroma of cooked meat , tart and bitter spices , and the multilayered , complex scents of the crowd .
tr	NN	Oh god , what else ?
tr	NNS	But once again , I couldn 't escape the statues .
tr	NN	" Zoey and I will have a t te - - t te . "
tr	NN	Bill kept a sailboat in the Berkley Marina .
tr	NNS	Today , playing for the Panthers of Parma in Italy 's version of the NFL , Dockery exceeded those numbers .
tr	NN	He was reading twilight .
tr	NN	Zarah ignored his command to tell her where she was .
tr	NN	And bring some cake with you . "
tr	NNS	I press my thighs together and look him in the eye .
tr	NN	They formed a small committee of three to check into the request from the shippers to cut their wages .
tr	NNS	" Have your ribs healed ? "
tr	NN	" All kids love candy .
tr	NN	The sky hadn 't stopped spitting since it opened up yesterday morning and the constant drizzle made even my hair frizzy and wild .
tr	NN	" We go in , " he informed his squad , " right after the 3rd Platoon .
tr	NNS	Oddly , standing in the room , Della felt bits and pieces of Natasha 's personality seep into her pores .
tr	NN	Mariam unravels a cord strung around a nail , then pulls .
tr	NNS	I want things to be different , " her future self said passionately .
tr	NNS	I always have several students who make me anxious for one reason or another , and you were one of them .
tr	NN	At least she had the Mustang .
tr	NNS	They both opened their mouths , and then closed them again .
tr	NNS	Daniel didn 't remember any driveway stains when he took on Jenson , but he wasn 't looking then .
tr	NNS	Five days later his secretary entered the same eighteen access numbers on her copier on the second floor .
tr	NN	It makes my head spin !
tr	NN	" Why would I need a dishwasher when I have you ? "
tr	NN	" Me a diplomat ?
tr	NNS	I 'd like roses delivered to Elizabeth every week . "
tr	NN	If that was the wrong decision , then I 'll take full responsibility . "
tr	NNS	She then casually discussed the conditions of employment , one of them being that the governess would be expected to live at Riverview .
tr	NN	He pushed the notepad across the table .
tr	NN	With a quiet , forceful clunk , he set the vase on a table near the window .
tr	NNS	The soul painters would have visions and paint portraits of him .
tr	NNS	Redgrave doesn 't give many second chances .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't break their parental hearts at this point .
tr	NN	She hadn 't left it an option to decline , but I didn 't plan on it anyways .
tr	NN	We 've done a full sweep of this place .
tr	NN	She was taking his full measure and he felt it keenly , and the tears almost sprang to his eyes , too .
tr	NNS	The sound of snapping twigs and crunching footsteps echoed nearer .
tr	NN	Seems to me you 're copying someone else 's style . "
tr	NN	Rosa unfastened the rope and clambered to the ground .
tr	NNS	" If the handwriting gave them pause , the seal will dispel any doubts . "
tr	NNS	Besides , Sam almost always wore T-shirts . )
tr	NN	He saw the curving metal rod .
tr	NN	While an indentured servant was not , and suffered neglect .
tr	NN	Arno made a little shrug , but said nothing .
tr	NNS	I pluck bits and pieces of leaves out of my hair and then comb the dirt out with my fingers .
tr	NN	She coughed out a huge mouthful of water and kept coughing until her throat stung and her stomach cramped up .
tr	NNS	The time had done wonders on my anger , but had only heightened the awkwardness between us .
tr	NN	She had just missed the runway , landing where thick Oklahoma scrub grass led up to its edge .
tr	NN	It 'll cause some mild discomfort , but the charge will invade the skin and deepen the appearance of the wound . "
tr	NN	The whole time you spoke , you twisted the rope into knots , tying and untying , tightening and loosening .
tr	NN	Does it have some special meaning ? "
tr	NNS	They used their skills to make the most powerful and fierce soldiers that ever lived .
tr	NNS	A stack of potatoes occupied the shelves .
tr	NNS	Too many people treated their servants with contempt when compassion would have got them a better employee .
tr	NNS	By the time they officially split , I knew all the lyrics to everything from Madame Butterfly to Carmen . "
tr	NN	He put the towel on the floor in front of her , then sat down on the table and began untying her shoes .
tr	NN	Emma tugged self-consciously at her skirt .
tr	NN	My nurse pauses , needle poised inches above my skin .
tr	NNS	I could 've scattered Mitch Farrow 's molecules throughout the galaxy for that impudence .
tr	NN	Using the doorknob he forced himself shakily to his feet and then wrenched the door open .
tr	NN	She gripped the hem of his jacket .
tr	NN	If you succeed in that , you 'll build a quiet reputation that will speak volumes .
tr	NN	Each night Ainsley wore a new gown , and Cameron draped her with more and more costly jewels .
tr	NN	Joey sent a command to the wireless printer on a side table and a sheet of paper quietly appeared .
tr	NN	But he needed an ally .
tr	NNS	We do not have secret rites reserved for the initiated only . "
tr	NN	Before she could speak again , he rewarded her admission with a kiss .
tr	NNS	Well boys , as soon as I came back I could feel the vibes !
tr	NN	The match she used undoubtedly reminded the writer of the one he 'd used to torch his life .
tr	NN	She lay unmoving , with no equipment hooked up , no monitors , no IVs .
tr	NNS	" Without you I dislike our chances , but we 'll still try .
tr	NN	After a flash of guilt she carefully used the other postcard to tell her parents that she was completely still alive .
tr	NNS	I dig my fingernails into his muscled shoulders and give in to my instinct to beg .
tr	NNS	The women howl like dogs . "
tr	NN	Mostly they got lint , but Nick had a couple of things he had forgotten were in there .
tr	NN	Yet another talented scientist , gone .
tr	NNS	" You have a few gaps in your memory , that 's all .
tr	NN	He picked his whisky up and took a sip , his eyes appraising her quickly over the edge of the glass .
tr	NNS	They have more opportunities to have broken hearts and to heal .
tr	NNS	When we got to town , I gave Jesse directions , and we pulled up outside Miss Minnie 's house at ten to six .
tr	NN	" I asked our new assistant , Kyle , to help too , but he didn 't show up today .
tr	NN	I accepted the bandana in confusion .
tr	NNS	Drawing his hands to my chest , he found my breasts and felt for tight nipples under the lace of my bra .
tr	NNS	And no one got license plate numbers anyway .
tr	NN	Mary knew the lumps .
tr	NN	He has no true claim to the position . '
tr	NNS	We ate our meals together , we watched movies together , we swapped books when the other was finished .
tr	NN	I have never seen such an exhibition of childish behaviour in all my life ! "
tr	NN	To her credit , Naya didn 't abuse his infatuation .
tr	NNS	She set down her utensils with a clink .
tr	NNS	Matt and Griffin got goofy grins on their faces and ducked out the front door - a half dozen girls following them .
tr	NNS	I had millions and it could all be Jethro 's if that 's what he wanted .
tr	NNS	He fastened Thunder 's reins to his saddle horn and began riding quickly back to the main ranch house .
tr	NNS	" I heard the bugs and the rats .
tr	NNS	We take big gulps of time .
tr	NN	" If memory serves , you caused that disaster when you created an inhospitable desert . "
tr	NN	I would have taken a swing .
tr	NN	That would make a good impression on a prospective client .
tr	NNS	The energy building heightened her senses , drove the heat through her until she felt liquid and needy .
tr	NNS	" I don 't al ow witches on my team . "
tr	NNS	He 's been calling all time travelers , ' titties ' ever since .
tr	NNS	Shooting atoms into the air and all that . "
tr	NN	Recalling experiences with his own mother , he pulled out an old standby : " Because she said so . "
tr	NN	But just at that time I inherited the fortune of my cousin , and my thoughts were turned into the channel of their earlier bent .
tr	NN	The vampires all had steak , cooked so rare that blood still oozed from the tender meat .
tr	NN	As Rick beheld them all , he saw such a strong resemblance that he wondered if they might all be siblings .
tr	NN	Instead of her usual lacy blouses and dark skirts , she wore a deep purple ball gown and black satin gloves that came up to her elbows .
tr	NN	He handed me a pen and explained every page as we went through it , always asking if I had questions .
tr	NN	Just then , a nurse swept aside the curtain .
tr	NNS	She 'd done all her assignments , studied hard and become proficient with both a camera and a calculator .
tr	NNS	The airspeed indicator on her simple control panel read fifty knots .
tr	NN	I suddenly gasped and did a mental version of jumping up and down in excitement .
tr	NN	Mana produced a tin .
tr	NN	Simon was begging a favor .
tr	NN	" Yeah , they had live video on Channel 28 .
tr	NN	" I can see the sorrow in her eyes , and it breaks my heart .
tr	NNS	Rick punched the numbers while Sam worked his car through the late-afternoon traffic .
tr	NNS	Finally you 've got the hots for a girl other than Amy . "
tr	NNS	Clearly , he had some anger management issues and he seemed to be taking them out on me .
tr	NNS	His hands cupped her breasts , his thumbs sending a shiver of excitement down her spine .
tr	NNS	And I have good instincts about people .
tr	NN	shot back the Teacher .
tr	NNS	She knew Adonis well .
tr	NNS	The green grasses , tall trees , trickling waters , and fresh air were a distant departure from computers and bulkheads .
tr	NNS	" Going back fifteen generations to the first of my tribe to arrive here .
tr	NNS	Ethan would already be out doing his chores , and Autumn would be prepping breakfast for her guests .
tr	NNS	Women looove uniforms , but underneath he 's really dull and boring . "
tr	NN	But would it do more harm than good ?
tr	NNS	In search of information about the unknown , this trip represents the seeds of history we 've sown .
tr	NNS	He wandered up and down the aisles between the towering steel shelves lining one side of the building .
tr	NN	" And I loathe poetry .
tr	NNS	" Former policemen may receive unwanted pokes in the ribs when moving about .
tr	NN	Slipping between them , he reached her bedside and took her hand .
tr	NNS	She followed his directions and saw her shoes sitting there , coated in wet grass and mud .
tr	NNS	Taking a deep breath she read the directions .
tr	NN	She 'd dismissed the porridge without even looking at it and absently munched on dry toast while fresh water was her morning drink .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness . "
tr	NNS	They hold cards in their hands and have stacks of poker chips in front of them .
tr	NN	At the school back in the ruins , I remembered Stalker yelling how she had no useful skills .
tr	NN	She 'd done her duty .
tr	NNS	If Liam was still thinking of any other tour than his bedroom she had better ramp up her seduction attempts .
tr	NN	Alex followed the command and sat in the grass .
tr	NN	As soon as I 'm on the Council , I 'll call off the engagement .
tr	NNS	" For your audition tapes ? "
tr	NNS	But he also looked worried and tired and hungry and delicious al at the same time .
tr	NN	You will have the option of my controlling you for those few moments so you do not fear . "
tr	NN	" They have no respect for you or for our people .
tr	NN	He picked up the basket , a relief to Leslie , but he barely huffed under the exertion .
tr	NN	Forced back and unable to move , the smouldering smell of burning sent her dizzy .
tr	NN	He tapped the file in front of him .
tr	NN	Donny , Jake , and Chris were left alone in the middle of a ring of giant redwoods , a psycho with a gun somewhere close by .
tr	NNS	The tenth had two engine fires that brought the beast down in an ugly wreck , its cargo undoubtedly damaged and the crew more than likely dead .
tr	NNS	I heard noises from the other rooms .
tr	NN	I have an obligation , a responsibility , to protect the Resistance .
tr	NNS	I had two freakin ' flats today and I 'm short a tire .
tr	NNS	" Most Night People consider shapeshifters second-class citizens .
tr	NNS	If things continue as they are , we might not have many more opportunities like this for a while . "
tr	NNS	So either she had switched doctors , prescriptions ... or the more likely option : she was done .
tr	NN	I 'll have vengeance . "
tr	NNS	And then I said " e " again , only echoing it this time , to make them chuckle .
tr	NN	I tipped the brim of my hat to show him my face .
tr	NN	I said nothing , just tensed and ground my teeth while he seared her to me .
tr	NN	" Because you have an odd expression on your face , and it 's giving me the impression that you 've broken our little agreement .
tr	NN	A hint of emotion split the calm demeanor .
tr	NN	For his own protection . "
tr	NN	I stiffened and obeyed his command , especially when I saw how many cars and people stood in front of the warehouses .
tr	NNS	Marcos could see the passing buildings through the windscreen between their heads .
tr	NNS	He 'd just ordered his own business cards online .
tr	NNS	Thumbs has had a few more trips outside London than I have had , but he is still as much as a pariah as I am .
tr	NN	In any case , we have the transport marker , so we could get the doctor here if we need him . "
tr	NNS	The wind made the shrubs shimmy in the corner of the front yard .
tr	NN	That wasthe responsibility that had settled on her , and she had no idea why it was hers except that she 'd been inside his mind .
tr	NNS	You like his punishments .
tr	NN	Cain let out a rumbling growl .
tr	NNS	Sunday cracked the seeds in between her palms by producing a hard clap .
tr	NNS	" I 'd already seen my cards . "
tr	NNS	He wore khaki slacks and a T-shirt with an image John didn 't recognize .
tr	NNS	I haven 't sold drugs in four years . "
tr	NNS	Could I read three more pages of my book ?
tr	NNS	I wiped my palms on my jeans .
tr	NNS	Pang offered him twenty-five thousand dollars for six months ' work , nine thousand more than he was presently earning for an entire year .
tr	NN	Someone was , no kidding , parachuting down through the blizzard .
tr	NN	She was losing her patience but unfortunately so was he and his lost patience was a tad bit more scary than hers .
tr	NN	You can take that desertion crap and shove it up your asses .
tr	NNS	Jack loops his thumbs through his belt loops , giving me a wicked smile .
tr	NN	She accessed her e-mail and read her sister Sophia 's note first .
tr	NN	Without addressing her grievance , he pulled a condom out of one of the many pockets lining his pants .
tr	NN	She 'd felt her own version of it .
tr	NN	Without any warning , Tara flashed a bolt of venom at Cole 's mother .
tr	NN	She was wearing her finest gown .
tr	NN	He couldn 't suppress the urge to look around even though he knew there was no one there to see .
tr	NN	" She 's using Morse code . "
tr	NNS	Henry led the clients through the gate .
tr	NN	Jonas did some digging and suspected that Kyle had been connected to me and Mrs. White .
tr	NN	With a flourish , Jenna flings back the curtain .
tr	NNS	I have serious doubts but don 't have the heart to tell her .
tr	NN	As Mary Ann got closer , she heard the cheering .
tr	NN	Jeff picked up the net that lay beside the ropes .
tr	NN	She handed the receiver over , and I clutched it , stared down at the rubbery blue buttons .
tr	NNS	" If I wanted to steer you wrong , I 'd have given you descriptions of two fantasy guys this morning .
tr	NN	He came through the side door at the same moment his rival stepped through the main entrance .
tr	NN	Movie makers often chose the desert for filming extra-terrestrial sequences because it could so easily be made to look other worldly .
tr	NN	" One does not bring a loaded pistol to a ball and then proceed to fire it by accident . "
tr	NNS	With a heavy pair of shears , Yves cut open the ribs at the breastbone .
tr	NNS	On the other hand , Theresa had strong ties to Boston .
tr	NNS	Even Cain fed her visions once in a while .
tr	NNS	So when in Tulsa , then St. Louis and afterwards Lexington , were you still having hallucinations ? "
tr	NN	Eva , Owen , and Salina had all given me enough rope .
tr	NN	" She has venom in her yet .
tr	NN	Quickly he popped the trunk .
tr	NN	Can 't deny yourself the immediate gratification of your passions with this woman when you 've been with her less than twenty-four hours ?
tr	NNS	Sometimes you could hear the patients in there .
tr	NN	A cold chill ran up and down her spine as they neared Philadelphia .
tr	NN	He snapped his laptop lid down , and turned his attention to the two police officers now occupying his office .
tr	NNS	Her friend tore the sundress she wore over her head , laughing as she jumped in the pool .
tr	NN	Shayne put down the bat , shook his head and walked inside .
tr	NNS	' Why , lad , then we 'll go home heroes . '
tr	NN	He grabbed the file from Zoey before she had the chance to hide it .
tr	NN	" You tied the knot ?
tr	NN	I heard the pleading in my voice and hated myself .
tr	NN	" They worship the Darkness incarnate .
tr	NN	Not everyone enjoys white cake . "
tr	NN	He would have found poetry to be pretentious and confusing .
tr	NNS	" I want the honors . "
tr	NNS	She could see sport shops on one side , and restaurants on the other .
tr	NN	The brown and white mutt sniffed the visitor and stopped barking when Braddock gave her a quick scratch behind the ear .
tr	NNS	Open your hearts and your ears .
tr	NNS	He would take no chances .
tr	NN	I didn 't miss the underlying meaning .
tr	NN	She grabbed a pillow from a nearby chair and tossed it at Elizabeth , who laughed and ducked .
tr	NN	The next day Franz spotted a small announcement in the evening paper stating the Meyers had a stillborn son .
tr	NN	Gary fumbled the keyboard and started flipping through the available views of IT .
tr	NNS	The second time I drove past I examined the surrounding houses .
tr	NNS	There he saw shadowy figures and adjusted the grip on his sword .
tr	NNS	" Please accept my sincere apologies .
tr	NNS	If we allow the wall to endure a pounding of fiery meteorites then it will collapse and expose the moon domes .
tr	NNS	You have powers too ? "
tr	NNS	Everyone took their positions as Ed put the car in gear and pulled away .
tr	NN	Let the ache and the missing come in and spirit him away into a deep depression ?
tr	NN	She felt a pang of longing as she watched them play with the other children , especially with pretty Tara .
tr	NNS	Everybody had big items out on the curb , and nobody thinks anything of people taking them .
tr	NN	With their minds so deeply merged , he could feel her hunger for him .
tr	NN	She lifted the spout to my shoulder and tipped it .
tr	NNS	I don 't even like pies .
tr	NNS	An assortment of adobe dwellings houses the workers .
tr	NNS	They have bears with them this year -- dancing ones .
tr	NNS	When he smiled , his dimples heated my insides .
tr	NNS	No one fired any shots ; they were all in each other 's line of fire .
tr	NN	" I won 't ever do anything you don 't want me to , " he whispered , a slight tremble in his voice .
tr	NNS	A burning sensation filled his extremities as his ruptured organs leaked vital fluids , and a sticky warmth spread in his midsection .
tr	NNS	Not even she could have faked her body 's responses .
tr	NNS	I wipe the draining wet drops from Prewitt 's face then kiss his cheekbone , since I can 't kiss his lips .
tr	NNS	Moving away was the first step , slowly cutting ties .
tr	NNS	" To get a clearer picture , I collated the protein data from the team 's molecular biologist .
tr	NNS	I could hear a few more thumps in the kitchen .
tr	NN	" Humans have quite the imagination . "
tr	NNS	Another attack caught Justus by surprise and he was forced to his left .
tr	NN	They finished their porridge and their tea .
tr	NN	Sebastian and Marianna had a sitter who traveled with them .
tr	NN	He put down his fork and pushed away the plate .
tr	NNS	In recent weeks they escaped Tartarus , ambushed the Greeks , enslaved them and seized the throne .
tr	NN	All of us , plus one friend each , preferably a spouse if you have one .
tr	NNS	He took Justus by the collar and almost dragged him into the small , cluttered room .
tr	NNS	" Could you bring me two dishes ?
tr	NN	Stacey pointed her square slice of pizza at me .
tr	NNS	The two other soldiers took positions on either side of their fallen comrade , the nearest one with his leg inches from Sam 's arm .
tr	NN	Do you accept the responsibility this task entails , and do you now swear to uphold our laws ?
tr	NN	" We don 't need a shrink .
tr	NN	Langston threw the comforter over his head again .
tr	NN	Men loved that garbage , and from the look in his eyes , he was no different .
tr	NN	" What flag is that yer flying ?
tr	NNS	' You might fool the doctors , Heinrich , but I knew you were faking . '
tr	NNS	He wanted all these criminals in his hand , so he could clench his fist and squeeze the life from their bodies .
tr	NNS	Jolene had an ... um ... flashback and threw herself to the floor .
tr	NN	In wild desperation I swung my rifle up and forward and fired again right before the silver blade came down again to slice my head off .
tr	NNS	She walked past houses of her friends and extended family , and Donovan 's friends and family .
tr	NN	She picked up the painting and was about to put it back on the wall when something else caught her eye .
tr	NNS	He instructs the students to go over their homework before leading me out into the hall and securing the door behind him .
tr	NNS	Jagged bolts of lightning speared the clouds ; thunder rolled across the lowering skies .
tr	NNS	Celeste copied their actions , made the table clean and stored the rest of the food in the oven for Maddy , as Mrs. Kramer had instructed .
tr	NN	I gave a little shrug .
tr	NN	" You don 't look any different , Dickie . "
tr	NN	Oh , I have cancer and not long to live , and please can I come home so you can take care of me ? "
tr	NN	Now , as you can see , I have some butt to kick - " " Wait .
tr	NNS	She kicked off her flats and rubbed her feet together under the table .
tr	NNS	He hates apologies . "
tr	NN	Faye and Sam left the lunchroom and headed off campus , while Parker and Savannah watched her leave .
tr	NNS	From the corner of my eye , I see bread crumbs on my chest , so I brush them off .
tr	NNS	She clamped her jaws tight and waited for it to pass .
tr	NNS	These aren 't straightforward references from the bible but I think these ideas have evolved over centuries .
tr	NNS	" You got all the directions to the rental cottage ? "
tr	NNS	A human occupant could insert beer or soda pop cans there .
tr	NN	He hadn 't seen any reindeer , but he 'd seen rows of blue lights before -- at the airfield outside of town .
tr	NN	And whereas the rest of the castle had shown the neglect of the last year or better , this room had obviously been neglected much longer .
tr	NN	" Actually , I had an inkling . "
tr	NN	" Have a little more faith , Cassie . "
tr	NN	" I have studied boxing also .
tr	NN	He tucked the cap under his arm and carried Ellie down the steep path .
tr	NNS	" I was having a ... crisis of faith . "
tr	NN	I want your vitality .
tr	NN	I asked Erin 's advice over lunch .
tr	NNS	I didn 't once hurl those stupid scrolls out the window .
tr	NN	Focusing , he charged a blast in his mind and let it fly .
tr	NN	If they were anti social , they don 't deserve civilised treatment .
tr	NNS	Maybe she said eleven and not seven .
tr	NN	Rusty signalled the waiter for another round of drinks .
tr	NNS	A clench of intimidation sank its talons into her gut at his girth and length , at his beauty and sleekness .
tr	NN	I felt blood trickle from my nose , but I refused to let go .
tr	NN	In a burst of sheer , fiendish creativity , I even made his toenails itch .
tr	NN	Jonas was holding the umbrella and he had most of it over her .
tr	NN	The rapier cost me a fortune .
tr	NN	She held up a beautiful pink and black butterfly hair clip .
tr	NNS	He re-united the subject kingdoms with Wessex .
tr	NN	Scanning the sea Sarah could just make out a large rectangular sail .
tr	NNS	Hopefully , she mused , each of them would soon find their happy endings , too .
tr	NNS	You close out all distractions and you let yourself feel the essence of it . "
tr	NNS	" It 's a small mirror mounted on a short , thin , stalk that clips onto a bicyclist 's eyeglasses or his helmet .
tr	NN	The bright sun in the sky and the scents of summer in the air lightens the whole World .
tr	NNS	Sylvia made mumbled noises as she woke up .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to begin rocking himself deeper , knowing her body was processing the raw , conflicting sensations of pain and pleasure .
tr	NN	He unwrapped the package .
tr	NN	I don 't need that touchy-feely crap . "
tr	NN	I have taken the morning star away so nobody will find the way to Jesus Christ anymore .
tr	NN	When he glances up at me , I see speculation .
tr	NN	The young man gripped the cage wire , with his face close to the gap , and shouted ' get stuffed pig . '
tr	NN	He stole a peek at her .
tr	NNS	Yes , the females had breasts , but withered ones , which were nearly not noticeable to some extent .
tr	NNS	Then you sent the wizard monkeys ?
tr	NNS	He will need your powers to neutralize his . "
tr	NNS	Initially , she 'd take photographic assignments on her off-hours , while she still had the protection of a steady paycheck .
tr	NN	" Even if it turns out for the best , a failed attempt at a crime still deserves punishment . "
tr	NNS	He couldn 't remember specifics , but he knew there were many .
tr	NN	Jonathan looked dumbstruck for a second , staring at his hand as if expecting it to confess something to him .
tr	NNS	The Institute will soon have official powers of liquidation .
tr	NN	She felt a pinch of disappointment and pushed it away .
tr	NNS	The girls gave Dominic big hugs and kisses on the cheek before they left .
tr	NNS	With a slight nod at me and a smile for Rafe , the waitress gathered my dishes and moved away from the table .
tr	NN	She pulled up his school email and tried to access it using the password she remembered .
tr	NNS	" We could use a few repair crews as well .
tr	NNS	We 've been getting our own trays now , since he seems to think I want nothing but salad .
tr	NN	Better average survival rate than ours . "
tr	NNS	In the meantime , she would see the duchess and Tony .
tr	NN	She got a music scholarship to St Agnes ' Hall , and she 's at grade eight with her cello already .
tr	NNS	I returned her stares with a collected smile , hoping to let her know it was all fine .
tr	NNS	I took the napkins , dabbing at my eyes and nose .
tr	NN	Tony grabbed the clipping and thrust it into Brando 's hands .
tr	NN	But they still had a complicated task ahead .
tr	NN	Chris handled the wagon , and Alex sat between him and Jet .
tr	NN	He pulls out a silky , white rope and ties my wrists in front of my body and my feet together .
tr	NN	How could one man make her tremble with anger one minute and passion the next ?
tr	NN	Willow curled her fingers , her nails digging into his arms but neither paid any attention .
tr	NN	He was holding a backpack of his own now , so she assumed the answer was yes .
tr	NN	She straightened her spine and held her ground .
tr	NN	Because you 're the only girl I 've ever had the urge to love . "
tr	NN	Rory knew the folly of that plan way too well .
tr	NNS	The Lakers piled two points onto the scoreboard , and the game was even .
tr	NN	She slurps her soda .
tr	NN	Say a little prayer to God , to thank him for the brilliant gleam .
tr	NNS	She did not like bicycles but she would not have hesitated for a moment to join the expedition .
tr	NNS	If you miss any three requirements , then you receive zero points .
tr	NNS	I have contacts in every city and I can sell anything .
tr	NNS	We drank back our shots , licked the salt off of the back of our hands and sucked our limes in unison .
tr	NN	" Not if we both have custody of Justin . "
tr	NN	Otherwise , she would have recognized Beth 's petty jealousy long ago .
tr	NNS	' Of course I neglected my patients and my practice folded .
tr	NN	The air had that damp cleanliness , with a tang of salt from the ocean a few leagues distant .
tr	NN	The North Wind may have heard the horn of the son of Denethor . ' '
tr	NN	- Only wear your backpack across one shoulder .
tr	NNS	What self-respecting almost thirty-year-old professional got butterflies in his stomach ?
tr	NNS	" And for once , I played my cards well .
tr	NNS	Nolen had always envied Spirit Mages who could transform cloth in a moment .
tr	NNS	I heard the hiss of her breath as Pagan inhaled .
tr	NN	" Thanks , " Andrew gathered the gown and beret in his arms .
tr	NNS	I won 't soon win any awards for my fraternal affection either . "
tr	NN	Then gripped the hem of her T-shirt and dragged it over her head , throwing it onto a nearby chair .
tr	NNS	Beast has more than a few lively tales of campaigns and skirmishes that cause Anton 's and Jacques 's eyes to glow with promises of glory .
tr	NN	" We take an oath that we can and will trust everyone in this circle and they can trust us .
tr	NNS	I made my excuses soon after and retired to my cabin .
tr	NNS	He recognized the camouflaged uniforms and the zombie-like stares .
tr	NN	The staff of the UN effort enjoyed diplomatic immunity from prosecution .
tr	NNS	The bars of light spilling between the boards on my window paint wide yellow stripes across the crumbling plaster on the far wall .
tr	NN	His deep , dark voice sent a pulsating sensation between my legs , and in that instant I regretted drinking so much .
tr	NN	Looking into the sad eye of a generally upbeat animal made his heart clench .
tr	NN	If I don 't get paid , I go down the drain . "
tr	NNS	Finally , behind the table sat the directors .
tr	NNS	" They only have a few buildings left in their control . "
tr	NN	Kimberly pretty much matched Jon 's version of things action for action .
tr	NN	Vanessa slipped the backpack into a garbage bag and carried it to the back .
tr	NNS	Her perfume flooded his senses .
tr	NN	They looked askance at the woman who seemed an intrusion .
tr	NN	He only shook his head weakly in response .
tr	NNS	" You know explosives , drugs ... " " Can she detect Liquid Light ? "
tr	NN	He bore little resemblance to the handsome boy in the photograph , though his eyes were still black .
tr	NN	All the while she felt the flow of energy growing around them until it was nearly crackling in the air .
tr	NNS	Linda had sent him photographs of Jennifer , and he didn 't recognise her .
tr	NN	Chick could smell the tang of sweat .
tr	NN	Elizabeth continued her survey of the room over my shoulder when , suddenly , I saw her eyes widen as she almost choked on the bubbly liquid .
tr	NN	Overwhelmed by her own tenderness and his raw , potent sexuality , Jenny fed his hunger , her parted lips welcoming the thrusting invasion of his tongue .
tr	NNS	Hero wasn 't taking any chances with her just as she wasn 't of him .
tr	NN	My cousin John , too , had about him this same manner as his mother , though he made me think of my own brother James .
tr	NN	And I place a tiny wrench into his palm .
tr	NNS	Behind it , the light showed more pale figures coming down the middle of the street .
tr	NN	Elsa without a word cleaned the bowls and bottles .
tr	NNS	You betrayed your allies for money , for power , or to protect yourself .
tr	NNS	We whizzed down roads I had never seen before , weaving in and out of the parked cars .
tr	NNS	Apparently she exposed her abilities and they swooped in .
tr	NN	said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NNS	Mac took shallow breaths .
tr	NNS	She refilled their cups without looking .
tr	NNS	The company just rents out a few offices on the twenty-third floor for small operations in the area .
tr	NNS	Hard to hit yard sales when most of them ended by nightfall .
tr	NNS	People search the lands for abundance and wealth , but the real treasure would be to know and feel a real connection .
tr	NNS	I could see the blood drops clearly , but the humans walked in it and left tracks , as if they could not see it .
tr	NN	In a few moments , we 'll have the location of her cell phone traced .
tr	NN	I sent the gift basket to the street address in New York that Franklin had given me .
tr	NN	He 'd just reached his goal when someone called his name .
tr	NNS	The light from the house glistened off the frozen tracks on her face .
tr	NN	I would have made a terrible nurse .
tr	NNS	Toda taught his students how to think , how to question and learn .
tr	NNS	" Out of the deep have I cried unto thee , O Lord , " Father Muldoon intoned the prayers at the grave .
tr	NN	She couldn 't resist Lisa 's obvious joy .
tr	NNS	I perused the bands for men and picked a simple white gold band with straight edges and no embellishment whatsoever .
tr	NNS	I loved the booths .
tr	NNS	That is called politics , Vimes .
tr	NN	I have no proof , not here .
tr	NN	It had the desired effect .
tr	NNS	" You like peaches . "
tr	NNS	He lifted the covers for her , and helped her slip inside .
tr	NN	" I 've seen your boy toy out fighting with the group , but you 've been missing since we got here .
tr	NN	Whitney needs that diamond for a new weapon he 's working on for defending our troops .
tr	NN	Somehow , I reached the first dune and dug my way under the tall grass framing the entry of the trail to the beach .
tr	NNS	" He has all sorts of demons here .
tr	NN	Arun felt the urge to run , but running would not solve this problem .
tr	NNS	I got finals coming up .
tr	NN	It sparkled , a shooting star of steel .
tr	NNS	" I did my toenails over three times before we even got into North Carolina . "
tr	NN	The person on phone said southeast .
tr	NN	He had earned that respect by being resourceful and intuitive .
tr	NNS	' Many things , ' said Legolas .
tr	NNS	" You 've worked the form presses before ? "
tr	NN	Greer drained the tankard for the last time and threw a few coins on the table .
tr	NN	They would be given the best treatment while they were visiting .
tr	NNS	Not surprisingly , each of them wore wide , satisfied grins .
tr	NNS	" With a stiff tailwind , Wind Breaker can give us fifty knots .
tr	NN	He flicked open his briefcase , handed her a dossier .
tr	NNS	Soon , his sister Sophie would have her twins , and he couldn 't wait to put a picture of all three Sullivan babies on there .
tr	NN	We probably didn 't even have an appointment for sex anymore .
tr	NN	" She can 't control her height ! "
tr	NN	He raised a hip and pulled free the envelope .
tr	NNS	Annie placed our meals in front of us .
tr	NNS	Two held lamps , a pretty golden glow washing over the pair as they shot up off the ground .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances . "
tr	NN	" Maybe then he can afford another gown for his daughter for her next ball . "
tr	NN	Donning it , she removed her museum identification tag from her shirt and fixed it to the smock .
tr	NNS	At his far left he saw the support teams in place .
tr	NN	Her eyes didn 't see the intricate mosaic design , nor did she hear the heavy feet that were coming towards her .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes counseling can help family members , too .
tr	NN	Within thirty seconds he had achieved more success than David .
tr	NNS	You can draw your own conclusions . "
tr	NNS	No , he shouldn 't have read her journals , but she had nothing to hide from Sam and she never would .
tr	NN	Well - " She brushed a strand of hair from her cheek .
tr	NN	" So why don 't you lose the attitude and tell me what you know ? "
tr	NN	She held a candle in her hand and blew it out when she came outside .
tr	NNS	Cough up the ingredients .
tr	NNS	He obviously had issues with his brother 's death , and would never be a better person if a professional didn 't step in and help him .
tr	NN	Robert drew a dagger from his sleeve .
tr	NN	On my shoulder a crow wiped his beak and guilt on my poor head .
tr	NNS	Dawn bought the twins bikes because they went a whole week without making her cry .
tr	NNS	' And Tom was running these same processes this week ? '
tr	NNS	She thought her daughter was now mostly over it , but rarely brought it up for fear it would cause more grief .
tr	NNS	" I had my suspicions . "
tr	NN	I can 't abide that fine material dragging in the dirt .
tr	NNS	Marius , women the world over wash the fruits of their wombs down public drains .
tr	NN	' I scoured the neighbourhood and the park across the road . '
tr	NNS	He took deep breaths and started doing sums in his head .
tr	NN	It eased the distaste she had for dealing with the foolish young Prince .
tr	NN	" Whatever stories you may have heard , don 't come close to doing it justice .
tr	NNS	I staggered backwards and gripped the banister .
tr	NN	She let out a bubble of laughter .
tr	NNS	She snatched her knives from the bed and wrapped the matching black belt around her waist .
tr	NN	She snapped off the cap and thrust her hand toward Trey .
tr	NNS	The fading light of the fires reflected off its shining red scales .
tr	NN	Albert removed the second battery , microphone , and transmitter from his backpack .
tr	NNS	Lindy flew over the treetops , still pointing down at the Hermit as she had while over the water .
tr	NN	What foul omen was this ?
tr	NNS	Or don 't you have the balls ? '
tr	NNS	She 'd been having contractions all morning and nothing the doctor 's did could stop the labor .
tr	NNS	I 'm putting her worst fears out there .
tr	NNS	She didn 't want Jess inside , not when she didn 't know what she was dealing with .
tr	NNS	Before he could say another word she stepped backwards , and pulled a Houdini on him .
tr	NN	Where had she put that old wicker basket ?
tr	NNS	She sifted the scented bits between her fingers , such tiny scraps to give off such a potent scent .
tr	NN	" Mr. Stillman , you wrote this epic musical .
tr	NNS	" Hey , I got sandwiches .
tr	NNS	She turned and circled the cave 's interior , counting out aloud her paces .
tr	NN	I 'd just screwed the entire operation .
tr	NN	She finished her speech and sat back down .
tr	NN	I mix the ice cream .
tr	NNS	He was seeing multiple visions of everything .
tr	NN	I had the strongest urge to jump into his arms and cry .
tr	NN	He left the gag in his mouth and his hands tied .
tr	NN	I pinch his arm playfully .
tr	NN	I 'd made a double batch since I knew Weldon and Daryl could polish off a batch by themselves .
tr	NN	What harm could there be in taking things a little further ?
tr	NN	He 'd ignored the possibility before , but here , now , he couldn 't .
tr	NNS	Chapter 33 I walked through the huge hall , catching glimpses of a few vampires in their discreet yet vigilant positions as I passed .
tr	NN	I rode horseback in full chainmail in the hot sun , cooking from the inside out .
tr	NNS	" Good guys don 't traffic drugs , Mike . "
tr	NN	" Of cancer . "
tr	NNS	" What about our kids and their families ?
tr	NN	We have very few remaining oil wells and very limited refinery capacity .
tr	NNS	Marco and Zoe both held their coffee cups aloft , careful not to let anything spill on the soft sheets .
tr	NN	Thank goodness they didn 't have to crawl through the hideous swamp again .
tr	NNS	His smooth face belied the many centuries he 'd walked the earth and only silver hair hinted at his long years .
tr	NNS	The dry grass scrapes my palms and I push myself to my feet , searching the darkness for Tobias and Caleb .
tr	NN	And I want the special scrub down tonight .
tr	NN	Never saw anybody driving it . "
tr	NN	They had committed the unforgivable .
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	Free ice cream and swimming for the kids , providing Mom and Dad sat through a sales presentation . "
tr	NNS	Where did you source the ingredients ? "
tr	NNS	She had read such descriptions of women being excited by a man before , even heard a few whispers .
tr	NNS	With the future of her mother 's house still in the air , I was handling the payments until she could get back on her feet .
tr	NNS	She does the weekly arrangements here at the inn . "
tr	NNS	Melissa could taste doubts in all of them , but they were more afraid of doing nothing .
tr	NN	She got a " screw everyone " attitude and because I 'm her best friend , I did , too . "
tr	NN	" Besides , would you really want special candy from a woman with delusions about beetle eggs ? "
tr	NNS	He fished my insurance cards out of my purse and showed them to the admitting clerk .
tr	NN	A waiter dressed in white lays a fruit cocktail on a small bamboo table .
tr	NNS	He had two cups of tea steaming on the table , along with some buttered toast , so I joined him .
tr	NN	" Not likely , " he said a little sadly .
tr	NN	Peter saw the assessment because he was doing his own .
tr	NNS	" We 're quibbling over half a million dollars and you give me a bill for $ 57,000 ? "
tr	NNS	" We can hire other thieving crews .
tr	NN	The intimate gesture made my insides clench .
tr	NN	Jessica showed off her mystical prowess .
tr	NN	" Quite the contrary .
tr	NNS	I just want to go home , ' he says then presses .
tr	NNS	Oh , they can get their regular classes there , but then they will get their military schooling over at Fort Wilcox . "
tr	NN	" You 'll need the uniform to get closer to anything vital , sensitive , that most other people won 't be able to get near to .
tr	NNS	That night , she and Chapman paced the floors , wondering what to do , until she hit on an idea . "
tr	NNS	So race forth , brave wolves and wait patiently , for you will have your kill ! "
tr	NN	But as soon as our lips touch , his arm tightens around my waist , fingers digging in to my hip .
tr	NNS	Had my first transformation given me the super senses Toby mentioned he had ?
tr	NNS	Secondly , when I opened up to you , I trusted my instincts and you proved me wrong . "
tr	NN	Breedlove gave a slow twist of the head .
tr	NN	But when in Rome ... I picked up my fork .
tr	NNS	As we approached , they waved the spears and shouted , but of course we could hear none of it through the road of our machines .
tr	NN	She melted against me and gripped my good shoulder , her nails digging in .
tr	NN	yelled the strange duck .
tr	NNS	Once again , you exceeded our expectations , the Council said , in a tone laced with satisfaction .
tr	NNS	Too bad he couldn 't recognize the high points in his own life .
tr	NN	I dug up a pen out of the bottom of my backpack , and an old test .
tr	NN	I opened a menu in front of me and then peeked over it toward the back of the restaurant .
tr	NNS	They 'd hidden their tracks too well .
tr	NNS	" Check our crews , Kalen .
tr	NNS	Actually , he purchased two dogs from the pound .
tr	NNS	I 'm running a few scenarios in my head , and they all involve her doing things that make me want to scream .
tr	NNS	I 've got some more deliveries to make . "
tr	NNS	You will bring the photographs to me tomorrow , yes ? "
tr	NNS	" These websites could aid terrorists .
tr	NNS	Either that or you could finally grow some balls and try getting back on the board . "
tr	NNS	Through this window , I could see all the wiring panels and switch racks for the telecommunications in the lab .
tr	NNS	I walked up and down the hallways at school , wearing my beret and quoting the only poem I knew .
tr	NNS	Helicopters don 't have jet engines to clog , so we 'll be fine . "
tr	NNS	Plus , it would get stolen quicker than you could say , ' stick 'em up . ' "
tr	NNS	We 'll take our chances I think ! "
tr	NNS	He was standing only inches away from her , and she knew she would give in to him if he made a move .
tr	NN	I drove an old Volkswagen beetle at the time -- very old .
tr	NNS	Assuming we go through with this , and I haven 't yet said we would , we 'd exert our utmost skills .
tr	NN	The monitor showed a clear stretch of road ahead and the driver drove like a boss .
tr	NNS	She recalled those birds that lived in Alain 's Region of Fire , the birds who flew forever , and now she understood .
tr	NNS	She smoked black cigarettes on the fire escape as they talked together .
tr	NN	She only saw her fiance lying in a puddle of his own blood .
tr	NN	We will suck out the oxygen .
tr	NN	Robins saw the Channel Three patch on Dwayne 's jacket .
tr	NNS	She simultaneously slapped the palms of her hands against each of his ears .
tr	NN	That gave Surreal sufficient privacy but made it easy to hear her .
tr	NN	And nobody can win a staring contest with infinity .
tr	NNS	I 'd said spells before to teleport , but I hadn 't done it by just thinking about being in a different location .
tr	NN	We lived off his inheritance and my grandmother 's help .
tr	NN	She tipped the lid off from a near empty paint can and stuck her head into it , breathing deep .
tr	NN	asked the Queen of Darkness , Isabella Satan .
tr	NN	She could just barely get a glimpse of the remains of the house .
tr	NNS	" Because you can 't control the gangs of this city .
tr	NN	Then again , I wasn 't giving him credit .
tr	NNS	Applying pressure , I worked my thumbs up the muscles of his spine .
tr	NN	The Puerto Rican woman gave the other woman a reassuring squeeze .
tr	NN	He must take pity on me , though , because the next time the phone buzzes he grinds against me .
tr	NN	Roxanne plopped her butt in a nearby love seat .
tr	NN	So take my advice , Claire .
tr	NNS	When trying to prove something like that , a little hand on the thigh can say volumes .
tr	NNS	The breeze disturbed red climbing roses draped on a trellis and they released their sweet fragrance .
tr	NN	She would never know the joy of falling in love , and having a family .
tr	NN	" Don 't you have a tool shed with garden shears or something ? "
tr	NN	Ahead a pod of cars pooled as they approached Martin Luther King Boulevard .
tr	NN	Tossing it back into a corner of the trunk , I helped my brother climb out and told him to go around to the passenger door .
tr	NNS	Then he kept the intervals going for consistency . "
tr	NNS	They 'd enhance her physical abilities .
tr	NNS	He had no illusions that it was going to be easy .
tr	NNS	" They get the assignments . "
tr	NNS	Normally Kelly would have dismissed his remarks .
tr	NNS	When we were finished , Nick picked up the dishes and loaded the dishwasher .
tr	NN	He began a slow , deep massage , working her knotted muscles with infinite gentleness .
tr	NNS	He lost his senses and fell asleep under the tree .
tr	NNS	He moved some stray hairs from my shoulder .
tr	NNS	The pyramidal Wall narrowed as they climbed , each row of speakers set back a few inches deeper than the row beneath .
tr	NNS	I had no doubts that if you plugged Anton and me into a compatibility computer , we 'd come out on the other end together .
tr	NNS	Ice studied the items for a moment and then asked , " Uh ... where do you get your inventory ? "
tr	NNS	So give me your conditions .
tr	NNS	The abbot tapped the Mountains of Saint Michael .
tr	NNS	They kicked up clouds of sand that masked much of the slaughter .
tr	NN	" Why are you bringing up this topic ? "
tr	NN	He places a small vial into a centrifuge , puts something into an oven and later takes it out .
tr	NN	Walter took a mouthful of stew , and waited for Emily 's response .
tr	NNS	They have powers we don 't have , but the human heart will always be stronger than any power they have . "
tr	NN	" Yes , someone hacked my server and now my phone .
tr	NN	He got a glimpse of a tall dark shape hurtling toward him .
tr	NN	Dad pays the entry fee .
tr	NN	Just for that I 'm not going to tell you all the places I 've hid candy when I leave . "
tr	NN	I wedged the scroll in the crevice of an orange tree and bade it seal shut .
tr	NNS	" Making cats ? "
tr	NN	I called up the owner and sort of negotiated with him a bit . "
tr	NNS	He had been pounding the dents out by hand .
tr	NNS	He too had noticed the approaching teens .
tr	NNS	Three broad bridges crossed the calm waters , and were the only means of entering the city .
tr	NNS	When he finished his coffee and pastry Charlie rang DeVries .
tr	NNS	Who could have bought up her marks ?
tr	NN	I put the sewing down and go out to investigate .
tr	NN	The whole idea left her numb with dread .
tr	NN	My homemade bulletproof vest .
tr	NNS	Apparently Prince Sadi was sharing Cassidy 's reports with his father .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths to steady myself .
tr	NNS	I tried one last dodge , hoping it might pay off .
tr	NNS	Make yourselves at home . "
tr	NN	" You have a high estimate of his ability . "
tr	NNS	" Doesn 't the castle feed its servants ? "
tr	NNS	" They have done wonders with the hair of all those pop stars .
tr	NNS	He understood the dangers of his position , just as you do .
tr	NNS	If only Alexander would bite me , plunge his fangs into my neck and draw out my sweet blood .
tr	NN	I saw the fury raging in his eyes .
tr	NN	Her lined face stilled , her eyes on some distant memory , but she did not try to avoid the question .
tr	NNS	He had always loved birds .
tr	NNS	Cassidy kicked off her sandals and tied her sweater around her waist .
tr	NNS	" We need dates before we 'll get anything out of the local paper .
tr	NN	I forced the grief away .
tr	NN	He was whipped cream , even if he didn 't belong to me anymore .
tr	NN	" Could you grab a cloth and wipe her forehead ? "
tr	NN	He took the corkscrew she handed him .
tr	NNS	She counted the pages .
tr	NNS	She searched his pockets and found his driver 's license , which provided his name .
tr	NN	A mummy would have had less wrapping .
tr	NNS	He devoured all 800 pages of the Stephen King 's The Stand in one weekend .
tr	NNS	" You already have so many marks on you no one 'll notice . "
tr	NNS	I don 't have visions .
tr	NNS	I must approve all renovations . "
tr	NNS	There were splashing noises , but it was impossible to see what had caused them .
tr	NNS	" If they killed Grieg , it would confirm all your strongest fears about New Law robots .
tr	NN	But over time those feelings will level off and fade away , and so will the hex .
tr	NNS	The name she spoke only confirmed my fears .
tr	NN	Budget Rental Car furnished the NSA operative the code to track the car of interest .
tr	NNS	He smiled , and took over the movement , bucking me up and down , his hands gripping my thighs .
tr	NNS	Upon the completion of his scan , the android loaded all the data into his memory .
tr	NNS	If the papers Zac had shown him were correct , then her father would have known the dangers of Reconstruction .
tr	NNS	Giving up without touching her burger , she tossed fifteen bucks on the table and left the relative safety of the Palace .
tr	NN	In the hind yard , Tibor detached his cart from the cow .
tr	NNS	" Then why are you choosing drugs instead ? "
tr	NN	Words like murder , danger , blood , bullets , bat shit insane .
tr	NNS	Most had giant chunks missing from them , while some were half torn in rubble .
tr	NNS	You have no rights . "
tr	NN	He crossed the threshold on silent feet , and I tiptoed in behind him , my heart pounding as I glanced around .
tr	NNS	We need provisions now . "
tr	NN	Andra , was sickened , it was like having a giant leech , draining your body of life .
tr	NN	The mob had stopped traffic in all directions , trapping inside the square those now desperate to get out .
tr	NN	She set down the menu .
tr	NNS	But he has shunned all my more than reasonable offers .
tr	NN	Lucy propped a hip on the conference room table .
tr	NNS	Any scheme that draws their ire draws my suspicions . "
tr	NN	He felt her tremble as he stroked tiny circles that brushed near her clit without touching her most sensitive flesh .
tr	NN	We also share the same conviction . "
tr	NNS	Who will marry such independent and deadly misses ?
tr	NNS	She had seen his fangs .
tr	NNS	I thought I heard something again , but like you said , old houses ... " he said lamely .
tr	NNS	" He has poor social skills . "
tr	NNS	" Takes more balls to do that than blow up dead innocent people .
tr	NNS	She could legally kill Salem and mate Paris , all in one night .
tr	NNS	" No , we 'll have bodyguards with us .
tr	NN	I refreshed my email .
tr	NNS	Ted still had his doubts , but he collected these ' valuables ' anyway .
tr	NNS	" I like cats . "
tr	NNS	We hurled a few formalities in our loud voices without ever really approaching each other .
tr	NNS	" Haha , light the torches !
tr	NNS	He 'd rather be doing quadratic equations or having a cavity filled .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ?
tr	NN	The man I will introduce to you will proudly voice his great achievement to a world currently under fire from another world .
tr	NN	William inquired the scorn in his voice more than apparent .
tr	NN	" Can you prove your claim ? "
tr	NNS	They sharpened their daggers in case they were needed but prayed they would die in battle rather than have to take their own lives in defeat .
tr	NN	The umpire has ruled a fair block , however , and I don 't think Marco will appeal .
tr	NN	But leave this valley .
tr	NNS	His skin had creases from a lifetime of parched weather , an exterior worn by the harsh conditions of nomadic life .
tr	NN	I printed the article , cut out the headline , and took it over to my desk .
tr	NN	I wore a long , flowing gown of soft white fabric that fluttered when I walked .
tr	NNS	He heard the shots , one after the other , at least thirteen rounds in quick succession .
tr	NNS	Mordred 's lance was embedded a few inches beneath Lancelot 's right arm .
tr	NN	As I would make my exit , swinging and spitting , I would pledge anew loyalty to myself alone .
tr	NNS	If he suffocated , you might find broken blood vessels in his eyes . "
tr	NNS	His sexy drawl made her insides hum and all of her secret places pulse with a hunger stronger than anything she 'd ever experienced .
tr	NN	My father will use the dragon and Goat to trace us .
tr	NN	Lydia took pity on her and grabbed her hand .
tr	NN	" I caught a glimpse of her , and she 's a beautiful woman . "
tr	NNS	I want your noses . "
tr	NN	Alan tapped a pencil on the desk and leaned back in his chair .
tr	NNS	Iris picked up the cards and counted the money .
tr	NN	Rogan whipped back to me , his eyes feral .
tr	NNS	Around the outside of the 12 individual strands were wrapped another five golden wires .
tr	NNS	It cost him several thousand dollars to simply have the room left unguarded for a short window of time .
tr	NNS	" Some of the people who hang out with magicians have modifications .
tr	NNS	" About three hundred and fifty thousand dollars . "
tr	NNS	When I finally released them , I pressed my palms to his chest and ran them up to push his coat off his shoulders .
tr	NNS	He and his buddies were still taking pot shots into the house ; I saw bags and containers of extra rounds lying at their feet .
tr	NN	" We 've got proof . "
tr	NN	Something large sprang off the trunk of the neighboring fossilized pillar .
tr	NNS	Finally , she contributed only two cards , one at the beginning of the spread and one at the end .
tr	NNS	She held up the manila envelopes .
tr	NNS	He was wearing Gone Joe 's overalls .
tr	NN	She looks at me pointedly , humor dancing in her pretty blue eyes .
tr	NNS	I have received responses from 92 % of the systems on line .
tr	NN	He tossed his briefcase onto the desk and went to the window , staring out at the city his father had loved .
tr	NNS	I led my students down a road through education .
tr	NNS	With a whistle , he sent the dogs into the trees and ran behind them .
tr	NNS	I 'd protect his sisters if he 'd protect me .
tr	NN	That just left one option .
tr	NN	Coffee didn 't make her knees tremble , or her stomach flutter .
tr	NNS	I got those English muffin sandwiches I know you like . "
tr	NNS	He expected white folks to be resentful and he expected black folks to want leniency , and he was determined to show complete fairness .
tr	NNS	The Japanese are feverishly building robots because there 's a looming labour shortage due to the rapidly aging population .
tr	NNS	" He has too many issues unresolved .
tr	NNS	She 'd made too many poor judgments in the past two weeks , and that one might be the most dangerous .
tr	NNS	" I 've done protection spells on him , but he 's still pretty weak . "
tr	NNS	She wore wool slacks and a sweater that had to be cashmere .
tr	NN	" Madam 's feet require much treatment .
tr	NN	Wolf Eyes had great respect for Wounded Eagle .
tr	NNS	I take a few deep breaths before knocking on the door .
tr	NNS	Until then , can we all assume the points we have agreed upon to be in effect ?
tr	NN	He managed a vague shrug of one shoulder .
tr	NN	She stabbed the fork in between his chest plates , hitting the grey area .
tr	NN	If this you seek , heed my Call .
tr	NN	At least their unscheduled visitor had granted her a reprieve until she could decide what to do next .
tr	NNS	A subtle rumble shook the boards beneath her feet .
tr	NNS	But you can 't drink your troubles away .
tr	NN	The sweat made his dark skin shine .
tr	NNS	He gave a thumbs up to indicate he understood and turned back to his training .
tr	NNS	" Did you seriously just give up your powers ? "
tr	NNS	No wonder people from all over the country , and the world , planned their business conferences here .
tr	NNS	They stood and pulled the deer onto a tarp made of tough hide , to drag it out of the thick brush and into a clearing .
tr	NN	She approached the desk clerk .
tr	NN	Struck with an idea , I pulled up the web browser and opened the Gmail page .
tr	NN	Caroline muttered an oath , turned , and stalked down the driveway , her shoulders straight .
tr	NN	Jose flushes a little guiltily .
tr	NNS	You gave off the vibes of a guy who was working his own agenda .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't move forward , the cameras all flashing and circling like sharks .
tr	NN	I felt a pang of something , perhaps that guilt again , and I quickly slid my meat onto her plate .
tr	NN	I touched the shaft gingerly .
tr	NN	Jill resisted the urge to compare her jacket with the woman 's wardrobe .
tr	NN	' How did you get a god to join you ? '
tr	NN	" Tell me my future , witch ! "
tr	NN	Jolene gripped the railing so tightly her hands went numb .
tr	NNS	If I left it in place , I could have four stacks of seven cells .
tr	NNS	She trusted Jess and wanted answers and advice .
tr	NNS	" Our order often had similar research interests as this group .
tr	NN	He actually looked sheepish .
tr	NN	We navigate a maze of what I can only describe as pure madness .
tr	NNS	He 'd entertained countless scenarios .
tr	NN	" And the Heavens will separate the wheat from the chaff . "
tr	NN	" You cannot mean that barbarian ! "
tr	NNS	He like her boldness in asking what was on her mind and looked forward to tomorrow 's lesson with her .
tr	NN	" You have the desert and then the other mountains .
tr	NN	The sincerity in his voice brought a lump to my throat .
tr	NNS	" It 's for sending ghosts to the otherworld . "
tr	NN	Theo gobbled up the white chocolate cake .
tr	NN	For some reason he didn 't tell the bartender he was the kid in the photo .
tr	NN	She eyed his large , muscular frame with amusement .
tr	NN	Cory took the towel the lifeguard offered and wrapped it around her shoulders .
tr	NN	I didn 't mean no harm .
tr	NNS	The tourists get samples of the olives and snacks made from the olive oil .
tr	NN	On the seventh floor , Mitch grabbed her briefcase and left the elevator .
tr	NNS	He had seen the reports of the desertion rate in the Army .
tr	NN	Georgina lit a candle in the Lady Chapel for Peter ; I lit two candles , one for Storm and one for Myra .
tr	NN	He brushed a strand of hair back from my face and tucked it behind me ear .
tr	NN	Relief made her shoulders sag , and she put a hand to her brow .
tr	NN	After Mom and Sheriff Dalton are both gone , I 'll contact an attorney and see what can be done to straighten this out . "
tr	NNS	I could handle direct issues no matter how bad but this quandary was completely beyond my influence now .
tr	NNS	Where upon the United Nations Council , as guided by mother of course ; would select the first temporary members of the Government of Unity .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a red leaf fell off the branch and slowly whirled to the ground .
tr	NN	" You call this desert god of yours and tell him the truth right now , Roxanne .
tr	NN	I can see the wreckage a mile away .
tr	NNS	The Justice decided that discretion was the better part of valour , the barristers exchanged shots , missed , and returned to the court .
tr	NNS	I hope my smile hides what I 'm really thinking .
tr	NN	You have a farm to run . "
tr	NNS	Not all demons had hearts .
tr	NNS	He had met devils , he had cheated devils and his own soul had even been sold to one .
tr	NN	I picked up the tool and stood .
tr	NNS	" If we have wagons full of supplies , rather than just what we each carry , then it slows our movements .
tr	NNS	But just having someone 's magic so freely circulating through the building set my neck hairs on end .
tr	NNS	The smell emanating from the large bin is assaulting all my senses and making me gag every two minutes .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any illusions I will win my very first race , but I pray we won 't come in dead last .
tr	NNS	She will be scouting out any leads that we come across while we 're in school .
tr	NNS	" Some of us have priorities other than investments and buying up the world . "
tr	NNS	He gave her points for not stammering that opening line .
tr	NNS	She took two breaths before raising her head .
tr	NN	" I shall never allow my faith to waver again . "
tr	NNS	Instead , she sensed his loneliness , and to her surprise , emotions that were akin to pleasure , gratitude , and hope .
tr	NN	' She didn 't manage a morph . '
tr	NNS	And one certainly needed all their wits about them when dealing with this one before them -- a certain young man named Troy .
tr	NN	John warned the Keeper .
tr	NNS	" But I have some conditions . "
tr	NN	I threw the whip into a loop and sustained the loop as I walked forward .
tr	NN	Elodie made a gesture that was pretty easy to interpret .
tr	NN	" I-I stubbed my toe . "
tr	NN	Anthony 's hand hits his temple .
tr	NN	A golden chain around his neck held a massive diamond at his breast , the famed Badge .
tr	NNS	" Should we make necklaces or something ?
tr	NNS	He had not forgotten the pickpocketing skills which the Assassin madame Paola had taught him as a young man in Florence .
tr	NNS	Winter storms , however , involve great masses of air that tower so high that going over the top of them is virtually impossible .
tr	NNS	We found the labs on the next floor .
tr	NNS	They were consenting adults , and they both wanted this .
tr	NNS	' Buzzer ' Watson scrutinised his fingernails while the Works Manager carefully studied the ceiling above him .
tr	NNS	" Because the bartender is obviously into you and I 'm guessing he might get the shots for you faster . "
tr	NN	Each blow sent a sickening shudder through her body .
tr	NNS	He placed the meals in front of the arguing pair of diners , and then walked away without saying anything .
tr	NNS	Then he offered the drops of blood to her .
tr	NNS	Whoever took you may have wanted some samples of your blood for a little DNA testing and research . "
tr	NN	He lowered the pistol and walked over to the pile of debris .
tr	NNS	" It 's right for you to be terrified at the thought , " Riley told the statues .
tr	NNS	" Did you attend such meetings ? "
tr	NNS	" But if you don 't want to come , give Mr. Sanchez my heartfelt apologies .
tr	NN	He 'll make a great diplomat . '
tr	NN	Now she had the distasteful task not only of officially closing the file on his pet idea , his only idea , but of finalizing their relationship .
tr	NN	Dead trees haunt the bleak landscape , bashed deep with shell holes .
tr	NNS	He slowly fell backwards .
tr	NNS	Her whispered song created loneliness and despair .
tr	NN	" You 've got to be kidding me , " I told her weakly , feeling numb .
tr	NN	Hassler pulled his backpack over , opened it , dug around inside until he emerged with a leather-bound journal .
tr	NN	" I do love Cameron . "
tr	NNS	He squeezed his palms .
tr	NN	I now have proof they 're genetic and therefore beyond his control . "
tr	NN	He had hung a collection of botanical watercolors , and the one I noticed was a picture of hyssop . "
tr	NN	He loved the contrast between the rugged surface and the peacefulness that arrived just a few feet beneath the waves .
tr	NNS	The waitress cleared their lunch trays and asked if they wanted dessert .
tr	NN	" Two hundred sixty-three , " she read the preliminary tally aloud .
tr	NN	" So has the itch gone ? "
tr	NN	With his other hand , he drove his dagger into Denis 's stomach , burying it to the hilt .
tr	NNS	We did however share two common interests .
tr	NN	Fergus put the communicator back on the desk .
tr	NNS	Some of them had numbers and some of them didn 't .
tr	NN	Twelve years before , when Lord joined the firm , Hayes had taken an instant liking to him .
tr	NNS	They were studying the skid marks left on the road .
tr	NNS	The bed had only a mattress and the floor was bare .
tr	NN	They were glowing extra brightly now , perhaps indicating a high level of excitement .
tr	NN	See the definition of Temple .
tr	NNS	Eric , I 'll send you the blueprints when they 're ready .
tr	NN	They crossed a junction .
tr	NNS	He was wearing sweats and a ratty T-shirt .
tr	NN	" So , you support my proposal ? "
tr	NNS	Have the hots for him , horny -- I am not !
tr	NNS	But she was giving him arguments for taking calculus and linear algebra , something about discrete mathematics and numerical analysis .
tr	NNS	Maybe you can set up some interviews with the paper out there . "
tr	NN	I pulled the tailgate down and jumped up to sit there .
tr	NNS	The two men left the other gentlemen behind and slipped into the smaller room , closing the door behind them for privacy .
tr	NNS	Then he searched his pockets for the meth he 'd put there and hurried to the Enlightenment Hall , where the privacy of his room awaited .
tr	NNS	Return home , have troubles with the foreign subway .
tr	NNS	It feeds all sorts of negative energy .
tr	NN	I can actually see the exhaustion in his eyes .
tr	NN	Louder and louder came the chant .
tr	NN	To some degree it gave your father an edge , he merely applied the same tactics selling what they wanted to them , protection from themselves . "
tr	NNS	Two months ago , she hired private detectives to search for him .
tr	NN	Dorian carelessly smoothed down the black velvet of his robe .
tr	NNS	However come weekends the bottle seldom left his precincts with predictable results .
tr	NNS	And even worse , I was wearing thin slippers instead of boots , and the ground was very muddy with all the recent rain .
tr	NN	" This is taking duty a little far , Laurence ; a fine thing when a naval officer chooses to jump ship for the Corps . "
tr	NNS	Hannah considered her new surroundings with bits of equipment all around the confined space .
tr	NNS	Her white blouse had mud stains here and there , and her jeans were wrinkled .
tr	NNS	" I don 't need the specifics .
tr	NN	" A swim scholarship to UNC !
tr	NNS	He put the cards in his suitcase and finished packing .
tr	NN	He replaced the receiver and walked to the wide , empty office .
tr	NN	" You might enjoy a semester or two of college .
tr	NN	The sea monster swam around the sculpture of Apollo , singing a sorrowful song .
tr	NN	The sound of high-heeled boots cracked down the pavement with an intonation I recognized well : exhaustion .
tr	NN	These days you would call him a sex addict , but I think it was more than that .
tr	NN	" We have very strong immunity .
tr	NN	" Must I give you a lesson on manners every time you open your mouth ? "
tr	NN	For some reason , my little speech struck a chord .
tr	NNS	Personal computers , mobile phones , video game consoles , manufactured supplies all dwindled and became scarce for no apparent reason .
tr	NNS	He picked up his wineglass , taking a sip before replying .
tr	NNS	" Quinn doesn 't do drugs . "
tr	NN	It made her heart ache just thinking about it .
tr	NNS	Nor could the shadow of her hood hide the creases by her eyes , the wrinkles on her brow or the gray of her hair .
tr	NN	She brought the basin and a pile of towels and stayed for the whole messy business .
tr	NNS	" Well , perhaps it has changed titles . "
tr	NNS	He saw the two hallways and ran down the one to the left .
tr	NN	You will give me the claim to provide against that . "
tr	NN	" You try , no charge , " Flyer apparently knew this customer .
tr	NNS	" He has no powers to wield . "
tr	NN	Jamie twisted her ponytail around her fingers .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen the cattle come out from their sheltered hideouts in the brush to eat their hay this morning .
tr	NN	Then I hear the door slam .
tr	NNS	A cold acknowledgment frosted up my insides .
tr	NN	When Sophia turned , she saw a bull lumbering slowly toward them , not more than a few feet away , chest muscles rippling .
tr	NNS	I just walk dogs . "
tr	NNS	" Not all subjects had the same abilities .
tr	NNS	Sawyer often brought the boisterous college dropout waiters he 'd already gotten drunk with on the back porch of the Crab Lab .
tr	NNS	When Malcolm drops me back off in front of the house I hand him his goggles .
tr	NN	For some reason the realization sent a pang of pleasure and excitement into his heart .
tr	NNS	But money could buy miracles and manpower , and the renovations were accomplished in less than a month .
tr	NN	So why was she fighting this attraction ?
tr	NN	Now , she was assigned watch duty to only one of them .
tr	NN	" They 're predicting a cold winter this year . "
tr	NN	Gray had noted the aftermath from the air as they swept down toward the island 's airport .
tr	NNS	" We had heavy snows last winter and Ed wasn 't in shape to take care of things like that himself . "
tr	NNS	He tightened his buttocks and clenched his teeth .
tr	NN	She wore her swimsuit under her shorts and T-shirt , but she had no intention of going in the water .
tr	NN	He murmured a compulsion , fast and low , too quick for me to make out the words .
tr	NNS	I buttered some scones which just melted in my mouth .
tr	NNS	They , d collected some fibers , or thought they had , but then they came up with nothing .
tr	NN	Alphas who were born into a pack had the option of staying and learning to submit to the current Alpha .
tr	NNS	The Professor wanted the folks to meet us .
tr	NNS	The girls set up positions to collect balls and pass them to Joan so she could shoot on goal .
tr	NN	Carol handed him a napkin and waited .
tr	NN	I 'll get a lawyer .
tr	NN	" Eric , " I said with a feeling of doom , " I need a favor . "
tr	NNS	She scanned the crowds around them .
tr	NNS	" Oh that 's right , we don 't have each other 's phone numbers . "
tr	NNS	That magic makes the ruins beautiful , but not dangerous . "
tr	NNS	I was just running some errands . "
tr	NN	For her entire life , she 'd known exactly what she was and what she would be : a dancer .
tr	NNS	I can see your texts and hear your conversations . "
tr	NN	" Remember Earth 's Edge ? "
tr	NN	" Who ripped your blouse off ? "
tr	NN	Leona tapped her shoe .
tr	NN	" Want some advice ? "
tr	NNS	I whisper hiss , " Over here ! "
tr	NN	She looked around the diner and then back at him .
tr	NNS	He pushed my cards toward me , flipping a nine of diamonds on top of the first one .
tr	NNS	But I can sometimes fit the data into my own investigation because I do have context . "
tr	NNS	" Yah ... " " What about extra diapers for Em ? "
tr	NN	Thomas highly doubted this last claim .
tr	NN	I deleted the email and moved on , reviewing work memos and deleting spam .
tr	NNS	Do I halt operations as I call every office across the globe before making a decision I know has to be made ?
tr	NNS	Mikhail 's does not offer luxury accommodations , but that 's fine .
tr	NNS	Not one person there has pure motives in mind .
tr	NNS	I took three deep breaths , readying myself to kill two men I didn 't know .
tr	NNS	I pushed the covers back and listened a little more closely .
tr	NNS	Most Houses had their private armies , but Mad Rogan took it a step further .
tr	NN	So this visit carried sizable meaning for them both .
tr	NNS	They 'll also build fires . '
tr	NN	Jace heard the acid in his own tone , saw Alec flinch , and was meanly , momentarily , glad .
tr	NNS	Like I said , we don 't have that many wolves in our system .
tr	NNS	Chapter 39 The offices of Prescott & Talbott There was an actual line outside Sasha 's office door when she and Connelly arrived just before eight .
tr	NN	" I 'll have to try it , " Mason says , the owner of the gas station trailing behind him as he walks .
tr	NNS	As he thought about the possibility of finding true love , he felt again the loneliness he had felt before welling up from deep within .
tr	NNS	But for Cassie I 'd do the whole city 's dishes if she asked .
tr	NN	Janelle Jankowski implored the crew chief over lunch in the employee trailer .
tr	NNS	She popped the dishes in the microwave and punched in a time setting .
tr	NN	That didn 't take a huge leap of intelligence to figure out , but I hadn 't expected who she was .
tr	NN	Sam hadn 't even had enough respect for her and her opinions that he 'd taken a moment to tell her .
tr	NNS	He would touch her breasts , and it always felt so good when he touched her .
tr	NNS	He said that with the King 's army now in the mountains , we could move our interests from fighting the mountain folk to politics . "
tr	NNS	It had no usable data on his newfound weapon systems , and at that thought Zero 's gateways glowed with glee .
tr	NN	It could mean the plan 's success or failure .
tr	NNS	" I accept your terms .
tr	NNS	" Fifty thousand dollars . "
tr	NN	" I 'm kicking her butt tomorrow .
tr	NNS	The first round is easy , we just add our scores .
tr	NN	" If you don 't mind my saying ... this guy bears a resemblance to Dracula . "
tr	NN	A rush of chills skated down my spine .
tr	NNS	Caden , Amelie , and the others could be hired actors .
tr	NN	" Or as you Americans say , I 'll plead the fifth . "
tr	NN	Someone had hung an umbrella from his wrist .
tr	NN	A sound like sizzling grease accompanied the scoring bolt .
tr	NN	As Olivia walked Runner through the Commons , she felt a familiar electricity coursing through her body .
tr	NN	They quickly unfastened the rope and let go of it for the return trip .
tr	NN	He muttered a prayer beneath his breath as two enemy soldiers grasped him about the torso .
tr	NNS	The noise violently grasped their attentions , their heads moving in sharp unison to peer in the sound 's direction .
tr	NNS	sending chills down the spines of everyone in the room .
tr	NN	He selected another morsel of eel and swallowed before answering .
tr	NNS	He pushed the cups of my bra up , exposing my flesh to his eyes , his mouth , his hands .
tr	NNS	" You turn the knobs to get the water into the tub .
tr	NN	With hands which were ever so slightly shaking , he carefully opened the scroll .
tr	NNS	Danny and Jake pulled exaggerated versions of Abigail 's serious facial expression and laughed .
tr	NN	Ever had a slice ? "
tr	NNS	He patted his pockets before remembering that he 'd left his cell phone in his truck when he went in for dinner .
tr	NNS	Hands on his hips , he surveyed her efforts .
tr	NNS	Two sinks had gold fixtures .
tr	NNS	After an hour , he ceased his efforts , wondering instead , bleakly , if he would suffer later for the useless attempts .
tr	NN	Just to torture myself , I Googled the Black Hand again .
tr	NN	" Perhaps we should consider her advice . "
tr	NN	Don 't you even dare toy with me or I will make you regret this bravado of yours ! "
tr	NNS	The mage took several deep breaths before speaking yet again .
tr	NN	You can remember that hitting your thumb with a hammer hurts , however , you can 't actually have the same sensation without hitting your thumb again .
tr	NN	" Are you pretending that this - " he made a sweeping gesture to his tattooed scar " - doesn 't horrify you ?
tr	NNS	He gently kissed her palms .
tr	NN	A short figure held an enormous brass horn with tubing that snaked around his broad chest and rested on his shoulders .
tr	NN	Troy had the urge to roll down his window and shout at the top of his lungs .
tr	NNS	His skin reddened then grew scales .
tr	NN	Talon easily deflected the poorly executed swing of the man 's blade and kicked him again hard , this time in the chest .
tr	NN	Oh , yes , you can take up that jar of paint brushes .
tr	NN	Then Japan experienced a financial crisis in the 1990s and never rebounded .
tr	NNS	He summoned his dregs of strength and plunged his spear down .
tr	NN	" I don 't eat chocolate .
tr	NNS	" We 're all set for Friday , " he told his sons .
tr	NN	I gave him a pat on the shoulder and turned back in the direction of the gate .
tr	NNS	We the ' Guardians of Death ' will save the gods . "
tr	NN	" Nice scheme for a couple of teenagers . "
tr	NN	Cale could see the fury staining Cassidy 's cheeks .
tr	NNS	Remembering Ingrid 's scathing words about my sketches , I traced the two runes associated with Goddess Freya several times in a notebook .
tr	NN	He connected a radio receiver .
tr	NN	His hand gripped the frame as he faced her .
tr	NNS	The edges of his robe swept the tiles .
tr	NNS	Just the way he looked at her could demolish her defenses .
tr	NNS	Chapter 12 " This just in United States air drones attack areas of New York City and Los Angeles in areas of reported terrorist cells .
tr	NN	" She 's had a stroke .
tr	NNS	We 're both wearing trendy business suits and expensive shoes , and we 're groomed to near perfection .
tr	NN	You affect a brittle , adolescent humor in order to mask a deep involvement in humanity . "
tr	NN	It was a figure , about 5ft high , wearing a dressing gown , but the head , neck , arms and legs were all bandaged up .
tr	NNS	Upon arriving at the school , we received gawking stares from both guys and girls as the three of us made our way over to the gym .
tr	NNS	He followed the visual caress with his fingertips .
tr	NN	" Then I 'll book the appointment , and I 'll tell you the time and the date . "
tr	NNS	Soothing spells and power .
tr	NNS	replied the Dragon Crows .
tr	NNS	She held out her palms .
tr	NNS	Tile covered the floors , cold under my bare feet .
tr	NNS	I shouldn 't expect changes overnight .
tr	NNS	He had refused her attentions .
tr	NN	It was like chaining a tempest of wind , and was difficult even when he was strong and healthy .
tr	NNS	Emerson and I both shuck off our outer layers , and he moves to open up a second bottle of champagne .
tr	NNS	Some of them even had brains .
tr	NN	" Then why don 't you just use the stove ? "
tr	NNS	She fired off two shots , one hitting the first man in the arm , the other striking the man behind him .
tr	NN	THANK YOU , said Death .
tr	NN	' Yeah , you have a reputation .
tr	NN	Covering her hand with his , he gave it a squeeze .
tr	NNS	We had sandwiches and snacks that we 'd brought with us .
tr	NNS	" Zack , you had your chances to say everything .
tr	NNS	Nate 's horse stepped forward a few paces , then stopped .
tr	NNS	Breathless , she rotated her pelvis , wanting and needing him .
tr	NN	" Spencer and Amelia get a vote , too . "
tr	NNS	Seduced by a companionship he would never find outside of his Goddess , he has shed essential fragments of his humanity far too incrementally to have noticed .
tr	NN	Thomas felt an uneasy slice of fear .
tr	NNS	They were pointed , thin faeries , the ones that had threatened me and Kenzie , the ones that had given me the scar on my shoulder .
tr	NN	What if Andrew wrote that creepy " covet " e-mail ?
tr	NN	Paul gave an inelegant snort .
tr	NN	I watched her brows furrow in thought as she chewed at her lip a little .
tr	NNS	Some of the men , the really prime seamen , leave their Quarters stations and leap aloft .
tr	NN	Then you can return the dagger Gianni stole and Rico will let me leave .
tr	NN	She pulled a pen from her pocket and wrote something on a card .
tr	NNS	He would leave scent marks behind .
tr	NNS	Then he removed his thumbs and rubbed them through the moisture to tease her nub until she could feel the pleasure begin to build again .
tr	NNS	We 'll just cut off your thumbs and your big toes so you can 't make war no mo ' . "
tr	NN	" Got a sec ? "
tr	NNS	An unseen clock struck eleven .
tr	NNS	The animals had noticed their numbers thinning for some time .
tr	NNS	She surveyed her outrageously luxurious , outrageously expensive , surroundings before replying , to make sure she replied honestly .
tr	NNS	She made no attempts to stop me when I began ripping the back of her dress open .
tr	NN	I felt a pang in my chest ; a homesick feeling unfurled in my belly and filled me with longing .
tr	NNS	Her huge eyes followed his movements .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to rub my hands together in glee .
tr	NNS	She brandished the hourglass , and waved it in front of him , prompting him to peer closely into one of the two mirrors .
tr	NNS	He handed her a few hot pockets .
tr	NN	I make a delicious eyeball stew . "
tr	NNS	He sucked down great gulps of blood until his friend 's heart stuttered , and then finally , inevitably , stopped .
tr	NNS	Biker sects cruised the main roads on their motorbikes shouting to each other , their words whipped away from me by the wind .
tr	NN	Only cost you a buck . "
tr	NN	" The victim that day had an outstanding warrant on him , and a trunk full of stolen weapons .
tr	NNS	She 'd sent the water and tissue samples from her river trip to him to analyze .
tr	NN	His mouth found her nipple , sucked hard .
tr	NN	He was holding a rifle .
tr	NN	At my behest , he slipped the file out of the cupboard and handed it over .
tr	NN	He called the waiter and ordered three double brandies .
tr	NN	In that time I have learned patience .
tr	NN	We have assumed command of this vessel and are working to maintain stability and repair the ship .
tr	NNS	" By entering into this union , you pool your strengths and shore your weaknesses .
tr	NN	She saw a newspaper article .
tr	NN	She flared pewter , forcing herself to keep moving .
tr	NN	I placed a new damp cloth on Garrick 's forehead and he sighed .
tr	NN	Want a burger and fries ? "
tr	NNS	We 've run all the simulations .
tr	NNS	Rann did not have difficulties . "
tr	NN	The adept put the cloth aside and started mixing some medicinal herbs .
tr	NN	He picked up his briefcase , opened it , pulled out a thick fold of high-quality newsprint .
tr	NN	" Kobolds rarely make such a claim . "
tr	NN	You have a complete file downloaded on me ? "
tr	NN	As usual she picked up a pillow off her bed and threw it at me with vampiric speed .
tr	NN	Just then Eyes gave out a yell as he landed with a thud at their feet .
tr	NNS	With nothing left to do , I studied my surroundings , trying to make sense of the odd situation .
tr	NN	You have the code , right ? "
tr	NN	She couldn 't fight the urge .
tr	NNS	Still , the story didn 't explain the runes .
tr	NNS	I 've had enough child development classes to make the obvious connection .
tr	NN	In the lobby , I approached the porter .
tr	NN	" I loved your version of ' Thunder ' .
tr	NN	She needed an avenue for her anger .
tr	NNS	" Nothing will happen , " she predicted , superstitious about it .
tr	NN	Those people needed a boot in the face .
tr	NN	In America , they use electricity to shock people to death . "
tr	NNS	Occasionally , the men would run their knives through a sharpener attached to the bench .
tr	NN	Initially , she would just grab a simple outfit from each of the stores , complete with underwear and accessories and shoes .
tr	NN	They requested an update , and as per instructions they were informed of the delay but an overall smooth campaign . "
tr	NNS	" But that won 't work because you and Maya would be nullified as well , you would have no abilities . "
tr	NN	I dropped the curtain and wrapped my arms tightly around my chest .
tr	NN	" And I wanted an update on Aria . "
tr	NNS	Even in a strange neighborhood like this , we couldn 't take any chances .
tr	NNS	The front plates of the cabinet had knobs and dials and banks of switches .
tr	NN	Kerr opened her briefcase once more and pressed a brass fitting .
tr	NNS	She was draining her Jewels and he hadn 't tapped his yet .
tr	NN	" Only my location .
tr	NNS	she implored the heavens .
tr	NNS	Tonight , the gods have finally answered my prayers .
tr	NNS	" You 've arrested my senses and I can 't seem to get enough of you .
tr	NN	He picked up a gnarled branch and handed it to her .
tr	NN	' I tell ya , behaviour like that is a God damn insult to everything your family stood for . '
tr	NNS	" See the babies ? "
tr	NNS	Ye have all studied the heavens , and therefore ye know that the universe is comprised of clusters of stars .
tr	NN	He gave her shoulders a squeeze .
tr	NN	She looked a little sheepish , " I 've not had great luck with men . "
tr	NN	Minutes before Howard 's chopper reached altitude there was engine failure and the chopper fell from the sky and plunged into the ocean in total darkness .
tr	NN	Andy gripped his rifle hard and gulped .
tr	NN	And I 'm already seeing wreckage ? "
tr	NN	But her words lacked the conviction they should have .
tr	NN	You 've placed a blight on the land , stripping us of our water and food .
tr	NN	A worker carried a basket of fresh fish and seaweed to the cage , dropped it , and fled .
tr	NN	Then again , " You neglected the Cup . "
tr	NN	She pushed the swing back and forth slowly , her feet never leaving the ground .
tr	NNS	He found the two loose disks and studied how to add them .
tr	NNS	I despise the sisters .
tr	NN	Charlie passed the document to Todd .
tr	NN	Just checkin ' the timing to boot . "
tr	NNS	" Praise the gods who have sent you back .
tr	NN	She eyed the sheath of fabric with curiosity .
tr	NN	" Hey , it even has furniture . "
tr	NN	That should have raised a flag to all but a blind person .
tr	NNS	" Above the rains .
tr	NN	Not until he found his predestined Bride and she " blooded " him fully .
tr	NNS	" Ooh , " she said appreciatively , then took the black thigh-high stockings from the box , and laid the box on the counter .
tr	NNS	The bogeyman grinned hugely .
tr	NN	He tried the knob .
tr	NNS	" But we can probably rule out kidnappers .
tr	NN	I found an interesting side effect , though . "
tr	NN	As he approached you and asked for a dance , I had a smirk on my face , expecting you to snub him and walk away .
tr	NNS	I pressed the numbers I had memorized from looking them up on the computer screen the day before and waited for the phone to ring .
tr	NNS	Besides , it would also mar Meg 's chances of a suitable match .
tr	NNS	I wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	Have you noticed all the empty houses and empty shops ? "
tr	NN	So far he had done all the saving and none of the endangering .
tr	NNS	From my vantage point on my board , I could see folks moving their belongings into some of the homes just beyond the dunes .
tr	NNS	I plant my palms across his wide , hard chest and let myself go .
tr	NNS	Scott froze his motions as he swiveled his head slowly and looked in the direction of the growl .
tr	NN	' Don 't just stand there , Jack , mouth agape , come and sit down , ' she said and patted the sofa next to herself .
tr	NNS	Using her kinetic ability , she knocked the torches into the dirt , killing the flames .
tr	NN	Shea 's heart gave a leap , then settled into a hard , rhythmic pounding .
tr	NNS	The woman who was convinced she had no skills , no talents and no prospects , now headed a huge party business .
tr	NN	The salt from the sidewalk wreaks havoc with the finish , Larry . "
tr	NN	" If Tavi gave up the race to save your daughter , how did he win the trial ? "
tr	NN	She had faced Death and found herself solely unprepared .
tr	NNS	Not all of my missions involve terrorists or the fate of the world .
tr	NN	I feel the flutter of my lashes against my face as I blink so I know my eyes are open .
tr	NNS	I don 't have jumper cables though .
tr	NNS	" I don 't even know where to begin , " I looked past Jericho at the breathtaking view of the Carpathian Mountains .
tr	NN	He held out a large plastic menu .
tr	NNS	He wiped his palms on his jeans .
tr	NNS	Kelly opened the drapes and gasped at the beautiful view .
tr	NN	I heard the resentment in his voice .
tr	NN	They put the bowls in the dishwasher and , because it was not yet full , did not turn it on .
tr	NNS	He could practically see the cogs of her mind weighing options .
tr	NNS	I just had my suspicions . "
tr	NN	It had that inflection that men find sexy .
tr	NN	When he was a few feet away , she remembered palace protocol and dropped her pen and note pad while she dipped into a deep curtsy .
tr	NN	Where did you find this god ?
tr	NNS	This significantly increased Brady 's chances of winning .
tr	NNS	The young woman sang her bitter taunts .
tr	NNS	I reap the benefits . "
tr	NN	With an equal amount of deliberation , he ate that brownie .
tr	NN	I took the magazine out of the Heckler and Koch , and jammed it in one of my pockets .
tr	NNS	I 've excavated al sorts of ruins , especial y those where there 's a chance of genocide .
tr	NNS	" I got some supplies to fix this place a bit .
tr	NNS	Then , possibly , I could put my tired carcass back between the cool sheets and sleep a little .
tr	NNS	Shaking her head , the child made several darting hand signals .
tr	NN	She doesn 't like my uncle .
tr	NNS	The man , he 'd had much grief .
tr	NN	Olivia tucked a tight curl back .
tr	NNS	Miranda and I spent our weekends driving out to the big city shopping for all new furniture and things to fill the house with .
tr	NN	I pulled the curtain aside .
tr	NNS	Was she having doubts about everything ?
tr	NN	The opaque current resumed its flow as the boys leaned and looked .
tr	NN	" Can I have some ice cream ? "
tr	NN	Isabelle was holding an umbrella .
tr	NN	He finished the last berry and finally looked up , but not at Tristan : at me .
tr	NNS	" Infinity doesn 't follow the conditions of number or quantity .
tr	NN	" He could denounce me , " Alistair suggested , " which would open an avenue for a relative to inherit . "
tr	NN	Chris could get a glimpse of everyone .
tr	NN	" You can have a bath here .
tr	NNS	The child had scratches on her bare arms and a gash on her cheek .
tr	NN	She also offered me a comb and a brush - which I also refused .
tr	NNS	It was then she spotted two marks on Luna 's neck .
tr	NNS	They both had good brains .
tr	NNS	I 'd tell all my clients to jump in now . "
tr	NN	I looked down at the sink where my soda can lay on its side , the contents foaming down the drain .
tr	NNS	My heart skipped several beats .
tr	NNS	Normally , I don 't like distractions .
tr	NN	No cable meant no internet either .
tr	NNS	I 've been putting some important meetings off that need tending to .
tr	NNS	This speaker produced no cards or notes to assist him , nor did he exhibit a hurry to get started .
tr	NN	Vader cracked his knuckles .
tr	NN	We reached the foyer and turned toward the Grand Hall .
tr	NN	When my mother opens the door , she eyes the dictionary in my lap with suspicion .
tr	NNS	Eve shoved dishes off onto the floor , spilling the remains of tacos everywhere , and dashed for the stairs .
tr	NNS	" It started fires in hangar two and the pilots ' quarters up one deck as well .
tr	NN	" Yes , he has a farm outside Whakatane .
tr	NN	He signaled the waiter , ordered another round of drinks for their table and seated himself beside her .
tr	NN	His words made her tremble , reminding her of the note Stacy had received that night .
tr	NNS	" Except the tracker wolves .
tr	NNS	We 'd take little family salvage trips and pick up the most crazy wines you can imagine .
tr	NNS	I could feel my ribs trying to dislodge .
tr	NNS	Joanna was sent the photographs at Christmastime , told to start sending them to Eleanor in February .
tr	NN	The engineer heard something splashing in the sluice drain , something big . "
tr	NN	I felt something blossom inside me like a mushroom cloud , filling me with an inner fire .
tr	NN	The giant lightly tapped his uncle on the head and dropping the table leg took up the unconscious old man in the other arm .
tr	NNS	You don 't have any excuses for not doing that .
tr	NN	Each question broke a rib , puncturing my lungs and forcing the air out in rasps .
tr	NNS	No doubt they revealed all the strengths and weaknesses that a Hunter would need to know .
tr	NNS	He leaned closer to her , his lips inches from hers .
tr	NNS	He wiped his bleeding knuckles on his pants and returned the equipment .
tr	NN	She wore her straight black hair parted in the middle , straight to her shoulders with a small upward curve at the ends .
tr	NN	As the chairman , I call a vote .
tr	NN	A little boy called Nobody . "
tr	NN	And Viktor sealed his fate the night he defiled her with his blood and his hatred and his sedition . "
tr	NN	" But let 's not get off topic .
tr	NN	The fingers that had been teasing her lips now stroked her jawline as though testing it for defiance .
tr	NN	I 've slowed the bleeding , but we have to act fast .
tr	NN	Of course I could take Jael 's advice and charge it to Chancellor Tarn .
tr	NNS	Aimee picks up the spray paint cans and holds them close to her .
tr	NN	But then last year her mother had thrown a wrench into her carefully laid out plans .
tr	NNS	Hewitt lifted it a few inches off the table , then slammed it down .
tr	NNS	When I couldn 't hold my breath any longer , I took a few strokes back up towards the light and broke through the surface .
tr	NNS	It only costs him a few bucks .
tr	NN	Diego conceded the argument .
tr	NNS	" Cost you fifty bucks to find out . "
tr	NNS	I rub my temples .
tr	NNS	He didn 't have the balls -- Xi Dong 's other knee , his good knee , dissolved into a sea of white-hot needles .
tr	NN	What the devil does she want now ?
tr	NN	Then Charlie remembered a reception Barrett had organized for a visiting speaker .
tr	NNS	If it were not for my broken leg I would be out there lugging bits of boats . "
tr	NNS	I 'd known her for two weeks and was enjoying the mystique of our after hours meetings in the Malagasy Embassy to the United Nations .
tr	NNS	They had some beers , and they smelled of bleach from bleaching out the bathrooms .
tr	NNS	A feral gasping that lifted the hairs on her arms and the back of her neck .
tr	NNS	- some credit cards , and a folded piece of paper . "
tr	NNS	We have allies , certainly .
tr	NN	He tapped his pen against the desk , thinking about various ways to approach this case .
tr	NN	Simon slammed the jeep into gear and pressed down hard on the gas .
tr	NNS	Those who weren 't sleeping rocked babies in their arms , read paperbacks , played cards , prayed .
tr	NN	I passed the vial under my nose .
tr	NN	Raising her hand , he kissed her knuckles , then let her go .
tr	NNS	" Maybe they have families they 're just trying to provide for . "
tr	NNS	Surely they must have had paranormal powers to have avoided capture for so long !
tr	NNS	" If you are not murdered by the border guards , KGB , or angry bears , the postal service will eat your babies . "
tr	NNS	" I 'm calling just to remind you the television crew will be doing their interviews next week .
tr	NN	Grateful for the invitation , he 'd brought a small bouquet of flowers and a bottle of wine .
tr	NNS	She 'd already made arrangements with the school 's videographer to pay special attention to her in her scenes in the play performance on Saturday night .
tr	NN	" I 'm transferring a file .
tr	NNS	Toward the end of that first day , we dodged Freak patrols like it was our reason for living .
tr	NN	Where can I find a vet that 's open ? "
tr	NN	Kai did leave me the trident .
tr	NNS	" You gave me multiple orgasms and never hurt me .
tr	NN	Malcolm crawled in behind me , and seconds before Dad walked in , I yanked his comforter farther off the bed to hide us .
tr	NN	He fixed the chariot but the man had no money .
tr	NN	" Why do you need protection from me ? "
tr	NN	They regarded the leopard ; it regarded them ; no one moved .
tr	NNS	Once we have a House , a Senate and a Council fully established , each body would vote three members to the Presidential Cabinet .
tr	NN	" Sign this document that states you will never divulge the contents of the Renoir Will or the financial status of the estate .
tr	NNS	So respect her talents as well as she will respect yours .
tr	NNS	" Kid , I got interests all over this city . "
tr	NN	She rode her bicycle to Heritage Park and sat in the shade of the pavilion until school was over .
tr	NNS	Eat our brains ? "
tr	NNS	I wouldn 't be taking these stupid classes otherwise .
tr	NN	The younger ferryman offered no argument .
tr	NN	" I can 't take the credit .
tr	NNS	The town itself had only several buildings , mainly a store , blacksmith , inn , town hall , and other such establishments .
tr	NNS	He and the older woman exchanged fond greetings ; he was obviously a regular and well-liked , which didn 't surprise Anne Marie .
tr	NN	Why do you want revenge on Liana ? "
tr	NN	Only the wind had taken pity and broken its fall .
tr	NNS	He pocketed the fake fangs and abruptly poked me in the sides , causing me to jerk further into him .
tr	NN	Maybe he should get a motorcycle .
tr	NN	I spit vomit from my lips .
tr	NN	She tried the knob again , but again , it held .
tr	NN	Mathis watched the lid being secured .
tr	NNS	I rub my sweaty palms together and walk into the room .
tr	NN	The emerald patterned silk brought out her fiery coloring and made her dark eyes take on a green shade .
tr	NNS	And if we could awaken the herder , the herder could guide the dinosaurs back to the ship . "
tr	NNS	Or lost your brains and gone wandering and fallen into a dam and drowned . "
tr	NN	Once the fire was out , she threw the empty canister down and started digging through the rubble .
tr	NNS	You and Logan were only defending yourselves .
tr	NNS	I rang up several hospitals and I was lucky .
tr	NN	Tales From Hale brings you a wide range of emotions in a very short time .
tr	NNS	She put his studs and cuff links in his shirt and tied his tie for him .
tr	NN	Like opening a clinic in Africa ?
tr	NN	Ali began pacing as his eyes bounced from the skies around us to the paths ahead of us .
tr	NNS	The shadows from the trio behind me play tricks on my eyes as I attempt to descend the stairs .
tr	NNS	Maggie removed the candles from the fireplace mantle and set them on the table .
tr	NNS	Anna put the plates she held on the table and touched Thomas 's large hand gripping her wrist .
tr	NNS	Touching you is not like petting the dogs . "
tr	NNS	When are we hitting the slopes again ?
tr	NNS	He gave it a few more tugs , grunting , and finally it pulled from his penis with a horrid popping noise .
tr	NN	She 'd lost the rifle , but her crossbow and arrows were around her neck and she had a knife strapped to her thigh .
tr	NN	" David sprang a research article on me to complete .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down her spine .
tr	NNS	" Surrounding objects breed the senses .
tr	NNS	We have black hearts , but they 're beautiful . "
tr	NNS	I dream restlessly , wild , loud and colorful visions I cannot recall at all as soon as my eyes open .
tr	NN	Zane resisted the urge to look over his shoulder again .
tr	NNS	Bastian walked a few paces to her right and Roku a few to her left .
tr	NNS	In addition , he gave Moses several hundred dollars in cash for Amy .
tr	NN	A good lawyer will , of course , have the confession declared inadmissible because of Freddie 's mental state , but it will make the news .
tr	NN	As quickly as he had come , he crossed the terrace , descended the wall , and slipped back inside the library .
tr	NNS	I toss the plates and the minions all run to the living room to finish watching the marathon of Christmas cartoons .
tr	NN	A beat up grey Cadillac pulling up at the curb just in front of the main building .
tr	NN	You might call it fate . "
tr	NNS	Camille had her doubts , but five million bucks was ample motivation to yield to the designer 's quirks .
tr	NN	They wanted the Jew who had fought them and struck them , and that one they could not find .
tr	NN	It took pure willpower to keep her posture good and her smile in place .
tr	NNS	' You know the photographs on the wall ? '
tr	NN	We 're focusing on the personal essay this semester .
tr	NN	" If I 'm not a prisoner , surely I rate this simple consideration . "
tr	NN	I grabbed a handful of his hair as he kissed me .
tr	NNS	One of them involves hospital gowns .
tr	NN	Like , ' Don 't dredge that pond or send in divers .
tr	NN	You mustn 't mention courtship when we are back with the others . "
tr	NNS	He 's got issues .
tr	NNS	But every moment they 'd been together , Smith confounded her expectations ... and exceeded what she 'd believed to be the limits of her heart .
tr	NN	From my vantage point , I could see all the bright blues and greens in her eyes .
tr	NNS	" Man , you people have amazingly bad social skills . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't feed any bears you might see . "
tr	NNS	I had the best tutors .
tr	NNS	" How could you not worship the gods ?
tr	NN	Opening his hand , Hodge released the bird , who circled his head as he flew up to the skylight and then vanished .
tr	NN	The foreign sensation of fullness between her legs made her moan and sigh , her body tossing and turning under him .
tr	NNS	A soft knock at the door unleashed a million butterflies in her stomach .
tr	NNS	He 'd destroyed better witches than her , and he could destroy her , too .
tr	NNS	Their eyes searched the waters .
tr	NNS	She had taken the items out often and thought about her dad .
tr	NN	He just did his duty , and it was probably one of the hardest duties he 's ever had to carry out . "
tr	NN	That is called privacy .
tr	NNS	On weekends , Harriet and I usually made golf dates with another couple .
tr	NNS	They 'll forget their doubts and their questions and once again be in rapture with me , with what I can do . "
tr	NN	But he really liked the fudge .
tr	NN	If you die to protect me , I will lose respect for you . "
tr	NNS	What do you mean plague ? "
tr	NN	Today he was wearing a kilt with a long sleeved striped shirt and flip flops .
tr	NNS	It landed mere centimeters from my head .
tr	NN	He 's using a remote server . "
tr	NN	" Give me a glimpse ... just one glimpse . "
tr	NNS	That same odd mixture of creepiness and flattery raised my short hairs .
tr	NN	This latest development had thrown a monkey wrench into the whole plan .
tr	NN	These words instantly turned the current of feeling in the vast assembly .
tr	NN	' Hand over your cargo and I promise you that you won 't be killed all in one go . '
tr	NNS	She was telling someone directions to Keith 's house !
tr	NNS	" I mean , I noticed the trip wires , the poisoned darts and the hanging stones on my way up . "
tr	NN	You used your favor to keep me locked upstairs so I wouldn 't find out about this . "
tr	NNS	John exclaimed , breathless with excitement .
tr	NNS	The fighters launched missiles into the gap , and the ship started to crumble from the inside .
tr	NNS	The terrible onslaught took the living armies by surprise and struck fear into hearts of the scrambling soldiers .
tr	NN	I said one quarter of his labor and none of his own food .
tr	NNS	She forced steady breaths .
tr	NN	Andrew , as ever , maintained tight self-control .
tr	NN	Steven resisted the urge to go to her .
tr	NN	Turning aircraft into straight and level flight . "
tr	NNS	After a few minutes , I feel dizzy .
tr	NN	Instead of dust and disuse , Sabrina smelled fresh hay , shavings and oats .
tr	NN	If Henry VI had been a strong king he might have brushed the claim and the past aside .
tr	NN	She pulled out a notepad and read some notes .
tr	NN	I lift the needle up , and carefully prick the pin into the walker 's arm and begin extracting blood slowly .
tr	NNS	She still drew some stares , especially in the lunchroom with Jonathan .
tr	NN	She touched the tablecloth -- was that silk ?
tr	NN	Where 'd you find this lemon ? "
tr	NNS	The heavy door popped open a few inches , then slowly began to cycle open , swinging out on hidden hydraulics .
tr	NNS	The man beside her was definitely controlling her movements .
tr	NNS	She was frozen in place , her nerve endings going wild , her body flooding with warmth as his thumbs turned her nipples into hardened nubs .
tr	NNS	Instead of sixty or seventy years together , they could have centuries .
tr	NNS	Did you bring a compass ? "
tr	NNS	Her body sent her signals to stop running in this condition .
tr	NNS	And neither of us have suits . "
tr	NNS	The man flipped through a few more pages of handwritten notes .
tr	NNS	He waved his chopsticks in the air , shifting again to the voice of his father .
tr	NNS	The apartments in which no one lives - hundreds of them and all full of the possessions people had , like family photographs and clothes .
tr	NNS	" My mother has visions , visions the Ancients use to communicate with our family .
tr	NNS	She pulled down his boxers and smiled like a Cheshire cat .
tr	NN	He pulled the recliner in front of the fire place .
tr	NNS	The creatures were moving faster as a single unit now , their motions erratic and unsteady , but unwavering .
tr	NN	They 're attempting an emergency landing .
tr	NN	LaRouche returned an icy glare with a smirk on his face .
tr	NN	Well , at least it did this decrepit . '
tr	NN	Why remove a Queen who was healthy and able ?
tr	NN	* Lavina 's next big hurdle was visiting the farm .
tr	NN	" Is there a reason why you won 't have me finish the presentation ? "
tr	NN	Her weight had no effect on him .
tr	NNS	" Showing two unknown vessels .
tr	NN	Elvira says ' topside , ' so topside we go .
tr	NNS	A second shadow skirted the cool confines of the forest , distracting me .
tr	NN	He took a pencil out of his pocket and cautiously lifted the top half of the bun on his plate .
tr	NN	Arik cut a nasty glare at his brother that she couldn 't even begin to fathom .
tr	NNS	As soon as his feet touched the ground , he hurled two small knives .
tr	NNS	" What do you think your chances of getting pregnant are ? "
tr	NN	I hiked my backpack higher and tried to rid my mind of him .
tr	NN	I walked down the spiral staircase to a quiet palace .
tr	NN	She looked down the row and it must have continued for a hundred yards before she saw the end .
tr	NNS	It far exceeded any expectations that he had ... that any of us had .
tr	NNS	Had Gabby had any wild cravings ?
tr	NN	" Why the airport ? "
tr	NNS	That made four members of the merchant council in his custody .
tr	NN	We 'll make a great onscreen duo !
tr	NN	Of course Henry kept a slice for himself , # 1,000 a year , an enormous sum in 1485 .
tr	NNS	She cried out the doubts that her sister had passed to her with her words that had built up for years .
tr	NN	I lifted the lid to the crate .
tr	NN	Raising it up , he loaded an iron bolt and swung it around at me .
tr	NNS	Emblems on the containers , flashing in the light , showed addresses from different places all over the world .
tr	NNS	To her relief , she could also see buildings in the distance .
tr	NNS	Gibb changed his smirks ; it was obvious he detested the mass tort game .
tr	NN	He moved a little strand of hair back from her face .
tr	NNS	I have a few more interviews to give .
tr	NNS	As Eve plunged the length of her blade through the vulnerable flesh created by the missing forelimb , she felt massive talons tearing into her spine .
tr	NNS	He wore important suits only for exceptional events .
tr	NN	said a familiar , half growl of a voice .
tr	NN	She waves her fork at me .
tr	NNS	She would make soft , breathy noises ; I knew that from her sigh when George had asked her to leave .
tr	NN	She 'd always have a ' theme ' for the wrappings .
tr	NNS	" And , whenever I move around too much , I get dizzy . "
tr	NNS	I heard a soft hiss .
tr	NN	And maybe then she 'd find a little slice of happiness in her life .
tr	NN	Ice heard Dale snort derisively .
tr	NNS	Aden 's boisterous laugh surprised his three companions and for a moment they were silent with shock .
tr	NNS	" Two million dollars to her grandson Smithson , two million dollars to her grandson Jonathan , and two million dollars to her granddaughter Melissa . "
tr	NNS	Why not these two bits ? "
tr	NNS	Doesn 't know the tricks of the trade yet .
tr	NN	Nik released the closure of her skirt , allowing the fabric to skim down her hips and pool at her feet .
tr	NN	As Carol laid down the law I loaded the dishwasher and cleaned the kitchen counters .
tr	NNS	She favored knots and scars and twists over anything smooth or linear .
tr	NN	" Ken , and Chris , tomorrow you will make your presentation to the Board .
tr	NN	" I see perfection .
tr	NNS	Tilting my head slightly , I could see the scratches from the prostitute on my cheek .
tr	NN	The beauty of it brought a shine of emotion to Nicole 's eyes .
tr	NN	Gray 's mind tracked the implication .
tr	NNS	Becky took deep breaths and tried to stay focused .
tr	NN	Everything about it brought back a flood of unwanted memories .
tr	NN	He tapped his temple .
tr	NN	He loads the dishwasher while I dump the empty bottle of wine in the chrome bin with the ' recycle ' icon .
tr	NNS	Some of the bikers left their helmets on their bikes not thinking it was that big of a deal in this little quiet town .
tr	NN	At one minute to the hour he entered his password and watched as the software recognised , and listed attendees on the conference call .
tr	NNS	Developing my innate skills , wherever I may find them .
tr	NNS	" Yeah - but you 've heard Kay 's revenge methods , right ?
tr	NNS	" Your rights ! "
tr	NN	Meanwhile , he undid her ponytail and combed his fingers through her hair , messing it up beyond redemption and creating shivers across her scalp .
tr	NN	' What devil could breed such envy among so many wise men ? '
tr	NN	She stripped away his resistance , piece by piece .
tr	NN	He 'd dropped the yellow cloth and it lay next to his body .
tr	NN	A million nervous butterflies took wing in Elena 's stomach as she followed Andrei down the hall toward the Council meeting room .
tr	NNS	Since Livi is only sixteen , we never have any classes together so I only get to see her on weekends .
tr	NNS	John collected the dogs from outside and returned to the table .
tr	NNS	Either way , he 's invoking the powers of hell . "
tr	NNS	Riley found three blades , a syringe of something and a Taser .
tr	NN	Alexey and Anatoly produced a good impression on the boys , even though they 'd known them for less than thirty minutes .
tr	NN	Cassie picked a pancake from the top of a pile , rolled it in her hands , and bit into it like a piece of licorice .
tr	NN	I made a quick assessment -- he was mostly covered by his robes , but his face was cut up and his hair disheveled .
tr	NNS	I view the waters .
tr	NNS	Seeing my dead body had mixed reactions in me .
tr	NNS	Let me feel this pain , she begged the mechanisms of her mind .
tr	NN	It 's giving me a complex .
tr	NNS	On the other side ... Revolution Riot - Only one match from last night 's show makes the high points , but what a match it was .
tr	NNS	Silo 49 doesn 't keep medical data on their computers for some reason so I have no access to it at all .
tr	NNS	The women used drugs in the bathroom .
tr	NN	With her , I could renegotiate a whole new pact with our Mother .
tr	NNS	Fifty yards away , a man lay sprawled on the ground , his rifle just inches from his fingers .
tr	NN	There , he meets a deadly assassin of the Faceless Men , who nearly murders him .
tr	NNS	They strode down corridors , up flights of stairs , and around and around until she hadn 't the slightest chance of finding her way out again .
tr	NN	" I once painted a unicorn for my graduate thesis exhibition .
tr	NNS	He heard his tank air hiss as the pressure equalized in his suit .
tr	NN	Tony got the furniture .
tr	NN	As they neared ever closer , Tasha noted the elegant curving moat that flowed endlessly about the outskirts of the fortress ' perimeter .
tr	NN	Hades kept the helm continually by his side .
tr	NN	Jason swallowed a groan .
tr	NN	Who the hell burns incense any more ?
tr	NN	He finished his task , cradled the wheel in one arm , and found his gun .
tr	NN	For Mike the sound symbolized a musical threshold to something unworldly .
tr	NN	He sucked her nipple deep inside his mouth before lightly clamping his teeth down , causing a surge of wetness to soak her panties .
tr	NNS	She left no tracks as she removed herself from the scene so he could do his job without worrying about her .
tr	NN	He had a tag tied around his big toe .
tr	NNS	Tara had learned some new tricks since their breakup .
tr	NN	He gave me the pistol rather than find hisself arrested . "
tr	NNS	As it became clear that their position would soon be overrun Herbert told his two companions to escape while they could .
tr	NN	Specifically , why they can 't share the technology with us .
tr	NN	But what did Messick call HIV ?
tr	NNS	She resumed the sword movements in front of his face .
tr	NN	Some would burn the witch , such is the time , but her power 's gone quiet , and they take her in .
tr	NNS	" Eighteen dollars ? "
tr	NNS	So the next show , I told some more jokes about Frank 's family .
tr	NN	She licked her lips , both hands gripping the shaft .
tr	NN	" Don 't try that compulsion crap on me anymore .
tr	NN	Noah gave her shoulder a gentle squeeze that showed he loved her more than any words could have explained .
tr	NNS	Someone could be imitating her , someone could have audio samples of her voice .
tr	NN	She kept the hem of her dress hitched in one fist , a mesmerizing dichotomy in her formal gown and bare feet .
tr	NN	Margie didn 't like Sid 's night strolling , but agreed to keep her door closed .
tr	NN	" You drive a hard bargain . "
tr	NNS	He had seen the Prefect 's data .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms against his cheeks , making his lips pooch out .
tr	NN	I 'll bring the Cup back . "
tr	NNS	All you have to do is follow your instincts . "
tr	NNS	She still makes and uses her own soapy creations , and she sometimes bakes brownies , cupcakes , and cookies .
tr	NNS	He pressed his hardness against her rear end , loving the way he fit into her delicate curves .
tr	NN	A thick rush of moisture immediately coated his cock and she sucked in a breath .
tr	NN	Her body hit a branch and broke it in half , sending the heavy jaguar careening against the trunk and finally off of her .
tr	NN	Never ever take a star for granted , Despite how minute and outlying they may seem .
tr	NNS	I didn 't trust my instincts anymore .
tr	NN	Deni still felt the ache of their rough lovemaking , and knew she carried his seed inside her .
tr	NN	I couldn 't feel any respect for myself if I took it . '
tr	NNS	Sini wiped the palms of her hands on the front of her leotard .
tr	NNS	Shielding my eyes , I counted three silhouettes at the end of the beam .
tr	NNS	However , learning intermediate spells will be a nearly impossible endeavor until you 've mastered the beginner level .
tr	NNS	She took several more deep breaths .
tr	NNS	They held their great shields above them like a roof , while in their midst they bore two trunks of mighty trees .
tr	NNS	The hallway contained cameras at each end .
tr	NNS	She had her own issues and wasn 't going to get any crazy ideas about us .
tr	NNS	They might eventually trace the IP numbers we used . "
tr	NN	He scratches his short , full beard with the other hand , mud colored eyes fixed on me in frustration .
tr	NNS	Now I could see fine drops of blood misting out from between his cracked lips .
tr	NN	" Since I caught a glimpse of your bare bottom .
tr	NN	Doomed that impetuous modern fledgling who had dared to fashion garbled songs of bits and pieces of old truths .
tr	NNS	The Shadowhunter interested in its history can find older models displayed in libraries and museum collections of older Institutes .
tr	NN	" You play football very well .
tr	NN	She 'd learned that lesson over Christmas , which had otherwise been a miserable time for her .
tr	NNS	Zombies don 't use knives .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	" Saul not only has a most vivid and fertile imagination , but also believes he has the right to disturb others with his reveries . "
tr	NN	Hopefully just a small version of the world .
tr	NNS	He batted his eyelashes at me and started loosening his tie .
tr	NN	She saw his dedication to the task in his eyes .
tr	NN	' We 're planning a trip , ' I told her brightly , tracing the beaming face on the front of her latest card .
tr	NN	Mrs. Cooper somehow mixed chocolate and peanut butter in her ice cream , and the results were incredible .
tr	NNS	It had marble floors , gold framed paintings and a beautiful crystal chandelier .
tr	NNS	Before she could protest , he grabbed her thighs , lifted her up , and slammed her against the wall , hard .
tr	NNS	They 'd try all sorts of stimulants .
tr	NNS	Rohr flipped pages for a second so the drama wouldn 't be rushed .
tr	NNS	The pizza dough bubbles inside the bottle .
tr	NN	When the rager sensation began , Gregor felt his spirits lifting .
tr	NN	We are making it a teaching tool that won 't be seen as a chore to our children .
tr	NN	She must look an absolute fright .
tr	NN	I still have the video ! "
tr	NNS	" We should reach the islands soon after dark .
tr	NNS	And while the seekers worked on this task , beloved Mother brought forth many new forms for the warrior children .
tr	NN	I got a vague pang of worry about Jackson .
tr	NNS	With that in mind a sultry smile forms on her thin red lips along with a twinkle in her eye .
tr	NNS	" Like hunting a deer . "
tr	NN	Nor could she put aside the possibility that he was completely insane .
tr	NN	I have a spare half-hour .
tr	NN	Her mind shut down the possibility that the elder had seen the same thing .
tr	NNS	" Stick your eyeballs back in their sockets , Shane .
tr	NN	Freezing wind blew litter along backstreets abandoned by people who 'd overspent at Christmas .
tr	NN	asked the scientist realizing that Nameless Andrew was looking at a group of such creatures residing on one of the cliffs .
tr	NNS	What sort of nerd lined pens up like that ?
tr	NNS	FIDO laid out these items outside the train .
tr	NN	Blue knew the gesture well .
tr	NN	" Maybe not , " he conceded , " but I take responsibility for what happens under my command . "
tr	NN	Then it took a careful step backwards ... And dozens of needles all fired straight into its face .
tr	NN	It was safe to say , even though Leah hadn 't told him , she didn 't like opera .
tr	NNS	She just had too many issues and it would be inconsiderate for her to make anyone sit around and wait for her as she dealt with them .
tr	NN	She could feel his sudden indecision as he realized what the vampire was doing .
tr	NN	I felt goosebumps cascade down my arm , the fires of desire starting to burn within me .
tr	NN	" We 'll have the element of surprise on our side .
tr	NNS	He handed her some forms .
tr	NN	They angled down the hill until they were only a few meters from the road , then paralleled it for another hundred meters .
tr	NNS	Seven , he amended the numbers in his head .
tr	NNS	The food helped immensely .
tr	NN	Kids sense fear , they 're like sharks , " she created a dorsal fin with her hand and cut through imaginary water with a wiggling movement .
tr	NNS	" I 'm just busting your balls , Megan . "
tr	NNS	Julian 's gaze shot daggers .
tr	NNS	Xavier stepped nearer to her .
tr	NNS	Guys like that don 't get second chances .
tr	NNS	" At best she 'll get visitation rights ; at worst , joint custody .
tr	NN	But the implied promise of news helped Patti thaw .
tr	NNS	Once back at the boat , they donned their swim suits , swam , and splashed happily in the clear cold water of the lake .
tr	NNS	The Mayor accused some Council members of hindering his inquiries as to who was involved .
tr	NNS	We observe data through these senses and we apply the sensation of meaning to them .
tr	NN	Now , this quick , lethal woman had bought me a golden brown silk blouse that I thought was perfectly lovely .
tr	NNS	He had condoms in his room .
tr	NN	They liked the dumb mechanic you were engaged to .
tr	NNS	The boys made groaning noises as they carried the card table out of the room and up to ours .
tr	NNS	We have very close ties to a family of humans ... " " The ones who work your cattle empire , " she interrupted .
tr	NN	You couldn 't have possibility known about our baby .
tr	NNS	They took the mirrors and looked at them with surprise and wonder .
tr	NNS	" Does anyone remember our traitor troubles ?
tr	NN	And by my estimate , Van had the privilege of being , oh ... my ten thousandth one of those .
tr	NN	Frustrated , Mia dropped her napkin on her empty plate and reached for her glass of wine .
tr	NN	I stop the treadmill and grab my water bottle and iPhone from the cup holder .
tr	NN	A prickle of unease ran down Cheyenne 's spine .
tr	NN	He stuffed all his candy in his pockets and placed a Mirror Mint on his tongue .
tr	NNS	She could see the buildings on fire and the nearest tenement exploding , its walls falling into the street .
tr	NNS	We 've got medical supplies in our jeep . "
tr	NN	They too have the spaceman ´ s technology .
tr	NNS	' Calvin , if I took those I 'd have nightmares of being back in Saint Tropez . '
tr	NN	This stump is killing my butt . "
tr	NN	Began the magistrate , a pale , sickly man with a wispy moustache and soulful eyes behind a pair of spectacles .
tr	NN	A shiver shot up my spine .
tr	NNS	Putting the remaining little shops like those around here out of business .
tr	NN	He pushes the toe of his shoe into the street dirt and flicks it up .
tr	NN	As if she 'd never been ill , she spun off the bench and ran towards King Owain , who clasped her to him .
tr	NN	I wouldn 't rather have a goldfish after all . "
tr	NNS	He would also join the students later for coffee .
tr	NN	Blake touches the lump in his pocket that is Mallory 's engagement ring .
tr	NN	I created a persona .
tr	NN	" Anderson wanted revenge , " I say instead , " for what I did to his legs .
tr	NNS	Even he had restrictions as far as interfering went .
tr	NN	Ramirez hurled a second shaft of green light at him , but it splashed against an unseen barrier a foot away from his body .
tr	NNS	Clouds of sparkling color surrounded her like ribbons of fine sea kelp .
tr	NN	Growing impatient , he finally took a true swing at her .
tr	NNS	Sergio smiled thinly and pressed a button on the arm of his captain 's chair .
tr	NN	" I won 't have an ultrasound for several weeks . "
tr	NNS	But when I pulled it from the napkin , I noticed the blood smears on the white linen .
tr	NN	A larger street stretched away up the hill , lined with small shops and houses .
tr	NNS	" Give me your numbers . "
tr	NN	" Wow , " I said , a quick exhalation that didn 't at all cover what I was seeing .
tr	NN	You 'll never have the misfortune to meet a colder or more vicious man . "
tr	NNS	But along the way , the travelers encounter all new dangers , both on land as well as in the sea .
tr	NN	She could 've sent an owl .
tr	NN	However , reflexively , he opened the cage and tugged the false animal out .
tr	NNS	I placed the dishes in the sink and looked in on my parents .
tr	NN	This meant twenty-seven of the one hundred forty eight plants were in some kind of trouble .
tr	NNS	" Before I came here I 'd never seen a deer . "
tr	NN	He kissed her knuckles .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples with her fingertips .
tr	NN	The attic has no protection at all . "
tr	NNS	They mended pots , sewed uniforms and did other odd jobs .
tr	NNS	I lowered his boxers over his hips , and he helped me get them off by lifting his hips slightly .
tr	NNS	She was staring daggers at him .
tr	NNS	Before I 'd had expectations .
tr	NN	He wanted his Bride back , and would have her again if it killed him .
tr	NNS	" Every word carries unspoken assumptions . "
tr	NN	" Outside the department .
tr	NNS	In the end , he couldn 't make the payments on the mortgage , and he lost the ranch .
tr	NN	Every man alive recognized impending doom when a woman took that tone of voice , even one who had never married .
tr	NN	I grabbed the back elastic of her little thong and pulled her back toward the edge of the bed .
tr	NN	He compared the sketch of the pyramid to the original .
tr	NN	Eventually all the thoughts wore the hunter down .
tr	NN	You could join the squad if you were fast and slapdash and hasty .
tr	NNS	In the same vein , a trip to the store yielded a few more supplies than he would regularly stock .
tr	NNS	" You gave me a few scares out there . "
tr	NNS	" I 've developed two mouths to feed my appetite !
tr	NN	DIRECTLY BEHIND THE pub the parking lot had been closed off and turned into a service yard .
tr	NNS	Romans loved politics the way Americans loved baseball .
tr	NNS	The first floor had retail shops .
tr	NN	And Wesley Boss , as she knows him , wasn 't wearing a uniform .
tr	NN	He couldn 't explain the zing he felt when she touched him , when her soft lips touched his .
tr	NN	Joe reorganized the candy near the register and threw away an empty box .
tr	NNS	I looked over her data and keep coming back with three ties to the Bitcoins .
tr	NN	She was still wearing a house gown but this one had a different pattern .
tr	NN	I can 't get anybody . "
tr	NNS	She wore black slacks , black flats and a white button down top .
tr	NNS	So he changed clips by feel alone , then rose cautiously to his feet .
tr	NNS	There was no further discussion , only settling the arrangements .
tr	NN	" He won 't answer his phone , I 've been calling him non-stop .
tr	NN	Wrap the rope around their stomachs and then tie up their wrists . "
tr	NNS	Her dog had amazing instincts .
tr	NNS	She flashed her fangs again .
tr	NNS	But I mean robots that really look like a human being , in every detail . "
tr	NNS	He would surely love these beautiful silk ties .
tr	NN	Once they landed , Sam regained consciousness .
tr	NN	Washed out carpets covered the second story landing .
tr	NN	Curious , she inserted the port into her computer .
tr	NN	" In the meanwhile , " Mrs. Randall continued , " we have before us the task of dealing with the pandemonium our ghostly callers have created .
tr	NNS	The nurse opened the heavy drapes , but the sun had already set .
tr	NNS	He knew the dates of all his leaves .
tr	NN	But already I feel a hitch in my throat , and I fight back a tear .
tr	NN	" Give me a sec to power down before you come all the way in . "
tr	NNS	Medical training marched gory scenarios of shattered bones through her mind .
tr	NNS	The loss of the Holey killed any chances of more money , sir " " Keep watching , Hunter out . "
tr	NN	" On the less than clean towel . "
tr	NNS	An occasional break in the foliage revealed dirt roads cutting through the woods , some which bore signs indicating residences beyond the dense vegetation .
tr	NN	" Dear Dr. MacDonald , I once again raise my pen to write you .
tr	NN	Not all of Sol 's planets can support carbon based life forms . "
tr	NN	How could she not have thrown caution to the wind at least once in all that time ?
tr	NN	" Get me some juice ! "
tr	NNS	The bolts bounced off their shields , and slapped the metal gantry .
tr	NN	I snatch the dagger off the table in one clean swipe and dash to the restroom , locking myself inside .
tr	NN	Panic made her tremble .
tr	NN	Sir Tomas continued his pacing .
tr	NNS	And up above , near the middle of the Tower , several gashes were spewing fireballs and lightning back out at the invaders .
tr	NNS	And they 've got the numbers . '
tr	NNS	In pure terror , she ran through the smoky tunnels , absently working circulation back into her wrists .
tr	NNS	The wall to the right supported stacks of rolled scrolls .
tr	NN	He sunk his c * ck deep into her drenched sex and shuddered at the feel of her .
tr	NNS	' Innocent travelers ? '
tr	NN	I find whipped cream , maple syrup , and chocolate milk .
tr	NNS	" I hate her skinny thighs and her elitist attitude .
tr	NN	The sheikh hands a gold pen to the Grand Uncle and the body guard turns the papers towards him .
tr	NN	As the cuff dropped to the bed , he ripped off his gown and replaced it with the scrubs top .
tr	NNS	He often conducts conferences there with clients and guests to provide the highest level of security . "
tr	NN	Caroline tugged up her bodice and fixed her beauty queen smile on her face .
tr	NNS	This would give Edwin two benefits .
tr	NN	He 's earned your respect .
tr	NNS	The electron tubes glowed dimly .
tr	NN	Wade started to shift , wolf claws digging into Sean 's side .
tr	NNS	An evil woman would have given the disks to Bill 's boss , Eric .
tr	NNS	The cook and her helper were clearing dishes away by that time .
tr	NN	He signaled the bartender for another drink and saw a familiar silhouette walking away from the bar .
tr	NNS	My father wasn 't taking any chances with Lilith .
tr	NN	She brought a backpack completely full of occult books .
tr	NN	Gabriel twisted the knob .
tr	NNS	Each of the seven cubes would have two docking ports .
tr	NNS	I always just took the broken-down sectors of Chicago in stride , as evidence of what happens when people are without community .
tr	NNS	" Looks like more than one person around here has issues with fire .
tr	NNS	" I 'd recognize his tracks just about anywhere .
tr	NN	She always had a good internal clock , and now she wagered it must be somewhere around midafternoon in the world above .
tr	NN	He had a small beard and mustache and his years told that he was from around these parts " Name 's John Robb . "
tr	NNS	The only thing missing was him slowly pouring hot fudge onto that bare expanse of chest .
tr	NN	Robbie popped the boot and got their luggage out for them , and Layla carried the bags up the front steps that led to the house .
tr	NNS	All the stress and worry diminish .
tr	NN	" Not in a million years , " her mother bit out , the fury she 'd been hiding seething through the words .
tr	NNS	Even from the yard , she could hear their soft murmurs .
tr	NNS	Norman could see launches running back and forth between the ships , leaving small white wakes against the deep blue of the water .
tr	NN	I put my paperback facedown on the kitchen table to mark my place and got up to answer it .
tr	NNS	Hopefully , we 'll get some clients out of your customers today . "
tr	NN	" Let 's go cruise the galaxy ! "
tr	NNS	The Dean reported her actions to the Council , and she was forced to declare Dark .
tr	NN	A chill inched down her spine .
tr	NN	I found solace in this , since Cary seemed nonchalant to anything for the past few months .
tr	NNS	Waking up a bit Kol stares at Hypnos dreamily .
tr	NNS	" I read the sensor reports , but they 're not up to scratch sir .
tr	NNS	" The Art of Sword Making , " I read the titles .
tr	NNS	Simply by possessing this , one reaps the benefits of its incantation . "
tr	NN	Of course this would only open the possibility of exposing the West German fugitive 's hideout .
tr	NNS	And yet I noticed her staring daggers at you today . "
tr	NN	They could still provide a bath and meal , but without renting rooms ... .
tr	NN	She does not know the extent of her wounds .
tr	NN	You wanted combat and war and to be all that you could be .
tr	NNS	" Put the numbers somewhere safe .
tr	NN	Nick felt her tremble beneath him and wondered how such a slight and untutored girl should be able to grant him such pleasure .
tr	NN	He barely controlled a shudder as she blinked wide-eyed up at him .
tr	NN	She could control the sag in the cable and even the sway to some extent , but it was impossible to control the wind .
tr	NN	" That thing got enough juice to make it to Denver ? "
tr	NN	Do you have any proof of this ?
tr	NN	All of a sudden , a massive , earth-shaking gust blasted the chaotic encampment , sending everybody flying -- including Lucent .
tr	NNS	He removed her sandals , taking time to rub the arches of her feet before he tossed them over his shoulder .
tr	NN	Della heard a low growl , and although she didn 't know shape-shifters growled , she knew it came from Steve .
tr	NNS	He worked the chaps back up my legs swiftly and efficiently , as though he 'd done it a thousand times .
tr	NNS	She don 't answer my texts or calls . "
tr	NNS	Bullet wounds made little mouths in the still flesh .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods . "
tr	NN	" Yes and I also do part-time consulting for the police as well .
tr	NNS	She 'd already been paid sixty thousand dollars to testify , and would send a bill for another fifteen .
tr	NNS	" I don 't make offers like this twice . "
tr	NN	How goes the proposition with you ? "
tr	NN	He pulled out a document which read " Emergency Procedures . "
tr	NN	He still feels a profound affection for you . "
tr	NNS	A man 's voice over the radio is announcing concert dates .
tr	NNS	Rachel had seen visions of a petulant woman , graceful in a way that reminded her of goddesses in folklore .
tr	NNS	" Carry on , gentlemen . "
tr	NN	Let 's find a stable .
tr	NN	Sheriff Hogan wrote down the location of the cabin Sam had used , and he sent the crime scene technicians to investigate it .
tr	NN	Jacqueline put the plant on the wood decking and started to stand .
tr	NN	Consider the possibility that she is ignoring your phone calls because she really doesn 't want to talk to you . "
tr	NN	She has added a fun feature to the Tag without informing my dad .
tr	NNS	Whenever he had me alone , he 'd attempt his absurd " reasonable " arguments about why Isaac was such a threat .
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers over herself and clicked on the TV , and found an old episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm .
tr	NNS	He brought his knees beneath him , slid his palms beneath Jamie 's ass , gripping her h * ps and lifting .
tr	NNS	We have had detailed exchanges with your husband and don 't see the point of revisiting all of that .
tr	NN	But I saw no god , no pillared court .
tr	NN	He gave a shrug .
tr	NN	" Cuff him , " he told the female cop beside him .
tr	NN	" But you have my counsel . "
tr	NN	You know , a dictionary of terms .
tr	NNS	Cole can take the insults .
tr	NN	Together , they trod down the dusty staircase to Hell .
tr	NNS	I made some involuntarily pathetic noises , and Mouse rose up from the floor beside my bed and jogged out of my room .
tr	NN	Chin straightened , snapping closed his metal briefcase .
tr	NNS	She swept off her goggles .
tr	NN	" Did you tell that cop that we 're investigating the circumstances of Brad 's death ? "
tr	NNS	" I just get dizzy . "
tr	NNS	Travis had never liked hospitals .
tr	NN	" Kimbra if you hear this , pick up the receiver . "
tr	NNS	Pewter enhances your physical abilities , but not your innate skill .
tr	NNS	" Soccer balls ? "
tr	NN	I changed the topic .
tr	NN	Government contractors and intelligence agencies dotted the landscape in and around the capital .
tr	NNS	That basically , they wouldn 't use their powers against each other or interfere with things here in the mortal realm .
tr	NNS	I surveyed my surroundings a little more .
tr	NN	He probably would 've played football if his school in England had a team . "
tr	NNS	From that moment , she swore off drugs .
tr	NN	We gave him a beautiful funeral until she ruined it .
tr	NNS	Apparently , though , her mind and her body were riding two different tracks .
tr	NN	Her hand still cradled his cock .
tr	NN	As hers solidified , the male bird of prey found a small patch of stable ground nearby to land on .
tr	NNS	Besides , he had several bad points as well .
tr	NNS	" You carry your own cards ? "
tr	NNS	She took several deep breaths .
tr	NNS	I feel the timeless , swimming sensation of possibility .
tr	NN	Tyler popped the cap on a fresh beer , eyeing me in what could have been either concern or suspicion .
tr	NNS	According to Simon , the more Druid power used the better chances of achieving success .
tr	NN	As soon as I got my first rush from the champagne I lost all patience and put the black box on the table .
tr	NNS	They walked empty halls and stairs to the lift lobby and down to the parking garages far below .
tr	NNS	He rubs his palms together .
tr	NN	They were raising the ramp now .
tr	NNS	I heard chairs scraping across a wooden floor .
tr	NNS	All the windows had boards , and even the sliding glass doors had been protected .
tr	NNS	Viper gave a low hiss .
tr	NNS	I 'd gladly trade my thumbs , my hands or any parts of my body for you Kristen .
tr	NNS	" The Wood can play tricks on the eyes . "
tr	NN	You rescued me , you 've created a sanctuary for us here again in Sedona .
tr	NN	" They would 've demanded revenge . "
tr	NN	It didn 't take a Columbia scholarship to figure out how to fire my machine guns .
tr	NNS	She racked her brains to think what could have possibly got the government 's attention ?
tr	NNS	It was heightening her senses ... to an almost unbearable level .
tr	NNS	Jacob made numerous trips to the creek and supplied them with enough perfectly suited rocks with which to fashion suitable fire rings around the pits .
tr	NN	It took all her willpower not to slap him in the face .
tr	NN	I let out a frustrated groan .
tr	NN	The whole had a fairy-tale sweetness to it now in the first hour past midnight .
tr	NNS	" With blood and tears we spill our fears . "
tr	NNS	But once they know you 're gone they 'll send psychics into the tunnels to find you .
tr	NNS	Well , I had my suspicions , and they 're all confirmed .
tr	NNS	" Do you remember the forms we signed several months ago ?
tr	NN	Good thing I 've got a cop on speed dial , but like usual , he 's already calling me .
tr	NNS	It enhances our abilities .
tr	NN	Before Clint could hop over , the ambulance tops lit the playground up in red and moaned off into town .
tr	NN	" Why bamboo ? "
tr	NNS	And she could prescribe drugs .
tr	NN	As he does , my will to block the encroaching images waivers and flashes of this boy growing into a man bombard my consciousness .
tr	NN	He strummed another chord .
tr	NNS	I feel nauseous and do not know if it is the heat or my child or the horror .
tr	NNS	The women had secured the reins and joined them as Sam continued his ride up the hill .
tr	NNS	He dropped his fangs .
tr	NN	With that thought came a horrifying realization .
tr	NNS	The Green River Killer dumped his victims in the woods -- amateurish .
tr	NN	" Unlike you I comprehend my duty to the vampires .
tr	NNS	Kyle manufactured solar panels .
tr	NN	As time went we became accustomed to each other , then we named our acquaintance as friendship .
tr	NNS	I check both directions as if checking for traffic along a busy street .
tr	NN	I 'm wearing the same outfit from the night before .
tr	NN	I told the flight attendant that I was okay and tried to pull myself together .
tr	NN	" Will I get extra credit ? "
tr	NN	I fought the urge to bury my face in his chest and inhale the scent of his skin .
tr	NNS	Scott took two photographs of the diamonds , and pressed the display button to check that the resulting images were satisfactory .
tr	NN	Tandy 's actions do not accord with those of a habitual drunkard .
tr	NN	" Come out witch ! "
tr	NNS	He had only seen such inventions in the city of Ironside .
tr	NN	I just showed her a little respect . "
tr	NN	I didn 't have much jewelry , and I loved the delicate beauty .
tr	NNS	Soon the rest of the companions were roused also , each muttering greetings of ' good morning ' or similar while raiding their saddlebags for provisions .
tr	NNS	-- David gave excuses for this .
tr	NNS	" It exceeded my expectations . "
tr	NN	Alexandra put down her pen and stared at the ceiling .
tr	NN	Jeanne passed the Shroud to her granddaughter , Margaret , who , having no suitable heirs , passed it to the House of Savoy .
tr	NNS	It gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	" Oh , you mean the Hermes mutiny ? "
tr	NNS	He didn 't recognize the markings .
tr	NNS	I heard dogs today and not far away either .
tr	NN	You may enter your argument in a moment .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers and stood up and headed for the door before I realized I was naked .
tr	NN	He needs the protection the community can provide .
tr	NNS	Haven took a few bites of her food , forcing it down , grateful that was over .
tr	NN	He thanked the nurse and headed toward the best place to discover an answer to that question .
tr	NNS	The dragons had devoured all her companions , but she had been taken into the city to dwell in servitude .
tr	NN	Before that , she 'd faced mounting depression , which stayed with her , like wispy threads of half-formed mist on a cold morning .
tr	NNS	I spun and squeezed the last two shots at the three people sprinting to us .
tr	NN	The sword , which was placed in a sheath of brown leather , had a hilt decorated with rubies curved like roses .
tr	NN	I turned the knob and we stepped inside .
tr	NN	He stopped pacing and instead fidgeted with the change in his pants pocket .
tr	NN	I must employ every resource to ensure the tranquility of the realm . "
tr	NN	But when she headed over the river , he had his first inkling of where she was going .
tr	NN	I closed the lid and turned the machine over .
tr	NN	Sarah and Beau now started a contest to see who could finish their waffle first .
tr	NNS	To reassure him I gave the thumbs up sign and then pointed at Jacques , who for some reason abruptly sat up right at that moment .
tr	NNS	I loaded both plates with steaks and set one in front of him .
tr	NNS	Can you see your heroes ?
tr	NN	He kept his face impassive , despite her dig .
tr	NN	She clearly discounted his claim , huffed .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths and tried to slow my pounding heart , " It just startled me .
tr	NN	I caught a hitch in my throat .
tr	NN	Bill cast a murderous glare at the officers .
tr	NN	Somehow , I hadn 't even noticed the gunfire during my conversation with Crewe .
tr	NN	I couldn 't waste any more spears .
tr	NN	You probably recognise the grey substance from your milkshakes in the facility .
tr	NN	" It proved a healthy deterrent from any such future matings . "
tr	NN	" Get her another pillow .
tr	NN	" We 're just ... uh ... " She twirled a strand of hair between two fingers .
tr	NN	Traveling quickly now , I finally reach the gorge and drop to my knees .
tr	NN	This would violate our new pact to cool it .
tr	NNS	I was not taking any chances of having my voice cracking and then be under even more suspicions .
tr	NN	When it was built eight hundred years ago , it must have defied comprehension .
tr	NN	She would have sacrificed the universe itself , if it would have saved her love .
tr	NNS	" I put a few cult members in positions in the palace .
tr	NN	The permanent twilight was causing havoc with his sense of time .
tr	NNS	I usually don 't attend the press conferences .
tr	NNS	The Capitol demolished the visible remains of the district and cut off all access from the outside .
tr	NN	I felt a burning sensation in my throat that I thought might have stemmed from shame .
tr	NNS	I have insufficient data to determine whether his interest is sexual . "
tr	NN	Beth punched Emily playfully on the shoulder .
tr	NNS	It skipped a few beats , but everything is okay now . "
tr	NNS	Despite the heat , Ruby wore several layers of clothing none of which matched .
tr	NN	Jeremy could sense his friend 's skepticism at his answer .
tr	NNS	" I don 't mind little dogs or kittens .
tr	NN	Behind him , I could see the chef struggling to his feet .
tr	NN	Harvey thumped the file , nearly knocking the Christmas tree to the floor .
tr	NNS	His gaze , both warm and appreciative , spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Elizabeth could see Chickie 's big dark eyes fasten on the big man and widen with fascination .
tr	NNS	They flew down the hallways and made their way back to their kitchen .
tr	NNS	I moan and make guttural noises in my throat .
tr	NN	She didn 't want another confrontation with her sister , especially with Carrie listening in .
tr	NNS	Somebody ripped some pages out .
tr	NNS	Thomas and Alanna swung their intense stares toward Gatsby who immediately coughed and tried his best to ignore the tension in the air .
tr	NN	" Don 't you have an assistant to berate ? "
tr	NN	A chill runs up my spine , leaving my hair standing on edge .
tr	NNS	I showed him my credentials , provided by the state of California .
tr	NN	I felt another pang in my chest at the reminder of how well he knew me .
tr	NN	" When I see you with the same date twice , I 'll take your relationship advice , Luke .
tr	NNS	Rocky scree tumbled down their slopes .
tr	NN	He placed his briefcase at a table away from the television and mulled over the continental breakfast buffet choices .
tr	NN	One had lost consciousness .
tr	NNS	I gave him directions .
tr	NNS	I 've seen the goggles . "
tr	NN	And with each pulse came a tightening of her body .
tr	NN	She taps her temple .
tr	NNS	Little beads of sweat were running along her rounded breasts , into the valley between them .
tr	NN	However , only the females possessed a sensual , alluring attraction that stopped men in their tracks .
tr	NN	" Did Hannah exhibit any displeasure or anxiety over the way you were living ? "
tr	NN	Her equally blue gaze performed a single sweep of the area , and she grinned .
tr	NNS	That vamp had designs on your virtue . "
tr	NNS	Since the situation aggravated , he brought all the key positions under control and was making orders personally , omitting Straus .
tr	NN	Use your SD status to cover what you are doing .
tr	NN	Rahim Alif has no loyalty to you , Admiral .
tr	NN	I suppressed a groan .
tr	NN	" So we can pack up this operation and go home . "
tr	NNS	Why not our own police detectives ? "
tr	NN	He held out a small package with one hand and shook Carlos ' hand with the other .
tr	NN	He spotted broken furniture that could have once been tables or beds .
tr	NNS	This involved firing three shots at a target .
tr	NN	She had an extremely large trust fund at her disposal from her grandparents .
tr	NN	Sailors lowered the gangplank , and sailors spilled off the ship , for all the world looking like students leaving a stuffy lecture hall .
tr	NN	She had a haven to return to , and support every day , even when she wasn 't present .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	It brought with it an odd rushing sensation that felt as if Henrietta had her back turned towards some kind of void .
tr	NN	Chapter Eight 1 Ivan leaped up the staircase to Chad 's room in a single bound .
tr	NN	" And now that we 've discovered we are in complete accord , " she continued , " I have a favor to ask of you . "
tr	NN	" He might not , he 'll eat some terrible insulation material in between the walls and die .
tr	NNS	" I love fairy tales . "
tr	NNS	Some turned their noses up at us .
tr	NNS	Vee poked my ribs and leaned sideways .
tr	NN	" Farmers that don 't use electricity or cars .
tr	NN	The little alien felt a pang in his chest .
tr	NN	" You want another puzzle ? "
tr	NN	My idiot brother broke the leg playing football in the dining room one day . "
tr	NNS	I take three plates , three bread plates , three glasses , and three sets of silverware and pile them on the table .
tr	NNS	They ate delicious steaks with large baked potatoes and a tossed salad at the kitchen table in front of a crackling fire and debated politics .
tr	NN	I wrote down my dorm and room number and told her to meet me there later .
tr	NNS	Bailey checked the numbers and decided to be brave .
tr	NN	It makes my heart flutter .
tr	NNS	I 've had a couple bites from networks too . "
tr	NN	I used my unease about the situation with Garrick , letting it seep in and directing it towards Dom .
tr	NN	Bless Lillian , she stuck a needle in my IV , and the pain went away in a warm feeling of bliss .
tr	NNS	Hope you can still have babies . "
tr	NN	Faye caught a glimpse of school books .
tr	NN	" I didn 't get the impression that she was in the habit of waiting for permission . "
tr	NN	I feel a sickening ache in my stomach and press the screen with our mother 's file against my side .
tr	NN	I beg your patience as we spend these next few years perfecting this story .
tr	NNS	I let my voice hold coldness , because I wasn 't sure .
tr	NN	The ivy had suckers that stuck to the staggered walls , and every time one of them popped off , she heard a moan from the plant .
tr	NN	What caused his editor to bestow this honor upon him now ?
tr	NNS	The Spacer government had banned New Law robots on the mainland .
tr	NNS	The current masked members of the Vitale Society wove silently among the pledges , handing out goblets ful of some kind of liquid .
tr	NN	Later that evening , they would hold one last rally for Gabriel 's cause at the shuttered Rat 's Tail Tavern in Sooty Stoops .
tr	NN	About a year ago I was offered a promotion if I 'd move to this office .
tr	NN	Gabrielle gave a mild shrug and shook her head .
tr	NNS	Not a large mountain man , not a small Indian elder , not a small girl walking a deer on a leash .
tr	NNS	The vibrations ruffle the scales of those ahead of her .
tr	NN	Slade hid a smirk and went for it , pushing his back as far as it would go and grabbing his heels .
tr	NN	I felt pity for him .
tr	NN	" She won 't accept your engagement lightly either . "
tr	NN	She squirted the remnant into her mouth in one motion .
tr	NN	Turning it in her hand , Jenny examined the item , and pushed the button that had just released it .
tr	NNS	When he returned from the garage , she had closed the blinds and turned off all the lights , save the tree .
tr	NNS	When the eating slowed , the servants removed the dishes , many of which still contained a great deal of food .
tr	NN	I have an article I can show you .
tr	NN	The sitting area had a small sofa and one chair .
tr	NN	Bethany pulled out an old t-shirt from her bag , wet it in the snow , and began to clean spots of blood from Nathan 's face .
tr	NN	He is so brave , all must confess , This lightning rod of girls ' desire !
tr	NNS	" You have two offers for Suddenly It 's Spring . "
tr	NN	He nodded and crossed the lab toward the extraordinary safe he 'd had developed specifically for the time device .
tr	NN	They gained his people 's respect and even began to live among them .
tr	NN	Kieron hadn 't felt any compulsion to leave this den in the last couple of days .
tr	NNS	Let 's create a few more surprises for Briarwood 's darling uncles . "
tr	NNS	Nina pulled several pairs of shorts out of the suitcase and returned them to the dresser .
tr	NNS	I appreciated the hearty meals in that last place , but searching around like idiots for hours left me a little pissed . "
tr	NN	" I 'm making wooden furniture .
tr	NN	That soft voice went down his spine like a caress .
tr	NNS	I 'm having a few nightmares of my own . "
tr	NN	" I 'm not wearing my uniform so you can act out some boyhood fantasy yet again . "
tr	NNS	While he was asking questions , Doris and Lexie were passing hidden signals , all with the intention of keeping him in the dark .
tr	NN	One of the helmets had an officer 's red stripe .
tr	NNS	" It 's operating mine remotely .
tr	NNS	He showed them the stacks of correspondence from the past two years along with press clippings from his hospital visits .
tr	NNS	Would the Seventh squander their efforts ?
tr	NNS	I 've seen all sorts . "
tr	NN	' Or some young piranha in the press gallery who sees the possibility of making a name as an investigative journalist . '
tr	NN	" Well , your Majesty , the sooner the better .
tr	NN	We need a Queen . "
tr	NN	A shiver streaked up her spine when he cupped her cheek with his palm and she had to take in some much-needed air before she could finish .
tr	NN	Madison retrieved her briefcase from the car , smiling at how easily Caleb had engaged Brianna 's curiosity .
tr	NNS	I mean , I can see the winning lottery numbers today , go back to tomorrow and punch them in .
tr	NNS	He 'd ordered buckets of roses to be delivered to his hotel room while they were out .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to sigh with relief that someone else had seconded me .
tr	NNS	Still , Maddie 's face radiated bliss .
tr	NN	' The Illuminator picked up a particularly ornate vase .
tr	NN	I don 't see any impossibility . "
tr	NNS	She threw back the covers , her hands moving over her breast and belly .
tr	NN	I say a quick silent prayer for it not to give way .
tr	NNS	With the campsite clean , we donned our packs and proceeded on to the next leg of the journey .
tr	NNS	" Yeah man , I respect your skills .
tr	NNS	If his parents would only allow him to mist , he could avoid those two bullies easily .
tr	NN	Duncan also continued painting , his eyes on his work as he spoke more .
tr	NNS	When Julia had been a little girl , her mother read her fairy tales .
tr	NN	" Where the other mortal in your party gained the Sight . "
tr	NNS	Activating the ship 's exterior cameras , he saw the clouds moving .
tr	NNS	Can you hear the noises inside ? "
tr	NNS	He yawned hugely again .
tr	NN	" I 'll send a cart . "
tr	NNS	" I pulled these processes from the best run colony worlds .
tr	NN	" Zombie bride , " she heard Connor mutter .
tr	NNS	Mobiles , made from live butterflies trained to live in a specific pattern , filled the gaps between the feeders and houses .
tr	NN	Kara didn 't want her daughter spoiled rotten .
tr	NN	I 'm just giving you some TTD material to talk about . "
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to check the dial tone , just in case Neal called at that exact second .
tr	NN	Harrison 's car paced the Camaro .
tr	NNS	Doctor Hartman scans the two brain doctors and tilts his head to one side .
tr	NNS	You can keep the coins you won , but I 'll bet this chest for supplies .
tr	NN	She called the girl Lyssa .
tr	NNS	Every pharmacy , grocery and discount store had their shelves emptied of peroxide that night .
tr	NN	Bea suddenly let out a growl , and whipped her tail over Will 's head slashing at the glass person .
tr	NNS	Where there were wider streets and squares she could make out individual figures .
tr	NN	Something I can do without ... like ... the vest .
tr	NN	Finally , Tucker retrieved his rifle and moved deeper into the trees , where he found a tangle of fallen logs .
tr	NNS	I 've worked miracles and made sure there was seating for everyone .
tr	NN	No , the memories of them could only bring her joy , and it was with joy that she sang of their lives .
tr	NN	Shirley gently rested her frame on the mare 's back .
tr	NNS	I quickly view the photographs .
tr	NNS	" Fetch the servants . "
tr	NNS	We 've actually had some major issues recently . "
tr	NNS	" Please , not yet , " I moaned passionately .
tr	NNS	Of course to him it was like choosing the least putrid apples in a basket of very rotten fruit .
tr	NNS	They separated the reports and worked their individual assignments .
tr	NN	Rosie put her fork down , " I 'm so , so , sorry for making the wrong assumption . "
tr	NN	I leapt over the back railing , unnoticed , and landed on the walk below with a muted thump .
tr	NN	I 'll buy ice cream . "
tr	NNS	Put the daggers in your boots to hide them .
tr	NNS	They crept slowly forward , the wooden floor boards squeaking softly under their weight .
tr	NNS	He faced the tunnels before us , and I the one we had just come through .
tr	NN	I replaced the receiver .
tr	NN	You chose the location .
tr	NNS	You can 't waste your reserves on the nonessential . "
tr	NNS	Once again , I followed Nick 's directions to the mall .
tr	NN	If we leave now , I 'll still make curfew .
tr	NN	She growls and throws a dish towel at me .
tr	NN	" I didn 't want nobody out on those slick roads because of me .
tr	NN	" When he got back to Quebec he had another scheme all planned .
tr	NN	I 'm just now finding my sanity .
tr	NNS	The Navy wouldn 't send all these ships , all these people , unless they were sure what was down there .
tr	NNS	" Hey look , " Mike said , observing a small shelf near the door of the store , " they make bacon flavored energy shots . "
tr	NNS	Morley fluttered his eyelashes like a cartoon character and put both hands over his heart .
tr	NNS	He remembered the gaps along the bottom , how he had found that the stone 's edges had been curved .
tr	NN	Spoken like a true Alpha , which actually brought some peace and understanding .
tr	NN	She gave me another glare before disappearing and leaving me to mind my own business .
tr	NNS	He rears upward then leaps into the air dashing straight into the thick woods with his mystery and my annoyance .
tr	NNS	It scrambles up the molecules and particles of the photograph to act like a 3-D window . '
tr	NN	They need a fifth player . "
tr	NNS	Other team members ran wires between the dishes and connected them to the explosives .
tr	NN	I felt my muscles stiffen slightly , a little shocked at my response from an accidental touch .
tr	NNS	She wore white ribbons in her auburn hair , and had a light spray of freckles across her nose and cheeks .
tr	NNS	" Does he have any heart conditions ? "
tr	NN	" What if the cheater 's got his block inside one of those iron boxes ? "
tr	NN	A thrill travels down my spine .
tr	NNS	Have you brought me their poisonous little hearts ? "
tr	NNS	He massaged a firm caress that brought back the sensual unraveling of the hair wash earlier , water and Josh pouring over her .
tr	NNS	He left the two sisters together .
tr	NN	She stifled a yawn then stretched , almost involuntarily , and her body swayed .
tr	NN	Drop cement down the shaft if you need to .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to run my hand down it .
tr	NN	Miss Black would have a stroke if she knew what I was wearing .
tr	NN	She married a cop . "
tr	NN	I missed my little giggling vixen .
tr	NN	" Come on , my treat . "
tr	NNS	Damn the social-networking sites .
tr	NNS	I can put two stacks of 7 on the roof .
tr	NN	He felt her terror as if it was his own .
tr	NNS	The prince was assassinated half an hourglass ago .
tr	NN	She inhaled the aroma of freshly brewed coffee as she turned on the television .
tr	NNS	" But I love bats . "
tr	NN	I have no proof . "
tr	NN	He needs proof . "
tr	NNS	" What do you want their uniforms for ? "
tr	NN	As he lifted his glass to his lips , Jordan contemplated with bitter amusement this unexpected twist of fate .
tr	NNS	Bobby advanced his abilities and he almost killed us , Laila .
tr	NNS	All of these are tangled tales of intrigue , secrets , and murder .
tr	NN	A florist had described the customer who frequented her shop to purchase water lilies .
tr	NN	She handed me a rake .
tr	NNS	Lotte toed the dogs away .
tr	NNS	Even if war reduced the world to rubble , he would make little figures of wood or clay and paint them himself .
tr	NNS	Occasionally he would experience auditory hallucinations , but they tended to be inexplicable angry voices , and he had learned to separate them from actual sensory input .
tr	NNS	" How long ago did he get poisoned ? "
tr	NNS	He had other issues on his mind .
tr	NNS	" Terry 's bringing marinated mushrooms . "
tr	NNS	They were playing back the trailers of the best director 's movies too , and announced their name too , then the winner 's name .
tr	NNS	" I 've had the serious hots for you for years , I love you , and I want to marry you . "
tr	NN	The service had her sobbing uncontrollably .
tr	NNS	" Because you can find amazing things in secondhand stores . "
tr	NN	Eve didn 't have a prayer of going back to sleep now .
tr	NN	She was escaping that psycho , and made sure you did NOT get raised by that horrible man .
tr	NN	I need protection ; you have protection .
tr	NNS	' You can mortgage your stations . '
tr	NNS	He could now concentrate all his efforts just in this one spot .
tr	NN	His mother still appeared paler than before and Ty decided a subject change was in order .
tr	NN	He stopped pacing and faced me .
tr	NN	" They do not use our language .
tr	NNS	' Mr Quest and Miss Murray have special skills in recovering stolen art , sir .
tr	NNS	I follow the horse 's movements , posting on her back , flowing with her body .
tr	NN	You don 't need the publicity or the gossip , Gabriel . "
tr	NNS	Ludwig heard dogs being set loose from the gates of Hall and the bark came closer .
tr	NN	In some cases they wanted retribution .
tr	NN	The old geezer manning the counter did not even register the unpaid magazine in my fist .
tr	NN	Chapter Fifteen No threshold , which was good .
tr	NN	After not seeing any movement from inside the house , Joshua gave Mister the command to attack .
tr	NNS	He placed his palms together and created a tiny crystal .
tr	NN	She eyed the soda with curiosity .
tr	NN	Skinny handed the other his rifle , pulled out a pistol , and with it in hand boarded the boat .
tr	NN	" Stay close , Katy darlin ' . "
tr	NNS	I slap two frozen waffles in the toaster and nuke some day-old coffee in the microwave for myself .
tr	NN	I walked up the ramp and tried to open the door .
tr	NN	Yet now Aeros occupied my very doorstep .
tr	NN	" I 'll respect your privacy , but you should know that taking travelers through our woods safely is part of our job .
tr	NNS	Did it boil his brains ?
tr	NNS	Today she would weaken their numbers , those who survived would return to their precious Keep and their women , and she would follow .
tr	NN	" You got something Markman , or you just bitched out ? "
tr	NN	To prove my allegiance to her .
tr	NNS	I had so many clever retorts , but I feared he wouldn 't appreciate them the way Kennan and Ian did .
tr	NN	She let a gentle smile leak out .
tr	NNS	" You want my Lifeless ?
tr	NN	Why are you making this film , anyway ?
tr	NNS	Her determining spirit and faith encouraged the hearts of her family and others around her .
tr	NN	He let out a groan , reached over and pulled her into his embrace .
tr	NN	They joined a steady trickle of travelers who were all eager to get to the site and get their tasks over and done with .
tr	NNS	Harbor no robots and suffer no machines to walk within your borders .
tr	NNS	Silently , I fill out the necessary tax forms and employee forms as Cash makes what I assume is an employee file .
tr	NNS	What need have gods of such mundane things as lamps and oil ?
tr	NNS	She gazed at him with an expression he couldn 't decipher , then stood and picked up both their plates .
tr	NN	She gave a gurgle of laughter .
tr	NNS	He grabbed two heavy wood chairs and flung them as well .
tr	NN	He moves the rag around on his body , trying to mirror the gestures she makes .
tr	NN	He skimmed a fingertip over her shoulder , and she trembled .
tr	NN	I felt a knife twist in my gut at the thought of Lucky daydreaming about some other man .
tr	NNS	I could feel her loneliness because the link between us was growing stronger and she was used to seeing me every day .
tr	NNS	Just looking at him , she could see the wheels grinding along .
tr	NNS	His company had offices on the Bund . "
tr	NN	I 've only read that phrase in some letters of hers a friend gave to me .
tr	NNS	Constance released her fangs unwillingly .
tr	NN	The dragon had a mouthful of pebbles .
tr	NNS	Time to switch subjects before he started issuing demands and upsetting her .
tr	NNS	She kept hearing whistles , and they were making her miss her cues .
tr	NNS	" You really shouldn 't leave bombs lying around where just anyone can find them . "
tr	NN	He missed the sexual release she could provide .
tr	NN	Then he remembered the argument they had had that afternoon .
tr	NNS	" I don 't like shots much . "
tr	NN	Yet I felt a pang of loneliness for Alexander .
tr	NNS	Sampson ignored the stares .
tr	NNS	" Then you threatened my balls .
tr	NNS	His lips feathered down her abdomen , tongue teasing nerve endings into tiny explosive sparks .
tr	NNS	He still has troubles with water and swimming is no longer an option for him .
tr	NNS	We have three volumes .
tr	NNS	" Didn 't Papa show you the sofas ? "
tr	NN	" We 've still got ice cream in the freezer , hun .
tr	NN	If that 's " losing , " you 've got a really funny definition of the word . '
tr	NNS	" You can 't control your mom 's actions any more than she can yours . "
tr	NNS	You could destroy whole armies with that noise alone ! "
tr	NNS	He inched nearer to her in spite of her warning .
tr	NNS	" Per the terms of the curse . "
tr	NN	I really hate the timing .
tr	NN	They 'd intercept any fax that I sent .
tr	NNS	I liked daggers and al things that stabbed , and I real y would like to know how to use them effectively .
tr	NN	Joyce started pacing again .
tr	NN	She had the oddest urge to taste it .
tr	NN	Atticus lifted the lid to let him know we didn 't eat the junk .
tr	NN	He radiated health and strength , his muscles were well defined under his thin chambray shirt , and he was disarmingly handsome .
tr	NNS	Even as he jumped , he heard something ripping .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , the one that runs those meetings for people who ... " He trails off , uncomfortable with the subject .
tr	NN	He could get a mean nurse who is a murderer . "
tr	NN	Kate gave her an annoyed glare back .
tr	NNS	This marker would store personal data internally as well as being constantly linked to a master database .
tr	NNS	And she had horrible nightmares last night , my lord .
tr	NNS	Olivia batted her eyelashes at Alexander .
tr	NNS	" I had my doubts .
tr	NN	" You cannot open a Portal to the Adamant Citadel unless the Iron Sisters allow it .
tr	NNS	" The wraiths loathe certain metals .
tr	NN	Aiden continued the soothing gesture .
tr	NNS	For Asher 's mom , I sent her a dozen pink balloons and a card telling her that she was going to have a granddaughter .
tr	NN	I gave him a small shrug .
tr	NNS	The bedspreads had cigarette burns .
tr	NN	" Yes , I did , some pretty healthy premium , if you know what I mean . "
tr	NNS	Antimatter or fusion warheads will destroy billions of our Nanos , and put back or totally defeat our efforts .
tr	NN	Phil drained a quarter of his beer .
tr	NN	After all , Aaron had hot chocolate with my name on it , and I knew where he kept the marshmallows .
tr	NN	I grabbed a curry comb and started grooming the horse .
tr	NN	" Get the feather .
tr	NNS	The cat made a little hiss , followed by random noises from the monkey , iguana , parrot , and pygmy hog .
tr	NNS	The President takes many meetings . "
tr	NN	You picked the destiny .
tr	NN	Will had done more harm than good in his efforts to get her back .
tr	NN	So you get the fuck up and get yourself sorted , and start answering some questions .
tr	NN	I got the impression he didn 't want to talk about his family , the way he answered me .
tr	NN	Themis nodded and glanced around the sanctuary .
tr	NNS	Their boots scraped the boards of the porch .
tr	NNS	Settling onto the ivory leather , Luna took off her sandals and slid them under the coffee table .
tr	NN	Liza admired the other woman 's attitude .
tr	NNS	" When you 're my father 's Champion , you can attend all the balls you want . "
tr	NN	Elliot had the sickening realization that their plan had failed .
tr	NN	I had built up my own fate and I deserved every bit of it .
tr	NN	Georgina had found the jar lying in the garden about the same time as Storm disappeared .
tr	NNS	Knowing his family would protect her , he turned his attentions back to the soldiers moving on him .
tr	NNS	" Boone you have powers ; extra abilities which normal wolves don 't .
tr	NNS	Like him , the thought of her going brought a heaviness to her heart .
tr	NN	The hotel had yellow tape pulled across the front and ambulances waited outside .
tr	NN	His mind still has quite the child 's imagination .
tr	NNS	Daniel passed three cameras before he headed for the exit doors and Lithgow brought up the view of the plaza outside the airport .
tr	NN	Felice swung her rifle around and began tracking the shepherd .
tr	NN	" Do you remember this pen ?
tr	NN	You 'll turn sixteen and you 'll be able to taste the real pleasures and evils of this world . "
tr	NN	He brushed a strand of hair off her cheek .
tr	NNS	We would need all the right ingredients and the circle has to be dug into raw earth . "
tr	NNS	He still had a couple drops of water on his chest .
tr	NN	It may have the aftermath of violence within it , but it doesn 't have personality .
tr	NNS	' She has hundred percent chances to win this contest . '
tr	NN	" But ... I hardly think that whoever draws him will pass the exam . "
tr	NN	The day was getting hotter by the minute .
tr	NN	He could still see it now , every detail with pinpoint accuracy .
tr	NNS	He uses drugs and hypnosis . "
tr	NN	Alone now , I felt terror slice through my mind .
tr	NN	Noah 's long legs were eating up the pavement , and I felt like a tiny Chihuahua trying to keep up .
tr	NNS	" Do you get off torturing Shifters ?
tr	NNS	But I did have a few tricks up my sleeve .
tr	NN	A single shiver went down my spine when he said my name .
tr	NN	He really loves basketball and tennis . "
tr	NNS	Still , the way he talked about someone following me gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	Sam let the tears flow as she witnessed the jars of jam she and her grandma had made with help from Mom .
tr	NNS	Kimmie Ross ' body had yielded liberally scattered green silk fibers .
tr	NNS	Carefully she picked the first two cards up and turned them over -- the queen of spades and the jack of hearts .
tr	NN	" Everyone has their style .
tr	NNS	Monica gave Amy the basics and told her not to expect any romance .
tr	NN	Jane tossed her briefcase on the passenger seat .
tr	NN	" So , tell me now , little witch .
tr	NN	Reason approached the topic from another angle .
tr	NN	Mr. Gibson and I spoke the same language there .
tr	NNS	He would fill this emptiness in her heart .
tr	NNS	With Jacob already looking bored , I followed the two ghost detectives and their cameramen into the nave .
tr	NNS	They were wearing green uniforms of wool and metal helmets , spattered with mud and grime .
tr	NNS	They shot out cables that hooked onto your body .
tr	NN	" Maybe we should get the towel out and hold it in case Lucy comes down ! "
tr	NNS	We first consider our data as a series of measurements which define the space between such points . "
tr	NNS	" But at least we 'll be expecting his tricks and will see more than he expects of us . "
tr	NN	Within an hour of her arrival they had a fully stocked nursery .
tr	NN	Yet another glorious celebration ... " I had mapped out my landing spot in the city , choosing some grassy flats on the outskirts .
tr	NN	Two of his men were burning pewter .
tr	NNS	When she opened her eyes , Ada was right there , inches from her face .
tr	NNS	He took two swings above his found ball .
tr	NNS	I have my doubts that they 'll catch him at all . "
tr	NNS	I can 't use those abilities ; it 's unethical .
tr	NNS	You 've got balls , angel .
tr	NNS	" Clary put glamour runes on the cave entrances .
tr	NN	That left only one option .
tr	NNS	April only knows a few areas of the city , but it 's better to talk to the girl than to ignore her .
tr	NNS	He was clearing the dishes after dinner when he brought it up again .
tr	NNS	Ethan looped his thumbs into my pockets , keeping me in place .
tr	NNS	" We have had several reports recently about early malfunctions in several American nuclear power stations , three European power stations , and a Japanese power station .
tr	NNS	He quickly checked the handlebars for grips ( there were none ) and he pushed down with his foot for a coaster pedal .
tr	NN	He put the tumbler down and made to leave .
tr	NN	Maddie got the distinct impression he wanted to slam his fist on the tabletop .
tr	NN	That piece of information had the potential to be useful , but that wasn 't what caught my attention .
tr	NNS	And I 've seen a few dogs , cats , squirrels .
tr	NNS	I understand your fears and reservations , Eve .
tr	NNS	Those flavors have different color wrappers .
tr	NNS	As the gunman led him away from the gate with a wave of his weapon , Aquarius searched the surroundings for a way to escape .
tr	NNS	I retrieved the gems and returned to my room in the tunnels .
tr	NN	I didn 't take the new structure as a good sign .
tr	NN	To those who didn 't truly know him , including her own brother , Caldwell exuded a rakish persona .
tr	NNS	Viv 's doing drugs , Jen .
tr	NNS	When he managed to sleep , he had nightmares .
tr	NN	The wind outside gave a tremendous shove at the old beams resulting in the building groaning .
tr	NNS	" He had nightmares for months .
tr	NNS	She pulled up the covers over her mouth , hiding the smile and giggles she couldn 't keep in .
tr	NN	I shoulder my backpack and walk away .
tr	NN	Ronan shrugged , content , for the moment , to let her think she was the one Hewitt was looking for even though he knew better .
tr	NN	Somewhere in her subconscious , she could smell burned rubber .
tr	NN	Hilda carefully matched up the timing of the punch that was launched and threw a left hook at Lea 's head .
tr	NN	He drew another diagram in his pocket book . "
tr	NNS	All the while the little girl performed amazing skills .
tr	NNS	" Sit down , folks .
tr	NNS	He takes a few deep breaths , stands up and helps my mom up as well .
tr	NNS	Legion petted his temples , and the screaming faded to a mere whisper .
tr	NNS	She turned the pages and skimmed through the next few .
tr	NNS	I hear someone yell , but I 'm not going to risk my life to try and find my phone in my purse .
tr	NN	She popped the trunk and pulled out a medium sized plastic tub container .
tr	NN	Not a breath or twitch disturbed his beautiful , inflexible frame .
tr	NNS	The man grinned gave a thumbs up sign and ambled on his way .
tr	NNS	The fact that he remained seated while she entered spoke volumes about his feelings toward her .
tr	NN	He grabbed a rope attached to the bow and began pulling us down the road .
tr	NN	He was baiting a trap to draw Gabriel to him .
tr	NNS	She loved his strengths and recognized his weaknesses .
tr	NNS	" And in four years , how many doctors have you seen ? "
tr	NNS	Aiden put his palms on my cheeks , watching as a few tears trickled down them .
tr	NNS	A shuttle officer I 'd only encountered once stood a few yards away .
tr	NN	He was doing his best version of righteous indignation .
tr	NNS	" How many ships do we have off the coast of Ghana ? "
tr	NN	Abbey pulled out a baby wipe and cleaned her fingers and face .
tr	NNS	" Holy crap , " I shouted , startling Goldie , who was lying on the floor near my feet .
tr	NN	" What the fuck did you think you were doing ?
tr	NNS	Yes , she 'd been feeling a bit nauseous .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	Sam had just caught a glimpse of bandages .
tr	NN	" Come ' ere a sec ? "
tr	NNS	Chelsea and Marcy covered their mouths with their hands to suppress their giggles .
tr	NNS	He 'd been given far too few opportunities for it lately .
tr	NNS	But as time went on and things got worse ... have you ever had shingles , Clyde ? "
tr	NN	" So , after Isabel died , you never considered the possibility of having kids ?
tr	NNS	And I 'd borne countless nightmares since that time , bouncing back from each stronger and stronger .
tr	NNS	Everyone except me was losing law suits . '
tr	NNS	" And his livelihood didn 't exactly involve crops .
tr	NN	She folded the damp cloth and laid it across Charles ' forehead .
tr	NNS	Take long walks , eat pastries , play , uh , backgammon or whatnot . "
tr	NN	When he could cry no more , he gave himself a psychiatric evaluation .
tr	NNS	Cryo employees stood every couple yards , monitoring the line as it prepared to move into the building .
tr	NNS	If I heard rumors about them , I slipped condoms through the vents in their lockers in the break room .
tr	NN	A newly smiling Oliver offered me a handshake that seemed oddly redundant at that point ; chasing it with a kiss .
tr	NNS	The trays held plates of fruit , rolls , and some sort of meat chunks in gravy .
tr	NN	" Oh my god ! "
tr	NNS	The lips that had been sculpted so delicately they stood out more than his other features , the eyelashes like gold dandelion seeds .
tr	NNS	He gave me drugs to keep me awake and then he gave me drugs to put me to sleep .
tr	NNS	' Perhaps he 's got issues at school , or at home , that make him want to blend in .
tr	NN	I heard a sharp intake of breath and then Nanna said , " That old Ethan Becker murder ?
tr	NNS	Oliver and Fran Hitchcock , owners of the Scar , took up positions behind the bar , solemnly pouring beers .
tr	NNS	" How do you keep all the balls in the air and give so much of yourself while still keeping it all together ? "
tr	NN	I know sin when I see sin . "
tr	NN	He liked the big snake , and the nice man said it was called Old Tom , which he also said was a nickname for the Thames .
tr	NNS	" It 's got candles on it , mother .
tr	NN	This had a wonderful effect on Renzo .
tr	NN	Because , if things went as planned , he could print his expose and never once mention Juliette Stanton 's name .
tr	NN	But then she opened the vial , took out a large pill and stuck it in her mouth .
tr	NNS	Her hands were up by her head pushing her breasts up for him to take back in his mouth .
tr	NNS	" And now they need goblin tunnels out of city , good , good . "
tr	NN	" Grandfather Noah has an even stranger task for me . "
tr	NN	We did a quick evaluation of the remaining fifteen percent .
tr	NN	The creature screamed his defiance , lashing out , but was far too late .
tr	NNS	The two players on each side of Ryan casually inch their chairs away from him .
tr	NN	Almost like a castle .
tr	NN	Call the magistrate and have him escorted from our home . "
tr	NNS	He cupped her breasts as his mouth closed over her , hot and moist , pulling strongly .
tr	NN	Devon flipped her pen between her fingers faster .
tr	NN	He dipped one toe in , pulled his nightshirt off , and quickly stepped in . "
tr	NN	I muttered a low chant , mostly nonsense syllables , and focused on what I wanted .
tr	NN	I fleetingly gave Buck credit for more brains than I 'd thought when we first met .
tr	NN	In his , Jazz read the same undertone of panic and frustration she felt .
tr	NNS	My brain hurts , " she rubbed her temples .
tr	NN	But Gray needed proof .
tr	NNS	Besides , they had connections at the club , personal body guards , so nothing could go wrong .
tr	NNS	Hundreds walked the roads without shelter or sustenance .
tr	NN	I had gotten us another ally , and had impressed Samantha at the same time .
tr	NNS	Some people just have big mouths and you happened to be there to listen .
tr	NN	He flung off his nightshirt and knelt to rummage in his trunk , with a guilty look over his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Many low hanging branches and strong boughs gave easy stepping points for legs and gripping points for hands .
tr	NNS	As they walked across the rickety platform , Kira could hear noises in the trees .
tr	NN	Carl resisted the urge to shoot him .
tr	NNS	Hugo 's knee found Dollop 's ribs .
tr	NN	We must show him the proof we carry . "
tr	NN	But as I sat there and stared at Amelia , I felt this overwhelming urge to kiss her .
tr	NNS	" The year I turned eleven .
tr	NN	Chapter Eleven The Beast The darkness caves in around me and there is a loud roar in my ears .
tr	NNS	" You hate the visions . "
tr	NN	As he walked into the dark parking lot , an eerie sensation shuddered down his spine .
tr	NNS	Dragons possessed powers that far outweighed most creatures .
tr	NNS	she asked wide-eyed Amelia .
tr	NNS	I 'm seeing the houses rebuilt now .
tr	NN	" I can 't pinpoint her exact location .
tr	NNS	I didn 't need servants , but I knew refusing was out of the question , so I didn 't bother .
tr	NN	The Queen has my talisman .
tr	NN	After lunch , when the weather had warmed , Brant gave Abby her first riding lesson .
tr	NNS	The live feed goes to static and quickly changes to the WBC newsroom , where the two commentators are expected to say something .
tr	NN	I even saw the flutter of little wings .
tr	NNS	Soon they would hit the aether currents and then there really would be no going back .
tr	NN	Rose considers his advice .
tr	NN	They just filed the creation of a new sub-unit of one of their publicly traded companies .
tr	NN	He made a gesture with his hand , and a fire sprang to life in the hearth .
tr	NNS	I sank my fangs into her lower lip , drawing blood .
tr	NNS	Highways connected office buildings , malls , strip centers , and airports .
tr	NNS	" Can I have extra hot peppers ? "
tr	NNS	Obeying her desperation at last , he rose above her , caressed the thighs that spread in eagerness for him .
tr	NNS	They kept all the same processes , just said the vegetables were local . "
tr	NN	You gave a little tiny shrug , like it was no big deal , and sat back down with your family .
tr	NN	She resented his attitude .
tr	NNS	" This place gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	His fingers left sweaty , rippled marks on the camera 's black plastic .
tr	NNS	He 's breaking apart Jess .
tr	NNS	Making judgments , feeling sorry for Lauren .
tr	NNS	You sure played your cards right .
tr	NN	Moving to his side , Rose took the condom from his fingers and did her best .
tr	NNS	If it 's all right with you , we 'll take up positions around here .
tr	NN	He tucks a stray strand of hair behind my ear .
tr	NNS	Jimmy and Vince hid smirks behind their hands .
tr	NN	" Then you clearly haven 't seen my mother 's casserole . "
tr	NN	" Thus have I fulfilled my ultimate duty . "
tr	NNS	At least , they wore white coats , surgical masks , and sterile caps .
tr	NN	Thank goodness I already baked the cherry pie .
tr	NNS	But Claire had no survival skills .
tr	NNS	He 'd lose too many church members .
tr	NN	" Anna Cox was missing for three weeks and had been dead a fortnight when you found her ? "
tr	NNS	All this dulled the senses .
tr	NN	" Huh , " he sighed , " I 'll need my health back , too . "
tr	NNS	They also have razor sharp spines to ward off attackers .
tr	NNS	He may take the twins today .
tr	NN	The smell of bacon made Amber 's stomach growl .
tr	NN	He 'd been appointed chef for the day .
tr	NNS	I can tell jokes , I can try , but there are limits .
tr	NN	Can 't your people just put together some propaganda package to change public opinion ?
tr	NNS	" Mom , put all the meals by category .
tr	NN	" Why doesn 't my brother have a lawyer ?
tr	NNS	He picked up the fragments of the pitcher and glasses that I broke .
tr	NNS	Anna took a few deep breaths and then looked at Thomas .
tr	NNS	If you ran out on them and left them here , how could you look those little wobbly noses in the face again ? '
tr	NN	The cold weather made the healing cream on my chest icy .
tr	NNS	In spite of the cold , students filled the sidewalks .
tr	NN	I finished my email to PA with directions on how and when to drop the money off and hit send .
tr	NNS	Haven rubbed her temples to try and dull the pain .
tr	NNS	The darkness offered no solutions and in the end , he contented himself with holding her close .
tr	NNS	Thorns left three tiny drops of blood .
tr	NNS	Waitresses wrote novels at night that would make them famous .
tr	NNS	" She gave me the combination numbers to the safe . "
tr	NN	said Death , as the hogs accelerated .
tr	NN	Neil spent the last half-hour until practice thinking about October and the Ravens .
tr	NN	Or did she read the terror in his own gaze ?
tr	NNS	Riley smiled slyly and waited a beat .
tr	NN	Some women could accept his particular brand of pleasure .
tr	NN	He let out a yell just as the rope attached to his belt snapped taught .
tr	NNS	He gave her directions to it .
tr	NN	He could smell and track the pup .
tr	NNS	" I 've met ghosts like that , in fact a few of my friends are ghosts . "
tr	NN	Jared took the staircase slowly .
tr	NNS	I could list the various discoveries that were made .
tr	NNS	She summoned the fires , tasting the tangy taste of the Source upon her tongue .
tr	NNS	" Now you 're splitting hairs . "
tr	NNS	Six men took three canoes to the lake and paddled far from shore so as not to be seen .
tr	NNS	" Bless your precious hearts . "
tr	NN	Cracks lined the hull , the sails were stained , and Leo picked up a subtle scent of mold .
tr	NN	But being a mixed girl has done some good for me in the looks department .
tr	NN	She had left open the possibility that her daughter had somehow escaped from the man and found the owl by chance .
tr	NNS	Neither one took more than a few bits before tearing back into their work .
tr	NN	He could see their resolve .
tr	NN	One hundred twenty-eight questions times nine stores equals a big old identity crisis and a mouth that can 't tell the difference between horseradish and mocha .
tr	NNS	Mark recovered several breaths .
tr	NNS	" What surveillance tapes ? "
tr	NNS	Please just explain what happened and stop torturing yourself , ' he implored passionately .
tr	NN	He made a low growl in his throat that I found incredibly erotic , and I began to stroke again , my slippery fingers gliding over him .
tr	NNS	She could offer me only crumbs for the rest of my existence and it would feel like a meal .
tr	NN	My God , had the black halo actually grown in just a few minutes ?
tr	NNS	However , according to legend , and Mrs. Favreau , wolves made wolves .
tr	NNS	I felt the heaviness in my eyes as the cold wind touched my face .
tr	NNS	They brainstormed household chores that Phoebe and Jake might have until the coffee shop closed up for the night , and then they parted ways .
tr	NN	Eleanor saw his assessment .
tr	NNS	We will need the assets only the Bureau can provide . "
tr	NN	That was before considering a safe port to drop off the civilians , or ultimately signing the monster up to the war effort .
tr	NNS	He pointed to a stretch of sand about 300 yards away .
tr	NN	Rachel was already dishing up a napkin of calamari for him .
tr	NNS	" Naw , Dad don 't take much heed of what I say . "
tr	NN	Detective Tom closed the drawer , sealed the crypt and then sat down on the bench next to Daren .
tr	NN	Finding what I was looking for would be like finding a needle in a planet covered in nothing but hay .
tr	NN	" Got a pencil ? "
tr	NN	She placed the briefcase on the floor to put her shirt back in place .
tr	NN	I gripped the bench to stop the shaking in my arms .
tr	NNS	As I continue to openly stare at him , he assesses his cards as the bids make their way around the table .
tr	NNS	She throws her air bubbles at the apparitions as she falls toward the cavern floor .
tr	NN	The whiskey caused the cream to congeal in the bottom of the glass making the power-packed shooter look like liquid shit in a pool of dirty water .
tr	NN	He made the front row , but only three chairs from the left .
tr	NN	" Sometimes it takes a crisis before people show their true colors .
tr	NN	Jack held up a Sony portable TV monitor that had a breaking news story .
tr	NNS	When the spasms finally stopped , she slumped breathless to the floor .
tr	NNS	Forget hormones and tattoos .
tr	NN	Broaden your horizons , pop star . "
tr	NNS	Even father has doubts , as do many of the Pharisees .
tr	NN	She wasn 't blowing her assigned task on a technicality .
tr	NN	" The bullet casings indicated a high-powered rifle .
tr	NN	Her older brother , Brax , rubbed his knuckles into her hair .
tr	NNS	A common day thief wouldn 't want our photographs .
tr	NNS	" You find the wires , Butch ? "
tr	NN	Darling direct interfaces the hospital 's highest-level PR page , reads the proud masthead bragging its date of origin .
tr	NN	He 'd expected her initial resistance , at least until she had time to think things through .
tr	NN	" I do not take your meaning . "
tr	NNS	I could hear soft weeping inside .
tr	NNS	" I must have gotten some additions along the way , because I 've never seen most of these before .
tr	NNS	They hauled him aboard and brought him back to safety .
tr	NN	She could see skepticism in his face .
tr	NNS	Sarah-Jane delivered their plates .
tr	NN	It 's like shooting fish in a barrel .
tr	NNS	At first she tried the obvious biographical sites .
tr	NN	When everyone was ready , Kham opened the rear tailgate and we trooped outside .
tr	NNS	Underneath the bullets and flying brass casings coming out of their pistols , Josie scrambled backwards , on her hands and heels .
tr	NNS	He earned extra points for that .
tr	NN	She could no longer taste the delicious misery she 'd created .
tr	NNS	Visit the Bureau leaders .
tr	NN	Just seeing her , safe and sound , and with such a cheerful outlook , melted Moses ' resolve to make a scene .
tr	NNS	They have foreign fathers who got their mothers pregnant and then left the country .
tr	NN	I twirl my pencil .
tr	NNS	And if you 're coming along with me , who 'll watch the dogs ? "
tr	NN	Lucien swallowed a groan .
tr	NN	She pulled the pencil from behind her ear , scribbling and mumbling to herself .
tr	NN	It can have that effect sometimes . "
tr	NNS	Something else was transmitting the nightmares to Sini 's implant .
tr	NNS	She 's made many changes that have improved this coven . "
tr	NN	She aimed her rifle at the jungle and strained to catch a glimpse of movement independent of the flora .
tr	NN	We will never know the extent of the cruelty he experienced , of the abuse that he took .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes .
tr	NNS	Well , excuse my rudeness but this is a little disturbing . "
tr	NNS	Some people didn 't spare the candles , and he got one or two very interesting views .
tr	NNS	This place gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	" Keep hunting criminals and justify their deaths . "
tr	NNS	I yanked the torn pages from him , folded them inside the notebook , and shoved the whole thing back into his chest .
tr	NN	The minister makes one last announcement .
tr	NNS	" If you need me tonight , you call me , Jess . "
tr	NN	He caught the snicker in her voice and shot her a scowl .
tr	NNS	" And don 't get any crumbs on me , this is my good shirt . "
tr	NNS	But he does have good instincts .
tr	NN	He grins and rubs the scruff on his jaw .
tr	NN	I rose unsteadily , my chains clinking a little .
tr	NN	Glancing at my phone for the tenth time in like five minutes I let out a frustrated growl .
tr	NNS	If I couldn 't sleep , then I would study my surroundings .
tr	NN	He scrutinized the ancient scroll for any signs of secrets that could be revealed between the lines , but found none either .
tr	NNS	The guy has made billions .
tr	NN	Her hand stroked my cock from base to tip , making my control ebb away .
tr	NN	Both men made a mad dash down the sidewalk pursued on foot by two bounty hunters .
tr	NNS	My emotions flooded my senses , leaving me overwhelmed and confused .
tr	NNS	" They work all sorts of cool jobs , mentoring younger vamps and acting as security for VIPs in the Council . "
tr	NN	" Ryan owes me a favor for cleaning up his mess , anyway . "
tr	NN	I fought the urge to call his name aloud .
tr	NN	Instinctively , I threw my vase at him and he misfired and swore .
tr	NN	" Does anyone ever win an argument with you ? "
tr	NN	He drew a second dagger from his belt , another thin stiletto .
tr	NN	Resigned , she put her pen down .
tr	NNS	After she died , the campaign volunteers adopted the cats .
tr	NN	Sean closed the monitor on his video camera .
tr	NNS	Display cases showed chunks of unrefined gold , with small plaques designating where and when they 'd been found .
tr	NNS	She had blood al over her throat and he had it on his mouth !
tr	NN	" See his blue coloring ?
tr	NN	Pandora had an urge to snatch the muffin quickly , but she held off .
tr	NNS	And I can 't control other people 's actions , only my own .
tr	NNS	Cool air hit her exposed folds .
tr	NN	They came down the gangplank to the dock .
tr	NN	She grabbed a pillow and attempted to shove the pathetic cushion into a threadbare pillowcase .
tr	NN	He had a silver revolver in his hand that looked like he reached into a television and pulled it out of a Dirty Harry movie .
tr	NNS	Damn the gods for their stupid rules .
tr	NN	Boardroom psychology , the bastard 's approach .
tr	NNS	She found his reaction humorous .
tr	NN	I have a goal in mind , but my characters take on their own life and have their own ideas about how to live them .
tr	NN	I 'm arranging a feeding in a matter of minutes .
tr	NN	A survivor is living proof that with each day , each year , memories weaken and gradually become a distant fragment of the past .
tr	NNS	He swept the coats that had been carefully folded over the chair to the floor .
tr	NN	I pinch the hem of my shirt , but I can 't feel my fingertips .
tr	NN	I have no objection to education as long as it doesn 't interfere with my sleep . "
tr	NN	I whispered to the tent and Ghost jumped up , all four paws landing on my chest and belly .
tr	NNS	We have teams monitoring movements , but they claim they 're all just warlocks , no demons running around in the cornfields .
tr	NNS	I 'll give you seventy-five thousand dollars for this place . "
tr	NNS	We don 't use man-made chemicals on our natural crops for food or plants . "
tr	NN	He gripped the canister in his hand and used it to punch me in the face .
tr	NNS	He spread his palms on her thighs , fingers digging into the firm muscle and soft flesh .
tr	NNS	Vimes knew all the arguments for having different species in the Watch .
tr	NNS	She had made the banana cream pies in advance and they were currently chilling in the fridge .
tr	NNS	' I have known many gods .
tr	NNS	We must take all the Fugitive Spirits . "
tr	NN	" No ; hardly , " said the admiral ; " he couldn 't be such a goose as that .
tr	NN	" Feel like some hot chocolate ? "
tr	NN	Hoping to move on to a less embarrassing topic , I picked up my bird and brought it back to the desk .
tr	NNS	Each section would hold one or two chairs looking a computer screen recording all the new information .
tr	NNS	Their claws hit the plump birds with the soft thud of crushed wings .
tr	NN	She threw a pillow at him .
tr	NNS	True , I derided the teachings that have been passed onto us , but never once did I accuse the faith of brutality .
tr	NN	Westlake opens a file and pulls out some papers .
tr	NNS	Everything from salesmen bartering their wares to travelling bands of minstrels performing at every other intersection .
tr	NN	In the morning , see my steward .
tr	NN	At the end of it he could see a clapboard farmhouse with a barn behind it and a clean red pickup truck next to it .
tr	NN	She gave whatever bolt she was turning one last twist and straightened .
tr	NNS	Not knowing what else to do , I made arrangements to get you this dog .
tr	NN	He was just a stick figure a placeholder , a threat , a deadline to force her hand .
tr	NNS	He has two family members who belong to our agency there .
tr	NN	Mitch gunned the jeep and sped to Bodden Town .
tr	NNS	I switched directions and took us to my car .
tr	NNS	But if they had found her fingerprints ... " Yes . "
tr	NNS	She was experiencing some difficulties with her teenage daughter , but she 'd only touched on that subject briefly .
tr	NN	He whipped the rolled-up magazine this way and that , slamming it into his opponent 's chest , throat , and face .
tr	NN	He explained glumly , hands on knees while he fought for air .
tr	NNS	" Yes , let our Aphrodite deal the cards . "
tr	NNS	It piqued her senses as she inhaled .
tr	NN	" So ... " One of his fingers tucked a strand of blond hair behind my ear .
tr	NNS	Now she saw the coldness in his face and her smile went out .
tr	NNS	" But we have bikes too . "
tr	NNS	Her father did not even allow cards in his house , but she wasn 't really surprised that Andrew possessed some .
tr	NNS	The First Sergeant could take her two demerit points and shove them up her uptight ass .
tr	NN	Detective Sullivan couldn 't access your file . "
tr	NN	Despite this , he caught a glimpse of the huge obsidian rock .
tr	NN	Faye took the dagger and handed it to Cassie , handle first .
tr	NN	I twirled a loose auburn curl around my finger absentmindedly , trying to remain casual .
tr	NN	He 'd liked to chew on her pant legs , insistently , until she picked him up and cuddled him , his true goal .
tr	NNS	You know those little sitting areas in the mall ?
tr	NNS	We minimized the losses as much as we could .
tr	NN	However , I do know quite a depth of theory , so please do not misinterpret my forward behaviour for experience . '
tr	NN	Something in how he said " partner " made her stomach flutter .
tr	NNS	He studied his surroundings .
tr	NN	Swallowing hard , she fought a sudden mutinous onslaught of tears and raised her hand to knock .
tr	NNS	" You jotting down the directions before you forget them ? "
tr	NNS	The better to record any confessions that Cale might make .
tr	NNS	The President accepted his apologies and Colonel Patterson hit the red button on his phone , placed it in his attaché case and closed the lid .
tr	NN	" We 'll take it from here , " said a red-haired nurse as she hustled the attendant out the door .
tr	NN	How much time before they forgot his command and did as they wished ?
tr	NN	He had always adored the delicacy of small breasts but now found himself entranced by the soft globes that shaped the front of the annoyingly loose T-shirt .
tr	NN	You can 't get internet on your phone ? "
tr	NNS	Scattered soldiers panicked and broke ranks before being hauled back into place by their brothers in arms .
tr	NNS	" We use migrant workers to carry the stuff over the border in small quantities . " "
tr	NN	Alistair withdrew his thigh from between her legs .
tr	NNS	So far she 'd seen two accidents and had slipped on ice twice .
tr	NNS	Opening the refrigerator , he found three beers and grabbed them by the necks in one hand .
tr	NNS	" We have checked 1000 soil samples , and there is no evidence of the parasites .
tr	NN	We left the nightclub and found the only place in the casino without slot machines : the stairs .
tr	NNS	Randy poured the beers as the girls sampled their wine .
tr	NN	Antonia groaned pulled her burger closer , taking another fortifying bite .
tr	NN	" Now you 're talking my language .
tr	NN	Watching him made her dizzy .
tr	NN	I grab a muffin , a healthy oat bran variety , lacking in taste but pretty filling , and I am at my car in minutes .
tr	NNS	" Just don 't take any more chances , okay ?
tr	NN	' Sorry to disturb you , sir , ' said the clerk .
tr	NNS	His hands cupped her breasts .
tr	NN	Feeling green too , I noticed a monitor on the dashboard showing the many miles ahead of us .
tr	NN	As he continued to suck at her breast , she rubbed her wet pussy up and down his cock , until he was slick with her juices .
tr	NNS	" Any requests ? "
tr	NN	You tellin ' me Azazel took time outta his busy day to set up shop in some farmer 's boy in the Missouri backcountry ?
tr	NNS	" Fuck the deer .
tr	NNS	She overheard the word hormones and little else .
tr	NN	I dip the cloth down his side , over the rippled muscle .
tr	NN	Should we do a trap ? "
tr	NNS	Actually , Kylie had doubts about Miranda 's protecting abilities , but she wouldn 't dare say that .
tr	NN	We couldn 't stop the bleeding once we 'd removed the chip . "
tr	NNS	The stories in the newspaper will bring you great PR , and you 're just the afterthought of the news piece . "
tr	NNS	Scratches and bruises riddled her thighs and abdomen .
tr	NNS	Why would I wear T-shirts and jeans ?
tr	NN	To survive , they needed very advanced technology , that only Eve was able to develop .
tr	NNS	She heard fast footfalls from behind , someone running toward her .
tr	NN	He felt her resistance , but even as it formed , it crumbled .
tr	NN	One of our workers who likes sculpture created this statue using the material he found here at Callisto .
tr	NNS	" They don 't know much about engines . "
tr	NN	But don 't give me the silent treatment .
tr	NN	You want a bath , Boots ? "
tr	NNS	He felt boneless and sated to his very soul .
tr	NN	" Love you , baby , " I whispered in her ear , she gave me a squeeze and whispered the same words back .
tr	NNS	" Fair enough , " Claire cleared the dishes off the table , opened the freezer and put them inside one by one .
tr	NNS	He served three tours in Iraq .
tr	NNS	Rachel still lost more arguments to that child than she won .
tr	NN	He gave a hearty stretch and ran in place for a moment .
tr	NNS	We 'd cleaned the dishes and the kitchen , leaving me worn out afterward .
tr	NN	" Okay , then , why don 't you give me a quick riding lesson ? "
tr	NNS	" I 've done the numbers .
tr	NN	" So wait until he 's done with his shower , " Stephanie suggested , then held up the package in her hand .
tr	NN	For some reason , she was expecting old painting , not impressionist stylings obviously taken from the human world .
tr	NNS	He handled the basics and then hovered over her , trembling .
tr	NN	" During the lawsuit ? "
tr	NNS	Almost a fictional beast that bards carried tales of .
tr	NNS	Mia , you 're not bleeding from hitting the wall , you have scratch marks on your back . "
tr	NN	He slid the duffel off his knees and placed it on the floor and unzipped it .
tr	NNS	He pressed his palms against his eyes .
tr	NNS	Then I patted the mattress beside me , inviting her closer .
tr	NN	I 've done my duty .
tr	NNS	To his face they made optimistic remarks but he knew they shook their heads when they thought he couldn 't see .
tr	NN	With a sharp mental command , I sent the clock flying toward his head .
tr	NN	In the meantime , this one will run the refrigerator and some lights , but I wouldn 't tax it more than that . "
tr	NN	" What can have that effect ? "
tr	NNS	We have worked our doctor skills to ensure you will be healthy , my Lady .
tr	NN	As she closed it he saw the words Hearken Homecoming on the spine in large black letters .
tr	NNS	The duke was escorting their fathers to the carriages , a sign of respect that did not go unnoticed .
tr	NN	Then again , maybe she had a brain tumor provoking her to do things she normal y wouldn 't do .
tr	NN	" But Jonah had learned his lesson .
tr	NNS	Long Hair took the empty cups back , a huge grin now spread across his face .
tr	NNS	I dropped the note cards to the floor and wiped my nose with the lace hem of my wedding dress .
tr	NN	If you run , it will give chase , and an Olympic sprinter given a quarter mile head start would eventually have a tiger on his back .
tr	NNS	Karen could see small reflections on the tracks another two hundred feet in front of them .
tr	NNS	There were whispered murmurs from the members of the Council before they gave their unanimous approval .
tr	NNS	Men don 't carry umbrellas . "
tr	NN	Then she covered the bird with silver foil .
tr	NN	I don 't mean this castle .
tr	NNS	Jamie , the main character , embodied all the wonderful attributes of my sister , and all the worries I had for her future .
tr	NN	A repairman would probably know the location of every phone in the county .
tr	NNS	Rising from the edge of the bed , she kicked her sandals free and shimmied out of her shorts before he could make it across the room .
tr	NN	Just thinking about living without Dean made her heart ache .
tr	NNS	" Tina , I saw the blue roses in the cooler .
tr	NNS	Sunlight warmed the temperature sensors on his upraised face , and a great peace took hold of him .
tr	NN	So stop pretending and tell me what 's up . "
tr	NNS	She made good points about cultural relativism , and I had to rethink what I 've heard about the Syndicate , based on her remarks .
tr	NNS	I 'll give you each ten dollars each to go with Stevenson and ambush them .
tr	NN	Use your peephole and call me if anything seems ... um , I guess ... strange . "
tr	NNS	He could smell the chemicals that had been used to bathe these walls .
tr	NNS	Had he created IOF 's citizens in his own image , or did he just have a good makeup person ?
tr	NN	I met his razor-sharp glare with a grimace .
tr	NNS	" Then I 'll make arrangements to be elsewhere .
tr	NN	The Seahawks were playing football .
tr	NN	Bones couldn 't contain his snort .
tr	NN	Scotty 's hotel is right next door ; a classy place , " Charmaine whispered , her lips brushing his ear lobe .
tr	NN	Lifting my right leg , I forced his hip deeper against me , feeling the hardness of his erection deep between my legs .
tr	NN	The sexual glitter in his eyes played havoc with her nerves .
tr	NNS	It housed students and educators and administrators and had a population of 65,000 population .
tr	NNS	The paintings hanging on the walls had red frames and held nothing but canvases painted solid red .
tr	NN	How could they have been , if she felt this vast attraction to him , untainted by any negativity ?
tr	NNS	Dipping his head to me in silent tribute , he turns and ushers his reluctant sons into the black sedan at the curb .
tr	NNS	It also had nearby restaurants for take-out .
tr	NN	" In a few days ' time we will mark an occasion that I have only had the privilege of seeing four times within my life .
tr	NN	She looked a bit sheepish and William regretted making her feel uncomfortable with his flip comment .
tr	NN	Rena picked up a handful of stones , letting them drop one at a time back to the ground .
tr	NNS	" Conrad , " he spoke through clenched teeth , " I have already made arrangements to take Sarah to the event tomorrow evening . "
tr	NN	Due to his nomadic career , he had not purchased any real estate .
tr	NNS	Kane couldn 't remember his lyrics .
tr	NNS	How many centuries have we danced around your death ?
tr	NN	He 'd had ammo for his .357 then .
tr	NN	" From a central core of harmony will arise a central coven .
tr	NNS	Somehow , I must have fried my brain 's worrying circuits , because the thoughts finally just stopped .
tr	NN	You 've still got my pencil in the back of your hand . "
tr	NN	He dropped the cloth in the bowl and tightened the dressing on the stump .
tr	NNS	We all parked the bikes up on the sidewalk since the driveway was full .
tr	NNS	" I really don 't like androids .
tr	NN	Peter ran a napkin over his bald head and swallowed hard .
tr	NN	" What trial are you talking about ? "
tr	NNS	She pats her pockets for the keys .
tr	NN	" Listen , you can either put the code in or I can search your desk and put it in myself .
tr	NN	" I have leftover Chinese , or I have to cook something . "
tr	NN	" I am officially giving my resignation .
tr	NNS	They recounted their glorious discoveries .
tr	NNS	They negotiated the ruins as best they could , but the anonymous industrial corridors appeared identical in the near dark .
tr	NNS	Cain 's eyes glowed dangerously .
tr	NNS	And squeeze my thighs together .
tr	NNS	Dani still had some tubes connected to her , but the color had returned to her cheeks .
tr	NN	After Jenson helped him to the car , Karson pulled out the tracking receiver .
tr	NN	Max opened the bottom drawer of his desk and took out a bottle of whiskey .
tr	NN	" And if I want a trial ? "
tr	NN	She parked in a numbered spot , then popped the trunk so he could retrieve his bag .
tr	NN	And a squeal , " It 's about time we had some decent leadership around here ! "
tr	NN	He 's ... an acquaintance of mine and mentioned that I might received news of him through his agent .
tr	NNS	" I smoke cigarettes .
tr	NN	She 'd expected more input from the superior ranked warriors .
tr	NN	They wore white velvet covered all over with pearls , gifts of His Majesty .
tr	NNS	" If you cuss , throw five bucks in there .
tr	NN	And then , he heard the low murmuring .
tr	NNS	" Hold your cards . "
tr	NNS	I found several buildings that might work , and a couple of likely candidates .
tr	NNS	" I made biscuits .
tr	NNS	Closer , he could see the wooden frames of war machines , at least one on fire .
tr	NNS	We 're consenting adults who wanted to have some harmless fun .
tr	NN	Max throws his lighter across the room .
tr	NN	I had a female version of Viggo on my hands .
tr	NNS	She asked , only a few inches from his face , he still hadn 't retrieved his hat and his cologne was stronger than she 'd realized .
tr	NNS	Casinos always had easy marks , even the poor ones .
tr	NN	A blow to the side of JC 's head sent her smashing to the ground .
tr	NN	Standing head and shoulders above her , this man had a bad attitude so fierce it bled from every pore of his skin .
tr	NN	" And then we 'd have a happy Longbow instead of the gloomy one we all know and love .
tr	NNS	I 've been overhearing students - " " But if it 's not a full moon , it can 't be you . "
tr	NNS	The Legion had already mastered two elements from years upon years of training ; time and electricity .
tr	NN	She broke open the new charger and dug her phone out of her pocket , then plugged it in and waited for the white apple to appear .
tr	NNS	And maybe he can tell my folks I 'm all right .
tr	NNS	Now , we 're not talking babies , here . "
tr	NNS	" I 'm sharpening the cook 's knives . "
tr	NNS	" I found the scones -- " I cut her off in the middle of her sentence .
tr	NNS	" How many secured sectors of the Spider territory are there on the south border ? "
tr	NNS	" The solid line shows the areas we have already covered .
tr	NNS	She would omit the most obviously Great Philosophical Questions , and stick to those which a reasonably thoughtful and intelligent person might be expected to answer .
tr	NNS	" These guys took their libraries seriously . "
tr	NNS	Most of them had bizarre talents , but others in the show were there because of their physical attributes and deformities .
tr	NNS	He hooked his thumbs in the folds of his robes , thus ensuring that the bandages on his right hand remained highly visible .
tr	NN	The lights grew dimmer behind my eyelids as red-hot bolts of pain ripped through my body .
tr	NNS	" You 're doubling our chances . "
tr	NN	However , I have not altogether given up the possibility of finding Mr. Dean at this moment .
tr	NNS	Because he had obligations .
tr	NNS	" Get me cool rags .
tr	NN	Gordon gave the approaching group his best bouncers ' appraisal .
tr	NN	" I was just teasing honey , of course I do !
tr	NNS	Made funeral arrangements and everything .
tr	NN	Seating himself in a nearby chair he unzipped his briefcase .
tr	NNS	I want all our citizens to realize that I 've decided to stay in high security enclosures as we root out all those responsible for this attack .
tr	NN	Not all people have that talent . "
tr	NNS	He 'd already felt the gaps along the bottom corner .
tr	NNS	The woman had had balls of steel and had killed a man with her bare hands when he 'd caught her stealing .
tr	NNS	She moved some stools out of the way , unsurprised to find him in such a state .
tr	NN	They had only the barest of clues about the locations of the others .
tr	NNS	Elliott got up and walked over to Mitchell , and to Mitchell 's initial surprise , he directed his remarks to him rather than Kate 's uncle .
tr	NN	She had a strong urge to shake hands , but she managed to overcome it .
tr	NNS	Ian cleared the tracks and leapt onto the platform with seconds to spare , his kilt flying as he ran for Hart .
tr	NNS	If we could steal two of their horses , that would increase our chances of outrunning them , even if it made it more difficult to hide .
tr	NN	I had a pen in my jeans , and I wanted to get it out .
tr	NN	This sent a shockwave reverberating straight down my spine .
tr	NN	Thus he achieved the correct height .
tr	NNS	She 'd hated dogs ever since getting a nip from Captain Ris 's surly hound as a child .
tr	NN	Still , it had the same effect .
tr	NN	She dropped the receiver back in the cradle .
tr	NN	Using the threshold to keep them from surrounding me ?
tr	NNS	He had rudeness elevated to a whole new level .
tr	NNS	By the time they had finished their errands and were on their way back to the others it was already nearing dusk .
tr	NN	She spotted the rod of steel behind a piece of equipment .
tr	NN	" Did I learn my lesson well ? "
tr	NN	Pop a cap in anything that comes sniffing . "
tr	NN	To scratch the itch and get it out of her system .
tr	NN	" Got a pen ? "
tr	NNS	" And their legendary powers ? "
tr	NNS	He was getting dribble and biscuit crumbs everywhere .
tr	NNS	A Slav led the two dogs on leashes .
tr	NNS	I won 't be washing dishes in one of your ... hotel chains ? "
tr	NN	It 's called humanity . '
tr	NN	" The user is offered a tube rider or direct transport to reach the starting point of his game .
tr	NN	Mana put her sewing down and regarded them over the lenses of her glasses .
tr	NN	Her hair had completely escaped its clip .
tr	NN	I 'll take that wager .
tr	NN	It offered little protection , leather and stuffing flying as the bullet blazed through and barely missed my belly .
tr	NNS	The doorways on either side still had Alliance control panels blinking an out-of-place red warning light to show they were all locked fast .
tr	NNS	He ignored the stares and eventually I found myself ignoring them , too .
tr	NN	It will only possess , rape and murder . "
tr	NNS	I pressed my palms against the cool wall .
tr	NN	I smear the butter all over the pancakes and it makes a mess with the syrup .
tr	NN	Rachel brushed a strand of hair from her cheek .
tr	NN	The girl raised the white rope -- tied with a fat , squarish knot -- to her mouth .
tr	NN	Ava Jane hit the proverbial nail on the head .
tr	NNS	Besides , we 've had dogs that chased the cattle . "
tr	NNS	Josh punched a few numbers and held up the calculator for Carol to see .
tr	NNS	When we came to the first stream crossing , I slipped the reins through my fingers .
tr	NNS	My wolf ripped her jaws in the air .
tr	NNS	Ty 's gaze followed her movements .
tr	NNS	You even have purple scales , how quaint ! "
tr	NN	I keep my face placid , but my anger flares .
tr	NNS	I felt water drops on my legs as I kicked up countless amounts of flowers of every color shape and size .
tr	NN	I will get this contraption running .
tr	NN	If wages were included as well as room and board , she could fulfill her obligation to the Lady 's court .
tr	NN	I thought of Avalon and Jericho and even Roxie , knowing that I would protect them first under any circumstance .
tr	NNS	" Some of those houses still have their markings .
tr	NNS	Then she had walked the four blocks to the inn , where she rented a room .
tr	NNS	He clutched his ribs and toed off his shoes .
tr	NNS	" I have my doubts about that .
tr	NN	I watched the yellow cream soak into the biscuit , then took a bite .
tr	NNS	We don 't have any abilities of predicting the storm . "
tr	NN	The boys are feeling their testosterone these days .
tr	NNS	After ten minutes or so , he pulls the blinds , turns out the lights , and sits next to me .
tr	NN	But because of filming she 'd postponed the celebration to today .
tr	NNS	That would probably ruin your credentials at the job .
tr	NN	" May I begin my presentation How to Sword Dance now ? "
tr	NN	" Turn around again , " Alcide suggested a little hoarsely .
tr	NNS	" You bet your balls he did .
tr	NN	They carried a range of heavy farming tools .
tr	NN	No matter how hard I tried , I just didn 't have that same attraction .
tr	NN	" The castle has been freed my Queen .
tr	NNS	And already he regretted his actions this day .
tr	NN	But I love all those mystical , chanting tones too .
tr	NNS	He pulled aside the covers , and she crawled into bed fully clothed .
tr	NN	He 'd received his promotion and was ready to defend corporate America .
tr	NNS	I would probably regret my next actions .
tr	NN	And they give the impression of moving together , in surging patterns ... " " A flock of fireflies ? "
tr	NNS	I take several gulps from my plastic tumbler .
tr	NN	I sipped my ginger ale and watched them .
tr	NN	" I have a proposition for you . "
tr	NN	I can 't take this crap anymore .
tr	NN	Roger pulled open his middle drawer and pulled out a few cards and handed them to me .
tr	NNS	" Wolves don 't make good pets . "
tr	NNS	At auction , they brought millions .
tr	NNS	He had himself supervise the arrangements for Chris 's stay .
tr	NNS	To make it just business , he 'd even pay me five hundred dollars .
tr	NN	Here , " Max pulls a pen from his back pocket and scribbles a number on a napkin .
tr	NNS	The warmth of her body and the fire of her mouth melted any doubts about her loyalty that had formed like icicles in his mind .
tr	NNS	Stepping toward me , she hooked her thumbs in the belt loops near my zipper .
tr	NNS	" Why can 't you prepare foods that must be chewed ?
tr	NN	The bite shot a zing of sensation to every limb .
tr	NN	The point wiped away the possibility of flirting or attraction or what ifs .
tr	NNS	I have hunted witches and heretics down across Europe .
tr	NN	She checked her wristwatch and saw it was just after noon .
tr	NNS	I strung three 3A breakers in parallel .
tr	NN	A different kind of shivers ran down my spine , and I felt goose bumps all over my skin .
tr	NN	Kylie sensed the attraction between the two of them the first time she saw them together .
tr	NN	Glitch is probably having a minor breakdown about now .
tr	NNS	" And you have no suspicions ? "
tr	NN	But I 'll get credit for trying , a bona fide hero . "
tr	NNS	" Did John have any future visions of me ? "
tr	NN	" My lady , " he murmured , bowing his head , " you have a visitor . "
tr	NN	As he drew near , she could just make out the thick wad of pamphlets under his other arm .
tr	NN	Steve straightens out his pointer and middle finger of his right hand and puts them close together while curling his other fingers close to his palm .
tr	NNS	The kitten needed booster shots and needed to be fed a little extra to bulk up to a healthier weight .
tr	NN	The trees flew past them : oak , pine , chestnut , they could not tell in the darkness .
tr	NN	Pure animal attraction . "
tr	NNS	She squeezed her thighs together .
tr	NN	Then he mostly felt the urge to get sick again .
tr	NN	" So where did you get the uniform and the gun ? "
tr	NN	After getting into position to identify the men who killed his parents , he heard a disturbance .
tr	NN	Stokes had a new respect for the women employed as lady 's maids .
tr	NNS	We can 't afford many more contacts with our man without causing suspicion . "
tr	NN	She finished up the impromptu haircut , and I took a deep breath before I stood and checked myself out .
tr	NN	" I had a hunch that was what was going on . "
tr	NN	He walked up the marbled stair of the gothic styled church that resembled those in Italy .
tr	NN	But he often saw this seriousness , this aggressiveness , in modern females .
tr	NN	" I need new furniture for my house but I right .
tr	NNS	The case held the typical varieties of chocolate chip , oatmeal , and molasses cookies .
tr	NN	Once , twice , he rubbed his shaft against her .
tr	NNS	" Have it your way , love birds . "
tr	NNS	That put his twin almost to the river by day 's end .
tr	NN	She applies the sun block like massage oil , rubbing his muscles like a trained masseuse .
tr	NN	Sergei controlled the disgust that roiled through him at her complete lack of ambition .
tr	NN	Matt and Tony gave each matching grins .
tr	NN	Ashe gave a thumbs-up to the furniture delivery crew .
tr	NN	A shift in the wind carried the faint fragrance of her perfume .
tr	NNS	Back in Rome they 've refined the spells to the point where any Wizard can get a positive ID with a single hair . "
tr	NNS	When Tiberius turned in his saddle to look back at the wagon , she gave him quick thumbs up .
tr	NNS	Both lances hit their marks , each with a mighty crack !
tr	NNS	" And if you kids feel like stealing , I 've got cameras on every square inch of the place . "
tr	NNS	" Adam , do our millions of dead mean nothing to you ? "
tr	NNS	I get all sorts in her during the week for lunch .
tr	NNS	Jack wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	She took utensils to her own roast .
tr	NNS	I expected something gruff , perhaps crude .
tr	NNS	Drake and Drew 's held protection spells .
tr	NNS	" He has some pretty strong drugs in his system right now .
tr	NN	Forty miles away Frank read her email and smiled .
tr	NNS	The cold bit like fangs during the night .
tr	NNS	Janet pushed the roses off her lap and wrapped her arms around him .
tr	NN	Searching through her purse she pulled out a small notepad and a pen .
tr	NN	Carolyn said this stiffly , as if she regretted ever commenting on her plans .
tr	NN	But not so much in the streets anymore , now they have their temple , an ecclesia , as they call it .
tr	NN	Still in her winter coat , Meg took the pen from the Crow .
tr	NN	He eased his c * ck in a little bit and paused .
tr	NN	I touch his thigh .
tr	NN	I 'll make you hot chocolate and even let you win . "
tr	NN	But far too soon , she abandoned his cock to tug at his jeans .
tr	NNS	Her breaths grew shallow .
tr	NNS	She took some utensils out of the drawer and placed them in front of him , along with a glass of wine .
tr	NN	They can 't lay claim to that , either . "
tr	NNS	Vlad seldom mentioned his thoughtful deeds .
tr	NNS	He brushes a few stray hairs off my face .
tr	NNS	For some reason he though he 'd be meeting elderly folks , those who were on their way out of life .
tr	NN	She handed me the empty picnic basket and we walked quickly towards the exit in silence .
tr	NNS	Just as before , he had stockpiled supplies under the room 's floorboards .
tr	NNS	Browning 's wife has given him ten sons .
tr	NN	I made a sweep with the glasses until I was satisfied there wasn 't anyone around then headed for the dock and cut the power .
tr	NNS	Now , he unlocked the various protection mechanisms on the time device and pulled it from its padded environment .
tr	NNS	One squad fired their repeating crossbows and then another squad on the opposite side launched theirs .
tr	NNS	Sometimes I build the models , too . "
tr	NN	I feel someone ram into me from behind and I am thrown to the ground on the other side .
tr	NN	He can 't ignore the landscape , either : acres upon acres of green .
tr	NN	" Clearly , you do require protection , else we wouldn 't be here . "
tr	NNS	" You 'll get twelve hundred dollars out of it . "
tr	NNS	If he hasn 't , I 'll send the twins .
tr	NNS	She cupped my balls gently , running her fingertips over the sensitive skin .
tr	NNS	A mermaid who could teach a squid to roll might well have other pets in her control .
tr	NNS	Typical wolf pack dominance issues , indeed .
tr	NNS	I eat the frozen waffles like I haven 't eaten in days as he watches me .
tr	NNS	But they aren 't giving up their rights as foster parents or their adoption desires .
tr	NN	I should really learn the language . "
tr	NN	Unable to still her trembling , she removed the nightgown and tossed it aside .
tr	NNS	Undoubtedly he was also scrutinising my neural data .
tr	NNS	At first , he found excuses to come down .
tr	NN	After that , I had the unbelievable privilege of making her my wife .
tr	NN	" We won 't have a repeat of last time .
tr	NNS	And " - there was subterranean whispering - " make that several buckets of water .
tr	NNS	He could not perform powerful spells .
tr	NN	He got Josh 's meaning .
tr	NNS	" I have other connections , " said Magnus , clearly taking pity on him , " and I need to do more research first .
tr	NN	His eyes spoke a language I 'd never heard , and yet I understood .
tr	NN	The sacrifice of the nickname simply underlined the severity of the situation .
tr	NN	" You trusted your friend blindly ! "
tr	NNS	Vel carries hooked blades that he uses as an extension of his hands .
tr	NN	" It would require a unanimous vote . "
tr	NNS	I spotted the lies but failed in digging out the rest . "
tr	NN	Sometimes he could even feel her hands clench in anger .
tr	NNS	That night when we were lying in bed I confessed my fears to her that my life would repeat itself .
tr	NN	Rema snatched a handful , feeding them to Lightning as they neared the exit .
tr	NN	She couldn 't find her swimsuit anywhere and cursed fluently this time as Ned had taught her to .
tr	NNS	The fire flickered dimly .
tr	NN	Entire sections were missing paint , exposing the cement walls .
tr	NNS	Zook scanned the panels .
tr	NN	He clutched his groin and smiled .
tr	NNS	She had no doubts about this particular unit ; she 'd spent the last few days spying on them .
tr	NN	No matter what she thought of him now , she could never fault his talent as a writer .
tr	NN	The Sphinx gave this some consideration .
tr	NN	She heard a disturbance behind her and turned to see two horses galloping up the road .
tr	NNS	None of them had lost lovers , though , or even spouses .
tr	NNS	" Five dollars . "
tr	NNS	Jonathan checked his jacket pockets , but the apples were gone .
tr	NNS	Standing , she collected the dirty dishes .
tr	NN	He slid my pillow back under my head .
tr	NN	Daddy knows the owner , and he 's totally cool with it . "
tr	NN	Jazz grabbed the dashboard and pulled herself back upright , ratcheting the seat to a straight position .
tr	NNS	We lost the Southern wolves for the time being , but I 'm certain they 'll find us soon .
tr	NNS	David Jamison discouraged all forms of employee socialization .
tr	NNS	I can shut down the cameras and recorders .
tr	NN	" But I 've got some gardening I need done , and your boy will look nice in a pair of cutoffs . "
tr	NNS	He had issues and it only lasted the week . "
tr	NN	I heard my voice shout .
tr	NNS	You have some doubts you couldn 't enter in the report ? "
tr	NNS	" Why do women so often form their own packs ?
tr	NN	Who gave you a bulletproof vest ? "
tr	NN	Hank wouldn 't have a prayer .
tr	NN	Bernard nodded , a barely perceptible gesture .
tr	NNS	We have difficulties as you might guess , finding the rare talents to begin with .
tr	NNS	Tom picked up his items and pocketed them .
tr	NN	She could neutralize the acid in the system and break the glycerin down naturally ; neither was toxic alone .
tr	NNS	My jaw tightens at the thought of the blond Blythe has lost her senses over .
tr	NNS	By the way , you will probably also notice some changes in the newspapers and radio .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes .
tr	NN	The room had a small balcony , and we sat out there for a while .
tr	NNS	He and Vlad and Jenni had raided the Market Square stores for clothes to keep Meg warm .
tr	NNS	Brother Martin also heard confessions , but he had a different approach to protect their souls from evil .
tr	NN	It replaced the swirling void with warmth .
tr	NNS	I am introducing dramatic changes .
tr	NN	After a while I understood its function and when it sort of disappeared I assumed you were free of Gilgamesh 's grasp . "
tr	NN	And then Norman lost consciousness , and everything was black .
tr	NNS	Does that include the killings ? "
tr	NNS	They got the brains of bugs , and like bugs they always come back .
tr	NNS	How does one earn five billion dollars ?
tr	NN	The desk had a drawer in it with a handle .
tr	NNS	The prisoners broke ranks sauntering away a few paces , speaking to each other in small groups .
tr	NNS	" We all have arrangements to make for tomorrow .
tr	NN	Alanna was dancing a waltz with him through a glen and all the kingdom was there to celebrate their marriage .
tr	NN	Sarah defended her argument , unfazed .
tr	NN	Was the former Chief of Police committing perjury for the sake of obtaining a conviction on a crime he was unable to solve ?
tr	NNS	If all that wasn 't enough to save her soul , she would take her chances with the Devil .
tr	NN	It wouldn 't leave his possession until he could give it back to her .
tr	NNS	Sara 's had bad nightmares like this her whole life .
tr	NNS	Remember , I knew your ancestors before they were lost in the great wars in Europe .
tr	NNS	They both made enthusiastic noises about the excellence of the food .
tr	NNS	Or maybe she could pull the funds out of her trust fund .
tr	NN	Then he moved the small cloth he had for the camera 's protection and pulled out a Glock 17 .
tr	NNS	Good paper in a good room will last centuries .
tr	NNS	They should 've already have patients there . "
tr	NNS	He 'd reached his eighty-seven points , securing his spot in the finals .
tr	NNS	' Does farting make clouds ? '
tr	NN	He rolled out a sum that was only marginally lower than the rent for the Bondi apartment .
tr	NNS	You have more faeries frolicking in your bedroom ? "
tr	NNS	Matthew 's taking deep breaths , pain Noise and grief Noise dripping everywhere , and fury , too , at losing control so publicly .
tr	NN	He had no castle , no lands , and little glory to brag of .
tr	NN	The destroyer was now being hosed , hits landing all over the forward part of the ship .
tr	NN	" If left to me , " she whispered , " I would throw caution to the wind and then we would both be lost . "
tr	NN	The lights grew incrementally dimmer .
tr	NN	She wagged her finger playfully in Emma 's face .
tr	NNS	Her stomach did flip flops as she watched him get out of his Jaguar , then duck back in to pull out the extra large pizza box .
tr	NNS	Oh , yeah , definitely still warm and spicy smelling .
tr	NNS	He didn 't realize Thane 's motives .
tr	NN	Reuben could smell the chocolate .
tr	NNS	Did they not need the roads anymore ?
tr	NN	I had the sensation of floating , of being stretched and reaching forward .
tr	NNS	This one , however , had skills that were useful .
tr	NNS	I had plain black sweats and a dingy gray t-shirt to change into .
tr	NN	Now he pulled out the Post and read the sports section .
tr	NN	How about you return the favor ? "
tr	NN	The soldier raised the sponge to Pietro 's lips .
tr	NN	It now had a grinding quality , like that of a man with a cough .
tr	NN	Truly cruel and unusual punishment .
tr	NN	Dropping back down into his chair , Ronan picked up the magazine he had bought a few days earlier .
tr	NN	She had never anticipated such a cruel outburst from Caroline and had never once heard her raise her voice .
tr	NN	Urgently , he then put the coffin to its resting place where the Black Friars would never find it .
tr	NN	Once in , he sat next to the kit opposite Danny the bass player , who was immersed in the NME crossword puzzle .
tr	NNS	" And I 'm teaching two classes on Monday that I still need to prepare for . "
tr	NNS	But they had family members with them , and it wasn 't really a chatty sort of social occasion .
tr	NN	" When do you want your first lesson ? "
tr	NN	Then I heard the crunch of the gravel as a car made its way up the driveway .
tr	NN	Tanner twined that strand of hair around his finger .
tr	NNS	I could feel the atoms between us connecting one by one in their millions .
tr	NNS	" Here relatives meet patients . "
tr	NN	She brushed a strand of hair back with her hand .
tr	NN	Besides , I have faith .
tr	NNS	" They 've left and covered their tracks .
tr	NNS	" You 'll grow breasts someday .
tr	NN	You should try a little human personality on -- it would do you some good . "
tr	NNS	From there they would board the bumping and screeching vessels of the road which eagerly waited to spirit them to their identical suburban homes .
tr	NNS	That left only the twins and me to stay with our Master .
tr	NN	I squelch the urge to reply , I du n no , but if so , you should check your medication .
tr	NN	Angelina stifled a yawn .
tr	NNS	When his growing herd had had their fill he took their reins once again and led them on foot into the trees .
tr	NN	It cost a grand plus . "
tr	NN	" I have a visitor ? "
tr	NNS	I received only cold stares now -- or blank ones .
tr	NN	Wondering the fate of Lieutenant Jack Strong and his longtime sniper .
tr	NNS	" Take the reins .
tr	NNS	Got any super powers besides that brain candy of yours ? "
tr	NN	Once I would have claimed moral superiority as well , but you and your followers have voided that claim with tactics such as these . "
tr	NN	She remembered the terror of knowing she hadn 't hid her feelings for him .
tr	NNS	Images and sounds filled her senses and then she realised that these were previous recordings by the suit .
tr	NNS	I 've got DVDs back here that aren 't mine , and I 'd much rather not have to pay for them .
tr	NN	He 'd almost told his assistant to cancel the appointment .
tr	NN	You just blew up your own argument against . "
tr	NNS	" Mud bricks ! "
tr	NNS	Jenny felt the little inner stillness , the change in perception that comes before response .
tr	NN	How do you know this lawyer , anyway ? "
tr	NN	" Did you say escort ? "
tr	NN	' Use the blue towel . '
tr	NNS	The woman cackled viciously .
tr	NN	She hadn 't heard the airplane on its return trip .
tr	NN	The Tempest High Leader gripped the railing so hard that her knuckles stuck out .
tr	NN	Let those two have some privacy for once . "
tr	NN	Kenny finally reached the bench .
tr	NNS	But he had no illusions .
tr	NNS	He took a few more breaths from the bag .
tr	NN	If you kill him , do save me his liver .
tr	NNS	You can now consider yourselves married .
tr	NNS	Izzy added a few extra napkins into the bag .
tr	NNS	" Reporters need contacts .
tr	NNS	She knew all the tricks in the book and was a master at playing men to make them feel special .
tr	NNS	She flipped her palms up .
tr	NNS	You can 't beat tom cats as snake eaters .
tr	NN	" Have a seat and I 'll grab a menu .
tr	NNS	And he still had occasional nightmares , in which he called out sometimes for Keith and sometimes for Logan .
tr	NNS	" If you 'd been keeping our chimneys clear we wouldn 't have critters moving in .
tr	NNS	It was like recharging his batteries .
tr	NN	And a part of her regretted the snap and snarl of her tone .
tr	NNS	Her shirt was low cut and ended a few inches before her belly button .
tr	NN	" Then let 's go out , there is the bus , we reach the pier and climb on hydrofoil . "
tr	NNS	I have two small video cameras that came stocked in the lab .
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths .
tr	NNS	She studied her surroundings .
tr	NNS	I drummed my fingernails on the steering wheel , knowing my time was slipping through , well , these very fingers .
tr	NN	I 'd left my backpack in the room I gave to Shannon , so I had nothing to sleep in besides my blouse and jeans .
tr	NNS	She snuffed out the candles and stepped outside the circle , checking his cage and behind and underneath all the furniture .
tr	NNS	We maintain those conditions to speed up assembly , but it 's not strictly necessary .
tr	NN	Uncle Jack pulled her insistently toward his truck .
tr	NN	He dropped the towel and held his hand out to her .
tr	NN	She could still taste the rich flavor of his blood .
tr	NNS	Each burst of light threw bright reflections of his white blouse against the walls .
tr	NN	The impact of the gun against her head had had a disorienting effect .
tr	NN	This turn of events really brightened Ted 's outlook on the whole home invasion situation .
tr	NNS	" How many pockets does that thing have ? "
tr	NNS	Thank the gods that Aiden was driving because I would 've plowed through the wreckage on the first narrow turn .
tr	NNS	His glasses had thick black frames with tinted lenses .
tr	NN	Other drawings showed the same plant in various stages of growth .
tr	NNS	He climbs out of the pool and brushes three inches of powder off his duster and dries off each foot before sliding them into the boots .
tr	NNS	I never forgot my father 's teachings ; on the contrary , he would have been proud of me because I questioned his ideals .
tr	NN	She 's using the ribbon to hide her scars .
tr	NN	" Well , Cassidy and I had a little disagreement , and she ordered me to leave . "
tr	NNS	We don 't even have good tire tracks to work with ; the fresh snowfall covered them .
tr	NNS	" If everything is good I 'll give you a thumbs up and you can drive the truck . "
tr	NN	" A screen provides little protection ... " As if she didn 't feel foolish enough .
tr	NNS	With sewers we won 't all catch diseases and get sick .
tr	NNS	Amy pulled out the yellow pages and looked up farmer 's associations .
tr	NNS	Glancing over starboard and port respectively , she inspected the two smaller ships accompanying the flagship ( such as it was ) Joy .
tr	NN	Naya placed the receiver back in the cradle and returned to her seat .
tr	NN	Both hit his glass visor , but it still didn 't break .
tr	NN	" Next time , perhaps you 'll use a tape measure ? "
tr	NNS	The rest of the army is defending our families at home . "
tr	NN	" Ride ' em cowboy ! "
tr	NNS	" Or , if not that , at least had taken some classes . "
tr	NNS	She cursed the raging hormones that had kept her up all night and made the day even worse than every other Monday .
tr	NN	Henry walked around a row of trees , froze for a moment , and then grabbed quickly for his rifle pointing it at something , or someone .
tr	NNS	" I love happy endings .
tr	NNS	You 've got the hots for Quarrel because you think he 's got psychic power .
tr	NN	In his other hand , he held a soft cloth .
tr	NN	Especially while I 'm shoveling cake into my mouth . "
tr	NNS	He dumped all his batteries on the ground to sort out the dead ones while they talked .
tr	NN	Helen looked askance at her and said .
tr	NNS	Every day he tallied the birds near his outpost , so the government could track changes .
tr	NN	As we drove by what Alcide said was the old train station , I gave him a quick summary .
tr	NN	It depicted a knight in chain mail mounted on a rearing black charger .
tr	NNS	Let 's take the first four floors and split up in to teams .
tr	NN	And then Gideon released a snort .
tr	NNS	No contracts equaled no job offers , which , in turn , equaled no money .
tr	NNS	They did wear pressure suits .
tr	NNS	Should 've brought my ear plugs .
tr	NNS	A screened enclosure around everything kept the bugs out , but there was still a nice breeze .
tr	NNS	But you will find no nightmares on the Dream Isle .
tr	NN	He disregarded Linda 's plea not to .
tr	NN	He couldn 't use her rejection as an excuse to punish himself any longer .
tr	NN	I faked a yawn , as if holding the tree in midair was the easiest thing in the world .
tr	NNS	While Melanie brushed Lisa 's hair and pinned it up on top of her head , she made some long ringlets that draped gracefully down her back .
tr	NNS	He left the gargoyles and started yet another journey that would surely bring him closer to the girl .
tr	NN	I can usually dissect a science equation easily , but the answer isn 't coming to me .
tr	NNS	He threw the globes , watching as they curved downward .
tr	NNS	He bought more beers and lost more games , glancing occasionally at the door to see if anyone arrived .
tr	NN	It will have little effect on the seal . "
tr	NN	Flashing their tin around among the pack wolves and creating animosities .
tr	NNS	It surged on regardless , heedless of the danger , reshaping flesh and bone , until what was falling was something other than human .
tr	NNS	I 've been making house raids within sprinting distance .
tr	NNS	" Then we must invalidate their soil reports .
tr	NN	She carefully brushed the rumor aside saying she had heard nothing , and he could not tell if she was lying .
tr	NN	I lifted the compulsion and watched as her eyes came back to focus .
tr	NN	" I 've found the owner of that knife . "
tr	NN	Not when her mum seemed , surprisingly , to have finally put all that crazy behaviour behind her .
tr	NNS	Elizabeth could see the dimpled oranges peeking out from behind the stiff dark green leaves as clearly as if the sun was shining down upon them .
tr	NN	" I see my juice like that . "
tr	NN	It took some elbow grease , and some seltzer , but I eventually got the stain out and tossed the towel into the sink .
tr	NN	I tested the repair ; it seemed solid .
tr	NNS	I don 't tell her my fears , but she takes one look and knows .
tr	NNS	She could feel her frequencies developing within her so fast that it amazed her .
tr	NNS	Many of the old business in town maintained their original warehouses that they had owned for decades whether they got their goods by river or not .
tr	NNS	All of the plane 's passengers were wearing military camouflage uniforms and were curious as to Simon 's presence .
tr	NNS	He took a couple deep shuddering breaths , fighting off motion sickness .
tr	NNS	His lips hovered just inches from my mouth .
tr	NNS	The pair dropped their buckets and rushed to the nearest ladder .
tr	NN	I sneak one more peek around the corner at the earlier versions of us , walking obliviously toward the car , and then turn and follow Carson .
tr	NNS	He eyed his three companions curiously , " have not you three agreed to similar restrictions ? "
tr	NNS	His search yielded two false identification cards , a crudely drawn map , and an outlawed object in the boot of one of the victims .
tr	NN	I had an uncle worked here on some of the repairs and improvements . "
tr	NN	Finally , Watney launches the file as an executable and it patches the rover software ! "
tr	NN	Once all the troops were gone he approached the ramp and fought falling out watching his men float to the ground .
tr	NNS	If that was the case then I could understand his motives .
tr	NN	For as the dandelion was about to snatch him up as snack , it got a blast of pale green liquid that made it turn away .
tr	NNS	Each of those many human students had connections , one way or another , to ghosts .
tr	NN	If he can prove infidelity , he gains leverage , and the war starts from there , at something less than half . "
tr	NN	When they got home they had some hot cocoa .
tr	NNS	The whisk shed drops of batter as she waved me away .
tr	NN	He made a silent prayer that she would be able to move quickly on her own once she 'd been freed .
tr	NNS	I can 't always get my steaks cooked properly . "
tr	NN	My mother has advanced stage cancer and she 's not breathing ! "
tr	NN	He got the impression that more was expected of him .
tr	NN	She studied her sister 's closet for a moment as Detective Kang watched .
tr	NNS	" I don 't like surprises . "
tr	NNS	Julia 's emotions must have clouded his senses .
tr	NNS	We 'll make multiple subjects to test everything on . "
tr	NN	Closer , closer ... He sent a triple blast of power that spun them back toward the mountains .
tr	NNS	Lay her burdens down before the end .
tr	NN	The women in the castle watched their lord carefully , noting even the smallest change in mood and passing it quickly through their grapevine .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods I 'd been given a room on the bottom floor .
tr	NN	That Michael verified his claim . "
tr	NN	I took his advice , assuredly .
tr	NNS	" What do you mean ' data invalid ' ? "
tr	NNS	" Show some balls .
tr	NNS	She stepped inside the shed , which didn 't look like anything more than an ordinary shed .
tr	NN	Vlad let out a snort .
tr	NN	The stupid short-sleeved , collared shirt they make me wear and the ugly boring black pants follow the vest to the floor .
tr	NN	He took a paper napkin and took swipes at the mess .
tr	NN	I faked a growl and she poked me in the arm .
tr	NNS	I love your tricks of witchcraft . "
tr	NNS	Elec was handed the reins of the leather harness that was strapped around the beast 's head and midsection .
tr	NN	She sniffed the steak and wagged her tail with more enthusiasm .
tr	NNS	Two days later , he would be telling jokes over breakfast and challenging the serious players to a game of poker .
tr	NNS	Rich picked up his wineglass and sipped .
tr	NNS	We will make terms that leaves you with your lives , your land , and enough food to see you through the winter .
tr	NN	Jake gave me a reassuring squeeze when he felt my body grow tense against him .
tr	NN	I slung my backpack over my shoulder and briskly walked past the open classrooms .
tr	NNS	" They are warning their companions that we have a spellcaster . "
tr	NN	" To say goodnight . "
tr	NNS	' The story needs more balls . '
tr	NN	Violet set the candle down on Cornell 's desk and took the glass chimney off the lamp .
tr	NNS	He takes his cigarettes out and starts smoking .
tr	NNS	Still , he wasn 't taking any chances by arguing with her .
tr	NNS	But oddly , her hands were moving of their own volition , pulling free the ribbons at the back of her head .
tr	NNS	He will have greater numbers when he succeeds , even if he 's having more trouble rallying troops to his cause .
tr	NNS	" Two extra shots . "
tr	NNS	" Flower seeds ? "
tr	NN	She lit her candle in the conventional manner , with a match .
tr	NN	Give me the rifle .
tr	NN	" EEG machine recording . "
tr	NNS	He 'd worn contacts , lost weight and changed his voice as he adopted an Irish accent .
tr	NN	But he couldn 't discount the possibility that there 'd be search parties out , if only to recover a body .
tr	NNS	He didn 't have centuries of growing as a mixed blood .
tr	NN	Ramon felt a sensation like the touch of dead lips , a double pinprick of pain , a flash of intense cold .
tr	NN	Dahlia heard her own soft moan and moved restlessly , needing more .
tr	NN	Pieces of fabric covered his thin frame almost like clothes and he looked fragile , though he held his ground .
tr	NNS	You were breaking dates with women who probably really like you .
tr	NNS	" Did these brothers of yours suffer broken ribs often ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll make arrangements for a courier to pick up the file and have it delivered to the police station .
tr	NNS	The two women nearly held their breaths as the simple lock was undone and the crypt open .
tr	NNS	I open my eyelashes , seeing silver metal of a ship .
tr	NNS	You can destroy the dragons and restore the Land of Serenity .
tr	NNS	From the hallway he could smell the roses he 'd bought for Bethany .
tr	NN	Wrestling convention required the loser to exit second , when the television cameras are off , but the audience is still present .
tr	NNS	He beckoned the two gentlemen into the hallway back towards the front door and into an office they 'd passed on their way in .
tr	NNS	He knew the terms as well as she did .
tr	NNS	Before moving them to the states , Ryan had kept the twins in hiding here in the U.K. .
tr	NN	She took out a metal baseball bat and two softball helmets , one pink and one black .
tr	NNS	' Absolutely , ' Johnny said bagging apples for a customer .
tr	NNS	They often traded chores with Levi just to get out of their turn of cooking for the family .
tr	NN	I 'm taking the motorcycle now . "
tr	NNS	We passed houses that were only just visible , floating through a haze of smoke and freezing air .
tr	NNS	She sounded a little breathless .
tr	NNS	When he saw no movement near any of the black shutter framed windows , he gave Delilah a thumbs up .
tr	NN	Dad closed the shed and slipped the lock in place .
tr	NNS	My mom never did drugs ... they were good people ... " And to me , the six year-old with beautiful dreams , they were .
tr	NNS	The man glared daggers at her .
tr	NNS	He piled more carpets on for good measure .
tr	NN	His sword cleared its sheath as he spun , and the blade struck through what looked like empty air .
tr	NNS	She lifted her palms as if she didn 't want to put words to the rest of her thoughts .
tr	NNS	I laid my own cards out next to Brent 's .
tr	NN	Kara skipped etiquette while she stuffed her mouth with food as quickly as she could .
tr	NN	James made a gesture that took in himself and the other craftsmen who were watching them so intently .
tr	NN	I can feel her resentment from across the table .
tr	NNS	Xerxes is examining the remains of a demon horde found under that very cloud . "
tr	NNS	" I have no objections . "
tr	NNS	She didn 't keep live-in servants .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't really told any lies .
tr	NN	He felt something powerful emanating from his former captor , a heavy vibration that he knew well , that became a painful tingling on his skin .
tr	NN	I lifted the backpack to find it was quite light , and tossed it onto my back .
tr	NN	" They got a confession .
tr	NN	Had her condo always been this noisy ?
tr	NNS	I found excuses for him .
tr	NNS	" They have Reuben sandwiches .
tr	NN	" I just finished the semester .
tr	NN	That I 'm wearing an uncomfortable metal coffin ?
tr	NN	He just quietly drinks his soda .
tr	NNS	He could command the heavens and make the very earth rise up beneath their feet .
tr	NNS	The two men exchanged greetings and handshakes but the atmosphere was subdued .
tr	NNS	The third development concerned daily rituals such as greetings and farewells .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples with his fingers as if fighting a migraine .
tr	NN	William learned that lesson the hard way .
tr	NN	When it 's done , his team can access their film , as well as their cameras and other equipment .
tr	NNS	I got bits and pieces .
tr	NNS	We finished our beers wordlessly , and then Brandon said he needed to go to bed .
tr	NNS	He handed the sandwiches to Amica , and she gave him a card that looked similar to a credit card .
tr	NN	He pulled out a soda with two tiny bottles of liquor .
tr	NN	We reached our cruising altitude , and the flight attendant returned to get Adrian another drink .
tr	NN	He would have no respect from me .
tr	NNS	Fate faced the other concepts apologetically .
tr	NNS	She tipped the last drops of her champagne , set it aside , and began wiggling out of her tank top .
tr	NNS	She gently gripped his balls as he plunged inside her once again and violent shudders shook his body as he came .
tr	NNS	I tap my pelvis , drawing his attention to it .
tr	NNS	" Hey , you want some candy peanuts ?
tr	NNS	She eagerly nuzzled my pockets while I waited until Simon disappeared into one of the other stalls .
tr	NN	She just wanted some instant gratification so she could go home happy and not even think about Sam .
tr	NNS	Balthazar wiped the drops of my father 's blood from my face as tenderly as though they were tears .
tr	NN	He made a wager with himself whether she 'd throw down the book in disgust and storm out , or whether his Mrs. Douglas would soldier on .
tr	NNS	Everyone who worked for her had families , responsibilities .
tr	NNS	She emptied her pockets for signs of life : All she had was a credit card and a driver 's license , both in her maiden name .
tr	NN	She was sobbing out her release from terror .
tr	NNS	" I know these waters like the back of my hand and I know sharks just as well . "
tr	NNS	He grew dizzy and felt like he was falling .
tr	NNS	They had been walking down dark corridors leading away from the computer room where they had first made each other 's acquaintance .
tr	NN	" I have a huge favor to ask you . "
tr	NN	Victor pushed open the heavy entrance oak door .
tr	NN	With their captain that lead them in five state championships , Noah Cook , " the announcer said a little less existed .
tr	NN	He scooted his butt out from the wall to give her a little incline .
tr	NNS	She had these occasional bouts of nausea and diarrhea .
tr	NNS	" You see lies and desires , not truth or destiny . "
tr	NNS	James handed out a few more apples , but the crowd continued to build .
tr	NNS	I see clouds , then structures , and the lower we descend I realize they are buildings .
tr	NN	I saw the metallic cylinder as it lay there ; the familiar red light beeping , getting faster and faster .
tr	NNS	She drew the covers up over herself , though her modest nightgown more than covered her .
tr	NNS	Here , retract your knife blades and put them into your pouch .
tr	NNS	In the meantime , I sent you butterflies .
tr	NN	With his thumb and forefinger , he teased her taut nipple , plucking , rolling and flicking the erect nub until she writhed beneath him .
tr	NNS	The white fox fiend cancelled their spells with a devilish growl of a thousand canines .
tr	NNS	At present , for obvious reasons , we have no data on the integration of children into martial society .
tr	NN	He could play the savior only temporarily .
tr	NNS	Sarah went five more paces before she realized he wasn 't there .
tr	NN	" What branch of the military are you in ? "
tr	NNS	I usually wore ballet flats or sandals .
tr	NN	He suppressed a shudder .
tr	NN	I just lost my virginity .
tr	NN	I give a relaxed shrug .
tr	NNS	Offering him a weary smile , she handed over the reins of Radcliffe 's mount , then led her own and Bern 's mounts into the stables .
tr	NN	My devil may care attitude shining out , " Figures .
tr	NNS	She could all but see the wheels turning in his head as he struggled for words to corral thoughts bigger than simple language allowed .
tr	NNS	She had turned down all his offers , but it had been difficult .
tr	NNS	He moved his palms up her calf to her knee , a long , slow , very even stroke .
tr	NN	He pressed his cheek to her temple , the roughness of his afternoon stubble a familiar , welcome sensation .
tr	NN	I give you my loyalty , my blood , my body , soul , and mind .
tr	NNS	" They don 't have set crews unless they 're flying combat .
tr	NNS	" You mean his students ? "
tr	NNS	Bill took a couple deep breaths to calm down and went in to run them through the process .
tr	NN	He would forge a document indicating that important people stood behind him .
tr	NNS	If you find this , tell my folks not to worry .
tr	NN	Her mother leveled an icy glare in her direction and said nothing but the chill in the room spoke volumes .
tr	NN	The boy never could predict a leg sweep .
tr	NN	Fighting tears , she shoved the diet soda back on the rack , shut the fridge , and moved into the doorway .
tr	NNS	I read the reports .
tr	NNS	It had been the same thing ever night , poor Every was having nightmares about the Devil wanting his fiddle back .
tr	NNS	High tech can explain all his tricks .
tr	NNS	I 'd have claw marks for weeks , but I was willing to pay any price to get back to my warm bed .
tr	NN	" Get the hel out of here ! "
tr	NN	I think perhaps the latter because they would not have carried him down the stairs last night when he was bleeding .
tr	NN	Could you take the appointment ? "
tr	NN	Hard when you could barely remember your mom except for images of her blood stained night gown , laying on her bed .
tr	NN	Gave a small intake of breath .
tr	NNS	" But between the two of us , we have enough secret powers to beat the rest to the girl . "
tr	NN	He always stimulated her imagination with difficult questions she never seemed able to quite answer .
tr	NNS	Tonight her neighbor wore olive slacks with a matching sweater vest and emerald necklace .
tr	NNS	In the vanity sink , I washed his sweats and tank using shampoo .
tr	NN	The council had been actively provoking divisive ethnic agitation ever since the current global government had risen to power .
tr	NNS	They did not have noses but two asymmetrical holes that appeared to serve the purpose of nasal openings .
tr	NN	Maybe you can give me some good info for surviving Rochester ? "
tr	NNS	" If you told him who he was , would that ease his nightmares ? "
tr	NN	Searching her eyes , he saw the lingering terror in them , a sort of unfamiliar vulnerability .
tr	NNS	' Give them a few wheels and they 're good to go . '
tr	NN	He lowered the altitude of the helicopter to about two hundred feet .
tr	NNS	The same dark , red brick architectural style dominated the buildings at Kingsley .
tr	NNS	After they sat down , he smoothed out his slacks .
tr	NNS	I slapped my palms down lightly on the table .
tr	NNS	She felt the hairs on her neck and arms stand on end .
tr	NN	No surprise , he 's holding a dagger in one and a blaster in the other .
tr	NN	" You can demand release ? "
tr	NNS	He disabled the bugs in the living room and started unpacking their weapons from the satchel .
tr	NNS	Wolves don 't eat three meals a day .
tr	NNS	Four different types of handwriting filled the pages .
tr	NN	I have a proposition to make . "
tr	NN	The horn gave another blast .
tr	NN	Jax always had that effect on people .
tr	NNS	Who would pay four million dollars to buy Powerhouse ?
tr	NN	I contained the shudder as he molested me with his eyes .
tr	NNS	With a wave of his hand , the cradle moved a few inches , presumably into a position where Milo could see the moon .
tr	NNS	I walked the empty roads , gazing at the structure and recalling how I had begged outside many of the houses .
tr	NNS	She threw off the covers , got dressed and went to the window .
tr	NN	Jerking around I gained a quick impression of the new man standing close .
tr	NNS	" He must 've been keeping tabs on you . "
tr	NNS	Jesus , I 'm getting blue balls .
tr	NNS	" Can I wear your flip flops ?
tr	NNS	" After I met with Ryan he paid me a few bucks to keep an eye on his brother .
tr	NNS	I was simply facilitating chemical reactions instead of magical ones .
tr	NNS	He 'd had more chances than most .
tr	NN	" The top point of the world , the center of the North Pole is called the polar ice cap .
tr	NNS	Did they ever destroy robots ?
tr	NNS	He took several long swallows of Heineken .
tr	NN	They only wanted the processed honey created from the hard work of pollen gathering .
tr	NN	He had gradually cut his intake down from two packs a day to one pack then down to a dozen cigarettes .
tr	NN	He could feel her breaths huff out in tiny little bursts against his neck .
tr	NNS	" He 's offered us five hundred dollars for it .
tr	NN	You 've got the football for little Jude , right ? "
tr	NNS	He watched the coals until they caught the heat from the ones below them .
tr	NNS	They offered small bowls of incense to the night sky .
tr	NNS	Every mistake they make lands on my shoulders .
tr	NN	He lifted the lid and peered inside , pulling out a blood-stained set of green hospital scrubs with his fingertips .
tr	NNS	In the light bending around the bathroom door , which stood slightly ajar , he could see the rumpled covers .
tr	NNS	He 'd learned that centuries ago .
tr	NNS	Both were wearing immaculate suits .
tr	NNS	Clarence still got points for preparedness , though .
tr	NNS	Her eyes followed my movements as I slid her wedding ring down her slim finger .
tr	NNS	To the north , they could just glimpse the clear waters of the Blue Lake .
tr	NN	Woods pushed the swing with his feet so I curled mine back behind me and let him do the work .
tr	NNS	Sam and Mortimer shared triumphant grins as they pulled out in front , widening the distance between the two boats .
tr	NN	He was honoring his truce with Alexander .
tr	NN	I felt the breeze of the door opening behind me and turned to see Logan and his bodyguard walk in .
tr	NN	Now , I have one other favor to ask you . "
tr	NNS	It had held large frosted glass balls when he 'd seen it earlier .
tr	NN	Corinne immediately took command of the situation and delivered twins .
tr	NNS	" Needs many waffles . "
tr	NNS	I slid down the hallways , passing by all other people in the building .
tr	NNS	Later she regretted her rudeness and apologised and for a while they got on rather better than before .
tr	NNS	I 'm not giving you four million dollars .
tr	NN	The window seat there overlooked the entire neighborhood .
tr	NNS	Only two dimmed orange lamps .
tr	NNS	So , Gooseberry , can you give me the same figures for every city gate ?
tr	NNS	The creature made its all too familiar groaning noises .
tr	NN	Not to mention the cost of replacing the carpet that had been burned .
tr	NN	He had a sudden urge to touch it to see if it felt as soft as it looked .
tr	NN	Flynn leaned a hip against the sink , towels tucked against his chest .
tr	NN	And we needed a big scale .
tr	NN	The man tensed , the Prince 's manner apparently enough to convince him of his own inferiority in this situation .
tr	NNS	I had doubts about how well this was going to go .
tr	NN	Those who occupied Bradley were mostly simple minded folk ; he had found it quite easy to incorporate himself into their lifestyle .
tr	NN	I can hear the grief in Mair 's voice .
tr	NNS	His uniform bore a few extra stripes of color and a few gold-colored bits of metal on the shoulder .
tr	NNS	He inhaled the scents .
tr	NNS	" Or not having balls . "
tr	NNS	Your traitor parents had twins . "
tr	NN	But the larger man calmly kicked the bard 's opponent in the stomach .
tr	NN	He enjoyed the novelty of shaving when he first started , but it went away quickly .
tr	NN	She drenched the cloth , rung it out and dabbed it over his wound .
tr	NN	It bounced off her temple before landing on the floor just as Mr. Pena walked back into the room .
tr	NNS	I 'd never seen the other members of the council attack in their own realm .
tr	NNS	Cameron had provided her adequate accommodations .
tr	NNS	" We want more brains .
tr	NNS	While statute barred lawmen from receiving those rewards directly , it also encouraged Marshal offices to accept them to make funding easier for the Government .
tr	NNS	I heard no objections , no nothing .
tr	NN	" Come , come now , my little Seer . "
tr	NN	" Get outta here , ye rats ! "
tr	NN	In the twenty years of their marriage , she could only recall a handful of times that her husband had revealed such deep emotion .
tr	NNS	Big grizzly bears bared their fangs in portraits .
tr	NN	" Take my advice , Miss Hastings .
tr	NN	She recognized her humanity and allowed herself a moment to grieve .
tr	NNS	When he returned a minute later , he was carrying two very old photographs , in identical black frames .
tr	NN	He doesn 't really suspect the possibility of sexual misbehavior between us .
tr	NN	Halfway down the hall , a nurse had parked her service cart and gone into a room to take blood samples .
tr	NN	Gideon froze for a moment , his hand curled around the pen he was holding .
tr	NNS	I slowly pulled his boxers down until his beautiful c * ck sprang free .
tr	NN	He eased his frame to the edge of the bed and felt his weight dip into the mattress .
tr	NNS	From this vantage point she could see the upper floors of the old apartment buildings that lined the avenue , elaborately carved with gargoyles and ornamental cornices .
tr	NNS	David 's men were harassing these vessels , but were taking heavy casualties in turn .
tr	NNS	It reverberated down the metal corridors .
tr	NNS	" Excellent , " said the duchess gruffly .
tr	NN	Hunter asked the construction worker as he placed the phone to his ear .
tr	NN	I don ´ t really watch the news .
tr	NN	Grab a pew . "
tr	NN	" I actually did not romanticize the era at all .
tr	NN	" Zinnia and I did consider that possibility , actually . "
tr	NN	He lifted the piano lid and played a E. Johnny forgot himself , almost licking his lips with the anticipation of holding the guitar .
tr	NN	I don 't want another argument , Colby .
tr	NNS	" About one hundred yards in . "
tr	NNS	I could hear the wheels turning in her head as she began plotting .
tr	NNS	Siri could see figures sitting on balconies , watching her carriage roll across the grass .
tr	NN	" Gentlemen , meet your new employer . "
tr	NNS	Instead , I heard murmurs spreading through the crowd as we ran past .
tr	NNS	Keeps our wits about us .
tr	NNS	You get more bits and pieces that way .
tr	NNS	He visibly contracts with relief .
tr	NNS	She pushed his boxers out of the way just as she had the night before and drew his cock fully into her hand .
tr	NN	" You 've definitely inherited your mother 's style , honey . "
tr	NN	She gushed over every detail I 'd provided her with , so I sent back another exhaustive description of my day .
tr	NNS	We were both given large doses of an aphrodisiac that affects both the mind and the body , allowing for our inhibitions to be lowered .
tr	NNS	The power of creation rests just inches from my fingers .
tr	NN	A tremor of dread rippled down Julia 's spine .
tr	NN	" As am I. " She could have used a woman 's advice to figure out this man .
tr	NNS	I saw photographs and read clips about several of my school friends , but one in particular stood out - Tom Jones !
tr	NNS	They didn 't have nightmares , or if they did , they weren 't about real things .
tr	NN	She had the impression of sharp , dripping fangs and unsheathed claws .
tr	NN	The two of them had a brief staring contest , while I sat holding my breath and sweating .
tr	NN	I toss my backpack down .
tr	NNS	Who 'd left those butts ?
tr	NNS	Find some appropriate crews , but wait until we decide on a time before giving them the locations of the Soothing stations . "
tr	NN	" Don 't blow the world up " sounds a pretty persuasive argument to me .
tr	NN	he snapped a salute .
tr	NN	On the other side , a technician lubricated the transvaginal probe of an ultrasound unit .
tr	NN	" Well , he only created the cavern , but yes , that 's the one . "
tr	NN	She didn 't know his agenda , but getting her into bed could not be one of his goals .
tr	NNS	" I would never question your actions or motives , unless you were in the wrong sir . "
tr	NN	And now you have brought the meaning of beauty into my life . "
tr	NNS	And if anything or anyone tried to interrupt , she 'd rip out their hearts with her bare hands .
tr	NNS	Instead she checked the monitors and made notes on a pad .
tr	NNS	Recognizing her lack of response , Tomas redoubled his efforts , his tongue sweeping over her lips and pushing into her mouth .
tr	NN	He 's wearing faded green camouflage .
tr	NNS	If you have not read Trials of a Warrior , this booklet will not ruin any twists that the first book holds , merely peak your curiosity .
tr	NN	The girl tossed down her backpack and then looked at Kylie .
tr	NN	Obi-Wan could watch his face twist and contort from the anger that races through his veins faster than his own blood .
tr	NN	After a few words of farewell , Summer replaced the receiver .
tr	NNS	That somehow , his injuries from before were affecting his senses .
tr	NN	I ordered my burger and the girls ' chicken before Jaden ordered his .
tr	NNS	His dad served two tours each in Iraq and Afghanistan .
tr	NN	He hated the propagandistic language he felt compelled to use .
tr	NNS	Her thin fingers carefully measured the folds and creased them attentively .
tr	NNS	I reset the numbers and started the simulation again .
tr	NN	I got the relevance , but really , the lyrics seemed more suited for a person like me than Jesse .
tr	NNS	" The president owes me five dollars .
tr	NN	' Don 't salute me , ' Old FT began , ' I am not wearing a cap , so can 't return it . '
tr	NN	I saw some construction on the way in .
tr	NNS	He will not despise your confessions !
tr	NN	I feel the gun digging into my back , disguised by my baggy shirt .
tr	NNS	Charlie threw her a look that said , you 're making excuses , but let it slide as William dramatically rushed to the front kitchen window .
tr	NN	She poured water over his chest , then rubbed the soap between her palms again .
tr	NNS	' We 're not accepting any new members to the tribe .
tr	NN	With my wing quite useless I could neither fly nor climb .
tr	NN	Through the night I watched his anxiously , keeping a bright light in the room .
tr	NNS	If I didn 't calm down , we 'd have doctors and nurses in here .
tr	NN	Go see your Henri and talk with him .
tr	NN	He held up the folded cloth and said , " Put this in the cask , please .
tr	NNS	When you are the liaison and you have a boyfriend here , you find the unused hallways . "
tr	NN	" Callie , tell me what you need , " I say and tuck a strand of her hair behind her ear .
tr	NNS	When he reached Stanton Hall he stepped over the cigarette butts , walked through the door and punched the elevator button .
tr	NNS	We can 't take any chances . "
tr	NNS	We don 't need any complications .
tr	NN	" You 'll need the whisk and a bowl to start with . "
tr	NN	Charles grabbed the receiver up off the kitchen counter .
tr	NNS	She cried buckets of tears .
tr	NNS	I could have had all the powers and might in the world , vampire or human , but I was powerless to defend her .
tr	NN	She grabbed the nearest notepad and started jotting down all the questions that were racing through her mind .
tr	NNS	Coming from a strong man with definite ideas , he almost penetrated in one move the defenses and arguments I 'd set up .
tr	NN	Miss Miriam came down the staircase behind Mana .
tr	NN	He had the biggest smirk on his face , like he knew what we 'd gotten up to . .
tr	NNS	An old woman appeared unnoticed , few paces behind them .
tr	NN	Aden 's heart gave a little leap .
tr	NNS	" Check your privacy settings .
tr	NN	Jonas swung the duffel over his other shoulder .
tr	NNS	The entire area went quiet , held captive by the strength in her words .
tr	NN	He 'd been given a saddle as well .
tr	NN	" Is it tackle football ? "
tr	NNS	' Oh all sorts .
tr	NN	When I 'm finished , I walk Sandor 's martini over to him and flop down on an adjacent couch .
tr	NNS	Jason Corwin has never done drugs in his life .
tr	NNS	Maybe she should tell the gods .
tr	NN	" I 'm sending you his info . "
tr	NN	Krause asked the radio technician , " How long will this take , Emil ? "
tr	NN	People around here like football , but the atmosphere is underwhelming compared to the basketball games .
tr	NN	He asked a clerk to assist him in finding the correct container and was led to a box with red writing and a label printed on it .
tr	NNS	When we were done , I took the dishes and rinsed them off to deal with later .
tr	NN	I crave solitude now more than ever , so I pick up speed .
tr	NN	She had wavy , black hair and bright violet , mischievous eyes .
tr	NN	She picked up her pen and began to draw .
tr	NNS	She makes the best sweet pies .
tr	NN	I hired an attorney in Cancun and he filed the papers .
tr	NN	We started down a hill .
tr	NNS	After al that , the pair were al owed no helmets and they were told to wear their hair down .
tr	NN	I found a lump on my left testicle a week ago and Laura insisted I get it checked out .
tr	NNS	" We have asked the obscene publications chaps to keep an eye out for anything coming out of Seaford .
tr	NN	" No man has a prayer in the world with Jewel . "
tr	NNS	You two have fun and behave yourselves .
tr	NN	" Can I borrow a pencil ? "
tr	NN	We can 't have the Emperor leaving a party in his own house , can we now ? "
tr	NNS	Dee exhaled a hiss of a breath at her words .
tr	NNS	" You do the dishes .
tr	NNS	But this man gave her the creeps and brought out the worst in her .
tr	NNS	If she has managed to pass undetected this long , perhaps we underestimate her abilities .
tr	NN	I picked up the pizza and took a bite , not because I wanted it , but because he clearly wanted me to .
tr	NN	Her stomach gave protest .
tr	NN	Arn waited , he heard the padding of large feet on the hard ground and then low grunts from the creature .
tr	NNS	They cast their fire spells .
tr	NN	Someone she has utter faith in . "
tr	NNS	Somewhere I have family ties in Fae and Zoey told me everything . "
tr	NN	James wanted the jeep for himself .
tr	NN	" When Palomino brought in the food last night , I caught a glimpse of her .
tr	NN	I 'll get a scholarship to college for the same reason .
tr	NNS	He forced the covers apart , running his finger down the page , searching for first elusive entry .
tr	NNS	With no health insurance , a simple call to the hospital emergency room would quickly deplete her limited funds .
tr	NN	However , Walter did pass down his blatant refusal to ever relent , which some saw as stubbornness but others lauded as a winning attitude .
tr	NNS	Shaking his head , he took his ten dollars and headed to a drive-through .
tr	NN	I grab the vase out of her hands , but she won 't let go .
tr	NNS	She gave a sulky hiss .
tr	NNS	However , the fighting in the North drove scores of people south .
tr	NNS	He scanned the choppy seas with a searchlight , but there was nothing below them except - " Holy shit ! "
tr	NN	He wanted a crown with power , like hers .
tr	NNS	Usually Marianne would make foul remarks about my stinginess and enter anyway .
tr	NN	" Don 't give me that crap .
tr	NNS	He slid his palms up the backs of her legs from ankle to buttocks , tickling and tracing the strong curves .
tr	NNS	The beast in question gave a low hiss toward the gargoyle before attempting to look harmless .
tr	NN	" She has an intelligence , a gentleness I haven 't seen in any of the others .
tr	NN	I saw the butterfly on the ground , not far ahead of me .
tr	NNS	We used these cute little bread pans , topped each one with Milk Weed pods , grass , and Willow leaves . "
tr	NN	He retrieved the item , but didn 't immediately head back out to the SUV .
tr	NNS	Before I sic the dogs on you ! "
tr	NNS	The vampires entered various houses while the four werewolves took the prisoners to a building that appeared to be an old sheriff 's office .
tr	NNS	Both cities had numerous tall buildings , but that was pretty much where their similarities ended .
tr	NNS	Long-range scans revealed four medium-sized ships in its immediate vicinity .
tr	NNS	" Then why do they have fangs ? "
tr	NNS	She 'd even seen the marks he 'd refused to acknowledge .
tr	NNS	' Most of them are just using their offices to line their own pockets . '
tr	NN	Lord Peake shook the vomit off his boot .
tr	NN	He quietly made a U-turn and keeping his distance followed as the car took off up the street , turned and making its way back south .
tr	NNS	He brushed off the cobwebs that clung to his shirt .
tr	NN	Then he phones his assistant and says the same thing .
tr	NN	Only then did she let the hot tears spill .
tr	NNS	" I was only bringing up benefits both of us were overlooking while we analyzed what I have to bring to the table . "
tr	NNS	" Simon , I expect reports from you every twenty-four hours that my daughter is all right .
tr	NNS	" My parents took the twins to a birthday party in Port Angeles .
tr	NNS	You mentioned uniques being able to tell when they meet another one .
tr	NNS	" He 's on stakeout tonight , " Arlene said importantly .
tr	NNS	They gather heroes for the last defence .
tr	NNS	" What terms do you want ?
tr	NN	I don 't speak your language " replied Will , trying desperately not to appear intimidated .
tr	NN	I grabbed a single strand of muddy gold in my mind and unraveled it from the outside as quickly as I could .
tr	NN	Isabella yanked a potato out of the ground and tossed it into a nearby basket .
tr	NN	He was wreaking havoc with her body .
tr	NN	Satisfied , Pete exited his viewing location and returned to San Francisco .
tr	NN	He parked his bicycle in the waiting area of parents and guardians .
tr	NNS	" And he has brains . "
tr	NN	" How about you don 't kill anybody for a little bit ? "
tr	NN	Now she had proof .
tr	NNS	Her mind creates flash cards for me , and I try to memorize them as best as I can .
tr	NN	" I would call ' less than happy ' an understatement , dear girl .
tr	NN	My limbs snap upward , then snag and drop back down .
tr	NNS	Their wealth hires the numbers they otherwise lack . "
tr	NNS	" But because if Lucian and Seth overthrow the Council in the Catskills , then they 'll be one step away from overthrowing the gods , right ?
tr	NNS	Our car was stopped three full blocks from the church , and we sat in a long line while each car was searched and each occupant questioned .
tr	NNS	He could fix his own meals , wash his own dishes .
tr	NN	He touched the towel again .
tr	NNS	They dodge my swings .
tr	NN	She folded her napkin in a square and picked up her plate and empty soda can .
tr	NNS	Grant had given me orgasms I hadn 't known existed , and I wanted that .
tr	NNS	The heavy scent of the herbs invaded her senses , inducing a languid drowsiness .
tr	NN	Let me tell you , she can take punishment , especially in the head . "
tr	NN	Demetri ignored my yawn and obvious signs of exhaustion and kept talking .
tr	NNS	She slipped a sundress on and followed her nose .
tr	NNS	It still reads the settings I had from my last jump .
tr	NN	He would employ that option only if necessary .
tr	NN	He 'd had a quick glimpse of Luis 's penis the night before .
tr	NN	I have a responsibility to use my degree , whether I want to or not .
tr	NNS	They passed offshore islands , but these were inhabited only by gulls and other birds .
tr	NNS	They positioned their chairs so they could easily see into the bedroom where Nik fought for his life .
tr	NNS	They could still smell the charred remains of the roast she 'd been cooking , despite having opened all the windows .
tr	NN	Hayden lets out a growl of pure battle hunger and leaps into action .
tr	NNS	She fluttered her eyelashes and sighed like she was describing a rock star .
tr	NN	The band had security detail and a driver .
tr	NNS	Tony dropped his balls .
tr	NNS	Lily and Gifford held crossbows .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes , exhaling .
tr	NNS	He flung off my covers and I squealed , grabbing blindly for them .
tr	NNS	Sure , when he first became mayor he promised quick fixes .
tr	NNS	He ticked items off on his fingers .
tr	NN	Christopher dunked his roller into the tray , sloshing paint over the side .
tr	NN	He would lose consciousness soon .
tr	NNS	Eli and Tomlin had already engaged the attackers .
tr	NN	I can 't even pay tuition . "
tr	NN	' Yeah I got a bloody pension , and I suppose you think I could live off of such pittance , ay ?
tr	NN	Placing the pages back in order , she handed back the file .
tr	NN	He lowered the lid , closing the door on all worlds , mortal and immortal .
tr	NN	With restless motions Viper resumed his pacing .
tr	NNS	" Make different molecules .
tr	NN	She felt a measure of peace with the situation after praying with the family .
tr	NNS	Instead , it found our deadly jaws .
tr	NNS	Jonah could hear the hiss .
tr	NNS	That she assumed someone had killed Mike spoke volumes about her history with his brother .
tr	NN	Find one valuable treasure and take it , even if it means taking the foe 's life first .
tr	NNS	He had launched ships in the great sea .
tr	NNS	' Oh gods , not one of the daughters ? '
tr	NN	You sundered the trio , to test if the three of us would find one another again and fulfill our duties .
tr	NNS	His back to her , he twisted the knobs in the tub .
tr	NNS	She didn 't like changes .
tr	NN	' At times not even a candle flame , ' said the Queen . "
tr	NN	The Bayan encapsulated Wil 's imagination and seeing these places alone !
tr	NNS	She has freckles on the bridge of her nose that look so cute .
tr	NNS	Eddie only knew a few fragments , only enough to communicate basic needs and wants , not enough to have a conversation .
tr	NNS	" I trust my gut instincts . "
tr	NN	Not even fear of discovery overpowers my hunger .
tr	NN	She opened a drawer and pulled out a bottle opener .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't we load the packs and saddle the horses while Pol fixes some of those eggs for breakfast ? "
tr	NN	She 'd also found a white knit stocking cap and a pair of matching mittens buried in her closet .
tr	NNS	I had given you points for originality with your hearty picnic , but now you tell me this is your old tried-and-true seduction routine ? "
tr	NNS	He immediately noticed tubes overhead , which ran from one glass wall across the open courtyard to a wall on the other side .
tr	NN	" I can 't properly describe the effect he had on me .
tr	NN	I 'd exposed a smooth , open cylinder under the floor that appeared to be made of something like PVC .
tr	NN	" We been pickin ' the neighborhood .
tr	NNS	Throughout the night , Pippa paced the floors , calling out for Griffin , praying he would come back unharmed .
tr	NN	" And half the time , you scare the crap out of me . "
tr	NN	" A number of the old ones saw humanity as a useful food source .
tr	NN	One hand twirled an ashtray slowly while the ashes of his cigarette dropped to the floor .
tr	NN	Maybe we are witnessing the evolution of the human race .
tr	NN	Then again , he couldn 't very well have her apologize for something he told her to do .
tr	NN	Now , kneel and beg forgiveness . "
tr	NN	Not some fainthearted garbage about hiding behind the Belts .
tr	NN	Farther along he glimpsed a great black owl roosting in a tree .
tr	NN	" I cannot take credit for his virtues .
tr	NNS	Sometimes he barely registered his surroundings before zoning out again .
tr	NN	You can 't expect a vegetarian to warm up to roasted flesh . "
tr	NNS	The coffee table in front of the couch had three very large stacks of books .
tr	NNS	One was torn open and spilling bricks .
tr	NNS	This drove the dogs into a louder frenzy , but Wolfe still didn 't materialize .
tr	NNS	Bullets pinged off the opposite buildings and the street below .
tr	NN	She swallowed down a lump of granola bar and passed him the rest .
tr	NNS	Kendra massaged her temples , trying to clear her mind .
tr	NNS	I take a few breaths , letting the blood return to my limbs .
tr	NN	Stone turned the dial on his X. 50 to minimum ballistic charge and pulled back on the trigger .
tr	NNS	The cool rush of the shower washed away the remains of the potato truck , leaving only the glaring unasked question .
tr	NNS	Hell , for all I know , you had somebody switch envelopes on me just now at the police station .
tr	NN	With one finger he smoothed a strand of wet hair away from my face .
tr	NN	Harmonics had a great respect for the privacy of another person 's body .
tr	NNS	' Then why 's he telling lies about where he hid it ? '
tr	NN	If I had won my case they should surely lift that block .
tr	NN	I rubbed the residue mascara away from under my eyes and applied a new coat .
tr	NNS	They had no compass and the only way to determine a hopefully straight line was to mark a tree in the distance and head toward it .
tr	NNS	These people don 't give us real addresses or tell us where they work -- when they work .
tr	NNS	I have not had any visions for other gargoyles .
tr	NN	He was feeling an echo of the waves as they bounced off land somewhere ahead and to the left of his present course .
tr	NNS	We put our hearts into the Violet 9 .
tr	NN	" Sinbad want a cracker ? "
tr	NN	You would have angered the high Deity more than he already is . "
tr	NNS	" Counting my freckles .
tr	NN	Some had pink paint that was peeling off , some had hot green , but they all looked dilapidated and some were crumbling .
tr	NN	I called out to one of the attendants , " You forgot his eyeball , " and flung it at him .
tr	NN	" From the corner of my eye , I saw a dagger being drawn at my back , and I reacted instinctively .
tr	NN	Daemon whistled a cheery little tune as he headed for the private alcove to spend a pleasant morning with his Lady .
tr	NN	I could no longer see the railway snaking its way up the mountain .
tr	NN	Emily felt the color drain from her face .
tr	NNS	Joey put his palms in the air .
tr	NN	Aram gave the command .
tr	NN	Aggressively Beverly suddenly grabs her security chief by the front of his uniform and twists him about viciously .
tr	NN	A text message from Jamey made my stomach knot up .
tr	NNS	Shaking his head , he chafed her nipples with the pads of his thumbs .
tr	NNS	Finally he just clamped his jaws tight against the sickening motion and grabbed for his dungarees and his chambray shirt .
tr	NN	" After today , I 'll never need an appointment . "
tr	NN	They 'd lost another dozen fighting men , and most of the rest who had engaged the taken were wounded .
tr	NNS	Smiling softly , she considered all the changes in her life since coming to Philadelphia .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Weathers even gave me directions to Spencer 's , a coffee shop that was a few miles away .
tr	NNS	Ray had good numbers .
tr	NN	This man who worked not to share about himself would lose major privacy if she stepped into that part of his world .
tr	NN	' He ... fell off a tower , ' said Grandad .
tr	NNS	We follow the areas that are around the large pool of water finding all kinds of things .
tr	NN	James put the shovel back in the shed and heard music .
tr	NNS	His initial force had suffered losses , but not dreadfully so .
tr	NN	" Actually I bought the vest at a local pet store and the letters are ironed on . "
tr	NN	I took the pencil and filled in the blanks .
tr	NNS	" Give me your guitars . "
tr	NNS	" There was this woman down in South Carolina who claimed she 'd been bitten by a vampire , and since then she was having psychic nightmares .
tr	NN	As we walked up to the front doors , I started a mini prayer in my head for whoever was listening .
tr	NNS	The guards take huge gulps and smack their lips .
tr	NNS	" Your fiance had commitment issues ? "
tr	NNS	We 've made some changes over the years , but the basic design 's just the same .
tr	NNS	Either Greta was having hallucinations of what she wished would happen in her last moments , or Dayne had done something to enhance his strength .
tr	NN	Darkness had encompassed the fruitful valley , by the time the caravan arrived .
tr	NN	I turned my best Westchester glare on her , but Fiona is a force of nature and proceeded without pause .
tr	NN	You should take that same leap with me , Sloane .
tr	NNS	19 Some worried sisters may visit their runaway sisters at the beach for three or four days .
tr	NN	She eventually closed the fridge and leaned her back against it .
tr	NN	" We need protection .
tr	NN	The lab techs inside the glass room stick a long needle into Tess 's right arm , then her left .
tr	NN	" You 've got ice cream on your chin , baby . "
tr	NNS	When he saw what had happened , he called the paramedics and the police .
tr	NN	They would hear the true phrase .
tr	NNS	Burying the remains in the ground . "
tr	NNS	I can 't afford law suits , injuries and brawls .
tr	NNS	Alejandro has third-degree burns over 60 percent of his body , while Viktor got " lucky " and only sustained burns to 30 percent of his body .
tr	NNS	Both legs were in thick , full-length casts suspended a few inches off the bed by a complex series of cables and pulleys .
tr	NNS	How else would he understand your impulsive actions ? "
tr	NN	He checked the caller ID : Aunt Petunia .
tr	NNS	After their meal , they rolled out their sleeping mats .
tr	NN	I shot Dex a glare as his Nana put the tray of cookies on the counter .
tr	NN	I trust your judgement , so fix me up however you think is best . "
tr	NN	She adjusted her baseball cap .
tr	NNS	He contemplates the possible scenarios that have brought the three of them together .
tr	NN	I believe , as a reader , you shall enjoy this novelty and pleasant awkwardness of the writing .
tr	NNS	We had our arguments , you and I , but we always ended up friends again .
tr	NNS	Then she noticed the huge , awkward birds she 'd seen before .
tr	NN	Throughout the universe , it was returning creation to its original state -- nothingness .
tr	NN	Clearly an older dragon .
tr	NN	Some of the campaign posters from last night 's party still littered the atrium .
tr	NN	Maybe the spider had seen the misery and desperation in my eyes .
tr	NN	I was getting a glimpse at the man beneath .
tr	NN	I see the baseball cap before I see the rest of him , and I hope to God that 's Sean 's cap .
tr	NNS	We need their talents and hard work to get our factories operating again .
tr	NNS	" Bragging rights . "
tr	NN	I twisted the cap and tipped my neck to Christopher 's .
tr	NN	Not flinched a millimeter .
tr	NNS	But she wouldn 't voice her suspicions , because she wasn 't sure what would happen if the reporting on her activities suddenly stopped .
tr	NNS	My new position did not change my actions .
tr	NNS	It had swung open several inches , a slice of darkness marking where it now stood ajar .
tr	NN	I regain consciousness on the floor of my father 's attic covered in cuts and blood .
tr	NNS	" She 's been taken off the drugs that 's keeping her comatose .
tr	NN	He even loved Cosmic History .
tr	NN	" Stop that bleeding .
tr	NNS	It slows about 50 yards out and wiry boatmen lug our gear on their shoulders and heads as we wade to shore .
tr	NNS	Soft yet strong thighs .
tr	NNS	I shouldn 't have wasted my last two knives on the girl .
tr	NN	All the flying cars were fully autonomous , no driver 's input .
tr	NN	She spits a thick wad of blood onto the floor by his feet .
tr	NN	The room was full of cubicles , constructing a maze that needed a navigator if we were ever going to find the girl 's father .
tr	NN	Yet Denver had always had an extra charming quality that saw him scoot just a notch above Thorne in the desirability stakes .
tr	NNS	How she wished she had her powers to blast him and make him pay for this .
tr	NN	And now you 've set us back , I 'd estimate , another thousand years .
tr	NNS	A deep velvet merlot , with a plunging neckline , she touched the heavy folds in hushed awe .
tr	NNS	" He 's got abandonment issues .
tr	NN	He struggled to contain his anger , his urge to destroy everything about him .
tr	NNS	" Mainly , we sell hamburgers to one another and print money . "
tr	NN	A thrill shot down her spine ; she could not stop her toes from curling against his hard legs .
tr	NNS	Nate , Summer , and Pigeon collected their backpacks and followed John to the front of the school .
tr	NN	" Drop the towel , Neil . "
tr	NN	It replaced a temple to Aphrodite that had occupied the same site for approximately two hundred years . "
tr	NNS	We can also discuss arrangements for lessons . "
tr	NNS	How incredibly awkward was that ?
tr	NN	He trusted his Marlee .
tr	NNS	He had installed four independent computer systems to support Teleport 's needs .
tr	NN	He picked up the parchment scroll and began rolling it back into its container .
tr	NN	They make good trade . "
tr	NNS	Based in Lancashire , England , he has written over two dozen novels and novellas for various publishers , most recently Carina Press and Samhain Publishing .
tr	NNS	He worked weekends and evenings , and by thirty-five , as once had been his goal , he 'd become a millionaire as well .
tr	NNS	Chris recognized the Holcombe sisters , spinsters who lived in a small cottage near the beach and took in sewing to make ends meet .
tr	NN	The guard opened the tumbler .
tr	NNS	Mary 's disciples would spread tales of wonder , and proudly tell the stories of Mary 's many good deeds .
tr	NN	Helen put down her needle .
tr	NN	I was expecting a flirtatious banter in rebuff , but in his current stupor , he came up empty .
tr	NN	As his arm lowered he felt the fight drain away .
tr	NNS	I felt the butterflies cavorting in my stomach .
tr	NNS	A herald , his boyish face confessing him to be hardly a man , trotted nearer .
tr	NN	Gorillas have their own etiquette .
tr	NNS	Randa , too , had learned new skills .
tr	NN	The beam struck the top frame of the doorway and it turned purple .
tr	NNS	His hesitation spoke volumes .
tr	NN	The motor home company had stocked the refrigerator with all kinds of wonderful food , and Luis was a perfectionist when it came to entertaining .
tr	NN	" Right after you left last night , I had an unexpected run-in with Sybil .
tr	NN	Luce had a lust for human flesh not typical for a vampire .
tr	NN	Cuff her , " Sweeney ordered the uniform .
tr	NN	The other knights hauled a coffin and placed it on a platform that was behind the throne .
tr	NN	She then tossed the cloth on the floor to mop up the excess of water that had escaped the confines of the tub .
tr	NNS	They were passing the guild houses near to where the city warden 's keep was located .
tr	NN	" I want my mommy . "
tr	NN	He pulled the drawer under the sink and pulled out a pair of surgical scissors .
tr	NN	Lexie tucked a strand of hair behind her ear .
tr	NNS	They bore her breathless into that cliffside cavern and through monstrous labyrinths beyond .
tr	NN	His hand found her hip without her really needing the added support .
tr	NNS	The stone can create environmental changes that cause it to be moved , but it still has to wait to be picked up . "
tr	NNS	He didn 't have my abilities , but he was Zeus .
tr	NN	In the picture , Kim didn 't know the meaning of fear , but one stupid call had acquainted her with the term until it killed her .
tr	NN	" You shut down your matchmaking operation ? "
tr	NNS	Reyes followed Angelica 's directions , moving faster now .
tr	NN	" I 'd rather not sully my reputation just yet or have the police after me .
tr	NN	And I will take back my crown . "
tr	NN	Brother bore a pleased smirk , " Take me to the towers ! "
tr	NN	Leaping upward , she caught the low branch of a large oak tree and pulled herself up with a relaxed effort .
tr	NNS	Sure , I 'd heard all the tales and rumors about the triangle and how planes and boats often went missing .
tr	NNS	Everywhere she looked , she saw packs of girls , no doubt armed with their parents ' credit cards .
tr	NNS	She pressed her fingernails into his shoulders as she responded in frantic passion to his penetration .
tr	NN	I stuck a huge umbrella back in the corner , and decided that the closet looked realistic enough .
tr	NNS	Kent had severed ties from people except in the working environment , later taking even that from her , insisting work-related stress caused the miscarriages .
tr	NN	For all Count Barnard had been amicable before , now he wore a grim aspect .
tr	NNS	Every movement sent her lush breasts rubbing against his chest .
tr	NNS	Sell some personal items ?
tr	NNS	' With some luck we 'll have better numbers at The Dog and Parrot .
tr	NN	I made that speech for their benefit . "
tr	NN	" I can 't remember every detail , Celeste .
tr	NNS	Figuring I should do the same as Luke , I unsheathed my daggers .
tr	NN	She could feel the rope starting to tighten again .
tr	NN	I catch a glimpse of his eyes before he turns away .
tr	NNS	I snatch off the covers and head to the closet for a quick change .
tr	NNS	Those that knew of her dreams coming true dampened their thatched roofs and were extra careful of their hearth fires .
tr	NN	" I got a location estimate and went there immediately .
tr	NNS	Chapter 7 Clay reserved most weekends and weeknights for working on the vintage cars he restored in his barn .
tr	NN	I still have some equipment and the license just in case I need work , but I don 't need it .
tr	NN	One man in a fluffy robe holds only an overripe banana .
tr	NN	" We 'll shout ' pig chariot , pig chariot ' all while ringing our bells .
tr	NNS	I guess everyone figures I 've done worse . "
tr	NN	Bringing reason and fear into the phenomena could make an assassin .
tr	NN	He turned the dial all the way to the right .
tr	NNS	We both stand and grab a couple plates and head into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	He had only presented his credentials to Her Majesty in June .
tr	NNS	I guess surprise sums up my reaction best .
tr	NNS	She had no complaints .
tr	NNS	Aimee grabbed the napkins .
tr	NN	Even speaking to me like this in public could damage your reputation . "
tr	NN	Both thanked the clerk , who replaced the box and handed Charlie his key .
tr	NN	" But this time , this woman is acting so weird , and so 's her husband , " Mrs. Sands said , disgust in her stance .
tr	NN	" Yes , " she whispered , her hands digging into his shoulders .
tr	NNS	Winter was giving its last parting shots at spring , and these would be the last few cold days before warmer weather hung around for good .
tr	NN	I gave a light shrug .
tr	NNS	" Of course not , one doesn 't hurt one 's subjects willingly .
tr	NNS	Josef had many talents , although making up stories was clearly not one of them .
tr	NNS	Many of the hotels featured live bands in their lounges .
tr	NNS	Our parents both have offices in that wing .
tr	NNS	Madison scanned their surroundings and wished she knew what she was looking for .
tr	NN	Have you ever seen a funeral that respects him without rain ?
tr	NNS	He was still holding the wires to the contact points as he looked around the room .
tr	NNS	They both just made noises of noncommittal .
tr	NN	" They broke the needle off in her . "
tr	NNS	" Especially personal servants .
tr	NNS	" This breaks our tracks completely . "
tr	NN	Then she put her tape player back in her briefcase and she and Reacher left together .
tr	NNS	He had made all the arrangements for the party .
tr	NNS	His strange eyes flashed dangerously .
tr	NN	The last thing I remembered was putting down a magazine after I read every article in it and closing my eyes for a minute to rest .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want your pathetic apologies . "
tr	NN	Until now , only one person had ever read this manuscript , so in some ways , I finished this book for an audience of one .
tr	NN	" Oh , wait , I found a great summer internship to apply for .
tr	NNS	" You were using illegal drugs .
tr	NN	What a grump , " she added , as she took the needle from his arm .
tr	NN	Darcy completed the introduction with relish .
tr	NN	" I have waterproof mascara and lip gloss here .
tr	NN	A shiver ran up Parker 's spine at this .
tr	NNS	" Do you not have enough distractions ? "
tr	NN	Hopefully she 's getting my grandparents ' info without too much trouble , and then he can completely rid his life of me .
tr	NN	She lifted the cloth on a small basket , exposing the cookies .
tr	NN	" We don 't get the location of the reservation until I bring you to the rebels . "
tr	NN	But I 've learned a trade .
tr	NN	I know I shouldn 't talk and drive , but way out of the city out here , I won 't see a cop for miles .
tr	NN	" Can the language !
tr	NN	But as he turned I caught a glimpse of his tattoo .
tr	NNS	Even the mightiest stone , however , cannot forever withstand the rages of the sea .
tr	NN	" Shoot straight ; kill the cur . "
tr	NNS	He kept his boxers on and lowered her hand to grip his waist while he pulled his shirt over his head .
tr	NNS	Nolan wrote his novels , and it was the income he generated from the sales of his books that supported their family .
tr	NNS	Two diners were finishing up their meals .
tr	NNS	" I 'm following the union 's committee discussions as they consider your proposal . "
tr	NN	He caressed her hip , peeking out of his closed lids to make sure no one was watching , and traced the line of her bikini .
tr	NNS	" It has Maryland plates . "
tr	NNS	He could fly airplanes , too , but found them boring .
tr	NN	She searched the handsome , elegant countenance that had become so dear to her .
tr	NNS	He used all the skills he could muster , trying as best as he could to avoid the lightening fast attacks of her half brother .
tr	NN	Rolling over , she punched her pillow and felt her mood grow darker by the second .
tr	NN	I handed his menu back and drew my gaze to the window .
tr	NNS	" Don 't disturb the waters ! "
tr	NNS	He knew his rights .
tr	NNS	Miranda 's chin notched up a few inches .
tr	NNS	The submarine creaked loudly , then made several explosive pops .
tr	NNS	We were eating sandwiches , for God 's sake .
tr	NN	The old woman stuck a fork into the pancake and flipped it quickly onto a dish .
tr	NN	He felt the wire again .
tr	NN	I catch a glimpse of Juliette 's face just before I hear a rush of footsteps charging down the hall .
tr	NNS	Alcohol bottle had her fingerprints on it : did old guy shoot in self defence against drunken student ?
tr	NNS	They formed soft points in the middle of each chest muscle like drops of melted chocolate begging to be licked .
tr	NNS	She moved a few inches to the right , and he didn 't follow .
tr	NN	He picks up a pencil and starts to translate a French passage with the help of a glossary in the back of his textbook .
tr	NN	Why would anyone trust the same incompetent troll to provide them a show that had even the least bit of redeeming value ?
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any doubts about that . "
tr	NN	Jordan did the same , owing Piers that much .
tr	NNS	Weeks of continuous , strenuous exertion had damaged her ribs and lower back .
tr	NN	We got plopped in the middle of a savage world with a crappy ship and no backup .
tr	NN	He fingered his hat brim , a muscle jumping along his rock-hard jawbone .
tr	NN	Guess what , you have cancer . "
tr	NN	What language was it ?
tr	NNS	No one had ever affected her senses like this .
tr	NN	He yanked down a paper towel to mop his face .
tr	NN	I 'd have preferred another method .
tr	NN	This beautiful blond wore a tight leather outfit .
tr	NNS	I slide the carcass from my weapon and place it into a satchel made of animal skin then toss it over my shoulder .
tr	NN	I love the nineteenth century era .
tr	NN	Kim gave a one-shoulder shrug , focused on whatever was playing on the tiny screen of her camcorder .
tr	NN	She 'd let her selfish grief distract her once already today .
tr	NNS	" I like many varieties of music , but I mostly stick to Slipknot and Nirvana . "
tr	NNS	I wiped my palms on my jeans and ignored the pricking of my skin .
tr	NNS	It had big pockets .
tr	NNS	Anyway , I prefer the idiom birds of a feather flock together .
tr	NNS	I had five hundred bucks in my pocket too , and it 's gone .
tr	NNS	Why don 't you take a few deep breaths and calm down ? "
tr	NN	He was so close , he could almost taste success now .
tr	NN	She searched the maze of the dark lab , ready to run .
tr	NN	They had teleportation technology , enabling them to come and go from the cargo ship as they pleased .
tr	NNS	And it probably didn 't do her efforts at becoming respectable much good at all .
tr	NNS	I had no doubts about Adrian .
tr	NN	As far as I was concerned , they could go rot .
tr	NN	I only have so much patience .
tr	NNS	" Benny -- " " I don 't want your excuses , Bran . "
tr	NN	" Okay , fine , " he said , " probability , whatever you want to call it .
tr	NNS	The young navigator shifted his targets to the approaching cavalry and was able to somewhat disrupt their formation .
tr	NNS	People always make sick assumptions when girls can be friends and can be supportive to each other .
tr	NNS	' Six dollars ! '
tr	NNS	The Prosecutors have two new members , Dante and Danica .
tr	NN	Her brief resistance held no substance .
tr	NNS	Most of her kind spent centuries looking .
tr	NNS	You get the points for one-upmanship .
tr	NNS	The Knight had taken his goggles off and now had a black eye .
tr	NNS	Gather your helpers tomorrow and get started .
tr	NN	But he must have sensed her urge , and he reached out and clutched her arm .
tr	NN	I slid the dagger out of her knee and waited a few moments .
tr	NNS	But when I looked into Rhyme 's eyes , I saw something sinister .
tr	NN	" Without a boar ? "
tr	NN	Lucas felt a damp cloth across his head , the coolness refreshing on his burning skin , as he turned to see Tae standing beside him .
tr	NN	" They don 't like privacy ?
tr	NN	For now , though , eat the damned bagel so we can get out of here . "
tr	NN	Chapter 19 Councilwoman Adelaide spurred her racing charger harder to keep pace with Councilman Galloway several strides ahead of her .
tr	NNS	She nudged her horse several paces to one side and let out a sigh of relief .
tr	NN	Something inside him screamed out a denial .
tr	NN	But she 's got some talent as well . "
tr	NN	I turned the cub in my arms , took the bottle from the man and offered it to the baby tiger .
tr	NN	" Learn your lesson yet ? "
tr	NN	He pondered the meaning of it during the day .
tr	NN	She put the sketch down on the worktable .
tr	NNS	It had scales tougher than beaten steel .
tr	NN	Hatch 's hand twisted the knob and opened the door to the rest of the shop ... and to a host of new questions .
tr	NNS	Even though April was smiling , her eyes still pierced daggers through Caroline 's heart .
tr	NNS	They had seen no markings on the wings , but they had both been painted the olive drab of army equipment .
tr	NN	Yuna had replaced the candle , which now burned brightly and pulled the curtains slightly , obscuring his view of the sick man on the bed .
tr	NNS	Waiters carried trays of food almost too beautiful to eat .
tr	NNS	We actually inhabit all ten space dimensions even if we 're not aware of the other seven .
tr	NN	Go on , shoo . "
tr	NN	She offered a tense shrug before reaching for the door handle .
tr	NNS	You had all these excuses on how it was never goin ' to happen .
tr	NNS	Whenever anyone travels or goes into the city , they hit those vintage resale stores and pick up old records and such .
tr	NN	Harriet stifled a yawn .
tr	NNS	Toni 's outbursts told the doctors in attendance that she couldn 't see beyond the intensity of the light , and she was afraid .
tr	NN	Her mind flexed its great sail in the sun and caught its first breath .
tr	NNS	He turned up only a couple doctors who had been suspected in the mysterious death of a patient , but none of them led anywhere .
tr	NN	Holly placed the unopened chocolate on the coffee table .
tr	NNS	And you always follow up yours texts with a phone call , so I figured why bother . "
tr	NN	She placed a cool , moist cloth on his forehead .
tr	NN	I remember every detail of when I turned and it was long after Pompeii . "
tr	NNS	He still hated hospitals , but he could deal with it for now .
tr	NN	He plays basketball , even swims .
tr	NNS	The bag may as well have had bricks in it .
tr	NNS	Some of the smaller yards had the biggest houses , as if the owners felt insecure and had to compensate for something .
tr	NN	" You always strike a fair bargain .
tr	NN	I often call his broker for him . "
tr	NN	His magic had chosen the method .
tr	NNS	After the convening of the first sketching , my hopeful mother closed ranks on me , discreetly asking for details of our conversation .
tr	NNS	" I -- " she hesitated , " I am not sure , but I have my suspicions . "
tr	NNS	He rubs my back and makes gentle , soothing noises .
tr	NN	" We had two aircraft out of an airfield 20 miles west of Raleigh -- both were large , flying south for a short distance .
tr	NNS	She 'd witnessed car accidents , plane crashes , and drug overdoses .
tr	NNS	I could not see two inches in front of me .
tr	NNS	A few customers were casually eyeing items on the round tables and another was completing a purchase .
tr	NN	He has no knight to sponsor him . "
tr	NN	He stood almost a foot taller than Danica 's impressive five foot seven stature .
tr	NN	A giant wet nose suddenly smeared affection across my forehead .
tr	NNS	When it was covered , we got out the balls with the glittery designs and fancy cut-outs .
tr	NNS	We 've been avoiding settlements and other people ever since . "
tr	NNS	I have no illusions that he takes me for anything other than a long-time employee even now .
tr	NNS	Because at this hour only stoners with the munchies and cops frequented gas stations .
tr	NN	She 'd scheduled her own investigative appointment with the government inspector , Randall Fitzgerald .
tr	NNS	Tessa felt the hairs on her arms rise , and was uncomfortably aware of the eyes of everyone in the room on her .
tr	NNS	Nick watched her movements without pushing her away .
tr	NNS	" Nice cats . "
tr	NNS	Mallory picked up more aluminum trays , then turned to Berna with an obviously forced smile .
tr	NNS	My mind 's just been playing tricks on me .
tr	NN	When she took a step back and rammed into his chest , Royce bit back a moan of pleasure .
tr	NN	" Therefore , you exercise your function .
tr	NN	" I know your affection for me , no worries . "
tr	NN	He didn 't want his frustration spilling over into his lunch .
tr	NN	She had an undeniable attraction to him .
tr	NNS	" First of all , you 're drawing some pretty major conclusions from one day .
tr	NNS	" I know grief .
tr	NNS	" At least we lost the devils .
tr	NN	We exit the janitor 's closet and I run straight into Mystery Woman .
tr	NNS	He wore several trinkets around his neck , affixed to leather cords or dull chains .
tr	NNS	She 'd hired adults from Corpus Christi to finish it .
tr	NNS	Her words , however , brought their captors turning to look at them .
tr	NNS	He 'd clicked off almost a dozen shots when another highway appeared , curving out from the Hive before stabilizing a few feet away from them .
tr	NNS	He had several cat scratches across his arms , some of which were bleeding profusely .
tr	NN	Something about the way the man sat behind the desk gave the strong impression that intruding for anything but an emergency wouldn 't be tolerated .
tr	NNS	Jolene grabbed the chair 's wheels and spun around .
tr	NN	' Some people haven 't successfully managed a morph yet . '
tr	NN	" I saw chocolate covered Pringles in a store once .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to whip out my food diary then and there .
tr	NNS	These boys didn 't have families like mine .
tr	NN	Norman understood the impulse : he wanted to get away from those feelings himself .
tr	NNS	Mister , we fashion water witches . "
tr	NNS	We exchanged numbers , and they went on their way .
tr	NN	I put football before my mom ... I put it before everythin ' else .
tr	NN	The greenhouse grew hotter , more humid , and the flowers more fragrant , but nothing as potent as her .
tr	NN	You 've filled the void in my heart and soul that I never knew existed until you weren 't by my side . "
tr	NNS	" They had no markings that I could identify .
tr	NN	" In debt ? "
tr	NNS	Every man in camp kept close tabs on their tableware now , buried it deep in their saddlebags .
tr	NNS	She threw back the covers so she could see the child 's body .
tr	NNS	Dorian made no attempts at direct contact with me , but there was no need .
tr	NNS	I guess his complaints to Rust at The Cellar reached Miller , because he 's been giving him some work .
tr	NNS	Ronny clenched the tennis balls and said : " See , ' cause the deal is , Tami and I we worked out a secret plan .
tr	NNS	For once he said all sorts of things , whatever he wanted .
tr	NNS	Berit was riding several hundred yards to the rear , and he kept turning in his saddle to look back .
tr	NN	I saw her growing paler and paler .
tr	NN	She dropped the towel and pulled on panties and bra , grabbing her jeans and a t-shirt from the floor .
tr	NN	The scanning program found the password ! "
tr	NN	You had no legal obligation toward Timmy . "
tr	NN	But its sensors and its guidance could not follow the high speed dash of the planes near the surface .
tr	NN	A chill spiked down my spine and trailed down each limb .
tr	NN	Break her code and write a second review ?
tr	NN	She closed her magazine slowly and pushed it away before looking at me in contemplation .
tr	NN	Guy couldn 't help himself , he gave a shout of laughter .
tr	NNS	He punched some numbers on the control board and the glitter vanished .
tr	NN	She clutched her chest cringing at the pain .
tr	NNS	' They have lain down their hearts .
tr	NN	His nails ripped a deep furrow in her arm .
tr	NNS	Taking a deep , calming breath , she threw back the covers , then gained her feet .
tr	NN	Conway Duke was given his own personal detail of constables .
tr	NNS	And I don 't think that guy bugs easily . "
tr	NN	It had police tape across the entryway and a plywood sheet nailed over the broken front door .
tr	NN	" Do you miss playing football ?
tr	NN	Beatriz valved off some hydrogen and dropped closer , tightening her gyre .
tr	NNS	" You have napkins right there , by the way . "
tr	NN	I had a block of cheddar in the deli drawer .
tr	NNS	He handed me a few photographs of Marjorie .
tr	NNS	" About your biceps ? "
tr	NNS	I had classes in a couple hours and I had to be there .
tr	NNS	She 'd rescued several stray cats .
tr	NN	Does the word have meaning ? "
tr	NN	So I have a proposal for you .
tr	NNS	" We have never tested your hearing capabilities or the range though .
tr	NN	I scoop up a handful of snow and let it slowly slip from my fingertips . '
tr	NNS	" Seventy-five thousand dollars . "
tr	NN	I could feel the fury rising in me once again .
tr	NNS	I 'm afraid he was drinking quite a bit then , gin and tonic , he brought his own supplies .
tr	NN	" Sophia , thank god .
tr	NNS	She licked the drops of champagne from her lips .
tr	NN	He felt a reluctance to go , however .
tr	NNS	Not a breath shook the stillness .
tr	NNS	I can create illusions .
tr	NNS	My tablet sent signals to the road sensors , telling them to ignore the passing vehicle , but tricking the cameras was well beyond its programming .
tr	NNS	When the tears started , she pulled out two pints of ice cream , one cherry vanilla , the other chunky monkey .
tr	NN	" She has cancer . "
tr	NNS	Tell all the helpers , too .
tr	NNS	Vlad wasn 't calling the shots anymore , but Riley understood the reasoning behind the edict .
tr	NN	She placed the butt of her spear in the ground , gripping it tight .
tr	NN	You 've got the whole thieves ' quarter terrorized , and I just love to see all those rascals quaking in their boots . '
tr	NNS	I washed the dishes , then sat down with my granddad to watch Antiques Roadshow on PBS .
tr	NN	Well , everything except the railing . "
tr	NNS	The distinct smell of bacon frying jarred my senses .
tr	NN	On the bench I notice my heartbeat slowing , my muscles cooling , and I begin to feel a wonderful sense of having completed a task .
tr	NN	Like a man possessed , he fought the net with every shred of strength he had .
tr	NNS	" I saw the wolves yesterday . "
tr	NNS	I wipe my palms against my jeans and head for the front door .
tr	NNS	She cupped her breasts , trying to assuage their aching .
tr	NNS	Liam took the two stacked meals and looked at the crumbled street around them .
tr	NN	They found the area dank , and festooned with spider webs .
tr	NNS	With his finger on the fast forward button , Todd and Jake watched the first two tapes , both pointed toward the island from different angles .
tr	NNS	I stripped off my poor excuses for clothes and stepped into the stall , pulling the curtain closed behind me .
tr	NNS	" I put the dishes away for you . "
tr	NNS	I 'd rather pull my eyelashes out . "
tr	NN	I singled out the right wire and sent a gentle nudge .
tr	NNS	he heard the hiss loud behind him , and the splash as Gollum leapt from his boat .
tr	NN	" But I got a glimpse of the future .
tr	NNS	They attracted other clients the way a sparkling tiara attracted glances .
tr	NN	And if the do , they will have no proof that we were the cause .
tr	NN	" What the fuck are they ? "
tr	NN	Brent ran down the gangplank , followed by Sam .
tr	NN	Clutching his rifle , he scans the row upon row of swaying bodies , weighing odds and strategies .
tr	NN	" Start your descent and live to fight another day . "
tr	NN	" I didn 't want the cop to arrest you . "
tr	NN	When she steps back to make room , I see her hair flutter in the breeze before she retrieves a saddle and bridle .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the original blueprints and we raced through the hallway and up the rickety spiral staircase .
tr	NNS	" What interests me most is how they were able just to snatch it from the prince ?
tr	NN	She took the rope from the big man wordlessly and began to ascend with a fair display of agility .
tr	NNS	The right one still bore the marks of her bracelet of injuries , though they were fading to a light pink .
tr	NNS	In doing so you 'll sow the seeds of peace , both for the region and for yourself .
tr	NNS	On the second day of the festival the Queen heard the solutions of the nobles .
tr	NNS	I can 't remember the exact figures he used . "
tr	NN	Ryland sensed her sincerity .
tr	NNS	" I found bugs in her place .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen a deer , but wasn 't in the mood for something that large .
tr	NNS	Jack took the pages and began reading .
tr	NNS	" What about my kidnap victims ?
tr	NNS	" Not snorting coke or shooting up or engaging in felonious activities .
tr	NNS	" We ain 't getting no heated sidewalks ever .
tr	NN	" You gratify our faith in you , Father de la Croix . "
tr	NNS	Man , that woman could hang icicles in Hell .
tr	NNS	He met the curious stares of his Council straight on .
tr	NNS	39 Sam cursed herself for letting her profession cloud her instincts .
tr	NN	The Chinese man stopped his hammering and began yelling for the lady in the back .
tr	NN	Because you look like you could use a little faith right now .
tr	NN	My porch light glints off the tiny diamond in her nose .
tr	NNS	" Go three blocks that way and you will be on it . "
tr	NNS	Then Jagger flashed his fangs and lunged at my neck .
tr	NNS	Outside , he took several deep breaths , chasing the last vestiges of the nightmare from his mind .
tr	NN	Josh continued his plea , hoping there was some possible way God would hear him even way down here .
tr	NNS	Trajan put the new arrivals to work right away .
tr	NN	Doc stifled a yawn .
tr	NNS	Holding her tight , he used his powers to heighten her pleasure and to hide the time he stayed inside her while his body spent itself .
tr	NN	I can 't help my mouth parting open for him .
tr	NNS	I grabbed chopsticks and he poured wine .
tr	NN	Fila took his advice and trussed the stranger to the pillar up like a pig on a spit .
tr	NN	' Hello darling , if you 're there but didn 't answer the phone , please send me an email to let me know you 're ok .
tr	NN	Jake gave her an affectionate little pat on the top of her head .
tr	NNS	If the brackets stick out far enough to accommodate two panels , I could store 8 additional panels that way .
tr	NN	The raspy sound of her sleepy voice sent lust surging through him .
tr	NNS	They were shouting and taking swings at nothing that was visible .
tr	NNS	" Susan , they 're travelling the cosmos .
tr	NNS	Finally they discovered loosened boards that opened into the crawl space .
tr	NN	He 'd just fought - and destroyed - my entire coven .
tr	NN	He felt a vivid , almost physical , shrinking sensation take hold of him .
tr	NNS	I liked cats , but I wasn 't sure I actually wanted one .
tr	NN	He grabbed his dagger that was strapped on his belt , jerked Sylvia 's arm and placed the point of the weapon at her chest .
tr	NN	She sighed , eyes focused sole on the dance of the grape juice with the glass .
tr	NN	It is hypocrisy that breeds crisis of faith among men and women .
tr	NN	Chapter 39 For the rest of the day , Kat couldn 't stop pacing .
tr	NNS	I have photographs of it . "
tr	NNS	He 'd won two academy awards for his work .
tr	NN	My father chose the design . "
tr	NN	Charley swung the shovel over his head , and slammed it down on Ricky 's head .
tr	NNS	She retrieved her knives and reconnected them before tapping the unlock and open buttons on the door 's interior keypad , which slid the entry open .
tr	NN	Before we knew what was happening , Jo grabbed an apron from the wall hook and took command .
tr	NN	When he 'd eaten that , he laid down his fork .
tr	NNS	" Usually , I get the shots at the health center on campus , but I got ta do them myself tonight . "
tr	NNS	Long have the kingdoms been in disarray and are not the force they once were .
tr	NNS	The orb made repeated motions to follow it in , but Sye ignored it .
tr	NNS	We have several contracts to produce guns for the military .
tr	NNS	Great honors beget great burdens .
tr	NN	" You haven 't made a roast in months . "
tr	NN	She acquired a laser rifle with a strap and slung it over her shoulder .
tr	NN	I don 't like anybody threatening me .
tr	NN	I could borrow Uncle Henry 's saddle if I wanted to ride , but I was drained .
tr	NNS	Prisoners could march extra yards and be incarcerated in a decent facility .
tr	NNS	They don 't use drugs , and Martin doesn 't even drink .
tr	NNS	" Did she give descriptions ? "
tr	NNS	You have the ships .
tr	NNS	I always preferred my companions with a pulse .
tr	NNS	He flipped a few more pages , shaking his head .
tr	NN	But , as a precaution , Rebecca opened an umbrella to shield herself from any errant rays of sunlight that may pierce through the fog .
tr	NNS	They wore sandals on bare feet and clothes that hung like seaweed .
tr	NNS	He lost a million points for that little maneuver .
tr	NN	Whitlock had also been reading the file .
tr	NNS	He saw bits and pieces of the hall as they moved , heard parts of words spoken in between his drifting , but felt none of it .
tr	NNS	Bowe puffed out clouds of smoke .
tr	NN	came the desperate shout of the guards that were still a safe distance behind .
tr	NNS	However , he controls our armies .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers , pulled on my clothes and followed the knocking to the main door .
tr	NN	" He has , Your Lordship . "
tr	NNS	" Can 't get ten million dollars in one bag . "
tr	NN	" You want the wrench , Dad ? "
tr	NN	He put his fingertip on the screen , as if touch might tell him something .
tr	NN	How could he get custody of her ?
tr	NN	I heard Kennan 's yell , a feral cry .
tr	NN	" We can 't get anybody !
tr	NNS	Lowen gently brushed aside some loose hairs from his wife 's forehead and kissed her .
tr	NN	" Tear up the farmland , drive off the beasts , burn the villages ... " " How original . "
tr	NNS	As they drew near , she saw clouds of gray billowing smoke against the night sky .
tr	NNS	A ship , on the other hand , has radar and security systems . "
tr	NNS	She indicated the dark overhead light fixtures .
tr	NNS	She felt her insides draining away , emptying .
tr	NN	But we also have the potential to overcome our mistakes .
tr	NNS	" So far I have counted several items of jewellery , numerous bolts of material , and furs without number ! "
tr	NNS	I did not exactly feel my fangs because I was sure I had none at that moment .
tr	NNS	Each booth had two wicker chairs facing one another , closed off by a string curtain that I assumed could be drawn , allowing for more privacy .
tr	NN	At the same time , China doesn 't seek an incident or confrontation that might escalate beyond anyone 's control . "
tr	NNS	But I 'd checked the double knots in the mirror .
tr	NN	Your child will reflect your genetic structure as well as Susan 's -- a randomly selected aggregation of characteristics . "
tr	NN	She needed a bath , and she 'd been in a house heated by a wood fireplace .
tr	NNS	Nobody else sees the talents he has or gets to experience his personality and sense of humor .
tr	NNS	Chapter Thirteen At one point in the film , two people were reveling plot twists and one of them was a woman .
tr	NNS	" Since you 're so sure about this , if we do get reviewed , I 'll give you twenty bucks .
tr	NN	That I must feed every night , and because of that , I choose to feed from those who do harm to others ?
tr	NNS	I 've never understood human customs surrounding death .
tr	NNS	She closed the blinds and turned back to him .
tr	NN	I no longer have hunger .
tr	NNS	Blake took several apples from the pockets of his jean jacket and tossed them towards the herd .
tr	NNS	" How 'd they jack the monitors ? "
tr	NN	She called the airport from her hotel room , but all of the flights were booked until the next night .
tr	NN	The horses followed his command and moved to the center of the dusty road .
tr	NNS	George has promised me the techniques have been perfected .
tr	NN	She lifted the lid .
tr	NNS	" I programmed my numbers and Nick 's numbers for you . "
tr	NNS	But why not examine the assumptions ?
tr	NN	The men you took responsibility for .
tr	NNS	" When you 're blind , you use your other senses .
tr	NN	Need a demonstration ? "
tr	NNS	Huck pulled out the two knives and dropped them to the floor .
tr	NNS	Savannah closed the two points of entry on his skin and lay quietly beneath him .
tr	NN	Perhaps I will find forgiveness and salvation , after all , yes ?
tr	NN	" Humans have developed a technology to merge both of our worlds in a way to gain greater resources .
tr	NN	He gave the weakest salute I 'd ever seen and spun on his heels .
tr	NNS	" I 'll make the arrangements . "
tr	NNS	Parker passed out cups of coffee .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any surprises after we move upwards . "
tr	NN	He was naming our next tune .
tr	NN	Each time we saw each other , he indirectly , or sometimes quite directly , he brought up the possibility of us getting back together .
tr	NN	But would he tell a mere mortal like me ?
tr	NN	The wire will give it the necessary height without drastically increasing the weight .
tr	NN	And from what he 'd heard , Dayne had a reputation .
tr	NN	Less so nearest the outer boundary of the city , but in recent weeks , wolves have been spotted even there . "
tr	NN	The tenderness of that action brought a lump to her throat .
tr	NN	Come on , Lizzy , have a little faith in your son . "
tr	NN	Keisha tossed a crumpled napkin at her best friend .
tr	NNS	But I 'd put the plates down next to the sink .
tr	NNS	You actually have samples of the meteorite ? "
tr	NNS	In the back of her mind , she vaguely heard someone moan but wasn 't sure if it was her or him .
tr	NNS	Kelly rattled off the passwords and got her phone out of her purse .
tr	NN	He dropped his empty briefcase on the concrete and sat on the bottom step .
tr	NNS	" Only someone who never suffered through the formal academic process could harbor any illusions about it .
tr	NNS	Some millionaire investor from China had been bankrolling the supplies , a product of South Dakota 's weird surge of foreign direct investment .
tr	NN	One of them wore a plastic visor .
tr	NNS	Nick took chances that other soldiers thought were impossible to do .
tr	NN	Slightly uncomfortable , she studied the antique bench near the door .
tr	NN	After two loops she cut the plastic and stuffed the frayed end into the crook of my arm .
tr	NNS	We all have different numbers next to our names .
tr	NNS	Underneath lay the scattered remains of what could 've been Aimee 's meager captivity , frayed rope and a power bar wrapper .
tr	NNS	I have all the seeds I need to plant a crop . "
tr	NNS	He made three dollars a day working in the prison laundry , but after cigarettes there had been little to spend on tangibles .
tr	NN	The stark and simple colors brought out the angular perfection of his features .
tr	NN	I always wear protection if I don 't know her well , Dave .
tr	NNS	I 've spun imaginary plots in his palace like cobwebs .
tr	NNS	Her hands brushed the tall grasses that swayed around her , a smile teasing her lips .
tr	NNS	Local farmers had used some explosives to drop the Highway 58 bridge into the river .
tr	NNS	You find our love birds .
tr	NN	Again , she had a good argument .
tr	NNS	I spat the remains of my cigarette into the beggar 's cup .
tr	NN	Aside from standing in one clump they imitated his style of dress and demeanor .
tr	NNS	I 've got two magazines with me .
tr	NN	" We could have a long argument about you taking my blood , and I know everything you would say .
tr	NN	He let out a disgusted groan .
tr	NN	" Crandall Bittner has completed his weave for the Veil of Life . "
tr	NNS	" Even his team members . "
tr	NN	Momma Oaks would have some remedy when I got home .
tr	NNS	The rustlers would later drive the Edison cattle through that same area .
tr	NN	Absolutely no respect . "
tr	NN	Richard used the night vision mode on his binoculars to scan the area for a suitable place to hide .
tr	NNS	We have multiple talents that are both mental and physical , which help us defend and fight against the Seekers .
tr	NN	He shrugged , a very human gesture , and nodded .
tr	NNS	I can feel his breaths against my palm , his body expanding and contracting , and I know he 's strong , steady , unstoppable .
tr	NN	' At least you have some cultural heritage you can hold on to .
tr	NNS	He stirred so many desires in her , and the bottom-line truth was she didn 't want to shut him out on any level .
tr	NN	The thought of my father gave me that resolve .
tr	NN	He scooped butter into the pan and looked up .
tr	NNS	If I look into Luca 's striking blue eyes , I 'll get the giggles and agree to anything .
tr	NN	He located the other end cap and placed in on the counter top .
tr	NN	Without the door positioned correctly , I can 't get the bolt to enter .
tr	NN	They crossed a drawbridge over an empty moat and crossed into the inner walls of the fortress .
tr	NNS	Zep accepted the data slug she proffered , inserting into his armrest terminal and quickly scanned through the details .
tr	NN	I spotted a row of books that looked to be useful and stared up at them , pondering the titles .
tr	NNS	" You exceed my expectations . "
tr	NNS	Simon and I did the dishes in silence , passing plates back and forth to dry .
tr	NN	I don 't doubt Kacey tests people 's patience on a regular basis .
tr	NN	" Damn , boy , give the fridge some time off ! "
tr	NN	A shiver ran down her spine at the sound .
tr	NNS	And Quinn 's second visit had confirmed her suspicions .
tr	NN	When the grave was completed , Daniel took responsibility for lowering the dead into the ground .
tr	NNS	" The honour 's all yours boys , I merely tidied up the crumbs . "
tr	NNS	They had been fighting the wolves in the field .
tr	NN	" Probably some complicated side effect of the tuning process .
tr	NN	" I need chocolate .
tr	NNS	Marisa , on the other hand , offered apologies often .
tr	NNS	Spaghetti sauce glued dishes and pots and pans together .
tr	NN	I twist the focus knob .
tr	NNS	Bright blue flashes indicate engines at full burn .
tr	NN	She protests and takes a hearty mouthful .
tr	NNS	They 're toasting those two babies , and you 'll be the proud uncle of one and probably the adopted uncle of the other one .
tr	NN	Did you look over his file ? "
tr	NN	" Just follow the traffic ! "
tr	NN	I removed my shoe and propped up it vertically with some small stones .
tr	NN	Burnett carried a file and opened it on the table .
tr	NN	But then I smell his soap .
tr	NNS	I take a few bites of oxygen .
tr	NN	Shawn and the rest wanted revenge .
tr	NNS	She held two wooden buckets suspended from each end of a sturdy pole that was spread across her shoulders .
tr	NN	Perhaps Lord Hutchinson will take pity on her ... As it turned out , Doctor Avery was indeed clearly able to tell that Helena was expecting .
tr	NN	They looked down the firing range to see that all six of his shots had hit the center of his bull 's - eye .
tr	NNS	Some are examining other patients while others sit behind desks in silence .
tr	NN	He unzips his backpack and whips out a purple jersey with the name Rivers across the back in gold print .
tr	NN	But I 'll always play second fiddle in your life , and I can 't .
tr	NNS	They take no chances on that boat , and if you do anything to raise suspicion even once , your name may as well be Jonah .
tr	NN	Although nothing was said , I had the impression this shortened loan period was one of the reasons the bank had agreed to give me the money .
tr	NN	He handed Spider a napkin , and Spider pressed it against his cheek .
tr	NNS	I 'd had my doubts a few times , too .
tr	NN	With that kind of tip we could buy a new basket for the third balloon . "
tr	NN	The scientist indicated the lab , stocked with all manner of gadgets .
tr	NN	The rhythm of his words had a soothing quality .
tr	NNS	Above them rose the high cliffs of the great rock and above that rolling clouds in the sky .
tr	NN	They approved his sincerity , his repentance ; and no doubt there were the donations to smooth the way . "
tr	NN	Shouldn 't they call a vet ?
tr	NN	I felt a little pang at that .
tr	NNS	He grabbed her arm to steady her , but she crashed into the hard planes of his chest , their faces inches apart .
tr	NN	I heard a rumor about a spring somewhere down there that feeds into the mountain .
tr	NN	He had one shoe on ; the other was off .
tr	NNS	I don 't see the specifics .
tr	NNS	Bax continued chucking rugs down the opening until he had plugged the entrance .
tr	NN	White and red rose petals flow from the garden , winding and curving freely in the air .
tr	NNS	They were stocking the shelves with goods they got from the RV .
tr	NNS	So why was she making tracks to the elevator , her designer pumps clicking a sprinter 's pace ?
tr	NNS	So have the twins . "
tr	NN	He had expected a rebuke from the older man .
tr	NNS	She flattened her palms on his chest .
tr	NNS	As soon as she said it , I could see the similarities around me .
tr	NNS	We have three sheriff families living around us . "
tr	NNS	By the time she had finished the rugs in the hall the scent of coffee filled the room .
tr	NN	Sacrifice the flock to resurrect the Lamb of God .
tr	NN	I must be having vertigo or something because I could have sworn you said ... " Alistair nodded in the direction of the far wall .
tr	NNS	" We 've some supplies we 're donating , which we need to get from the storeroom .
tr	NNS	If there was a way , I promise you , I 'd shut down those mines until I had your clearance and permission . "
tr	NN	She remembered her terror .
tr	NN	That way , he can 't kick the hull of Teleport and make noise . "
tr	NNS	Shaking with effort , he clamped his palms over his ears .
tr	NN	Ethan and Rory wanted justice for their brother 's mate and they would get what they had given to his mate ... and more .
tr	NN	" Do you understand how large a task that will be ?
tr	NNS	I put the coins back in .
tr	NNS	Well , not just antiques , all sorts of stuff , we go to storage unit auctions , you find all sorts there . "
tr	NNS	She heard Devon 's soft hiss of displeasure , but she did not stop .
tr	NNS	It gained layers and heat , hunger and ferocity .
tr	NN	" Luncheon is served , Your Lordship . "
tr	NN	Both of the spooks had the unhappy duty of reporting to their masters .
tr	NN	We won 't have any merchandise if she gets away !
tr	NNS	But I don 't have those skills .
tr	NN	Cheyenne smoothed her blouse as she glanced around them .
tr	NNS	' We need groupies ! '
tr	NNS	" No , but as I said , I 've interviewed military members before .
tr	NNS	They saw peasants - serfs actually - labouring in the fields with the crudest of implements .
tr	NNS	" Hmmm , I always loved cards .
tr	NN	I placed my own napkin next to my plate and stood up to help Violet .
tr	NN	I set the fork aside .
tr	NN	And I don ´ t even have to do any training to do so .
tr	NNS	The smell of freshly baked bread and seasoned steak attacked my senses , and I began to breathe through my mouth .
tr	NN	But then her hand would touch the doorknob , and it would feel loose .
tr	NNS	" You have so many gods and they can 't help you here .
tr	NN	I somewhat hesitantly descended the hill in response .
tr	NN	She felt his tongue slide insistently along her lips , and she opened for him as she recalled that dream kiss .
tr	NNS	So have the gods . "
tr	NN	She gives a nonchalant shrug , indifferent on the outside , but I can tell she 's hiding something on the inside .
tr	NN	Some kingdoms ally with the Horde .
tr	NN	I overheard the coordinates of where you were sent .
tr	NNS	Nate 's expression spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Warrior spat angrily , her claws digging into the rock under her paws .
tr	NN	Richard Tyler pointed down the hill , and the three men stumbled past him , leaving the gates of the fort wide open .
tr	NNS	I 'm making a few pots because I think we 'll be busier than normal tomorrow .
tr	NN	" And of course Viggo would find that witch .
tr	NN	Molly wiped the condensation from the window .
tr	NN	Knowing only this world we stand vigil for days of answers to reveal celestial bodies , as many as these immeasurable grains .
tr	NN	When they disappeared again , she picked up her fork , trying to decide the best way to approach the subject .
tr	NNS	She 's had a few issues since that ugly incident back when you were kids , hasn 't she ?
tr	NNS	Chapter Twenty Four McBride took the dishes below .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , I taught science classes . "
tr	NN	M. de la Lande conducted a lively tune .
tr	NN	I 'd enchanted the rope six months before , but I 'd done it right .
tr	NNS	We don 't have families .
tr	NN	I spotted the waitress and lifted my glass .
tr	NNS	Go enjoy the weeds .
tr	NN	As she spoke she turned the doorknob .
tr	NN	I saw her shudder , even in this heat .
tr	NNS	Her scent filled my senses and for a moment the fury eased .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , my enemies in the Otherworld had very good connections here among humans , those who knew our systems inside and out .
tr	NNS	I pressed my breasts against his chest and ran my fingers down his back .
tr	NNS	We lost a lot ships and people today .
tr	NN	He shrugged , that intriguing ripple of muscles beneath his immaculate shirt .
tr	NN	Avoiding Scott 's reflection in the mirror , I grabbed a paper towel and dried off .
tr	NNS	We negotiate its major points before we agree to fight at your side , and not before . "
tr	NN	We could wrap a rope or cable around these bars and yank them right out of the brick ... " Chris thought out loud .
tr	NN	Back in school , friends might express admiration for a family member .
tr	NNS	I pulled a few inches away from him and gasped .
tr	NNS	" And I brought my Speed Racer tapes . "
tr	NNS	They 've got the connections of the hair from the canvas and us . '
tr	NNS	Perhaps while gathering his possessions together she might find some coins so that she could pay the innkeeper .
tr	NNS	Eric came nearer and leaned his wet hand on the black rock where Electra was sitting .
tr	NNS	Berne handed out yellow chopsticks from the table 's banged up metal container .
tr	NN	He heard the gurgle of water and saw a dead tree trunk lying across the moat .
tr	NN	Darts of pain shot down my spine .
tr	NN	The thought came unbidden , and at once she slammed the door on it .
tr	NN	It doesn 't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a discontented journalist who just needs someone to ask him the right questions .
tr	NN	She did this shallow rising and falling forever , each time lowering herself slightly more onto his aching cock .
tr	NN	If he were smart he 'd remove the battery and throw the thing in the closest Dumpster .
tr	NNS	Marilyn rubbed her temples in a gesture of weariness that seemed uncharacteristic .
tr	NN	I have seen your shadow pacing in front of your window at night and you feel restless inside .
tr	NNS	Both pulled their respective goggles up over their helmets and the kiss was awkward .
tr	NNS	I arrived home breathless , spaced out , and chilled to the bone .
tr	NN	My hand brushed my hip and pain shot through me .
tr	NN	I remember the affection between father and son and the strength of it brings tears to my eyes even five hundred years later .
tr	NNS	Out of his peripheral vision , he saw three figures come into view .
tr	NNS	I took several sharp breaths .
tr	NNS	He saw a few bugs hovering above the Hollow as Fredrick waved back .
tr	NNS	She shouldn 't sass adults .
tr	NN	On the subway I checked my email for messages .
tr	NNS	She sees birds and freedom and oceans .
tr	NN	He found an equipment closet that was mostly empty .
tr	NN	Carlos finished his scribble and looked back up at Rivera .
tr	NNS	" You know quantum mechanics ?
tr	NN	Avalon and I really are just friends , " I put my pencil down and looked out the window .
tr	NN	I may also have lost my patience with her a few times , which helped to increase her abject terror when she was in my presence .
tr	NNS	The hunters hurled two more spears that sunk deep in the bear 's chest , and he charged them with a growl .
tr	NNS	We exchanged numbers yesterday and I didn 't want to have to explain too much about him to Nix .
tr	NNS	The membrane has millions of nano-sized holes , too small for salt but just big enough for water .
tr	NNS	Determined to finish the welcoming party 's interrogation , she pushed the items on the counter forward and took out her purse .
tr	NNS	He paced the confines of the office , looking very much like a caged tiger .
tr	NNS	As for me , I finished up the last bits of details from the failed merger .
tr	NNS	However , in your case , your family did not gain its powers until 1939 , when your great-grandmother Alice was sixteen . "
tr	NNS	A fresh spurt of panic squeezed his insides , and he picked up the pace yet again .
tr	NN	Though , apparently , it had really unsettled the Assembly .
tr	NNS	" Jory , command the dogs to take their evil apart ! "
tr	NN	" Living with another woman 's husband doesn 't fit any definition of love or respect I 'm aware of . "
tr	NN	Cole adjusted the backpack that contained our beach towels and other essentials for our canoe .
tr	NNS	" Most of my patients don 't have issues like this .
tr	NNS	She threw the covers back , got out of bed , and started to put on her yoga pants .
tr	NN	Agatha had brought home the newspaper clipping from Greta 's that had a clearer picture of Babs Mahoney .
tr	NN	She closed the last file and signed off .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have classes with the other students .
tr	NN	" I haven 't met anybody in either cult .
tr	NNS	Lien was indeed gradually approaching the ships , still roaring madly at the waves .
tr	NNS	The old man took three long gulps and set the glass down with a sigh of relief .
tr	NN	I rotate a candle in my hand .
tr	NN	Tropical or warm temperate plants make tropical gardening easy .
tr	NN	She had had one prayer already answered .
tr	NNS	She analyzed their techniques .
tr	NN	He could see the potential within her waiting to be developed .
tr	NNS	The yellow paper instructed participants that passed the first vocal audition , to return the next day for further tests .
tr	NN	I could sell snow ski equipment and lessons in the winter .
tr	NNS	She grabbed his arm , her face only inches away .
tr	NNS	Closing my eyes , I took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	The door echoed a quiet tapping , and then silence .
tr	NNS	We defend those points from those with malicious intent , or innocent bad choices .
tr	NNS	Once they were cleaned out , the supply chain had stopped deliveries of new food .
tr	NNS	Hunter placed his calloused palms on her shoulders and turned her around .
tr	NN	She replaced the receiver , but her hand lingered on it for several minutes as she considered their short conversation .
tr	NN	' Signing the rope ? '
tr	NN	A frisson of alarm crept down her spine .
tr	NN	" Specimen bag or equipment basket ? "
tr	NNS	The crawlers had numbers -- huge numbers , compared with the humans .
tr	NNS	Scattered throughout the whole woods of Middleton nowadays , one can find the abandoned bell pits of those early miners .
tr	NN	shouted the cop closest to Taylor .
tr	NN	A bony hand throttled the curtain from behind .
tr	NN	When my grandmother 's brother died he left her a legacy -- not a large one , but enough to send me away to school .
tr	NN	The old willow dominated the block , like a huge umbrella blotting out the hot sun .
tr	NNS	Obviously the two partners had different priorities .
tr	NN	" Take the file .
tr	NNS	The boy knew all the identifying marks which the different UN units wore .
tr	NNS	She had no illusions that she could escape .
tr	NNS	Apparently even the untrained ones cast spells .
tr	NNS	" Good , you 'll have your knives , and Rick and I will have our guns .
tr	NN	Don 't get me wrong , I love my new internship but this event planning is so much work .
tr	NN	Blinking my anger away , I swallowed the large lump on my throat before I could say , " What 's this ? "
tr	NNS	The night 's sky had no clouds and a brisk cool wind blew in our faces .
tr	NNS	I could hear plastic wrappers being torn open and wolves growling and fighting over our dried meat and bread .
tr	NNS	I saw cogs , one linking into the other , as they worked towards the solitary goal of operating the rows of grinding teeth .
tr	NN	Yusuf drew a handful of small bombs from his pouch and handed them to Ezio .
tr	NNS	When he reached the top of the stair case he saw two hallways leading away from the landing .
tr	NNS	" We also have extra senses . "
tr	NNS	The bitch was pointing a gun ten inches from the bridge of her nose , and she was just sitting there , continent and calm .
tr	NN	But he didn 't lose consciousness , of course .
tr	NNS	It still gives me nightmares . "
tr	NN	That evening I had a new visitor .
tr	NN	Rick pulled out his notepad .
tr	NN	I let the silence stretch out to the edges of the ship .
tr	NN	I felt the now-familiar electricity in the air and hugged myself to hide the goose bumps on my bare arms .
tr	NN	Then the President handed him the platinum medal and his check .
tr	NN	We could use a little humor to lighten up the place .
tr	NN	She held up the bigger forty five caliber pistol .
tr	NN	Why else would someone carry a pistol into a bank ? "
tr	NNS	Light the candles , join hands and therefore forces , and draw upon their individual power before forcing it into the cloak .
tr	NN	My heart gave a tremendous heave .
tr	NN	" One day he got a wrench and took off the training wheels , presenting me with my shiny , dangerous two-wheeler .
tr	NN	Stepping farther in , Blake noticed the small frame of the back of a woman with a mass of curly auburn hair .
tr	NNS	" We can 't take any chances .
tr	NNS	" Maybe you should ask the families themselves , if you 're so concerned . "
tr	NN	" It dulls the frontal lobe and permits the thalamus free activity .
tr	NN	Eric saw the acknowledgment in Graham 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Daemon watched the boy 's smooth , easy motions .
tr	NN	I picked up the cloth I had dropped and resumed dabbing the blood from her face .
tr	NNS	He had aspirations of complimenting it with a surround sound system , but obviously that would be put on hold now .
tr	NN	Cowboy slowed his chase , and I , too , slowed my pursuit .
tr	NN	I held my shaft , steering myself into her warmth , letting go as I punched my entire , solid length inside her .
tr	NN	" You look a little flushed . "
tr	NN	She straightened the vase .
tr	NN	Seeing us , he bared a mouthful of broken teeth and tensed to lunge .
tr	NN	Eugenia looked askance at Mona 's big , billowy white cotton shirt .
tr	NNS	I cannot see ghosts .
tr	NNS	His strength rivaled mechanized engines .
tr	NN	But he 's proven his loyalty . "
tr	NN	That left only a handful of people who knew about it and had the opportunity to steal it .
tr	NN	" The group with me has made their own blood oath to fight the evil Priest .
tr	NN	She 'd felt his grief .
tr	NNS	You can hit the high points or be specific .
tr	NNS	Everyone was adjusting their skates and putting on more eye makeup and more eye makeup .
tr	NN	" We don 't have the Sword right Aaron ? "
tr	NNS	He called two hirsute giants over , gave them a short briefing , and then said , ' Something 's happened to us , my friends .
tr	NN	I got the impression from her smile that she knew about Ellery .
tr	NN	He deserves the same consideration as any other citizen .
tr	NNS	Scrubbing along his jaw , he scanned the crews returning to business as if nothing had happened .
tr	NNS	" They might have a few centuries ago , but currently they have discovered the benefits of the local grocery store 's home delivery service .
tr	NNS	They didn 't take away parental instincts from us .
tr	NNS	By sitting in the Council they get all the benefits ... " " ... without paying any of the taxes , " the Master Banker finished .
tr	NN	I dug up the vault , opened it , released the stench , vomited on the earth .
tr	NNS	She , her brother Charles , and their fellow college coeds made even bad students at their school look like saints .
tr	NN	She has no delicacy .
tr	NN	One minute she was eating ice cream and the next minute Gray was carrying her through the house towards the bedroom .
tr	NNS	I shut the blinds and curtains , then crawl back into bed and throw a pillow over my eyes .
tr	NNS	Explain your fears to her . "
tr	NN	He couldn 't resist the urge to touch her .
tr	NN	" I appreciate the vote of confidence , babe , but breaking into a security system isn 't my expertise . "
tr	NN	The man held down the horn again without any regard .
tr	NNS	He gave her numbers , something an accountant would appreciate : The Starlin Group moved twenty thousand human women through its organization every year .
tr	NN	Harding finished the long climb to his feet .
tr	NN	Seeing him again made her sag with relief .
tr	NNS	How much proof do you need ? "
tr	NNS	" Look , I 've seen your scores and I 've seen your evals .
tr	NN	And he was having success .
tr	NNS	Bending down she hugged the dogs .
tr	NNS	He had already written the specific directions for the ransom .
tr	NNS	He had engaged two sisters and six nurses to start the hospital .
tr	NNS	I 'll take your actions personally , and my retaliation will be directed at you - personally .
tr	NN	She checked her wristwatch and nibbled nervously on the corner of her bottom lip .
tr	NNS	Ignoring their captives except for an occasional idle glance , the crew swapped tales of the women they had been with the night before .
tr	NNS	It 's really hurting our clients .
tr	NNS	Slowly the eyes crept nearer .
tr	NNS	Sighing to show my displeasure , I threw back the covers and sat on the edge of my bed , then looked at Mom .
tr	NN	I appreciate the gesture , Sebastian , but are you sure ?
tr	NN	Not in the way you think , ' she said , knowingly .
tr	NN	Dever began violently digging through every drawer and closet he could find .
tr	NNS	Nobles had servants that did it all the time as needed .
tr	NN	" Xavier had set a trap for Mikhail using vampires to help him .
tr	NNS	My moan filled our joined mouths , echoing in my head .
tr	NNS	His private collection would rival most libraries Zoe had been to .
tr	NNS	Another man with him followed your actions farther down the tracks and found you at the grocery using the telephone . "
tr	NN	He saw only a tight clump of bodies , holding one another protectively .
tr	NNS	Best of all , he had the contacts .
tr	NN	The bright green chameleon , escape path now cleared , hurried up the piling .
tr	NNS	He needed a few distractions .
tr	NN	I give her tiny body a quick squeeze .
tr	NNS	Servants held up trays of delicacies that everyone lavishly ate from , and music drifted around the room .
tr	NNS	One eight hundred preceded the numbers , but he answered the call anyway .
tr	NN	Finney lets his bay jostle into Ake 's mare again , and the chestnut shoves against Dove , hard .
tr	NNS	Frank was noticing the various points where the fuselage had been sliced open to allow for protruding elements of the new power plant .
tr	NNS	" Did Abby get two systems ? "
tr	NNS	' No , you said twenty dollars .
tr	NN	I 'd never seen any amateur theater before and I was just blown away by how good they were . "
tr	NN	Remembered the terror of those few moments in the garage , before they were safe .
tr	NNS	When he arrived to the tables he found his group playing cards as if nothing was happening .
tr	NNS	A major talent has joined the ranks of thriller writers ' .
tr	NN	" Alaric made a downward gesture .
tr	NNS	" I like my toenails painted at all times .
tr	NN	I gave his shoulder a playful shove .
tr	NN	The heavy snow falling had shut down construction .
tr	NN	He grabbed the railing to keep from going overboard .
tr	NNS	" You know witches ; your protector should 've told you this by now .
tr	NN	Almost immediately , Tom felt a tingling sensation around the edges of his mind .
tr	NNS	" Well , sir , I 've accommodated gentlemen of distinction -- I 'm proud to say it .
tr	NN	She waved her pager , stepped to my side , and gave me an apologetic frown .
tr	NNS	The Stearman clan made the best ships in the solar system .
tr	NNS	Terry was methodically removing the tabs off all of the empty soda cans and stacking them in a pyramid on the counter .
tr	NN	Somehow she felt the urge to feed .
tr	NNS	" Place your palms here . "
tr	NN	I liked his tenacity , but I 'd have been a fool to keep pushing him away .
tr	NNS	Danny held out his hands palms up .
tr	NN	You soon learned the error of your ways .
tr	NNS	We use phone numbers and a place on the Internet to leave messages back and forth .
tr	NN	Old Lady Meredith gave me too much credit if she promised you a cure .
tr	NNS	And I 've got more landscapes saved up in my head than I know what to do with .
tr	NNS	Gripping behind my knees , he spread my thighs and settled between them .
tr	NNS	He had the instincts of a predator , yet he was also courageous , a courtly , elegant lord .
tr	NNS	Xavier had needed their numbers and their money to keep his father 's fading dreams alive then .
tr	NN	He took out a package of dried figs from his pocket opened them and began to eat .
tr	NN	I was losing patience .
tr	NN	Isobel had her mother 's curves and delicate bone structure but she had her father 's dark hair and eyes .
tr	NN	Her smile held no cruelty , but it held no warmth , either .
tr	NNS	Didn 't they teach the basics anymore ?
tr	NNS	That kiss between Mairi and the stranger had spoken volumes .
tr	NNS	The sweet sweep of her tongue teased his senses along with the scent of the flower in her hair .
tr	NNS	Winkler tapped figures into a spreadsheet on his computer as Ashe stopped beside his desk .
tr	NN	I can practically feel her glare boring a hole into my side .
tr	NNS	" Lissa 's responsible for that print of dogs playing pool in my billiard room , " Russell rubbed noses with Conner before pulling away .
tr	NN	Both missions were judged a success by leaders in Washington .
tr	NN	Without a word , he grabbed his backpack and headed out of his room .
tr	NNS	They 'd played cards with Sarah Dekker , too , and watched television with her and bought her new clothes .
tr	NN	Ducking down , I picked up the rope and started to throw it over my shoulder .
tr	NNS	As the area lighten with the sun 's rays , Jones put away his goggles and led us near a small pond .
tr	NNS	I checked the campers again and again found nothing .
tr	NN	Starting Monday , he would thoroughly grill the landlady .
tr	NN	Was he Gabe , the wounded bird that just needed someone to talk to ?
tr	NN	Her chest constricted tightly , disbelief and confusion swirled through her .
tr	NN	" Next time you get the urge to off yourself , call 911 instead of your publicist . "
tr	NNS	Travis had been running computer simulations on all of them with six-hour updates .
tr	NNS	We do not have all our members here .
tr	NNS	He gestured to the research paper title pages stuck to the wall .
tr	NNS	We 'll get the supplies we need , grab a meal and a good night 's sleep and then start the trip back tomorrow .
tr	NNS	We are making all necessary enquiries to ascertain who was responsible but as yet we only have our Police Officers ' statements to work on . '
tr	NNS	They can scrape out abilities and give them to others . "
tr	NN	" Nobody 's accusing anybody of murdering George .
tr	NNS	He dismounted and tied the reins to a rail on the wooden stairs leading to the entrance of the house .
tr	NN	" She has left my range , so she is at least five miles behind us . "
tr	NN	" Get the fuck off her ! "
tr	NN	His hand makes a sweeping gesture .
tr	NNS	You will not leave the confines of this compound without permission .
tr	NNS	Maddie can 't leave the babies right now .
tr	NN	" Why don 't you ask the owner to fix it ? "
tr	NN	Jordan tipped a knuckle under Brooke 's chin and brushed a final kiss across her lips .
tr	NNS	She had a million retorts to make and if she wasn 't within earshot of a prospective client , she wouldn 't hesitate to let one out .
tr	NNS	Sunny , sensing her unease at the goats ' cheese , made all sorts of goat noises to wind her up .
tr	NNS	To investigate robots ? "
tr	NNS	I noticed the security cameras .
tr	NNS	Fi would already be enumerating the boundless opportunities provided by a hunky chauffeur and an empty limo .
tr	NN	Her words softened my harsh resolve .
tr	NN	The young mage shook his head fervently .
tr	NNS	I have much more self-serving interests at heart . "
tr	NN	We 've got joint custody here , buddy .
tr	NNS	I weighed the dangers against each other .
tr	NNS	" You insult my mattresses ? "
tr	NN	The big , white bandage taped across his forehead provided a sharp contrast to the dark bruises on his swollen face .
tr	NN	I raise my bat again and go another four times before the machine stops .
tr	NN	" What about penne pasta ? "
tr	NNS	" So the Alpha held all the cards ? "
tr	NNS	She 'd treasure the joys of living in a human body .
tr	NN	In a need to display toughness , Paul could not admit an unexplained phobia of a crudely , unfinished area below the house .
tr	NN	I 'd acquired a handful of new friends , a new job , a boss I studiously avoided , and a paler cast to my skin .
tr	NN	I got the impression they 're used to doing that . "
tr	NN	Then she opened the drawer of the night stand .
tr	NN	McBride used the tin opener on the other container , and gave Ben a handful poured out of it .
tr	NN	Hearing her voice would only weaken his resolve .
tr	NN	I understand his compulsion , his need to touch .
tr	NN	Immediately she grabbed the receiver and turned her back on the homeless man for privacy .
tr	NN	Frustrated enough by the whole damn situation , he didn 't control the urge to run his knuckles down the side of her cheek .
tr	NNS	I pictured the stone pillars marking the aisles of the Throne Room , sitting proudly as beams of support , despite baring no actual weight at all .
tr	NN	Inexplicably , he felt an urge to acknowledge her pain .
tr	NNS	The rangers only left two pairs of snowshoes and cross-country skis , and none fit Ellie .
tr	NN	He got his medical discharge .
tr	NN	" If I 'm dying regardless , why tell you the location of the cash ?
tr	NNS	I build attractive stores where people can shop and buy things they need .
tr	NN	But it doesn 't wipe away his betrayal .
tr	NNS	" So that 's how you 're doing it , " Todd exclaimed , " You should teach classes . "
tr	NNS	" I 've dispatched armies , but they 've not been as successful as I hoped . "
tr	NNS	Several passengers raise their digital cameras and cellphones to snap both Alex and myself .
tr	NN	Benjamin doesn 't have even a tiny inkling that I love him .
tr	NNS	He heard the Crows , watched Nathan head for the back door and slip inside the office .
tr	NNS	Some of the diners were pulling knives and drawing swords .
tr	NN	Claire set down her teacup , but Morgan didn 't get the feeling she was mad at Ned .
tr	NN	Like I say , you 've got some real talent there , so keep at it . "
tr	NN	Seek the midwife who is doing this .
tr	NN	" Did you say soap ? "
tr	NN	By then , he had worked up a mild annoyance .
tr	NN	Still , she heard several more slam into her rocket .
tr	NN	" He probably needs a healing rune . "
tr	NN	Nick saw a small rodent scurry between two wild grape vines .
tr	NN	" My client told me to show the contents of this envelope to the police , " Orlando gave the document to the senior officer .
tr	NN	Despite the different physiques , both men had the same coloring and facial features , minus the scar across Lucas ' nose and cheek .
tr	NNS	The fools kept all their texts in one place .
tr	NN	A tree ignites , stiff and upright , like an oversized birthday candle , and Jen is the first to walk through the blue ethereal flame .
tr	NNS	" Viktor didn 't win any tricks ! "
tr	NNS	" Most killers target victims within a set radius of their home . "
tr	NN	Bring back that dragon or don 't come back at all . "
tr	NN	I grabbed my first slice and began to wolf ( no pun intended ) it down .
tr	NN	Since when did I have such a thick beard ?
tr	NNS	She ran her fingernails over my arm , kissed my hand .
tr	NNS	" You wasted ten bucks on that ?
tr	NNS	The sharp scent of soap teased his senses .
tr	NN	She placed a wrapped burger in foil in front of Jackson .
tr	NNS	Romano developed alternative transportation methods including the construction of tunnels under the Rio Grande that went undetected for two years .
tr	NNS	I want sons that are a part of me , not some orphaned brats . "
tr	NN	He sipped his whisky .
tr	NNS	I 'd even signed their T-shirts . '
tr	NNS	Jealousy scoured his insides like lye on exposed skin .
tr	NNS	She didn 't mind the hardness of the floor beneath her , because he was too busy making sure she felt nothing but pleasure .
tr	NN	Her fingers trailed down his washboard abs until she reached the top of his pants .
tr	NN	She felt an odd sensation , as if she was flying .
tr	NNS	Ashley flatted her palms on his chest and shoved .
tr	NNS	Everyone raised their goblets , and I did the same .
tr	NN	Everything he says just irritates the crap out of me right now .
tr	NNS	" We have some wonderful couples ' meetings you might enjoy . "
tr	NNS	And he stole powers once ... " Cole felt a surge of fear .
tr	NN	Afraid Jake wouldn 't see it , Maryann muttered a prayer .
tr	NN	At last he reached the stretch of wildflowers he 'd found the last time he 'd broken the rules and left the palace .
tr	NNS	She swapped plates , and in a flash Luther had cleaned the second one .
tr	NNS	He 's simply showing his humble subjects that he has superior hunting prowess . "
tr	NNS	I rubbed my pounding temples .
tr	NNS	He carried two plates to the table .
tr	NN	She must be taking a bath and didn 't hear me calling her .
tr	NNS	You will obtain the paper tapes , which I believe are known as drum rolls , from all the towers on the Grand Trunk .
tr	NNS	" It 's not that simple , " he told the tracks .
tr	NN	They really can 't do crap like this . "
tr	NN	She hadn 't had a seizure , that was for sure .
tr	NNS	She ripped off her snow goggles and peered upward .
tr	NNS	People were picking weeds out of the earth .
tr	NN	I feel that tremble again .
tr	NNS	He scanned the numbers on the lab doors as he counted down to the right number .
tr	NN	I asked the receptionist .
tr	NNS	He had already dabbed the scarlet smears off Elena 's mouth .
tr	NN	A quiet voice , soft , a little out of tune , like a piano that hadn 't been played in years .
tr	NNS	We 'd exchanged numbers in case another suspect tried to bash the door of the cop car while John wasn 't around .
tr	NNS	I only saw two pairs and grabbed both .
tr	NN	Talon laid a cool cloth against Jason 's cheeks and said , " If you are able , I 've some questions to ask you . "
tr	NNS	He made agreements , signed contracts and earmarked secret funds .
tr	NN	They came roaring out of the turn a few seconds later with the monster still on their heels .
tr	NN	He saw her refusal to continue and backed off .
tr	NN	After a failed attempt at fluffing my wet hair , I turned the bolt and opened the door .
tr	NNS	That guy was at the table , reading , two others were at that table playing cards .
tr	NN	After dinner , she had removed her veil , and then she and Drake had danced to music provided by an old-fashioned music box .
tr	NN	Finally able to focus , she spots Link in his battle stance , an intense grimace stamped upon his face .
tr	NNS	He could have brought antibiotics if the Red Hollows hadn 't taken his money .
tr	NNS	It 's opening its jaws wider .
tr	NNS	The three of them tracked the birds across the sky and over the castle .
tr	NN	Hot shivers traveled down his spine , Elena 's blood still making the world spin .
tr	NN	Still she saw the skepticism in her sister 's eyes .
tr	NN	He swiped up his soda and took several sips to wash down the oyster .
tr	NNS	Yet you all cover yourselves . "
tr	NNS	Tears stream down my temples .
tr	NNS	Her heart no longer had distinct beats , buzzing like a hummingbird 's wings , failing to pump blood to her vitals .
tr	NN	He stroked his beard as though he wasn 't sure if he approved of this or not .
tr	NNS	Looking along the river , she saw surviving cattle nervously crossing the bridge to join cattle already on the other side .
tr	NNS	She shouldn 't have ignored Teri 's attempts to reach her .
tr	NN	I got a PhD in geology , which always interested me .
tr	NNS	I 've entered pre-programmed responses to convey the necessary information . "
tr	NNS	" Because you 've called the shots for the past three years . "
tr	NNS	I search the beaches and craggy landscape on both sides of my periphery and I still do not see him .
tr	NN	The filthy troll gave a rattle of the heavy chains that held him to the wall .
tr	NNS	Stacey scans the pages .
tr	NNS	The following morning , they finished the remains of the fish , which tasted even better than it had the previous evening .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't hear his footfalls .
tr	NNS	They call them " heretics " , " fanatics " , " cults " .
tr	NNS	They had a few leads , but so far they 'd hit nothing but brick walls .
tr	NN	I saw the black-eyed Queen , motionless on her throne .
tr	NN	Why aren 't you wearing your vest ? "
tr	NN	He 's got a beard .
tr	NNS	She had just dumped blocks on the floor to play with Chloe when she heard her mom 's car in the driveway .
tr	NN	" I set a goal to talk to at least one new person each day .
tr	NNS	Something that was eating me up inside , spawning cancers like black clouds .
tr	NN	His message used our common language , the patois of the theater that we both lived and breathed .
tr	NN	Apparently , he could upset her equilibrium without laying a finger on her .
tr	NNS	He had attended the meetings in Ed 's absence and gave the security report .
tr	NN	Mom played softball in high school , and then went on to play shortstop for the University of Tennessee .
tr	NNS	She pulls freshly printed pages from the printer and walks them over to me .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you cook steaks , Fila ? "
tr	NN	Still no answer , so I turned the door knob .
tr	NNS	" The plan involves certain ingredients normally found in kitchens .
tr	NN	Smiling , she added cream to hers and led Tyler over to the kitchen table .
tr	NN	She arched and muttered a protest , rubbing her chest against the ramp .
tr	NNS	She looked daggers at me .
tr	NN	With a trembling hand , I picked up the wooden frame and stared at it .
tr	NN	The stranger took a step nearer to the bed and spoke two syllables in a low voice .
tr	NN	Quickly she closed up her revolver , with only one chamber reloaded , and snapped a quick shot at him .
tr	NNS	Ethan shifted positions to lie back down , and his hand bumped hers .
tr	NNS	" We don 't need allies to wage war against the Prince of Venice .
tr	NNS	He spent 142 dollars for a kiss he already owned in more ways than one .
tr	NN	" I 'm letting her up , " she told the nurse .
tr	NN	He placed the uniform so that he hoped it would not be noticeable to any of his enlisted customers .
tr	NNS	" I am having nightmares every night .
tr	NN	-- the girl took her most beautiful lingerie from her wardrobe and took it out from the room that way how Laurence couldn 't see these .
tr	NNS	Jeff viewed Liam 's actions as the catalyst of what broke up his own marriage .
tr	NNS	Masha gathered up the reins and bit her lower lip .
tr	NN	" So you changed the location of the mines ? "
tr	NNS	A large girl had joined the Tanks , three girls had joined the Racers , and two boys had joined the Subs .
tr	NN	His silver eyes held the waiter captive for a brief moment .
tr	NNS	Immediately turning to me with a smile , he assures my rising fears .
tr	NNS	Reaching in , she moved some items around and noticed guns and ammunition but also something familiar .
tr	NNS	Then he smiled quickly and said , " They didn 't have strawberries and cream . "
tr	NN	' You had the joy of giving for three birthdays and three Christmases , not to mention David 's actual birth .
tr	NNS	" We had reports of ships floating close to the island last night .
tr	NNS	Ilona took a few deep breaths trying to calm down but the panic she felt only heightened as she gulped in air .
tr	NNS	I swear solemnly before Dom , my ancestors , and whatever other gods may be watching that this proclamation is lawful .
tr	NN	" You didn 't even bother checking caller ID , did you ? "
tr	NNS	" If we teleport them - " They have bite marks , " Mikhail interrupted , motioning at the girls .
tr	NN	Oil and exhaust issuing from the approaching vehicle fouled the clarity of the air .
tr	NNS	Have trust fund babies who don 't have a daddy with tattoos behind them .
tr	NNS	Then I stripped off my dirty layers and shoved them into my new backpack as a spare set .
tr	NN	Instead of the backs of his eyelids he saw a valley .
tr	NNS	Staring in amazement at these strange dwellings I nearly missed the figures approaching me .
tr	NNS	They both cried their hearts on the kitchen floor , Ted shaking his head .
tr	NNS	He took careful breaths because he was closer than he wanted to be .
tr	NN	Perrin hadn 't seen the wolf leap .
tr	NN	The girl had a patient ID tag on her wrist .
tr	NN	She took the more difficult climb winding steadily away from the city and the cliffs , moving inland , moving ever upward .
tr	NN	Miller and his guests had left an offering of footprints last night in the soft mud .
tr	NNS	He took the cards and stared at it .
tr	NN	" I need an aspirin - I need - " Dreamer placed her hands on his head , asking " How was work ? "
tr	NNS	I drew the blinds in the bedroom , blackening out the beautiful day outside .
tr	NNS	Shame and guilt joined ranks with her betrayal and fear .
tr	NNS	Then her heart skipped a few beats .
tr	NNS	She had ear gauges in both earlobes and a stud in her nose .
tr	NN	I open the door and call Beast but all three heads turn to watch me .
tr	NNS	The wallet contained twenty-seven dollars , a student ID , a health insurance card , and an ATM card .
tr	NNS	We were consenting adults discussing a contract .
tr	NNS	She actually touched my reptilian scales as they seeped back into Shane 's body , like water down a drain .
tr	NN	Simon handed him a towel .
tr	NNS	The smell wafting in from the lift confirmed her suspicions , as Beth placed the capsule in her mouth allowing it to dissolve .
tr	NNS	With the speed of a single breath , Maddox unsheathed his daggers and launched them .
tr	NNS	Most of the time , I had those never-ending nightmares in which I pictured myself dead or Len left me .
tr	NN	" Sounds a little old fashioned . "
tr	NNS	I want future generations to know who he was even a thousand years from now . "
tr	NN	I turned off the ignition and got out of the car .
tr	NNS	They haven 't invented time slippers yet .
tr	NNS	They 'd done millions of crazy stunts , but now that so much was on the line , his knees were a little weak .
tr	NN	" These men just don 't have enough imagination to grasp what you 're trying to do .
tr	NN	I heard a car crunch up the semicircular gravel drive .
tr	NN	She 'd added bubble bath to the water and regretted it once half of his amazing body disappeared in the white foam .
tr	NN	" You 'll need an ally , someone you can trust without question . "
tr	NNS	" Someone was illegitimate , " I said delicately .
tr	NNS	Find authors you admire and read everything .
tr	NNS	It 's severed all my contacts outside the city -- my most powerful contacts . "
tr	NNS	" Sookie was represented as Alcide 's new girlfriend to gain entree to the club , " Eric said delicately .
tr	NNS	He hated shots , needles , the whole medical shebang .
tr	NNS	When the handkerchief lands , we take up balls and throw them at will . "
tr	NN	He uses a plastic fork and digs in .
tr	NNS	Here also we made some acquaintances , who almost contrived to cheat me into happiness .
tr	NNS	When the home screen finally came up , she hit contacts .
tr	NN	I 've never told anybody this except my therapist , who doesn 't count , but I died too . "
tr	NNS	Now he 's reaping the seeds he has sown .
tr	NNS	Stubby twitched his whiskers impatiently .
tr	NN	Have you selected your topic ? "
tr	NN	I read to the end and saw a related article .
tr	NN	I didn 't drink soda very often , but when I did , I drank Coke .
tr	NN	His loss represented the epitome of injustice .
tr	NNS	Save your powers for another time .
tr	NNS	" That Kevin guy showed me his powers on the boat .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , she had a few distractions to keep her busy .
tr	NNS	Ever consider media interviews or editing or perhaps photography ? "
tr	NN	Sophie asked the owner for privacy for fifteen minutes before they 'd be ready to place their order .
tr	NNS	And , do you have sandwiches ?
tr	NN	He wandered into the bedroom and he immediately got hard when he saw Hope in the bed , her fiery hair splashed over a snowy white pillow .
tr	NN	said a sheepish sounding Sunny .
tr	NN	I raised the dagger .
tr	NN	I miss all that lust , Gabby . "
tr	NNS	They can touch all the pillars , but cannot create or destroy .
tr	NNS	Black Scorpion lit other torches that were mounted to the walls .
tr	NNS	" I hate loud noises .
tr	NNS	The charge in the air stirred the hairs on the back of her neck .
tr	NN	She would 've welcomed advice , but felt uncomfortable discussing her problems with someone who was little more than a stranger to her .
tr	NNS	" Brianne 's got odd cravings .
tr	NN	Something about his tone made her insides quiver , but she dutifully rose to her feet .
tr	NN	" I 'll create my own destiny .
tr	NN	having nothing more to seek here , Selena already dropped her formal attitude .
tr	NN	I quickly transmuted my fright into anger , useful anger .
tr	NNS	You still have tiny fragments of congealed blood floating about inward of the wound itself .
tr	NNS	My heart skipped ten thousand beats .
tr	NNS	He watched the delicate contractions of her throat muscles as she drank , remembering how she 'd come apart in his arms .
tr	NN	" Such a small vial ? "
tr	NN	He then extended the handful of pieces toward the finch .
tr	NN	I 'd rehearsed my speech in my head so many times that I 'd memorized it .
tr	NNS	He 'd even brought her more roses last night .
tr	NN	" Don 't look so shocked , " Eustace playfully told his nemesis while tossing the towel onto the ground .
tr	NNS	Deciphering the mechanisms that underlie psychosis could provide humanity with the first veritable insight into the true workings of the mind .
tr	NNS	He had not soothed the man 's fears before he buried his fangs in his neck .
tr	NNS	A low parapet wall lined the walkways .
tr	NN	My window is so small , I can only see a handful .
tr	NN	I let out a low growl as the pain of hunger slammed into me .
tr	NN	Come on , let 's make this chocolate and finish wrapping . "
tr	NN	" I never met that lawyer . "
tr	NNS	But I knew dimly , from my sensations of swaying , that I was being carried .
tr	NNS	Everywhere they stepped , his father 's artifacts , and his mother 's art , littered the floor .
tr	NN	" You twist my meaning . "
tr	NN	More " wry " ... " I can pull off wry , Georgie , don 't tell me I - " " Who was that ? "
tr	NNS	He had been offered numerous offers to leave the state and travel not only to numerous academies within the country , but also around the world .
tr	NNS	Isabella lowered her senses , not wanting to waste energy that she might need later for more nuanced detective work .
tr	NN	Keep the protection in place until you and your team find and stop the guy doing this to my daughter . "
tr	NN	came the slurred shout from Boris .
tr	NNS	We have regular routes in that area , as you know , and soon we will have more . "
tr	NN	You don 't need another waitress , though . "
tr	NN	' It 's not enough to bring him in on , however , I do commend your ingenuity . '
tr	NNS	I couldn 't believe the swiftness with which she discarded clothes .
tr	NNS	The back yard had weeds up to three feet tall in places and had been trampled back and down where little brown feet had often stepped .
tr	NN	The beach had a splattering of joggers and a dozen surfers at the point .
tr	NN	Even a successful revolution often killed off its leadership .
tr	NNS	So you had bits all over the place .
tr	NN	He held up the hilt in one hand and put the Orb against the bottom of the handle .
tr	NN	" But my father doesn 't know my personality , so he won 't know if I 'm your ideal woman or not .
tr	NN	My body instantly recognized the sensation , blooming with joy at feeling him again .
tr	NN	He read the article again .
tr	NN	" Theories about currents and tides , " said the scientist .
tr	NN	Learn your craft and move on . "
tr	NN	From a great and yawning distance , I see the black ribbon of a road .
tr	NN	By the time Kendra sat down , Case had the lid off the shoebox and was rummaging through the newspapers .
tr	NN	I need advice . '
tr	NN	" The Queen is laying a trap of her own .
tr	NN	Everybody knew each other , little traffic , clean country air , and no nuke plant nearby .
tr	NNS	As we approached the village , we heard rifle shots , but they were ahead of us , not behind .
tr	NN	Well , I will accept punishment .
tr	NN	Marlowe unloaded her disgust of Gentry Arthur , the assigned deputy county attorney .
tr	NNS	They 'll gain civil rights of protection , but they 'll also be subject to laws .
tr	NNS	The woman had remarkably strong thighs .
tr	NN	She grabbed the saddle horn and held herself steady .
tr	NN	And who had sent the e-mail ?
tr	NN	Instead , he rubs up and down the sole of my foot , pushing down on all the important pressure points .
tr	NN	She shook the railing on the windows to see if it would barge , but it just wouldn 't " Move out my way ! "
tr	NN	" Man , you could make a fortune on that in our time . "
tr	NN	He gave the volume control a sharp twist .
tr	NNS	They grabbed their coats and bags in haste , as though they feared I might change my mind .
tr	NNS	Would he enjoy the same attentions as he 'd given her on their wedding night ?
tr	NNS	You 're making excuses for her .
tr	NNS	He brought her palms to the warmth of his mouth , then pressed a kiss into the exact center of each hand .
tr	NNS	He searched the pockets of the dead man again and found two spares .
tr	NNS	Skye Tierney gripped her horse 's reins in her gloved hands as she shut her eyes tightly , willing the sensation to go away .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't take the beatings .
tr	NNS	They certainly would have demanded huge sums after so lopsided a victory , and they probably know father has no way to pay them .
tr	NN	You appear to be in need of some kind of ... release .
tr	NNS	" What do you think gentlemen ? "
tr	NNS	She traces the empty gilded frames with her fingertips .
tr	NN	She nodded knowingly , this time a full smile appearing on her face .
tr	NN	Personally Rich could see no harm in letting the news out .
tr	NNS	To her dismay , she heard footfalls behind her .
tr	NNS	" He stole the shaping powers from all of his daughters and faked their deaths .
tr	NN	" You can 't escape responsibility for me that easily . "
tr	NNS	I had my doubts , but what could I do ?
tr	NN	Before she headed home , she typed out an email to Michael Albright .
tr	NN	I couldn 't control my terror .
tr	NNS	Being a fastidious planner , she 'd placed two extra ice trays in the freezer the night before .
tr	NN	He had taken a throwing star down from the wall and was examining it .
tr	NNS	He retrieved his items and continued deeper into the grove .
tr	NN	" Ted left the sphere and went to the flight deck . "
tr	NN	He had whipped cream on his finger .
tr	NNS	Jake may hate cats just because she liked them , just to spite her memory . "
tr	NN	These peasants had probably never heard a language other than their own and written words meant nothing to them .
tr	NN	He brought with him the aroma of freshly baked bread .
tr	NNS	He would scream and pull his palms away , only to move one step farther along the wall and try again , with the exact same results .
tr	NN	Having her under him , ripe and ready , still had his body roaring .
tr	NN	She propped a hip against the kitchen table , aiming for a casual pose when she was anything but relaxed .
tr	NN	Her friend knelt and said a prayer , and told Daisy how she 'd found comfort in the church after Walter died .
tr	NN	She saw Joan 's happy reunion with her former class mates .
tr	NNS	One of the Welsh lords had some scrolls and this was with them .
tr	NNS	Massive oil spill engulfed the surroundings as the tanker sank , releasing its cargo as it went down .
tr	NN	We have a reputation for being very aggressive , and we don 't mind taking chances if our clients instruct us to .
tr	NNS	" Past the vultures . "
tr	NN	It makes my balls ache .
tr	NNS	The warmth with which Elizabeth had greeted her had driven all her doubts away , until now .
tr	NNS	Let the servants clean up his mess yet again .
tr	NN	I heard Katie 's stretch and yawn float across the room and she looked over at me .
tr	NN	She threw an icy glare in Asa 's direction .
tr	NN	" Like it destroyed my stepfather ? "
tr	NNS	She -- or he -- is projecting these hallucinations through telepathic contact . "
tr	NNS	She sounded breathless , almost too aroused .
tr	NNS	Steel barricades at either end prevented pedestrians from entering the square .
tr	NN	He appreciated her personality - she didn 't feel the need to fill the silence with pointless chatter .
tr	NNS	When Simon caught sight of us , he rested the buckets on the ground and straightened up , grinning .
tr	NN	Of course she couldn 't entirely ignore the discomfort she felt at enjoying Ryan when he didn 't have her family 's best interest at heart .
tr	NN	" Yes , before you stands your fork .
tr	NN	When I round the house , she 's up on the front porch , jiggling the door knob .
tr	NNS	The window in Karen 's room was open a few inches and on a flower box was a mass of black feathers .
tr	NNS	He was regaining his abilities , and he would need to have his full strength if he was to kill Hank .
tr	NN	As the final notes died away , an almost reverent silence filled the entire wing of the hospital .
tr	NNS	' We can barely feed our dogs , so our hunting 's not what it was .
tr	NN	Instead he shed his mantle and robe and led his wife across the cobbles toward the Kremlin 's northeast wall .
tr	NN	You whistle a tune , but he 's not dancing .
tr	NN	He let out a groan .
tr	NN	I felt anger slice through my stomach .
tr	NNS	He exposed his fangs , letting her see , knowing the demon in him was close to the surface ; his eyes were glowing .
tr	NNS	The black feline alerted his human companions to the large mahogany chest that sat behind him .
tr	NN	" No time for love , love , we have a huge crisis on our hands . "
tr	NNS	A spy must engage all senses .
tr	NN	She could see the curtains flutter ever so slightly and assumed he 'd left a fan running .
tr	NN	" Look about , where else can you see lush farmland teeming with life ? "
tr	NN	Her words held no conviction .
tr	NN	And bein ' a woman of my word , you won the bargain .
tr	NNS	I had counted the ceiling tiles more than once and I was getting ready to count them again when she came walking into the room .
tr	NNS	She grasped the reins as they advanced into a gallop , the tangy smell of horsehair creeping into her nostrils .
tr	NN	The Pack had delivered justice .
tr	NN	Because it was impossible to stand still , she resumed her pacing .
tr	NNS	I read your lyrics and I turned them into music , every goddamn note , and I did it by myself .
tr	NNS	I don 't like odd numbers so if you want to throw in another song , I won 't complain . "
tr	NNS	" Ben wanted apples so I was getting him some ruddy apples ! "
tr	NNS	Ash handed him the forty dollars .
tr	NNS	I put the paints in a plastic bin .
tr	NN	Then Kate let out a low , nasty snicker .
tr	NNS	" We 'll negotiate terms later .
tr	NNS	Mine had a few extra naughty modifications , like no panties or bra , and all of the buttons undone on my top .
tr	NN	I stepped barefoot into the hallway .
tr	NNS	Is there some way you could order your ships to move aside so that we can get through ? '
tr	NN	" If you 've got the tools , I 've got the talent . "
tr	NNS	He has connections on all sides and he was trying to get Lyssa to safety . "
tr	NNS	He heard birds chirping and he looked toward the window .
tr	NN	He gave the impression that he was supremely relaxed lounging on an upholstered bench that ran along the wall alongside the door Darcy had come through .
tr	NN	" I love chocolate .
tr	NN	The quadrant with the most dots represents my personality . "
tr	NN	She gave a snort , then settled back to silence .
tr	NN	Mrs. K put the lid on the stew and was about to turn to them when Mr. Kilpatrick walked through the door .
tr	NNS	When he surfaced , he returned his untouched boxers to the trousers and Macy quickly grabbed them .
tr	NN	A track ran up the hill where some recent tree harvest had left the ground bare .
tr	NN	It suited his facial structure as Padme noticed that there were other oddities about him .
tr	NN	And so does JJ . "
tr	NN	He placed the file that was tucked under his shirt on the counter next to the sink and peeled off the rest of his clothes .
tr	NN	" I seek your forgiveness , Helen , but things have to be said aloud .
tr	NN	Come on , she 's read the file , and knows you have a potential suspect .
tr	NNS	I 'm seeing ghosts .
tr	NNS	The duffel bag had yielded one-half million dollars in well-used bills .
tr	NN	Wiping his brow with his palm , he smeared brown and yellow oil paint across his forehead .
tr	NNS	I 've mapped out the routes to the rest of my classes to avoid all potential seizures in the future .
tr	NNS	And now he wanted reports and data and contracts , all of which she had to hunt down and figure out .
tr	NNS	It was playing 245 yards .
tr	NN	I might have cooked the crap , but I wasn 't dumb or desperate enough to eat it .
tr	NN	He unwrapped his precious DNA scanner to take samples of a few native trees and ferns .
tr	NN	Chris stopped pacing and glared at Love .
tr	NN	Some picture me as some sort of eccentric scientist , others imagine an action star .
tr	NN	It would explain his sour demeanor .
tr	NNS	I could cast spells all over the house without any issues .
tr	NNS	Chapter Eight The Mountain Men For the first time since the Indian attack , Michael didn 't hide his tracks .
tr	NN	Mark tried the knob .
tr	NNS	Around two long tables were gathered two crowds of humans , all save one with their attention bent on the tables .
tr	NN	Eliot dangled his pen over Lucky 's belly .
tr	NNS	They don 't give balls like this any longer .
tr	NN	she shouted , her annoyance clearly growing .
tr	NNS	One calm evening , a young nurse heard noises coming from the priest 's room ; she entered to investigate and ensure his wellbeing .
tr	NN	She could sense the hunger as it came closer .
tr	NNS	I open my eyelashes leaning and peeking over the steep rock ledge .
tr	NNS	These last wore uniforms with black shirts .
tr	NN	" Where can we find the Other Power ? "
tr	NNS	They 've never had good PR , the vamps .
tr	NN	Turning round she saw a landscape of faces .
tr	NN	" You could throw a temper tantrum . "
tr	NN	The voices mutter above me , " ... careful ... , " when I hear grunts .
tr	NN	I took the gauntlet and manipulated a control that caused into open along a locking seam .
tr	NNS	I 'll show you my new tricks -- the ones my mount taught me .
tr	NNS	" Behind me I 've written the dates of the Civil War , an event that we 're all familiar with .
tr	NN	Perhaps you would like another pillow ? "
tr	NN	He returned Lorraine 's salute .
tr	NNS	Today they didn 't wear the same brown coats with wide lapels that they usually wore , with their scarves of red and brown .
tr	NN	He slid his c * ck between her thighs , thrusting back and forth to coat the length of his erection with her cream .
tr	NN	Everyone in the room released an aggravated huff along with a heavy sigh .
tr	NN	In the spring he wore a crown of woodland flowers .
tr	NNS	Maybe he 'd get miffed and disappear .
tr	NN	Lily picked up a crossbow and stood up .
tr	NNS	Tessa always made very large meals because all of the men had healthy appetites .
tr	NNS	They leave a girl breathless . "
tr	NNS	You read all those reports on him and knew this is what you felt you were supposed to do .
tr	NNS	She was making a few noises , though . "
tr	NNS	Alma sensed her sisters watching her .
tr	NN	He pulled off the t-shirt .
tr	NNS	You need some supplies to continue your journey ? "
tr	NN	Noel thrust a big basket of tiger lilies , coffee , and snacks in her face .
tr	NN	I gave an involuntary shudder and turned the page .
tr	NN	Finally , after minutes of silence and agony , Dawkins gave a thumbs-up .
tr	NNS	As he continued to speak he handed out schematics and diagrams .
tr	NN	He raided the refrigerator or borrowed Xbox games .
tr	NNS	" In college , you can sometimes pick your professors , as long as you 're flexible with your schedule .
tr	NNS	I see the three sons playing in the water .
tr	NNS	I 'm not accepting your excuses ... I understand ... you need to understand the ramifications ... is that a baby crying in the background ?
tr	NN	Someone 's lying facedown on the floor .
tr	NNS	Mitch pocketed the forms .
tr	NN	I turned off the ignition , attempted to get out but realized I 'd left my phone .
tr	NNS	I got giggles in response .
tr	NN	Humming softly , she gave Sam a bath , dressed him in his sleeper and nursed him once more .
tr	NN	He picked up the receiver , dropped it immediately into the cradle , and tried to return to the comfortable place on his pillow .
tr	NNS	In God 's death they saw hope fade into the abyss .
tr	NN	She scans my outfit over .
tr	NNS	We were dropped off , given supplies , and several men came with us .
tr	NN	She had felt a fire roaring through her blood that had never been there before .
tr	NN	Anyone can take its seed and grow it without royalties being paid .
tr	NN	Now she has a lab in her house and works there . "
tr	NN	He fitted his cap on his head and crossed the threshold when Allen said , " I don 't think so . "
tr	NNS	Crime scene techs had found cocaine , methamphetamine and marijuana stashed inside the downstairs toilet .
tr	NN	A secretary was packing a mammoth briefcase while the boss talked on the phone .
tr	NN	Men show respect by being firm in their handshakes . "
tr	NNS	The Feds can and will seize all assets under the right circumstances , and even the wrong ones , so we can take no chances .
tr	NNS	Many had servants holding up parasols against the ash , but it was falling lightly enough that some just ignored it .
tr	NN	She shoved a pen into my hand .
tr	NNS	They followed the tracks down the mountainside , Ethan scanning the trees , but nothing moved .
tr	NNS	A few other people are practicing their shots , but from what I can see , most of them missing horribly .
tr	NN	He touched its lid , and it had opened as if it were light as a feather .
tr	NN	He cut the tape around my legs and sat in Dmitry 's chair .
tr	NNS	Bobby cut the engines and lowered the slimy cinder blocked rope .
tr	NN	But then she felt jagged sharpness instead of the smooth numbing gusher .
tr	NNS	She has terrible nightmares , but she took to Kora straightaway .
tr	NN	Nick had little imagination , and he was not about to start thinking now .
tr	NNS	She laid the pages on the coffee table and rushed from the house .
tr	NNS	Tell your fellow team leaders to get their boys tucked in ASAP .
tr	NN	" You look a little flushed . "
tr	NN	Compassion uses the black whip -- longer range , harder to control .
tr	NNS	By the second setting , Min had forgotten her wariness .
tr	NNS	He grips my thighs , turning me sideways and pulling me in tight to his hips .
tr	NN	" She got overheated or something . "
tr	NNS	He expected thumps from the other side -- Cranks trying to get in just as they were at the windows in the dorm room .
tr	NN	She could still afford the material , but ... After a wistful look at the two books she 'd selected , she cleared her throat .
tr	NNS	But he 'd never really had social skills .
tr	NNS	I 'm holding three pages covered in rigid script that looks like a cross between hieroglyphics and Chinese .
tr	NN	If you choose to die later you still have the possibility of survival .
tr	NN	N. " A little thrill races down my spine .
tr	NN	" Quiet village folk , turning into violent madmen ?
tr	NNS	Dickie brushed the crumbs off the front of his coat and began to walk back to his cart .
tr	NNS	You have 14 shots .
tr	NNS	I won 't even let such notions begin ! "
tr	NNS	I 've even hired bodyguards to protect me , just in case he tries something . "
tr	NNS	He had never seen conditions like this before , materializing so fast , and then disappearing again so soon .
tr	NNS	He had been wrestling with Edward Cole , he was wearing only his breeches and was filthy all over , but looked as happy as a lark .
tr	NNS	She took several more deep breaths , started the engine , and slowly pulled out onto the street .
tr	NN	If you feel the back of your head , you 'll find a lump in the shape of its handle .
tr	NNS	Remember those thumping noises back when the phone company used mechanical relays ?
tr	NNS	My investors and I are already constructing luxury hotels on two of the three islands .
tr	NN	He ran a hand absently down the back of her head and buried it in her long hair .
tr	NN	He gave her a pointed glare .
tr	NN	In one hand he had The Big Man 's pistol .
tr	NN	She pulled the dagger out of her boot .
tr	NN	She removed a candle and what looked like a long , translucent crayon .
tr	NN	Layla had made an oath to God and her mother .
tr	NN	About to speak , Helen caught a glimpse of the man in question making his way down the stairs .
tr	NN	I bit back a groan .
tr	NNS	Bugs watched his actions carefully and realized the mayor was attempting to locate his wife , Madison .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of Addie 's motionless figure on the ground as something crashed against me .
tr	NNS	I love babies . "
tr	NNS	Hannah had new tricks .
tr	NN	" Go get that massage .
tr	NNS	He started his movements up once again , this time he moved slowly .
tr	NN	I had an urge to touch his creased cotton shirt .
tr	NNS	Not everyone gets the chances you do , " Lottie said , the smile fading from her face .
tr	NNS	I have made arrangements for you .
tr	NN	Caitlin drew the bath for him .
tr	NN	" So , why do they call the owl ' Virginia Anus ' ? "
tr	NN	I need your advice on something . "
tr	NN	Well , his mom hadn 't set a very good example ; he 'd never met his father .
tr	NNS	Very rarely , though , had Seven 's extended senses betrayed him .
tr	NN	Relieved , he exited the restroom and located the complimentary coffee dispenser .
tr	NN	She ripped the lead block from Erin 's hands .
tr	NNS	But lately Colin had been making jokes suggesting he wanted more than friendship from Josie , and she didn 't know how she felt about that .
tr	NNS	If they forget to do their chores , you make excuses and do it all yourself .
tr	NN	Swallowing in an attempt to moisten her parched throat , Claire gave a shrug .
tr	NNS	" Charleston has awesome seafood restaurants .
tr	NN	Staring up into his damn pretty blue eyes Nick felt his resolve slipping away .
tr	NN	Either you obey your Queen or you destroy the very purpose of this mission .
tr	NNS	' Do not worry ; I have no sexual desires along those lines .
tr	NNS	As you know , the NPS now accepts only patients with organically treatable behavioral disturbances .
tr	NNS	The Striker leaves victims without a mark on his body .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 22 The poured cement bench they called a bed was hard as a rock .
tr	NN	Mom read the menu , but I closed mine .
tr	NN	Nikki recognized the plea for privacy .
tr	NNS	" But who 's making the payments ? "
tr	NN	" Perfect , though in the future I 'd like a shorter version .
tr	NN	Diabetes affected every aspect of his life , and Emma 's , too , because of the constant care .
tr	NNS	What do you mean ... apologized ?
tr	NN	He suppressed a smirk .
tr	NNS	Out of suspicion , I avoided most Southern dishes as much as possible .
tr	NNS	But I wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	I run my fingertip along his defined collarbone as I accept that I started all of this .
tr	NNS	And , Mom , thanks for -- well for everything -- it speaks volumes to how much you care about my feelings . "
tr	NNS	She wrapped up the cards again , put them in the box and gave it to me along with the book .
tr	NN	Didn 't have a uniform or armor on . "
tr	NNS	That I was making excuses and I was putting my heart in danger .
tr	NNS	I want the numbers to stop counting .
tr	NN	That note in her voice gave him a measure of comfort , gave him hope .
tr	NNS	He shouted obscenities loudly while his men ran around .
tr	NNS	" Other towns use different items , like wood tokens . "
tr	NNS	" We 're not signing any contracts in the morning .
tr	NNS	For the first time , he had doubts about what he was doing .
tr	NNS	I asked the bodyguards and housekeepers who lives there and they told it me .
tr	NN	He even saw a dawning respect emerging in the scientist 's eyes .
tr	NN	He slid the pizza on a cooking tray and popped it in the oven .
tr	NNS	Catch more bees with honey .
tr	NNS	We 've found no marks on or near major arteries .
tr	NN	You have a granddaughter who will need you , sons and daughters who care for you .
tr	NNS	We eat the tuna fish sandwiches Mrs. Allen packed for us and drink root beer as the sunset shoots fire across the treetops .
tr	NN	Then , in agonizing inches , he moved his knuckle upward , gliding toward the straining pink peak .
tr	NNS	She tolerated their jokes and jabs , but only just barely .
tr	NN	She 'd rented a small condo in a quiet area a short way from the university and had spent her evenings furnishing the modest one bedroom .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes .
tr	NN	It eased the flow of power between them , but he could only do it for a few seconds .
tr	NNS	You know your abilities , and how to use them to their fullest extent .
tr	NN	I slow down and right my teacup .
tr	NNS	My voice is deathly soft , my face only inches from his .
tr	NN	They discussed the proposal at length and the trio agreed to establish a set of targets putting forward the outline of a plan .
tr	NN	" We will seize the throne , of course . "
tr	NN	Collins took out her notepad and maintained an extremely severe facial expression , contrasting well with Black 's affable demeanour .
tr	NNS	This will bring out abilities you don 't know you have yet . "
tr	NNS	Skip the pages and go to the back .
tr	NN	She found some canned stew , which she heated in the microwave and pulled a couple of sodas out of the fridge .
tr	NNS	" We have many treasures .
tr	NN	" Nice method of evaluation . "
tr	NN	I don 't need protection .
tr	NN	" A company outsources its entire IT department for a major project designed to make the company more competitive .
tr	NN	But I feel like any decision I make , I 'll just end up regretting . "
tr	NNS	Man , she had better powers than he did .
tr	NN	Her body had performed its ageless duty .
tr	NN	He had recognised the strange language in which the others had spoken , but could not remember where he recognised it from .
tr	NN	Brando took a peek at the paper and shook his head .
tr	NN	Why didn 't I just call my uncle right now ?
tr	NNS	On impulse , I punched the numbers into the keypad .
tr	NNS	Basically , it 's engineering functional systems at a molecular scale . "
tr	NN	When her brother hadn 't come back after a few weeks , she 'd started digging .
tr	NN	He 'll make a great pirate ! "
tr	NNS	Did you check the hospitals to see if he had been injured , or did you just read the papers ? "
tr	NNS	Abbey had identified those fears .
tr	NNS	' They may draw their own conclusions .
tr	NNS	They were checking numbers .
tr	NNS	He set down his wineglass , heavy on the linen tablecloth .
tr	NNS	How will they punish their fresh students ?
tr	NNS	He set his wineglass on the coffee table and moved to her side .
tr	NNS	He dates models . "
tr	NN	Elena eyed his offering doubtfully .
tr	NN	The insurgency attacked the tower .
tr	NN	" He delivers hay for Mr. Harrison . "
tr	NN	She heard the older gentleman suck in a breath and she hid a satisfied smile .
tr	NNS	Sally brought us bacon sandwiches and mugs of tea .
tr	NN	He started a slow progression toward Beck as he spoke .
tr	NN	I sniffled , felt phlegm trickle down the back of my throat .
tr	NN	Slowly , I wound around the complex and slipped out one of the side gates .
tr	NN	And summon my scribe .
tr	NNS	Most had empty eye sockets and only one ear .
tr	NN	They only hired a few interns every semester for the lab operations .
tr	NNS	She could almost feel the wheels turning in his head .
tr	NN	The building 's lavish size would have dwarfed any ordinary city structure .
tr	NNS	The orphans put the candles on a piece of bark illuminating the darkness .
tr	NN	He hopped off the wagon and went into the store .
tr	NN	Jonas took pity on her .
tr	NNS	Not sure what they meant by that , and , because he never worked as a stage hand before , Mac listed his coffee house performances .
tr	NNS	We left the mattress in the middle of the floor , and this is where Calder drops me .
tr	NNS	He handed the fellow a few coins .
tr	NNS	We had our issues , but being pushed around on our own soil was not one of them .
tr	NN	Did someone row you here in a boat ? "
tr	NNS	His hands run up my thighs and then under the sides of my underwear , and I know he must be kneeling in front of me .
tr	NNS	Actually , my grandmother ( on my father 's side ) had three breasts .
tr	NN	Ludwig took the pen and filled in two parts of the leaves in the bottom corner .
tr	NNS	Could a man with his background have ulterior motives for probing the Blake family history ?
tr	NN	" Either he takes rejection well , or you didn 't tell him anything yet . "
tr	NN	He still wants his coven , and now he 's alive again - a living , breathing man .
tr	NNS	And I will explain to you the mechanics by which this process will occur .
tr	NNS	Her prettiness is an illusion now , cunning layers of paint to hide the truth .
tr	NN	I wish you much success . "
tr	NNS	You betrayed your peers by failing to do as we agreed and by failing to fight against Jeanine Matthews .
tr	NN	He could see the pier at the guest house now and knew he would be able to make it to the beach in a few minutes .
tr	NN	He felt Weldon Harper 's discomfort inside his mist .
tr	NNS	Concentrating with all of his might , the Prince mentally sank anchors into all of the memories , and began to reel them back toward him .
tr	NN	The pot has a timer .
tr	NN	I have a personal philosophy ; always stay six steps ahead of your enemy .
tr	NN	We can have a pizza .
tr	NNS	Darryl saw them too , twenty or more pairs of eyes watching , waiting , a pack of coyotes ready to scavenge amongst the rubble .
tr	NNS	He obviously had the hots for her .
tr	NN	" Can you hand me that towel ? "
tr	NN	She had endured the ache of separation from her childhood home , albeit a ramshackle shack on the edge of a beach .
tr	NNS	If it 's the former , we may have jurisdiction issues with the Capital .
tr	NNS	She waited wide-eyed and head tilted for his answer .
tr	NNS	We have meetings at the long table every other day .
tr	NNS	" Not all of us have trust funds to live off of .
tr	NNS	" Five hundred dollars . "
tr	NNS	He was running the numbers through his head .
tr	NNS	In fact , in my own bumbling way , I had similar notions once . "
tr	NN	Grace recognised the speaker as Irene Watkins , the one who had been cackling and making jokes earlier .
tr	NN	She most likely would give him the silent treatment .
tr	NN	You should have had more respect for me , at least for my abilities .
tr	NN	He threw his soapy sponge onto the hood and met me halfway , just like he was supposed to .
tr	NNS	The smell of sticky , warm sex engulfed my senses .
tr	NN	The big man shoved the gag into his mouth , tied it off , and rose abruptly .
tr	NNS	And then , for the rest of the year , she 'll make the tastiest pies and pumpkin bread in the world . "
tr	NNS	" And I gave the octopus to Joey , because he 's such a - " " Pussy , " she finished .
tr	NN	I 've been getting the impression she 's had a few second thoughts . "
tr	NNS	Nate had had his doubts at first -- he was awful young to be in charge .
tr	NNS	Indeed , sometimes people overestimate their abilities .
tr	NN	" No one on the entire continent has electricity , except where private generators are running , and these generators are old truck engines .
tr	NNS	Many provinces all over the Philippines have versions of this story . "
tr	NNS	I 'm getting the numbers again ! "
tr	NN	He glared at me , lips pursed , shadowed face gaunt .
tr	NNS	She looked at the security cameras lined up along the roof eaves , and the solid glass doors in front of her .
tr	NN	" But I didn 't have proof . "
tr	NN	Or even just roam off into the wilderness , build a shack , and start a new life as a mysterious hermit .
tr	NNS	But before I do that , I just wet the paints on my palette , to make them soft and easy to apply . "
tr	NN	He slammed a drawer .
tr	NN	As soon as two of his fingers slid inside her they both let out a low moan .
tr	NNS	When I return to the table , she 's taken a few bites of the food .
tr	NNS	I 'd be pushing babies out of the way to escape .
tr	NN	I loved the whole package .
tr	NNS	Buzz had honors and chose driver .
tr	NNS	My words sounded breathless .
tr	NN	Lauren hid the jealousy that had begun raging inside .
tr	NNS	Terror flooded my senses , erasing the pain .
tr	NN	Her thumb is rubbing one temple while her fingers work the other .
tr	NN	I found the gold pen , popped the top off it and scrounged around another drawer for a notepad .
tr	NNS	So give me your powers so you can have your happiness , or be ALONE and DIE ALONE ! "
tr	NN	Cassidy stayed wildcat and didn 't answer .
tr	NN	They just invited certainty .
tr	NN	I am , after all , a healer . "
tr	NNS	He removed the wires .
tr	NNS	He fired two shots behind him but I could tell by the ricochet that neither bullet hit one of them .
tr	NN	Why was Augusta keeping a file on me ?
tr	NN	The trouble was finding proof that would stick in court - so far he had just managed to stay uncharged , mainly by intimidating potential witnesses .
tr	NNS	" I don 't trust your sensors anymore . "
tr	NN	A chill runs down my spine and my heart thuds against my ribcage .
tr	NNS	We did our chores .
tr	NNS	Most of the signal trunks are commandeered or shared gland nerve fibers .
tr	NN	He let the door swing open and regretted it a heartbeat later .
tr	NNS	Thick carpeting covered the floors , and wallpaper softened the walls .
tr	NN	The animal in him wanted complete possession .
tr	NNS	I could practically feel all the other drivers laughing at me as they drove past .
tr	NN	He took the linen napkin , unfolded it , and wiped his eyes .
tr	NN	What I didn 't know , was how amazed she was by the way I described the castle .
tr	NNS	He ran his thumbs over them and watched her catch her lower lip between her teeth and close her eyes .
tr	NN	Kane let out a snapping growl and took three fast paces forward .
tr	NN	Frantically , she sweeps the jewellery and fillings into the bag and flees , terrified , into the night .
tr	NN	Marguerite could feel Wren 's agitation as they waited for Bill .
tr	NNS	Maybe he had other abilities .
tr	NN	Rusty grimaced and Donovan saw the realization that they couldn 't push more .
tr	NN	His laugh turned a little husky and he started kissing me again , running his hand up my back to gently grasp my neck .
tr	NN	Don 't take candy from strangers .
tr	NN	" Here , you can have the bigger steak . "
tr	NN	When everything was back to normal , Jensen gave me an impromptu magic lesson .
tr	NNS	I 'll take my chances .
tr	NNS	" I have other talents . "
tr	NN	As she began to scream , Karl moved the lid back in place , and then there was almost perfect darkness .
tr	NN	I 'll take the cart , too .
tr	NN	All other human beings would negate the claim vehemently , which in itself would be proof they were lying .
tr	NNS	Louisa gave them both hugs .
tr	NNS	Once she finished , Elissa carried all the dishes out the door , hoping to have the table set at the other house before Veronica came home .
tr	NN	She flared tin , letting her eyes adjust to the deep darkness within the abandoned room .
tr	NN	" So know your fate : I will turn you back onto my lands without horse , bow , axe , or spear .
tr	NN	The knife cut the damp turf easily and it was not long until they had created a circle of bare earth around the old stump .
tr	NN	" When can you see the confession ? "
tr	NNS	All this , while on the road out front people rode bicycles or scooters .
tr	NN	Expert fingertips found the hardened nipple that betrayed her .
tr	NN	At last , he spotted a reprieve revealing itself on the horizon .
tr	NNS	For centuries , my people have believed our powers come from the gods .
tr	NN	Something draped down the shaft , water running over it in a torrent .
tr	NNS	The building directory listed the law offices of a former governor , two former mayors and a US senator .
tr	NNS	" So ... um ... who wrote the scrolls ? "
tr	NNS	I raise dogs for my father 's troops . "
tr	NNS	So I don 't take any chances , my brother . "
tr	NNS	The IVs mean doctors , a hospital .
tr	NN	Scott put down his teacup .
tr	NN	The thought of James being into it made her hotter than hell .
tr	NN	If he 'd stayed in the car he could have given me the registration himself , it would have gone done like juice .
tr	NN	He ignored the tiny worm of doubt that slithered in the pit of his stomach .
tr	NNS	" So we 're talking mad scientists .
tr	NN	He carried a briefcase that had come through baggage claim .
tr	NN	Quickly changing back into the jammies , I carefully folded the lingerie and placed it on the bed to be packed .
tr	NNS	He denied those particular requests .
tr	NNS	For that , you have my apologies . "
tr	NN	The Lady 's tearing up a shack . "
tr	NNS	" We can make babies . "
tr	NN	They admire your success there .
tr	NNS	She had her suspicions , but she wasn 't just ready to share them with Straker just yet .
tr	NN	He is humming a tune ( what is it with the intelligent species and humming tunes while they do stuff ? ) . .
tr	NN	The man furthest away from me stroked his long , gray beard with one hand and held his coffee mug out for a refill with the other .
tr	NN	I have this paint .
tr	NN	He simply caught the hem of the shirt and tugged until she gave in and lifted her body enough to allow him to pull it off .
tr	NNS	He lowered the reins as a patch of woodland approached .
tr	NN	Evie and I hugged each other goodnight and I took a quick shower before hopping into bed .
tr	NN	She didn 't wish anyone harm now , and she didn 't want to waste time on Katherine .
tr	NNS	Tears made muddy tracks in the dirt on his face .
tr	NNS	Feel the adjustments in the yoke like you do with a steering wheel .
tr	NNS	Silence gripped the crowds as the last clue landed .
tr	NN	Especially considering the task ahead of me today .
tr	NNS	Her hot pink bikini could barely contain her surgically enhanced breasts .
tr	NNS	No , Shane had his rights and if he wanted Brent then he could have him .
tr	NN	He expected a raging bull but got only silence .
tr	NNS	They hoisted the blades into the air .
tr	NN	Tracking by scent took patience and time .
tr	NNS	I have only about six inches of closet space .
tr	NNS	Noel could see patients in wheelchairs , covered in blankets , taking in the fresh air .
tr	NN	She gave a quick shrug .
tr	NN	She watched the figure on the other side of the street the way a baby rabbit watches a snake .
tr	NN	You scared the crap out of me !
tr	NNS	His shoulders hurt from restraining all his overpowering very male , very vampire instincts .
tr	NNS	She rose a few inches , found another foothold , and did it again .
tr	NN	But then she spotted the accordion file beneath his arm and understood why he 'd come .
tr	NNS	And I have the houses , some property .
tr	NNS	Everyone else had canisters in their hands , too .
tr	NNS	Sys didn 't have a sense of smell , um catalogued scents by analyzing their chemical composition and putting them in the same category with similar substances .
tr	NNS	Twin pillars , symmetrical in the room , sported scorch marks .
tr	NNS	She put goggles on him to cover his eyes that glowed sometimes , and gloves , to keep him from using his power inadvertently .
tr	NN	But then she got the distinct impression that she should climb .
tr	NNS	If I keep this thing running , it might knock out the power systems for a couple hundred miles , so let 's do it . "
tr	NN	I 'd call it denial with an arrogance chaser . "
tr	NN	I grabbed a handful of green cookies and tossed them to Sandy .
tr	NNS	The princess made many discoveries during those talks .
tr	NNS	We 're having twins .
tr	NN	I could hear her scratching against the wood as I ran down the hall .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to gasp .
tr	NN	I will rewrite our IT . "
tr	NN	But she knew greatness when she saw it , and so she worked in a couple of small galleries , learning and gathering experience .
tr	NNS	" He hasn 't had visions , but he experiences a connection of some kind .
tr	NN	It has better range than this thing . "
tr	NN	The look on the waitress 's face gave the impression that she was not convinced .
tr	NNS	I got plates and forks out and some bottles of water .
tr	NNS	" Thirty thousand dollars . "
tr	NN	The young man pointed and made a desperate shooing gesture .
tr	NN	Doesn 't he trust my judgement in providing my own man ? '
tr	NNS	His arrow missed the wolves by a large margin .
tr	NN	" Never believe a writer .
tr	NN	He had that effect on me .
tr	NN	She does not take caution .
tr	NN	I have an appointment . "
tr	NNS	We 'd received a few crates , but were running low on it .
tr	NNS	He grazes my inner thighs first , and I know without his groan that I 'm damp there .
tr	NNS	His filthy words sent fresh juices to my aching sex .
tr	NN	I don 't have a trust fund anymore . "
tr	NN	They had mentioned some organization and their budget being cut .
tr	NN	She dug the sharp toe of her red stiletto into the dwarf 's side , but of course , Richie didn 't move .
tr	NN	Why did she have more faith in the guy than he did in himself ?
tr	NN	Gan saw his father tense momentarily , but his answer was restrained .
tr	NN	He loaded his pistol up with armor piercing rounds , just in case .
tr	NNS	" If you have trouble finding some help , you could always sell the cattle .
tr	NNS	As soon as they see how committed we are , they 'll elevate our ranks and increase our privileges .
tr	NN	I shot a buck yesterday with a tranquilizer gun and he 's scheduled to be released on that tiger island at four this afternoon .
tr	NNS	She 'd taken many classes there over the years -- it would be comfortable , if nothing else .
tr	NNS	Other times he placed two or more forks in the stones , struck the tines and listened .
tr	NNS	As they moved through the city , people passed her like ghosts .
tr	NNS	" Close the blinds and lock the door behind me . "
tr	NNS	He adjusted his mirrors and glimpsed a flash of blue lights in the reflection .
tr	NN	Jack hit my butt .
tr	NNS	I like surprises . "
tr	NNS	They wandered the deserted halls for what seemed like hours .
tr	NNS	The militias have prices on all their heads .
tr	NNS	' It can hold twice as many bombs as the older models . '
tr	NN	I only had so much juice and it was earmarked for other things .
tr	NN	" I can 't take the credit for that . "
tr	NN	The other scanned the internet for any mention of the two together .
tr	NNS	Get your priorities straight .
tr	NN	Gray checked his wristwatch .
tr	NNS	Your own father planted the seeds of doubt in the afterlife , which is why he is still here . "
tr	NNS	Just a bunch of hillbillies who drink moonshine and marry our sisters .
tr	NN	Kate looked around his large frame and took in the beautiful jet with stairs already in place and the passenger door open .
tr	NNS	Heated breath brushed my thighs , a growl rumbled the air , and my heart stuttered .
tr	NNS	When she didn 't get one , she tossed two fuzzy tennis balls in Nisha 's direction .
tr	NN	I wish , " I say and let my shoulders sag .
tr	NN	My mom holds her belly running to me in full gallop mode .
tr	NNS	He read the titles of the ones who had them , picked up the top of the stacks in his curiosity .
tr	NNS	Sitting in the darkness , knowing no one will realize my absence from camp , I allow the peaceful surroundings to lull me to sleep .
tr	NNS	Do you have any other demonic necklaces you 'd like to dole out ?
tr	NNS	He 'll find doctors who will swear that Little Annie Oakley was racked with Parkinson 's disease from the very day she was born . "
tr	NNS	She met his movements , wanting the clothes gone , but not wanting to break away from him long enough to remove them .
tr	NN	I swallowed back the lump forming in my throat .
tr	NNS	Of course , he could use his special skills , but it wasn 't allowed to attract anyone 's attention .
tr	NNS	" I knew you wouldn 't , " she said fervently .
tr	NNS	From what they had told her the area had gorgeous beaches and , while not as warm as areas farther south , it remained warmer than Wisconsin .
tr	NNS	Aaron had his own issues .
tr	NN	" Stop it , " Patrick said , pacing towards me .
tr	NNS	The vampires of The Black Bell have three witches captive on their island .
tr	NN	Did his notebook of secrets really spell disaster if it got into the wrong hands ?
tr	NN	She clutches an oversized cloth handbag , her eyes darting around nervously .
tr	NNS	Every man will be provided sufficient provisions .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse only if I got a ride somewhere and we happened to drive by it in the daytime .
tr	NNS	How do vampires liven their balls up ? '
tr	NNS	A faint jangle from a hand bell penetrated the ceiling boards .
tr	NN	" We make the Law , and we uphold the Law .
tr	NN	" The cornerstones that will topple the whole tower .
tr	NNS	We found some tracks , though .
tr	NNS	And she uses her jokes as a distraction .
tr	NNS	Yet , the kingdom now tattooed babies shortly after birth .
tr	NNS	All three were smoking cigarettes and seemed to know Milner .
tr	NNS	The late night adventure had done wonders for him .
tr	NNS	Iona climbed eight floors , panting by the time she reached the top .
tr	NNS	Don 't eat any more peanut butter sandwiches before bed .
tr	NNS	His pause speaks volumes .
tr	NN	I tighten my towel around me and stuff my feet in my boots .
tr	NN	You possess a more impressive constitution than I dragon slayer .
tr	NN	He pinched her nipple , bent for a compulsive suckle as he came over her , groaning as her firmness cushioned his hardness .
tr	NNS	This building had twelve floors .
tr	NN	" This would explain the uproar around Val Hall .
tr	NN	I yanked open the refrigerator and scowled , squinting against the bright glare .
tr	NNS	On the other hand , it 's given me some remarkable powers . "
tr	NN	Why couldn 't she abhor sin ?
tr	NNS	Ain 't no one doesn 't like the twins . "
tr	NNS	One of them alone cost eighteen hundred dollars .
tr	NNS	He remembered her first attempts on a horse .
tr	NNS	I can feel my powers growing every day . "
tr	NNS	We could not have predicted the rapid changes and advances in technology and ideas that have occurred over the last 30 years .
tr	NN	He 'd provided a double saddle to make the night 's travel more comfortable .
tr	NNS	Her knees squeezed his thighs , surrendering to his every whim .
tr	NN	Savannah had a strange , mesmerizing effect on men , as if the memory of her haunted them for eternity .
tr	NN	' Sounds all very jolly , ' Paul replied sarcastically , ' What about number 2 ? '
tr	NNS	He 'd brought allies to this meeting .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to back away from her like she had done to him .
tr	NNS	It pulled off its goggles and sat as it recharged , unmoving and for once unthinking , watching a marvel of the universe unfold before it .
tr	NN	Why couldn 't I shake this attraction when I found him so annoying half the time ?
tr	NN	Doubts obscure your clarity of purpose .
tr	NN	We found the wreckage of an Osprey up here , passing it up to the coordination team as Foxtrot Four Alpha One .
tr	NN	I let out a long yawn and then I snuggled under the blankets and closed my eyes .
tr	NNS	" Don 't screw benefits . "
tr	NNS	" But you didn 't have any more nightmares , did you ? "
tr	NNS	" But he doesn 't have any marks -- " " It got into our heads , " she interrupted , her voice tremulous .
tr	NNS	When they get back , they have friendly discussions with the British Ambassador about their forthcoming goodwill visit to London .
tr	NN	" I have a huge favor to ask you . "
tr	NNS	Once they were in orbit they had spotted several more ships leaving or returning to the planet , all of them through the North Pole opening .
tr	NN	I sink venom into it and gnash it against my barred teeth .
tr	NNS	Claim you 've done some modifications or something . "
tr	NNS	Greg searched his pockets .
tr	NN	He slid down the chimney , ready for anything .
tr	NN	Each had an old wristwatch on them , and those snapped and broke as they rubbed on the door or wall .
tr	NN	Stepping up on the first step to the deck , I noticed a shovel leaning against the deck .
tr	NN	Soon , near the bottom of the hill , close to where the plains stretched out , I saw a patch of mud .
tr	NN	We made a truce between us , as the vines held us there , that we would no longer seek to harm the other .
tr	NN	If not ... " She made an empty gesture , then turned and strode down the gravel path without looking back .
tr	NNS	As we went to the living room for aperitifs -- yes , aperitifs - Brandon eyed his surroundings with a low whistle .
tr	NN	He avoided her hoof , and then she whipped her tail against his face .
tr	NNS	" But will the birds help us ? "
tr	NN	He just kicked the crap out of me .
tr	NN	Jam put up no physical resistance , preferring to hide in confusion .
tr	NN	" Why don 't you an ' yer boy come inside , yer worship ?
tr	NNS	Time had brought certain other changes to the Martin household , too .
tr	NNS	As with most of life the movie images of youth had inspired the scientists of the future .
tr	NN	A dark-brown blanket covered a lump on the side of the road .
tr	NN	The way he says my name makes my stomach squeeze .
tr	NN	Every night we would check the internet for news on the police finding Rick , but nothing was ever there .
tr	NN	On the way to class , I got an inkling of how my social status had improved now that word had gotten around about Rigel and me .
tr	NN	They would have heard some version of what happened yesterday , so they knew why he was here .
tr	NNS	And , if that wasn 't enough , her heart skipped three beats .
tr	NN	The government had stopped identity theft by preventing people from accessing their own bank accounts without government permission .
tr	NNS	However , Gilgamesh occasionally has difficulties with distortions between branes , a tearing of the cosmic fiber so to speak . "
tr	NN	He grabs a handful of chips and eases into a chair .
tr	NN	If they catch you , they take your instrument and shove - ' He stopped .
tr	NN	If you don 't know where you are going to , you might cause much harm .
tr	NNS	Zeus overthrew the older generations of gods , and among those ancient deities were the Furies .
tr	NN	Perhaps she 'd visit the temple this sun before it got too overcrowded .
tr	NN	When the Assembly reconvened , she handed down her ruling .
tr	NNS	Sexton never takes taxis .
tr	NN	Mulberry pulled a crowbar out of his bag and approached the first box .
tr	NNS	Her eyes searched her surroundings despite the deepening shadows - it was dusk , the sky a piercing cobalt blue .
tr	NNS	I 'll take the blood samples and get someone to press on with the DNA check , and subsequent comparison with that on the stun rod .
tr	NN	I have faith in you guys . '
tr	NNS	I envision ruffles and teddy bears every time I see it . "
tr	NNS	I hated Ferris wheels .
tr	NN	" I need a bath . "
tr	NNS	She then patted her pockets , frowned , and then said to Bax , " Matches ? "
tr	NN	' Then came the operation .
tr	NN	Roger studied the cube next to Bloom before sitting down .
tr	NNS	He brushed fragments of paper off his increasingly greasy suit .
tr	NNS	We drop our packs .
tr	NN	They continued their slow advance as he raced forward .
tr	NN	He said impatiently , " What is it , boy ? "
tr	NNS	She does not consider the dangers of exposing us to the human world by too careless a slaughter .
tr	NNS	He continued the motions , over and over again , even as his other hand covered my other breast began to tease it with his fingers .
tr	NNS	She has two labels interested in signing you and Sienna .
tr	NN	In Elaine 's jeep , she has a mobile charger .
tr	NNS	He gave me top marks . "
tr	NN	I laid the yellowing document on the table in front of me , not bothering with tweezers to preserve the delicate , ancient paper .
tr	NN	Can I at least have a gender discount ?
tr	NN	" What the fuck is it ? "
tr	NNS	I indicated the marks beneath the initial wound .
tr	NNS	Though many already slumbered , each of these had troubles that kept them awake .
tr	NNS	In truth , he 'd once had three younger sisters , but none of them had ever dared insult him .
tr	NN	Heard the cover suck into its seal and its three bolts slam into place .
tr	NNS	Dewayne and I counted eleven large bowls of the dish , and no two looked the same .
tr	NNS	The searing emptiness of the labyrinth reflected the emptiness of my mind .
tr	NNS	It would probably hurt her chances of winning , actually .
tr	NNS	He wants more subjects to boss around . "
tr	NN	I don 't remember , quite , your objection to the Electron Pump .
tr	NNS	Sheridan rubbed her temples .
tr	NN	After reaching the ticket office he saw the station 's café .
tr	NNS	So we didn 't have any examples of swarm agents to study .
tr	NNS	He liked the ruthlessness of giving the bastard an immediate and vicious response to his e-mail .
tr	NN	He apparently had the opposite effect on Hamlet , who was fast asleep in his lap .
tr	NNS	He had stolen millions from Abernathy and hid it around the county .
tr	NN	Or playing the piano . "
tr	NNS	Hagan warned his companions .
tr	NNS	" Give me the addresses . "
tr	NNS	How could she face her sisters now ?
tr	NNS	" A red necktie will look gorgeous paired with your black eye and blue cheekbone , Pox . "
tr	NNS	Hover cars still had wheels .
tr	NNS	Besides , he had billions !
tr	NNS	His father would 've had the weeds poisoned ... Her stomach churned .
tr	NNS	" Source , if you can hear me , answer my prayers .
tr	NN	... " Such a cop out .
tr	NNS	We need live samples . "
tr	NN	As his hand neared the tome , he felt a slight tingling sensation through his fingers that passed up his arm all the way to his chest .
tr	NNS	All three men quickly donned their helmets and masks .
tr	NN	* They swam the first moat and scaled the wall , using grappling hooks and ropes .
tr	NNS	-- she gave excuses with sweet , convincing voice .
tr	NN	But I decided , I was taking responsibility for my feelings from here on in .
tr	NN	One boy and one girl shared a bench , and they were asked to sit on the edge of a bench on either side .
tr	NNS	Take no chances and watch them closely . "
tr	NN	Thor could smell the delicate fragrance coming off the pink scroll , and was puzzled as he tried to figure out who it was from .
tr	NNS	You get two weekends a month , Noah . "
tr	NNS	He had made his confessions ... harmless they were .
tr	NN	He pulled his snout away .
tr	NNS	" Don 't wet your pets .
tr	NNS	Nor did he ever increase his prices , as he was afraid of losing business .
tr	NNS	They were looking at a scene from the diamond mines , the dark pits in the ground from which men emerged carrying baskets heaped with gems .
tr	NNS	When Minnie 's footsteps had faded down the hallway , I pulled the covers back and ran my fingers along the inside of my petticoat .
tr	NN	" Kid , he died a hero .
tr	NN	" What the fuck are you doing in my house ? "
tr	NNS	She shuffled the cards one more time , then pushed them towards him to cut the deck .
tr	NN	She clutched the pistol and fired at him and he fell flat on his face .
tr	NN	When I looked into my hand , I saw a delicate beautiful golden medallion .
tr	NN	That earned her a fiery glare .
tr	NN	" Well , you achieved your good deed .
tr	NNS	" We don 't have the Order 's deep pockets . "
tr	NN	I 'll give you the shortened version of what you need to know , and then you decide . "
tr	NN	" Because with my new ' Hot Stuff ' column , I could use some good interaction . "
tr	NNS	" Sorry , but I need two dozen roses in a variety of colors . "
tr	NN	Because I know you want your helm back .
tr	NN	He found the location of Shelby 's GPS transmitter .
tr	NNS	" He deliberately moved the mirrors in the living room after I had them where I wanted .
tr	NNS	The sour faced lady chopping at everything with her teaspoon !
tr	NN	Cracking an eye , I find a snout in my line of sight .
tr	NNS	We don 't leave our members behind .
tr	NNS	All doctors write off some patients who can 't pay , but the owners decided I was writing off too much .
tr	NN	She donned her new swimsuit , the one she hadn 't bought with Liam in mind , and trotted back down the stairs to meet her friend .
tr	NN	He noticed the low battery and decided to wait to find out what information the phone might hold about its owner .
tr	NNS	Cheer up folks ! "
tr	NNS	" I don 't know , " I answered thinly .
tr	NN	You truly do the dress justice , Ms. Adams . "
tr	NNS	This rips several cables out of her metal body , her eyes widen and she releases a painful croak .
tr	NNS	He had passed several buildings that had apparently caught fire , and since no one had come to put them out they had just continued burning .
tr	NNS	" No , listen , " he said , a knot of need tightening in his gut as her sweet scent stormed his senses .
tr	NN	Since none of those options were possible , he gave a shrug .
tr	NNS	A powerhouse on the field , he took no chances and toppled his challengers one after another .
tr	NNS	Play your cards right , and you can have beer and chocolate for dessert . "
tr	NNS	You always put the knives on the wrong side of the plate . "
tr	NN	" I may not control Death but I do control the dead .
tr	NN	He hardened his resolve .
tr	NN	He had momentarily forgotten Pan 's reluctance to reveal anything that could indicate a definite view of a subject not directly connected to his official duties .
tr	NN	Filled with a sudden , inexplicable fear , she dropped the lid back into place , ran up the stairs , and slammed the door behind her .
tr	NNS	Perhaps she should ask the gods about it some day .
tr	NN	The weight difference couldn 't be given all the credit .
tr	NN	If you like the view , I could produce a similar painting as a commission for you . "
tr	NN	As they let each other go , they almost resumed their old banter , but not quite .
tr	NNS	We had sofas , bureaus , and glass tables -- ivory , polished , and cold -- meant to be seen , not to be used .
tr	NNS	The people who 'd kept her captive knew well her abilities .
tr	NNS	You eating all my peanut butter and not telling me .
tr	NN	But we saw the killer 's intent and paused .
tr	NNS	She tidied up the items on her smooth , clean desk and gathered her purse .
tr	NN	Without these restraints , he would be clawing open his belly .
tr	NNS	He pulled back the covers of her bed and lowered her gently down .
tr	NNS	About my city , and the simulations . "
tr	NN	His father had sent a handful of guards with him .
tr	NNS	Flossie had finished dinner and left plates in the oven for Winkler and the Grand Master when they finished in Star Cove .
tr	NN	When do the gods reveal my fate ?
tr	NN	Strauss had forwarded the email to a third party on a separate server .
tr	NN	She returned the salute , and everyone went back to stretching .
tr	NNS	Doing this would eradicate their chances of facing the prevalent abuse that comes from male fosters that adopt young girls from the orphanage .
tr	NN	He took the clip from on top of her head and pulled her hair around her shoulders .
tr	NN	He immediately spotted the possible culprit -- a half-eaten container of shrimp fried rice , left on the counter since Tuesday .
tr	NN	The next day , she had an appointment with Bridget to let out some of her dresses again .
tr	NN	He rubbed her belly every once in a while , and she drifted off .
tr	NN	She brushed a strand of hair off her forehead .
tr	NNS	Relax , " he said and gestured for her to take a seat in one of the large , overstuffed chairs .
tr	NN	That didn 't muffle the snorts and giggles .
tr	NNS	" None of the explorers have families left to consider , or we had to be willing to leave them behind forever . "
tr	NNS	He lit candles and crushed a variety of herbs to fill their chamber with soothing , healing sweetness .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen numbers for one or the other , and they were disappointing .
tr	NNS	For three long seconds it stared silently , snout and whiskers coated with blood .
tr	NNS	I fluttered my eyelashes in innocence .
tr	NNS	" Well , Dad has issues with spicy food , but not like that . "
tr	NNS	He is flipping the pages .
tr	NN	He believed her assessment .
tr	NN	" Why do you think ruling Kanaan is chaotic ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll fetch some nice hot bricks to warm your feet .
tr	NN	He felt no grief , no loss .
tr	NN	It wasn 't until I purchased his soda and we came back outside that he spoke again .
tr	NNS	The sharpness in her voice pierced their bliss like a pin through the skin of a balloon .
tr	NN	He tied the cloth around my face , gagging me .
tr	NNS	The women pulled up chairs around a small table and each ordered a glass of wine , except Faith , who favored club soda .
tr	NNS	Wrapping a sprain ankle will limit movements and prevent it from getting worse .
tr	NNS	You have decent instincts for a newbie . "
tr	NN	I nod stiffly and move to sit down on the left-hand bed , shivering slightly .
tr	NNS	There were raking nail marks , deep enough to draw tiny trickles of blood , all the way across one pectoral .
tr	NN	I watched the celebration , not quite sure my joining them would be appreciated .
tr	NNS	This place , the pool house , had certain powers that helped him cope better with himself .
tr	NNS	An unpleasant restlessness had set his senses on edge .
tr	NN	Sporadic bursts of energy showered the craft , each sounding like a small explosion .
tr	NNS	He rubs his palms together , then drops his thumbs into the pockets of his jeans .
tr	NNS	" You have used your wits and your magic wisely .
tr	NNS	Besides , I had hospitals left to visit .
tr	NN	She couldn 't help the jealousy that bit into her at the mention of some other woman .
tr	NNS	The Empire 's troops dug trenches about four miles from Mexico 's front line .
tr	NNS	We don 't encourage any more spectators than can stand comfortably about the railing .
tr	NNS	Had some interviews but ... I 'm not sure . "
tr	NNS	Changing into a vampire could wipe out my psychic abilities altogether .
tr	NNS	" I have had the court seamstress creating an outfit for you .
tr	NNS	Give the man points for being perceptive .
tr	NN	When I didn 't say anything , I clumsily gave her the impression that I was no longer interested in talking .
tr	NNS	He hears the coldness in his voice , but this is a cold business .
tr	NNS	" I 'll bring some cleaning supplies with me tomorrow and , after our shift , we can come up here and start cleaning .
tr	NNS	I needed test subjects to build my army , and my contact was more than happy to oblige .
tr	NNS	She documented the changes , anyway .
tr	NN	" My sister left her Gerard because he was supporting a corrupt man .
tr	NNS	Why should I have any objections ?
tr	NNS	" I have no ulterior motives here , Lily .
tr	NNS	Goddamn , we were sitting ducks out here in the center of the water with no protection at all .
tr	NN	" You must face the likelihood that your father had her executed . "
tr	NNS	" My driver knows some antique shops in Maryland .
tr	NN	Tommy , already suspicious , began loosing patience ; always a dangerous proposition in dealing with Serge .
tr	NNS	He stopped inches from the cement edge where Mary Elise perched gripping her knees .
tr	NNS	They peeled off the wrappers .
tr	NN	He pictured the empty saddle .
tr	NNS	You 'd better hope Renna 's gotten a lot less adventurous since I knew her .
tr	NNS	He had skills of unrivaled fashion yet was persecuted for who he was , something he could not change .
tr	NNS	Marshall had already sold the hardware stores rather than letting John take over .
tr	NN	Feels like a festival in here . "
tr	NN	One misstep , then a person would be getting a cold , muddy river bath .
tr	NNS	And we wouldn 't get more than a few drops out of a finger . "
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths , trying to gather enough strength to scream as he jerked her down the hall .
tr	NN	Voices began a chant in an ancient tongue .
tr	NN	Toward the open back ramp .
tr	NN	The interrogation netted no suspect .
tr	NN	The thought made her spine stiffen .
tr	NNS	" Her virtue or her own selfish desires ? "
tr	NN	He fought the urge to slide his hand over her ass to find out .
tr	NN	With his considerable profits , he built a chopstick factory and exported the chopsticks to Japan and China , eventually expanding throughout Southeast Asia .
tr	NNS	He watched the birds as they tilted their heads to the side to look at the flying parrot .
tr	NNS	He met the bird 's talons with his own , locking them together so that they tumbled from the sky , end over end .
tr	NNS	They purchased supplies from the surrounding villages , but not nearly enough to feed themselves .
tr	NNS	" However , my schedule sucks balls .
tr	NN	That 'll end your prying ! '
tr	NNS	Taking advantage of the now defenseless king , Nimrod boldly revealed his armies .
tr	NN	Jenny Blackwell , Floyd 's wife , had baked a cake in the shape of a stork delivering the baby and had done an incredible job .
tr	NNS	It was mirroring his movements .
tr	NN	" Into the air duct .
tr	NN	' That I 'm using the fact my mom had a nervous breakdown as some kind of excuse ? '
tr	NN	In that case , he knows Keller 's involvement with what 's happened to us and the other teams .
tr	NN	An hour later , heart still breaking , Kylie checked her e-mail and found her mother had finally sent her the scan of Daniel 's obituary .
tr	NNS	We 've had reports . "
tr	NN	Almost lazily , I drew the feather across the joint of the claw that held me .
tr	NNS	He felt snakes under his armpit , and felt snakes slipping past his groin .
tr	NNS	There are several sporting goods stores in the area .
tr	NNS	I hated arguments like this , so full of riddles and land mines .
tr	NN	I still feel a pang of guilt when I think about Olaf 's death .
tr	NN	I handed him my wrap , which was now bundled with the extra napkins .
tr	NNS	Whoever was in here wasn 't taking any chances on leaving anyone alive .
tr	NNS	All around her stood buildings .
tr	NNS	" I 'll give you a thousand bucks for it . "
tr	NNS	She rubbed its hardness on her cheeks , and she allowed her lips to glide over the soft wrinkled skin of his scrotum .
tr	NNS	Uncle Gabriel is probably whipping up some waffles and your sister and brother are anxious to see you . "
tr	NN	He ordered the pizza exactly how I love it .
tr	NN	Jenny had a wild impulse to jump into it and stay there .
tr	NNS	The man in charge ordered the drivers to hurry and move all the material inside as fast as possible .
tr	NNS	The Leopard will make two more ghosts .
tr	NNS	You sent those creeps after us .
tr	NN	This species was at an uneasy peace with Earth , yet unlike other peoples before them , understood logic .
tr	NNS	What if you get poisoned again ? "
tr	NN	Cade sensed the silent questioning .
tr	NN	She probably hadn 't anticipated the enormous scowl on Travis 's handsome , unsmiling face .
tr	NN	Out of the corner of his eye he noticed a curl of blue smoke coming from the mouth of the ' telephone ' .
tr	NN	Jesse 's tone gave me the equivalent of a nudge .
tr	NNS	I stop at a few more random shops , eyeing this or that shiny bauble .
tr	NNS	She brushed her thumbs over them again and again until they puckered tight .
tr	NNS	Only Jordan and Erin had plates .
tr	NNS	The group noisily turned pages .
tr	NN	Jordan scratched his beard with one hand .
tr	NN	Peter heard a horn as if inside his ear .
tr	NN	A few minutes later , she approached the sailboat .
tr	NNS	" I saw some big dinosaurs and I worked with a champion and it was so cool . "
tr	NN	Your fort here will give us all the protection we 're likely to need .
tr	NN	It played havoc with his ability to measure her strength against his own because hers kept sliding .
tr	NNS	She extinguished all the lamps , then lit the lighter and went back to the sarcophagus .
tr	NNS	Dunk heard footfalls on the steps , the scrape of boots on stone . "
tr	NNS	He poured the seeds into his hand .
tr	NNS	By breakfast , I was exploding cups and saucers without thought .
tr	NN	Back under the car I started cutting the tube , it easily penetrated the plastic .
tr	NNS	With a flourish , he turned over his cards as well .
tr	NNS	While Izzy showered , Gabe pulled out two steaks from the freezer , defrosted them , and soon had them cooking on his Thermador indoor grill .
tr	NN	" I 'm not tearing down that complex .
tr	NN	Simon twirled his towel into a rope and hit Neil on the seat of his trousers .
tr	NNS	They examined the ruts in the yard .
tr	NNS	He would take his compass out of his pocket and check his directions .
tr	NNS	In fact , Leona wrote up all the reports .
tr	NN	In any other situation , he 'd have respected his brother 's loyalty to Sabrina 's safety .
tr	NNS	Aedan had cut ties with his family .
tr	NN	You didn 't give me a time frame . "
tr	NN	Will had a sudden urge to see more of the jungle .
tr	NN	Supposing gravity developed a personality ?
tr	NNS	" I will endure no tricks . "
tr	NNS	They ate thick steaks flavored with sauce and mushrooms .
tr	NN	It had little effect on the Professor .
tr	NN	It made him a wildly successful lawyer .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not painting your toenails . "
tr	NNS	In less than thirty seconds he had the two wires from the ignition reversed , and the loose end where it needed to go .
tr	NN	He ripped the cardboard padding off his small safe , skimmed the directions and warnings , and pushed everything else aside to get his bag .
tr	NN	They maintained their innocent shine and infant wonder that he longed to find again in his own .
tr	NNS	I have a few hundred bucks in my checking account . "
tr	NN	" This must have cost a fortune . "
tr	NNS	Rosie set the plates of food on the table and poured two hot cups of coffee .
tr	NN	Isaac caught a glimpse of a woman through the railing of a winding staircase .
tr	NNS	He has designs on you .
tr	NNS	And she , who ran the research of the Elects and worked alongside Nihil for several years , knows his capabilities better than anybody else .
tr	NNS	" Extreme classes ? "
tr	NN	" What the fuck is Dragos up to ? "
tr	NN	" I can hold my liquor . "
tr	NNS	They had brought a few buckets of water from the river and cleaned up the floor and the walls .
tr	NNS	I 'm not justifying your dad 's actions .
tr	NNS	After it was gobbled up , they did the dishes together and went out for a walk .
tr	NNS	He eyed the twins , who 'd done such a halfhearted job keeping Kenny safe in the pocket .
tr	NN	He had a prickling at the back of his neck that he had felt more than once ; this could be a trap .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples and watched the light on my ceiling dance as the heater blew the drapes .
tr	NN	When he slid behind the driver 's seat , he handed her a body armor vest he 'd pulled out of the cargo space .
tr	NNS	Did you see their fangs ?
tr	NNS	She followed the tracks deeper into the dark forest .
tr	NN	He has no other good treasure but he does have a wizard hat with stars on it .
tr	NN	Would he view the pregnancy as " mission accomplished " and lose interest in their lovemaking ?
tr	NNS	The way they stuck their noses up at the commoners .
tr	NNS	" Have you got your class assignments yet ? "
tr	NNS	He was fixing to stack up the blue chips on the table , he was holding all the cards .
tr	NN	The larger eye had a fleshy lid that opened and closed , while the smaller one perpetually stared .
tr	NN	Mara asked her daily how she was doing .
tr	NN	No matter the harm to himself .
tr	NN	Skyler gave a little derisive snort .
tr	NNS	" I have trusted connections to get us the helicopter , but expanding our team is a no , they would sell us out . "
tr	NN	The officer adjusted his bullet-proof vest and brought his pistol up in the traditional Weaver 's stance as he slowly moved toward the open door .
tr	NN	" They used some serious hardware out there .
tr	NNS	Xavier successfully destroyed three ships in a matter of seconds .
tr	NN	His hand finds my hip and he grips it tightly , sending heat through my body .
tr	NNS	He wore layers of silken kimono in autumn colors and patterns , very full white trousers , and a pair of curved swords .
tr	NNS	I press the palms of my hands to my eyes and blink .
tr	NN	But they left the katana in the column - a visible sign to others in the House who might be stupid enough to try V .
tr	NN	I wrapped the towel around myself and went to my room to dress .
tr	NN	I watched the video , trying to place where the camera was in the room .
tr	NN	Charles blew the horn and inched forward as he did .
tr	NNS	The petite cowgirl smacked her cards down on the table and shoved her circular chair out behind her .
tr	NN	Jules had drawn on the CD case an intricate illustration of an antique typewriter with a piece of parchment in its platen .
tr	NNS	Someone has been casting spells on your mind and I 'm not sure as to the purpose or what enchantment or enchantments were used . "
tr	NNS	I 'd bear all the jokes and the smug looks from Colonel Park , who thought I was a stupid girl with overly ambitious dreams .
tr	NN	I 'd put my backpack in the massive room filled with coffins when I arrived a few hours ago .
tr	NNS	Siri avoided the crowds of haggling people at the front , rounding to the back and going in the kitchen entrance .
tr	NNS	The seeds of hatred and his descent into madness began centuries before you were ever born . "
tr	NN	He punched End , then turned back around .
tr	NN	They will take counsel to set themselves against you and me .
tr	NNS	" It is not making excuses to explain that fact , and it is not cowardice to be cautious about a difficult task . "
tr	NN	She couldn 't get her strange behaviour out of her head .
tr	NN	He gave a stroke up to the crown and back .
tr	NNS	He did love Laura , but he wasn 't in love with her .
tr	NNS	I 'd tenderize his insides until he pissed blood for a month .
tr	NN	The people who got you gave you quite a lump on your head .
tr	NNS	Cassie After dinner , Jack carried all the dishes into the kitchen and loaded them into the washer .
tr	NN	Every muscle in my body winds tight like a knotted rope .
tr	NN	I 'd seen a glimpse of my possible future , but I 'd managed to prevent Jackie 's murder .
tr	NN	" I will make a confession to you now .
tr	NNS	He felt his powers growing as he kissed her cheek , and he quickened his fingers .
tr	NNS	He made small pushing motions with his hands in illustration , and Grey felt a slight lifting of the hairs on the back of his neck .
tr	NN	Jack had briefed the president on the admiral 's background during the flight down from Washington .
tr	NNS	I 'll leave the necessary gaps in its makeup that only we can fill .
tr	NN	I don 't know jack about football . "
tr	NNS	" I won 't give you the diaries , because , as I said , they are gruesome , depressing , and upsetting .
tr	NNS	She removed his boxers impatiently and reveled in the hard excitement that pulsed in her hand .
tr	NN	One of the ancients , one of the most powerful , he had long ago learned patience .
tr	NNS	Everyone held candles and lanterns and there were so many you could trace them all the way to Aurora .
tr	NNS	The bowl in front of the statue had figures intertwined with foliage around its sides and looked vaguely pagan .
tr	NN	" Hey , do me a big favor ?
tr	NN	Nikolas unwrapped the scroll .
tr	NNS	Somebody , somehow , put peanuts in with my baked beans .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to laugh .
tr	NNS	" Good looks and cooking skills . "
tr	NN	" Charley ... Jake put you through hell last semester , never mind that he broke up with you .
tr	NNS	I had two spells in mind that I could perform without physical components , so at least I didn 't have to explain any crystals or herbs .
tr	NN	She slipped my handbag onto my shoulder and smoothed my hair one last time for good measure .
tr	NN	He actually had the container resting on his naked stomach .
tr	NNS	We deploy the teams in less than two . "
tr	NNS	You know Japanese at least better than me .
tr	NNS	As a result I entered the wrong classes , sometimes in the same floor and often in a different floor .
tr	NNS	Pulse hot in my throat I went away from him rubbing the places where he 'd touched , the fingerprints on my arms .
tr	NN	Behind her sat a man and woman in their late forties , and as soon as she saw them , Claire saw the family resemblance .
tr	NN	Vases of lilies on stands around the church let off a heady fragrance mingled with the smell of old wood .
tr	NN	Sara took a champagne flute from the uniformed waiter that walked by .
tr	NNS	And yet we have the balls to insist that we 're her family . "
tr	NN	He dropped the fork and threw his arms up in the air " THAT 'S WHAT I SAID ! "
tr	NNS	Both attorneys left the judge 's chambers quietly .
tr	NN	Mariah felt the effect of that smile all the way on the second floor .
tr	NN	I get the distinct impression that I better not disobey her .
tr	NN	He retrieved Tammy 's missing shoe placing it on her desk with both hands like the laying of a wreath on a fallen serviceman 's open grave .
tr	NN	Mike was honking the horn of the car so they headed back , hand in hand and a silent bond between them .
tr	NN	Now I had ironclad proof that this case had something to do with my mother 's .
tr	NNS	In the store room , the crew donned protective suits and helmets and checked each other 's seals .
tr	NNS	I throw the covers off and stand up , then pull my dress down .
tr	NN	I 've cued the tape to the part we wanted you two to hear . "
tr	NNS	Give some examples . "
tr	NNS	I don 't have any rights .
tr	NNS	He undid several knots and released the mainsail .
tr	NNS	Andrew makes the travel arrangements and despite my protests , Gabriel insists on cooking the meal for the party afterwards .
tr	NNS	She doubted her own abilities .
tr	NNS	" We 've kil ed so many students on this campus .
tr	NN	She added a package of crackers , hoping she could somehow make amends as she scooped out a bowl of soothing chicken soup .
tr	NNS	People didn 't have their addresses tattooed onto their forearms , so determining their location wasn 't always easy .
tr	NN	A man in a maroon T-shirt lay facedown in the doorway .
tr	NN	I pull the curtain back and there is definitely a towel there .
tr	NN	He kept digging until he 'd chipped a hole about six inches deep .
tr	NN	Ray surrendered the package .
tr	NN	The ground was packed dirt and rotten asphalt with a thin layer of pine needles spread about that made the path slightly slippery when it angled downhill .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , she is taking no chances .
tr	NN	It was about out thinking your opponent ; about watching them ; about finding their weakness .
tr	NNS	I imagined their reactions if they had known the truth and I was further distanced .
tr	NN	She stifled a delighted moan .
tr	NN	" Yes , " Franklin nodded and added , " I also received the cover mock up from Amy .
tr	NNS	They walked resolutely through the rain , their navy blue suits perfectly ironed against their bodies , their hair combed back neatly .
tr	NN	In other words , the principle of karma provides the framework for Hindu ethics .
tr	NN	A short while later , his team regained possession of the ball .
tr	NNS	Even if they managed to defeat this invasion force , he had his doubts about fighting the enemy on their own soil .
tr	NN	Knowing ahead of time would only lessen the effect .
tr	NN	" You don 't control your punishment , Emma .
tr	NN	Venus Brass nodded affirmation .
tr	NNS	Katie offered her two cents also , but I already knew where she stood with the whole thing .
tr	NN	3 Catherine Goodwin adjusted the clasp of her antique brooch as she pinned it to the neckline of her silk blouse .
tr	NN	Joshua passed another statue .
tr	NN	" I 'm just tired , " I faked a yawn before nuzzling myself deeper into his arms .
tr	NN	Emma set her fork down , astonished at his audacity .
tr	NN	At work , instead of categorizing numbers , she surfed the net and took lots of bathroom breaks .
tr	NNS	Authorities urge citizens to remain indoors with all entrances secured until further notice . "
tr	NN	But before I could tell them about it , I heard a luscious ripple of laughter from the opening door .
tr	NN	She had little patience for donors who threw their weight around .
tr	NNS	Out on the plains they 'd be sitting ducks against a more powerful foe .
tr	NN	Holder squeezes my thigh and I grin , knowing exactly what kind of thoughts I just put into his head .
tr	NN	I couldn 't refuse that pout , those eyes .
tr	NN	Serena raises her trident , and the wolf stops just short , snarling .
tr	NN	" I don 't have a security detail ! "
tr	NN	He brings me a hot cocoa from the concession stand because it 's so chilly .
tr	NN	She quickly raised her rifle , centering the barrel between my eyes .
tr	NNS	" Nope , that 's only for hand washing dishes .
tr	NNS	" No rescue operations ? "
tr	NNS	Most psychotic killers and rapists have Facebook pages ... that 's how they get you .
tr	NNS	In the hallway that separated the living area from the bedrooms , she flattened her palms against the wall and leaned back against it .
tr	NN	And I saw a medallion under Kiernan 's shirt - " I stopped as Connor and Katherine simultaneously drew in sharp , startled breaths .
tr	NN	Remember , right now only you have the privilege of my company . "
tr	NNS	She 'd never had any complaints , but the new gardener , who 'd started about four months ago , was exceptional .
tr	NNS	Momentarily confused , she immediately ceases her graceful actions , utilizing more instinctual mannerisms to search for her father .
tr	NN	She put the pen she was holding up to her face .
tr	NN	Ned put down his fork .
tr	NN	The Mera have no true god , only rocks and sticks they scratch themselves with and then pray to .
tr	NN	Damn , he couldn 't help grinning , too .
tr	NN	She scratched the bay mare delicately beneath the jaw .
tr	NN	" Ask anybody . "
tr	NN	" I know honey ; I was just going to drop you off in the alley behind the apartments .
tr	NNS	The hot water cascades over my breasts , down my stomach , and tickles the small patch of hair between my thighs .
tr	NN	They had a code for how to evaluate each man on the fly , and make it look like they had a full record .
tr	NN	" Have you cleaned out the grease trap yet ? "
tr	NNS	She immediately spread her thighs for the sweet slide of his fingers into her .
tr	NN	" You researched an article about underwear ? "
tr	NN	I shifted my body language like I was being bossy , puffed out my chest , clicked my tongue and told her to ' trot ' .
tr	NNS	He was taking no chances on losing her .
tr	NN	The prison barber scraped off Dan 's moustache and then cropped his hair to the regulation one inch length .
tr	NN	He like the comparison because it was exactly who she was .
tr	NNS	And non-negotiable terms at that . '
tr	NNS	" They could each have one hundred gold coins on them .
tr	NN	Did you swallow a frog ?
tr	NN	" Okay , I can understand and accept that , " I said a little sarcastically .
tr	NN	I never admired this quality until I saw Jamie die .
tr	NNS	He 's been there ever since , doing chores and now riding . "
tr	NNS	The two men switched positions .
tr	NN	" Replace the furniture with trees .
tr	NN	I never did have an encounter with him that didn 't leave me feeling shaken and violated .
tr	NN	She gathered her tattered resistance and backed away .
tr	NNS	I can call the paramedics . "
tr	NN	I did not have nearly the talent .
tr	NNS	I didn 't hear any complaints about me stealing someone 's room .
tr	NNS	I want a million dollars . "
tr	NN	" You had a very traumatic and serious operation .
tr	NNS	But , after all the abuse that it had taken over the years , few people ever actually noticed that individual 's efforts .
tr	NN	Her expression exposed the piercing torment within as the light reached its climax and then folded inward .
tr	NNS	He 'd pulled his slacks on by then .
tr	NN	A tingling sense of familiarity spilled down her spine .
tr	NN	Someone grabbed a handful of his coat and lifted him bodily out of the muck .
tr	NN	Agent Barrera pulled a pencil and pad from inside his jacket , all PDAs and cell phones having been checked in before they entered the vault .
tr	NNS	The Head Thief claimed 13 victims before he stopped .
tr	NNS	As the wind began to ease , Auron felt water drops on his back and the light of the sun on the horizon had disappeared .
tr	NNS	I forgot the pies . "
tr	NN	The annoyed snarl in my voice didn 't even make her flinch .
tr	NNS	People had their suspicions about William 's death .
tr	NNS	He draws two needles of blood , putting each in a vial which one of the doctors connects to the plastic tubes .
tr	NN	Lucian didn 't realize the extent to which he was tied to his twin .
tr	NNS	" A vacation violates the terms of the will . "
tr	NN	Cyrus attended the funeral and insisted on going to the graveside service as well .
tr	NN	I heard the crunch of approaching footsteps , and then I saw Jesse and Shannon approaching from the southwest .
tr	NN	The six of them had completed their task with resolve and determination .
tr	NNS	They made no efforts to contact me either .
tr	NN	Tabitha gripped her pen until her knuckles were white , struggling to hold her temper .
tr	NN	He didn 't understand the compulsion , but before he realized what he was doing , he pulled out the photo .
tr	NNS	He was standing only inches from my face .
tr	NNS	I slam my palms into his chest and shove , but he barely moves .
tr	NNS	" I bought some gnomes at the flea market .
tr	NN	They had very limited intelligence and it was of the utmost importance to find out anything they could about the enemy and their mode of operation .
tr	NNS	From time to time they would trade the cameras back and forth for one purpose or another .
tr	NN	" I rang up that witch of yours last night when I received my orders from your father .
tr	NN	" All right , I 'm just checkin ' tae see if the reef 's still open here tae sail in . "
tr	NN	Each had an access code that they keyed into a keypad on the door .
tr	NN	" You have a destiny , my son . "
tr	NNS	I massaged my temples , willing myself to push the encounter out of my mind , for now .
tr	NNS	After disrobing , he dropped the Quinn Azure slacks and shirt in the dirty clothes hamper .
tr	NN	And with that the Angel switched the film on .
tr	NN	He beamed goodwill at us .
tr	NNS	He was holding up seven first-place ribbons to show the camera .
tr	NNS	Then he would erase his tracks and disappear into the south seas .
tr	NN	" Why does the king not draw his own bath , or cook his own food ?
tr	NNS	Did she not see his fangs ?
tr	NNS	I haven 't heard any reports of monstrous incarnations of evil rampaging across the land . "
tr	NNS	King keeps items ordered by numbers and grouped by their powers or function .
tr	NN	She took the soap and started lathering up his chest .
tr	NN	" Sit down , honey . "
tr	NN	" Surely the vampires would respect our privacy . "
tr	NNS	" I can see the movie rights selling now ! "
tr	NN	She could feel the lust emanating from him in waves as he began to pound at her , slamming himself into her .
tr	NN	" I 've got a hunch .
tr	NN	He was walking a block behind me .
tr	NN	Catherine watched the natural spectacle taking its course in front of their eyes .
tr	NN	Most men would not stay faithful .
tr	NNS	She threw the coins out .
tr	NN	He was only doing his duty .
tr	NN	They hit the craft and it staggered then stopped .
tr	NN	She opened the refrigerator and took out a small carton of cream ; standing there with the door still open , she added it to her coffee .
tr	NNS	I tried millions of different hairstyles and never could get it right .
tr	NNS	She had three fresh beers under one arm and handed them out .
tr	NN	I have the utmost respect for them for understanding that being human is about being truly present with one another .
tr	NN	Instead , he closed the lid on the toilet , sat down , and dropped the box between his feet .
tr	NNS	They walked the four blocks in silence .
tr	NNS	Soon after , she delivered our plates , along with fresh bread .
tr	NNS	" Everyone has issues .
tr	NN	" Why the fish ? "
tr	NN	We floated up the same spiral staircase as before .
tr	NN	They , " he motioned to the tech sergeants , " don 't touch my aircraft without my permission , understand ? "
tr	NNS	We labeled our special members after our favorite vegetables .
tr	NNS	The shots would have warned the targets of his approach .
tr	NN	A trickle of sweat slid down his temple .
tr	NNS	He also expressed his apologies .
tr	NN	They spied out the tower block to the south .
tr	NNS	I 've got meetings scheduled in Albany and I won 't be back until later . "
tr	NNS	" I design ladies undergarments . "
tr	NNS	And sometimes , so did your wits .
tr	NN	Say hey , Moby . "
tr	NNS	I just find old frames and put clear lenses in them because I like wearing them . "
tr	NNS	He was taking no chances with this .
tr	NNS	Guilt twisted my insides .
tr	NNS	In effect they had no serial numbers which they felt confused USAC .
tr	NN	We walked up the ramp and reached the door to the Care Center and Assisted Living .
tr	NN	Last I knew , I was seeing a dragon on my ceiling .
tr	NNS	Zane threw the covers over him .
tr	NN	Stephan let out a loud whoop , thumping me on the back again repeatedly .
tr	NN	He wrapped a towel around his midriff .
tr	NN	" I was promised a birthday cake . "
tr	NN	" I have a responsibility to protect humans every minute of every day , but I don 't think you 're a demon or a monster .
tr	NNS	He heard snarls come from his throat and her answering cries .
tr	NNS	On the second evening , Dave and Mary opened their hearts to each other .
tr	NN	He 'd been working construction in Louisiana and even though the jobs paid decent wages they had been dangerous .
tr	NN	She pulled the sun visor down and a pair of keys dropped into her lap .
tr	NN	After she scrubbed her face and hands , Eve turned the ignition .
tr	NN	She quickly changed the topic .
tr	NNS	I asked slyly and posed for the camera .
tr	NNS	I saw their tracks this morning and I don 't want them getting inside . "
tr	NNS	A number of them have had babies .
tr	NN	If I wanted to hear singing , I 'd get a CD .
tr	NNS	Her smile sent fires through him .
tr	NNS	As we took our seats at the bar , the bartender set down some napkins and leaned on the bar in front of me .
tr	NNS	Exiting the darkness , we continued down the long corridors , turning when necessary , and generally taking the same route we had walked earlier .
tr	NN	" We finished the audio recovery on that hissing noise .
tr	NN	I had the urge to say something else , but held it down .
tr	NN	" Which one of us has a magic horn ? "
tr	NN	Who has some ale ?
tr	NNS	He watched the numbers and slowed before he got to the Oliver place .
tr	NN	Prentice assumed a distinct military persona .
tr	NN	Why would you risk mating with a Lupine half Fae you 'd never even met ? "
tr	NN	When she didn 't even recognize me , it just twisted the dagger I already felt in my heart .
tr	NNS	" The OSI lifted fingerprints from your backpack to get an ID on you .
tr	NNS	Today , she wore tan slacks and a brown shirt , and she 'd been letting her hair grow a bit longer .
tr	NNS	Ken sampled the beers and Chris sampled the chocolate and enjoyed a late lunch of cheese fondue and Rhine wine .
tr	NNS	Perhaps she should have taken more heed of that warning .
tr	NNS	He gripped her thighs and held her in place as he continued to lap at her .
tr	NN	As she ran Amy felt that pain nagging at her , like a stitch in a lower place .
tr	NN	She perched on top of the desk next to Evan 's , her Song Squad skirt swishing against her tanned thighs .
tr	NN	She could feel his scowl and assumed it was as such , considering the force with which he put the spoonful of pasta towards her face .
tr	NN	Acheron retrieved his black suede backpack , which was decorated with an anarchy logo from the street .
tr	NNS	And neither do the billions of lives you 're going to destroy .
tr	NN	But now ... I mean , you immediately took the knight in shining armor role away from me ! "
tr	NNS	Dean brushed crumbs from his t-shirt .
tr	NN	When he was done , he held the soap out to her .
tr	NN	Heck , I probably even hate a good handful of them , but I am loyal to Derek and Sofia .
tr	NNS	The smell of the dye alone offended my senses now .
tr	NNS	I avoid arguments . "
tr	NNS	Leo heard murmurs from the crew about island tombs and curses .
tr	NN	She taught me about the trees and told me the chant to keep the demons at bay .
tr	NNS	Her body was undergoing drastic changes .
tr	NNS	Pride had prompted her actions in the beginning .
tr	NNS	These brothers of hers would offer him humble apologies and request the privilege of working with him .
tr	NNS	" Our local historical society maintains the plots .
tr	NN	I examined the napkin again , noting that it was folded twice over into a narrow band suitable for wrapping and tying .
tr	NNS	" You will hide your markings like this from now on . "
tr	NN	" I have a huge favor to ask . "
tr	NNS	I brush the trimmed hairs from my shoulders and neck and sweep them into the wastebasket .
tr	NNS	At that soft , sensual sound , he halted his caress , lifting his gaze to her face .
tr	NN	Lucky 's voice interrupted my reverie and she grabbed my hand .
tr	NN	' You don 't have this pressing urge to run outside and stick your head in a water butt ? '
tr	NNS	I peeled his hides back and my present was instantly revealed .
tr	NN	The clear morning gave no heed to the horrific night she had just endured .
tr	NN	His breath on her neck made her muscles clench in anticipation .
tr	NN	" What about my clothing and jewelry ? "
tr	NN	" The big brawny cowboy can ride a bull but can 't dance ? "
tr	NNS	" No Phil , apart from the occasional sing song noises . "
tr	NNS	Kane tilted his head left , then right , then took a few paces forward .
tr	NNS	He scanned their surroundings continually .
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths before he finally winced and vainly tried to shoo the smells away .
tr	NNS	I 'd sweep floors if Ihad to .
tr	NNS	" We 've had some reports of missing hikers .
tr	NNS	He threw several changes of clothes and underwear into the remaining suitcase and closed the lid .
tr	NNS	I smell cigarettes and mint .
tr	NN	" She 's having a seizure !
tr	NNS	He then stuffed their coats and shoes into the third bag and closed it , checking its seal a few times before moving on .
tr	NNS	And many lone vampires would rather join ranks with a coven of her caliber anyway . "
tr	NN	" I don 't need confession after all . "
tr	NNS	She kicked backwards and sent him on his way .
tr	NN	" You ... " Straightening Shay impatiently brushed away the handful of curls that had strayed from her braid .
tr	NNS	William hit two birds with one stone .
tr	NNS	Or how about the Emerald Mountains ?
tr	NNS	Our father was a devious and insane man , and God help us , we inherited our bits of insanity from him .
tr	NNS	From what I saw in your city you don 't need servants anymore .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers over his arms so it wouldn 't be obvious he was now free .
tr	NN	I sneak a peek at him .
tr	NN	Daniel pinched her cl * t with his nails , and the pain was instant as was her arousal .
tr	NNS	Little people were performing tricks and magic that brought people into laughter with their silly faces and stuffs .
tr	NN	I threw a pillow at her .
tr	NN	The horse gave a sort of delighted shudder , bunched himself , and ran for the hilltop as hard as he could .
tr	NNS	Yet even this required more adjustments .
tr	NNS	We made up silly scenarios of swamp life all the way back to his mom 's restaurant where we ate and exchanged cars with his dad .
tr	NNS	Winkler ordered two stacks of pancakes with extra bacon and sausage .
tr	NN	" Paulie Cermak punched Seth Tate 's opponent in the face . "
tr	NN	" How about another glass so I can share the celebration ? "
tr	NNS	" We can 't test Rags .
tr	NNS	I lift my mattress and place her beneath it before following my roommates to breakfast .
tr	NN	I grab my briefcase from the table .
tr	NNS	They clashed blades and pushed each other .
tr	NN	Maybe a rope , or an arrow . "
tr	NN	A white floral racerback tank completed the outfit .
tr	NN	It had given them resolve and a need to exact revenge .
tr	NNS	I flip through the pages , unable to tell if it 's a romance or not .
tr	NNS	She could see deep dents the size of quarters all over the body .
tr	NN	Carol bolted off the sofa and hurried back into the bedroom .
tr	NNS	" The carnival sure is bringing out the folks , eh .
tr	NN	Percy stroked his beard .
tr	NN	He aims his rifle at Ben .
tr	NNS	Once they 'd gotten into the house , they 'd abandoned all attempts at silence .
tr	NN	Jonas lifted his pistol in a smooth , sure motion .
tr	NN	He made Skyler a believer without any hidden compulsion .
tr	NN	" Oi , find another pillow . "
tr	NNS	Owns half the auto shops in California . "
tr	NN	" We mean no harm to you . "
tr	NN	Chapter 17 # 1 Overcome your worst fear Callie " Have you heard anything from him ? "
tr	NNS	Lyssa followed the trail 's steep rises and falls .
tr	NN	His hazel eyes held a firm resolve that encouraged me to be strong .
tr	NN	He had a very strong handshake , bluest eyes and he was calm headed as well .
tr	NNS	The Firm encourages babies .
tr	NN	Carol checked the caller ID , and jotted down the previous incoming number .
tr	NN	" You had his manuscript !
tr	NNS	Go find pockets to pick somewhere else ! "
tr	NN	Oliver pulled a wad of cash from his pocket .
tr	NNS	" Go get the twins .
tr	NNS	As he led her across the rooftop and out of the frigid wind , she thanked the gods that Erik had been there to save her .
tr	NN	He couldn 't resist the urge to follow the scent , no matter what was at its source .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't like cats .
tr	NN	I 'm losing consciousness .
tr	NNS	Those last two words still gave her butterflies .
tr	NNS	You touch their hearts and their souls with what you do and who you are .
tr	NN	Whatever it was brought a sad melancholy to his eyes .
tr	NN	From the guffaws , to the fake wolf whistles , to the sheer disbelief , everybody had their own version of events .
tr	NN	It was so intimate it seemed wrong -- it was worse than looking into his mind , she could feel his sorrow deep in his soul .
tr	NN	" Your language ! "
tr	NNS	Oh , bloody hell , she was not furtively grazing those sensitive breasts of hers .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the sound of water trickling nearby filled her senses .
tr	NNS	That I argued with my father over broken Easter presents from years gone by , lost opportunities and destroyed moments .
tr	NN	I considered his proposal .
tr	NN	She made a soft moan , then , that had him throbbing dangerously in his jeans .
tr	NN	I take full responsibility . "
tr	NNS	I watched his actions closely .
tr	NNS	But you would not use man 's roads or the railways .
tr	NNS	He usually kept his personal remarks to a minimum .
tr	NN	He used his fingertip to trace the satiny skin covering her ribs .
tr	NN	Bash replaced the receiver and headed back to the sofa .
tr	NNS	" Pay attention to everything that 's happening around you , watch people 's reactions .
tr	NN	" I got an admission in a college there for my Masters .
tr	NN	Benjamin taught finance at a small college in Texas .
tr	NN	Perhaps just give them a little lesson in manners . "
tr	NN	" Live fish ! "
tr	NN	I knew another dummy once before .
tr	NN	She still had not heard any admission from his own mouth .
tr	NNS	She could almost feel the daggers .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you give me the numbers while you grab some coffee ?
tr	NNS	Jimmy dug his fingernails into the rocket 's steering wheel and turned his head to stare at her .
tr	NNS	" Tired give you those whisker burns on your cheeks ? "
tr	NN	Pain split my consciousness .
tr	NN	He coils a strand of my hair around his finger .
tr	NNS	I can find no errors .
tr	NNS	They 'd both lost all inhibitions , thrown everything they had into their lovemaking .
tr	NN	For in saying them she was broaching a psychological threshold : that she and Finn could be a couple , or at least soon might be .
tr	NN	" It 's got a tune .
tr	NNS	And ... and he requires , requests , relishes , ah , your help -- the steward 's help !
tr	NN	Desperation rippled up her spine .
tr	NN	" Today begins a new era .
tr	NNS	She does make pretty awesome meat pies .
tr	NNS	In the two machines I put money in , I won two thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	I love these opportunities .
tr	NNS	He 'd enjoyed the rides and the adrenaline rush and wanted more .
tr	NNS	Lo blinks and blinks again .
tr	NN	In fact , I never told anybody this before .
tr	NN	She turned to face it , one shoe in each hand .
tr	NNS	And ten empty wrappers .
tr	NNS	Other Browns had set up armed stations on top of the pallets to keep watch for sharks .
tr	NNS	Grady was confirming her worst fears .
tr	NN	Jacques ' head snapped up , a black fury smoldering in his eyes as he tracked them .
tr	NN	Then I remembered Cruz ' abs .
tr	NN	I have felt your body thrumming with magic and power , your nakedness inside my body . "
tr	NNS	I saw students sitting in groups on the floor outside the gym as I walked from class , and they seemed perfectly happy .
tr	NN	He tugged a strand of her hair .
tr	NNS	Her gaze circled her surroundings .
tr	NNS	The two friends unfolded the pages and found the answer to the water problem laid out in orderly splendor .
tr	NNS	' We also must buy supplies somewhere ; the fish will only last a couple of days . '
tr	NNS	Your mind is playing tricks on you because you are allowing yourself to panic .
tr	NN	She had used her resemblance to his beloved to trick him , to try to murder him .
tr	NNS	The tall creature had sharp scales and massive , scaly wings that could barely be seen .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't have powers anymore . "
tr	NN	And the thought of how much it would cost simply to fill the gas tank gave her a sinking sensation in the pit of her stomach .
tr	NNS	Holly bared her fangs at him .
tr	NNS	Her fingers slid delicately over his rough jaw and to his lips .
tr	NN	In some perverted way , he had enjoyed the chase .
tr	NN	I modeled my outfit .
tr	NN	With time ticking they left Little Spirit to change into their stage wear .
tr	NNS	And we would scare poor Daphne .
tr	NNS	" So , where did you get the gold coins from then ? "
tr	NN	So , the Convention 's first order of business concerns the economy .
tr	NNS	She ran her palms along her arms , aware of the way her skin had resisted the rising sun .
tr	NNS	Behold the modern wonders of science !
tr	NN	But Wil hesitated , another lesson of the road .
tr	NNS	She had not seen gas chambers -- only cruelty , hard labour , starvation , and death .
tr	NN	' You have fake ID that makes you younger ? '
tr	NNS	You only named the chores that women usually do on shore .
tr	NNS	I vary her drivers , vary her routes , sometimes we stay out of the city altogether . "
tr	NNS	I found the pages I was looking for quickly .
tr	NNS	I don 't date my clients . "
tr	NNS	Even his jock friends were covering their mouths and trying hard not to laugh .
tr	NN	Some of them had reached an almost unbelievable altitude .
tr	NNS	He mirrored her movements , using techniques he 'd no doubt gleaned from the last management seminar he 'd attended .
tr	NN	He saw the reluctance in her eyes .
tr	NN	as he rushed down the staircase .
tr	NN	Move your freight " Allen set about making the litter ; Thomas and Jamie went together to the main hall and the infirmary .
tr	NNS	For all his thirst and hunger , Ezio feared drugs that might weaken him , render him powerless when the moment came .
tr	NN	He whipped the Jackson Industries pistol from his holster and leveled it at Bloor .
tr	NN	He had grabbed half a dozen fully loaded magazines and shoved those into his pockets as well .
tr	NNS	Otherwise , she 'll give us nightmares . "
tr	NNS	I got fishing rights off that back cove -- been pulling traps there for the past twenty years .
tr	NN	" You believe this garbage ? "
tr	NNS	While she showered , he put marinated steaks on the outdoor grill .
tr	NNS	With an effort , he forced his hunger into submission , felt his fangs retract , the red fade from his eyes .
tr	NNS	' I 've got your fingerprints all up my arm ! '
tr	NNS	" I love babies ! "
tr	NN	PART FOUR The Fall of Alfred Kropp 49 We laid Mike on the sofa in the cabin 's main room .
tr	NNS	Inside the drawer he found four stacks of bills , from 20 's to singles .
tr	NN	Perhaps she needed a specific task .
tr	NN	It had an antique style to it .
tr	NNS	Al the Instructors at the Covenant had praised my abilities in the training sessions .
tr	NN	Had one of her new ' friends ' left the fake eyeball and the weird answering machine messages ?
tr	NN	" Give me the damn brew . "
tr	NN	" And can you calm the fuck down ?
tr	NN	That thought made her ache for him .
tr	NN	I felt their grief .
tr	NNS	James recovered his wits quickly and staggered to his feet .
tr	NN	They haven 't an inkling of what really happened . "
tr	NNS	The lab had not been hosting any classes that morning , and so was free for Toby to work in .
tr	NN	But I ate the cake anyway .
tr	NNS	" I made lamps .
tr	NNS	Like he should teach classes .
tr	NN	He held the receiver to his ear and waited , but there was no answer .
tr	NNS	I chose some big silver hoops for my ears and the necklace that Kiran gave me in Geneva .
tr	NN	We took an attorney with us to draw up the papers for this asshole to sign off any rights to Tim .
tr	NNS	" Well , that will give you time to make up with Brett , " Jeanette said slyly .
tr	NNS	" Root vegetables ? "
tr	NN	Cameron found her indignation about the way they took advantage of him amusing .
tr	NN	He just admitted the possibility that my sister may already be dead .
tr	NN	Griffin unfolded his tall frame from the deck chair and stretched .
tr	NN	" Out here you need protection .
tr	NN	It could withstand a nuclear blast .
tr	NN	I have a hair appointment . "
tr	NNS	The aristocracy 's got their talons in deep there .
tr	NNS	" You collect cowboys , huh ? "
tr	NNS	Both boys had pets , Martian critters that struck him as horrid : praying mantis types of bugs , as large as donkeys .
tr	NN	" I saw our healers patch up better than two hundred Marat and at least as many of their beasts , Aric .
tr	NN	I could see the light rain splashing on the sidewalk when Evan walked out the door .
tr	NN	The sasquatch suddenly heard the soft patter of many running bare feet .
tr	NNS	They could be following multiple leads , and her disappearance could be the very thing to draw their attention here . "
tr	NN	I 've done a thorough evaluation on him and he 's fine .
tr	NNS	Despite his words , I cannot resign my fears .
tr	NN	You have exceeded my every expectation .
tr	NN	At the door he grabbed a cloth cap of similar material and picked up a wooden walking stick .
tr	NN	As much as Claire felt herself loving Eli , she also felt obligation to Wesley .
tr	NN	She drank the sweet liquid until it was all gone .
tr	NNS	He gripped the globes of my bottom and drew me closer .
tr	NN	Might as well do the furniture too , for he had taken over the existing furniture when he bought the home .
tr	NN	Bryan 's cameras had recorded the whole incident anyway .
tr	NNS	Here lie the two greatest examples I could ask for .
tr	NN	Eddie drummed a pencil against the table as he pondered this .
tr	NN	" If he is behind this , then he must stand trial . "
tr	NN	For months they moved hungrily and sluggishly on the river , which led to the sea and then to the pacific .
tr	NN	You could always feel the cooling breeze .
tr	NNS	I would burn the houses of Allen 's competitors that wouldn 't cooperate . "
tr	NN	" Your own nephew ?
tr	NNS	She wore sandals and sunglasses .
tr	NN	Odd took the leftover fish and pushed it into a drift of snow , to keep it fresh , as his mother had taught him .
tr	NN	" Well ... " Melissa loudly laid down her fork .
tr	NNS	We meet no other servants on the way .
tr	NNS	I walked several empty hallways just to be defiant .
tr	NN	Rachel savored the rich aroma .
tr	NNS	Riley fired off two shots , but Mayer was already pushing through the door to the stairwell .
tr	NN	She left the backpack and knelt in front of Hannah again .
tr	NN	I have one more task for you .
tr	NN	I gave her a jar of NIL , by the way . "
tr	NN	Most people would call this Gothic Revival style , as it even had gargoyles on the roof .
tr	NNS	None of it made sense -- if they were not real , who was cooking her meals ?
tr	NN	He 's always had a very serious demeanor .
tr	NN	Many a night I passed unconsciously bleeding , and many an unjust injury did I inflict upon innocent men .
tr	NN	About Wyatt 's height and build , wearing black clothing , moving in silent steps .
tr	NN	He ignored the command , as I 'd assumed he would , and fired again .
tr	NNS	She had pale rosy pink nipples -- the sure sign of a girl who had never been pregnant .
tr	NN	Once I had a good grip , I grabbed the rope that opened the gate and got ready to pull it .
tr	NNS	The large outcropping that masked the entrance to the superstructure loomed a hundred yards ahead .
tr	NNS	He has regular blood deliveries . "
tr	NNS	I also learned their methods , so I could anticipate them .
tr	NNS	' I like dogs .
tr	NN	Bax tapped his temple as though struck by an errant recollection .
tr	NN	The children are going sightseeing with Charlie , Jeff and Sarah while Andrew and I attend the board meeting .
tr	NN	You want my advice ?
tr	NNS	Russell asked his companions .
tr	NN	Silas lifted the lid .
tr	NNS	" So don 't get any expectations . "
tr	NNS	Manuel had handled all their finances and brought home a new car for her almost every year .
tr	NN	Jason had assumed command over the entire operation , including Sanctuary .
tr	NN	A senior watches the babe and teaches the child .
tr	NNS	He 'd had meetings with Marie before , and they were only ever held in the cemetery 's underbelly , right below where her empty grave was .
tr	NNS	He 'd swallowed both doses of Lissa 's blood and had perhaps an hour to search her out while his army worked to contain the others .
tr	NNS	Looked like him , acted like him , had all the same interests .
tr	NNS	Of course we can take breaks .
tr	NNS	They would examine each other 's solutions looking for puns or references that might be beyond the ordinary punter .
tr	NNS	She smoked two packs a day for about twenty-three years .
tr	NN	Hang on ... hang on ... Black pain ... blinding ... She was losing consciousness .
tr	NNS	Cuthbert and a couple of dozen of our skirmishers exchanged shots with the enemy archers and also fired at the mass of men bearing down upon us .
tr	NNS	Finally , with the last vestiges of day a memory they scrambled high atop a narrow ledge just a few yards across .
tr	NNS	She has good instincts , much better than mine .
tr	NNS	Connor had probably mastered blocks for all the abilities , like he had with mine .
tr	NNS	Curious , she put the cans down and opened the lid .
tr	NN	I easily returned his serve and positioned myself in the center of the court .
tr	NNS	I thanked the heavens that he had more color in his cheeks and was sitting up by himself .
tr	NN	I stifled a yawn , trying to keep my energy up .
tr	NN	Her favorite raincoat had a Dora the Explorer patch on the sleeve , and she wore it even when the sun was shining .
tr	NNS	He read the figures back to Boris .
tr	NN	He made a quick , dismissive gesture , handed me a glass , and looked at me with muted curiosity .
tr	NNS	The two mouths had fangs almost a foot long ; the whiskers were immediate death , if touched .
tr	NNS	Sunlight fills the clouds .
tr	NN	Finn jerked the rope off the now openly weeping boy and pushed him toward the group .
tr	NNS	I love bratwurst sausages ! "
tr	NN	" You mean the estate ? "
tr	NN	He grabbed a clean towel from the shelf against the wall and wiped off his face as he headed down into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Just the thought has my thighs relaxing and tensing at the same time and wetness beginning to pool .
tr	NN	" These electrical ripples produce a seizure .
tr	NNS	The car thundered over the train tracks along which I 'd walked every day since I 'd been born and bottomed out as the road dipped .
tr	NNS	" So , I am saving the babies ? "
tr	NN	The short man tapped a pencil against his bottom lip .
tr	NNS	Beth had fashioned rags from a ripped up t-shirt to cover her nose and mouth .
tr	NN	I 've seen you sail , Robbie .
tr	NNS	" She had a few scratches and bruises .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples and said , " They 're talking to me .
tr	NN	Then , he hit the release for the cage locks .
tr	NN	Reaching inside his almost skeletal hand withdrew a large meat steak , still dripping blood .
tr	NNS	I don 't see Holiday 's ghosts and she doesn 't see mine .
tr	NNS	" We 've already heard the tales of your revenge .
tr	NNS	Her own face looked back at her , white and blank , her eyes dark , empty pools .
tr	NNS	I had social opportunities for months .
tr	NN	The man before him stopped pacing .
tr	NNS	" If you sign consent and the adoption is granted , you are forever relinquishing your parental rights .
tr	NN	She had her duty to fulfill .
tr	NN	Now if you didn 't have that old sheep , there , I 'd see some logic in your position .
tr	NN	Then envision a frosty six-pack and wiggle your pinky . "
tr	NNS	Eve should 've had higher marks herself .
tr	NN	When he stopped before them , he drew his pistol and fired a shot between the legs of the brawny seaman , who was his first mate .
tr	NNS	" What missing babies ? "
tr	NN	The big guy with the baby face cracked his knuckles .
tr	NN	James suppressed the urge to knock the grin off his face .
tr	NN	" Asshole , " I mumbled the slur , unable to stop my smile .
tr	NNS	Thomas was feeling a bit envious of the other tables .
tr	NNS	Annoyed , the McGill threw the cookie crumbs over the side , rather than giving them to his crew .
tr	NN	" We can lock the marker in the closet or the bathroom . "
tr	NNS	Susan brought the plates of vegetables to the table and sat down .
tr	NNS	I design the chairs .
tr	NNS	The coach needed those specific items from all the football players .
tr	NNS	I really missed hugs .
tr	NN	Liz sent a silent prayer of thanks and let Selma 's hand go .
tr	NN	She knew her duty and had been trained well .
tr	NNS	" Like philosophical objections to the concept ?
tr	NNS	Luckily I had already put away all the lawn items last week before Sandy descended on the region , so I was ready for the snow .
tr	NN	I give a soft shrug .
tr	NNS	We have conquered the pagan northern lands , but there is little arable land there .
tr	NNS	You got any ghosts ? "
tr	NN	" I 'll take proof to the police about some of your crimes .
tr	NNS	Most humans have better instincts . ' "
tr	NNS	We could use those shelves and jars . "
tr	NN	" Calm down there , Miss Springy , " I tell her teasingly .
tr	NN	He had a logical argument , but I was still terrified of taking this step .
tr	NN	Verso Hastings and Samantha Lefevre boasted the best closure rate in the homicide department , but clearly , that success had a cost .
tr	NNS	The Sentinel hated witches as much as they did vampires .
tr	NN	I already have a speculation of what he wants from me and that thought only grows when his finger drifts up my spine .
tr	NNS	" They can turn umbrellas into weapons of mass destruction . "
tr	NN	Throw a handful of scrabble letters on the floor and it would do just as well .
tr	NN	I didn 't ask anybody else there , but judging by the look of the place I would say Perrin made it up about the soldiers . '
tr	NN	She woke up a hunter , like us .
tr	NN	He handed her the spray nozzle and sank down onto the little wooden stool .
tr	NNS	Mr. White can work wonders with healing if he has a simulacrum of you . "
tr	NN	Another man met the same fate a second later .
tr	NNS	Bill cleaned up his dishes and sat down at the card table .
tr	NNS	They get super horrible burns when they 're babies , and if they don 't get kept out of the sun , they die of cancer .
tr	NN	I felt a pinch of pain in my heart .
tr	NN	Timothy pokes the wire into the small incision he made in the man 's throat and starts to snake it up .
tr	NN	Over his shoulder , he could hear the splashing of the water as Melody upended the two in rapid succession .
tr	NNS	The government , their government , was giving tax dollars to their former employers .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to snuggle closer to Elliot 's side with Cyrus following so close behind us .
tr	NNS	" How many doctors have I seen before you ? "
tr	NNS	Being around Cole heightened her senses and left her reeling .
tr	NN	Standing on the tee you could see the whole estate .
tr	NNS	She really didn 't have any obligations except to be present and lend her name to different causes .
tr	NN	The wagon 's bed held a single iron cage , large enough to imprison a man .
tr	NN	Because when he drugged me , tied me up and shot me before , I certainly got the impression that Jack wanted me dead . "
tr	NNS	My brain did a few flip flops .
tr	NN	From there , the electronic devices could do all the spying for them .
tr	NNS	Cleon hooked his thumbs into his pockets .
tr	NN	I heard a growl coming from Nate 's direction and turned to focus my eyes on him .
tr	NN	For Harry , her final breath dispersed the expectation of departure , as an immense shock wave hit him .
tr	NNS	She gave me two enthusiastic thumbs-up .
tr	NNS	Impressive independent co-ordination skills in Nightingale 's opinion .
tr	NNS	I check the blinds , but don 't see any suspicious cars on the street .
tr	NN	Cassandra knew only one Earth language and briefly visited the staff in the linguistics department ... who all happened to be out for a late lunch .
tr	NNS	I need reinforcements to deal with them . "
tr	NNS	Numerous women took their martial skills to a higher level .
tr	NNS	He had kept armies in check , and had kept crime at a manageable level .
tr	NNS	Thomas wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	The priest rubbed his greasy palms together .
tr	NN	Maisie had a slight frame and wore a pale colored dress .
tr	NNS	Their king tried earthquakes next , but he could see his subjects liked them even less than we .
tr	NNS	Earth can build its space stations .
tr	NNS	They applied these bats to the man on the pavement with great enthusiasm and then moved on to the next shop .
tr	NN	She warmed a towel over the heater ; then used it to rub his head until his hair was merely damp .
tr	NNS	Instinctively , she parted her thighs , and then she gasped when the length of him slid along her most intimate flesh .
tr	NN	At that , the bearded man pulled a small pistol from his pocket and pressed it against Cera 's head .
tr	NN	If you move from this spot , we will crack your spine and feast upon your dying corpse while the other one remains bate for the werewolf .
tr	NNS	They quickly explained to him the adjustments they had made to the system they had set up .
tr	NN	We would love your input on the situation . "
tr	NN	Hitting all present with an umbrella like shield , he unleashed a blast of energy that poured through the floor .
tr	NNS	I understand the dangers .
tr	NNS	' And I control all the bombs ? '
tr	NN	" Almost five o ' clock . "
tr	NNS	He just might snip your balls off .
tr	NN	It came out a little accusatory , like he 'd been in on the scheme to keep him away from me .
tr	NN	In my room , I pick up my pillow , punching it into shape .
tr	NNS	I must have still looked clueless .
tr	NN	Jack loosened the pistol from Abbott 's grip .
tr	NN	" Admit it , honey .
tr	NNS	They bought a few items from the list and also , requested by other birds , necessities like bird ' snacks called tapioca chips .
tr	NN	Give me some credit .
tr	NNS	Books had been swept off the shelves .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of a collared shirt in the passenger seat ; this was Gansey .
tr	NNS	People called out loud greetings to her that she returned with a forced smile , and a cheery demeanor she didn 't feel .
tr	NN	Sliding her legs out the window and down over the ledge , her feet found a knot and took hold .
tr	NNS	I have certain god-like powers in the presence of alcohol .
tr	NN	This note makes a very good argument for that .
tr	NN	Chapter Twenty Nine Rafe suffered an uncomfortably restless night and had no trouble laying the blame firmly at Adele 's door .
tr	NNS	She roared more insults , then whispered again , " We didn 't fight .
tr	NNS	" In fact , you gave me all sorts of interesting ideas on how you could further aid me . "
tr	NN	I could still hear the humor in his voice .
tr	NNS	She put a wineglass beside each plate and sorted through the drawer for some silverware .
tr	NNS	I do not want any nasty surprises when I return .
tr	NNS	She met his strokes with a frenzied need .
tr	NN	Biscuit hooked a tow rope to the police SUV , while a bunch of volunteer firefighters coordinated the lifting of the machine off the victim .
tr	NN	Oliver gave a slow clap .
tr	NNS	Before she realized it , her heart was racing a thousand beats per second .
tr	NN	He looked around the desert and saw only darkness .
tr	NN	Ethan turned the doorknob , put his shoulder into the door , and rushed inside .
tr	NN	It has a battery . "
tr	NNS	Aside from the tricks my mind plays when I sleep , I only have two fears left .
tr	NNS	" And Magick means gods . "
tr	NNS	The man patted his pockets .
tr	NNS	Immediately he reversed their positions and held her close to his body .
tr	NN	Stella , across from him , drank her juice as her eyes glued on her brother .
tr	NNS	Instead , she faked strange epileptic fits .
tr	NN	He tapped his pencil on his desk pad .
tr	NN	The situation warrants further inquiry .
tr	NNS	Considering further , he hands out pairs of plastic gloves all around , which the others also accept .
tr	NNS	I can feel my muscle fibers quivering everywhere .
tr	NNS	" So ... you bid one million dollars for an hour with me . "
tr	NN	He still has the headband .
tr	NN	" We 'd send a social worker to see what the problem was . "
tr	NNS	" My brother 's battled other dragons .
tr	NN	Salvatore enjoyed a mouthful of wine , when he suddenly thought about Horace and his plight .
tr	NNS	She knew she belonged , she 'd made other trips in the truck .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile in an aft compartment of the alien vessel , Core was taking his last breaths .
tr	NN	" Will I have another trial ? "
tr	NNS	But the photo had shown the buildings from above ; it was a different perspective from this .
tr	NNS	After talking to many of you over the last month , I know a few of you have already figured out you are missing cattle .
tr	NN	If she hated him so much , why didn 't she just end the engagement ?
tr	NN	" I like my privacy , and you were poking around in my life too much .
tr	NNS	" Some of your informants could ruin us , " Arthur placed both photographs in the folder and slapped it shut .
tr	NN	He replied a little impatiently .
tr	NNS	" Do you think this counts as talking ?
tr	NNS	She scans the darkest areas of the parking garage for the Black Jester but doesn 't see him .
tr	NNS	They would search out field hospitals and Prisoner of War trains , killing the defenceless .
tr	NN	They found that Cadogan medal at the scene of Jennifer Porter 's death . "
tr	NNS	Tomorrow we start our Select classes .
tr	NN	" Clean fish and home in time for church . "
tr	NNS	This usually shy woman certainly tossed away her inhibitions when it came to the sensual .
tr	NN	Apparently they were using a condo near the ski resort for songwriting .
tr	NNS	Michael put both our backpacks on his back .
tr	NNS	" I Smell some deer over there , let 's go . "
tr	NN	girl in bout 2.5 ima bitch slap my bro if he asks me 1 mo thing . .
tr	NNS	" Why do we want giant crossbows ? "
tr	NNS	He cursed the layers of clothing separating them , damned the men standing nearby , and reluctantly broke off the kiss .
tr	NN	Detective Stokes laid her pen down on top of her yellow tablet .
tr	NN	I capped my pen and dropped it back into the holder .
tr	NNS	How did Evelyn find her test subjects two years ago ? "
tr	NNS	Then I hear giggles .
tr	NNS	You children have no self-preservation instincts at all .
tr	NN	" We will see his associate .
tr	NN	" We just received a huge shipment , so we 'll pick out some really hot colors and bring them .
tr	NN	Sloane gave her a sarcastic glare .
tr	NNS	Inch by inch , he forced his torn palms to hang on , his arms to exert pressure .
tr	NNS	Barkers , who had waited all night for this moment , hailed cabs for the very rich , then waited with their hand out for a tip .
tr	NN	After a time , they reached a spiraling stone staircase and climbed until they reached an ancient door at the end of the corridor .
tr	NNS	Maybe my ears had been playing tricks .
tr	NN	Even I got a marriage proposal from a young professor of our college .
tr	NNS	" I 've done sixteen missions .
tr	NN	The Warp Drive Bank sponsored the breeding and release of the insects themselves .
tr	NNS	Did he still hate contacts ?
tr	NN	Julian gave Camille a carefree shrug .
tr	NNS	Sometimes Grandma got al sorts of details when she had one of her visions , seeing the future with sharp , crystal clarity .
tr	NNS	I will make the arrangements with Stephen . "
tr	NN	Using this chocolate , they baked a cake using the traditionally prescribed methods .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	" Slay a dragon ? "
tr	NNS	He left the dogs with her .
tr	NN	We are given the actuality of contact between the two points , a series of events . "
tr	NNS	She felt both Danny and Thunder stiffen beneath her grip .
tr	NNS	The newly renovated house far exceeded all my expectations .
tr	NN	" I had no idea interior design worked up such an appetite . "
tr	NNS	I 've faced my fears so many times in simulations , but that doesn 't mean I 'm ready to face them in reality .
tr	NN	Apparently she took a nice chunk out of the person who tried to kill you . "
tr	NN	It almost cracked a rib when I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket .
tr	NNS	These suits made the previous suits we 'd worn look like complete junk .
tr	NN	Shock found his rifle and began wiping the debris from it .
tr	NN	I made another quick survey at that point .
tr	NNS	We cannot call servants to do our bidding any longer . '
tr	NNS	you ... you gave me the powers ... " " And I can take them away , if I chose .
tr	NN	I didn 't mean to scare you " apologised the intruder .
tr	NN	" Why would she put the entire estate into trust ? "
tr	NN	He had an insane urge to hide Mairi from the other man 's gaze completely .
tr	NNS	She took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	I fought a shudder and redirected the conversation .
tr	NN	So I gave her my fishing rod and told her the bet was on ! "
tr	NNS	He couldn 't hear the engines over the roar of the sea and the pounding rain , not to mention the intermittent thunder .
tr	NNS	She 'd avoided mirrors for six months after being asked to leave the convent .
tr	NNS	It didn 't usually take females very long to fall in love with me , but Ileana was a bit unusual .
tr	NNS	He wiped his palms together , bent to repack his bag , took up the Petri dish with the blood sample and straightened .
tr	NN	Finch tapped his pen on the wooden table .
tr	NN	Marc and little Catherine were carrying the painting of the good shepherd to the church of Saint Mary .
tr	NNS	I imagine generations of native people , living quiet nomadic lives around here , eons before cars or land disputes or European immigrants .
tr	NNS	He untied Wallis , and walked away .
tr	NN	He removed one clamp then the other , paying careful attention to each bite .
tr	NNS	" There you have the ruins of Cong Abbey .
tr	NNS	Her hand sought her own juices and she began to rub herself .
tr	NNS	Colin wrote all the lyrics for Lyle 's songs ! "
tr	NNS	As she does , she explains the various processes and procedures .
tr	NNS	I just heard the hiss of her breath .
tr	NN	' What the fuck is wrong with this guy ? '
tr	NNS	I look up , a few inches between us , and his eyes change .
tr	NN	He didn 't want an interruption .
tr	NNS	Ryan can 't help but notice those babies . "
tr	NN	asked the clerk as she read my ID card .
tr	NNS	She dialed the numbers .
tr	NN	Both fought the urge to laugh .
tr	NNS	She patted the outside pockets of her black skirt , then dipped her hand inside .
tr	NNS	You 're building houses with your own money .
tr	NNS	I could even forgive Eris for defecting to Hades ' side , because he had given her back Alexi .
tr	NN	Fierce flames licked up the side padding ; dense clouds of smoke boiled toward the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Letting go of his wrist , she pushed the covers away .
tr	NNS	She sensed curious stares being cast in her direction .
tr	NN	He turned the blast of cold water off , his body sufficiently numb .
tr	NNS	" You feed all your guests three meals a day ? "
tr	NN	Andra had placed her wagon , next to the King 's .
tr	NN	Elena felt the sphere with careful fingers , final y finding a cleverly concealed catch and pressing it .
tr	NN	Through the scope , he picked out the blasted wreckage of unlucky smugglers and guerrillas .
tr	NNS	Then she made her excuses and left , sooner than she would have liked to go .
tr	NNS	Swallowing a curse , he rubbed his temples , trying to alleviate the beginnings of a headache .
tr	NNS	He had heard tales of the alchemist and up until then he was the enemy that they were pursuing .
tr	NN	I would have preferred soda , but whatever .
tr	NNS	Jake touched two wires together and a pair of sparks flashed from their ends .
tr	NNS	For an hour the disk detailed the efforts of mankind to destroy itself .
tr	NNS	Damn drugs had turned him morbid , lowered his defenses until he couldn 't halt the flood of memories .
tr	NN	The last I heard , the CDC still had a research lab set up on a nuclear air craft carrier stationed in the Gulf of Mexico .
tr	NN	Then he stole a peek at Alma .
tr	NNS	He parted her thighs and bent his head to lap at her slick crease .
tr	NNS	She had massive doses of hashish and limoncello in her system .
tr	NN	He tore the towel out of her hands and tossed it away .
tr	NNS	The heavenly scent of aftershave assaulted her senses .
tr	NN	I adjusted my heavy backpack on my shoulder as I leaned against a cool , metal locker with my other one .
tr	NNS	Speed could make out only two targets , however , when he looked at the view screen .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you want the nightmares to end ? "
tr	NN	" You have more patience than I do . "
tr	NN	So you scratched an itch .
tr	NN	Mira folded the thick white napkin into a swan and pushed it across the table .
tr	NN	Before she realised what had happened , Anna felt a hand wrap painfully around her chest .
tr	NNS	You know our chances of winning go down if you don 't play ? "
tr	NNS	You had no connections so they could not enter . "
tr	NN	You have the craft .
tr	NN	Instead , I picked up a gold statue of a pharaoh .
tr	NNS	The wings used powerful strokes to gain enough height to clear the branches and rise once more into the roiling sky .
tr	NNS	Obviously , she was drawing her own conclusions about Robert .
tr	NN	The fates must have found favor with her .
tr	NN	I turned the knob .
tr	NNS	He rinsed the dishes and set them in the dishwasher .
tr	NN	You brought me a jar of herbs ? "
tr	NN	" Kevin has enough self-confidence for all of us . "
tr	NN	This one earned me a two handed shove and a two second sigh .
tr	NN	After each ' act ' the actors are given the option of recycling , which is wiping the target 's memory clean and letting them go .
tr	NNS	He bore outward marks even now with his limp and a scar that slid up into his buzzed short hairline .
tr	NNS	We still have connections and have already started trying to get him back . "
tr	NNS	To his surprise , she handed him the reins .
tr	NNS	Immediately Cupcake read my signals and began trotting around me .
tr	NN	Scarlett closed the magazine .
tr	NNS	Then they repacked the packs with what they were taking with them , discreetly taking their time to give their greenhorn companion more time to rest .
tr	NNS	No , I sent mentally .
tr	NNS	I 'm feeling dizzy .
tr	NN	Slightly elevating one foot , she allowed her shoe to slip off her toes .
tr	NNS	' Some archers use animal tendons , but I 've always had better luck with gut .
tr	NN	' Oh , me , ' said the oh god weakly .
tr	NNS	" We have served our duchess from the moment she was born and do not intend to stop now . "
tr	NNS	Madame Helena and all adults who head these institutions also have powers ... and they may use them ... against us .
tr	NN	With a sigh he threw the pen down and got up from the kitchen table .
tr	NN	I slipped off the mare , and the thickly frosted grass was cold under my bare feet .
tr	NN	Missy pointed the pen at a tall , dark haired guy near the back .
tr	NN	Oliver North escaped conviction because of this same issue .
tr	NN	Of course , we have the video to connect her to the governor himself .
tr	NN	His picture appeared over an article he wrote on the company 's history .
tr	NN	It also has the highest angst quota .
tr	NN	Neil lugged his dirty uniform into the locker room and saw Nicky waiting on one of the benches with a black gift bag .
tr	NN	Tessa set her fork down with a clatter .
tr	NN	A draw suggested football or cricket , but only football would be played again on Wednesday night .
tr	NN	Maybe we can tie the cart to a girder so the wind won 't blow it away . "
tr	NNS	Is a ghost sending me texts ?
tr	NN	He had already made a significant reputation in Europe in his younger years and he exuded a sort of old world paternalism .
tr	NN	I played some blues .
tr	NN	Birds took wing in her stomach .
tr	NN	Preppy Hulk dropped the abstract painting he was holding on the floor and glared angrily at Frederick , as he walked out .
tr	NN	We knew the crystal 's location ... but we were helpless .
tr	NNS	He passes the remains of the textile mill .
tr	NNS	Trotters of flesh litter the wet tiles .
tr	NNS	They couldn 't tolerate the assumptions and suspicions that were inevitable in such a small community .
tr	NN	You could use an extra pilot and jumper to spell you , right ?
tr	NNS	She rubbed noses with her son , making him giggle .
tr	NN	He lifted her thigh , hitching her leg around his hip , and sliding home .
tr	NN	It makes my heart ache to see how happy Brady looks , and to know I 'll never see that expression again .
tr	NN	Her hand and knee smacked off the nightstand as she threw herself out of the bed .
tr	NNS	" She doesn 't keep bees ? "
tr	NNS	Lost complete use of her motor skills from what I heard . "
tr	NNS	Sending prayers and much 3 your way .
tr	NN	" Liam , we have a bartender in the house .
tr	NN	Then , select a location .
tr	NN	Unlike our Father and the rest of the spiritual beings in Heaven , our other brother , Lucifer , had never taken a liking to humans .
tr	NN	Got ta test out the new eye patch . "
tr	NN	She opened a drawer and pulled out a rental agreement .
tr	NN	" Wilhelm 's never had a shortage of willing female company .
tr	NN	Karl cocked his pistol and shot him , the gun roared , the bullet went through his back .
tr	NN	It had rolled off the intruder in waves , pervading everything she touched -- and she had certainly gone and touched me .
tr	NNS	I 'll get these reports and will be back in about ten minutes . "
tr	NN	Eli rattled off the team 's location in the city .
tr	NNS	" I expect solutions to this situation .
tr	NN	She knew the whole phrase .
tr	NN	You couldn 't find an owner , so you decided to give her to me ? "
tr	NNS	He stood in the doorway a moment and then out of the darkness three dead babies scurried across the floor at an incredible rate .
tr	NN	He lifted the lid of a candle in a jar and sniffed .
tr	NN	She hugged the tin , took a step back , and snarled , " Mine . "
tr	NNS	On the floor they mimicked endless drops , reflecting lights down into infinity .
tr	NNS	I cook their damn meals , when they 're home , which is never - " Definitely not my voice .
tr	NN	He robbed her of her choices , her sanity .
tr	NNS	Dolores glanced over the pages briefly .
tr	NNS	See , I do have some brains in me . "
tr	NN	Helen fought an overbearing fatigue and desire to sleep in her classes .
tr	NN	The thought of her soggy clothes even being near the truck made her cringe .
tr	NNS	He matched the leathers better that way .
tr	NNS	" If it is accurate , we can discuss further cooperative actions .
tr	NN	" What would you have said that Lord Brahim did not , my lord ? "
tr	NN	Stupid imagination , swooping in and ruining it all .
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	The shovel took long slow bites of the soft earth and laid them aside .
tr	NN	Tanner didn 't bother answering .
tr	NN	" You certainly have the right personality for serving the public . "
tr	NNS	She trusted Colin 's instincts .
tr	NNS	He has also written critically-acclaimed horror novels and short stories under the pen name , G.R. Yeates .
tr	NNS	But she 'd never see the numbers in her portfolio rise .
tr	NN	They have a pumpkin patch , a really scary haunted house , and games for the kids .
tr	NN	" Our little argument ? "
tr	NNS	The plucky rats rescue our heroes , probably by gnawing through the ropes . '
tr	NN	" We will now begin the trial .
tr	NNS	Using this new process we covered nearly ten blocks in the next half hour .
tr	NNS	My heart skipped a few beats .
tr	NNS	The new coat of paint really did wonders to the house .
tr	NNS	Spalding hands the reports back to Messick , who hands them on to the Judge .
tr	NN	After that , they danced another waltz , a polka , and a reel .
tr	NN	The man used a foreign language with a heavy accent .
tr	NN	My joke fell flatter than a buttered piece of toast dropped onto the floor .
tr	NNS	You are walking targets for men to take advantage of .
tr	NN	The riders heaved out a coffin on the ground in front of them .
tr	NN	Lucien kept his own counsel .
tr	NN	She felt a prickling of fear and tried not to let it show .
tr	NNS	" When a bank changes personnel , the outgoing person leaves comprehensive reports .
tr	NN	" Ms. Mangle has a small task to perform . "
tr	NNS	As soon as Ivan had untied the horse , he grabbed the reins and handed them over to me .
tr	NN	Oh ... did I mention he drives a motorcycle ? "
tr	NN	Now , let 's have a barbeque , huh ? "
tr	NNS	I heard some unseemly noises coming from Kira 's room .
tr	NN	Maybe she 'd overestimated his intelligence .
tr	NN	He heard the rattle of chains .
tr	NN	Without looking away from the video screen , he opened a text editor and fingers poised above the keyboard , considered what he should write .
tr	NNS	Do not fight or bring other kingdoms into the war . "
tr	NNS	Joining their families was a business decision , pure and simple .
tr	NN	I felt my resolve slipping .
tr	NN	I saw a beautiful halo appearing over Sara 's head just before she was taken in .
tr	NN	Louis made a snort .
tr	NNS	No merchant party , then , nor casual travelers .
tr	NN	Bring back that dragon or don 't come back at all . "
tr	NN	Millar , of course , wore no protection of any kind .
tr	NNS	She had pink slippers on her feet , pink rollers in her hair , and a little black dog at the end of a leash .
tr	NNS	The Sage set both his thumbs beside his ears and wagged his fingers , with insulting jeers .
tr	NNS	Ezio remembered the slave traders he had killed : they had been in Cesare 's pay .
tr	NN	She should get a medal for her ability to state the obvious .
tr	NNS	I misread the signals and I was drunk , not that it 's any excuse . "
tr	NNS	He had other patrols out ; maybe some of them would have the news he was looking for .
tr	NN	He chose a file from a stack he 'd brought in with him , and thumbed through it while he talked .
tr	NN	They also didn 't have any visual proof of her actually committing any crimes .
tr	NN	Liza whispered as the rat let out a moan .
tr	NN	My hands grabbed the hem of my shirt and tugged it over my head .
tr	NN	I can smell his soap , even above the smoke in the room .
tr	NNS	She spread out three forms onto the counter top .
tr	NNS	Derrick searched both pockets and found nothing but coins .
tr	NNS	Pulling my head from the pillow , I saw the ugly brownish stains the tears had left behind .
tr	NN	I pressed the cloth to the edge of my wrist , where the slit was , and I waited until blood was stained there .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen umbrellas before and knew what they could do to electronics .
tr	NN	Tad hid a snicker behind his hand as he regarded his own copy when passed down to him .
tr	NN	None of us wants Will 's name smeared .
tr	NN	Of course we used a condom .
tr	NNS	When the tree was in place , the hood and trunk were already accumulating dead pine needles , lots of them .
tr	NNS	Raymond saw the wheels turning in Mac 's mind .
tr	NN	Wren rubbed his head uncomfortably , making his messy black hair stand up in peaks .
tr	NN	" Half a dozen .
tr	NNS	Mitch thought of a dozen smart retorts , but let it pass .
tr	NNS	Instead , he watched the maintenance workers trimming the bushes across the roadway .
tr	NN	Will cocked the pistol ; the click was loud even above the noise of the battle .
tr	NN	They make their acquaintance with notable people , usually at other fundraisers or special occasions .
tr	NNS	Mike and Leo exchanged evil grins before they bolted into the crowd .
tr	NNS	They raised their packs , and made their way from the rocks down into the ravine that led the way to the Middle Valley .
tr	NN	Annie and Lila toted the umbrella and blankets .
tr	NNS	" I liked the houses that had cable . "
tr	NNS	Hart knew Eleanor 's fears and shared them .
tr	NNS	Marcus could see forms atop both bluffs moving strangely , but it took him a moment to realize what they were doing .
tr	NNS	She was wearing a little white sundress with my favorite cowboy boots .
tr	NNS	I knew these halls like the back of my hand now -- I 'd scrubbed these floors and polished these walls for years .
tr	NN	Michael gave a little shrug , as if to say he was reserving judgment , but he wouldn 't push this now .
tr	NN	You can cut the affection he has for her with a knife .
tr	NN	You needed a real devil , Jesus Lewis , the other half of Me .
tr	NNS	You made some connections and I want to know how you did it . "
tr	NN	Those eyes registered disgust and a little surprise .
tr	NN	A shiver went down her spine .
tr	NNS	We 're touring the other stores for a few days . "
tr	NNS	When the first bell rang , teachers ushered students into the assembly hall .
tr	NN	I should 've just killed the wretch .
tr	NNS	And so does Cyrus .
tr	NN	She couldn 't have this scullery wench -- too beautiful for her own good !
tr	NN	Nick emitted a low growl and punched the cushion on the couch .
tr	NNS	We did long walks for endurance .
tr	NNS	Mikhail has voiced his fears for him often . "
tr	NN	He extended the mic near Yolanda .
tr	NNS	And just when it appears that certain victory is within their grasp I rip out their hearts with all the empathy of a great white shark .
tr	NN	But I needed her involvement to implement my plan .
tr	NNS	All six of donned their EVA suits in case of a breach .
tr	NNS	A few grassy patches accented the meandering concrete walkways .
tr	NN	Janelle dropped the empty extinguisher to the floor .
tr	NN	Claire gripped the dashboard as the vehicle made a sudden , swinging pivot on its front wheels .
tr	NN	Halfway down and on a patch of old snow !
tr	NN	" Prime husband material . "
tr	NN	" You cannot call a defeat for us .
tr	NN	Somewhere from beneath the sneakers and the socks , I pulled out a handful of cheerios .
tr	NNS	Julian scanned the bikers with a glare that dared any of them to approach him .
tr	NN	I was done my obligation to lose everything I had .
tr	NNS	He had let her buy chocolates for Marti and the others .
tr	NN	" I did not give you a motor command . "
tr	NN	No matter the cost . "
tr	NNS	Mike poured two cups of coffee and went back into the living room to tell Terry about his nightmare .
tr	NNS	You assess issues from a tactical point of view .
tr	NNS	It creates all sorts of problems .
tr	NN	Forget the very real possibility that this was just another trap to make sure Henry couldn 't find me .
tr	NNS	So I packed my treasures in a simple backpack .
tr	NN	" You must get that spine of yours from your mum -- your daddy was a pussy from the word go .
tr	NN	The words explode unbidden from my mouth , and I let them .
tr	NN	Gabriel had never considered the possibility of his twin turning vampire .
tr	NNS	Did they have psychic skills other than telepathy ?
tr	NNS	I can 't make excuses and I don 't want to .
tr	NN	came a shout from below .
tr	NNS	Again , he thwarted her expectations , nodded , his eyes returning to the deadness , the defeat , that so disturbed her .
tr	NN	Coach gave him a thumbs-up and I could see Tuck 's pride flowing over .
tr	NNS	Two weeks ago , in a fit of rage , she 'd tossed her scales in the cabinet under the sink .
tr	NNS	He lit the candles with the lantern he 'd brought and gently set the pot in the water .
tr	NN	Not that Mike would ever trade his freedom for the confines of marriage , but he intended to make sure Peter appreciated his good fortune .
tr	NN	Besides , I don 't need a babysitter . "
tr	NNS	" Of course we have our burdens .
tr	NN	Detective Larry added his input , " But don 't travel Route 4 at night ! "
tr	NNS	Her full lips hovered inches from his .
tr	NNS	I 'm taking classes in IT during the day .
tr	NN	She was walking an invisible psychic high wire without a net .
tr	NN	To achieve that , he needed success .
tr	NNS	She liked surprises , Maxi .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't see Fellows anywhere .
tr	NN	The next pictures followed the theme of their predecessors , showing several different angles of an impressive ocean liner .
tr	NN	His voice lost its banter .
tr	NNS	The forest stood only a few yards away , the outlines of trees and bushes still visible , the dark not quite complete .
tr	NN	He was just finishing a yawn when he saw Haven .
tr	NN	It did not take the intelligence of a rocket scientist to know that Ryan Blackstone did not like women .
tr	NN	After twisting on the ignition , Xavier rapped his knuckles on the passenger window and motioned for it to be lowered .
tr	NN	I want ice cream . "
tr	NNS	Most of them had small yards , some overgrown with weeds , while others had little rugs of grass littered with bikes and toys .
tr	NN	Don 't refuse the claim .
tr	NN	Fool that I was then , I felt joy and a desperate yearning for the glory of battle .
tr	NN	I will make Major this next board , you can bet the farm on that .
tr	NN	I don 't have time , " he blurted , almost spitting orange juice on the floor .
tr	NNS	" I love you , " he said , heedless of the others in the room .
tr	NN	She fell sick to her stomach all over again , the remembered terror almost as debilitating as it had been while the situation was happening .
tr	NN	Maybe I 'd get a repeat of that shower later .
tr	NNS	One at a time they took short meal breaks and shorter bathroom breaks .
tr	NNS	He spent millions of dollars transforming an old Spanish fort into a place of luxury and pleasure .
tr	NN	They recently got a shipment in , and we 'd like to borrow that shipment with no intention of returning it .
tr	NN	She could see her granddaughter through the plastic castle 's open window .
tr	NNS	I would go backstage , tell him how brilliant he was , and leave .
tr	NN	Kendall Mahan added a new twist .
tr	NNS	" I 've given you more than enough chances to prove yourselves .
tr	NNS	Not many wolves have supernatural powers .
tr	NN	" Maybe I ' l tag along .
tr	NNS	Folks pay good coins for seating .
tr	NNS	Once upon a time , people could quit drugs , but the stuff they sold now never left your system .
tr	NN	We don 't give you enough credit for knowing these things .
tr	NNS	The captain had been overseeing the salvage operations at the Indonesian island of Pusat .
tr	NNS	They met with King Ignis and the others about three hundred yards from the eastern edge of Lantern Hill .
tr	NNS	He pushed trash cans over that impeded his progress .
tr	NN	She stiffened her spine and heard Chase shift in his chair beside her .
tr	NN	She 'd found her shoe and slid it onto her foot .
tr	NN	The sexy images , as well as playing with magic left her shaken and her knees way too weak to go for a stroll .
tr	NN	" Now stop your blubbering and make the call , okay ? "
tr	NNS	Her smell had scored her big points with Dermot .
tr	NNS	Yes , Tristan said mentally .
tr	NNS	After one more long pull at my wrist , he withdrew his fangs .
tr	NN	She had read all the literature that had been mailed to her from the Holton Chamber of Commerce .
tr	NN	Once more he picked up the phone receiver , to call his wife .
tr	NN	People can have quite an imagination when describing injuries when they 're under stress .
tr	NNS	I was making noises I 'd never even heard before ; certainly they hadn 't come out of me prior to that moment .
tr	NNS	" You 'd better get those forms filled out and down to Human Resources this morning . "
tr	NNS	" You have obligations as well with this internship .
tr	NN	Lyla had given a thoughtless ' You go , girl ! '
tr	NN	I had this raw , primitive urge to live in some secluded cave and do nothing but paint .
tr	NNS	His hands caressed my breasts and belly as he moved .
tr	NN	He considered the possibility that , since writing paper was white , anything white appeared to be missing something .
tr	NNS	I don 't use needles to take drugs not prescribed to me by a doctor .
tr	NNS	Inside were playing cards and poker chips .
tr	NN	He spun the cylinder , flipped it back into the gun , and cocked the hammer .
tr	NN	Now he took the nickname as a sign that he was forgiven for being such an ass ... and he was grateful for it .
tr	NN	He crossed the threshold of the ingress into the Vanguard main atrium .
tr	NNS	The two men are wearing dark suits .
tr	NNS	whereupon all the adults hushed in wide-eyed surprise .
tr	NN	" The dudes are asleep upstairs , we ate the ' za , nobody called . "
tr	NN	Maybe you 're not getting enough oxygen up there where your head lives , but you sound like a crazy person . "
tr	NNS	People like suits of armor .
tr	NN	He gives a hard blink .
tr	NNS	He sent his apologies and asked me to tell you that the Kohn property has sold . "
tr	NNS	" I have a few more mouths to feed . "
tr	NNS	She braced both palms on the tops of his thighs and pushed herself upward .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers up to her chin .
tr	NNS	They would gather up their cubs whenever they climbed on him .
tr	NN	He continued his passive resistance all the way to the back door and into the house .
tr	NN	He had always enjoyed the solitude of his profession .
tr	NNS	He saw the two remaining gang members in a cantina while he was vacationing in Mexico , and he arrested them .
tr	NNS	It allows cargo ships to unload without landing .
tr	NN	Cameron pulled back a curl of the wig and kissed her neck .
tr	NN	I check the clock on the wall .
tr	NN	The imp touched the small medallion that hung about his neck .
tr	NN	Phyllis had given him a new chew toy when he had arrived .
tr	NNS	" Hey , I can 't divulge the tricks of the trade . "
tr	NNS	' Like rotting vegetables . '
tr	NNS	We 'll shoot hoops to decide who cooks .
tr	NN	The remaining tank resumed the advance , perhaps realizing that its tormentor didn 't need to show his face to fire his deadly weapon .
tr	NN	She couldn 't stop the little moan that escaped from her throat .
tr	NN	He barely stifled a flinch at her words .
tr	NNS	He didn 't give me any specifics .
tr	NNS	The thought of being watched when I thought myself unobserved gave me the cold creeps and a hot anger .
tr	NN	Twenty minutes later , HTS secretary Freda Glass slammed the phone receiver down harder than she meant to .
tr	NNS	Take your tapes with you .
tr	NN	Nothing could scratch that itch but him .
tr	NN	He wore a long ponytail of smooth dreadlocks bound together by a piece of hemp string .
tr	NNS	" The sensor you swallowed picked up all their sensors .
tr	NN	The countess slid the curtain over the window .
tr	NNS	After five years of service , he would be given lands and would retire comfortably .
tr	NN	To each person he gave a new update , being calm with each of them .
tr	NNS	With another groan , I threw back the covers and sat on the edge of the bed .
tr	NN	Behind me , there came the blast of a horn .
tr	NNS	There , he flattened his palms , and her muscles quivered .
tr	NNS	He 's already got his twin blades in hand , so I guess he feels it , too .
tr	NN	Your clan will be checking out our merchandise in the morning , right ? "
tr	NN	The glass wall and open doorway didn 't offer any privacy .
tr	NN	He felt the blood drain out of his face .
tr	NN	How can I gain your forgiveness ? "
tr	NNS	And Templeton had his allies down in the department as well .
tr	NNS	" And sporting white ribbons ! "
tr	NN	He took the rifle in hand , a canteen and hiked toward that hill , while mom made coffee and fried slices of bread in a skillet .
tr	NN	As the small party walks west on the north side of the road , they pass the pawnshop and cross the intersection .
tr	NNS	I could hear distant coyote howls and my animals were a bit nervous .
tr	NN	Bradford checked his email .
tr	NNS	" Funny you should mention my intimacy issues .
tr	NNS	Behind it , an old wooden fence separated the property from a creek , and beyond that lay suburban houses .
tr	NN	Simon felt a dull pang of nausea roll over him .
tr	NN	I will swear an oath , like you do in your world .
tr	NNS	He batted his eyelashes in feigned submission .
tr	NN	And the eyes -- both red and green had a piercing quality that showed a clear and masterful intelligence .
tr	NNS	" Ugh ; she 's selling love spells ?
tr	NN	She moved the picnic basket from the floor to the table .
tr	NNS	He guided her palms to Paul 's stomach .
tr	NN	' We couldn 't afford a tin of paint , but we 're supposed to buy new carpet ? '
tr	NN	If he hasn 't came into her life then might she have accepted my proposal ?
tr	NN	Marlee scanned the briefcase for hidden devices , much to his amusement .
tr	NNS	By the time she 'd told all those lies , Glory was almost panting , but she forced herself to go on .
tr	NNS	They could see the silhouettes of people walking along the top of the wall .
tr	NNS	" You 're both consenting adults .
tr	NN	I swallowed the ache in my throat at seeing Lil so clearly again and forced myself to concentrate on the teacher .
tr	NN	He relinquished his claim on her lips and claimed her body instead .
tr	NNS	It had some spiny bits that he tried not to handle .
tr	NN	Even with her books locked away , she could still create a chant to curse him .
tr	NNS	None of them had families .
tr	NN	Heidi asked the customer , " Can I help you find something . . ? "
tr	NN	Something big was climbing the hill from the other side .
tr	NN	I quickly dropped the pizza onto the table and pulled her into my arms .
tr	NNS	" I kind of can taste some citrus in this .
tr	NNS	I 'd bet a thousand bucks that she wants you . "
tr	NN	I throw a pillow at his head , but he ducks and it sails past him .
tr	NNS	" Morning students ! "
tr	NNS	I resented the robots for reserving for themselves the right to be kind to you and to give .
tr	NN	Andrea felt a renewed dread when she glanced around .
tr	NN	" Negative , we have the iPod .
tr	NN	" They would make a fine addition to my own armies , if you do not mind me saying so . "
tr	NN	I emitted a low , rumbling growl , and his expression became one of mock surprise .
tr	NN	In another room I caught a glimpse of what looked like a large tank full of bright , glowing liquid .
tr	NNS	" I get bits and pieces of memories , but it 's all kind of blurry .
tr	NNS	" Don 't make excuses for my behavior .
tr	NNS	You do have skills . '
tr	NNS	Blowing my brains out . "
tr	NNS	He 'd brought home a thousand dollars and had spent it all on outstanding farm debts .
tr	NNS	He touched his chin whiskers and stroked them absentmindedly .
tr	NNS	We can no longer trust our powers to compel , " I muttered , not really answering her question .
tr	NN	She could see his terrible hunger smoldering just beneath the surface every time his dark gaze rested on her .
tr	NNS	You haven 't met your Jess yet . "
tr	NN	Once she injected the blood , Roxie pulled the needle out and recited the words of the spell .
tr	NNS	You see , there 's an awful lot of people out there that do family birthday numbers , all low numbers , just like we do . '
tr	NN	He was sitting in this throne in some castle or possibly a cave or ... I don 't know what .
tr	NNS	" Maybe you 're making some dumb assumptions here , lady . "
tr	NN	It sat unmoving , a compact sphinx until she set foot on the veranda .
tr	NN	You keep your star and your guns , and we 'll get her a nice dumb horse .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't heard official numbers , but Joseph 's deployed teams usually were twenty person teams .
tr	NNS	I called all the hotels , looking for you this afternoon . "
tr	NN	People burned their fingers digging through embers for scraps and precious belongings .
tr	NN	He opened a closet .
tr	NN	' In it lies the fate of the world . '
tr	NN	French had the potential to be a little challenging .
tr	NNS	I eyed some students to see if they heard her , but there were no signs of it .
tr	NNS	He had some rather kinky tastes , though , if you ask me . "
tr	NN	My father hates this hobby .
tr	NN	Eli put down his hot chocolate .
tr	NN	It heightens my own talent .
tr	NN	" I feel Your displeasure . "
tr	NN	The woman wet a paper towel with warm water and handed it to me .
tr	NNS	Later that night , I felt the stares in the common lounge .
tr	NNS	" If only I had more abilities . "
tr	NN	I don 't find her attitude threatening at long last .
tr	NN	" Neither of us wants a scolding for deviating from our stated plans . "
tr	NN	It sounds ungrateful of us , brother , to do it , though . "
tr	NN	They staggered down hill into the grassy field around the west side of the lake , away from the flames .
tr	NN	She had a yellow pencil protruding from her gray hair .
tr	NN	They had almost identical coloring , too .
tr	NNS	Smells of sawdust mixed with blood permeated my senses .
tr	NN	Dad hadn 't given me any other option .
tr	NNS	The dim light illuminated countless pairs of bloody , cracked , and gnarled feet .
tr	NN	Like a Task , not everyone will develop a Talent , but everyone is encouraged to at least train in each of the fields .
tr	NN	I caught her meaning and laughed .
tr	NNS	We also need the doctors to stop the bleeding and get your body back to making healthy blood reserves again .
tr	NN	She made a faint moan in the back of her throat , a sound that increased his wild desire .
tr	NNS	The Lord may punish the erring elements and promote the saner ones .
tr	NNS	For eight hours , thousands of people sat on highways , unable to move while temperatures plummeted .
tr	NN	" Market down the block .
tr	NN	She would do addition on her fingers , maybe even with a calculator .
tr	NN	He rubbed my belly .
tr	NNS	We all have our strengths , Haven .
tr	NNS	Didn 't need any distractions . "
tr	NN	After everyone went to lunch , I took a peek .
tr	NNS	I finally regain my senses and take my hand back , wiping it a few times on my jeans .
tr	NN	She removed the tag after widening her eyes at the price .
tr	NN	Then we will not accept Cronus 's truce . "
tr	NNS	They 'd understood his terms , even if they 'd all wished for , and some even subtly suggested , a more permanent situation .
tr	NNS	He sowed his wild oats by hanging out with the wrong crowd , drinking and forgetting his vow to abstain from sex until marriage .
tr	NN	My lungs restrict oxygen .
tr	NN	He checked his email and then got the department listing out again and looked up a number for Burton .
tr	NN	We both climbed up the rope , and back unto the cliff where the tree was .
tr	NNS	He retrieved his cigarettes from his pocket , tapped one out of the packet and lit it .
tr	NNS	They might not have the fighting skills of another clan .
tr	NN	I whispered my confession .
tr	NN	" Ray , we have a visitor . "
tr	NNS	I brush my palms over her chest , down her smooth hips .
tr	NNS	This time she would dictate the terms .
tr	NN	He preferred the solitude of the small kitchen table .
tr	NN	Ink appreciated his " live and let live " attitude .
tr	NNS	She also stuffed silver daggers in her boots , under her wrist sleeves , and under her pants belt .
tr	NN	" What conclusions have you drawn ? "
tr	NNS	My dream had just been portraying my fears of allowing him in .
tr	NNS	My mama don 't like cooing birds in the tree branches .
tr	NN	But underneath it all came the unmistakable moan of a man in need of help .
tr	NNS	While their swords were secured in their oak chests , yet all wore knives on their belt .
tr	NN	She swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	NN	Avoid confrontation if at all possible .
tr	NNS	I walked the two blocks back to my apartment alone .
tr	NN	She owned the cafe and had been advertising in the local paper for a combination dishwasher , waiter , and handyman .
tr	NNS	We have seen the obscenities of nightmare !
tr	NNS	He had some very serious identity issues .
tr	NNS	Her fighting skills ... and I 've been told she has untapped Magick about her .
tr	NN	" Your reputation . "
tr	NNS	Ivan races out of the closet and down hallways with the lights out for the night .
tr	NNS	The old man and the boy had magical powers , and she had nothing .
tr	NN	He 'd grabbed a Time magazine , ironically , to read while he ate , but it sat untouched .
tr	NNS	We 'd play cards for hours . "
tr	NN	He handed the assault rifle off to the General .
tr	NNS	He showed her his palms .
tr	NN	I could burn some sage , clear this area out .
tr	NN	I shove the other possibility down , deep and hard , but it springs right back .
tr	NNS	I heard noises and when I got out , everyone was fighting . "
tr	NN	She gave the doorframe a few small knocks and a grumbling voice told her to enter .
tr	NN	I couldn 't hold the objection back .
tr	NN	He doesn 't deserve my forgiveness . "
tr	NNS	In amongst the stacks of paper and zip drives , she found the precious disks holding the data on stealth torpedoes .
tr	NNS	So , I need some priorities in here .
tr	NNS	It let out a hiss from several holes in the tubing .
tr	NN	He filled her completely , the sensation of slick bare skin slamming into her consciousness without warning .
tr	NN	Antonio felt a pang as he considered all the unkind thoughts he 'd had about Maeve .
tr	NN	He grasps the railing and climbs over it .
tr	NN	It seems like the perfect day to soak up some sun or even , " he shrugs carelessly , " do some gardening . "
tr	NNS	He followed Jack 's directions and pulled into the Jaguar dealership .
tr	NN	Her words had little effect .
tr	NN	Lemuel sure took a shine to him . "
tr	NN	Hammond ran his knuckles along the cat 's spine ; I could hear purring from my seat across the room .
tr	NN	McCreary said a quiet prayer to himself .
tr	NNS	" You read too many fairy tales , Mama . "
tr	NNS	Selena ignored the stares and glares of the other girls as she took her place to await the baton .
tr	NN	He heard a muffled groan to his left and looked over .
tr	NN	" I feel a great thirst coming on . "
tr	NN	" What did ya do that fer ? "
tr	NN	I pick up my fork .
tr	NN	Irene set down her pen , her face passive as she crossed the room and silently handed me the test .
tr	NN	I never forgot that lesson , and in later years Scott bought the correct equipment that allowed me to travel down the road of the bodybuilder .
tr	NN	Rich tracked a row of kisses down the side of her neck .
tr	NN	Just leave her alone Knox . "
tr	NN	That meant a radical haircut and a complete change of hair and eye color , courtesy of contact lenses .
tr	NN	I need physical proof .
tr	NNS	Just say eleven . "
tr	NN	Then he remembered a little bird and a dear friend , both promising he would never be forsaken or forgotten .
tr	NN	Here , in some of the most prime , most expensive beachfront property in the world , Ethan has his own little slice of paradise .
tr	NN	Lieutenant Beau Myers looked a little overwhelmed by the instructions .
tr	NN	I closed the lid and put the bottle in the backpack with my other things .
tr	NN	They could see the castle in the distance when all of a sudden , the bike coughed and shut down .
tr	NN	She grabbed her napkin and wiped the corner of my mouth .
tr	NN	I finally moved the cloth to a cardboard box in the corner .
tr	NNS	Blake stared daggers at his dad .
tr	NN	He freed his pistol and hurried forward , sticking to the walls , leading with his gun .
tr	NN	Charlotte left the Gazette at a run , slowed when she got winded , and began a slow walk back to town .
tr	NN	" The early bird catches the worm .
tr	NNS	It stops a few inches away from the radio .
tr	NNS	They all had families .
tr	NNS	I made excuses to my parents in my mind , and my imagination let them find me innocent .
tr	NNS	Her super black hair had the front layers pulled back into a simple clip , exposing her long elegant neck .
tr	NNS	It wrapped around his ribs , flowed onto his back , and settled .
tr	NNS	And he 's not answering his texts .
tr	NN	And so she bore a nervous twitch when it came to her child 's health .
tr	NN	Perry questioned his frame of mind , and his allegiance , even if Aria didn 't .
tr	NNS	In her apartment , Ruby closed all the blinds and turned off the lights .
tr	NNS	Grant closed the blinds and curtains over the windows and glass doors leading out to the balcony .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't put the two scenarios together .
tr	NNS	And don 't try any tricks , because I am at least as powerful as Julian .
tr	NNS	He or she may possess abilities that would be considered very important to their kind .
tr	NNS	Now that he thought of it , he could remember his robots advising him that there was urgent mail waiting for him in the system .
tr	NN	Greg handed the rod over to Chelsea and she attempted a mighty cast .
tr	NNS	Then he closed the blinds .
tr	NNS	They had tall fat iron mushrooms set into them , to tie off ropes .
tr	NNS	In short , I 've despised outright lies , lying by omission , and obfuscation of any sort ever since the first grade .
tr	NN	You 've lost that privilege . "
tr	NNS	The man has balls of steel .
tr	NNS	Adam and I collected the most important basic necessities : food , clothes , money Adam saved up .
tr	NNS	She downloaded some data to their ships and vanished .
tr	NN	Put a big-time scowl on his face and whined about it being ash trash .
tr	NNS	I wrote these spells for humans , so they could counteract coercive Fae magic if necessary .
tr	NNS	She endured the hugs of her pack mates .
tr	NN	I probably gave you the wrong impression , which wasn 't my intention .
tr	NN	And like Maggie , Leah 's beauty had depth .
tr	NNS	Completely flummoxed , I evaluated my chances while trying to ferret out what the hell was going on .
tr	NNS	The curtains were gone , the book shelves on one end of the room filled with yet more files and rolls .
tr	NN	Tell me ... " The deck plates shudder under Jason 's feet forcing him to fight for balance .
tr	NN	To sell the harpy for the sacrifice . "
tr	NNS	" We all had quick brains and fast reflexes .
tr	NN	Both children bore a resemblance to her brother .
tr	NN	Lucia wordlessly produced her ID .
tr	NNS	Please accept my apologies .
tr	NN	My voice exudes sincerity .
tr	NN	He wore a tan t-shirt and his military camouflage pants that accentuated his perfect ass .
tr	NNS	Occasionally , a book would rustle its pages or clank its chains restlessly .
tr	NNS	I tried deep breaths , but that didn 't release any of the pent-up emotion in my chest .
tr	NN	I 'll be reading poetry there . "
tr	NN	He returned the gesture and motioned for the door .
tr	NNS	" Or your family reads reports about you taking advantage of a nineteen year old . "
tr	NNS	But didn 't everyone draw conclusions like this ?
tr	NNS	We made plates that also included baked potatoes and took a seat at his long rustic wood table .
tr	NN	" What the fuck has she been doing here ? "
tr	NNS	" To smuggle drugs ! "
tr	NNS	Nuala wiped her palms on her jeans , although there was nothing on the rock to dirty them .
tr	NNS	The freighter was going about ten knots .
tr	NNS	I live a few blocks over from Tulane . "
tr	NN	Carter did not enter the temple , because none but the Veiled King is permitted to do that .
tr	NNS	Mike matched frequencies with the other airplane and keyed his transmitter .
tr	NNS	Even that took a few centuries .
tr	NNS	I even love your bad jokes .
tr	NNS	The wizards thought about the great cliffs of stacked paper that constituted the University 's records .
tr	NNS	I 'm not making any excuses , and I 'm not really ashamed of how I lived .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't recall the specifics , but he remembered a persuasive rumor that it was better to lose another finger than work on that particular detail .
tr	NNS	The new job he 'd left the compound to pursue was dealing drugs .
tr	NNS	I can feel her ribs and the sharp points of her hip bones .
tr	NN	You have a recording of him sitting around ? "
tr	NN	As soon as the door shuts Quinn drops her magazine back on top of the bedside table .
tr	NNS	Slowly , he perceived faint movements in the cloudy forefront of his vision .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is wrong with you ? "
tr	NNS	He 's re-introduced the joys of religion .
tr	NNS	Too many actors . "
tr	NNS	I 'm not doing drugs .
tr	NNS	" I have three sisters .
tr	NNS	" Baby , I 'm just getting started , " he said , voice husky with unadulterated lust .
tr	NN	" And we got a pub out of it . "
tr	NN	Lucy held up the aforementioned item and she jumped from the table , chased by her sisters .
tr	NN	" Just that I left my condo on foot and walked all the way to a street on Capitol Hill and back each time . "
tr	NNS	" The Empress should reach Iraqi waters Monday evening our time .
tr	NNS	She could see the largest buildings far off in the distance .
tr	NN	In some strange , unforgivable way I felt my grandmother 's discomfort with my Asian eyes and slinking jet black hair always on my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Slim , fast things go forty knots .
tr	NN	What else could explain their permanent confinement ?
tr	NNS	" Maybe I had a few too many beers .
tr	NNS	He 'd originally planned several meetings for the rest of the afternoon , then dinner with Tabitha and then to his Paris apartment .
tr	NN	Helen heard the sharp intake of someone 's breath but ignored it .
tr	NN	I can never resist the urge to smile at seeing his short round frame and bald head .
tr	NN	The operative happily picked up her slice of pizza and took a bite .
tr	NN	After a few minutes , Bobbie Sue tossed the magazine aside .
tr	NNS	Together Noah and Hailey ate their first meals of the early spring .
tr	NN	Renton handed him the chocolate again .
tr	NN	He swallowed the lump of shock that had lodged into his throat , shuddered as it landed like a brick in his stomach .
tr	NNS	" But there are populated planets nearby , and advanced beings move freely between them .
tr	NNS	Walter had sunk his considerable fangs into McCarty 's crotch with outraged authority .
tr	NN	I hear the low groan that he tries to stifle , and , yes , I smile .
tr	NN	" Probably don 't even have soap here or nothing .
tr	NN	" You got a razor ? "
tr	NNS	I 've got some numbers . "
tr	NN	" She ... got away from us ... gave us quite a chase ... " Didn 't Drake get it ?
tr	NNS	Voss checked the deep pockets of his coat as he followed the familiar route .
tr	NNS	The boys guided their bikes straight into the sand until they lost traction and slowed to a stop .
tr	NNS	As far as he knew , the old arms master was still giving out the slaps that were meant to sting pride rather than injure flesh .
tr	NN	He 's not bringing anybody else into this .
tr	NN	I could taste the sticky sweetness on his lips when we kissed .
tr	NNS	" You will no longer take meals in this room .
tr	NNS	He could rebuild engines without having to look at a manual .
tr	NN	Pulling her phone from her coat pocket , she opened an email to her doctoral adviser .
tr	NN	" So somebody with such foreknowledge could 've easily laid this trap , ready to destroy the station at a whim . "
tr	NN	Can 't you smell the rot in the air ? "
tr	NNS	Take your positions there .
tr	NNS	Children loved dogs , and the dogs loved them back .
tr	NN	I let out a guttural groan in lieu of a scream .
tr	NN	He held in his hands the familiar sty shovel , having just brought it down upon the bloodthirsty monster 's head .
tr	NNS	I squeeze off a couple more shots but Eight nimbly dodges them , dancing behind a piece of cover .
tr	NNS	He unlocks the wheels on his hospital bed and quickly pulls him out of the room , asking Jack to stay behind .
tr	NNS	Nate put his thumbs up to emphasise the friendly sarcasm in his voice .
tr	NNS	She stood a few yards away , her own gaze on me ... and the blonde at my side .
tr	NN	He swiped each armpit with fresh deodorant waiting for Ryan 's question .
tr	NN	She inhaled the whip !
tr	NNS	He had heard the numerous derogatory remarks .
tr	NNS	I found some big silver hoops for my ears .
tr	NNS	Both wore suits and had ear and mouthpieces .
tr	NNS	John collected powers the way Abraham collected victims .
tr	NNS	I 've had orgasms before , including an amazing one with Nate , but this one feels different .
tr	NNS	Ranma quickly bound the boards to her knee .
tr	NNS	And we can 't allow those reserves to be used against Garrison .
tr	NN	Now he displayed a talent for profanity .
tr	NNS	We had dance cards that the boy would put his name on to be the one to dance with you a certain dance .
tr	NN	Would ultrathin provide enough protection ?
tr	NNS	He picked up the provisions and walked to the edge of camp .
tr	NNS	So the longer I fell without hitting anything , the lower my chances of hitting something big .
tr	NNS	If he were ever to face Mary again , he would need powerful allies by his side to help balance the odds .
tr	NN	I studied the diagram for a while and saw my alternative .
tr	NN	" All right , chica , listen up , we got some info on your opponent .
tr	NN	Maybe they had foreseen a steady deluge of infants raining down on the parking lot blacktop .
tr	NNS	We were always switching bikes by accident , after dumping them down on the grass or the beach .
tr	NN	He clenched his rifle .
tr	NN	Piper was watching the vehement sermon with curiosity , " What is he talking about ? "
tr	NNS	Nina takes the blood samples while he 's asleep .
tr	NN	Diego slammed the trunk .
tr	NNS	We can get reinforcements if we need them .
tr	NNS	For the first time since he 'd bought it , he dreaded the mansion 's emptiness .
tr	NN	" It just reinforced her virginity , so to speak and made me more eager .
tr	NNS	The machine transits picture visions , instead of words , to and from our minds through the air 's atmosphere . "
tr	NN	" Sharon , Meara has absolutely no patience . "
tr	NN	Did that man have a swing when he was a child ?
tr	NNS	Guests had made strange requests before , but this was the first one to walk off - well , drive off - and leave everything behind .
tr	NN	He called a soft goodnight to which she 'd replied in turn .
tr	NN	He hated her logic .
tr	NN	Dropping his backpack on the floor , Nick opened his padlock .
tr	NN	" I want that tape . "
tr	NN	Rob pulled Aria 's fake passport out of the pile and waved it at her .
tr	NN	Some days I had patience for his step-by-step approach of getting to the truth .
tr	NNS	Outside in the spring air , Elizabeth took several steadying breaths .
tr	NN	When she 'd finished chewing the delicious bite , she used her fork to point at him .
tr	NN	I 'll forgo the bath ... if you can stand me unwashed . "
tr	NN	In the packs , he could hear the rattle of the medals and in his pack , he could feel the presence of Tau 's Cup .
tr	NN	Look , I use m protection when I have sex .
tr	NN	It immediately repeats its curtain climbing performance .
tr	NNS	" Control those crazy pregnancy hormones . "
tr	NN	I nodded dumbly , awed as much by him as I was by my surroundings .
tr	NNS	" We have no qualified drivers , no powered trucks , even .
tr	NNS	You gave them the basics .
tr	NN	The flames engulfed the shapeshifter , burning bright red-orange .
tr	NNS	Indeed many of the radicals in the polymer that constituted Sys 's body bore significant similarities to sugar .
tr	NNS	The grouper made great sandwiches for lunch .
tr	NNS	My cravings claimed their rights during those days : I made full use of the grand tables , at them , on them , under them .
tr	NN	" Those cowards , I 'll make an example of them and their families .
tr	NNS	Marisol didn 't take drugs .
tr	NNS	" Clearly , his sorceress did not enjoy his attentions or her forced service .
tr	NN	" I have a second sin ? "
tr	NN	Time had lost all meaning .
tr	NNS	All the cops and firefighters broke their butts to raise money for the center , but it was never enough to really support the programs they needed .
tr	NNS	He licks up the juices , replaces the material over my slit , and comes up , lips wet and smiling .
tr	NNS	' All queens of Matara are taught the basics . '
tr	NNS	Same Florida license plates .
tr	NNS	Then she was taking long weekend trips and whistling to herself when she was working .
tr	NN	I had an urge to stare into the baby 's face knowing his namesake was the man I loved .
tr	NNS	" The lion eats the deer .
tr	NN	Anne finally lost patience with her and left to wash her face .
tr	NN	It struck the dragon above its mouth but glanced off without doing harm .
tr	NNS	I didn 't feel nauseous or dizzy , just a slight soreness around the slices .
tr	NNS	Kylie and Derek waited a few hundred yards away from the wildlife park gates , hidden behind some trees .
tr	NN	You 've witnessed the cruelty that exists in some human beings .
tr	NNS	You have little reserves .
tr	NNS	He stopped a few yards into the trees and released her , keeping a few feet distance between them , and turned his back upon her .
tr	NN	As we walked along the communication trench , he showed little consideration for my rank -- perhaps he had a dislike for Americans .
tr	NNS	I called your references .
tr	NN	I have an announcement to make .
tr	NN	" Well , it 's certainly striking terror into my heart . "
tr	NN	She could hear the humor in his voice .
tr	NNS	" Make ready , my subjects ! "
tr	NNS	The thing was , Mateo had his doubts .
tr	NNS	We need that data . "
tr	NNS	" She pursued her various points with a single-mindedness that could make a wise person laugh .
tr	NNS	I can feel her shooting daggers at my heart , though .
tr	NNS	" You saved their butts , huh ? "
tr	NNS	In the past several days , Kira had demolished more egg crates and had her hands coated in more yolk than she wanted to remember .
tr	NNS	When she 'd been at Blake 's place three months ago , he had installed video cameras everywhere to monitor her actions .
tr	NN	We can do that experiment we were discussing . "
tr	NNS	During your mother 's childhood , the elders had many , many meetings discussing this unusual situation .
tr	NN	Pigeon ate another handful of Shock Bits and moved to block Denny .
tr	NNS	Either he had balls of steel , or she hadn 't caught him full on .
tr	NNS	We hold the skills to force his will to ours .
tr	NN	Rachel fought the frog in her throat .
tr	NNS	He allows several pedestrians to pass before falling behind the little man with the bulging white envelope tucked inside his jacket .
tr	NN	I already begged pardon .
tr	NN	" I ain 't never seen nothin ' like that in my entire life .
tr	NN	Then again , sometimes there came a stretch of 24 hours that completely changed your life .
tr	NNS	" I found cameras in the bedrooms ! "
tr	NN	He couldn 't read her as clearly as he pretended , which was a good thing .
tr	NN	She carefully removed all the tape , without compromising the envelope or its contents .
tr	NN	Professor Derek Martin and Mick Samuels stared dumbstruck at the screens , both of their jaws gaping wide open .
tr	NN	He and Melinda had made a bargain , and he would stick to it .
tr	NN	I would apologize and beg their forgiveness for whatever I 've done .
tr	NNS	" I don 't know what you 're talking about , " John said slyly .
tr	NN	He took a tankard of ale from a servant .
tr	NN	Either Pappy or my father , or possibly both of them , would inspect my row at some point during the morning .
tr	NNS	" I 'm getting very mixed signals from you .
tr	NNS	But you can hang backstage .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any allies there . "
tr	NNS	I scoped my surroundings , heaving a deep sigh .
tr	NN	He chose the second option .
tr	NNS	Aria , breathing deeply , regards the former empress with pity as she steps up to accept her weapon and pathetic surrender .
tr	NN	We left the restroom and entered the throng of students hurrying to their next classes .
tr	NNS	I could feel his breaths against my ear and his pulse against my back .
tr	NNS	When I built him , I didn 't give him any special defenses , though he does have some sharp metal claws , if things get desperate .
tr	NNS	He heard the soft hiss of paper against paper .
tr	NNS	She took small bites , and he could tell she had no interest in swallowing it .
tr	NN	Unless you like popsicle pizza ? "
tr	NNS	I can hear cameras clicking , but I don 't care .
tr	NNS	I 'd never been loud , had always controlled my noises , but now , now , I just couldn 't hold things like that back .
tr	NNS	" I only use my powers for good . "
tr	NNS	in this rich panorama , they noticed certain missing elements .
tr	NNS	They walked the fifty yards to the restaurant , McBride on the outside , nearest the road , as his mother had taught him .
tr	NNS	I can 't see the numbers clearly . "
tr	NN	He slipped out a pen and placed it on the table .
tr	NNS	Most of the small places had two or three maids who knew every room and every guest .
tr	NNS	Drusilla knew her sisters in red well enough to know Margo was willing to stay with the bombs to ensure their detonation .
tr	NN	I had brought my pillow and blanket out to the couch and made sure I had the sharpest knife from the kitchen in view on my counter .
tr	NN	That declaration makes my heart twist inside my chest .
tr	NN	When Gabriel refused to respond , the laughter came , a taunt , almost lazy .
tr	NNS	Phin casually set his cans wherever the urge struck him .
tr	NN	He turned off the pager and went back to eating .
tr	NN	He didn 't see her handbag , but he didn 't bother searching for it .
tr	NN	Yes , there is , ' he drawled , a wicked gleam in his eyes .
tr	NNS	The heel of her shoe stabbed his buttocks .
tr	NNS	" Will I keep my powers ? "
tr	NN	Until then , your dad has been working off his debt . "
tr	NN	" I have received the coordinates for the stranded climbers popped up on a data screen and am punching the location into the navigation system .
tr	NN	I put the bizarre little clock into a pocket of the pants I was wearing , and just then noticed .
tr	NN	Emily slammed down the lid of her computer , feeling the urge to throw up .
tr	NN	She jumped the entire twenty-four inch height of the platform to the concrete below .
tr	NNS	I pull the covers back and give her a little shake .
tr	NN	" Can you change fate ? "
tr	NN	I take the dagger and swing at the troll 's blade .
tr	NN	She got the impression the weather wasn 't exclusively to blame .
tr	NN	I can just make out her tearful plea over my own heartbeat .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths .
tr	NNS	You can 't pre-plan your actions . "
tr	NNS	Somehow , each of those patterns gave its bearer abilities , such as heightened speed and strength .
tr	NNS	I feel an emptiness in my stomach , as if I 'm hungry though the thought of food makes me nauseous .
tr	NNS	Instead , it had stoked the fires already inside him .
tr	NN	" You have so little faith in me . "
tr	NN	Enoch kicked my shoe .
tr	NNS	He cupped her buttocks in his hand and lifted her feet from the floor .
tr	NN	Now Gansey understood the bizarre timing of the call .
tr	NNS	They pushed their balls into his cheeks and started jacking at the same time .
tr	NNS	She 'd turned down the speaking offers , preferring to continue working instead of talking about her work .
tr	NN	That brought a loud snort from me .
tr	NNS	But did she have the sorts of dreams I had ?
tr	NNS	she heard one yell .
tr	NN	A ravine and nearby hill offered a certain measure of privacy .
tr	NNS	Setzer palmed at least five cards .
tr	NNS	Through his telescope , Grey could see the sentries .
tr	NN	I yanked my backpack onto my shoulder and hurried out to the Bronco .
tr	NNS	There were loose manuscript pages and pens and paints and , oh , way too many things to try to organize .
tr	NNS	" Grandfather , the treasures are to be fed into many worlds , bridging lands over time until my life is completed in death .
tr	NN	Victoria couldn 't hold back an angry snort .
tr	NN	" How can you explain the disappearance of all the world 's greatest art ? "
tr	NNS	Gaia 's eyes followed the cables to a large black and gray box against a wall .
tr	NN	Felt only a stinging sensation when the blade first dug into her throat .
tr	NN	I don 't really get poetry , but I had to give the poetess credit : nice .
tr	NN	Could the hippo have swallowed a stereo ?
tr	NNS	Sometimes I still have difficulties seeing the twins as being Shayne 's children , but I never made it obvious .
tr	NN	What 's wrong , are you a vegetarian or something ? "
tr	NNS	" It will change all concepts of distance .
tr	NN	' You got a whole mouthful of them things ? '
tr	NN	He leaves the diner and strolls casually past the window .
tr	NNS	Duct tape bound the more decrepit items .
tr	NN	Playing basketball for his school whenever he wasn 't benched for mouthing off to the coach .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the white pages and thumbed through it , tearing out a page when I found what looked to be the correct listing .
tr	NNS	" More of you are missing your marks now , late in the day .
tr	NN	Simon swallowed a lump in his throat as he looked at Timmy 's sugar level , relieved when it looked fine .
tr	NNS	I loved my classes and was learning so much .
tr	NN	She pulled the ramp the short distance .
tr	NN	When he had been left alone with an infected corpse , he had found the temptation irresistible .
tr	NNS	" Go forth , noble heroes ! "
tr	NNS	A folded paper towel covered his lower ribs , held in place by duct tape .
tr	NNS	Michael clearly had his doubts , but he held up both hands to signal surrender .
tr	NN	" Ben , we have an appointment ? "
tr	NN	I shot off one clip after another .
tr	NN	He no longer had a steady flow of people he could steal from to sell for drugs , alcohol or sex .
tr	NNS	Some had sharp points ; others were blunt .
tr	NN	Dean considered the possibility that the couch might not be lumpy after all but supported a population of more than one , including himself .
tr	NNS	The blow would have broken another man 's ribs .
tr	NN	He never bought a soda or a cup of coffee or a hot dog in the mall .
tr	NNS	James has all sorts of questions when I get back , but I 'm still so angry I 'm not ready to deal with him .
tr	NNS	The Detective Alec Ramsay Series , including the Best Selling ' The Child Taker ' has five novels to date .
tr	NNS	I threw the covers off and swung my feet around to get out of bed .
tr	NNS	She wrapped the covers around her and tried to catch her breath .
tr	NNS	Buzz had 110 yards to the pin , and selected a wedge , probably a sand wedge .
tr	NNS	They wore dark green uniforms and appeared to be fully armed .
tr	NNS	The moment he walked inside he felt the emptiness .
tr	NN	I stuffed out a butt , picked up my shotgun , and climbed out of the car .
tr	NNS	I 've got Landry 's shingles .
tr	NN	I felt discomfort at the fact that " they " was me .
tr	NN	The jarring note of it broke the trance that held the others spellbound , and they shifted from foot to foot .
tr	NN	He lifts his briefcase from the table and walks toward the exit .
tr	NN	" I have another treat for you . "
tr	NN	She gripped his forearms , her nails digging into his skin .
tr	NN	He rubbed his c * ck between my legs , teasing me mercilessly .
tr	NNS	Cars huddled around late night restaurants and bars .
tr	NNS	The slide of his thick c * ck caused the fragments to shatter further , until she was awash with bliss .
tr	NN	These same people wore the little red flag with the three stars and the bear on their breast pockets .
tr	NN	" After all , I have an uncle to kill . "
tr	NN	With scissors in hand , Derek stood unmoving , frowning down at her .
tr	NNS	" The Band Bearer safeguards the bands during the ceremony .
tr	NN	Now he left his spaceship , looked at the sleepy , grey world , and discovered it anew .
tr	NN	If Shane 's still there , she 'll go all Red Queen on him , too .
tr	NN	They all looked different too , each different category of witch .
tr	NNS	No knife I know of would have made those marks .
tr	NN	And still I wonder : can even an artist 's palette capture the full range of what you mean to me ?
tr	NN	" First you steal my top chef from under my nose and now you blame me for his mistakes ? "
tr	NNS	" Caroline requested scones especially today . "
tr	NNS	They knew his talents and his interests .
tr	NN	I stifle my smirk .
tr	NNS	Okay , so he had skills but ... Wow , I needed to stop the arguing in my head before I got a headache .
tr	NNS	" Not just one fire , I said fires , Sire : scores of them .
tr	NNS	The pilots were shutting down the engines and the cabin door was opening at the same time .
tr	NN	He turned and positioned the cart behind him , dragging it with one hand .
tr	NN	Alexia unhooked her parasol , took aim , and then realized she was out of numbing darts .
tr	NNS	Little figurines scattered the shelves .
tr	NN	She gave his hand another squeeze before releasing it to stand .
tr	NNS	Corinne watched the tendons in Hunter 's large hand ease up , but only enough to permit the smallest freedom .
tr	NN	They 'd already questioned and executed the steward who 'd supplied the bags of ale to the hunting party .
tr	NN	" Oh crap . "
tr	NNS	But Prospero walks to the front of the nave , easily a hundred paces from where I am standing , and kneels .
tr	NNS	And you especially can 't have scientists creating viruses that can wipe out an entire ethnic group of people ... I get that .
tr	NN	She again pressed the cloth to his head .
tr	NN	Marianne 's got a shed over here she 's offered to let me store things , but I need to start selling pretty quick here .
tr	NNS	A bright , cheery lobby greeted the travelers .
tr	NN	" You fucking madman ! "
tr	NN	Just to prove how ridiculous locks were , I snatched up a small , solid sculpture and stalked to the door .
tr	NNS	She 'd learned his tricks .
tr	NN	He took off his shoe and turned the heel in the rectangular mesh .
tr	NN	I heard the distant patter of drumming .
tr	NNS	Edward joined the classes : gaining the only official student 's access to swords in the University .
tr	NNS	He brings me fashion magazines and we discuss them . "
tr	NN	" It renews my faith that you are willing to sell to science what you could sell to profiteers at three times the price .
tr	NN	Trees shielded the pond from most of the sunlight .
tr	NN	I sent the bird .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you have a compass ? "
tr	NN	I sowed a few oats in my time . "
tr	NNS	He raked his fingernails down my stomach , over my mound then cupped my sex .
tr	NNS	" I will slay your dragons , Nikki .
tr	NN	I shoved the empty plastic food basket away from me .
tr	NNS	" Any new developments with your powers ? "
tr	NNS	She gave a hiss of frustration .
tr	NN	I hold up my soda .
tr	NN	Lindsay had attended some social function with Ambrose , and it had nearly ruined her relationship with Gage Sinclair .
tr	NNS	Where I came from , we never lit candles unless we celebrated a birthday , or someone had died .
tr	NN	By the time she reached the lifts , Love had already forgotten their encounter .
tr	NN	" People keep saying that to me : the Flame .
tr	NNS	Television crews were staking claims on the expansive marble floor , seizing wide-eyed NASA employees who came through the door .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't dislike cats as much as she once did , and she understands that farmers often keep cats to control mice .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to close the gap .
tr	NN	She gave Poppy one last pat .
tr	NNS	He waited a few more beats , then joined in with Evan .
tr	NN	I took the tape and put a new one in the camera .
tr	NNS	He adopted the cheerfulness of a lifelong friend .
tr	NNS	Her own thoughts dominated her senses .
tr	NN	She got a backpack out of the trunk and handed it to Andrew .
tr	NNS	Wherever your baton lands , you get that many points .
tr	NN	Just like our Mama . "
tr	NNS	They knew Juan 's movements and hours of duty .
tr	NN	Obviously , he hadn 't made a big impression on the woman .
tr	NNS	" Then we determine the terms of the deal .
tr	NNS	Do you even remember my two conditions for agreeing to help you storm the Keep ? "
tr	NNS	Rodney gave the descriptions and the license plate and ended the call .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to groan .
tr	NNS	She grabbed the five spears she 'd made and handed them out .
tr	NN	" I have a proposition for you . "
tr	NN	She drew a dagger , plunged it into his foot and leapt up .
tr	NN	Mrs. Collins taps a pencil against her desk .
tr	NNS	" We 'll raid colony stores for reels of neuron fiber , Eng multipliers , and the other basic components .
tr	NN	At the far end , he carefully slid a bolt , silently raised a trap door to the roof , and climbed out .
tr	NNS	Young , dressed in casual jeans and t-shirts , with instruments that look far from new , they belt out the lyrics with passion .
tr	NNS	Oh , and the renovations at his house .
tr	NN	His parents had a granddaughter they knew nothing about .
tr	NN	The unexpected attack and resultant stab of pain made her flinch .
tr	NN	How could she regret fate , or the life growing inside her ?
tr	NNS	Not to mention the complications of being with Dorian while she served as his father 's Champion .
tr	NNS	That Warner can so easily project his powers .
tr	NN	She then gave her verdict : " Well , don 't just sit there , my lad !
tr	NNS	He 'd never questioned Josh 's motivations , never doubted his veracity .
tr	NNS	I just miss airplanes .
tr	NNS	He remembered the arguments , the conversations , the incredible tension that had hummed through every moment that they 'd spent together .
tr	NNS	" I have no issues with that . "
tr	NN	* * * " I don 't know how she knew your name , " Merrill passed the gift basket over to Griffin .
tr	NNS	Farther out , large lakes reflected their lamps , revealing the shadows of darker islands .
tr	NN	Far below they al heard a shout .
tr	NN	Philip remembered the washed out color on Amber 's beautiful face .
tr	NNS	He greets the families and brings them inside for a tour of his creation .
tr	NN	White sheets covered an odd collection of scattered furniture .
tr	NNS	I followed her directions , not that I could really get all that comfortable out here .
tr	NN	I didn 't doubt Ollie 's capacity to commit such a crime .
tr	NN	Whoever had stolen her gun and attempted to kill Clay had no respect for her training and background .
tr	NN	" All right , I buy that logic . "
tr	NN	I 'm handling the estate . "
tr	NN	I checked the clock .
tr	NNS	Her face presses into my neck and she brushes her lips across my collarbone , a feather light touch .
tr	NN	he asked , his gaze narrowing .
tr	NNS	He picked up the torches and handed one to Bond .
tr	NNS	How many cups of coffee do you drink in a week ?
tr	NN	" They could end up bein ' famous . "
tr	NNS	Couldn 't he have made awkward jokes like normal guys ?
tr	NNS	I admired her boldness .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you see , I 've already let my teammates down -- my coaches -- my classmates -- myself and Izzy . "
tr	NNS	But you also made your own enquiries into Stephen Carman ?
tr	NNS	The man switched subjects like a pro .
tr	NNS	Connor paced his defenses to match Andre 's attack in hopes that he might talk some sense into his friend .
tr	NN	McCall studied the saloon across the street .
tr	NNS	The people couldn 't handle any bad surprises . "
tr	NN	From within the bag he produced a small jar containing a powdery substance .
tr	NN	" So you found one worth saving .
tr	NNS	He took deep breaths to steady himself as gradually his vision improved .
tr	NNS	I 'm not suggesting we split up , I am suggesting some changes ... ... providing you agree ... . .
tr	NN	We had each other captive ; there was no running from him now .
tr	NNS	Mac kept lifting boards and other debris even though he thought the same thing .
tr	NNS	Taylor threw her cards down and stood up from the table .
tr	NNS	We also possibly have new exposure victims .
tr	NNS	God 's archangels , led by Michael , gathered the Pagan gods for sentencing .
tr	NN	I let out a soft moan as all my aches and pains slip quickly away .
tr	NNS	See if you don 't agree by the time you finish these six tales .
tr	NNS	So we have allies in some of them .
tr	NN	But she didn 't need the bird to lead her to the place she 'd strike next .
tr	NNS	At the time , he 'd attributed his distractions down to the long working hours he 'd been putting in .
tr	NN	" We had a station wagon so we put the seats down and slept in it . "
tr	NNS	He didn 't take insults lightly .
tr	NN	If you insist upon throwing parties for me , I 'll do my duty , but no more .
tr	NN	Only Kalispell , Big Fork and some of the larger cities had reception .
tr	NN	I will hold your oath fulfilled .
tr	NN	The bite injected venom into his system , turning him into easy prey .
tr	NN	Allie straightened her white blouse .
tr	NN	They had a counsel and all the great tribes had agreed to , terms that ended the conflict .
tr	NN	She could smell the soil and the faint scent of olive oil on his bronzed skin .
tr	NNS	She massaged her temples and said , " The much more pressing issue now is informing the Council that we were infiltrated .
tr	NN	" He is gathering your clan .
tr	NNS	Still , his grandfather treated his cattle with a surprisingly warm touch , managing the animals with an unusual compassion .
tr	NN	Brandi puts down her fork and stares at her dad .
tr	NNS	Desperate times merit desperate measures and all that .
tr	NNS	I placed the palms of my hands against his chest .
tr	NN	She ignored the gnawing sensation of emptiness in her gut .
tr	NN	Tomorrow , Connor would get a crown .
tr	NNS	" Ok , if we don 't have money for an expert , we use the experts we got .
tr	NN	" I know the drill . "
tr	NN	She opened her menu and began studying .
tr	NNS	He finished her sandwiches and thanked her for them .
tr	NNS	We could hear the activities of a busy people beyond our clay and straw walls , but it didn 't stop our kiss .
tr	NNS	" Patrick cast out the serpents of Ireland .
tr	NNS	You get its shots ?
tr	NN	He felt the pin shudder in his grip under the weight of the partially impaled creature .
tr	NNS	I did two tours .
tr	NNS	Going through one drawer at a time , she sorted the items into piles .
tr	NN	Her voice held all the skepticism in her eyes .
tr	NN	We just sold a dagger to a Demon Lord . "
tr	NNS	" Never had twins . "
tr	NNS	If we keep out of sight , we can grow our numbers and train up a bit .
tr	NNS	Rosie took the chocolates and said , " Thank you . "
tr	NN	But the President had one more item to discuss with Mary .
tr	NN	From inside the ward , someone whistled an old Civil War tune , and the lyrics played in my mind .
tr	NN	As they gathered , Mack gave a short speech .
tr	NN	He made a gesture .
tr	NNS	I followed her directions and once I reached the end of the corridor , I paused and placed my ear to the door .
tr	NNS	I knew my priorities , and Jude was one notch above dance , but did Jude place me one notch below football in his mind ?
tr	NN	I could see a slice of all their faces , as they looked to the right as the minister entered his pulpit .
tr	NN	Evie could never make a claim on her true inheritance .
tr	NNS	Bright camera flashes suddenly burned my eyeballs and I glanced towards them , horrified at the group of photographers clicking away .
tr	NN	Maybe he 'd had a breakdown .
tr	NNS	Outside a man shouted greetings as two boats passed and then the noise faded .
tr	NN	" Did you see that crazy flag they were carrying ? "
tr	NN	She had once deposed a plaintiff who 'd been on a Hemisphere Air flight when a bird had gotten sucked into the engine .
tr	NNS	the soldiers voice boomed down the corridors .
tr	NNS	" I won 't endanger the family assets by marrying again . "
tr	NN	She hugged her granddaughter .
tr	NN	Rayford had a strange urge to hug his angel , and at that instant his angel reached out to hug him .
tr	NNS	The stupid video I watched earlier covered manual toilets but not flash drives ?
tr	NNS	" Put both meals on my account . "
tr	NNS	If I were doing this job , I wouldn 't take chances on smuggling the gun in .
tr	NNS	It brought his doubts and fears about Cassie sharply back to the forefront .
tr	NNS	She suppressed his suspicions and inhibitions , while at the same time bringing out his sense of wistfulness .
tr	NNS	She saw the pattern of old wood a few inches from her face .
tr	NN	I teasingly lifted the hem of my skirt up a little more , showing off my leg , and then poked my tongue out at him .
tr	NN	He retrieved the condom from his wallet before dropping his trousers and briefs and kicking off his shoes and removing his socks .
tr	NNS	Growling something indiscernible , one of his hands secured her buttocks while the other moved his shaft against her flesh , bathing himself in her desire .
tr	NNS	Lily and Ryland 's home contained all the offices and a maze of halls that led to Lily 's laboratories .
tr	NNS	" The prince gave me four coins . "
tr	NNS	I watched the mirrors for a minute .
tr	NNS	And train stations would only have more cameras and more of a chance of getting caught .
tr	NNS	I saw drops of red running down his arm .
tr	NN	Colton rescued a dirty skillet from the bottom of a pile of filthy dishes and , after a thorough scrub , cooked three scrambled eggs for breakfast .
tr	NN	" The Party took possession of the resort some years past , long before the war .
tr	NN	Gideon must have found a water supply out here , probably deep within the earth . "
tr	NNS	" You buggers have got human skeletal remains on ya site .
tr	NN	Rex pulls out a silver money clip and sets down a wad of hundred dollar bills .
tr	NNS	Then he was pulling apart her folds with his thumbs and tonguing his way to the very center of her being .
tr	NNS	But then , one day , I saw his fangs .
tr	NNS	" Your father has been using your combined powers to assert dominance over the five kingdoms .
tr	NN	I tightened the backpack on my shoulders and strode toward her .
tr	NNS	And suddenly , my breath caught at how close our faces were , her lips just a few inches from mine .
tr	NN	We serve liquor . "
tr	NN	You enjoy your bullshit minimum wage .
tr	NN	I have a reputation these days .
tr	NNS	Some people have necklaces or earrings .
tr	NNS	Bending down , she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her skimpy but equally silky panties and slid them to the floor .
tr	NNS	" Did you see the garden gnomes ? "
tr	NNS	Blythe traces the wires I 've drawn running through her head and latching on to her optic nerve .
tr	NNS	She did develop those peculiar appetites , though .
tr	NNS	You have two sisters , right ?
tr	NNS	Marks had only their own wits and strength .
tr	NNS	Then again , he knows other wolves ?
tr	NN	He felt her hand stiffen on the back of his neck and he too tensed .
tr	NNS	She had deliveries to make , and she needed to get Sam settled at home before heading out .
tr	NNS	He gave you the thumbs up .
tr	NN	I will say goodnight now and hope to see you next week . "
tr	NNS	" I know you were involved with someone before Simon , " she said delicately .
tr	NN	The father confessor knew his trade ; like a good lawyer or doctor of medicine , Tibor reflected , he could draw his client out .
tr	NN	How will you explain a pregnancy when you 're not married ? "
tr	NNS	Before I could find a good grip , he took my thighs , just above my knees , and carefully pushed my legs farther apart .
tr	NNS	He would call the shots .
tr	NNS	Obviously the Smitten Kittens had their doubts about me now .
tr	NN	She drained the pasta and put it in a bowl in the fridge , planning to add a little flavoring to it later .
tr	NN	The ringing of the phone forced a closure to the subject .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	I can feel her steady breaths on my lips .
tr	NNS	I 've also provided alternate endings for A Family Affair and Pretending Normal .
tr	NNS	" Babies - the Martin gals - Cassandra took their babies .
tr	NN	Another vehicle joined the tangle , and a roly-poly man in his late fifties , sporting a crew cut , got out of a battered pickup truck .
tr	NN	She 's got Talon swearing too ... .
tr	NN	I must have turned the fence 's electricity off when I cut the lights .
tr	NNS	I had relations with a yoga teacher once , and aside from being wonderfully flexible , she taught me how to breathe .
tr	NNS	" You don 't need goggles but it helps .
tr	NN	Not only had I inherited Topsy with three of my aircraft , I had also inherited his barbeque .
tr	NNS	" Okay , so you recorded yourselves ' passing out ' at the same time ; what 's that supposed to prove ? "
tr	NNS	And he can probably get the other two stations to give us the same courtesy . "
tr	NNS	Time carried no linear restrictions for Ship .
tr	NNS	We 'll unwind the spells , get them ready for release . "
tr	NN	I fight the compulsion to shut my eyes and breathe in her scent , instead waving her off .
tr	NN	I 've met my quota on lying for the month . "
tr	NN	Confirming this , the huntress let out a low moan .
tr	NN	Gray had also splashed paint on their clothes .
tr	NN	Barker 's deception and perversions would try the faith of the whole congregation .
tr	NNS	" A fire would keep wolves away . "
tr	NNS	My alarm clock is flashing big bold red numbers at me , so the power 's back on .
tr	NN	As they went everything was getting weirder and the natural lighting of the tunnel was getting fainter and fainter .
tr	NNS	No walls separated the floors , only a crusty grate and broken set of rails .
tr	NN	No sooner had our waiter left when I asked , " Why did you cheat on me ? "
tr	NN	Thank goodness he was in Charlotte .
tr	NN	Dad demanded , a black pistol in his hand .
tr	NNS	A recent satellite image shows vast areas of North Korea blackened , or still on fire .
tr	NN	Amjad let out a spectacular snort at her tagging the king 's hail of " may you live long " to her irreverence .
tr	NN	He should have followed the younger generation 's advice ( namely Ruslan ) and settle the matter with Peter by mental influence .
tr	NN	Once we finished our business , then I 'd make my speech .
tr	NNS	I made assumptions about you , and about Thomas .
tr	NN	You don 't want your precious trust fund cut off , now , do you ? "
tr	NNS	I grew tits and reached the age of consent , but you were never going to treat me as a woman who deserved a say . "
tr	NN	They had only took custody of her for the large sum of money that they would be endowed with yearly .
tr	NNS	She massaged her temples , willing away the tension headache building .
tr	NN	She had a mysterious , ethereal quality to her .
tr	NN	" Who gave you my password ? "
tr	NNS	With great characters and an amazingly action-packed plot , this steampunk adventure has all the elements for success .
tr	NN	The other clubs will have this option as well . "
tr	NN	Anticipating his request , Nurse Edwards handed him the instrument immediately .
tr	NN	Bloodhound aimed his rifle at Richard 's head , but Skulls grabbed it by the barrel and pulled it back .
tr	NN	Kate didn 't have the patience for her this morning .
tr	NNS	The market opens down 300 points and continues to drop .
tr	NN	" The demon will catch the fish , like it caught the other . "
tr	NNS	We grabbed our backpacks that we all had prepared earlier .
tr	NN	Lily wore a white cotton nightgown with small pleats across the bodice , which made her look youthful , even fragile .
tr	NN	She spun her fork in a slow , thoughtful circle .
tr	NNS	Selena felt the knots in her stomach tightening .
tr	NNS	" I 've got some chores to be doing round the house .
tr	NN	Instinctively , she pressed her spine closer to the mountain wall , blade tucked out of sight but ready .
tr	NNS	She had cameras , and you got your picture taken .
tr	NN	But , more than that , he radiated a charisma that was nearly palpable .
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths to get control of his racing heart and flexed his hands .
tr	NNS	" You mean Venetian blinds . "
tr	NN	He 'd promised his Mother that he would look out for him .
tr	NNS	" Four dollars . "
tr	NN	Tossing my phone in my purse , I pull down the visor and check my makeup .
tr	NNS	They disallowed any television cameras anywhere near the actual crime scene and didn 't release any compromising details .
tr	NN	' What I do now will colour the scene , give the impression I want .
tr	NN	He took a strand in his fingers as he spoke .
tr	NNS	When I arrived , he had already ordered our meals and was searching for a plastic molded table to sit at .
tr	NNS	He always took the weekends off .
tr	NNS	But she has these small fangs and her fingernails were more like ... claws .
tr	NNS	He heard splashes behind him and realized his cop companion was a step away .
tr	NNS	Just take deep breaths and try to relax .
tr	NNS	The Librarian bared some small fangs as Ponder unwound the string . '
tr	NNS	I know all sorts of words after living with those people .
tr	NN	I let out a sharp moan .
tr	NNS	" But the ripper uses her powers for good . "
tr	NNS	She had nightmares often .
tr	NNS	When she came back she held candles that she lit and put on the narrow coffee table .
tr	NNS	" Will you be building any houses ? "
tr	NNS	" She knows the chances of that . "
tr	NN	' Should I make the announcement ? '
tr	NNS	I thrum my fingernails on the counter .
tr	NNS	The music video had millions of hits on Youtube alone , not to mention the people who did parodies or their own flash mobs to it .
tr	NN	The idea of an entire ocean being little more than a puddle on the surface of a giant craft made her dizzy again .
tr	NNS	She did her chores , went to mass every day , and prayed before she retired to bed .
tr	NN	And , " I paused and caught my breath , " I left a scale in the implement building .
tr	NNS	I was carrying two knives , one in either hand .
tr	NN	Nick tossed his razor over his shoulder and hustled after Kelly up the steps .
tr	NNS	I could see the first high clouds from the coming front .
tr	NN	I turned the knob on the door and entered the room .
tr	NN	She unscrewed the cap from the bottle and poured it out between the boards .
tr	NNS	He had no doubts that dual standards would be the legacy of such ill-considered policy .
tr	NN	Within minutes of struggling through this endlessly updating data stream , I miss the clarity and simplicity of my physical labor back in Kenya .
tr	NN	She giggled , a happy ripple of sound that made him happier than he could ever remember being .
tr	NNS	When traveling , I stowed the panels on the roof .
tr	NNS	She downed six shots of tequila , grabbed Mason 's hand , and went to the dance floor .
tr	NN	He exhaled a slow groan and weighed the possibilities .
tr	NNS	His vocabulary very often outdid the older students and even the adults .
tr	NN	Sighing , Tom gave her hand a squeeze , then let go .
tr	NNS	When I first saw those triangles , I thought pyramids .
tr	NN	She also ' rented ' the cart again from Mr. Crawford .
tr	NN	So , I woke up bleary-eyed , sporting a massive headache that was probably equal parts hangover and sleep deprivation .
tr	NN	Back inside the shop , Raja pumped the clerk for any information he had .
tr	NN	" You make your deadline ? "
tr	NN	Should I change my Facebook status from ' it 's complicated ' to ' in a relationship ' ? "
tr	NN	If she survived the meeting , the Warlord would bring up the basket .
tr	NNS	He didn 't separate the knives into steak versus regular .
tr	NNS	Without his insightful conversations as they walked the battlements .
tr	NN	Penny a cabbage ! "
tr	NN	I loved that whip .
tr	NN	" You had cancer ? "
tr	NN	But he remembered the neighborhood .
tr	NN	I got the impression he was needed elsewhere .
tr	NNS	" I have visited many lands and witnessed the ways of the people in all of them .
tr	NNS	He has a lot of coins riding on you , he didn 't want any distractions . "
tr	NNS	Stop your propaganda campaigns . "
tr	NNS	I had my babies .
tr	NN	Ridley twisted a pink strand between her fingers nervously .
tr	NNS	He passed three houses before she spoke again .
tr	NNS	His bare legs would only have attracted the tiny , glowing bugs that whizzed above his head .
tr	NN	That brings a new chasm of suffering -- no body means no funeral , no grave to visit , nothing physical to be my brother after death .
tr	NNS	He noticed some other photographs on the fireplace mantel , turned to examine them and froze .
tr	NNS	He had put his companions in a desperate situation that had threatened their lives .
tr	NN	The elevator at last gave a subtle shudder as it slowed , the metal doors sliding open .
tr	NN	Serge held his fury in check , but only with great effort .
tr	NNS	You were watching the tapes ?
tr	NNS	My sister never did drugs in her life .
tr	NN	Give me some credit .
tr	NN	' Looks like a prairie of some kind first , ' I say , ' but we 'll probably overshoot that . '
tr	NN	Brother George carefully observed the landscape .
tr	NNS	I have no doubts whatsoever in my having chosen him over the two people who I had thought were my best friends .
tr	NNS	She lost her sisters during the attack .
tr	NNS	" Man 's got funny birds on his tie . "
tr	NN	" That leaves one option . "
tr	NNS	I grabbed the floral sundress .
tr	NN	" Did you notice the statue ? "
tr	NN	They demanded proof of Jackson 's claim .
tr	NN	She felt an obligation to take care of her uncle at all cost , but didn 't want to bury her dreams .
tr	NN	Daemon swallowed the lump in his throat .
tr	NN	Amy grabbed her handbag and scooted after him .
tr	NN	It also mapped the coordinates of every known gateway constructed by Spades and Quinn 's men alike , along with their corresponding destination in Aria .
tr	NNS	It only required a few ingredients , an incantation , and focusing my energy .
tr	NN	" Nine inches , " said Logan 's assistant .
tr	NN	He retrieves a pencil and paper from the drawer and starts sketching while the dead girl just stares at me .
tr	NNS	He performed a few lithe movements , swinging his arms in circles .
tr	NNS	We have built up our numbers larger than our foes could anticipate . "
tr	NNS	She retracts her own scales ; all of them , and feels the cold of the ocean seeping between her toes .
tr	NN	Drop the protocol down a few notches .
tr	NN	Come with me , ' said the sergeant .
tr	NN	By the time they settled the details of the policy coverage , Christophe had worn down her resistance .
tr	NNS	She touched her temples .
tr	NNS	We held our breaths as that bottle slowed and its tip stopped in front of Jason .
tr	NN	He pushed a strand of my hair from my face , and then fisted his hand in the mass of it behind my head .
tr	NN	I held back a growl , if I hadn 't fed on Loria before coming here , this manager ?
tr	NN	I found a rag and wiped down the table .
tr	NN	Punched out my friend Bat .
tr	NN	She felt the sensation of spiders crawling over her skin .
tr	NN	We canceled our appointment with the clinic and started plotting .
tr	NNS	" I 'll bring the dogs when I bring the appetizers so you don 't worry , okay ? "
tr	NNS	Then Brenda shooed all her sons out , who finally left after putting up a big fight .
tr	NN	I contemplated revenge against Seraphina , but I couldn 't think of anything legal .
tr	NN	They plotted revenge , their vision of the King 's final demise becoming more gruesome with each warm spring day .
tr	NN	It put a huge responsibility on the museums that held them and the security became state of the art .
tr	NNS	Behind him , Ian clashed blades with his attacker .
tr	NN	" Have they issued a warrant for Caroline yet ? "
tr	NN	" Vampire grandpa to my Sonia 's children . "
tr	NNS	At least give me the funds to travel there , to see justice done . "
tr	NN	I heard a low moan .
tr	NN	It didn 't have any hay in it .
tr	NN	He wound a strand of my hair around his finger .
tr	NN	Melissa laid down her fork .
tr	NN	" I seek a midwife .
tr	NNS	Physical contact always strengthened abilities .
tr	NNS	" Thank heavens you 're here .
tr	NNS	It pretty much followed the waters of the Arkansas River as it took them through Walnut and right up to the front gates of Fort Atkinson .
tr	NN	In particular he feared the real possibility of a rupture in the road .
tr	NN	Neither did the president .
tr	NNS	Table of Contents Blood Falls The following was found written in pencil in a small snow cave 70 yards from the Blood Falls base camp in Antarctica .
tr	NN	He 'd seen no woman hurrying across the dark platform , no form of Ainsley rushing for the last train from Doncaster .
tr	NNS	Let 's check the other areas of the ship . "
tr	NNS	They do not want our lands , they do not want these walls , they do not want food , water or shelter .
tr	NNS	" Make a note : I want the floors done by Wednesday .
tr	NNS	Once she left for her room , I put the vegetables away .
tr	NNS	Tell Conrad your troubles . "
tr	NNS	Alisha pulled Jess up by the hand .
tr	NNS	Ash could see the silhouettes of Hak ' i approaching their cell .
tr	NNS	Panthers didn 't raise babies - their own or anybody else 's - which was obvious from the mess he was making of it .
tr	NNS	I will be patrolling the corridors , assuaging fears and so forth . "
tr	NN	He rushed the trench and jumped into it .
tr	NNS	While Vanessa is at work , I run a few errands around Richmond .
tr	NN	He made a convincing argument .
tr	NNS	The Ski-Doo took another few bounces , then came to a rest .
tr	NN	Zach watched her unmoving in awful shadow , the voice out of the cloud now silent .
tr	NNS	Something about him gives me the creeps .
tr	NNS	Maybe I misinterpreted those visions , and she 's the girl I 'll forever be fantasizing about .
tr	NN	I could take responsibility .
tr	NN	Opening a drawer , he removed an electronic wine opener .
tr	NN	The canine profession suited Nina perfectly , as did doll restoration for her mother .
tr	NNS	Eric pressed his thumbs to the corners of her mouth , opening her to him .
tr	NNS	Denny had gotten directions on the way over and we easily found Pete 's bar .
tr	NN	Instantly she regretted her outburst .
tr	NNS	He saw her strengths and yes , her flaws , too .
tr	NNS	Now turn your palms upward . "
tr	NNS	Laura and Reuben cooked all meals together , and did the errands together .
tr	NNS	Their enthusiastic outburst sparked other reactions .
tr	NNS	As you know , sometimes our stories don 't have happy endings .
tr	NN	I couldn 't recall Millicent 's personality in our past lives .
tr	NNS	" It 's raining bombs out there , though .
tr	NN	He 'd seen the shine of tears in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Nan got the awards .
tr	NNS	Don 't confuse fairy queens with fairy princesses .
tr	NN	" Ladies and Gentlemen of the council , you have heard one version of the events that transpired today .
tr	NNS	The Wildcats only scored twelve points .
tr	NNS	Throughout history there have been scattered reports of bodies disappearing in the same manner after being killed by unknown attackers . "
tr	NNS	Grabbing some cheese , ham , and pickles from the leftovers , he made up several sandwiches and headed back up to bed .
tr	NN	Eve had a handful of what looked like darts - regulation darts , the kind you threw at a target in a bar .
tr	NNS	He saw visions that he could not understand in a vast land of fire and smoke .
tr	NN	I punched my pillow and it barely made an indent .
tr	NNS	" You 're not calling the shots here , Jack .
tr	NNS	Each luxury item costs additional job points per month .
tr	NN	Emeline 's heart gave a wild , joyous leap , entirely outside of her control .
tr	NNS	They gave him some antibiotics for a couple of welts that were showing signs of infection . "
tr	NN	Lyall continued his questioning .
tr	NN	Small buttons lined the creamy white plastic , some with little pictures .
tr	NNS	Her brother gathered his wits , squared his shoulders .
tr	NN	" Don 't buy me any more chocolate . "
tr	NN	Antonio even had the Spanish version of Dracula .
tr	NN	The President opened his small refrigerator under his desk and retrieved an icy cold can of coke for Agent Harris .
tr	NNS	As she entered the tiny train station , she surveyed her surroundings .
tr	NN	The captain took off her helm .
tr	NN	Jamie resisted the urge to weep .
tr	NN	We 've got the last stretch of filming left , then it 's editing and then , argh , the final screening .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down my spine , and I tried to push Scotia 's hand away .
tr	NNS	Yesterday morning Lane offered me a million bucks .
tr	NNS	His wife checked the figures , with a hope that he had miscalculated .
tr	NN	The Inspector drew his lightning pistol , and blasted the obstinate robot .
tr	NNS	In fact they 'd had several long discussions about how much they valued their right to privacy , which was often under siege .
tr	NN	Nay , no man would ever lay claim to her in the way that Alaric McCabe had .
tr	NN	" Can I put a steak on it like they do in the movies ? "
tr	NN	He awkwardly gave her a pat on the back and said , " You know what would help , Rena ?
tr	NNS	In the beam of light I could see layers of dust on the tables and motes floating in the air - a room that was rarely used .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have tempting offers .
tr	NNS	" Bed bugs . "
tr	NNS	He held all the cards now .
tr	NNS	He could still hear the other members of the household moving about , preparing for bed .
tr	NN	The nightstand had a digital alarm clock on it , the numbers flashing .
tr	NNS	Despite the annoyance at myself for kissing him , I couldn 't help the instantaneous butterflies in my stomach .
tr	NN	But I 've always had faith in God .
tr	NN	As he spoke , he waved his horn of mead .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes into darkness .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , but that 's not what I 'm saying .
tr	NNS	Max bared his fangs .
tr	NNS	She 'd probably have nightmares about him for weeks .
tr	NNS	Dante grabs chairs and practically anything he can find and hurls them at our aggressors .
tr	NN	A carved wooden elephant .
tr	NN	She had a bright , sunny personality , and she was a joy to be around .
tr	NNS	she yells , just inches from his face .
tr	NN	Eva handed Lexi a wad of toilet paper .
tr	NN	" This is called payback . "
tr	NNS	We don 't need any more surprises . "
tr	NNS	They shouldn 't cost more than twenty bucks .
tr	NN	Russ sees a psychologist twice a week .
tr	NN	She tested the sharpness of the blade , satisfied when the hair she brushed across fell neatly into two .
tr	NN	I 've already tested the height against Isaac .
tr	NN	He could feel his iPhone throbbing in his coat pocket , but he ignored it .
tr	NN	' So there I was , loitering with intent by the frozen peas , when all of a sudden I spotted this sign in the distance .
tr	NN	The idea of being seen on the streets of Davenport , Iowa , terrified Rick , and he let out a soft groan .
tr	NNS	We walked in silence a few blocks , then stopped at a hybrid sedan .
tr	NNS	Cory gave a quick thumbs up , then shuffled between the posts .
tr	NN	So a few hours before the live broadcast , I called the producer and asked if everything was still on schedule .
tr	NNS	" But -- but you 're impersonating Seekers !
tr	NN	If I could draw blood , then maybe the fury trying to claw its way out of me would have some release .
tr	NNS	Nicholas made quick check marks .
tr	NN	Rico felt the tease of adrenaline in his belly .
tr	NN	I dug out a green sash and tied it on like a belt .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any large issues I 'm dealing with , but I still want to see it .
tr	NN	He snatched a doughnut then and Mona saw the gleam of his wedding ring before he strode toward April 's room .
tr	NN	He demanded complete reverence , and he got it through intimidation and cruelty .
tr	NNS	Days after that three men from the East came , Persian magi who offered him gifts .
tr	NNS	One was still crouched over the carcass of the abby Ethan had just shot , whimpering .
tr	NNS	But around the same time , they 'd taken key syndicate members around Manhattan .
tr	NN	The friends thanked the producer sincerely for their on-air experience , but the man replied gaily , " Thank you !
tr	NN	But what the boys found most amazing was that in front of each building stood a children 's playground .
tr	NNS	I bring the cups to the table .
tr	NN	And then I felt the tingling sensation over my lips , soft and fragile as the wings of a butterfly , but a kiss none the less .
tr	NNS	You must consider the best interests of your queen . "
tr	NNS	I have two sisters .
tr	NNS	They prepared ships and waited for this eventuality .
tr	NN	Whose wagon is this ? "
tr	NN	You never replace the battery . "
tr	NN	I 'd put a good chunk of my magic into it , and so had she .
tr	NNS	I feel his hardness as he grinds against my butt .
tr	NN	She gulped down the delicious , rich liquid , moaning at the taste , at his ministrations .
tr	NN	With that comes a great responsibility not to abuse it .
tr	NN	I have a two-year itch to scratch .
tr	NNS	" I 'll have nightmares . "
tr	NNS	At five foot eight , Charles wore custom tailored suits and a power hairstyle that exuded the image he liked people to see .
tr	NN	He wore no helm , and it was clear that part of his face had been charred .
tr	NN	Or I can call the nurse ... " I shake my head immediately , rushing to grab the shorts .
tr	NNS	The Enemy was using Third Degree methods .
tr	NNS	So why not shove all the Shifters into one ?
tr	NN	I rewound the video back .
tr	NN	She found a wary respect in his eyes .
tr	NN	We need his factory . "
tr	NNS	But she wants all the pages evenly distributed to get it done quicker . "
tr	NN	" Have anybody in mind ? "
tr	NN	She spoiled the effect by pleading , " Can I keep him ? "
tr	NNS	Not when they had been younger , after they played tricks on her , and not even now .
tr	NN	He took a step nearer and she could see his eyes trying to read her expression in the moonlight .
tr	NNS	They switched foods and as Parker started to pick up a chip , she started to see black .
tr	NN	This , of course , had the desired effect as Briar was quickly flogged across the head with a rumpled blanket .
tr	NNS	If it wasn 't possible to engage stray enemy vessels , of course .
tr	NNS	On her return , Zoe had promised herself no more lies between herself and her twin .
tr	NNS	I heard noises and saw lights not in the big house but coming from that low museum building to the back .
tr	NNS	I , for one , do not relish crumbs on my linens . "
tr	NNS	Alice Catherine Carter has asserted her rights under the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 to be identified as the author of this work .
tr	NNS	They 'd planned the first two additions to their family .
tr	NN	She tops off her speech with a toothy grin , and I almost expect her teeth to sparkle under the fluorescent lighting .
tr	NN	When Sage looked up , Pat had his pistol in the belly of the other man .
tr	NN	I 'll find her a good criminal attorney and that will be the end of it .
tr	NN	She could still feel the impression of the rough bark along her spine , and she loved it .
tr	NN	She tilted the candle to apply the flame to a leaf on his arm .
tr	NNS	He folded the contracts into his jacket before leading the way out .
tr	NN	With our father 's aid he made a breakthrough which allowed them to be cloned from a combination of dinosaur cells . "
tr	NNS	I have some leads . "
tr	NNS	Gray had already taken measures and disabled the truck 's GPS unit , fearing that was how the Russians had tracked them from Delhi .
tr	NN	Grace , one of the scientists , is determining the coordinates for the drop point of the first deer on Tiger Island .
tr	NN	He skimmed his knuckles down her cheek .
tr	NNS	Now back in his room after eating the salmon , Aston 's hands ease up my thighs and his thumbs brush along the inner side .
tr	NN	" What cube would this be , commander ? "
tr	NN	His words had the desired effect .
tr	NN	Protein , just like the paste .
tr	NN	He picked up his fork and hovered it over his plate .
tr	NN	He prompted some input from her .
tr	NNS	Fathers killed their own sons , all in the pursuit of greater power , all in the name of magic . "
tr	NNS	I finished my assignments and had lunch .
tr	NN	Maybe they would give us a good rate to feature their wines .
tr	NNS	" I wiped out our tracks .
tr	NNS	A burst of wind rattled the chairs and the desk , and then there was nothing .
tr	NN	He 'd still be making every woman 's heart flutter .
tr	NNS	For now you must focus your efforts elsewhere .
tr	NNS	Tara took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	Such discoveries would fulfill the quest for a western route to the Orient that Columbus had searched for .
tr	NN	" That the defendants won 't get a fair trial . "
tr	NNS	One by one , members entered the booths as if they were voting in a national election .
tr	NNS	She still wore the turquoise sundress from the wedding , but now her blonde hair hung in thick waves skimming her shoulders .
tr	NN	Crossing the bedroom , Ryan opened a drawer and took out a pair of boxers .
tr	NNS	She kept one hand resting on Hayden 's chest as if she needed to steady herself .
tr	NNS	' We want ships , and ships have curved sides .
tr	NN	" Say a prayer for me . "
tr	NNS	" And she 's following the directions of an anonymous note . "
tr	NN	It stopped the mech from giving off a full alarm , quickly disabling it .
tr	NN	I heard a basketball bouncing and I looked over to see a shadowy figure dribble a few more times before jumping from the baseline .
tr	NN	He gave a little shrug .
tr	NNS	You barter your subjects easily !
tr	NN	I gave her anti inflammatory cream for her hands and then went to see an old gentleman next door .
tr	NNS	And we have group hallucinations . " '
tr	NN	The waiter placed my napkin on my lap and handed me a large leather-bound menu as Owen ordered a bottle of wine .
tr	NNS	Nick spent hundreds of dollars on the food and supplies as if it was nothing .
tr	NNS	I feel the heaviness of the hammer disappear from my hand , along with broken pieces scattered over the sand .
tr	NN	Do you have any advice for aspiring writers ?
tr	NNS	Yes , damn drafty hallways .
tr	NNS	She said your activities with Aiden had compromised you and that we shouldn 't take you back .
tr	NN	" We were given a glimpse either into the past , or into an alternate dimension , whatever that means and wherever that is .
tr	NNS	Or should I just make the noises for you so you really get the picture ? "
tr	NN	Her radiant face had the severity of a person of power and experience , a person who measures time in centuries and expects to never die .
tr	NNS	He slipped out many scrolls from behind him and spread a complex diagram of a semiautomatic rifle before them .
tr	NNS	Noah swings around me .
tr	NNS	The simple touch stirred fires in him , stoking embers he 'd thought had long ago turned to ash .
tr	NN	The Japanese bankers were studying the investment proposal , fighting to stay awake .
tr	NNS	Witches couldn 't light candles , Vampires couldn 't intimidate , Werewolves couldn 't transform and Ghosts couldn 't appear .
tr	NNS	Because they do not deserve our punishments . "
tr	NN	He put the receiver back in the cradle .
tr	NN	To my surprise , I felt a very muted version of the jolt I got from Rigel 's touch .
tr	NN	The same monotonous movements can lull the opponent to sleep .
tr	NNS	He handed the cubs to Dougal .
tr	NN	My aunt holds the distinction of being the first female cop in the family .
tr	NN	Francesca slid the wire she 'd put on the table to one side .
tr	NN	As interest waned from other bidders she shouted out her final bid of $ 400 and squealed with excitement as hers was proclaimed the final winning bid .
tr	NNS	How often do we hear our hearts and stop to appreciate the fact that it 's been beating solid , strong , for our entire lives ?
tr	NN	It was covering her tuition , fees , books , rent , and food .
tr	NNS	He swallowed bitter grief .
tr	NNS	I 'd take off his balls and choke him on them . "
tr	NNS	But since my legs don 't work , they 're postponing the physical activities until I 'm able to walk .
tr	NN	He gave me a sympathetic pat on the back .
tr	NNS	The food and tea was doing wonders to help calm her nerves .
tr	NN	You should see the instrument on his arm , not only can they hear each other , but they can their faces also ? "
tr	NNS	Laurent stood a few yards away in khaki trousers and a black polo shirt , holding Nicole 's pony .
tr	NNS	The action of bending forward brought her buttocks in direct contact with Byron 's body .
tr	NN	I swallowed back the lump forming in my throat .
tr	NN	" Can we develop an immunity ?
tr	NNS	She made muffled noises through the plastic strip covering her mouth as she tried to ask them what they were going to do to her .
tr	NNS	And the wife doesn 't have the brains to hire a pool boy , let alone a hitter . "
tr	NN	Outside , David could hear the faint thrumming of a helicopter flying closer .
tr	NN	" May I suggest another option for you ? "
tr	NN	Her fingers grasped a middle row of the bookshelf , and she set her feet on the bottom row and started to climb .
tr	NN	Dressed to kill , once again , Vero was cutting a dash in a pencil skirt and a crisp , cream blouse .
tr	NN	Within a couple of more hours of walking they found the correct path south on I-75 and had managed to avoid any problems .
tr	NNS	If it all worked out , we 'd have our families on our side and a happily ever after .
tr	NN	My brother runs the establishment .
tr	NN	Everything had a sharp , more than real quality , and there was something strange in me , an excitement , an exhilaration .
tr	NN	Tanner thumped his old classmate on the back .
tr	NNS	Cari can hear your prayers , Felix .
tr	NNS	We had formal dances at the Compound twice a year .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want any servants coming in here without my knowledge . "
tr	NNS	" I saw the tapes and even had the grave dug up , both of them are dead , I 'm sure of it . "
tr	NN	Residents of their little town valued privacy .
tr	NN	" So you are taking the assumption that he was indeed the target ? "
tr	NN	She tightened the covering over her face .
tr	NN	When he came near the giant hill he already saw the goblin from afar sitting on one of the stones at the dwarf hole .
tr	NNS	Yet it also showed the desperate actions that man would take against the other , in order to stop one having more power .
tr	NN	I pulled the cock out of me and slid it back in with another gasp .
tr	NNS	I chew up criminals for a living . " "
tr	NN	She had the urbanite 's distaste for guns and violence , but the thought of living on a remote mountain put things in a different light .
tr	NNS	" Other than the fact I just spewed out two gods like a drunk college chick ?
tr	NNS	Tonight I shall sing and weave tales from the ancient Old Chronicles .
tr	NN	Before Eleanor could stop herself , she grasped the hem of the kilt and inched it upward until it bared his thighs .
tr	NNS	Maybe get some interviews about her .
tr	NNS	" Any new developments ? "
tr	NN	This , combined with the almost unnatural perfection of his teeth , gave Jane a disagreeable impression .
tr	NNS	She didn 't see what she hoped she would , though -- any specifics about what would become of the money once it was collected .
tr	NN	They didn 't need a large airport .
tr	NNS	She also had money and drug issues , but she 'd never sell Esme for a fix .
tr	NNS	I concealed the freckles on the bridge of my nose , and finally dabbed on some pink lip gloss .
tr	NN	I could hear her pacing the floors upstairs all night .
tr	NNS	He made trips to New York , Washington DC , sometimes Baltimore .
tr	NN	I give her credit .
tr	NNS	" Stop spirit , you stop the depression and ... other things .
tr	NN	Kelly 's family enjoyed a holiday brunch and exchanged gifts .
tr	NNS	How could she hang three stockings on the mantel ?
tr	NN	Though he knew that they would not hurt her , he couldn 't shake the insane urge to protect her from them .
tr	NN	Then he pulled her nipple into his mouth and sucked strongly at the tip .
tr	NN	She lifted the material over her head and tossed it aside , leaving her in a white tank , bra and jeans .
tr	NNS	He would have had no doubts which party to support : he would have fought for the King .
tr	NN	Each ring watered his sorrow .
tr	NNS	Over the next few hours I will be dealing out assignments , although these may change based on necessity or health of individual team members .
tr	NNS	" Good and evil hang their uniforms at the door . "
tr	NN	" You could make a fortune on that bet . "
tr	NN	He was wearing a bright orange cap and held a shotgun in the crook of his arm .
tr	NN	They were all awaiting trial .
tr	NNS	' No , but we found the remains of the previous year 's expedition . '
tr	NN	he asked the Healer when he had calmed down enough to talk again .
tr	NN	You could appear and make a speech , and we could have people in the crowd registering them to vote , too . "
tr	NN	I was riding my bicycle through town , licking strawberry ice cream off my wrist .
tr	NN	Tremors fall down my spine , and he reaches around to slot his key into the door , breaking the kiss .
tr	NN	I slapped his pizza out of his hand .
tr	NNS	Still , one must tolerate occasional fits of irrational passion from one 's wife .
tr	NN	We ordered a pizza to share , neither of us hesitating to dig in as soon as it was served .
tr	NN	He pulled out his pistol and held it at the ready , while his partner aimed his shotgun towards the sitting man .
tr	NNS	" Butch and Bobby do farm chores , right , Eugene ? "
tr	NNS	Most importantly , I 've got their explosives .
tr	NNS	" We have methods for dealing with such forms when we wish to solve for unknowns . "
tr	NN	He pinned that deadly glare on Otto .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , I 'd prepare meals and leave them in the fridge .
tr	NNS	I 'm paying the little twerp five bucks to use his phone and another five to not tell on me . "
tr	NN	" This body did not possess the same potential , the same aptitudes for magic as my own .
tr	NNS	A couple slaves handed them their packs as they went .
tr	NNS	His robotic movements merely mimicked the motions he had done for so many years .
tr	NN	Routine had saved Thayer 's sanity .
tr	NN	Dr. Hill was losing patience .
tr	NNS	" He left the town 's stores bloated with deer meat and overflowing with furs .
tr	NNS	I remembered slow steady breaths .
tr	NN	Before I realized what he intended , he 'd yanked my turtleneck down .
tr	NNS	" Who brought the sandwiches ? "
tr	NN	He squirted a moat of ketchup around his French fry fortress .
tr	NNS	He 'd raised his palms to the door ?
tr	NN	I was making my getaway in Nixon 's SUV .
tr	NNS	I never heard the birds .
tr	NN	I followed the receptionist into a large room .
tr	NN	He gave me a sad smirk .
tr	NNS	He handed Lara twenty-five dollars .
tr	NNS	Beyond the main thoroughfare , on the secondary and tertiary roads , tiny houses dotted the roads leading out of town .
tr	NN	With a flick of his fingers , he started the ignition , and they left the heavy , stone walls behind them .
tr	NNS	" Want some waffles ? "
tr	NN	She dug her fingernail into the carved ornamentation of the throne .
tr	NNS	Clowns and princesses and knights , their heads round balls with features painted on .
tr	NNS	" Explain your terms .
tr	NNS	I was just bagging apples when my cell phone rang .
tr	NN	Her startled response to the scene in the office kicked up her talent .
tr	NN	He felt a pang of guilt for getting her so drunk .
tr	NNS	For the Reminiscence , the members wear their old uniforms or clothing .
tr	NNS	Laughing , Danielle and Jaimie excitedly show their sisters what they found .
tr	NNS	We can take our helmets off .
tr	NNS	As always she skipped the formalities .
tr	NN	" So , the Spanish introduced the plant to Florida ? "
tr	NNS	He clapped his palms against his thighs .
tr	NN	While they were talking , my sometimes bumbling father had a stroke of pure genius .
tr	NNS	I own hotels , but they 're all boutique hotels .
tr	NNS	Chad changed directions and ran toward the front door .
tr	NNS	She clenched her jaws , squeezed her eyes shut , and pushed .
tr	NN	' Feel the mat beneath your feet , the lengthening of your hip , your fingers pressing together , the warmth in your chest . '
tr	NNS	You do wonders for my self-esteem .
tr	NNS	Sure , we 've faced cold winters and rainy summers , but it 's nothing that ever makes the land stop giving . "
tr	NNS	He held out his palms , " look at me . "
tr	NN	But if we march , we bring Death upon their heads by our own hand . '
tr	NN	You got the antennas strung in the kitchen , too .
tr	NN	" Yes , I like chocolate . "
tr	NN	They must have found the artifact and smelled my intentions .
tr	NN	" Just because you pay too much for something doesn 't mean the rest of us can 't find a bargain . "
tr	NN	At his mention of my grandmother , I felt a heavy shroud of failure descend across my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Her unrealized stroke to his ego warmed his insides and brought a smile to his lips .
tr	NNS	I have connections - " " A fortunate guess , " Marcus said quickly .
tr	NNS	Their government held its citizens under lock and key .
tr	NN	Even though no irreparable damage was done , the watchmen took very conscientious attitude to their work .
tr	NNS	He of all of them needed regular meals .
tr	NN	Mike glanced at Jason , shooting his cousin a stern glare .
tr	NNS	I enjoyed expensive restaurants , but I tended not to indulge too often .
tr	NNS	She put her supplies away and grabbed a tiny , round rod .
tr	NNS	Play your cruel little jokes on someone else .
tr	NNS	Lucien loosed the reins gradually , letting the horses walk , jog , canter , run , without jolting his passengers from the wagon .
tr	NNS	" You 've been having these dizzy spells off and on since we met .
tr	NN	I counted out a small wad of talents and handed them to her .
tr	NNS	Not even Julie would abandon her babies to run off with a lover .
tr	NN	I spotted the glinting dagger lying on the ground near the edge of the roof , where I 'd stood only minutes before .
tr	NN	Eve fought the urge to lick him like a Popsicle .
tr	NNS	The attack caused the leaders in America to launch nuclear weapons in retaliation , destroying much of the world .
tr	NN	Tanya says , " On the contrary .
tr	NNS	They put their discoveries to use .
tr	NNS	Chapter 14 Decisions Meagan and Ali threw the backpacks onto their shoulders and then squatted to lift the front of the stretcher .
tr	NN	Someone pushed a mixed cocktail in her hand and she was almost afraid to try it .
tr	NNS	Seeing Smith at one of their shows brought fears of sabotage .
tr	NN	She slammed down the receiver and did a quick phone search on the Internet .
tr	NNS	The girl immediately pointed out a few racks of chocolates .
tr	NNS	He always had solid arguments that made his proposals sound attractive and intelligent .
tr	NN	They sat unmoving , with legs crossed and hands neatly folded in their laps , like they had done this plenty of times before .
tr	NN	He took Eurydice 's debt .
tr	NNS	I don 't want my babies born in a flurry of political scandal and tabloid gossip .
tr	NN	I finished my third slice of pizza , and the three of us headed out to shoot some hoops .
tr	NN	Straining for breath , he stumbled clumsily out of the room .
tr	NNS	" Ruth , stop your tricks .
tr	NNS	Nobody has little arguments with Nora .
tr	NNS	Imagine armies sweeping in and devastating your land .
tr	NN	Beneath the tree I found the slight indentation of a bare foot in the dirt Then another and another , leading deeper into the swamp .
tr	NNS	" I just really hate needles . "
tr	NNS	We exchanged numbers , and Jake saw me off in a taxi .
tr	NN	" Let 's just show a little patience .
tr	NN	" She never hurt anybody . "
tr	NN	she asked , a nervous hitch in her voice .
tr	NN	Then he let out a shout that sent her laughing just as he scooped her into his arms again .
tr	NNS	Actually he has cameras all over this building too . "
tr	NN	Yawning , she opened her refrigerator as her messages began to play .
tr	NN	I picked up my backpack that carried my camera and my laptop .
tr	NN	I could feel the affection in her touch as she slowly slid her hands down my chest and over my stomach .
tr	NNS	What little I could see of her face , my poor sister was playing the scenarios in her head and quickly deduced that she couldn 't win .
tr	NNS	You could use your demon powers .
tr	NN	You get my meaning ? "
tr	NNS	" Then why are you damning the beaches ? "
tr	NNS	" You kids enjoy yourselves and remember , kill them before you kill each other . "
tr	NNS	" Perhaps I put down the wrong numbers , or misspelled a name . "
tr	NN	They don 't have a powerful patron like Queen Helen to champion them .
tr	NNS	Sarah placed two plates of food , some silverware , and two cups of coffee on it .
tr	NN	He could resist the lure of the flesh ; his c * ck did not rule his head .
tr	NN	Without a word she placed a dagger under a pillow on the bed and one on the nightstand .
tr	NN	You are looking unwell , Rachel .
tr	NN	I feel the craft wanting to go closer .
tr	NN	Another giant chimpanzee had entered the aircraft , climbing in through the opening created by the missing tail section .
tr	NNS	But now the state of Georgia required all workers to take random drug screens .
tr	NN	She hugged her cotton hospital gown closer .
tr	NNS	" Well , then we can offer sleigh rides . "
tr	NNS	" Just a few clients .
tr	NNS	He shoved their plates across the counter with a loud screech .
tr	NNS	I bought scones from the store that were rock hard by the time of the interview .
tr	NNS	I 've been alone , made my own decisions all these long centuries .
tr	NNS	" Tell me something , " she said , her face inches from his .
tr	NNS	" I ate some peanuts about half an hour before we met .
tr	NNS	Autumn Springs even receives some funds from the state .
tr	NN	Patrick felt her building release within seconds of his stroking her .
tr	NN	If you have no objection , of course ? "
tr	NNS	Something large enough to create a disturbance that traveled from the roots to the tips of the uppermost branches annoyed those birds .
tr	NNS	It will hide any awkward silences . "
tr	NN	Jacque Kursk had that faith .
tr	NNS	Raffaele Laurent Bessette Any changes in opinion about her ? "
tr	NNS	I would face the pits of hell to get away from him .
tr	NN	I felt a ridiculous flood of warmth and gratitude at being believed .
tr	NN	A light from the sky descended down from the lower end the hill where my house sat .
tr	NNS	" Name the terms , old man . "
tr	NN	Satisfied , he completed the task and stuffed everything into his saddlebag .
tr	NN	" Quiet neighborhood . "
tr	NNS	" Draw any conclusions ? "
tr	NN	I clutch my belly like mother and rub to calm the demons within .
tr	NN	They reached the pod just as several bolts of electricity came zigzagging down from the sky , striking in blistering explosions all around them .
tr	NN	He placed a bright red block on the floor and swung his head around .
tr	NNS	I sell the photographs back home .
tr	NN	Yet , to her credit , Cherry was making the cash stretch .
tr	NN	He said if my father came by , he would get the wrong impression .
tr	NN	The man is offering me forbidden Ice !
tr	NN	Skyler hugged her uncle .
tr	NN	The crew that stayed behind usually had a trying task in filling their days usefully .
tr	NNS	Meara set three bowls on the table , went back for the toast , then sat .
tr	NNS	He got a heroes greeting back at Red Squadron dorms , and a belated ceremony was arranged for his medal reception .
tr	NNS	With his back still to me , he held his palms up and out as he eased back on his ankles .
tr	NNS	Now , the trouble is escaping the hellish trenches that haunt my dreams .
tr	NNS	" If we knew when to expect him , we could take a few breaks every once in a while .
tr	NN	Vermillion 's nature necessitates some method of remote access , which means everything has to have an electronic override .
tr	NNS	Sara could still remember the reactions doctors had had when she went in for an appointment after leaving her mom .
tr	NN	It swiveled its axe playfully , taunting them .
tr	NN	She did discuss the boss 's last instruction to her .
tr	NN	In her right hand she carried a silver pistol , the one that Marcia had last seen ten years ago in the Throne Room .
tr	NNS	I 'd gotten the SAT registration forms from the guidance counselor a few months back when I 'd planned to sign up .
tr	NNS	" Well that sounds marvellous . "
tr	NNS	He had gauges in his ears , maybe half-inch ones .
tr	NNS	" In all of these ethical , green , local sorts of companies .
tr	NN	A sliver of bone pierced his boot and stabbed his foot , bringing a cry of pain from the trucker .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to pick up my phone and text Reece that very message .
tr	NNS	I needed more data .
tr	NNS	Chased the cobwebs out .
tr	NN	She wore a towel wrapped around her head , and Fat Charlie 's dressing gown , which clung to her damp body .
tr	NNS	He bought their sons , daughters , mothers and fathers .
tr	NNS	He took his meals through an IV bag and spent his waking hours watching daytime soap operas .
tr	NN	They needed her input in the control room now that new plans had been drawn up .
tr	NNS	I have no tricks up my sleeve .
tr	NNS	They exchanged wary stares with the Sentinels on our side as they stepped aside , revealing who stood between them .
tr	NN	It 'd save Madeleine some grief , his sanity , and a ton of money in the long run .
tr	NNS	I study the dimensions .
tr	NN	He kisses my nipple , hard , nipping and tugging in a way that almost instantaneously pushes my body to the edge .
tr	NNS	They will find new leaders , then we will hunt them down , too .
tr	NN	I see my grandmother Nanna .
tr	NNS	If anything happens to me , I would like the tapes to be given to Rose and published too , if possible .
tr	NN	The king cracked his knuckles .
tr	NNS	And we had all these other bands opening for us -- man .
tr	NN	He had no proof ; he was the first to acknowledge that .
tr	NNS	" Not many pages .
tr	NN	They needed his calm efficiency right now .
tr	NN	I pressed the speed dial .
tr	NNS	In honor of her they want your queen 's babes .
tr	NN	Why did people lose faith in their democracy , their political leaders , and allowed one man to seize all the power ?
tr	NNS	I also gave condoms to people who didn 't ask .
tr	NNS	After the ladies had finished with supper , they carried canvas buckets of water from the river and heated the water with hot rocks .
tr	NN	" It gives poetry or madness .
tr	NNS	Lukas smiled slyly , like a fox being asked if he knew what a chicken was .
tr	NNS	HIV positive patients had enough drugs prescribed to them to run a small pharmacy .
tr	NN	Months later , just before the fall of Siren , he finally made his breakthrough .
tr	NNS	He pressed his palms against both sides of his skull and held his head as if it were about to roll off his neck .
tr	NNS	They had now killed two cats and Joshua had no intentions of stopping .
tr	NN	I have faith in you . "
tr	NNS	They had brought backpacks for their personal effects and food rations as well as sleeping rolls .
tr	NNS	We do not possess any magical powers in this kingdom . "
tr	NNS	Why would they give me chocolates but then refuse to have any ?
tr	NN	We have a common goal . "
tr	NNS	" We have been having graphic nightmares , unrealistic fears , constant agitation , confused thinking and depression . "
tr	NNS	" We are testing our possible solutions right this minute .
tr	NN	She didn 't mind the packing at all , as it was an adventure , discovering items she 'd forgotten she even owned .
tr	NNS	He opened his psychic senses , searching until he brushed against the dark power that eclipsed his own .
tr	NNS	There , we 'd made arrangements for my sister to see Dr. Keith Black , one of the finest neurosurgeons in the country .
tr	NN	" Give me more credit than that .
tr	NN	And it heard the hammering .
tr	NN	My knees hit the mat and I quickly wiped a hand across my nose , hoping he hadn 't noticed the blood .
tr	NN	He had done a good chunk of his research and expected to be done early Friday , maybe early enough to get off work before three .
tr	NNS	May I see the fifth floor apartments ? "
tr	NNS	You 'll be ferrying vital supplies from the ports to our gallant lads manning the defences . '
tr	NNS	Using your psychic abilities to rebuild the pathways ? "
tr	NN	He made a silly pout .
tr	NNS	He picked up the two envelopes and headed out the door .
tr	NNS	He felt snakes coiling around his neck , slipping over his shoulder , sliding between the fingers of his hands .
tr	NN	No longer did he feel any compulsion to exact revenge from that quarter .
tr	NN	Till now , I hadn 't mentioned a fee .
tr	NNS	He was wearing the same dark slacks and button-down shirt he 'd donned for the funeral .
tr	NNS	" Well , in that case , I 'm wearing my flip flops too .
tr	NNS	Wood scratches the palms of my hands and something tight grips my wrist .
tr	NNS	" Just give you control ... we have rights too . "
tr	NN	I quickly tore open the package and held up a Warrior # 10 Jersey in my size .
tr	NNS	" Matt 's hitting those tunnels in Chicago tonight .
tr	NNS	She covered her breasts and started to grab the cover underneath her in attempt to hide but Knox moved over her , blocking most of her body .
tr	NNS	You weren 't burning candles or setting off firecrackers ? "
tr	NNS	A few of them spotted the four figures climbing the moonlit pyramid .
tr	NNS	He pictured meetings in drab offices where he and Lily would sit a few feet apart in padded chairs facing a carved mahogany desk .
tr	NNS	I cannot waive my loneliness , my staunch companion .
tr	NNS	The warden feels nauseous .
tr	NNS	She led armies against the Danes , and took back the cities of Leicester and Derby .
tr	NNS	He had some wonderful changes he 'd like to make but also knew the hurdles he 'd have to overcome in order to implement those changes .
tr	NN	His friend had reached the landing now and was lunging toward her , his eyes darting from her to the heap at her feet .
tr	NNS	They will probably have skills that will help better identify who we are looking for . "
tr	NNS	Then people were folding up their lawn chairs , walking away , starting their cars .
tr	NNS	I swelled the ranks of the dead before I joined them .
tr	NNS	" Nothing like bad PR to loosen the purse strings . "
tr	NNS	" Does he really throw clubs ? "
tr	NNS	I could tell her mattress actually looked like a mattress instead of the uncomfortable pallet thing they usually have in hospitals .
tr	NNS	I didn 't want the devils to come for me and the site of losing my whole family still stung me .
tr	NNS	Harvey didn 't volunteer any examples .
tr	NNS	My sister Sheela would have some horrible remarks about your attire .
tr	NN	Just in case anyone in the area had a police scanner .
tr	NN	Pride starched her spine .
tr	NN	He laughed and gave chase , yelling at her from behind , " Cheater . "
tr	NNS	Then she stacked the photographs and slid them back .
tr	NN	She snatched the shoe off her foot .
tr	NN	Her face grew hotter than ever , and Phillip must have noticed , for he said , " Are you feeling quite all right , Victoria ?
tr	NN	cried the company owner .
tr	NNS	She smiled her greetings to him as he entered the structure to stand beside her .
tr	NNS	The five musicians gave us the hairy eyeball or balls since there were five of them .
tr	NNS	If you close the gateway , you are no longer splitting your powers between two worlds .
tr	NN	She drove her own 10-year-old Cadillac .
tr	NN	Those two made a mockery of the notion that men and women couldn 't be just friends .
tr	NNS	She knew movements , times , how the pack guarded camps .
tr	NN	He had studied the hunter , watched it skid on bright sparks .
tr	NNS	I didn 't miss the hardness in the sound .
tr	NN	Three wooden stools littered the room and a strange mat completed the furniture .
tr	NN	The two sensed an affinity .
tr	NN	He made a pretty speech about the tournament to come and the mettle of the men and boys about to compete .
tr	NNS	They would probably have rug burns on them from the fall .
tr	NNS	Aisling announced defiantly " What do you mean ? "
tr	NNS	Too much of a change would raise the suspicions of the humans around me .
tr	NN	She gave it a squeeze and held his gaze .
tr	NN	Put aside thine imperious manner and submit willingly to the task which I must lay upon thee .
tr	NNS	A pang tightened his gums , but he kept his fangs sheathed .
tr	NNS	They wore tight suits with a large power pack strapped to their backs and on their feet they wore spiked shoes to better grip the ground .
tr	NNS	His sexy voice could tear down any woman 's defenses .
tr	NN	The first image had the caption , " Amalia 's best friend , Edda Hartmann . "
tr	NN	What you do with your calling will decide the fate of our kingdom .
tr	NNS	Archie assured the older members .
tr	NNS	Others gape , their mouths hanging open .
tr	NN	" But give me a real example of how you would use less petrol . "
tr	NNS	" Before this gets ugly , " Dagmar easily coasted in , " perhaps we should discuss the tunnels I told you about ? "
tr	NNS	May they exorcise devils and demons . '
tr	NNS	He opened her thighs and stared at her creamy cunt .
tr	NN	He put spin on the ball as he struck it .
tr	NNS	" It will cut the ties he believes he has to me and our marriage .
tr	NN	He shoveled another mouthful of food into his mouth .
tr	NN	On one hand , his heart demanded loyalty to the Crown , while on the other , his head agreed with the logic of Chael 's argument .
tr	NNS	Then use powers to escape . "
tr	NNS	They didn 't have physical restrictions where their daily life was concerned .
tr	NNS	I take a few more breaths and then I reach up and take the knife from her fingers and cut the cord Aaron bound her wrists with .
tr	NN	If you take on this quest you will trim up that hero 's physique within the month . "
tr	NN	He twirled his fork in his clam linguine .
tr	NNS	So I need two mobile numbers , and I will use one new mobiles , pay-as-you-go , each time I phone you . "
tr	NN	Thomas saw the squeezed berry in her palm .
tr	NN	He was gaining new respect for him .
tr	NN	Maybe he felt her attitude , because he slapped her as if she were a matchstick .
tr	NNS	Maybe next time I see you , you 'll be changing diapers and reading bedtime stories . "
tr	NN	They rode another block before Lukas pulled up .
tr	NNS	She had half the positions when the second attack came .
tr	NN	Some loud voices broke my reverie .
tr	NN	I assess our location on the star charts .
tr	NNS	Sirius smiled and set down his utensils .
tr	NN	I found a restroom and a stall .
tr	NNS	He regained his senses as the pain slowly faded .
tr	NN	It curved up a hill .
tr	NNS	It swamped her senses the way the unnamed fear had overtaken her earlier in her father 's cabin .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his palms against his eyes .
tr	NN	I got back to the house around two p.m. I hadn 't attended my last class for the day because of everything that had happened .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take it and two boxes of ammo too , " I pulled my gold coins , enough for the purchase .
tr	NN	Out in the middle of it swam a solitary brown duck .
tr	NN	We joined the throng who , despite the jostling , shoving and snarled insults , paid us little attention .
tr	NN	By the time Sabrina came back in , I had the video cued up to the correct time .
tr	NNS	" My father put up buildings in Edmonton , and Calgary , and Ontario .
tr	NNS	We used our contacts we had made through Shekinah and Binah to call a meeting with our East Coast supporters .
tr	NN	Fate 's attempt at a grin wiped out any credibility his pitch may have had .
tr	NN	Without warning , he jumped off the rooftop , dropping to the street below .
tr	NN	In the meantime the ship had gained altitude and was speeding away towards the West .
tr	NNS	More cables covered the floors .
tr	NN	I put down my fork .
tr	NN	Hiding something so powerful would send her packing , and I 'd lose the only part of my heart that was left .
tr	NN	Dominic 's order contradicted every oath his bodyguards had taken .
tr	NN	Her weight hurt my rib where it had broken , but I didn 't care .
tr	NN	With relish , she sticks the needle in his neck and presses the plunger .
tr	NNS	His eyes are hypnotic pools of ink in the lamplight .
tr	NN	" He 'll want revenge .
tr	NN	I couldn 't penetrate the substance .
tr	NN	I attached my quiver of arrows to mine and was ready to go .
tr	NNS	All around the large dressing room , men paused , half in or out of their Keystone Kop uniforms , cigarettes dangling from lips .
tr	NN	She gripped the basket and held it tight against her body .
tr	NNS	I even assist patients on a horseback ride .
tr	NN	And I didn 't see the harm .
tr	NN	The short sleeves on the tee shirt were rolled up James Dean style allowing me to glimpse his powerfully muscled arms .
tr	NN	Gregor flashed back to a summer several years ago , the farm in Virginia , his grandpa dragging a possum carcass from under the shed .
tr	NNS	" I 've never heard the terms you use for ranks here before . "
tr	NN	No description could take the measure of the woman .
tr	NNS	The Deputy Head of Security led the sisters to the ship 's security headquarters , while they continued to hunt for the bodyguard .
tr	NN	I reach the nurse and grab her arm .
tr	NN	Seth resisted the impulse to start tearing the cocoon apart .
tr	NN	The same difficulty faces every other alternate I considered .
tr	NNS	More droplets showered the clouds , falling like rain to dot the white landscape in red .
tr	NN	His father had included a special prayer for Violet 's safe return when they asked for the Lord 's blessing on their meal .
tr	NNS	' They don 't have titles because life doesn 't have a title . '
tr	NNS	He enjoys cats , hiking , and long walks on the beach at midnight .
tr	NNS	Geese and turkeys hung outside butcher stores in the chilly air .
tr	NN	At these moments they grabbed the rope firmly and closed their eyes .
tr	NNS	" I 've covered all points of departure . "
tr	NNS	He parted her folds with his fingers , then toyed with that button of nerves , a gentle circle that had her mewling .
tr	NNS	Clearly the leader sorely used his fellow members , taking advantage of their youth and exuberance .
tr	NN	Instead , we discussed philosophy .
tr	NN	" I will place compulsion . "
tr	NN	I turned the ignition .
tr	NNS	He loathed both reactions .
tr	NNS	Because now I 'm doubting Dante 's motives .
tr	NNS	They walked several yards away from the stream to give themselves enough of a running start .
tr	NNS	In the predawn darkness , lines of streetlights and trails of headlamps mapped the few roads winding through the park .
tr	NNS	" Is there any chance you could lend me forty bucks ? "
tr	NN	I 'd never held a football before and though my fingers and hand were still small , it felt good resting on my palm .
tr	NN	" We don 't have unlimited ammo , Nick .
tr	NN	My conversation with Corrine had the exact opposite effect on me .
tr	NNS	He pounded small dents into the floor with his cane , but the tears came anyway .
tr	NNS	" Nate , " Trevor said , " since you can 't talk , give the string three hard tugs when you want to come back .
tr	NNS	" It 's not always this busy , but due to certain recent events , we 're doubling our defenses .
tr	NNS	He saw mystical visions trapped by the desert 's heat ; the amber freeing them from its embrace .
tr	NNS	Rather than landing with bone snapping force , I was merely knocked breathless .
tr	NN	He would witness her success or failure .
tr	NNS	They clashed blades , lightning sparked from their collision .
tr	NN	She put the rag in her pocket and exhaled through pursed lips .
tr	NNS	We export gourmet olives . "
tr	NNS	I had the skills for war , but not the stomach for it .
tr	NN	I didn 't have proof , but I had enough to scare him . "
tr	NNS	Go ahead enjoy yourselves .
tr	NN	Anxious to be convinced , Neela accepted the argument .
tr	NNS	" Mandy was taking drugs ? "
tr	NNS	I couldn 't reconcile these two reactions , not yet .
tr	NNS	Jason had enough contacts and friends in town to call in favors and even return a few to get what he wanted .
tr	NN	I could see the twist of a smile playing at the corners of her lips .
tr	NN	She pulled her t-shirt over her head and unclipped her tiger bra exposing her upturned breasts .
tr	NN	Thank goodness for small miracles .
tr	NN	I 'm swearing out a warrant for you . "
tr	NNS	Since then he had paced the hallways .
tr	NN	Yesterday they 'd filmed a handful of montage scenes of Smith 's character , Graham , slowly wooing Tatiana 's character , Jo .
tr	NN	I asked my uncle under my breath .
tr	NNS	Timberlake was refining the hull temperature adjustments , putting the system back into the computer circuits .
tr	NNS	We scooted our chairs behind us and carefully maneuvered around the corners of the table coming face to face and panting in expectation .
tr	NNS	He has his priorities , and right now I 'm not one of them .
tr	NN	Eventually , I left the Church over it .
tr	NNS	They should be having babies and cooking dinner not killing people .
tr	NNS	" Hey , I said no face shots ! "
tr	NN	Emma took the vote .
tr	NN	Irritated by our perseverance in escaping them , the Pure 's ship threw an energy net to block our progress toward freedom .
tr	NNS	He leans the chairs up against the shed and steps toward me .
tr	NNS	After several minutes they found the remains of an old fire .
tr	NN	The thought of Adrien becoming two entities at the same time forced another long moan from between her lips .
tr	NN	He pointed out a framed illustration demonstrating how clothes of the period were worn .
tr	NN	One , the plane will rapidly lose altitude and crash into a row of suburban tract homes just short of the runway .
tr	NNS	I furiously shot birds at the snide green pigs on my screen .
tr	NN	We 'll call it retribution for the assassinations of my parents . "
tr	NNS	Give him your knives . "
tr	NNS	" We lost our bikes for a whole month just for riding without helmets .
tr	NN	He didn 't own a wristwatch , but anybody could count seconds .
tr	NNS	Whatever George is telling you , he has his own interests at heart .
tr	NN	" My newspaper column 's been picked up nationally , " Nolan said , his gaze narrowing on her .
tr	NN	All he could think about doing was landing his knuckles into the man 's angled and leathery chin , but he couldn 't .
tr	NNS	" Come now , Tess . "
tr	NN	He opens the lid to the cigar box and takes out a cigar .
tr	NNS	Quincy tossed his goggles aside .
tr	NNS	She lit a few candles and turned on some music from her MP3 player .
tr	NN	She leaned her hip on the desk to ease her weight off her bad leg .
tr	NNS	" You 've been reading Jenna 's journals ? "
tr	NNS	He was turned out - deposited solitary .
tr	NNS	I was out running errands while Alec was napping and ran across a gargoyle with a rotten sense of humor and a large bladder . "
tr	NNS	She had fears to face .
tr	NNS	I searched the empty roads , the broken buildings , and debris for any signs of life .
tr	NN	Tara flipped another pancake .
tr	NNS	The fridge contained the basics : milk , bread , eggs , and cheese .
tr	NNS	What did she care about two demerit points ?
tr	NN	She had expected the topic , and made her resolve ; but she meant to carry it out , if possible , without exasperating him .
tr	NN	He took out a black neural canister from the inner breast pocket of his suit and set it on the desk .
tr	NN	" And secondly , " he went on , " I didn 't bring protection along because I was sure of myself .
tr	NNS	The map showed few roads and he knew not to count on those that it did show .
tr	NNS	Most of the shelves , however , held non-perishable food items .
tr	NN	We found a pizza vendor and got us three cheese slices .
tr	NN	King Henry crumpled the scroll he had been reading into a ball and threw it to the floor in disgust .
tr	NNS	Without a word , Ian dropped the reins of Hart 's horse and stepped onto the deck of the boat .
tr	NN	I did a suave little twist of my arm until our hands joined .
tr	NNS	" She attacked several members of my team . "
tr	NNS	Don 't get yourselves killed for that kind of bullshit . "
tr	NNS	" Enemy ships behind us ! "
tr	NN	She 'd ordered the gown several weeks ago when she 'd helped prepare Rebecca 's wardrobe .
tr	NNS	She spoke Japanese into a micro headset while she removed several handcuffs and binding chains .
tr	NNS	She had strange powers that they couldn 't quite get a grip on , like the ability to get the beds made and the windows washed .
tr	NNS	Red stains ran down the cliffs running along the ridge upon which the palace stood .
tr	NN	" One of Franklin 's many jobs is maintaining the household plumbing .
tr	NN	The small breakfast nook opened to a large living room with an espresso colored sectional sofa facing a large flat screen TV .
tr	NN	Get outta there ! "
tr	NN	Zev sent him a warning glare .
tr	NNS	The attack on Titan had taken out buildings and landmarks , as well as the extended platform of the central infirmary .
tr	NNS	As it was now all the refugees would be doing is sitting targets to be absorbed into this Red Army .
tr	NNS	His blue eyes held such loneliness in them .
tr	NN	Anna let out a shout , standing abruptly as she covered her mouth .
tr	NN	" Quite the contrary . "
tr	NN	He heard quiet orders flow among the group as they spread through the rows of lockers .
tr	NNS	You have no rights in this matter .
tr	NNS	Aria must have funded those trips to Afghanistan herself , and paid who knew how much cash as bribes and expenses to move those women .
tr	NNS	We parked our bikes near theirs and walked over to them .
tr	NN	He handed Ty a carved white knight .
tr	NNS	" I always pack extras . "
tr	NN	Then he saw a gleam of fresh white on the river .
tr	NNS	He was still murmuring continual apologies under his breath as the hand touched his shoulder again .
tr	NNS	Some have light beige bricks , some , a dark red , and a few are multicolored .
tr	NNS	The creatures had roamed the Earth millions and millions of years ago .
tr	NN	Every new character the boy has met has lost humanity in some way .
tr	NN	He noticed an old garage door opener clipped onto the visor .
tr	NNS	When the necessities of existence reached a certain fierce tempo , they shorted out their own internal connections .
tr	NNS	She didn 't know her own strengths , at least not when they applied to her marking .
tr	NN	If you continue to be so upset , you will leave me no other option than to convert you now and take you with me . "
tr	NN	He pinched the nipple , twisting hard enough to make me cry out .
tr	NN	The guide checks the identification code on the right jamb .
tr	NN	Christian set the menu aside .
tr	NNS	Her father had enough connections that he was able to have her put into a very exclusive mental hospital out of state .
tr	NNS	His vision stopped playing tricks on him .
tr	NNS	, where they put the patients to recover for a few weeks after they leave the hospital . "
tr	NN	They enjoyed their meal immensely , talking about a wide range of subjects from baseball to politics and everything in between .
tr	NN	But for some reason , their warning struck a chord .
tr	NNS	Chloe opened her senses and put her hand on Hector 's back close to where Mountain Man was petting him .
tr	NN	Dominic sent the impression of a smug smirk .
tr	NN	Her hands traveled down my backside as she dug her nails into my back , exciting me more than I already was .
tr	NNS	He broke into my hotel room , found the pages she 'd mailed me ... it made him feel justified . "
tr	NN	Mr. Caliente never , ever offered her a promotion in her 12 years there .
tr	NNS	Sage took the compass in his hand and lightly traced a line on it .
tr	NN	How would they survive the cold , brutal winter that was sure to greet them in November ?
tr	NNS	" Plus , you had three older sisters . "
tr	NN	" Good thing I charged my battery . "
tr	NN	And given the circumstances , we will have only one option . "
tr	NNS	Soon the players were taking practice shots , tossing the ball back and forth to each other .
tr	NNS	Bright waves of fires sped down the wires and it looked like Kya was burning with sunlight streaming down every part of her body .
tr	NN	Kristy removed the veil and they walked hand in hand toward the wedding site .
tr	NNS	" I still have some connections in the fleet .
tr	NN	You couldn 't hold a sensible argument with fifteen hundred years of tradition so he 'd learned to pick his battles and go about his business .
tr	NN	She snagged a whisk off of the hanging rack and started to beat the milk into the eggs .
tr	NN	Confidence reinforced , I licked the crown , then glanced up at him to gauge his reaction .
tr	NN	He drank his Gatorade slowly and without relish .
tr	NNS	" Could I offer you some refreshments ? "
tr	NN	Rob had that effect on me .
tr	NNS	He made little noises under his breath and repeated the same words over and over .
tr	NN	Noah added cream to his coffee .
tr	NN	And with that thought came the same urge .
tr	NNS	" Our babies are having babies ! "
tr	NNS	I usually make biscuits and fried eggs with bacon for Pa and Luke . "
tr	NN	She had sensed a three-dimensional grid forming in her awareness and a probing beam of consciousness focusing into that grid .
tr	NNS	Okay everyone check your pockets and see if you have anything on you . "
tr	NN	He liked that aching sweetness of her comment too much .
tr	NN	Thank God , I hadn 't given this new batch to any of my other animals yet . "
tr	NNS	I couldn 't read it 's movements at all or pinpoint the exact location .
tr	NN	He gives my hand a squeeze and looks up towards the roofline of Brielle 's house .
tr	NN	The idea made her flinch ... Didn 't he want to spend time alone with her ?
tr	NN	Livingston 's face gave the impression that they were discussing nothing more serious than a crank call .
tr	NNS	I patted my pockets , searching for my cell phone , but then I remembered : my phone was outside .
tr	NNS	She kicked off her delicate sandals and raised up on her toes to reach for a high shelf .
tr	NN	I 've seen your file .
tr	NN	" If you were to marry someone else , your uncle would have no further claim on you . "
tr	NNS	As Anna tucked her sister in , Callista fetched several purple candles from the room opposite and lit them silently .
tr	NNS	Desperate times demand desperate measures .
tr	NNS	Frankly , right now , we don 't have the numbers left for me to send people Topside for the sake of old traditions . "
tr	NNS	And rumor had it , the Normans had Viking ancestors too , which Gwen couldn 't help but believe .
tr	NNS	By a miracle , the detective recalled the knives only the night before , kept safe in a box at the Fidelity Bank .
tr	NNS	" Someone 's been spreading lies about me ; I 'm angelic . "
tr	NNS	He dealt out napkins , spoons , chopsticks .
tr	NN	He brings good fortune to crops and livestock .
tr	NNS	I walked the halls .
tr	NNS	" But they gave shots , too . "
tr	NNS	She inconspicuously wiped her wet palms on the laundry and stood up .
tr	NN	" So you already know this secret agenda , and you 're not telling me . "
tr	NNS	You both know this yourselves . "
tr	NN	He was wearing a t-shirt which clearly showed an unmarked neck .
tr	NNS	The thought offered the only brightness I could summon in this situation .
tr	NN	I turned the door knob and exited my room .
tr	NNS	" She needs three drops of blood on the ring .
tr	NNS	' The Assassins have no ties to the Saracen .
tr	NNS	My duties towards the beings of my own species had greater claims to my attention because they included a greater proportion of happiness or misery .
tr	NN	The next day I had an early appointment with Pete Hall .
tr	NN	Two TriMet bus seats barely held the scruffy yellow rubber , all deflated and folded and crammed in there .
tr	NNS	I copied her movements as she took me even deeper under the ocean .
tr	NN	I feel warmth trickle through my head but it disappears as quickly as it arrived .
tr	NN	As they continued through the Cathedral , the walls began narrowing and the roof descending , until the space was only thirty feet across .
tr	NNS	The enemy even packs the explosives with anything sharp they can find to cause the most damage .
tr	NN	" You 'd really let a crazy , destructive caveman and me move in with you ? "
tr	NN	Silence followed my pacing .
tr	NN	We 'll both earn another small fortune through the gaming organization . "
tr	NNS	Didn 't I give great performances ? "
tr	NNS	The stew was more than the basic food he and much of England subsisted on , root vegetables with a piece of pork fat for flavour .
tr	NN	He had that effect on me , yes , but I harbored no intention of letting him know it .
tr	NNS	Too many murdered babies .
tr	NN	Tammie returns the gesture , hesitant at first , then passionately , allowing herself to become lost in Devon .
tr	NN	The boat was a gift from son to father , an asset to be hidden away in the islands , much like Jarrett himself .
tr	NN	" Jeez , you scared the crap out of me . "
tr	NN	He recalls Churchill 's definition that a fanatic is someone who cannot change his mind and will not change the subject .
tr	NNS	" You have always loved blossoms , dear heart , but I doubt that you 've ever seen the sky in bloom before . "
tr	NNS	He 's breathing shallow breaths .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens for that !
tr	NNS	She lifted the covers .
tr	NNS	" So you don 't worship the gods . "
tr	NN	The native left his bicycle and walked quickly across the street .
tr	NNS	She was fast gaining the attributes of Dayan 's people .
tr	NN	Passing through the curtain of glowing sand , the boy finds a massive cage preventing him from leaving the area .
tr	NN	The Grenadier gave her a shrug .
tr	NNS	Fire filled her palms , and with the demon in my thrall , it made an easy target for her to finish the last head .
tr	NNS	The bald guy lifted her futon mattress off the frame .
tr	NNS	What other powers could she have ?
tr	NNS	" Yes , I can do scales . "
tr	NNS	When the people had left , he approached the priests , his armored feet clicking against the chapel 's stone floor .
tr	NN	He yanked off the loosened linen and tossed it on the floor .
tr	NNS	Piranha kidnapped countless victims who went missing for years ; many he forced into prostitution .
tr	NNS	Thursday 28th July 1983 Raphael drove the demo tapes to Chingford after work Thursday .
tr	NNS	Sure , I wanted breasts , but only two , and not so large that I 'd have trouble seeing my feet .
tr	NNS	I grab the shovels .
tr	NNS	She takes sharp breaths , anger rising on her face , but she 's too weak to do anything to stop us .
tr	NN	In one hand , it held a whip , and in the other a shield .
tr	NN	She repressed a scoff .
tr	NN	Brick offered a sorrowful pat on the back .
tr	NNS	They weren 't taking any chances with it .
tr	NNS	We grabbed our coats and made our way out the door .
tr	NNS	He had practiced his interviews far too many times to reach this state of poised sentience .
tr	NNS	Severance was studying the graceful illusions closely .
tr	NN	Her father gave the situation some hard pondering before finally conceding , ' Then I accept that you are a man of honour . '
tr	NNS	Beth sprayed a few more shots of lavender .
tr	NNS	The appearance of Camille in his life also demanded some changes in him .
tr	NNS	We have several servants .
tr	NN	I heard a snap of a twig in the forest and I jumped .
tr	NNS	Come back soon , I 'll have better apples . "
tr	NN	The other takes away her trident , and undoes the ties holding her breastplate on .
tr	NNS	Cuddles made a few more noises , then they both faced Jason .
tr	NN	She set down the tape measure .
tr	NN	I turn my glare on the soldiers standing guard over them .
tr	NNS	The heat had soothed the aches in her body , but naught could be done about the ache that still resided in her heart .
tr	NNS	He scanned the shelves , searching past the mass-produced titles to those that were older , and made by hand .
tr	NN	She rubbed her knuckles .
tr	NNS	He was feeling nauseous and struggled against getting sick .
tr	NN	... " You got a pen ? "
tr	NNS	Echo slowly put her daggers away and followed Song .
tr	NNS	It might prove less conspicuous . "
tr	NN	He 's no longer giving me matter-of-fact instruction on how to kill a man , but the way he 's looking at me is unsettling .
tr	NNS	Growling deep in his throat , he sank his fangs into her neck and tasted the life that flowed inside her .
tr	NNS	Although he 'd recently purchased the gallery , he 'd managed his finances effectively .
tr	NNS	She tapped her fingernails on the table .
tr	NN	Rand rounded the bench and leaned down to meet the young man 's eyes .
tr	NN	She 's earned my respect and my allegiance . "
tr	NNS	She had her own flimsy excuses to use , thank you .
tr	NNS	Arlington had many funerals every day , and they set a strict schedule .
tr	NN	Nicholas would save the video for a more crucial moment .
tr	NNS	" Go in with Sally , " Paolo responded slyly .
tr	NNS	They must 've made some changes since those plans were uploaded . "
tr	NNS	Michael rubbed his aching temples .
tr	NN	" Yes , go home and cry , you deplorable infant .
tr	NNS	" No more contracts or bargains . "
tr	NNS	" Oh ... 45 hit points . "
tr	NNS	He patted his pockets .
tr	NN	He 'd conquered cancer this last year .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , Charley stepped several paces back .
tr	NN	As Mac left , Casey heard Jackson mutter , " Like hell you will . "
tr	NN	" Added to that , my mother had cancer .
tr	NN	Bread only dampens the effect . "
tr	NN	Witness , you will take command of these .
tr	NNS	That girl has balls .
tr	NN	" Can I have some ice cream when we get there ? "
tr	NNS	I have to look away , I 'm telling so many lies .
tr	NN	He handed her the vase , turned and left .
tr	NNS	Then I had no more excuses left so I quit stalling , went downstairs and sat down in front of the apparatus .
tr	NN	Joanna touched her earlobe .
tr	NN	Richter and his men headed 200 meters down the shoreline and took an easier path up onto a ridge that paralleled the shoreline .
tr	NN	My father 's own passing had left a void in my life that , until this very instant , I hadn 't even realized was there .
tr	NN	" I have developed a second talent .
tr	NNS	I 've watched prostitution stings on Cops .
tr	NNS	He 'd loaded the individual doses into a couple of duffel bags , and he handed one to her as he hefted the other .
tr	NN	Things got a little testy in there , as you can imagine . "
tr	NNS	" You give me drugs then . "
tr	NNS	' You can feed your dogs , so your hunting 's a success .
tr	NNS	Misha shuffled the cards and put them on the coffee table before me .
tr	NN	" They 've given us the privacy we need to make you permanently by my side . "
tr	NN	Winkler 's grin belied the seriousness of his voice .
tr	NNS	When Gray returned , he set two trays containing steaming bowls of soup , cornbread and ice tea on the coffee table .
tr	NN	I got the impression he 's kind of furtive .
tr	NNS	You 'll find the coins hidden throughout the park . "
tr	NNS	Because of the pandemonium , Jasmine could only catch bits and pieces of what he was saying , but she got the gist .
tr	NNS	It landed yards away on the clothes , then , after a second 's hesitation , rushed at him again .
tr	NNS	You spent many centuries in hell .
tr	NNS	Adelaide kicked off the covers .
tr	NN	Shivers ripped down her spine as he trailed kisses down her stomach , and she inhaled deeply as his tongue dipped inside her belly button .
tr	NN	I checked my email , saw nothing of importance , and left to meet my friend .
tr	NNS	" The village had two physicians and a wise woman who could do a bit of herb healing .
tr	NNS	Though all the boats were running without lights , Chris sensed smaller vessels all around them too , support ships for the specialized vessels .
tr	NN	Had the lab given him a different agenda ?
tr	NNS	Had there been only one of them , perhaps even with two , she 'd have taken her chances with her revolver .
tr	NN	With a flick of his wrist , he inserted the needle at the back of the animal 's neck .
tr	NN	This particular morning , however , lacked that therapeutic quality .
tr	NNS	They sometimes attended clubs that featured live bands .
tr	NNS	As I remove my simple dress and pants , I hear the same noises .
tr	NN	" Give me your lighter .
tr	NNS	Holly took a few more , deep breaths .
tr	NN	You can take your teddy with you . "
tr	NN	I can smell their flavor wafting my way .
tr	NN	Now the brunette , whom I notice is at least a decade younger than Mom , opens up a briefcase and hands Clay a manila folder .
tr	NN	If we 're lucky we might catch a glimpse of the Gulf of California .
tr	NN	A towering military cap completed his décor .
tr	NNS	Already she was making excuses for him !
tr	NN	I shook off the remnant of my nostalgia and made my way toward the building .
tr	NNS	Terah and Martin would join the families later .
tr	NN	The deputy touched his cap and nodded .
tr	NNS	In past battles he 'd have been called ' walking wounded ' .
tr	NN	Daisy gave a shrug .
tr	NNS	" Two more letters regarding your Public Transportation Initiative - " No surprises there either .
tr	NN	I left the neighbourhood with a hollow feeling in my heart and a hole above my left eye that took thirteen stitches to close .
tr	NN	In the past , the bank had provided overdraft protection , for a fee , to cover small amounts , but wouldn 't any longer .
tr	NN	Dobbs tosses another file onto the coffee table .
tr	NN	Then he smiled a little sadly and went downstairs .
tr	NNS	I quickly sought out the other runners .
tr	NN	A tourniquet circled her left bicep .
tr	NNS	You looked millions of miles away , that 's all . "
tr	NN	He slashed the knight 's armpit before the knight could swing his broad sword .
tr	NNS	We have a few needles in a giant haystack .
tr	NNS	The dense substance at the core of this easy-going , centered man had its own gentle but firm attraction .
tr	NN	The owner of the house flicks the needle with his fingers and then aims the tip at his forearm .
tr	NNS	Lilith was indeed taking no chances .
tr	NN	I noticed the irritated gleam in his eyes .
tr	NNS	" You saw the losses they inflicted . "
tr	NN	The vine popped off the first branch .
tr	NNS	Dave made two more job offers from the ten people he interviewed .
tr	NN	Joshua wanted more info , and Eric just wanted me , full stop .
tr	NNS	There probably are cloaked ships , but there 's no way to tell . "
tr	NN	" And the coffee maker of course .
tr	NNS	He hit the breaks and switched off the engine .
tr	NNS	Then he remembered the plates .
tr	NNS	Don 't take any chances .
tr	NN	He did not mind serving Lewis and the sense of personal concern this conveyed would have a desired effect .
tr	NN	" I 'll leave you my Mustang , in case you need to go anywhere while I 'm gone . "
tr	NN	I change the topic .
tr	NN	He took complete responsibility for his mistake .
tr	NN	She came back aglow with her success .
tr	NN	He tapped a pen on his desk .
tr	NNS	Tie sharp odor of alcohol assaulted her senses .
tr	NNS	" Can I put warrior braids in it ? "
tr	NN	We began our descent but it didn 't last long .
tr	NNS	" Ooh magic tricks ! "
tr	NN	" Because we haven 't used any protection . "
tr	NN	I offer a silent prayer that I will be strong enough if it becomes necessary to use it and keep them contained because the alternative is unthinkable .
tr	NNS	Mac changed directions and flew into the cloud .
tr	NNS	" You wield aggressive observational powers .
tr	NNS	The royal tailor tacked more ribbons to Lucien 's good velvet hunting coat .
tr	NNS	" We can ride our bikes . "
tr	NN	He would enjoy his secret getaway with Savannah before they were both forced to face reality and whatever came next .
tr	NN	Using what he 'd learned alongside Haidar and Jalal in the harshest survival methods , he 'd led his squad to safety .
tr	NNS	Dulcie got the giggles , too .
tr	NN	How they really did feel and obey every human communal impulse .
tr	NN	Somewhere in the distance I hear the announcer as he coughs into the microphone , but I don 't care .
tr	NNS	The way she slapped them into her bag drew some stares .
tr	NN	" Mandy , thank goodness you 're still there .
tr	NN	I felt my left hand twitch .
tr	NN	I asked and sipped my very yummy apple martini .
tr	NNS	Severance took a few more paces into the dimly lit room .
tr	NN	He brought his fork to his lips , paused , then shoved another bite of steak in .
tr	NN	I 'd read the file on Claudia Chow .
tr	NNS	Okay , now I was getting choked up .
tr	NN	He knew his goal and for the first time , he felt soiled by his intent .
tr	NN	Seldon put his sphere into his mouth and felt it dissolve and disappear rapidly .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths , trying to calm myself .
tr	NNS	I continued up a few blocks , circled around , and parked in front of an abandoned 7-Eleven .
tr	NN	His sister , Bree , was stirring the stew , her small frame swaying to and fro to the music .
tr	NN	The laundry held a linen and broom cupboard , washer , dryer and tub .
tr	NNS	Ed had warned his commanders previously , but made a mental note to renew the warning .
tr	NNS	She has some broken ribs from the beating , possibly some loose teeth .
tr	NN	I 've got an appointment . '
tr	NN	Soon she had filled the lab with multiple projections .
tr	NN	Not much time to plan a speech that would move Foster and save the situation .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is your problem ? "
tr	NN	But , perhaps we should change the topic .
tr	NNS	We pass a few classrooms full of students .
tr	NN	The dragon rarely left the healing bath these days , and even so he looked terrible .
tr	NN	" And yet , you don 't see the fish trying to plant a kiss on the eagle .
tr	NNS	Keep your wits about you . "
tr	NNS	I could have shut off all her senses and captured her .
tr	NNS	He had the fourth highest sales for the year in all of Canada .
tr	NN	The collar that Saul wears will transmit his location to us every minute .
tr	NNS	He had offices all over the country and abroad , although he made the Boston office his home .
tr	NNS	Maybe Mana would need some funds .
tr	NN	" Whose verdict ? "
tr	NN	Though delivered casually , I register the intent quality of the question .
tr	NNS	His thumbs traced my ribs , as his palms slid to my sides and worked down to my hips .
tr	NNS	It bounces off roofs .
tr	NNS	I 'm only preparing samples for Yves to study . "
tr	NNS	The people worshiped mythological Greek gods .
tr	NNS	The wheel climbed gentle rises and rolled into low depressions .
tr	NNS	Tasha stepped back several paces , now beyond words .
tr	NNS	Yes , Case decided , she would have liked Scores for the same poorly defined reason he liked him .
tr	NN	In a cleansed and renewed Temple , the High Priest had completed his task .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the Aspect of Despair has heard your prayers . "
tr	NN	Jimmy took out his palm pilot and pressed a few buttons .
tr	NNS	Pleasure overloaded my nerve endings from the connection to his feelings , driving me to a frenzy .
tr	NNS	But her lack of response said volumes .
tr	NNS	He crossed the tracks and pitched his ruined warrior 's garb into the smoldering belly of a smoking rubbish barrel .
tr	NNS	She stopped two yards from the couple .
tr	NNS	The walk to the house garnered a few curious stares as Dan laughed and skipped with his children , an overgrown child himself .
tr	NN	When he returned , he was holding a neatly folded napkin .
tr	NNS	I noticed another five infected babies dashing through the door on their little hands and knees , with their toothless mouths biting the air .
tr	NN	" You see the redness of the skin ?
tr	NNS	The people we granted sanctuary existed centuries ahead of you , and were indeed in human form .
tr	NN	While I 'm a weedy , skinny man [ I 'm afraid to say ] , I must have inherited the trait from my ancestors .
tr	NNS	The modern world so detests rituals .
tr	NN	Have you visited the spa yet ?
tr	NN	He made a small , helpless gesture , as if letting something go , as if Magnus had wanted to be let go .
tr	NNS	" Then you must give him constant fits . "
tr	NN	However , after visiting several parlors , I didn 't find any design I liked .
tr	NN	He looked all bashful and stared at his shoes .
tr	NN	We already hit the balcony and gave everyone a good show , right baby ? "
tr	NN	If he said just a word , gave me a real punishment .
tr	NNS	Bodyguard scanned the crowds , inspecting everyone and anyone nearby .
tr	NN	She made a silent appraisal of him .
tr	NN	Surprisingly , Radcliffe had not lost his patience with her ineptitude .
tr	NN	Mad Rogan placed the napkin across his lap .
tr	NNS	Who could smoothen away all her fears like this but him ?
tr	NN	Mortar rounds tore up the runway .
tr	NNS	She brushed crumbs off of her dress and pointed outside .
tr	NN	Ben just picked up his granddaughter .
tr	NNS	He ventured a few yards the way the woman had come and took a leak in the middle of the yard .
tr	NNS	I stopped about six inches from the boundary of the inn .
tr	NNS	With this new level of personal growth , she could then handle the more complicated assignments on a regular basis instead of these once-a-year jobs .
tr	NNS	It wasn 't until she felt the coolness of the bed beneath her that she realized he had been lowering her to its surface .
tr	NN	Sam had a mysterious effect on him .
tr	NN	And to top it off , you have a Healer who has the all-seeing mind ?
tr	NN	As he spoke , he exited the document and pulled up Facebook .
tr	NN	Then she put down her fork , stood up and walked toward the bedroom and I followed her and that was the end of a pleasant friendship .
tr	NN	" I almost took off my apron and drove over there . "
tr	NN	I can 't just drink cocoa by the fire at some lodge and pretend it has no effect on me . "
tr	NN	Rhys asked , a vicious undertone to his voice .
tr	NN	Connor stuffed a pump into the side pocket of his bag .
tr	NN	We have had success in the past with allowing a few select researchers in at night to work after hours .
tr	NNS	As if that wasn 't sick enough , all of the pads and tampons have fake bright red blood marks on them .
tr	NN	" I am not leaving this limo while commando ! "
tr	NN	I tucked my notepad into my messenger bag , ready to free my mind from thoughts of the promotion for now .
tr	NNS	Barefoot , she crossed the cold tiles , heading back across the hallway to the staircase .
tr	NN	They mean no harm but to survive as you do .
tr	NN	My father the king had a vast collection of swords .
tr	NN	They unloaded their equipment on to the pavement outside the club as quickly as they could , as the van was parked on double yellows .
tr	NN	Rock immediately felt the coldness wrap around him .
tr	NN	Marc , of course , gives his usual " You got ta get through me to get to Holly , lady " glare .
tr	NNS	They 'd need a surgeon , he thought dimly .
tr	NNS	Just wait and trust your instincts .
tr	NN	He makes a sweep of his arm , back to encompass the town .
tr	NN	Footsteps started up the staircase .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any sisters or brothers . "
tr	NN	They climbed the hill to the house , and found Felix in his robe and pajamas in the library .
tr	NN	I view a snake then a second snake , and then a third second snake , slithering from the slashed basket weaving .
tr	NNS	Someday , they will call you heroes . "
tr	NN	It had an effect of safety pin being yanked out of a grenade .
tr	NNS	We 've got steaks in the freezer .
tr	NNS	That South Korean lady he met at the Laos , Cambodia border had more balls than he .
tr	NN	I beg your forgiveness for the death of your son .
tr	NN	We all know our duty .
tr	NNS	" Why have you always dated actors since him ? "
tr	NN	Emelia felt a wrench of nausea as she realised it had the beaked design of a plague mask .
tr	NNS	I gathered my wits .
tr	NN	She set down her backpack and took out the yarn and needles she 'd purchased earlier in the week .
tr	NN	James had witnessed the interaction between the two .
tr	NN	She shook off the uneasy sensation .
tr	NNS	" You only had about a hundred yards to go . "
tr	NN	We have escaped the welcome net .
tr	NNS	She brought the covers back over her head before speaking again .
tr	NN	" Oh my lord ! "
tr	NN	She fished her mascara out of her makeup bag .
tr	NN	Still , that didn 't rule out the possibility completely that there might be a thief at large .
tr	NN	See my assistant for details .
tr	NN	" You gave me some advice when I was at your apartment last night .
tr	NN	And yet , the subtle command to relax sent a flutter of heat down deep in her belly .
tr	NNS	Sawyer 's media outlets presented limitless opportunities .
tr	NN	" That Hugh force a vote among the nobles and they choose a new king ? "
tr	NN	" We 're having pot roast . "
tr	NN	" Didn 't you put any lemon in my water ? "
tr	NN	I find that attitude demeaning and revolting . "
tr	NN	" I 've located the craft you ask me to keep a constant scan for . "
tr	NNS	" When can I have pretty necklaces and bracelets ? "
tr	NN	" Can you smell the cake , Mom ?
tr	NN	If anyone else had seen the guy , maybe he could find an ally .
tr	NN	No one would notice our digging . "
tr	NN	Did I really need all the crap I carried around on a daily basis ?
tr	NN	Panic made my breathing shallow .
tr	NNS	She 'd been worried senseless and hadn 't wanted her dinner when she 'd been offered it .
tr	NN	The town changed their pity over James and his mother to sour judgment .
tr	NN	They promised retribution for even the smallest lie .
tr	NN	But , for the most part , she 'd gotten the impression that Amy 's death had made him realize how unimportant such petty grudges were .
tr	NN	His eyes do a full shameless intake of my body .
tr	NN	You couldn 't get the Sphinx last night ?
tr	NNS	In the middle of his fourth century , he had no complaints .
tr	NN	He withdrew a wad of papers from his inside jacket pocket and slid them across the table to Colin .
tr	NNS	We all pull our goggles on and Connor moves up to the front to help get the metal plate off .
tr	NNS	As he rounded the final bend that would take him to where the well was located , he examined his chances with Marcela .
tr	NN	He hid a groan .
tr	NN	Calling up every ounce of nerve she possessed , she straightened her police uniform , which she 'd donned for just such an eventuality .
tr	NN	I checked the duck , setting it down facing toward me .
tr	NNS	Before you sleep I will whisper away your aches and pains .
tr	NNS	She took those classes in college , the one where that professor was nuts for this stuff .
tr	NN	" You have done your duty .
tr	NNS	She was showing the same vast emptiness that Carissa had when she 'd been in my bedroom .
tr	NNS	Even the air , itself , delivered attackers with stings and fangs , with scurrying legs and electric cellophane wings .
tr	NN	The one she had shown the barber what hair colour she wanted .
tr	NNS	When everybody comes home later , we 'll count noses .
tr	NNS	Gary was taking no chances .
tr	NNS	" Did drugs . "
tr	NNS	The thick branches of the various plants and trees form thick symbiotic knots around one another .
tr	NN	She gave a careless shrug and answered the question with one of her own , always a good business move .
tr	NNS	This caused twin grimaces to emerge from the serenity of their faces .
tr	NNS	" You have houses standing empty ? "
tr	NN	" Then you know the drill .
tr	NNS	You can see the mines from here . "
tr	NN	I pulled his t-shirt over his head .
tr	NN	James felt a terrible twist in his gut .
tr	NNS	Had she made investments ?
tr	NN	When roles were really scarce , Mike had one waiter per table .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , she found all these treasures within twenty minutes .
tr	NN	I closed the lid and stood up , turning out the light .
tr	NNS	She also sent several business suits and shoes .
tr	NNS	Tape # 12 Thankfully , the attack didn 't reduce our numbers drastically ; nine of us didn 't made it through the night .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have weekends . "
tr	NNS	Had any good bites yet ? "
tr	NN	The others catch just a glimpse of a dark cloud in the distance .
tr	NNS	Heather let the dogs out into his backyard to take care of business while he poured food and water into their bowls .
tr	NN	But while Laura wore hers long , nearly to her waist , Sam chose a popular , more spiky style .
tr	NN	Maybe Hoover wrote the pass code down being new and everything .
tr	NN	Or was it truly a serious attraction ?
tr	NNS	Real learning was not factoring math equations or counting electrons .
tr	NNS	" I 'll get your addresses . "
tr	NN	Bad enough you missing your own father 's funeral . "
tr	NNS	So he took some chances and used force to get into the cottage . "
tr	NN	We run down the hill against the crowd .
tr	NN	However , she did not want a riding lesson .
tr	NN	" I 'll finish packing . "
tr	NNS	My supplier 's been making noises for a while now about trying to renegotiate our contract .
tr	NNS	Seth 's voice twisted up my insides .
tr	NNS	" So you like pranks ? "
tr	NN	I 've been hearing the merger 's in bad shape anyway , thanks to Grigio 's bad diplomacy .
tr	NNS	As part of our relationships with mundane religions , we maintain connections with monastic orders across the globe .
tr	NN	At this , Baxter dropped his magazine .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't put any restrictions or limitations on who or what kind of man she wanted to fulfill her needs .
tr	NN	Quickly , they shoved the laundry basket into the service elevator .
tr	NNS	I didn 't understand his obscure responses .
tr	NN	When she reached her , she gave her arm a quick squeeze , and then surveyed the room .
tr	NNS	But we 've got families to feed .
tr	NNS	She pushed the emptiness away as Alex and Tess walked together , up the wide marble steps of the terrace patio .
tr	NNS	It has large doses of antibiotics going into his system , but he 's going to have to fight this one as much as he can . "
tr	NNS	It also turned the roads to mud that sucked at her feet with each step .
tr	NNS	Once I was convinced she wouldn 't pass out from magical exertion , I made motions to leave .
tr	NNS	We don 't do school dances . "
tr	NNS	" Because I don 't consider the conditions in town ' living . ' "
tr	NNS	You should have seen the dogs he chopped up . "
tr	NN	I do not want your advice or your alternatives .
tr	NNS	The two of you will use your powers in a way that your minds best decide to present it to you symbolically . "
tr	NNS	Since , they didn 't search criminals .
tr	NNS	" I can find my own dates , Mom .
tr	NN	As her fingers clicked away on the keyboard , she pulled up several health and wellness sites about condoms , their use , their effectiveness .
tr	NN	CHAPTER THREE David sped down the highway until the lights of Lawrence , Kansas , were only a faint glow in the night sky .
tr	NN	He has a most pleasant aspect .
tr	NNS	I have no illusions about what kind of guy he is . "
tr	NN	The idea that Dean might have used that to get at Michael made my stomach twist sharply .
tr	NNS	Amber paced the floors , nearing lifting her hands to punch the air in frustration .
tr	NNS	I 've seen game tapes and I 'm convinced he could play for any NBA team right now .
tr	NNS	" I 've met Jude and Claire 's mother , though , " I said thinly .
tr	NNS	" Wait -- no scales ?
tr	NN	To them , I 'd been given a privilege to stay there .
tr	NNS	" They lose their powers ? "
tr	NN	I could feel the adrenaline pump through me until everything else was gone , and it was all I could feel .
tr	NNS	Seismic activity detected 700 yards east of perimeter .
tr	NN	" You can still have a farm and children .
tr	NN	" They were masked , my lord . "
tr	NNS	" If you will not be persuaded by consideration for Lung Tien Xiang or for yourself , will you at least serve your country 's interests ? "
tr	NN	Stepping into the kitchen , I pulled out a tin of one of my favorite blends of loose tea .
tr	NNS	The destroyers deactivated their engines , and all made their way to the Vigilante .
tr	NNS	Tina chose a red and white sundress for herself , teaming it with white sandals and dangly earrings made of little white shells .
tr	NNS	My father has always had Christian students around him -- . "
tr	NNS	He 'd underestimated the gaps between handholds , as well as the size of the pores .
tr	NNS	He eyed my flats .
tr	NN	Thank goodness we didn 't have any clients in this morning . "
tr	NNS	In all of his realm , he had found eleven .
tr	NN	' And all of a sudden Charley sees the pudding staring him in the face . '
tr	NN	In most cases , the lycanthropy virus destroys a person 's humanity .
tr	NN	He 's got this permanent smirk that looks more handsome than mean , muscles that are obvious but not too overwhelming , and gorgeous calves .
tr	NNS	Serial killers often killed their victims in bizarre ways , or kept body parts for souvenirs , or collected personal items .
tr	NN	" But I haven 't lost faith in you , keep our city safe until I return . "
tr	NN	I then stuck out my hand Colbert style to accept my cookies .
tr	NN	Iseo drew the heavy towel up to her eyes , as he stepped from the tub .
tr	NNS	Instinctively I gathered my surroundings .
tr	NN	A shadow took substance .
tr	NN	The odours swam in her head and for a moment she feared her nerves might make her vomit .
tr	NN	He pulled the pistol from his pocket .
tr	NN	Maynard rubbed his belly before sliding back from the desk and standing up .
tr	NNS	The usurpers already lacked their giants .
tr	NN	" I 'll try the blueberry .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes .
tr	NN	" I have a claim .
tr	NNS	Perhaps then Rusty would relax and lower his defenses .
tr	NN	I manage a fake yawn and pat my hand over my mouth .
tr	NN	Lissa , with her Mediterranean olive skin , jet black hair , and green eyes , made an impression .
tr	NN	Maybe The Punisher has an accomplice . "
tr	NNS	" You need new healing runes . "
tr	NN	You broke the pact . "
tr	NNS	He can take whatever Beelzebub dishes out . "
tr	NN	Chapter 2 Down the Keyhole Selena pulled the pager out of her purse .
tr	NN	My brother has always had this effect on me .
tr	NN	" They have faith and hope in a creator deity .
tr	NNS	" Open your thighs , Jewell . "
tr	NNS	I watched the numbers on the elevator climb , as the man behind me , whom I was about to sleep with remained silent .
tr	NN	I accepted his handshake and he held it a moment longer than necessary .
tr	NN	You will not own a single scale .
tr	NN	" Uh , Mr. DeLuca , I have a confession to make . "
tr	NN	Terry sent a shockwave at the man in front of him , knocking him back into the door of the train car .
tr	NNS	" You of all my boys understand the fears of a parent 's heart . "
tr	NN	When the server arrived I skimmed the menu and picked the wild raspberry chicken salad and a soda .
tr	NNS	The three girls allowed the servants to bring their plates to a nook somewhat removed from the rest .
tr	NNS	No wonder Byrd needed so many ships , aircraft , and manpower .
tr	NN	PC Carver remembered a colleague describing a brush with that particular young thug a few months earlier .
tr	NN	He must now learn patience and sharing . "
tr	NNS	Mascara made my eyelashes luscious , longer , and blacker .
tr	NNS	Or I might get dizzy . "
tr	NNS	" She must have some balls to be traveling to every corner of the world for that kind of shit . "
tr	NN	Liam had the impression of a golden lion stretching in the sun .
tr	NNS	" Oh , thank heavens you 're here .
tr	NNS	A couple of other members added their two cents when pressed for more from the reporters .
tr	NNS	My mind tallied up the precise areas of soreness , remembering the cause of each one .
tr	NNS	' Well , I 've had aches and pains , and been feeling really hot and sweaty . '
tr	NN	Bond picked up the receiver . '
tr	NNS	They 're demanding more research subjects . "
tr	NN	I forced a scowl .
tr	NNS	Why am I getting two punishments ? "
tr	NN	I downed the orange juice and snagged one more piece of bacon before heading out .
tr	NN	She tapped the dashboard of the car .
tr	NN	You need any other ID ? "
tr	NN	A chill ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	The other was making rhythmic stroking motions somewhere in the region of his kidneys . '
tr	NN	She took the beat-up family station wagon and drove into town , taking her time , humming along with the country song on the radio .
tr	NN	To the south , through doors that were already partly opened Darcy could see a second foyer that the long hallway bisected .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen no bite marks on the girl 's neck .
tr	NN	Maybe I 'd scared the wretched bird off .
tr	NNS	I give you the assignments and then you present your choices to me . "
tr	NN	He had a belly that hung over his belt so far that he couldn 't see his own toes unless he had a mirror .
tr	NN	Could her skin possibly get any hotter ?
tr	NNS	She eyed her surroundings .
tr	NNS	I took a few more bites of my yogurt before throwing it away .
tr	NN	For a split second I felt a bolt of fear , but then Sebastian spoke .
tr	NN	The Houston press made a near folk hero out of him .
tr	NN	She paused , shuddering ; but soon went on .
tr	NNS	If , for example the people truly embraced the Lotus Sutra , they might not need priests or temples anyway .
tr	NNS	Per Lee King , the radio control helmet would ape J 's actions so whatever way he moved the robot would do likewise .
tr	NN	First , I lifted the mat and looked underneath , hoping to find a key .
tr	NN	Only a few well-kept homes dotted the neighborhood .
tr	NNS	He traced my folds through the red lace panties I 'd worn and then pushed the material aside .
tr	NNS	Prue rubbed her temples feeling the heat of the bar getting to her .
tr	NN	With a small cry , she slid down the shaft .
tr	NNS	She even made murmurs about treading the boards herself .
tr	NNS	I knew her tricks .
tr	NNS	She 'd made two escape attempts .
tr	NNS	She blew out all the candles in the room , then lit them in rapid succession .
tr	NNS	But , she also had major trust issues .
tr	NNS	Alice had forgotten more spells than I know .
tr	NN	Oliver threw the towel over his shoulders , shivering visibly .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness you were around rather than Crusty . "
tr	NN	Dax executed the proper marching reversal and walked straight out of the office .
tr	NN	Every Armani clad inch of him screamed style and power .
tr	NN	Connor pushed the rifle toward the sky with his staff when another shot was fired .
tr	NN	Jacques removed the needle from Raven 's limp body and Gregori 's arm .
tr	NN	It has all the solitude he might need to destroy my world .
tr	NN	He straightened his spine , planted his feet wide , making it clear in every way that he was staying .
tr	NN	" Oh , its a good thing you took responsibility of the wardrobe again .
tr	NNS	She did not want the events of this evening to be detected by mere mortals , it would only add more complications to an already frustrating time .
tr	NNS	What if he had ... expectations she wasn 't willing to meet ?
tr	NN	Matters such as this required the utmost discretion .
tr	NNS	She played cards and watched movies with him late into the night .
tr	NN	He 'd take the obligation of a baby seriously , but he 'd never let himself see her as more than his responsibility .
tr	NN	* The Lady taught the kindred to air walk , and she taught Yas and her human friends , too .
tr	NNS	shouted her bewildered groupies .
tr	NNS	The sudden downward movement caused more howling noises .
tr	NNS	" Others have captured all sorts of creatures .
tr	NN	To what do we owe this occasion ? "
tr	NNS	His mother , he had learned , didn 't like responses like this , even though they were truthful , and so he simply shrugged his shoulders .
tr	NN	oh my Jesus ! "
tr	NNS	They got their own coats and stepped out .
tr	NN	Sooner or later you 'll find the proof . "
tr	NNS	Emily noticed the short stripes of dry blood and looked a little sick .
tr	NN	" Gregor and Felix just attacked the port .
tr	NN	Other Foothills patrons glare at us , including a couple of trucker guys .
tr	NN	Owen cracked his knuckles .
tr	NNS	" We exchanged numbers , but I couldn 't stop thinking about him so I called him this morning . "
tr	NNS	The fact that she hadn 't bolted spoke volumes about her self-control .
tr	NNS	Clyde heavily regretted his actions now .
tr	NNS	That God would not permit such errors to be made in the Holy Word . "
tr	NN	Gaius wisely ignored the taunt .
tr	NNS	Good golly , the low light was playing tricks with his eyes .
tr	NNS	Among themselves , no doubt they called one another heroes , patriots .
tr	NN	The waiting man left the diner and met the approaching man just in front of a metal newspaper rack .
tr	NN	Rick 's words struck a chord .
tr	NN	He grasped a handful of Gabriel 's hair slick with blood and brought his face to his eyes .
tr	NNS	His wife and her lawyer wanted six hundred dollars a month in child support .
tr	NN	He kept the hilt of his dagger at hand , just in case .
tr	NNS	' Hast thou perchance assigned numbers to those sundry events , Pol ? '
tr	NN	It 's like breaking a circuit : whatever weird sensation just flooded through me disappears .
tr	NN	Order me an espresso martini , okay ?
tr	NNS	His hands swept the stray bands of hair off Adelle 's face .
tr	NNS	I quickly deflected such fears .
tr	NNS	He varies his movements .
tr	NN	" I have a recording . "
tr	NNS	" Because I have like fifty dollars on me if you need it . "
tr	NN	Dana 's screams clash into mine .
tr	NNS	He called out greetings as two men stood to meet him .
tr	NN	He gave us another version of his smile , a frightful leer which did nothing to improve my confidence .
tr	NNS	Soldiers only surrounded the buildings .
tr	NNS	His knee parted her thighs and she willingly opened to him .
tr	NNS	I didn 't need anyone else 's fears .
tr	NN	" Yeah , but - " Nora touched Ruby 's thigh .
tr	NN	The remainder use the bamboo rod alone ... Your cell could do with some tidying . "
tr	NN	But both she and I could hear the underlying meaning : if she didn 't go on her own , he would " assist " her .
tr	NNS	" I know the numbers of all your family 's cell phones .
tr	NNS	And , he reflected , very good filters .
tr	NN	Billie had heard his loud shout of exclamation at the club the night before .
tr	NN	But since he was in my vision today , I had a rare glimpse at his elusive face .
tr	NN	He set down the ice cream and leaned back on his elbows .
tr	NN	" What language is this ? "
tr	NN	I tell the waitress I really want a beer , a tall draft , and Nathan hesitates before saying , " The same . "
tr	NN	He should have scheduled another appointment with Dr. Sinclair , but maybe it was for the best that he hadn 't .
tr	NN	It didn 't have the effect she had hoped .
tr	NN	His cock stroked along my inner walls and having his thumb there maximized the sensation .
tr	NNS	" Remember its teachings .
tr	NN	In an instant , I caught a glimpse of my attacker and couldn 't believe what I was seeing .
tr	NNS	They have limited abilities and are able to get drunk .
tr	NNS	And yet I find my palms pressed against the smooth veneer of the door , longing for my lover with a ferocity that does not ebb .
tr	NN	But after the morning they 'd had , he 'd at least expected an acknowledgment when she saw him once more .
tr	NN	" Activate this pager , " he says , " whenever you 're ready .
tr	NN	It gives me a strange urge to retch , which I must struggle to shake off .
tr	NN	Because destiny has marked you out as a bearer of great power , you will create great havoc .
tr	NN	" How you feeling , honey ? "
tr	NN	Even has blue tooth .
tr	NNS	But she abhorred politics .
tr	NN	We inhaled the pizza , drank enormous amounts of Coke and both watched the film attentively .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't believe the boldness of the maneuver .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens for Nash .
tr	NN	He now had a liquid runny paint in the palette depression .
tr	NN	I meant your hero .
tr	NNS	These people consider skills as reading minds and making spells and super strength and those sort of things .
tr	NNS	Then another shot exploded the stillness .
tr	NN	You remember the code to access the office ? "
tr	NNS	" So someone with tenure could tell students the world was flat , right ? "
tr	NNS	I 've got a few suspicions about that .
tr	NN	Yeah , she had my respect .
tr	NN	I could spend a millennium there and never get bored . "
tr	NN	I can hear your stomach growling from here . "
tr	NNS	At that time , a man couldn 't have too many sons .
tr	NNS	They would be sitting ducks for the vamps .
tr	NNS	The way she saw it , both choices had repercussions .
tr	NNS	She considered possible responses .
tr	NN	" Dad and I will finish the packing , and we 'll hire Martha to do the cleaning .
tr	NN	Can 't find proof where there is none . "
tr	NN	He handed me a file he was carrying .
tr	NN	David strolled across the concourse , the hustle and bustle of the airport a cacophony of noise and confusion .
tr	NN	A chill raced down her spine .
tr	NN	She didn 't want her necklace marred .
tr	NNS	They don 't make cute cooing noises .
tr	NNS	I have always loved cats but ever since this cat man came to town , even my little kitty at home is getting mean .
tr	NNS	The ships were firing steadily but uselessly , clouds of smoke that did not reach the dragons above .
tr	NNS	" I 'm losing man points just by standing here . "
tr	NN	" Literally melted chocolate in a cappuccino size cup ? "
tr	NNS	" They put out cigarettes on you . "
tr	NN	Jordan squelched his shout of laughter , as well as the suggestive reply that automatically sprang to his lips .
tr	NN	" Do you ever play the piano anymore ? "
tr	NN	She stopped the frame two feet above the water , bright sunshine , white puffy clouds against a pale blue sky .
tr	NNS	" Here , " Shadow lifted our plates and folded us away .
tr	NN	" Andries always carries the best merchandise .
tr	NN	I pause in the foyer , not quite familiar enough with the house to know where my father would be at the moment .
tr	NN	I 'll have that stew , now . "
tr	NNS	" Save your excuses .
tr	NN	Elizabeth Polk held out her lighter and revealed a small doorway , hidden two steps off the dark tunnel .
tr	NNS	The minister alerted his servants and urged them to make speed .
tr	NN	His father arranged the fish on the broiler and slid it into the oven .
tr	NNS	And just beyond it you can see the roofs of the Grand Bazaar . "
tr	NNS	We put away our trays and rushed off to our first class .
tr	NNS	" It 's agitating the molecules .
tr	NN	Have you got any more knives at home ? "
tr	NNS	He needed the weekends with his family to remind himself of why he put up with the job he had .
tr	NNS	He made motions with his hands , one covering the other .
tr	NN	He wore a white t-shirt underneath .
tr	NNS	We have other priorities at the moment . "
tr	NNS	He 'd also eaten both olives .
tr	NN	Ted spat out the chunk of cheek in Joe 's direction .
tr	NNS	All methods had pros and cons .
tr	NNS	Some had chunks missing from their hands or faces .
tr	NN	After pulling herself out , she wrung out the soaked cotton material .
tr	NN	I can see the redness of a handprint after the second one .
tr	NNS	" Nicholas II hid millions in imperial gold prior to 1917 .
tr	NN	I don 't give a fuck about a principal 's office .
tr	NN	Delilah fought the urge to scream as Joseph pierced her palm with his pointy nail .
tr	NN	The fury radiating from him was literally making the surrounding air hotter .
tr	NNS	Fallon studied the data on the screen .
tr	NNS	In the large driveway of the big beach house , the three men revved their engines and grinned at us girls coming to greet them .
tr	NNS	You always hated drugs . "
tr	NN	" Because if you leave full sail up in this kind of wind , you 'll uproot your mast . "
tr	NNS	I 'll assign squad leaders to each , and you 'll follow their instructions as if I had given them .
tr	NN	You kept a lid on things .
tr	NN	Hank picked up his fork .
tr	NN	And yet now Rachel Sexton had changed her tune .
tr	NNS	" We 've got some solid leads .
tr	NNS	He shifted positions slightly , making sure that the angle of his thrusts would press his flesh against the most sensitive part of Veronica 's body .
tr	NN	" Maybe next time , I 'll give you a sec to put on something other than a little silky piece of fabric . "
tr	NNS	Thank heavens Her Majesty thought to send us a royal escort or we would both be dead ! "
tr	NNS	Not the four passports , not the five credit cards , not even the bank routing numbers you managed to find .
tr	NN	He offered the file for her perusal .
tr	NNS	The Council has sent reinforcements .
tr	NNS	There were mumbling noises of assent .
tr	NN	His fingers squeezed the podium until the blood cut off and they went white , then he breathed , ' Where is she ? '
tr	NNS	She too relaxed her psychic shields , allowing her memories to seep seamlessly from her mind to his .
tr	NN	He dropped his crossbow and drew the knife on his hip .
tr	NN	The woman grabbed a notepad .
tr	NN	Willow was never allowed technology , and felt a twinge of jealously at his fancy gadgets .
tr	NNS	We both ordered ice coffees , and Franklin joked with the young woman behind the counter that soon he would see her at the debutante ball .
tr	NNS	" Many take the salt mines . "
tr	NN	You can get the coordinates from the officer on duty downstairs .
tr	NN	Smiling , she held out the receiver .
tr	NN	The man made one lunging leap and then bolted into full stride while the corpse of the rodent didn 't budge , not to anyone 's surprise .
tr	NN	Her voice lost its seriousness for a second as her lips twisted in a wry smile .
tr	NNS	Still wrapped in the horse blanket , she carefully grabbed the packs and strapped them on the nervous Deja .
tr	NN	Shortly after the pilot made his announcement , the airplane began its descent .
tr	NN	I like hockey . "
tr	NN	Before either could speak , Ryan slammed the lid over the treasure and pointed toward the exit .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any contacts in government .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't gone twenty yards when I heard my name called .
tr	NNS	It had two floors and many , many rooms .
tr	NNS	When I was locked down , they brought out shears and cut the rags that used to be clothing from my body .
tr	NNS	She had several pairs of jeans , all well-worn and comfortable .
tr	NNS	With a sigh , I turn back to Jeremiah B. Coombes and all his dog-eared survival tricks .
tr	NNS	If I am to see the wonder of the world I must conquer my fears .
tr	NNS	We 've checked the runaway houses within our Queen 's territory . "
tr	NNS	Her gaze circled her surroundings .
tr	NNS	Allegedly the lifestyle 's simplicity and lack of commercial pollutants had remarkable healing powers .
tr	NNS	Before the last spoonful went down , tears cut new tracks down his cheeks and salted his cornbread .
tr	NN	I hate the sartorial splendor but that 's what they gave me . "
tr	NNS	" Five thousand dollars ? "
tr	NNS	She eased the aching loneliness inside of him , made him forget his entire awful existence .
tr	NNS	I am positive as sure as I am sitting here Roland had never used drugs .
tr	NN	The footmen were indeed trudging up the little hill , carrying a basket of wine bottles between them .
tr	NN	It 's fucking radioactive .
tr	NNS	The bucket took out large bites reducing the quantities of mud very quickly , draining the cavern even faster , and revealing how massive it actually was .
tr	NNS	Just like the systems before .
tr	NN	" I need a favor . "
tr	NNS	His lips were hovering only inches above her , tempting her , teasing her .
tr	NN	He gripped her thigh and squeezed tight when she nibbled on his skin .
tr	NNS	The Brownies didn 't eat all the chairs like last time , and they didn 't even poo on the table .
tr	NNS	I wrote the ingredients down .
tr	NNS	Her weight dipped the mattress .
tr	NNS	I can walk two blocks by myself ! "
tr	NNS	I had visions of Red walking slowly our way and jerking open the trap door and discovering us both cowering below .
tr	NNS	He left two big welts on my neck , that were sure to grow bigger .
tr	NN	She uttered a low moan and arched upward to give him access .
tr	NNS	He loosed off several shots .
tr	NNS	Every person that you become through the wonders of the Dream Cane will give you skills that you don 't even know you have .
tr	NNS	" Ahh , lass , like roses . "
tr	NNS	I can feel the coldness of the water absorbing into my skin , although the heat that 's consuming my body overpowers it .
tr	NN	He removed the back casing from Daniel 's watch and picked up one of the discs with the tweezers .
tr	NN	Jackson convinced the clerk to let him pay cash , and they got a room in a far back corner that satisfied him .
tr	NNS	And she 'd already told her enough lies .
tr	NN	How does a Pastor of a small church get a Cadillac ? "
tr	NNS	She gave up all rights to me and left me with that man .
tr	NNS	Instead , you give me excuses . "
tr	NN	Thank God I had indoor plumbing .
tr	NNS	She flashed the whites of her eyes .
tr	NNS	If she did then she certainly had more balls than he did .
tr	NN	Kevin resisted the urge to wipe it up .
tr	NNS	" We 've got seven hundred dollars here .
tr	NN	I 've only met a handful .
tr	NNS	Angie copied his actions with her EU ID card .
tr	NN	He held a sinful morsel aloft .
tr	NN	She tossed the document back at him .
tr	NNS	Got any more tricks up your sleeve ?
tr	NN	She couldn 't just relegate a gem like that to off-site storage .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods .
tr	NN	I reluctantly wore mascara , but at the very least I 'd been able to avoid the use of fake lashes .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't have no errands to run today .
tr	NN	I won 't share even a glimpse of you with someone else . "
tr	NNS	Thank heavens for that .
tr	NNS	Wandering the metal halls of our floating home .
tr	NN	Besides which , he owed her a payback .
tr	NNS	" James ... as strong as he is , has serious abandonment issues .
tr	NNS	Who would want drugs and why ?
tr	NNS	" My mind 's just playing tricks on me .
tr	NN	None of this of course explained Doolittle 's involvement .
tr	NN	And somehow , now , after less than a year of freedom , she has entered the resistance .
tr	NN	" We need a ticket to the U.S. " I said digging for my money .
tr	NN	His laughter set her pulse rate soaring , and the warmth of his breath on the back of her neck sent shivers of longing throughout her body .
tr	NN	They had all followed the dragon , just like how banshees follow a kingpin .
tr	NN	Well , I wouldn 't have any objection .
tr	NN	He rolled her nipple lightly between his teeth .
tr	NNS	Yuri tells no lies as far as I can tell , none whatsoever . "
tr	NNS	He 'd witnessed bad deliveries before , but this one had him stressed .
tr	NNS	And look , it 's better than stringing up fake cats . "
tr	NN	Cassie could see the sheen in their eyes .
tr	NNS	The wind whips their tattered remains , but the signs are determinedly fixed , flapping against the steel and concrete structures they 're stuck to .
tr	NN	Inexplicably , in his opinion , he had not received more respect after becoming a manager .
tr	NNS	" They 're called hormones . "
tr	NNS	' If anybody found using any of these forbidden stuffs , I 'll take strict actions with them .
tr	NNS	I was timing my three breaks so that each one would coincide with catching a bit of my favorite classes , or seeing my favorite instructors .
tr	NN	Well , you have made a mockery of this , all of you .
tr	NNS	At eighty years of age , Berle understood the difficulties of enduring through the seasons of life against unrelenting time .
tr	NNS	I could not hold the actions of her past against her .
tr	NNS	He actually rescheduled his morning meetings to be here when I left .
tr	NNS	" He gives me the creeps .
tr	NN	Warren helped Kendra leap across the empty places .
tr	NNS	I 'm not taking any chances .
tr	NN	She dialed the emergency code and waited with growing anger for someone to pick up the phone on the other end .
tr	NN	The clerk tapped his keyboard .
tr	NN	You don 't deserve her affection . "
tr	NNS	" Who let the dogs out ? "
tr	NN	" Did you receive the basket I sent you ? "
tr	NN	I 'd won that argument .
tr	NN	After all , he had the reputation of his family to protect .
tr	NN	" We had the misfortune of running into her only yesterday .
tr	NN	She yanked a paper towel off the roll and scrubbed at her wet eyes .
tr	NNS	" Keep your Shifters from spilling that she 's Shifter for now . "
tr	NN	Figuring he had nothing to lose , he loosened the cap and tried a swallow .
tr	NNS	Helen managed several shots before Liz stopped her .
tr	NNS	He rejected both their claims to the land and claimed it for his own .
tr	NNS	By age six , he was solving complex equations and reading everything he could get his hands on about physics and mathematics .
tr	NNS	Either way , I was losing chunks of time .
tr	NNS	I pitched backwards and rolled several feet down the hill until my back slammed up against the very same tree that had been shot .
tr	NN	I 'll take my punishment quietly if you 'll just let me go when ... when the time comes . "
tr	NNS	" How much crap was on that cloth ? "
tr	NNS	" You 've got seeds ? "
tr	NNS	Pain drove needles up his right ankle .
tr	NNS	Daniel recollected his dates with his late wife nearly two decades earlier and something clicked in recognition .
tr	NN	I noticed Stargazer equipment , opened and gutted .
tr	NN	Then , maybe they could avoid his speech .
tr	NN	He handed Lonnie a document , only three or four pages , but it seemed much heavier after having traveled from Wall Street .
tr	NN	At the top she felt a muggy breeze .
tr	NN	He met some policemen outside .
tr	NNS	And connect their families and then they 'll have wine and olives . "
tr	NN	The man did love publicity .
tr	NN	A moment later , I saw his booted feet peek through .
tr	NN	" Latest acquisition ? "
tr	NNS	" Anyone else on board attend such conferences ? "
tr	NNS	That fort would have stopped the bugs right there if it hadn 't been for that cursed smoke . "
tr	NNS	There would be dancing yet , some serious schmoozing and even more serious gossiping , but soon it would be polite to leave .
tr	NNS	And I don 't train such low numbers . "
tr	NNS	Ivan could hear the slow screeches and scratches the vampires were making .
tr	NNS	" Money works miracles .
tr	NN	Spencer clutched her own silver fork hard , trying to keep a smile pasted on her face even though she thought the joke was pretty lame .
tr	NN	asked the assassin with mock cheerfulness as he turned toward the door .
tr	NNS	We make our acquaintances with her and get right to work .
tr	NNS	There were missing shingles in other places .
tr	NN	As soon as he fulfilled his obligation .
tr	NN	The bartender set a cocktail on the bar top in front of her .
tr	NN	I 'd use protection .
tr	NN	She took an instant liking to this woman and found herself wanting everything to go smoothly from here on out for this family so accustomed to trouble .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you have some babies to corral ?
tr	NNS	In the interim , Bishop Russo would assume the reins of the church until the Pontiff passes and a new Pope is selected .
tr	NN	The desire to argue coherently fixed his speech .
tr	NN	She tilted the candle over the wax paper package and dripped hot wax along its edge .
tr	NN	If he 's captured , I want the privilege .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to stand and jab him in the chest .
tr	NN	Ethan hit the brake so hard that Emma shot forward , ramming her arm against the glove box .
tr	NNS	Forwarding addresses , a few severed limbs , a prostitute or two ... " " Indeed .
tr	NNS	A silver dish of heart-shaped Belgium chocolates sat on the drinks trays being carried around by the waiters .
tr	NNS	I 'm not usually a painter , I prefer pencils .
tr	NNS	Genevieve , you always did bring me the most charming surprises .
tr	NN	A lock of inky hair escaped her ponytail and fell down her temple .
tr	NNS	Pain flooded my senses .
tr	NN	I feel such joy and exhilaration when I 'm riding that cannot be expressed adequately .
tr	NNS	I finished my markings and turned , looking up , and wondered what I said to make her so quiet .
tr	NN	Through the throng of the helpful bystanders , Louise caught a glimpse of him removing his balaclava and mopping at his face .
tr	NNS	As the priests entered , Effie 's eyes did not follow their movements .
tr	NN	Just saying Logan 's name sent a flood of emotions through Melody .
tr	NNS	You thwarted several attempts to capture and kill you .
tr	NNS	" Spread your thighs for me , Keeley .
tr	NNS	He had some logistics connections and set up a motel on one of the rooftops .
tr	NN	Facing the Keeper inside the Cabin again .
tr	NN	I saw the buildings quake , and then you stopped .
tr	NN	Claire straightened her spine .
tr	NNS	The glow from Della 's green eyes spotlighted her extended fangs .
tr	NN	Kenny could hear Ricky 's counting above the loud propellers .
tr	NNS	They had the covers pulled up to their noses .
tr	NNS	He opened his palms just wide enough to say , " What time is it ? "
tr	NN	Even from her distance , Liz noticed Simon 's shoulders stiffen .
tr	NN	He hollered a friendly " Hello , " accompanied with the wide smile that pushed out his double chin .
tr	NN	She clutched a pistol in both hands , holding the weapon at her knees , ready to shatter the window and defend their base .
tr	NNS	The properties of the journal had planted seeds of doubt in his heart .
tr	NNS	" I 'm also stopping your monthly payments , but I will pay for your therapy .
tr	NNS	Not baked in a pie or turned to jam , but fresh , plump , juicy strawberries . "
tr	NNS	By the time she was done with this assignment , she would have some serious skills for her TV series .
tr	NNS	I get my bliss , short and sharp as it is .
tr	NNS	Shock had numbed her senses .
tr	NN	It substitutes a common goal on all peoples from which all people will gain equally .
tr	NN	The humidity won 't have any effect on your beautiful face . "
tr	NNS	She would always keep her priorities straight .
tr	NNS	I snapped my thighs together on the stool .
tr	NNS	" You 've got twelve shots to get you to the steps .
tr	NNS	Then , someone in the compound reviews the video tapes to make sure that the job time logged is accurate .
tr	NNS	I want our production sites locked down , and I want this kid found and buried head first out in the Sonora Desert .
tr	NN	" I accept your resignation with Great Regret . "
tr	NN	You would be getting a more lenient treatment were I able to dispense it in private .
tr	NN	Piece by piece , she retraced the valley on the inside of her eyelids .
tr	NN	He stood half a foot taller than Chin , and outweighed his teammate by a good forty pounds , most of it muscle .
tr	NN	This coffee shop changed the Wi-Fi code daily , stopping the free loaders from using its internet service .
tr	NNS	I 'm only feeling the stares of people wondering what we 're doing riding motorcycles in the middle of winter . "
tr	NNS	I grabbed my cleaning supplies and vacuum cleaner .
tr	NNS	JACK So I bought these pretty sick VHS tapes the other day .
tr	NNS	Sweat trickled down his temples .
tr	NN	I had faith in you , Nicholas .
tr	NNS	Not even the most patient demon spent two centuries fussing over a person before striking a death blow .
tr	NNS	" Told you , " said Lux , and Casey sighed .
tr	NNS	I pushed aside the stacks of books next to my computer to make space .
tr	NNS	They are standing approximately five paces from the SUV as we wait for the helicopter to prepare for our flight .
tr	NNS	They must have shown her photographs , to prepare her .
tr	NN	They should take every measure to protect it . "
tr	NN	What branch were you ? "
tr	NNS	She presided over all the measures and rules of the Goths and dealt with any new amendments or eliminations of laws or ordinances that governed them .
tr	NNS	Only love could have deleted those items . "
tr	NNS	People got super powers because they were challenged beyond what they were capable of .
tr	NNS	His gaze swept the surroundings ceaselessly .
tr	NN	In a blindingly swift movement , he snatched the duck away from the pond 's edge .
tr	NNS	What travels which roads , and what it costs . "
tr	NNS	I have learned a few tricks as Morgan . "
tr	NNS	" I will make the arrangements . "
tr	NN	Sighing , she opened the package .
tr	NNS	King Scott III has three dragons of his own .
tr	NN	He might as well have waved a flag in front of a bull .
tr	NNS	I bit off any snide remarks .
tr	NN	This time I knew his ploy , but just couldn 't bring myself to turn away .
tr	NNS	So the next morning , they pushed their bikes inside the tent and locked them together .
tr	NN	She was pulling a file out of a cabinet when she stopped for a moment , trying to figure out why he seemed so angry .
tr	NN	She examined the shoreline nearest her perch , a green strip of grass lying between the lagoon and a chain link fence .
tr	NN	She gave me a feather . "
tr	NNS	Marlene rejoined the detectives in a very short period of time .
tr	NNS	Kate threw aside her mattress of twined orange bark .
tr	NN	She had no inkling of anything around her , with the exception of Gage .
tr	NNS	He should have just fucked both their brains out until she couldn 't think of anything else .
tr	NN	" You said her uncle and mother .
tr	NN	And later in the afternoon , they would set sail for Bermuda .
tr	NN	Swimming fish and corals and starfish and sharks and whales .
tr	NN	' Not lit ' rally , o ' course .
tr	NNS	A good pack leader also needed balls .
tr	NN	She took a fast assessment of her situation , her heart pounding in her throat .
tr	NN	" You need a haircut , baby bro . "
tr	NN	His eyes followed the rope up and over the stone wall high above his head .
tr	NN	Then again , he was wearing a bulletproof vest .
tr	NN	For instance , I didn 't use cocoa powder as it wasn 't necessary so by eliminating that ingredient you 've just saved some time and money .
tr	NNS	" I will throw the rugs out and replace the floor if you will come back to me . "
tr	NNS	Elizabeth massaged her temples with her thumbs .
tr	NN	" I like black velvet , that 's all .
tr	NN	But then , how could anyone possibly exaggerate the seriousness of what had just happened in America ?
tr	NNS	He punched the numbers into the keypad on the door and then disarmed the security system .
tr	NN	' Come on out and see the president . ' "
tr	NNS	I can take a dozen overgrown monkeys like you and never break a sweat .
tr	NNS	I can create new runes .
tr	NN	He watched her face stiffen and it broke his heart .
tr	NNS	We have twelve place settings . "
tr	NNS	" I just don 't understand French customs . "
tr	NNS	Ready the ships for departure . "
tr	NNS	Take several deep breaths .
tr	NNS	" Eva , do you think he is dreaming of Katrina maybe she performed those operations .
tr	NNS	she then asked her students .
tr	NN	By thinking of a wagon they actualize the wagon .
tr	NNS	He performed many miracles .
tr	NN	She even likes gardening ! "
tr	NNS	She returned my greetings .
tr	NN	We 'd met a dragon before , and it had quite nicely not eaten us .
tr	NN	Every few days , when his mom was downstairs , James would open the drawer and look at the clocks again .
tr	NN	I didn 't need a clickbait article to tell me that .
tr	NNS	" How many gas stations and convenience stores do you think we passed today , Jack ?
tr	NNS	This will give us two chances to get to her if we can keep them from detecting my presence .
tr	NNS	Ah , nothing like family connections to pave your way for you in life .
tr	NNS	What if he wants more lion snakes ?
tr	NN	I wouldn 't leave her dealing with this alone , either .
tr	NN	" Where did you get the cart , Charlie ? "
tr	NN	And if her preternatural powers were strong enough , for the next three days she would receive the protection of a Guardian of Ascension .
tr	NNS	" Have you told those other families what he did ?
tr	NN	I don 't have anybody , now . "
tr	NNS	We had bats and balls and water in the dugout .
tr	NNS	" If it 's got the kind of power that knocked me off my horse , it doesn 't need armies . "
tr	NNS	This dream involved dogs because he 'd recently had a bad experience with them .
tr	NN	His silken words caused a red-hot shudder of response .
tr	NNS	He jotted down the numbers , his expression steely and engaged .
tr	NN	Sweat made my hand clammy as I waited for them to come into the room .
tr	NN	On the fourth flight , Mr. Gordon leaned over the railing and screamed at them .
tr	NNS	It snapped yellow fangs in visible threat .
tr	NN	His father deserved retribution for what those lying thieves had done .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of Rhyme , and his face turned into a sneer .
tr	NNS	He caught the scents of five men , two that he recognized from the lab .
tr	NN	She had a pillow over your face , Billie .
tr	NN	Liam checked the magazine on his gun , tucked it back in the holster .
tr	NN	I could hear my aunt Esther murmuring in Greek , but I couldn 't make out the words .
tr	NN	Then , he grilled a large steak for dinner and settled into the aft seating area for a quiet meal .
tr	NNS	We do the chores we have to do , clean out the stalls , feed all the animals , and that 's about it .
tr	NN	Mom used the Bunsen burner to make coffee while she was working this morning .
tr	NN	How else would we police the behaviour of Norms , and punish them promptly for not doing their work ? "
tr	NNS	He didn 't fear Jess ... but maybe he did fear what she could do to him and what she could mean to him .
tr	NNS	Instead , she focused her telepathic senses on the man that Julie had pointed out and sent a powerful dissonant stream of thoughts into his consciousness .
tr	NN	I see a glimpse of his face and his cheeks turn fiery red .
tr	NNS	I mean ... billions ... to just us ?
tr	NNS	She peeled her stockings off slowly , one at a time , and tossed them aside as well .
tr	NN	The dog was licking chocolate from the Ogre 's hand .
tr	NNS	Despite the older man 's graying hair and age , Doug saw similarities to Juliette .
tr	NNS	He dropped two paces behind Hollister , covering his back .
tr	NN	The Colonel stuffed a towel under the door , lit a cigarette , and said , " Fair enough , kids .
tr	NN	Fight the urge to go into the woods and kill ?
tr	NNS	She was handing balls off to Joan just moments ago .
tr	NN	" I considered a rental , but after talking with Robert we both agreed that having it custom made would be so much better .
tr	NN	Hardly anyone ventured up the bleak hill at this time of night .
tr	NNS	That woman gives me the creeps . "
tr	NNS	Ken clapped Jess on the back .
tr	NN	" Don 't ruin your mascara . "
tr	NN	It even has the vote of confidence from our father as well . "
tr	NN	Red brings up his rifle and growls .
tr	NNS	He can filter out the lies and propaganda to a useful end . "
tr	NNS	But I have a few conditions . "
tr	NNS	Sam would have broken down Kara 's defenses , charmed her out of her panties and then discarded her for his next conquest .
tr	NNS	I don 't like those ginger biscuits either .
tr	NNS	After converting , Ashoka treated his subjects as equals regardless of their religion , politics or caste .
tr	NNS	" She mustn 't chase deer . "
tr	NNS	I pulled off my goggles and swim cap and hung them from the top hooks in my locker .
tr	NNS	" You have great powers within you .
tr	NNS	I usually don 't read the sports pages , but I did read the articles under your by-line .
tr	NNS	Our police forces are constantly doing sweeping operations to apprehend them . "
tr	NN	Blood trickled down his beak and seeped through his feathers .
tr	NN	I experienced a sinking sensation in my stomach at the thought of trying to follow someone through a huge city with which I was totally unfamiliar .
tr	NN	Quentin finally took pity on Savannah and pried Joey off of her hands .
tr	NNS	" We all have issues . "
tr	NN	She set down the receiver and smiled at Joe B. " The Big Boss won 't see you today . "
tr	NNS	" I was just loading some peaches into that basket thing when it upped and ran away on me ! "
tr	NNS	It made special connections in their developing brains .
tr	NN	And when it comes to Indian philosophy , compartmentalizing its various branches also facilitates comparison with Western philosophy .
tr	NN	" They actually refused a trade ? "
tr	NNS	" So far we have no reports of Chinese troops in Portland , Oregon .
tr	NN	He owned a spanking bench , a cross , and a cage , along with several other pieces of equipment .
tr	NN	Or make her womb clench ?
tr	NNS	" You offered me a million bucks . "
tr	NNS	I could rent a racquet and purchase balls at the club .
tr	NNS	The sight and feel of her sweet innocence lying beside him drove all his doubts and fears away .
tr	NN	He ended up landing on me , his weight knocking the breath from me .
tr	NNS	" No ... Carmen has issues .
tr	NN	They took the stairwell up to the second floor , came off the landing , and headed down the corridor into Level 2 .
tr	NNS	Gray pictured the scorch marks on the building .
tr	NN	Though she was melting with readiness , it had always taken a measure of force for him to breach her .
tr	NN	She should have been screaming a protest ; instead she stood very still absorbing the feel of his hands on her body .
tr	NNS	" We just won 't pick any fruits we aren 't sure of . "
tr	NNS	They both ordered steaks and a baked potato along with cold beers , which arrived quickly .
tr	NN	He punctuated his advice by pulling her back closer to his chest .
tr	NNS	Then they 'll drop explosives down the holes to collapse any underground chambers .
tr	NN	She could see the highway from the parking lot .
tr	NN	" A little more respect would do no harm .
tr	NNS	I remember pleading and arguments and much talk , and even some quarreling over mates , but always it was in the realm of songs or words .
tr	NN	But we have no psychologist .
tr	NN	Third , you must complete the task by the stroke of midnight .
tr	NNS	He lifted her , set her up high on the rim of the sleeping chamber , his hands parting her thighs .
tr	NNS	He placed his palms on her legs and gently spread them .
tr	NNS	Recently , he hadn 't given his dogs as much attention as they normally received .
tr	NN	He admired that trait because he was the same way .
tr	NN	Edward placed the cap from Stewart on his head in order to make the exchange .
tr	NNS	I had no illusions that Betty Joe would be grateful enough to me to spare me , if I should get caught right now .
tr	NN	Murdoch cast a look askance at Nikolai , but Nikolai shook his head .
tr	NN	HQ had obviously given Stick the worst leftover of the fleet .
tr	NNS	' After eleven . '
tr	NN	Behind that door lay my destiny .
tr	NNS	Felt like pebbles in a bag of mush .
tr	NNS	In that month , he had dispatched teams of personnel from the Republic Corps of Engineers to build a vacation suite for them .
tr	NNS	" His work performance has improved tenfold , he shows up on time , he 's even getting new clients for the business .
tr	NN	With that , he yanks my black t-shirt up with one hand and rips the clear plastic dressing off my stomach with the other .
tr	NNS	She wore silver bands above her elbows , and elaborate braids threaded her long hair .
tr	NNS	" I have skills ... you guys just don 't know .
tr	NNS	Extending his arm , he showed off our new accommodations .
tr	NN	He didn 't rate or compare ; he simply enjoyed .
tr	NN	He could skip the reception ... no .
tr	NNS	They had taken up the front pews , while Frank stood before them with his thumbs in his pockets .
tr	NNS	You have obligations to your family .
tr	NN	He rammed the small cylinder into the empty slot at the front of the bike , fitting the power drive into the vehicle .
tr	NN	Stefan I would make an excellent tsar .
tr	NNS	It went inward several inches and then began turning by itself .
tr	NN	Her poor vision made her dizzy .
tr	NN	Other purchases included blue and white paint , black clothing dye , bleach and a sizable rectangle of black fabric .
tr	NNS	" I believe in you though , " the little boy gave me a thumps up .
tr	NN	" See , I 've got an inheritance from a great uncle that comes to me when I turn twenty-five .
tr	NNS	Abbey studied the white clouds forming into huge mansions in the sky .
tr	NN	He then waited an additional half-hour to see if anyone would intrude .
tr	NN	Shivers ran down my spine , and Mike and Jack exchanged worried glances .
tr	NNS	" Luce , you are busting my balls big-time today . "
tr	NN	He kicked open a stall with the toe of his black boot as he kept an eye on me .
tr	NN	I gave Lacey the short version of Big Larry 's airport saga .
tr	NN	I patted the sheath at my hip .
tr	NNS	We carried cameras to record things we 'd never show anyone and sleeping bags and air mattresses .
tr	NN	A train came roaring by , and the second truck waited for it to pass .
tr	NNS	I brooded the few blocks over to the station .
tr	NN	She felt the urge to raise her hand , making contact with thumbnail and teeth , but mentally insisted she keep her hands folded in her lap .
tr	NNS	He stood only a few electric inches from my side .
tr	NNS	A lot of climbers didn 't wear helmets anyway , but she and Derek always had .
tr	NN	I wrapped the large white towel around me and opened the bathroom door .
tr	NN	Whose phrase had that been ?
tr	NN	The android configured the cube to accelerate a test pod 's speed through time .
tr	NNS	She undid the knots , her fingers fumbling as she hurried .
tr	NNS	He palmed her breasts and stroked his thumbs over her extended points .
tr	NNS	He wore the same rags that were covered in dark red stains .
tr	NNS	He took a few shallow breaths .
tr	NNS	We got cans and took the supply of gas .
tr	NN	I felt my body sail away from the heat of the fire .
tr	NN	" Well , sir , I sent my assistant .
tr	NN	" Oh my god what have I done ? "
tr	NNS	" The plot has many twists and turns ; very much like golf . "
tr	NN	Up ahead he could see a circle of men and blazing torches and emanating from some unseen force within it , he heard the clash of swords .
tr	NN	I 've heard the farm where you board is to be sold . "
tr	NNS	" Not tonight , he must have hidden his tracks to give himself some time . "
tr	NNS	Old tarnished coins , nearly black with age , rattled and danced .
tr	NNS	It was like rubbing their noses in their lost status .
tr	NNS	I can 't take any chances . "
tr	NN	Beautiful enough to ... " She saw his jaw clamp and the now-familiar , telltale muscle leap .
tr	NNS	" You make his models ? "
tr	NNS	Nora bumped her pelvis up against mine .
tr	NNS	So far , all they 've been doing is sending out murderers to kill off various members of the opposing side .
tr	NNS	" You can call off the dogs now . "
tr	NN	Young people who cannot afford to dine , can gain admission to the bar and also take part in the dance .
tr	NN	The panic made his muscles quiver .
tr	NNS	Stella and Jamie had each abandoned their stacks of mail and were now following my lead , looking through the papers on the floor .
tr	NNS	He opened his psychic senses , searching , probing .
tr	NNS	Chapter 17 During last period , Mr. Honeybee told the students to get together with their partners to discuss their project .
tr	NN	Sure she had a scholarship , sure her future was set , but it felt like she 'd won it at too great a cost .
tr	NNS	We slowed our movements and I carefully started to remove myself from her .
tr	NN	And maybe a rawhide chew toy for the dog .
tr	NN	As he turned off the shower and tossed Lily a towel , he caught her frowning .
tr	NNS	Especially since I 'd rather not tell my folks either , just yet . "
tr	NN	He pulled from it a small vial of wine and circle of bread about two inches across .
tr	NN	Varg let out a growl that somehow sounded affirmative .
tr	NNS	Miss Jennings wasn 't even taking breaths between her sentences .
tr	NNS	" Then why did you convince their leaders to leave ? "
tr	NN	I miss the simple , comforting sensation of a hug .
tr	NN	Egwene could faintly smell paint in the air .
tr	NN	Alone again , Johnny let out a deep groan ; rich in maturity .
tr	NN	Why did she have this effect on me ?
tr	NN	About six days ago they had a breakthrough with the oldest male in the bunch .
tr	NNS	Where else could he possibly have had those biscuits ?
tr	NN	Zeke wouldn 't have any harm come to the woman that was his .
tr	NN	The fact that Talon isn 't making a distinction between kindred and human Blood in this instance ... " He sighed .
tr	NNS	Disappointed , but unsurprised , Seven 's shrug spoke volumes to his own experiences .
tr	NN	I grab my napkin and hold it out as the doting waitress eagerly appears and provides a pen .
tr	NN	After explaining the circumstances behind his father 's death , Jennifer tapped the file .
tr	NNS	For the first two hours he was home , he read mail and financial reports and clippings , but only what Paulette had screened .
tr	NNS	" Two older gentlemen .
tr	NNS	Logan taps near the line that reads equity at or below five hundred thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	They light their laser torches and start cutting the titanium beams .
tr	NNS	" I 'll read your conclusions when you have finished .
tr	NN	" Tell your laird that he is welcomed as a friend .
tr	NNS	" Could anyone else have made contacts or glasses for her ? "
tr	NN	This time I resist the urge to jerk away .
tr	NNS	I press my palms against the smooth satin of my dress , trying to tell the butterflies to settle once again .
tr	NNS	" And if you don 't put zat ' at on , I 'm telling tales of you to Madame Rossini ! "
tr	NNS	They speared hot dogs on sticks and blistered them in the fire .
tr	NNS	It would detect any electromagnetic bursts for a wide range of frequencies .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , a few moments later the bell rings and we change classes .
tr	NNS	They would need supplies in order to get home , and they would have to figure out what to do with their two prisoners .
tr	NNS	Birdy leaped backwards and began to transform .
tr	NNS	Those guys have the bucks and Kip 's the main man .
tr	NN	All she had to do was wait ... and keep the faith .
tr	NNS	He found two cans of gas in the garage and carried them inside .
tr	NNS	He picked up the two pink message slips on the corner of her desk .
tr	NNS	They had few illusions about their own value to the villagers , or of the people 's drunken state .
tr	NN	Posting the data directly to internal servers , she composed an email to Dr. Kapoor .
tr	NNS	They had no leads and the officer admitted that they probably never would unless my memory of the event returned .
tr	NN	With a grimace , he acknowledged the justice of my question .
tr	NNS	The farther down this cascading creation you looked , the more imperfect and evil those creations , all the way down to pure matter .
tr	NN	As she did , she snuck a quick peek to see if she 'd missed any messages while she 'd been occupied with her mother .
tr	NN	Starbuck and Wert slowed their descent and monitored the enemy within the building , careful not to drift to where they might be seen .
tr	NN	' When he was about thirteen or fourteen he wanted a keyboard .
tr	NN	Therefore , it would require a massive operation and I suspect there would be many military losses ; the rebels have a major advantage below ground . '
tr	NNS	Eden rubs his temples in an attempt to remember .
tr	NNS	She wore oversized fuzzy reindeer slippers and a red and green checkered robe .
tr	NNS	I felt my pockets , but the card wasn 't in these jeans .
tr	NN	" Whatever Blak ancestor of mine that 's trying to possess you can decipher the spell . "
tr	NN	I grabbed a rifle and two handguns and rustled through the ammunition boxes for more bullets .
tr	NN	" What do you call the volcano ?
tr	NNS	He took several items off the rack and thrust them at her .
tr	NNS	She was finishing up the dishes and wiping down the counters as she caught the oldest twin around the waist .
tr	NN	Listen , I have a very important package to send you . "
tr	NNS	He wanted brightness and he wanted colour .
tr	NN	He delivered the instruction for the engines to be shut down .
tr	NNS	I counted up my money , one-hundred and sixty two bucks , and shoved it in my pocket .
tr	NNS	Not a good thing , especially now , when as Coop said , she couldn 't distinguish the crazies from the murderers .
tr	NNS	Mud and scum streak black marks over my neck and arms .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps you should hear the terms before making your decision . "
tr	NNS	The acrid taste of sweat and salt water filled my senses , and for a moment I forgot myself .
tr	NN	The rat twisted a knob on the large , wooden door and pulled it open , ushering the three of them into the room beyond .
tr	NNS	" She carries twins . "
tr	NN	They , too , may remember its meaning and speak of it . "
tr	NN	None of them deserved the treatment the Lycans had shown them .
tr	NN	Well , Ford had a plant in Richmond , California .
tr	NN	She straightened out the hem and twisted the fabric around until it sat properly .
tr	NNS	Emma sprinted , her feet screaming , her gaze on the street just a few yards away .
tr	NNS	I 've read The Program pamphlets , the ones my mother used to leave by the phone .
tr	NNS	Perhaps her mother didn 't realize the dangers of being on the mountain after dark .
tr	NN	" Everyone get your cake and find a seat .
tr	NN	And each lawyer has his or her own style , to be sure .
tr	NN	Shifters don 't understand the meaning of privacy , do they ? "
tr	NNS	One by one , he discarded his blades .
tr	NN	She replaced the receiver , but her hand held firmly on to it , knowing this was her one last connection with Ted .
tr	NNS	Both men had their coats off , guns in full view .
tr	NNS	I 'll even have her meals delivered by mechanical tray . "
tr	NNS	This one has no pockets .
tr	NNS	You will have many opportunities to acquire wisdom .
tr	NNS	" Maybe I can scrounge together another few dollars . "
tr	NN	Often at the end of an invasion , tenacious minorities began a furtive resistance that caused damage once unimaginable owing to new technologies .
tr	NNS	The women were washing dishes .
tr	NN	He and his team had been studying the shifting landscape of class-action litigation .
tr	NN	When he turned for an instant , she caught a glimpse of his face .
tr	NN	It had a big Finnish flag on the case .
tr	NN	" But , momma , I already take a bath every day . "
tr	NN	I could still feel the electricity running through my system .
tr	NN	Tents were down with people rolling up the canvas and lumber frame into convenient , manageable bundles .
tr	NNS	The tone roused Ted 's suspicions .
tr	NNS	Within a minute , he had the reins of both animals , and led them to her .
tr	NNS	I can roast the Vienna sausages on my own .
tr	NN	Trajan removes the second boot and turns at the waist to look across at us .
tr	NN	She flared tin , using the pain to shock herself awake , clearing her mind .
tr	NN	Musical men held a certain attraction for me , and I 'd love it if he serenaded me .
tr	NNS	Taro noticed drops of blackbird 's blood running down his wrist .
tr	NN	The idea sent an ache straight to her heart that nearly overpowered her .
tr	NNS	Then he slid his fangs into her jugular again , deeper this time , sinking them to the hilt .
tr	NNS	And of course , the only ones who had outside of herself , apparently , had special powers to protect themselves .
tr	NN	The photo lists its location as a museum in Calcutta in 1945 .
tr	NN	Both Wendell and the blonde girl had empty bowls and soup spoons perched in their laps .
tr	NNS	At their meetings they do spells and try to summon up demons and spirits . "
tr	NN	Did the others hear the faint hitch in her words ?
tr	NNS	A sudden panic floods my senses .
tr	NN	He mashed his fingertip into it and smiled at the feeling of every nuance of the split .
tr	NNS	I still have classes to prepare for and papers to grade .
tr	NNS	Diablo held several small knives in his left hand and proceeded to throw them at her in calculated rhythm .
tr	NN	She picked up the drawer and went to join the others in the living room .
tr	NN	He did not want a repeat of his previous boarding attempt .
tr	NN	" That means ' knight ' in French . "
tr	NN	He fought the urge to shake Artemis .
tr	NNS	Then she felt nauseous again and threw up on the back seat floor boards .
tr	NNS	He 'd heard flowery descriptions from old books about this moment ... about women tasting like champagne and strawberries and other such nonsense .
tr	NNS	That priest of hers can do wonders to ensure you 're on the right path . "
tr	NN	He held up the wolf 's - head totem .
tr	NNS	Ava never used her powers on me .
tr	NNS	I filled the cups halfway with water , knowing that I 'd spill them otherwise .
tr	NN	This dealer has a good reputation though .
tr	NN	You must lower your block for me to help you .
tr	NN	This is like using your imagination , but stronger .
tr	NN	' You killed a copper !
tr	NN	I check the monitor .
tr	NN	The bird slipped the net . "
tr	NNS	He returned the two long , jagged knives to their sheaths on his back , and turned around .
tr	NNS	He didn 't regret his actions , because it was all about guarding his own heart .
tr	NN	" You don 't have a chef ? "
tr	NN	Maybe we could find a talisman for you to wear tomorrow . "
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	You can totally do consulting without a PhD . "
tr	NN	Through the falling snow , they watched someone hurrying toward the plane .
tr	NNS	Approaching the door , the lock doesn 't appear to have been broken , I don 't even see scratches .
tr	NN	Don 't indulge her personality simply because she has red hair .
tr	NN	But his hostess had clearly planted discomfort in the two officers ' minds .
tr	NN	She threw her napkin on the table and stood , ready to flee .
tr	NNS	Nick pulled empty magazines from another box and passed those out as well .
tr	NN	She heard the sharpness in her own voice , and softened it with an effort .
tr	NN	" For a vampire , physical lust , desire , will stir the blood hunger .
tr	NNS	It emptied the beach cottages and town homes and condos and hotel rooms as the tourists strolled through the sand toward the water .
tr	NN	Steve turned and marched to the front door , but stopped , his hand gripping the knob .
tr	NN	" Ah , darlin ' , " he murmured , " nothing that happened before I met you has any meaning . "
tr	NN	He fought the urge , but he knew she was right about what he should do , and that was why he was doing it .
tr	NNS	The things I buy have very distant expiry dates , so they 're not likely to go bad .
tr	NN	His voice sounded a little gruff .
tr	NNS	" Don 't break ranks .
tr	NNS	I fed my birds and we talked .
tr	NN	He 'd checked every detail connected with going to Tower Bridge .
tr	NN	" There 's not much I can do beyond bandaging his more serious wounds , I don 't have the equipment for anything else .
tr	NN	So , I pull up an empty document to type but my fingers struggle on the keys , a little of the trembling coming back .
tr	NNS	Now , with the recent attack , the Justice Building sits about ten yards away from the edge of a new crater .
tr	NN	Kill whatever humanity I had left .
tr	NNS	Strands of silver hair lined her temples , but her face showed few signs of aging .
tr	NNS	The very first glance at the funnel restored dimensions and perspective to his world , and this in itself was like delivery from prison .
tr	NN	Are you finished darlin ' ?
tr	NNS	" Must we repeat the same arguments yet again ? "
tr	NNS	The three weeks after that , Cybele ticked off the two top items on Rodrigo 's list , over and over .
tr	NN	She went slick around him and uttered a soft moan as he strained against her .
tr	NNS	The entire staff of the God of War 's bridge could now see the large ships at a distance .
tr	NN	He was pulled off his bicycle by police ... " " He has been found guilty , " Hyperion interrupted .
tr	NN	Dad started pacing again .
tr	NN	Every hour or so , I would produce a handful of printouts , which she would then settle down to read .
tr	NN	Obviously he still found her childish .
tr	NNS	And turn the cameras and the recorders on - I assume you turned them off .
tr	NN	She had that effect on people .
tr	NNS	All four boys pulled chairs around Raegan and me .
tr	NNS	" Did you tell your folks about the job ? "
tr	NN	" I 'll always want a little kink .
tr	NN	" Won 't claim my Bride in a dungeon . "
tr	NN	The tea and croissant she 'd indulged in that morning no longer held the gnawing hunger at bay .
tr	NN	But for a lorry waiting for the haulage company gates to clear , they saw no other traffic .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers back so she could join him .
tr	NNS	I pulled the two cards out and handed them to her .
tr	NNS	" You 've studied witches ? "
tr	NN	Her green skin color only enhances the resemblance .
tr	NNS	He lights candles and forgets about them , only to find the wax and ashes the next day .
tr	NN	Then he dropped the towel suddenly and removed his gun from its holster .
tr	NNS	" You love giant bats . "
tr	NNS	The world was waking slowly around her with the echo of engines running , other dogs barking in the distance .
tr	NN	I had made an actual impression as opposed to all the other girls that had frolicked in and out of Hunter 's life .
tr	NN	He took the offering , but a part of his mind was trying to figure out what she was taking about .
tr	NN	Ethan resisted the urge to cover himself .
tr	NN	Stepping back , I allow the nightgown to fall to the floor and step inside .
tr	NN	His steps belied his physical health as he confidently lengthened his stride .
tr	NNS	For an hour and a half he mopped floors , scrubbed counters , and washed dishes .
tr	NN	Some residents would throw a tantrum if they didn 't have their bread with both jam and peanut butter , as they were used to .
tr	NNS	Darcy didn 't miss the bite marks on Sebastian 's chest .
tr	NN	His idea of justice and his plans for achieving it easily blotted out the possibility of sentiment .
tr	NNS	" From the mouths of babes .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths and let the moment unfold .
tr	NNS	I 'd seen wolves before out in the woods with my father , but never one like him .
tr	NNS	" She wouldn 't eat her mushrooms ? "
tr	NN	He put the picnic basket on the dresser next to a flat-screen TV and waved toward a bottle of white zinfandel on his nightstand .
tr	NN	He put a squirt of ketchup on it .
tr	NNS	The two guards took positions on either side of Carmichael and wielded their powers .
tr	NNS	I 've honed my skills on the art of lying .
tr	NNS	They do trail rides , and riding lessons and the like .
tr	NN	Chapter Twenty One " This is a very informative book , " Zoe said , a smirk on her face , as she looked up at Paris .
tr	NN	She had the urge to walk up to it and sniff , but , instead , she left the room .
tr	NN	He must have felt pity for me , otherwise he never would have smiled and answered .
tr	NN	" So you really like my butt ? "
tr	NNS	He needs different methods . "
tr	NNS	When he gets mad or he gets scared , he has issues with breathing . "
tr	NN	And , like her , he 'd lost his spouse .
tr	NN	When she reaches the end , she turns a knob on the bottle , releasing the contents at full throttle .
tr	NN	She put down the magazine and closed her eyes , angling her face toward the sun .
tr	NNS	Each wall holds protective spells written in deep black phrases and characters .
tr	NN	If not , we should pick a more honest god ! "
tr	NN	" I don 't know , " he said , his forehead scrunching , which then brought out a wince of pain from him .
tr	NNS	I could hear the wheels turning inside his mind as he decided whether slapping me around would be worth his death .
tr	NNS	They also held torches , their shadows bouncing off the walls .
tr	NNS	I 've broken two fingernails .
tr	NN	" We may not intend further mental treatment .
tr	NNS	Rachel glanced down at hers and Bruce looked at his and in a perfectly synchronized movement , they switched plates .
tr	NNS	And they all had feeder roads .
tr	NNS	Lanai donned the overalls and spoke to the cavity .
tr	NNS	Matthew pushed Alexis out of the way and was hit in the chest .
tr	NNS	The conversation raised the hairs on the back of his neck .
tr	NNS	Slaves increase many opportunities for the ruling class .
tr	NNS	They passed all the bikes over the wall that way , and then Nate and Summer boosted themselves up and over .
tr	NNS	They 'd had twenty talk-show requests , ten offers for couples books .
tr	NNS	We paid about ten patients to keep the nurses busy , but we should hurry . "
tr	NN	He slid one hand beneath the lace , fondling her , then finally freed each nipple from the lace .
tr	NN	The young woman dressed in servant 's clothes gingerly dabbed a cool cloth across the old man 's forehead .
tr	NN	Rand ignored the rebuke and asked , " Since when did our father play by the rules ? "
tr	NNS	In his truck , they 'd found zip ties , a hunting knife , a cattle brand , and black nylon rope .
tr	NNS	They met more ships as they approached the south of Sweden .
tr	NN	Although her words were meant to sting , Tara sensed a weight lifting from Duncan 's shoulders .
tr	NNS	" We 'll have two coffees and chocolate chip pancakes . "
tr	NN	She took her oath with a comely smile , and when she crossed her legs she had an audience .
tr	NN	The situation with the ward is taking priority now .
tr	NN	I grabbed my communicator and read the list of names that White had sent me .
tr	NN	She takes the cap off a black tube about the size of one of my fingers , revealing a red stick .
tr	NNS	They found two chairs in the hall and huddled over their breakfast .
tr	NNS	I must gather my supplies and then I 'll be to the laird 's chamber . "
tr	NN	He felt the sincerity of her grief , that what she 'd lost had been more important to her than her own life .
tr	NNS	Families moving here for the school and somewhat country bumpkin lifestyle have brought other family members who then brought even more family members .
tr	NN	You have no conception of the monsters we are dealing with .
tr	NNS	She got their coffees and hovered near the sofa .
tr	NNS	" Use your instincts and let the hook do the work .
tr	NN	I gave him some legal advice a few months ago .
tr	NN	The Chair admonished the speaker , adding emphasis on ' observers ' .
tr	NN	Each could have held its own universe , separated for eternity from its neighbour , by the grey stone boundary .
tr	NNS	You can use personal items as a binding spell .
tr	NNS	The Angel invited the sisters to go in .
tr	NNS	If you looked in the windows , you would see all the trappings of a real lived-in apartment .
tr	NN	Winston handed the package to one of his team , and said , " Five , please . "
tr	NN	I could feel a knot starting to form in my stomach again .
tr	NN	" It also brings self-confidence back to the villages .
tr	NNS	With cool fingers , he parted the cups , freeing her to his gaze .
tr	NNS	She felt dizzy , and there was more to it than simply the pitching and swaying of the ship .
tr	NNS	Garn felt no such restrictions .
tr	NNS	So do prominent physicians around the world who have treated patients with this problem .
tr	NNS	All of which spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	You 'll have all the trappings of wealth .
tr	NNS	" Your tax dollars ? "
tr	NN	I heard Derek protest , but she just ignored him .
tr	NNS	And he lost addresses .
tr	NN	However , Charlie and I both still have a goal , and that 's to figure out what the hell happened to us yesterday .
tr	NN	He traced her jawline with one finger .
tr	NN	He has a smirk on his face when he sees me with Matt .
tr	NN	I made a " come closer " gesture with my finger and waited for him to humor me and lean nearer as well .
tr	NN	How he took Alaina 's inheritance away and gave it to you . "
tr	NNS	They even regularly delivered him meals after closing .
tr	NNS	You three just get some supplies and go .
tr	NNS	I 'm not taking any chances this evening .
tr	NNS	They took the first two blocks at a good pace , and then turned to stand at the bus stop .
tr	NN	I could see his chiseled abs popping through the thick material of his shirt , covered slightly by his black blazer .
tr	NNS	I flipped the pages .
tr	NN	I don 't have any extra mental real estate to devote to him .
tr	NNS	" This barbecue sauce took ribbons eight years straight at the Deptford Township Fall Festival . "
tr	NNS	Another described the attributes of a blonde-haired daughter and there was one for a four-bedroom home .
tr	NN	" And maybe you should shove that logic up your ass ! "
tr	NN	From within a tent , a human narrated the video .
tr	NN	They slowly walked down the hill to the banks of the river .
tr	NNS	Maybe I 'm splitting ethical hairs , but I don 't feel right taking a deduction this time . "
tr	NN	He never ordered my new equipment .
tr	NN	Captain Perry motioned the corporal to follow and the two left the man to his drink .
tr	NNS	He immediately puked up his waffles and coffee .
tr	NN	" Thought you might need some paint , also . "
tr	NN	He heard another swift intake of breath when the trees suddenly cleared and there it was .
tr	NN	It entered a lagoon through a pass that was perhaps 30 yards wide .
tr	NN	His voice had unusual nasally quality to it .
tr	NN	" I do not like your unflattering comparison of my woman to another . "
tr	NN	No ordinary being can kill a dragon .
tr	NN	He had an urge to go back to his room and flip through them but decided it wasn 't the time for sadness and regret .
tr	NNS	It probably should have given her more nightmares .
tr	NNS	I had left the blinds drawn up and the opaque curtains open , and the night unrolled past the glass in all its dark glory .
tr	NN	Anna picked up the receiver .
tr	NN	She respected their privacy and never checked on them while they were sleeping or on sleep overs .
tr	NNS	The Book of the Dead had neutralized all the other spells .
tr	NNS	Simon inched nearer and nudged her with one elbow .
tr	NN	I 'd been given this reprieve of six years and I felt cheated not to have more .
tr	NN	The Japanese physicist has worked up a rough estimate for when it might blow .
tr	NN	In eight short months , Cassandra would turn twenty-seven .
tr	NN	" You have a little chocolate right there next to your lip . "
tr	NN	" I 'm a man of my word , " he told her dangerously .
tr	NN	She placed the vase of flowers on the island .
tr	NNS	" Well , well , " Rachael said remotely .
tr	NN	I let out another groan as I yanked them on .
tr	NNS	I was having serious doubts about trying to investigate alongside the police .
tr	NN	A silent glance in his direction caused a knot to form in my stomach .
tr	NN	Varg disdained the gangplank .
tr	NNS	And the malnutrition and the parasites . "
tr	NNS	Hot and uncomfortable knots twisted my insides .
tr	NNS	" Oh , you 've done the interviews but you just haven 't told her she 's hired . "
tr	NNS	' They have giant robots . '
tr	NNS	The churches round here have had lead-free roofs for years . '
tr	NN	He held the slightest smirk on his face , challenging me , which only baffled me more .
tr	NN	" I have a proposition for you .
tr	NN	Ryan was reading a magazine on the couch facing the two women .
tr	NN	You never had possession of it , never had a claim .
tr	NN	The fact that she was already out in the middle of the Caribbean sealed her fate .
tr	NN	A modest house with an equally modest barn marked McGrady 's farm .
tr	NNS	Jesse still visited members of the Great Family , at Christmas and Easter .
tr	NNS	Looking left , Paul could see the identical red tiled roofs of a new housing estate .
tr	NN	We 've basically taken down his entire operation with evidence to keep them all locked up for the next century .
tr	NNS	Since then sometimes although I am certain of my veracity I still have vestigial doubts .
tr	NNS	" Why not use fangs ?
tr	NN	Mitch , with his one eye , lost his equilibrium and almost went for a swim .
tr	NNS	The people here expect miracles from our Benes and now they 've been badly rattled .
tr	NN	He preferred solitude , isolation , dealings with individuals , one to a few at a time , certainly not several all at once .
tr	NNS	Still , Rhiannon had other talents .
tr	NNS	Then Bartholomew lit the candles , chanting as he did so .
tr	NN	" Give her the rifle . "
tr	NNS	" You won 't get any arguments from me .
tr	NNS	With a big smile , she bypassed Rhys and headed straight for me .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to reach out to him , to take it all back , her throat burning with every word .
tr	NNS	But he knew the chances of that were next to nil .
tr	NNS	But we won 't cut the cameras until after we cut the remote destruction .
tr	NN	Spider whips his dagger out .
tr	NN	I caught the picture frame before it shattered against the fireplace , not sure if Patrick 's intended target had been it or me .
tr	NN	Give the little fellow a shove . "
tr	NNS	Bear looked at me , his expression spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	I shrugged my covers off , stood up , and flicked the lights on .
tr	NN	He , along with the others , had likely been planning a raid on every place I might possibly have gone .
tr	NNS	In less than a heartbeat , he had his briefs off and a condom ready .
tr	NNS	" Anyway , will you all make these payments if Kurt doesn 't come through in the next three days ?
tr	NNS	Whenever he spanked her , she 'd made all the right noises , but it was lies .
tr	NN	I will not have this crap all over my walls . "
tr	NNS	I gather up my supplies .
tr	NN	She felt more than heard his intake of his breath , and his hand that was trapped in her hair pulled her head to face him .
tr	NN	She pulled her napkin off the table , shook it open and placed it on her lap .
tr	NN	My words were not having the effect I wanted .
tr	NNS	Mr. Birch don 't like police reports .
tr	NN	" We 're getting our revenge . "
tr	NN	" Claire 's researching her mother 's disappearance again . "
tr	NNS	We get a thousand dollars and he get the puppies . "
tr	NN	In the forest , the animals , led by the centaur , Orrick , had set up a hidden trap .
tr	NNS	He had not taken measures to revive himself in order to destroy the world .
tr	NNS	What sane board pits the best and worst teams against each other ? "
tr	NN	I casually turned the knob .
tr	NN	Its needs more runway than I have . "
tr	NNS	" I love Emma and Logan 's family dynamics .
tr	NNS	He saw no wolves , but he could hear them whining outside , snarling in the shadows .
tr	NNS	I won 't have any excuses .
tr	NNS	In the last couple month 's pirates had been seizing ships , stealing the goods and selling them on the black market .
tr	NNS	He could see buildings with the evening sun reflected in their windows .
tr	NN	" Anyway , they 're not seeing anybody .
tr	NNS	I pull up the blanket and twirl the fringes under my fingers .
tr	NN	If he were free from that blasted rope , he could climb up the tangle , and get out .
tr	NN	Jennifer could feel the blood drain from her face .
tr	NN	Each man had provided a leather vest , a mail shirt , leather leggings , and a tabard .
tr	NN	Why does everyone get a nickname anyway ?
tr	NNS	" I 'll make arrangements and we can leave once you 've come back . "
tr	NN	" Got ta make hay when the sun don 't shine and all that .
tr	NNS	My friends noticed changes in me .
tr	NN	But then someone found that rifle , which he probably never expected , and you came back .
tr	NN	Why don 't I bring pizza ? "
tr	NN	He made another gesture , like he was wiping off an invisible curtain .
tr	NNS	I saw teens playing Xbox and even grown men playing Xbox .
tr	NN	Gruber tossed the pen aside .
tr	NN	" It 's called indoor plumbing .
tr	NNS	Tonight I 'm changing all the agreements .
tr	NN	He watched her suck in a breath in shock .
tr	NN	Then , as if thinking , While I 'm here ... , she plucked the siren 's anchor out of the rock .
tr	NN	The mailman probably had a package too big for the box ; Jackson liked to order things on the Internet .
tr	NN	Remember who I am , my heritage , my people .
tr	NN	They 'd gotten revenge all right .
tr	NN	Because I feel like an utter loser .
tr	NNS	Linda picked up her cigarettes and tapped one out .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to call Eddie or Kristin and totally freak out .
tr	NNS	" Do you think the gnomes had such reservations about our young when they collapsed our tunnels ?
tr	NNS	Last weekend I was offered gummy bears .
tr	NN	The room was getting hotter , the warlock chanting faster , his black hair curling in the humid heat , sweat gleaming on his cheekbones .
tr	NN	In her right hand she holds a bloodied dagger .
tr	NN	She brought the hilt down at the base of his skull , and he went down like the rest .
tr	NNS	We beheld the fangs in her mouth , tiny , yet sharp as knives .
tr	NN	" Sorry , but I not find doughnut . "
tr	NNS	Next came the bees themselves : just a few at first , drifting through his parted lips .
tr	NNS	He didn 't like other people 's houses especially Morgan 's .
tr	NN	Here , we can gather the richest soil we can find , mix it with our saliva . "
tr	NNS	I can make sandwiches . "
tr	NN	I fight the urge to roll my eyes at her ; I 'm less than two minutes late .
tr	NN	" I mean , we have the First Lord 's signet dagger .
tr	NN	Now she had closure .
tr	NN	He wanted that painting .
tr	NN	She 's pulling extra duty like most cops around the base , tightening up security before next week 's big show .
tr	NN	Then , almost faster than her eye could follow , he lifted the rifle to his shoulder , aimed , and fired .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths and wiped the tears from under my eyes .
tr	NNS	And he hated complications .
tr	NN	Soon the Assassin would have new equipment ; new weapons , the like of which had never been seen .
tr	NNS	With all of the erratic movements , he must anticipate the position changes and lead the shots .
tr	NN	By the time she left me , I had one thought ruling in my mind .
tr	NN	Could it have any meaning at all , then , if it was a part of a mechanism that didn 't fit and didn 't seem needed ?
tr	NN	When the plain wooden casket was covered with earth , they recited the final prayer , the special Kaddish recited at the side of the grave .
tr	NNS	Again pictures adorned the balls , and the holes in the floor had accompanying images as well .
tr	NN	Michael , on the other hand , instantly recognised the uniform , and had heard all the circulating rumours .
tr	NNS	As a professional I can point out these shortcomings and help you overcome them . "
tr	NNS	He wore fawn colored slacks , a green silk shirt , buttoned at the throat , and a camel blazer .
tr	NN	He won 't make a bargain with you ?
tr	NN	She sighed and allowed the nurse to roll her out into a common room .
tr	NNS	She could see two booths at the far end of the room which were partially obscured from her vision .
tr	NN	" Evidently , I make the worst pot roast in the entire universe .
tr	NNS	A father and son team were given the two crossbows and assigned to haunt the woods where another laird liked to hunt .
tr	NNS	" Would you then judge the gods ? "
tr	NNS	Can you pass opportunities in order to avoid censure ? "
tr	NN	The shadow hadn 't moved a millimeter .
tr	NNS	Even my best friend , Becky , flashed tiny fangs at me .
tr	NNS	" A true warrior follows his instincts .
tr	NNS	You won 't take very many deer if you yell at them before you shoot your arrows . "
tr	NN	He missed the pod .
tr	NNS	She was blowing out birthday candles .
tr	NN	She turned stiffly , the hem of her gown swirling around her .
tr	NN	Theresa hung the towel on a rack by the door .
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers down and helped him take off his shirt and jacket and pants .
tr	NNS	I pulled my knives out of her a second time .
tr	NN	" So my husband gave you a pencil ... was it because you were named John ? "
tr	NN	She wouldn 't consider that possibility .
tr	NNS	John followed a few paces behind .
tr	NN	They found common language so fast !
tr	NN	Then , just to make sure he got my point , I released a fresh flow of gastric juices into his inflamed stomach .
tr	NN	' Cyril will miss this stupid concert .
tr	NNS	The Angels , logging twenty thousand years , have those positions filled -- and there they 'll stay until the universe has passed away !
tr	NN	It had a balcony , a narrow driveway , and roses blooming along the lawn .
tr	NN	He puts the cap back on the bottle .
tr	NNS	It took all her legendary self-control to keep from doing so .
tr	NNS	It took only ten bombs for them to destroy it completely .
tr	NN	But avoid the wire on the top . "
tr	NNS	The sea of dark fur passed inches from his face .
tr	NNS	" The Pale take your lies and deceit . "
tr	NN	Later , I check the comm tower to make sure it 's giving off a strong emergency beacon .
tr	NNS	I didn 't like talking specifics about T.J. T.J. didn 't like me talking specifics , either .
tr	NNS	That means no attending classes , no visiting friends he would know about . "
tr	NN	He 'd hid the seriousness of his relationship with Embry .
tr	NN	Melody gave a mock salute and dashed to the window .
tr	NNS	" You wouldn 't believe the fibers being used for yarn these days . "
tr	NNS	The wall felt clammy and gelatinous to the touch .
tr	NN	" Not an easy task .
tr	NNS	The farmers presented all their latest inventions to the people .
tr	NNS	Turning , Chewy saw three , uncapped cans behind him in the middle of the gym .
tr	NNS	They have domestic helpers .
tr	NNS	I love romance novels .
tr	NN	It was similar but instead of a water born drag wing , it had an opposing sister wing that flew several miles beneath the main wing .
tr	NN	But her laugh didn 't hold much humor , even to her ears .
tr	NNS	The sky , too , bled reddish purple between blue clouds .
tr	NNS	To date , the headmaster had never mentioned Thomas 's living arrangements .
tr	NNS	When he offered his rendition of " House of the Rising Sun , " it raised the hairs on Zane 's arms .
tr	NNS	In true life I had other research interests were more suitable to my talents , as opposed to Quantum computer intrigues mentioned here .
tr	NN	" Three different sources are reporting Morgan had a row with a couple senior Council members .
tr	NNS	With the entire organization run out of Beijing , the bureaucrats separated their regional offices with orders for relative autonomy .
tr	NNS	A new leader can purge the party members .
tr	NN	" Excellent , may I see your ID ? "
tr	NN	Azriel stifled a yawn and made the exchange with the person that sat to his right .
tr	NN	" So I can change my outfit whenever I want ? "
tr	NNS	Here , Essex will continuously receive supplies and new recruits from the nearby villages , while we will receive none . "
tr	NNS	He hadn 't purchased the traditional roses but instead presented her with gorgeous , long stemmed , pink and white striped lilies .
tr	NNS	From my cab 's high up vantage point I saw their identifying rooftop numbers and letters .
tr	NNS	The Skull King had been taking no chances .
tr	NNS	' Cause if you are ... " Marcos held up both palms , aware that the people at the next table were watching them .
tr	NNS	The bright colors flooded her senses as he gently pulled aside the cotton and touched her with his fingertips .
tr	NNS	A couple of glass curio cabinets held action figures , both plastic ones and more costly stone molds of superheroes and other fantasy characters .
tr	NNS	The waiter brought their meals and topped off their water glasses .
tr	NNS	The second bomb hit just a few yards away ; he was pelted with foil containers of food and rice .
tr	NNS	" Seth Tate has the hots for her . "
tr	NNS	" We had waffles , watched a movie .
tr	NNS	" No , I like dogs .
tr	NNS	' Will you accept my apologies for the way in which I 've treated you all day ? '
tr	NNS	Mira felt numbers , numbers cascading through her mind .
tr	NN	I learned my lesson about you . "
tr	NN	I wasn 't expecting his swift intake of breath .
tr	NNS	The women wore their finest gowns and adorned their hair with flowers .
tr	NNS	I can tell , ' Serena said passionately .
tr	NNS	I liked the bears .
tr	NNS	They are already lighting the lamps for Vespers . "
tr	NNS	Some of our people opened warehouses .
tr	NN	" You will be given a trial for your crimes - " " No ! "
tr	NNS	They noted the striking similarities in spite of different environment and circumstance .
tr	NNS	Emily , Skylar , and Kate took up positions on both sides of him in a protective stance .
tr	NNS	' Or have you got the hots for Chloe ?
tr	NNS	She flicked the reins , and the horses ' heads came up a fraction .
tr	NNS	Then put the gold coins into bags and walk it over .
tr	NNS	I put my dishes in the sink , went to the door and looked through the peephole .
tr	NNS	Jack slipped his thumbs into pants pocket and walked with an explanatory gait .
tr	NNS	" I haven 't had peanuts in a week .
tr	NN	Kate scanned the article , then she looked around at her staff and told them exactly who she felt deserved the credit for her award .
tr	NN	Swallowing the stew in his mouth , trying to ignore his rising guilt over breaking his Protector oaths .
tr	NNS	" Like they don 't have doctors in Healy who do check-ups ? "
tr	NNS	Her hair down , she looked luscious .
tr	NNS	" But they claim innocents ? "
tr	NNS	In order to cover up for his boredom , he always told his professors he was epileptic and his medicine made him sleepy .
tr	NNS	Quintus dropped his shears .
tr	NNS	A great war broke out , gods against spirits , and humans had to flee from their homes , seeking out the treeless shores .
tr	NN	" I love honey . "
tr	NN	Will , Oliver , and Riley head up the hill with some of their belongings .
tr	NN	" What are you doing hon ? "
tr	NN	Finally he took his own dagger and prodded it at the overlapping dagger blades with a solid ' clink ' .
tr	NNS	He could hear blades clashing .
tr	NN	The young man handed the basket to Susan , and she looked through the dolls dressed in the latest fashions .
tr	NNS	We passed a few tourist shops , Indian beads and jewelry places mostly , until we reached a window displaying turquoise artifacts .
tr	NN	She screwed open a jar of oil .
tr	NNS	Don 't you - know any spells - to make people take on their true forms ? "
tr	NN	Getting stinking drunk wouldn 't ease the ache in my heart , and it sure as hell wouldn 't make me feel better in the morning .
tr	NNS	Gabriel clasped several pairs of hands as he went down the line .
tr	NNS	Nurse Ashley was walking the halls , ringing her bell for the lights out announcement .
tr	NN	He felt a sharp pinch at the base of his skull and then all went black .
tr	NNS	She selected five credit cards out of a deck .
tr	NN	I have faith in you . "
tr	NNS	They shone their torches in her face , burned the back of her skull .
tr	NN	The clever leader will compound the error by moving quickly in the appropriate direction .
tr	NN	I 'm expecting a finders fee , on top of that . "
tr	NNS	Her team stopped the van several blocks away and walked the rest of the way to where they 'd been told the violence would be occurring .
tr	NN	" The next time you feel like getting upset and yelling at the entire council , do us all a favor ? "
tr	NNS	Before long she was running tapes in her head that she found difficult to stop .
tr	NNS	Men took up positions behind them .
tr	NNS	Remove their suits ! "
tr	NN	Would that mean hair removal when the contraption came back off ?
tr	NN	He tossed the rag that he had used to wipe the knife near the buffalo .
tr	NN	Concern for Cade 's life swiftly buried my dread of revealing what he was to anyone else .
tr	NN	He had a towel in his hand , but I wasn 't going to assume he was here to hang out at the pool .
tr	NNS	Norman scanned the gauges before him .
tr	NNS	They 'd have their own rituals , their own ways of mourning .
tr	NNS	He had ascribed typical motives to us all : greed , fear , and power .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples and stared back at Steve .
tr	NN	Over the final peak rested Abraham 's humble little farm .
tr	NNS	There is refueling facilities on Fiery Cross Reef on the other nearby islands which belongs to China .
tr	NN	Second , his international laundering partners were demanding a large sum of money .
tr	NN	The purple globe pushed the fox a league away from the capital city into the wilderness .
tr	NN	She slowly gained altitude , following him up to 7,000 feet at a little over 300 miles an hour .
tr	NN	We both had an itch and we scratched it .
tr	NN	When its belly was full , it gave quite a delightful whole-body twitch and bounded its way up to Timmy 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	She tossed the blades of grass and watched them whirl in the wind on their descent .
tr	NNS	Courtney hid her fears from her grandmother as much as she could .
tr	NNS	He alternated long strokes of his tongue with quick , biting kisses , always avoiding the tiny swollen bud that craved his attention .
tr	NN	Bob pulled his service revolver and aimed it at the padlock .
tr	NN	Within a few minutes of casual wandering , I 'd rounded the baggage claim and started following the co-pilot 's instructions .
tr	NNS	Cook had brought some sandwiches for us and was just leaving when you arrived .
tr	NN	Otherwise your blood wouldn 't have such a powerful effect on me . "
tr	NNS	She 'd missed enough classes to flunk out of college .
tr	NNS	He used his talents to kidnap the child .
tr	NN	I spotted an unlit candle and a box of matches on the black granite countertop .
tr	NN	If the company will negotiate directly with us , and bypass their outside counsel , then they can save a bloody fortune and give it to us .
tr	NN	He heard her breath shudder through her lips .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen the police photographs .
tr	NN	He drew the dagger , pleased to find that while the hilt was richly decorated , the blade was good steel , and sharp .
tr	NNS	Even if it took explosives -- he really liked explosives .
tr	NNS	Leave all her troubles behind .
tr	NNS	" I 've taken debate classes .
tr	NN	Dan made a swatting gesture with his hand .
tr	NN	There was dawning comprehension in Romanov 's eyes , horror , and what amounted to terror .
tr	NN	From 10,000 feet they got their first glimpse of the earth .
tr	NNS	The Hab mostly uses the batteries at night .
tr	NNS	Alaska had cigarettes , although the Colonel neglected to ask whether 4 .
tr	NNS	For the first time higher in the sky , she saw birds .
tr	NNS	Even the thought of danger had awakened my darker instincts , and every sense was sharp .
tr	NN	But He sees the universe and the plight of humans from a wholly different perspective from ours .
tr	NNS	I turned and followed the directions the front desk volunteer had given me .
tr	NNS	I see the hollow emptiness of space as the hatch door opened and his body flew out .
tr	NN	Gabriel gave the mental equivalent of a shrug .
tr	NNS	The elves set down their cards , and stood to attention .
tr	NN	He kissed her injured temple at the bottom of the torn skin .
tr	NNS	Besides , a mate challenge has its proper rituals , as you should know .
tr	NN	Shivers scurried down her spine .
tr	NNS	I dug my fingernails into his back , pulling those muscles further into me .
tr	NNS	Did I really have scratches ?
tr	NN	I 'll save the clan if I can , then slip away .
tr	NN	He digs the shovel into the red dirt , scooping up the hard soil .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	After a few hours I would say goodnight to Jett and head off to bed exhausted .
tr	NNS	In the process of cleaning , she 'd found envelopes addressed to Jack in a woman 's flowing hand .
tr	NN	" Begging your pardon , and your pardon too , your lordship . "
tr	NNS	He doubled his efforts , his SEAL training kicking in .
tr	NN	He doesn 't have so much as a parking violation . "
tr	NNS	" Was it audiovisual senses out of sync , as in autism ? "
tr	NNS	He set up our dinner plates with , chicken marsala , roasted red potatoes and garlic asparagus .
tr	NNS	But I have no excuses .
tr	NNS	You 'll have gorgeous babies . "
tr	NN	He pulled the comb out of his pocket and threw it to James .
tr	NN	Jack then pulled her roughly down to him and kissed her hard on the mouth .
tr	NNS	Did we reach any conclusions ?
tr	NNS	I pitied his past lovers more than ever .
tr	NN	" I swore vengeance .
tr	NNS	Because she 'd been so attracted to Larry , she 'd made the wrong assumptions about his feelings for her .
tr	NN	She reapplied her eyeliner , then the mascara .
tr	NN	Katie looked up , her eyes soft with wistful nostalgia .
tr	NN	The woman placed a menu in front of Olivia as she sat down .
tr	NNS	" Because we all have our burdens to bear .
tr	NNS	Ethan flipped the pages , glancing back and forth between them .
tr	NN	He knew the code .
tr	NNS	If we can get it away from him , then we will control the wolves .
tr	NN	Together we found a fellowship that can be born only of suffering .
tr	NNS	And he 'd tracked down his targets .
tr	NNS	" And these - " He circled the Tuesday and Thursday evening sociology classes . "
tr	NNS	Yet you and Ty can both throw perfect spirals at age seventeen . "
tr	NN	She had a dinner engagement with Paul Martin .
tr	NNS	He opened his senses , taking in the unseen energy of the desert .
tr	NNS	Heck , he probably already has other packs in Manhattan that we don 't know about .
tr	NN	said the oh god .
tr	NNS	Her soft lips sent signals which confused his heart .
tr	NNS	" Would you please help Adonis into one of the guest rooms and keep him company ?
tr	NN	He placed the basket on the floor and began to pull out food .
tr	NN	Options Mania , in their yearly report has a $ 300 acquisition cost per account and you want to spend $ 350 per account ?
tr	NN	Hell hath no fury like a woman burned by some two-bit king .
tr	NNS	While there was a bit of wiggle room for him to betray Elizabeth , he could never betray the One Beneath .
tr	NNS	We 'll transfer the funds to the imperial treasury . "
tr	NNS	" Your bombers dropped incendiary bombs before returning to bases in England .
tr	NNS	We advanced another twenty paces , with Harald leading our companies so as to hit the rear of the enemy line .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to dig a hand into the hair at the nape of her neck and pull her face to his .
tr	NN	You won 't face execution alone . "
tr	NNS	Every second business either sells fudge or sells ferry rides out to Mackinac Island .
tr	NNS	We walked past several classrooms , poking our heads in as Liam described the subjects taught there .
tr	NNS	It meant " five lands . "
tr	NN	And now the other people in the village could join the celebration .
tr	NNS	" Is there a way you can talk Rhys into not selling that hunting lodge ? "
tr	NN	She flicked aside his dressing gown and poked him where it hurts a man the most .
tr	NNS	I 'll make arrangements and send you the details . "
tr	NN	My father hands the shovel to me and walks away from the gathering .
tr	NN	And no , I don 't need a search warrant .
tr	NN	" I do have a duty to finish out that specific task , though .
tr	NN	He was holding out a lifeline to her business , and it was hard not to grasp hold of the opportunity that he was offering .
tr	NNS	At this moment of bewilderment , she would take her chances in Tijuana .
tr	NN	" You 're both violating protocol . "
tr	NN	He then grabbed a doughnut from the coffee table and stuck it in her mouth .
tr	NNS	Fourteen other gang members are pushing students around while flashing their glimmering knives .
tr	NNS	" You made some very valid points .
tr	NNS	Roar bent by one the sleeping figures .
tr	NNS	Everyone I saw had the Styrofoam cups of coffee and juice that Molly 's Moveable Feasts was handing out .
tr	NN	Next came the patented Princess Stephanie pout .
tr	NN	" Not yet , " I admitted , " but I got the impression he 'd like me to . "
tr	NNS	He was holding two breakfast plates , both consisting of eggs , bacon and a side of yogurt .
tr	NNS	" She doesn 't know our customs . "
tr	NNS	" Get in , gentlemen .
tr	NNS	Sure , the kids had their own activities and she had a little time to herself now and then , but it was never for long .
tr	NNS	Kalo beans can also be eaten whole , similar to Earth peanuts , which are also a legume .
tr	NN	" Oh my goodness ! "
tr	NN	" It 's beautiful , " I answered vaguely , " I loved the south -- muy bonita . "
tr	NNS	Garrett took the reins from her without a single word and headed out toward the pasture where the other horses grazed .
tr	NNS	Mostly because there were few who could break through the defenses she 'd erected over the centuries .
tr	NNS	But I recognize his strengths .
tr	NNS	She didn 't spin the wheels or anything like that ; she simply backed out of the driveway and drove away without histrionics .
tr	NN	He hid his shudder .
tr	NNS	" Got three targets ! "
tr	NN	About ten people were intently watching the gorillas feeding on a huge pile of fruit in the middle of the habitat .
tr	NN	" You 're trying my patience , boy ! "
tr	NNS	In this case , it confuses the senses of vampires .
tr	NNS	She carried the plates to the table , where Reese was waiting for her .
tr	NNS	You have lost your compass , and you perpetuate your own ignorance .
tr	NNS	that I had designs on you . "
tr	NN	He offered an elegant shrug .
tr	NNS	But he had two great assets : He was extraordinarily handsome , and when he wished to , he could be charming .
tr	NNS	I heard dogs today and not far away either .
tr	NN	I swallow back the grief .
tr	NN	It shook the department up a bit .
tr	NNS	I wouldn 't accept candy or free rides or anything just vegetables , fruits , grains , and some water .
tr	NNS	I 've already tossed my two cents in .
tr	NN	I place the document on the table again , breathe deeply for a few moments .
tr	NNS	He squeezed my breasts , as if to get my attention .
tr	NN	The burn turned hotter , hurt more .
tr	NN	His eyes moved down my outfit for a minute .
tr	NN	Mr Tiny had given us a glimpse of what was to come if came to power .
tr	NN	" I need protection .
tr	NNS	Campinas not being a tourist area had very few servers who spoke English and the menus were not in this language , even in parenthesis .
tr	NNS	Her gentle smile stirred the butterflies in my stomach .
tr	NNS	I 've taken classes .
tr	NNS	Luckily , the large bright room still has students milling around in it , so I 've made it in time .
tr	NN	Larry Johansson called the doc .
tr	NN	She draws her fingertip across one of the plates and a shiny strip of white appears .
tr	NNS	In diplomacy I project only worst-case scenarios .
tr	NN	She tore the package , pulled out the condom , and carefully rolled it on .
tr	NNS	You practice the same policies , wife .
tr	NNS	In a smooth motion , I drew my blades and Fade backed up against me .
tr	NNS	They floated past faded tapestries and piles of haphazard portraits of long dead elves .
tr	NN	" Now we shall see justice .
tr	NN	I dropped the pillow .
tr	NN	Danny shouted , He fired the crossbow , hitting a zombie in the spine .
tr	NN	But then , maybe he knew the owner or ran a tab .
tr	NNS	Growing up in a typical middle-class Hispanic home meant close family ties .
tr	NN	' You 've put all this film on your PC ? '
tr	NN	Now he made the long , arduous climb up the tower stairs to the room where she lay , for what would be the last time .
tr	NN	" Oh my goodness . "
tr	NNS	My eyes sweep the roofs as we pause underneath the entrance , other evacuees streaming around us and between Republic guards .
tr	NNS	For the next few minutes we all introduced our families to each other .
tr	NNS	Whatever material the dress was made out of , it obviously had special protective abilities .
tr	NN	His pause suggests a subtle melancholy , a desert of the spirit full of remembered sand and bone .
tr	NN	She had a last glimpse of the white bandages around his neck as the nurse turned the corner ; then he was gone .
tr	NNS	I can picture her thumbs poised over her phone as her thoughts race .
tr	NNS	I have your best interests at heart .
tr	NNS	Boxers often suffer broken jaws , and that swelling looks ominously like his lower jaw is unhinged .
tr	NNS	We need the numbers Wednesday . "
tr	NN	" Can we paint the fish too ? "
tr	NN	Like playing polo and eating caviar . "
tr	NNS	Even if he wound up mired in regret , at least he 'd escape the numb emptiness that had replaced the pain of losing Amber Rose .
tr	NN	Noelle stifled a yawn and checked the clock .
tr	NN	Liam touched Eric 's Collar .
tr	NN	She let out a moan , lowering her hand inch by torturous inch .
tr	NNS	The door 's sensor picked up their phantom movements and activated , forcing the two doors to slowly slide outward .
tr	NN	Stepping toward him , I touch the plastic packaging on the little kite .
tr	NN	Trap your loyalty so she can use your gifts .
tr	NN	I called my attorney and had him change the will yesterday .
tr	NN	I just caught a glimpse of a wet patch under the waistcoat pocket before he pulled the jacket over , to cover it .
tr	NN	" You can just wipe the video . "
tr	NNS	" We have contracts .
tr	NNS	Calling Matt back into his office , he outlined the counter requests for the negotiations .
tr	NNS	I have never bought roses for anyone before , you know .
tr	NN	Muscles tense , Conor resisted the impulse to leap away .
tr	NNS	She looked forward again , her strong wrist controlled her deer easily .
tr	NNS	' Gather your wits , girl .
tr	NNS	Renault halted ten paces from the pedestal in which he sat .
tr	NNS	" Who let the dogs out ?
tr	NNS	Even consuming just a little could cause vivid hallucinations and disorientation .
tr	NNS	" You have no rights over me . "
tr	NNS	He rushed backwards , but stumbled and with a pain unimaginable the blade struck his right shoulder , tearing through flesh and smashing through bone .
tr	NNS	Jimmy walked a few more yards forward and came to the edge of a small cliff .
tr	NN	She lifted off the lid and picked out a sample .
tr	NN	You have a good imagination ; just picture the teacher that your Aunt Theodosia would hire for you . "
tr	NNS	Seconds later , Luke lands beside me .
tr	NNS	Tell them when they let Thalia live , they entered our hearts . "
tr	NN	Waking up after one of these evenings with Alec , she pushed the pillow over her face and screamed .
tr	NNS	She could feel hard tiles beneath her back .
tr	NNS	After this explanation he made arrangements in his precise , ungracious way for the comfort of his guest or prisoner .
tr	NNS	He 's also only wearing his boxer briefs , and his bracelets and rubber bands .
tr	NN	Still not looking at him , I mumbled , " I miscalculated the traffic on the way here . "
tr	NN	He kissed her roughly , harshly , though she struggled against him before he pulled back .
tr	NNS	I gave him directions , canvassing the car as we drove .
tr	NN	We had an argument about her leaving .
tr	NNS	In particular he had fractious and contentious relations with Elizabeth throughout her marriage to Edward .
tr	NNS	Darling Lily steals millions .
tr	NNS	Spencer could feel the stares of her classmates .
tr	NN	Rocco moved forward , tail stump wagging , eager to make new friends , until Savannah gave him a quiet command to stay .
tr	NNS	We expected the band members to come out soon , to sign autographs to a lucky few .
tr	NN	The whole damn place had a hushed quality of people having taken shelter in the hopes of surviving a violent storm .
tr	NN	" In Dr. Duval 's hands that laser beam will destroy the clot without disturbing one molecule of the surrounding tissue . "
tr	NNS	I did several circuits with him , before getting a job in Nelson and seeing him only when he travelled through .
tr	NNS	Kind of patted the bats .
tr	NNS	' Oh , father , have your brains gone to sleep ? '
tr	NNS	That put millions more on welfare .
tr	NNS	" I had meetings . "
tr	NN	Michael tapped his pen on the pad of paper , thinking through the possibilities .
tr	NN	She could picture a heavily pregnant version of herself sitting in the comfortable chair Lydia had left behind , knitting something for her baby .
tr	NN	Tess found the effect to be in marginal taste but utterly charming .
tr	NNS	I see fast-food restaurants at the interchanges and I salivate at the thought of a burger and fries .
tr	NNS	I gripped two coffees from the Keurig and sat down beside Jacob , handing him one .
tr	NN	Lydia pocketed the totem .
tr	NNS	Jimbo and Dale stood like statues , too surprised to react .
tr	NN	Far up the street came the shout and clatter of pursuit , but the horseman did not look back .
tr	NNS	" So what attracted your suspicions ? "
tr	NNS	Lights flashed around them , the hairs on her head standing up as if she 'd stepped into a bath of electricity .
tr	NN	He gave me the pen and pointed at the back of my hand .
tr	NNS	Joy dropped off the envelopes and checked Lucille 's mail slot .
tr	NNS	Rolling his hips , he pumped the last few inches into her .
tr	NNS	She only had three bites on her face so far .
tr	NN	The next morning , Pet was up ahead of her ridiculously demanding spouse .
tr	NNS	His eyes were glittering garnet pools as they narrowed upon her .
tr	NN	But this didn 't deter the Scientist .
tr	NN	He brings back one tennis shoe , drops it on the floor beside the bed and barks again .
tr	NN	Since Nate was not there , I asked my sitter to critique every detail .
tr	NNS	Irwin let out a hiss of frustration .
tr	NN	" His Majesty Sultan , I give you my most humble salute . "
tr	NNS	Seniority ruled these lands and I was the superior officer .
tr	NNS	" I 've never had any illusions about it .
tr	NN	To do that requires another satellite somewhere , and - " She broke off , frowning .
tr	NN	I put the blossom to my nose , inhaled deeply , grinned , and headed to work .
tr	NNS	Windle knew his fellow citizens .
tr	NN	" What if I told you we could offer you protection ?
tr	NNS	She just kept necessities in the bathroom , and lived out of a suitcase when she was here . "
tr	NN	" I 've read your file , Cassie . "
tr	NN	I can wield my uncanny talent to find out what people are hiding and then write the truth for everyone else to read .
tr	NN	His gave me a whole body scowl , but reluctantly agreed .
tr	NNS	He had blood stains on the front of his shirt .
tr	NNS	He didn 't appreciate my efforts and lost it completely .
tr	NN	" If I do this , I want a favor in return .
tr	NN	" I love peanut butter . "
tr	NNS	If she had to go back and do it again , she would take the very same actions .
tr	NNS	It slowly opened its immense jaws and dropped the sheep , which landed with a thump on the forest floor .
tr	NN	Before Richard knew it , the general hopped off the bench and disappeared , leaving Richard alone with the geese .
tr	NN	He stripped the plastic off each wire with his teeth .
tr	NNS	He gives me some fancy chocolates in a box , too , because he likes me especially . "
tr	NN	" Try the probe . "
tr	NN	She might even have the artifact !
tr	NNS	The commons love their village heroes . "
tr	NNS	Come here , Tess . "
tr	NNS	Harrison and Levi both found empty chairs to sit on .
tr	NN	He patted the knight on the arm .
tr	NNS	I could see the wheels turning in Hailey 's head .
tr	NNS	I have sisters , Sam .
tr	NNS	My son has those same fears . "
tr	NN	She had a huge effect on me , both good and bad .
tr	NN	' You just need a little tonic , that 's all .
tr	NN	They offered me the sixth grade teaching position . "
tr	NN	The girl was wearing a white lace veil over her face .
tr	NN	Brick ignored the sympathy plea and focused on self interest .
tr	NN	Another pierced her boot .
tr	NN	I felt a strange sensation of pride , like I was somehow channeling the feelings I saw as I looked up into Lysander 's eyes .
tr	NN	Thank goodness for a classical education .
tr	NN	Daemon swallowed the lump in his throat .
tr	NNS	Didn 't all colonels carry knives in their shoes ?
tr	NNS	You cook his meals , clean his home , give him regular sex that makes him easier to deal with .
tr	NN	Lorcan heard the moan of the soldier pinned to the floor beneath his boot .
tr	NNS	She has provided several good arguments for that .
tr	NNS	On a sheet of paper , she listed the pros and cons of each city .
tr	NNS	He could make out the silhouettes of Takeo and Billy , but was content to be separated from them on the trip back to Kyiv .
tr	NNS	My heart skips three beats .
tr	NN	But ... he has no real proof .
tr	NN	She wore a simple white blouse -- spotless , of course .
tr	NN	In minutes they will storm the castle , and we will strike down the old man .
tr	NN	The thought of leaving her home , family , and friends made her stomach clench .
tr	NNS	Kenny kicked off the covers and sat up .
tr	NNS	Reaching the next street over , I dropped the coins hurriedly into my pocket and swallowed .
tr	NNS	They discussed transportation arrangements while proceeding back to the waiting vehicles .
tr	NN	You could see a glimpse of Asian blood in her small thin eyes , which were hiding under her bangs .
tr	NN	Lizzie grabbed a towel and a washcloth from the linen closet .
tr	NN	" This does not make me happy , " he muttered his understatement .
tr	NN	" Your father , and my employer . "
tr	NN	There he found her clamoring for scissors .
tr	NNS	When he rounded back to the front , his fingers strummed my nipples .
tr	NN	We offer college credit that 's accepted at the University of Kentucky .
tr	NN	" Did you watch her entire lesson ? "
tr	NNS	He could just make out her features a few inches from his own face .
tr	NNS	How much more secret abilities was he hiding ?
tr	NN	We practiced hand-to-hand combat all night . "
tr	NNS	She had the most delicious grilled chicken sandwiches for them .
tr	NN	Della 's color grew paler .
tr	NN	I checked the battery , put on the headphones , and switched on the detector .
tr	NNS	He has two hunting dogs .
tr	NNS	I gave him directions .
tr	NN	Whatever was happening , George apparently knew the drill .
tr	NNS	He found very few references to her in the paper .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness we can proceed .
tr	NNS	" I have some charities , but there isn 't anything specific . "
tr	NNS	I search the pages , hoping there 's an answer on how to get my mark back .
tr	NNS	I 'd get my chores and schoolwork done before she woke up .
tr	NNS	It knows no judgments and does not distinguish between moral or amoral .
tr	NNS	On one hand he understood the policies and procedures they had undertaken in recent years .
tr	NN	A baby feels hunger : well , there is such a thing as food .
tr	NNS	Out of these iridescent waves floated four forms with no discernible features .
tr	NNS	" Maybe I 'm just finally getting my priorities straight .
tr	NNS	Mana handed the items to him and walked over to the stone steps .
tr	NN	Julie sensed the sincerity of his words .
tr	NN	Her family considered her painting as nothing more than a hobby but she knew the truth .
tr	NNS	Maybe desperation had sharpened his wits .
tr	NNS	She clicked the night-vision goggles onto her helmet and pulled them into place .
tr	NNS	Not to mention the germs . "
tr	NN	I press the dagger harder , deeper .
tr	NNS	You can lock the wheels so they don 't go anywhere .
tr	NNS	She had seen Roar 's efficient ruthlessness before , but Soren hadn 't .
tr	NNS	They all used their various talents to further the Mark cause .
tr	NNS	They filled their pockets with shiny rocks the whole way .
tr	NN	But now she could see the possessive gleam in the demon 's eyes whenever Aeron was nearby , and could only smile .
tr	NNS	Mitch followed her movements and said nothing .
tr	NNS	He sets out various cans of stuff around a small towel he must have brought from his place .
tr	NN	But you , sir , you possess the charisma to lead men into battle .
tr	NN	If neither of us return , then choose a new lord as you will .
tr	NNS	I grab a few more napkins for them as we walk back to our booth .
tr	NN	" I 've learned my lesson . "
tr	NNS	When Margie turned around Pearl had pulled out slippers from her large purse and put them on .
tr	NNS	They 'd removed the brains , to eat I assumed , and left gaping holes in the back of the skulls .
tr	NNS	Errol flipped all the cards around , so they faced the kids , still fanned out .
tr	NNS	" Why the candles ? "
tr	NN	Hell , he hadn 't felt an urge to punish a woman this way in years ... None of them had mattered enough to try .
tr	NNS	I don 't want apologies from you , Jake . "
tr	NNS	" He did not seek the makers out for murder .
tr	NNS	" I love surprises . "
tr	NNS	" He leaves no tracks ! "
tr	NNS	" Or I will recall my clockwork servants and have them crush the throats of your two friends until they are dead .
tr	NNS	" I like insurance policies , and Zach was one that didn 't pay out ... at least for tonight .
tr	NNS	I slowly moved my pelvis up and down , all around her sweet spot .
tr	NN	Instead , I manage a shrug .
tr	NN	Nora yanked a clean towel off the oven door .
tr	NN	Then he said a dragon prayer for her and covered her up .
tr	NNS	Sid 'll tear his balls off if he dares slag you off . '
tr	NN	Sage paid the stable owner to keep their horses ready .
tr	NNS	I could feel their wolves , feel the emotion rising up inside of them , the same way it did in me .
tr	NNS	I dug my fingernails into his shoulders , holding him closer .
tr	NN	She stripped her yellow linen vest off and pulled the sweat soaked blouse away from her skin then frowned at him .
tr	NN	He caught the whole syndrome .
tr	NN	" I told you , I have an informant .
tr	NN	She threw an ice cube at his head causing him to burst out in laughter again .
tr	NN	She takes my advice very seriously and thinks before she acts . "
tr	NN	Worse , he was feeling her grief , a torrent of emotion every bit as deep as the well of passion he touched in her .
tr	NN	Uncle Hugh could have the heirloom Persian rug pulled out from under him at any moment .
tr	NNS	Katie patted the covers where Jen 's head would be .
tr	NN	Let 's make a pact : we will both slow dance with at least one hot guy tonight . "
tr	NN	They knew my reputation all too well and were probably already making assumptions .
tr	NNS	I can detect insults more easily than the layered meanings .
tr	NNS	As handsome as he is , not to mention smooth talking , Ashton has broken more hearts than you can imagine .
tr	NNS	She stopped her steady paces on the way back to her room and twisted around to face me .
tr	NN	Nobody chooses their fate when they get involved with dark beings .
tr	NN	She hid a huge yawn with one delicate hand .
tr	NN	I had a troop of girls here today .
tr	NNS	She gripped the handlebars , ready to flee .
tr	NN	He put down the menu and she got the sinking feeling she was going about this all wrong .
tr	NNS	The drawing depicted several stick figures .
tr	NNS	Out front , workers in jeans and uniform polo shirts smoked cigarettes or played peekaboo with visiting toddlers or accepted dinner from family members .
tr	NNS	Like five minutes might change the coordinates thirty decimal points in . "
tr	NN	Wow , good to know they had so much faith in the Tin Man finding his lost heart .
tr	NN	When realization set in , she viewed the landscape outside the window .
tr	NNS	The loss of sight magnified my other senses .
tr	NN	D didn 't understand the extent of the problem .
tr	NN	Rachel and I need privacy to talk this out . "
tr	NNS	It also explained his crazy mood swings , how he would push me away , how he slept with the groupie on my first tour .
tr	NNS	" You could still probably wear your T-shirts with jazz dancing .
tr	NNS	Shelves and ornate tables housed trinkets of every variety , rugs splitting the room in to sections rather than walls .
tr	NNS	" It carried stolen North Carolina plates , and the car was stolen , too .
tr	NN	He could not keep the resignation from his face .
tr	NN	The white room had an alcove at the side with a modest table for servant meals .
tr	NNS	We need capable captains , and even more capable fleet commanders to ensure these people will reach their potential .
tr	NN	And I wouldn ´ t be able to live with that , never .
tr	NNS	In Switzerland , atomic physicists had spent billions of dollars building a research center to watch and observe what happened when atoms collided together .
tr	NNS	Ryan kissed Kelly 's taut nipples , rousing her passion all over again .
tr	NN	" Mmm , " He gives a soft groan .
tr	NNS	I 'd had visions of bricks of hundred dollar bills being tossed around like dollar coins , but things seemed to be much more relaxed than that .
tr	NNS	" We store great treasures , artwork , and jewels .
tr	NN	" You 'll ruin my reputation .
tr	NN	You were riding a fish ?
tr	NNS	Under both names -- and a third , Allyson James -- Ashley has written more than 75 published novels and novellas in mystery and romance .
tr	NN	She blindly obeyed the command , bouncing up and down wildly on his dick , her long dark hair dancing against her back .
tr	NN	" You have a butler ? "
tr	NN	Calmly he asked , " The ground had an itch , now what were we talking about ? "
tr	NN	Shivers ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	Griffin broke the stillness .
tr	NN	A man fired a crossbow at Jim .
tr	NN	Now he 's fighting pancreatic cancer . "
tr	NNS	So far he 'd avoided texts from Jake .
tr	NNS	A stand next to my mattress holds black candles in its holders .
tr	NN	She hadn 't told anybody she was coming , in case her nerves gave out .
tr	NNS	I 'd run these little scenarios over and over in my mind .
tr	NN	" So , I did a little more digging into the criminal record of our friend Paulie Cermak . "
tr	NN	Jacy suddenly had an epiphany .
tr	NN	If we are to survive , we must trade our technology for goods from those on the surface .
tr	NNS	Speaking of which , I feel the numbness of my lower body taking over the rest of my body .
tr	NN	" I just want to hold her ... my granddaughter . "
tr	NNS	She indicated two candles that were set up on the wall .
tr	NN	Instead of feet she had a caudal fin .
tr	NN	Joan slid down the bench when the ball came in .
tr	NNS	And I won 't make any excuses . "
tr	NNS	" Melissa , it hugely interests me to know in detail as what my daughter has learned and what she wishes to practice .
tr	NN	It would add depth to his character .
tr	NNS	When she reached an alleyway , he moved up beside her and drew her into the darkness , his mind easily overriding her objections .
tr	NNS	In the next hourly ranking , I 've climbed two positions .
tr	NNS	It has plush carpet floors in a beige color .
tr	NNS	We 've heard reports on the radio . "
tr	NNS	I paid him twenty dollars to pretend to be my grandfather .
tr	NN	She kicked the hem of her long skirts .
tr	NNS	He has abilities we don 't even know about .
tr	NN	Thankfully , he had retained enough logic to hold the impetuous words .
tr	NNS	Hopping off the bed , he picked his boxers off the floor and slipped them on .
tr	NN	" That classified location I was talking about . "
tr	NN	Terror twisted every smooth feature on Malik 's face as I drew the air out of his lungs .
tr	NN	We haven 't had a nice breeze like this in a while . "
tr	NN	The abundance of food also had an effect on the longevity of people .
tr	NN	Rage replaced the joy inside my chest .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my thumbs over the backs of her hands , trying to do anything I could to make this better for her .
tr	NNS	" These snakes can take down a small deer .
tr	NNS	Did he have self-esteem issues ?
tr	NN	With a snarl , I kicked a goblin into a stone wall , snatched Kenzie 's rattan from the ground , and attacked the chief .
tr	NN	She needed a listener , and as a friend , that 's what he was trying to do .
tr	NN	she accused and sent another glass dagger soaring through the air , this time at my leg .
tr	NN	She had a new hobby to learn .
tr	NN	Before he could recover from his miss , I swung my crushed rifle at the back of his head .
tr	NNS	" Honey , I don 't get any bad vibes off him .
tr	NNS	I 've also made new arrangements for Jean 's boarding this fall .
tr	NNS	" Pack it up , gentlemen .
tr	NN	With one hand , he caressed and tweaked one nipple while his mouth and tongue and teeth tormented the other .
tr	NN	She clawed his butt through his jeans pockets and plastered herself to him so convincingly , his hard-on throbbed against his button fly .
tr	NNS	He earned points by saying that .
tr	NNS	I 've always liked freckles . "
tr	NNS	Each light carried prayers and dreams into the holy night .
tr	NNS	Mine obey certain whistles . "
tr	NN	Someone in school had started the rumor that we 'd been kissing in the library and he 'd immediately punched me the next time he saw me .
tr	NNS	They plunged spears into the writhing creatures .
tr	NNS	Ashe had three inches on Gruff , but Gruff was wider , heavier and definitely meaner .
tr	NNS	I throw the covers back and place my hand in his .
tr	NNS	She noticed some cameras in the apartment and she didn 't like to be observed .
tr	NNS	David saw several levers and switches and two large crank flywheels , one larger than the other .
tr	NNS	Lots of them still have human families , so they 're not jazzed about Micah 's plan .
tr	NNS	" Eleven yards . "
tr	NNS	" So I must agree blindly ? "
tr	NN	I could still see the curtain of red falling over my eyes and hear the crackling gunfire .
tr	NNS	She massaged her temples with an index finger and a thumb of one hand .
tr	NNS	' Victor has seen the scrolls and can confirm my findings .
tr	NNS	If they were on the ground , they used two knives , longer than daggers , but considerably shorter than short swords .
tr	NN	Let 's get our football on . "
tr	NN	I might have liked a bath , but that didn 't seem to be an option .
tr	NN	I popped another chocolate , this time caramel , and motioned him into my room .
tr	NNS	I had three shots left .
tr	NN	Shay swallowed a moan .
tr	NNS	" So neither of you guys encountered other versions of yourselves in your realities ? "
tr	NN	She grabbed some dish soap .
tr	NN	Colin slid open a drawer and withdrew a small velvet pouch .
tr	NNS	" You don 't have the touching rights . "
tr	NNS	He had priorities , and keeping his job was number one .
tr	NN	The bright sun baked the black asphalt .
tr	NN	I performed my duty .
tr	NN	Adam drops his fork .
tr	NNS	Setzer absently shuffled his cards , his eyes recalling each moment .
tr	NNS	He needed no doubts on this journey .
tr	NN	Ideally , he just wanted the pregnancy to end .
tr	NN	She held the frame in her hands .
tr	NN	Having his vengeance . "
tr	NN	" Don 't feed from me here , " I blurted out my plea .
tr	NNS	" What sorts of things are you focusing on ? "
tr	NN	The mother of nature called to me from the forest outside , her angelic voice a whispering patter among the rain .
tr	NNS	Rashid shoved the twins away .
tr	NNS	His men stood wordless by his side and behind him , none of them leaving until he began to walk away .
tr	NN	Didn 't that make the Path a firewall , put in place by Kaine to keep people out ?
tr	NNS	He liked her freckles and her gentleness and her cooking .
tr	NN	Chase gripped the crossbow , loaded with an arrow .
tr	NN	Mama snatched the menu from the table and whipped it open .
tr	NN	He handed me another strawberry without taking his eyes off my lips .
tr	NN	They ignored her salute and went through the pressure doors .
tr	NN	Francis designed this aspect and it looked flawless from a distance .
tr	NNS	" Your Faerie Godmother made those slippers for you , and I suspect that they are her link to you .
tr	NNS	She wore diapers and when she ate , she wore a bib .
tr	NN	Reefer opened a drawer and selected a greenish clump .
tr	NNS	I doubled my efforts and he took this as invitation to remove my skirt , undoing my side zipper slowly .
tr	NNS	You walk many blocks before finding the bus stop that will take you where you are going .
tr	NNS	They call the shots from up there .
tr	NN	In health matters , suggests recovery from illness .
tr	NN	She heard the rattle of the doorknob and the scratch of claws , then the squeak of wood in the doorframe .
tr	NNS	" You and Brandon had a few beers before you took off ? "
tr	NNS	He does have instincts , despite what you may have heard .
tr	NNS	He thrust the items forward , shaking his hands as they were freed from their burdens .
tr	NNS	She could hear the wheels turning in Nina 's head , berating the cops for what she considered total ineptness .
tr	NN	" Come on , no one likes a greedy slave owner . "
tr	NNS	By the age of twenty-five he was smoking three packs a day .
tr	NN	Use mostly copper , and a couple silver if you must . "
tr	NN	He saw an angel 's wing , torn from its body , lying in a pool of golden blood .
tr	NNS	I 'd lived two centuries plus worth of days , but after living this past one , I 'd come up with a new name for them .
tr	NNS	" Amanda , I 've got some eighteen students in my course , when I expected four or five .
tr	NNS	" It will now use its powers for destruction . "
tr	NNS	The lotus flower picture had faded reflections of the room .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms against the wood and gave it a small push .
tr	NNS	She 'll say some special prayers for them and they 'll be back out tomorrow .
tr	NNS	She felt aches in places she didn 't know possible to feel pain .
tr	NN	Light rain began its descent , dampening our clothes with its gentle , but steady fall .
tr	NN	Unable to put it off any longer , he unfolded his lanky frame and reached for the letters he 'd tossed on the mantel .
tr	NNS	We argued the pros and cons when my phone interrupted .
tr	NNS	" Oh , I found some contacts . "
tr	NNS	" You may , perhaps , understand politics , " Breeze said , " but this is scamming .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , Blake , Vincent , and I have already found matrimonial bliss earlier this year , but there is one more . "
tr	NN	Desserts lined the sideboard .
tr	NN	She didn 't have the needy thirst anymore , but the water called to her .
tr	NNS	Gretchen could see a few die-hard hikers weaving upward among the rocks .
tr	NN	The Aussie hissed a quiet oath and knelt to retrieve it .
tr	NNS	' You have chores to do , foolish one . '
tr	NNS	She studied the silent , subtle changes in his expression as the woman from the train walked down the stairs and across the tarmac .
tr	NN	I felt a pang in my heart and a lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	He wore black slacks and a suit coat even on the hottest days because he understood the importance of appearances , and Adelaide appreciated him for that .
tr	NNS	But , no - I 've seen wolves by moonlight and they 're bigger .
tr	NNS	Doug cracked bad jokes , and Chris made paper airplanes .
tr	NN	She shook her butt at the mirror , laughing as she danced in time to the music .
tr	NN	Tasha found the package , and we need to know what is inside of it .
tr	NNS	But I don 't have any doubts now .
tr	NNS	Young male wolves gained their abilities after their first shift .
tr	NNS	" How long have you been walking dogs ? "
tr	NN	The moment they reached the privacy of his hotel suite Cristina twisted her hand free and walked away from him .
tr	NNS	" Can you slice these sandwiches ? "
tr	NN	Then , hidden under the covers , she used the lighted dial to punch out 9-1-1 .
tr	NNS	He dropped the wires and cursed loudly as someone banged on the side of the truck .
tr	NN	Benson crossed the gleaming foyer of his home and headed for his office down the hall .
tr	NN	I groaned and resisted the urge to beat my head on the steering wheel .
tr	NN	I gave Kelly a quick bath and then took one myself .
tr	NN	Do I make an appointment so I can apologize for being a bitch ?
tr	NNS	We haven 't even searched these houses . "
tr	NNS	she whispered , her lips only inches from his .
tr	NN	She looks over her opponent and smiles .
tr	NN	" You 're not wearin ' a condom . "
tr	NN	I allowed the dark void to suck me back in as my brain realized that the inevitable had happened .
tr	NNS	The guy obviously had quite a few issues .
tr	NN	Manuel dropped his rifle and ran .
tr	NNS	" Did the hotshot crew put the fires out yet ? "
tr	NN	After hanging up several expensive evening dresses and setting out dozens of high heels , they heard an announcement over an intercom in their rooms .
tr	NN	When Gran turned to face her , Adelaide set down her fork .
tr	NN	asked the saleswoman slyly .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	Some say its hormonal changes that occur at night .
tr	NN	I grab my backpack off the passenger seat , slide out the door and shiver against the January air .
tr	NNS	Sprawling oak trees shade overgrown shrubs .
tr	NNS	Hell , he 'd throw away millions of dollars for one more night with Trinity .
tr	NN	Suddenly , I felt my blood drain away in fear .
tr	NNS	Katherine took several deep breaths , making an effort to calm down .
tr	NN	It 's called padding .
tr	NN	Duncan felt sheepish as he accepted their praise , but his heart swelled with thankfulness .
tr	NN	He had this elusive quality , a draw to him from something that existed in his core .
tr	NNS	It made me more envious of the person that I needed to be .
tr	NNS	In my small lifetime I have burned a dozen houses of politician , journalist , and bad cook .
tr	NN	She had the distinct sensation that someone was searching for her .
tr	NNS	Except for their physical strength , they didn 't have any special powers .
tr	NN	They had all the sail , no reefs .
tr	NNS	Some of the dwarves had knives , and some had sticks , and all of them could get at stones ; and Bilbo had his elvish dagger .
tr	NNS	Fiona had tales of the heart clinic where she worked .
tr	NN	Did he want her pity ?
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers away .
tr	NNS	He passed two aluminum cans in the air to Jaime , who then dropped them into the waste basket with a Stepford grin .
tr	NNS	He watched the clouds building and blowing in .
tr	NN	" It has a nice crown and packed gravel surface that appears to drain very well . "
tr	NNS	He was wearing tuxedo slacks already and pulled the tuxedo shirt over his shoulders .
tr	NNS	Knowing the gods ... Oh , this was going from bad to worse .
tr	NNS	Carved lips stopped inches from hers , and his breath rushed across her trembling mouth .
tr	NNS	She touched the drill marks on the edges .
tr	NN	She hadn 't given her daydream version enough credit as the intensity of his gaze caused her to melt .
tr	NNS	They never practice their own weddings like girls do .
tr	NN	I put down my fork .
tr	NN	We have a reputation to uphold .
tr	NN	The demon smiled , shrugged coyly .
tr	NN	Pia caressed his arousal freely before bending and kneeling before him .
tr	NN	The tank near the electric pump had a minute leak on its bottom surface .
tr	NN	Each knight lowered his visor , a horn sounded , and with a shout , the two charged each other .
tr	NNS	He ran various scenarios through his head , staring out into the dark cavern .
tr	NNS	You have never done so the members of this Circle .
tr	NN	He turned the receiver away from his mouth and gave the waitress his drink order .
tr	NN	They loaded the cart , Tanka pulling it to the river .
tr	NNS	Bhai took the coins , weighed them in his hand , and eyed Raja .
tr	NNS	This drove crowds into a euphoric frenzy .
tr	NN	That nearly broke my resolve .
tr	NN	I threw a pillow at Pris 's face .
tr	NN	I don 't really follow football or sports so you can help me out . "
tr	NNS	Comanche 's been stirring up troubles .
tr	NN	Brittany wore an army uniform and when I looked down at her feet , I saw her partially laced boots .
tr	NNS	Why would you help those two old bats after what they did to your father ?
tr	NNS	Instead she saw the waters of Lake Lyn , with fire reflected in them as if in the surface of a piece of polished glass .
tr	NNS	He propped the mattress against the back of the vehicle .
tr	NNS	I sprinted down the halls of the ship while Atticus tried desperately to climb out of the drainage vent .
tr	NNS	His fingers clawed the uneven bricks and dirt in between as he bore the pain , but he wouldn 't try to get up and run away .
tr	NNS	Will take extra measures to see that it does not happen again , but today , it did . "
tr	NN	Rory stifled a groan of pleasure , biting her lip to hold it back .
tr	NN	She will arrange a closed circuit broadcast .
tr	NN	I didn 't know what other option I 'd had .
tr	NNS	Vin ignored the coins , dashing forward .
tr	NNS	" Excuse me , folks .
tr	NNS	I wiped my palms on my pants .
tr	NNS	" Ms. Pringle , under the supervision of Ms. Sinclair and Ms. Sullivan , has signed the contracts to allow her into our inner pilot circle .
tr	NNS	Beth rubbed her temples .
tr	NN	Iain gathered all the energy sparkling in his skin and hurled it at the monster .
tr	NN	I yanked the piano bench back and slammed my body down .
tr	NNS	He might even climb the ranks over this one .
tr	NN	Aaron , Jacob , and the Professor now each placed their time cylinder over their heads .
tr	NNS	Doctor Camaro connected the cables from the transformer to the terminals on the Clone pods .
tr	NNS	- from 707 Way to Cheat at Solitaire " Julia , honey , I 've got biscuits and gravy .
tr	NNS	He had the same marks .
tr	NN	" Do any of you guys have a quarter ?
tr	NNS	Several of us own appropriate facilities and it is usually held in one of those .
tr	NN	At his nod , she cut a slice of cake , speared a piece with a fork , and offered it to him .
tr	NNS	Lightning ripped the scarlet clouds .
tr	NNS	She was drinking tequila shots earlier and I cut her off .
tr	NN	David has been giving her grief about giving a ride to a stranger for months now .
tr	NNS	" We have workers for that . "
tr	NN	Which dark haunting memory would this be ?
tr	NNS	The Alchemists love gray areas .
tr	NNS	Each one had several pin prick marks .
tr	NNS	Naturally it took only the reins and the shafts with it .
tr	NNS	The inspector was still kicking the remains when a conductor entered his compartment .
tr	NNS	The hall door flew open , latch and hinges ripping , and crashed to the floor in a shower of splinters .
tr	NN	He opens his menu , and I take the opportunity to run my eyes over him one more time .
tr	NN	It brings joy to her heart , a motherly love .
tr	NNS	We didn 't share many classes so lunchtime would be our next chance to hang out .
tr	NN	Terrified by the realization that was building up in her head , the girl took another berry and opened it a bit .
tr	NN	He moved , a single ripple of muscle , and her heart pounded in anticipation .
tr	NN	" I 'll get the vet .
tr	NN	Her voice had a soothing effect on the little animal .
tr	NNS	Madeline clamped her jaws shut , shifted gears , and gunned the engine .
tr	NN	He has developed technology to enhance and protect all of you .
tr	NNS	The paper also gave directions on how to use the spotters .
tr	NN	You 've seen the fourth motorcycle no one rides .
tr	NN	Cate recognized that ploy , too .
tr	NN	You have passed lesson one .
tr	NN	Ted made the error of answering .
tr	NNS	I call the shots .
tr	NNS	We 'd get these preapproved offers in the mail in my name , and I filled out every one .
tr	NN	Making furniture , running my hands over freshly sanded timber , working hard but enjoying every minute .
tr	NNS	Delusions demand reflex reactions ( as though they had autonomic roots ) where doubts and questioning not only aren 't required , but are actively resisted .
tr	NNS	I don 't pull out the compass .
tr	NN	You got nothin like what we got .
tr	NNS	He operated the computer systems as Anna continued to push the shuttle to its max speed .
tr	NN	I gave Murphy one last stroke and then latched the door and stood .
tr	NNS	I raised my voice a few notches .
tr	NNS	Summer asked a passing waiter directions for the ladies ' room .
tr	NN	" No one has found any proof that this fabled one exists , whomever or whatever he or she may be !
tr	NN	I catch the towel and laugh .
tr	NN	Did you get the pasta ?
tr	NNS	He followed the two pairs of footprints in the soft earth and read the flattened , bloodied grass .
tr	NN	" They destroyed Maya 's pod before we could stop them ... " " Then I tore them to pieces , " Aria curses through gritted teeth .
tr	NNS	" Come along , gentlemen . "
tr	NNS	We have received numerous reports of piracy in these waters so we must be careful to inspect each one . "
tr	NN	He grabbed a pillow from the top of the bed , slid it under her hips , then sat back on his heels .
tr	NN	The cons continued their polite and silent vigil until Riley opened his eyes and looked up from his plate .
tr	NNS	I thanked the heavens he had boxers on , but easily noted this was not Webb .
tr	NNS	They 're even fortifying their positions . "
tr	NNS	If Noah loved her , he 'd make arrangements to see her wherever she lived .
tr	NNS	He had big balls , even for a gigolo .
tr	NNS	" We don 't need allies .
tr	NNS	" That little whelp didn 't have the balls or intelligence to be a spy . "
tr	NN	For several tense , nerve-wracking moments , we watch her work the terminal with all the care of a tightrope dancer .
tr	NNS	The less time I spent near populated areas the better .
tr	NNS	The shark , rising to attack us , opened his jaws again and I threw the lobster sandwich as hard as I could into his mouth .
tr	NN	She rubbed her cl * t in a circular motion , stroking the taut , sensitive bud with one finger .
tr	NN	I called her Les . "
tr	NNS	She never had an illusions of being wanted and liked by anybody .
tr	NNS	Breakfast comprised bacon sandwiches and a cup of steaming cocoa , and was consumed in the breakfast room , in the glow of a recently lit fire .
tr	NN	He has complete discretion and carte blanche .
tr	NNS	Raz tosses its remains aside and moves to deal with the next in line .
tr	NN	We don 't want a stampede in the tunnel . "
tr	NN	Nature didn 't do punishment .
tr	NN	Rose swallowed her immediate distaste for him .
tr	NNS	" You 're not hearing ghosts , are you , dear ? "
tr	NN	She loved the sensation of his skin scraping hers .
tr	NN	After three of the glossy cakes were demolished , I drew the tray nearer to me .
tr	NN	One brief incident , and he had washed that look from her beautiful eyes forever .
tr	NN	Dragging the picnic basket nearer , the woman flipped open the lid .
tr	NNS	Unless he missed his guess , they were carrying provisions .
tr	NN	She set her backpack aside with a disgusted sigh .
tr	NNS	The hotel 's windows were all leaded with small diamond panes surrounding stained glass coats of arms .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to lay back down and shove my head below a pillow to ignore her rant .
tr	NNS	I didn 't make excuses when my hands drifted down underneath the waistband of my shorts , beneath my panties .
tr	NN	" I 've never seen another pigeon at our school , before or since .
tr	NN	" I don 't like pity . "
tr	NN	I suppressed the urge to retort with another rude remark .
tr	NN	I had no respect for lies or any other subtle dishonesty .
tr	NNS	He took deep breaths and let them out with a whoosh .
tr	NN	" Between the two of you , you make one good swordsman .
tr	NN	He held out the pistol that Breedlove had shot him with moments before .
tr	NNS	They took up positions , and Jen fired an arrow through the narrow crack into the dark room .
tr	NNS	Nora and Leah sized up the other bands .
tr	NN	" Consider my debt paid for your like service to me .
tr	NN	Jason Carter would take command at the communications nest in his absence and coordinate efforts from here .
tr	NN	And though Rina recognized good-natured ribbing between friends , she had the unexpected urge to protect Colin from any jokes directed his way .
tr	NN	He still held the pen , but his gaze was wary .
tr	NN	As they walked out , Charlotte and her friends were given a heroes ' reception .
tr	NN	" You know the phrase ' All hell 's breaking loose ' ? "
tr	NNS	" Geez , the government 's been training psychics for decades trying to get them to do what you can do . "
tr	NN	" He said my height 's decreased more than half an inch in the last four days . "
tr	NN	This chunk has taken the credit .
tr	NNS	" And I 've already taken measures . "
tr	NN	He jammed one shoe on .
tr	NNS	The flags at each of the graves were snapping viciously .
tr	NNS	I can predict outcomes .
tr	NNS	I need more workers .
tr	NNS	We 've even lost some cattle .
tr	NN	She raised her pistol and fired , but the bullet penetrated no deeper than the shuriken .
tr	NNS	Luke unhooked his daggers , eyes narrowing as he turned to me .
tr	NNS	Instead of using her blessings to gain allies , she collected cowed servants and cohorts .
tr	NN	" Beyond his basic resume ?
tr	NNS	" Probably supplied drugs and animals , among other things , and all of it funneled through Mexico . "
tr	NNS	We practically made closing arguments at the end , then turned and looked at Max like he was the jury .
tr	NN	And she wouldn 't tell the knight .
tr	NN	" We both liked steak . "
tr	NN	She leveled her glare at every seaman crowded about the door .
tr	NNS	Warm from head to toe , I extinguished the candles , my pursed lips craving Jacob .
tr	NNS	I had the contracts in my lucky satchel under the table .
tr	NN	Clarity grabbed the shoe and smacked the guard ´ s back with it .
tr	NNS	The storm explained the brightness at the windows .
tr	NNS	Looking to the estate above , behind the bright lights he saw the silhouettes of dozens of helmeted and , he assumed , uniformed men .
tr	NNS	So needless to say , my roommates and I weren 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	As I gazed over on my left , I could see dark storm clouds in the distance forming on the horizon .
tr	NNS	I skim these pages quickly , but as I reach the second half of the book I force myself to slow down .
tr	NNS	The living area was carpeted , had four large sofas , and a flat screen TV attached to the wall .
tr	NN	And you can 't make the talisman without dripping wax from a black candle . "
tr	NNS	With a little more urging on my part , I would have more warped citizens roaming the earth and causing even more corruption .
tr	NN	He lifted the pistol to Preston 's head .
tr	NNS	" I 'll make the travel arrangements for you . "
tr	NNS	Instead the pad of her index finger was rubbing a little caress over his mouth .
tr	NNS	Then he 'd spotted long skid marks on the gravel road , marking where a car had accelerated wildly away from the front of her house .
tr	NN	Again , he felt the sharp pang of some departure .
tr	NNS	They provided visions of the future , as well as leadership and wisdom .
tr	NNS	I heard his ragged breaths when he replaced the tails with the feather on my thighs .
tr	NNS	And Rian is showing Megan their inventions ?
tr	NNS	" I 've seen the figures .
tr	NN	Seth threw the nail away and leaned close to Shawn again .
tr	NN	Tibor asked the bird .
tr	NN	From behind the door , he heard Rina 's command .
tr	NNS	But he would have these mood swings .
tr	NNS	The pitcher and Alex both took their positions again .
tr	NNS	Either way , he had counted eleven of the sash wearing Nomads in town .
tr	NNS	" Vampires have superhuman powers .
tr	NNS	Holiday dropped her palms on top of Kylie 's hands .
tr	NN	" For that matter , I 've hardly seen anybody around here . "
tr	NN	" Gee , I hated that phrase .
tr	NNS	The terminal looked fairly old to Beth , something that would have belonged in the basement level sorting offices at the post office .
tr	NNS	I saw the crowds slowing as they stopped to watch the fight break out as Joel prepared to throw his punch .
tr	NNS	Brennan walked down a few corridors and then stopped when they reached the waiting room to the ICU .
tr	NN	" What do you want the code for ? "
tr	NN	Thought Black Rabbit didn 't play basketball ? "
tr	NN	I waded ashore , amidst discarded furniture and toys and contemplated the buried devastation .
tr	NNS	" You make empty claims , and remain utterly ignorant to the nature of things .
tr	NN	Being nice gave off the incorrect impression that I wanted to be a friend or , in Benji 's case , possibly something more .
tr	NN	He figured out a cluster of opponents about half way to the middle point which needed immediate attention .
tr	NNS	They beat her senseless .
tr	NN	He 'd never seen a bird with green eyes before .
tr	NN	Wherefore shall we play the polo ? "
tr	NNS	Then she took two sandwiches and retreated to the burgundy settee .
tr	NN	The people he cared about would have protection .
tr	NNS	You 'll sense your surroundings , though .
tr	NN	I 'll get the mop . "
tr	NN	Joey put his pen to the page .
tr	NN	She remembered the nightclub , his hands on her in the dark , the bodies and blood .
tr	NNS	He didn 't hear any objections , so he turned and walked quickly under the archway and into the tunnel .
tr	NNS	And right in front of their eyes there flickered famous clips from various documentary films that they had seen .
tr	NNS	If your eyes are partially open , I can see your visions too .
tr	NN	I said Death . '
tr	NN	At sunrise , he had made his confession to Friar Gregory , heard mass , and partaken of the holy sacrament .
tr	NNS	Also , " Sage continued , " I need four good mules for pulling the wagon .
tr	NNS	She picked up her sandals and went into his waiting arms .
tr	NNS	I squeeze his biceps to get a taste .
tr	NN	Dennis felt a clammy nausea trickle through him , beginning at the base of his scalp and seeping through the rest of his body .
tr	NNS	" I don 't raise ghosts at night . "
tr	NN	Joshua took a peek .
tr	NN	" He 's inside getting the cake . "
tr	NN	But , last night , I had a hunch . "
tr	NN	said the Lecturer in Recent Runes helpfully .
tr	NN	Normally guys like Franklin can find anybody . "
tr	NNS	Jake was dousing the vegetables with olive oil .
tr	NNS	Thus , I pass out the assignments in paper form increasing the probability that those students who want to learn will come to class .
tr	NN	She lays the moist towel on the back seat to dry .
tr	NNS	The rogue knew the dangers of walking alone and was far too scared to catch up to the rest of the group by himself .
tr	NN	Belle twisted a long blonde strand around her finger .
tr	NN	You 'll need a good school uniform , and the state of your undergarments is ridiculous . "
tr	NNS	Federal government detained millions of people , when protests , riots , and chaos erupted in the cities .
tr	NN	I had no schooling to go about that precise day .
tr	NNS	" We see the strengths and faults in others that we do not or cannot recognize in ourselves . "
tr	NN	Daemon sent a psychic command to the head musician .
tr	NNS	He was nailing wooden studs in place with a pneumatic nail gun .
tr	NN	A sure sign when the iPod followed along , like a fish on a line .
tr	NN	She felt the flute under her now hopelessly ruined dress , its crystal body warm .
tr	NNS	Totally powers down my filter . "
tr	NN	Various stickers adorned the bumper , one of which touted the name of the college his daughter had attended .
tr	NN	Grandma Frost had given me the basket so Nyx would have a comfy place to hang out while I was working .
tr	NN	But she loved that unexpected , innocent quality .
tr	NNS	I should have expected the nightmares .
tr	NN	Alexander rubbed a little cream over the cut on her forehead , trying to hide that he was seriously checking out her fit body .
tr	NN	Hot fury matched her stubborn attitude and I had the strongest urge to grab her arms and shake her until she promised me obedience .
tr	NN	Her scent made his body ache .
tr	NNS	Playing cards and jesting with them , yes .
tr	NN	I hear the front door slam and within seconds she 's standing outside the bedroom door .
tr	NN	I saw a temple on my way in .
tr	NN	However , it brought with it a blight that I have seen infect nearly every part of the land .
tr	NN	She got the distinct impression that he 'd never opened a book before .
tr	NNS	On the horizon , Jeff could see two other ships that he assumed must be the ones they were meeting .
tr	NNS	She had no illusions that she 'd reclaim it , or find happiness .
tr	NN	Billie slapped the dashboard and pointed through the window .
tr	NNS	I 've got some paperwork out for you to look at , it shows the forms that people have to fill in .
tr	NNS	Something about his name gave me the creeps .
tr	NNS	Odin might have received magical runes , but Freya taught the gods sorcery , spells , and charms when she moved to Asgard .
tr	NNS	Paul counted out 150 dollars worth of chips and handed them to Pat .
tr	NNS	Willing fosters usually do not have the funds or the desire to send their children to these elite institutions .
tr	NN	" Perhaps you should study the word ' respect ' before using it .
tr	NNS	" Just take a few deep breaths , give the salts enough time to work through your system . "
tr	NNS	Later , he drags his mattress into my room and pushes it against the opposite wall .
tr	NN	He is standing in front of me now , his well -- defined abs in front of my face .
tr	NN	Leaning over the counter and scanning the length , I saw nobody back there , either crouching there hiding , or dead .
tr	NNS	But I had my difficulties paying attention in spurts due to my ability to feel his glare from the other side of the room .
tr	NN	" I owe her a great debt for your life and now for my son .
tr	NNS	They wore dark goggles against the dangers of that radiation .
tr	NNS	He turned the handlebars and started walking the motorcycle backward , getting into position to leave her drive .
tr	NN	I felt a rope tightening , though there was nothing there .
tr	NN	And he laughed half-heartedly .
tr	NNS	She wiped her blades off on the nearest furry carcass with swift swipes and sheathed them with efficient movements .
tr	NN	Besides , Cain hasn 't killed anybody I love . "
tr	NNS	They watched the distant clouds together in silence while he finished his lunch .
tr	NNS	But he couldn 't leave his victims in the house .
tr	NNS	Sharon pressed her palms over her eyes before looking at Madison again .
tr	NNS	Contents Chapter Six " My two favourite heroes ; slide inside and begin the ride . "
tr	NNS	" What if I told you I cut my toenails in bed ? "
tr	NN	I shouldered the responsibility , not the agency . "
tr	NNS	He secured both helmets to the back of his motorcycle and asked , " Is there a problem with the zoo ? "
tr	NNS	" I only get aches here and there .
tr	NNS	Make cups and flower pots for instance ? "
tr	NN	She stifled a yawn and quickened her pace .
tr	NNS	" Hope so , " he said fervently .
tr	NN	She tongued his crown , sliding over the ridge , teasing the most sensitive parts .
tr	NNS	The Captain recounted myriad tales about his travels , and told her all about his visit to Earth .
tr	NN	She could handle physical discomfort and wouldn 't fight the medical necessities .
tr	NNS	" Because I LIKE romance novels . "
tr	NNS	Eric made soothing noises as Daniel drained me , his thumb tracing the wild pounding of my pulse .
tr	NN	Tasha found the novelty of the man 's attitude wearing off .
tr	NNS	Helen noticed the ducks paddling past at about the same moment that Goliath did , so she wasn 't prepared for his sudden excitement .
tr	NNS	Each time Ted heaved on the huge limb , the wood moved only a few pitiful inches forward , making a slow scraping sound on the pavement .
tr	NN	" I was lighting a candle for my brother .
tr	NN	There was , however , little gain to be had in arguing with her .
tr	NNS	I don 't know exact dates , but I 'm pretty sure she took their boy and left Joe sometime that summer . "
tr	NNS	He checked his mirrors for the millionth time , canvassing for trackers .
tr	NNS	Laura invited the hikers in for tea , and a compromise was worked out .
tr	NNS	The central statue in the fountain , the mermaid , had scales made of overlapping bronze and copper gone green with verdigris .
tr	NN	Sunny pulled back the rug and brought out his secret stash with the clay flask and the mysterious clue .
tr	NNS	I have ethics and morals , and I intend to stand on them .
tr	NN	" Do not start a row .
tr	NN	He grabbed a handful of tissues and cleaned me off first , then himself .
tr	NN	They had a farm in the countryside for a while , and the parents still lived there .
tr	NN	I have what Grandpa had . "
tr	NN	He kissed her knuckles and brought her hand once more over his heart .
tr	NN	I made a fortune on it . "
tr	NN	beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	I could almost see the wheels turning furiously in her mind .
tr	NN	You invaded my privacy -- " " As you invaded mine , " he interrupted smoothly .
tr	NNS	" Read chapter twelve and buy shampoo , right ?
tr	NN	From here I can easily make out the stark white official uniform .
tr	NNS	" Take the first eighty pages for next week .
tr	NN	You definitely need a bath .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps I 've taken a dozen new lovers by now . "
tr	NN	Michael felt a stitch in his gut .
tr	NN	" He 's not doing the resort 's reputation any favors . "
tr	NNS	Instead , I watched the digital red numbers announcing the floor status of each elevator .
tr	NN	I find a back staircase and walk down into the basement .
tr	NNS	Arousal fingered her breasts , her thighs and teased at the junction between her legs .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my palms on my hips .
tr	NN	Thomas snatched the dagger and turned to start packing .
tr	NN	Suzanna stuck a needle in my arm and I glanced down to see my blood running into a bag .
tr	NN	' I 'll go barefoot .
tr	NNS	As I was telling Mrs. Thorne , I have connections that could help you in building your defense . "
tr	NNS	Luca ignored my directions , just like every pizza delivery guy does , and went to the main house .
tr	NN	He l gently kissed her temple .
tr	NNS	" People boarded up their houses and flooded the stores to get supplies .
tr	NNS	The TT pushes travelers to the past and pulls them back to the present .
tr	NNS	One makes requests , which are graciously granted .
tr	NNS	You sass your folks like that ? "
tr	NNS	Skye pulls away laughing and Henry pretends like he just realized I was standing there .
tr	NN	She gave me one hateful glare before she left , but she was too petrified to say anything to me .
tr	NN	Listen to him my friends he has a very interesting proposal .
tr	NN	I switched the blender on , and she looked up at me .
tr	NNS	I was hoping the wolves on the Compound had calmed down overnight .
tr	NN	They evidently didn 't get the memo that I could take care of myself .
tr	NN	A chill runs down my spine as the strong , secure grasp of the hand spins me around .
tr	NNS	" Can you bring bigger shipments ? "
tr	NN	I jerk and pull the ivy with me .
tr	NN	" Bates sent Bryce the governor 's sex video , knowing it would compel him to act . "
tr	NN	Lucien felt Jocelyn stiffen at his side , and he placed a comforting arm about her shoulders .
tr	NN	Her sweet perfume awakens within me a hunger that I had shut down months ago , seemingly years ago .
tr	NNS	We all have strengths and weaknesses .
tr	NNS	" We 've got targets on our back and I don 't feel like hiding .
tr	NN	" I haven 't heard a speech with that kind of energy since Phil Donahue drank a whole bottle of Tony 's Red Indian Juice . "
tr	NN	She sets the manuscript back in the drawer and gently slides it shut .
tr	NN	As a person lacking , shall we say , mental capacity , he also lacks the ability to maintain his lawsuit ! "
tr	NNS	I could see the wheels turning in Avalon 's head and I heard his thoughts deciding which Resistance members he would send .
tr	NN	Nisha tossed her ponytail over her shoulder .
tr	NN	Besides - it 's winning the crown that 's the big deal , right ?
tr	NN	He had an inkling Cortez wouldn 't be taking a shower right after him anyway .
tr	NNS	Anna pulled the covers towards her nude body and hugged them .
tr	NNS	Then he made kissing noises in my ear .
tr	NN	Seth pushed the pillow out of the way .
tr	NNS	I rubbed the crusty seeds out of the corner of my eyes .
tr	NNS	Or do you see billions and billions of individual atoms ?
tr	NN	She opened up her drawer and pulled out her MTV worn in t-shirt that she 'd bought on eBay .
tr	NNS	The clown judges held up their cards .
tr	NNS	Because there 's a real good chance it will drain his powers out of him again .
tr	NN	A chill ran down her spine and the hair on her arms stood on end .
tr	NN	Tate dropped some cream and sugar on the table before he grabbed his own coffee .
tr	NNS	In the center of the room were gathered six figures .
tr	NNS	They had chores to do - cooking , cleaning , foraging and so on , and so did the tribe .
tr	NN	The ship increased the ferocity of its shaking .
tr	NN	She tapped the pen on the table in irritation .
tr	NN	Melanie had the impression no one else knew him , either , but his air of command was so natural no one argued .
tr	NN	I heard the door slam , and then the van lurched forward .
tr	NNS	Rachel rehearsed all sorts of information to Jason .
tr	NN	Starting at the base of the wall we started digging in an ever widening circle to about three feet deep .
tr	NN	Eases the ache even as he stokes it .
tr	NN	Monsieur stroked a curl of his massive black wig and sipped wine from a silver goblet .
tr	NNS	They do a couple magic tricks and tell them they can be just like them , all they have to do is sign on the dotted line .
tr	NN	With a gleeful squeak , I queue up the film and settle back against the couch .
tr	NN	They had an uncanny resemblance .
tr	NNS	He dogged their tracks until they joined a crowd standing to one side of the ballroom watching the happy dancers .
tr	NNS	He did not use drugs , ever .
tr	NN	Notwithstanding the fact he hated technology .
tr	NN	His face lost its humor .
tr	NN	Steve instantly took a liking to her rebel spirit .
tr	NNS	The Dancers of God inevitably acquired mythical trappings as the centuries passed .
tr	NN	He handed the revolver to Melody .
tr	NNS	He ordered changes in all the locks on the third and fourth floors , and the basement , and both condos on Grand Cayman .
tr	NN	I dreaded my next appointment .
tr	NNS	I chose the bicycles .
tr	NNS	Sensing his fear , the two Butlers - who had now removed their jackets -- were matching his efforts .
tr	NN	Charlie had always made class vice president ; he was the salutatorian ; he just missed being handsome .
tr	NN	She held her umbrella with one hand , and with her free one she picked through purses .
tr	NNS	" I have created several different samples here of mixed chemicals and tissues .
tr	NNS	Secondly , we 've run models , and there 's too much inherent danger in venturing out beyond the fence to kill them .
tr	NN	" My father opened a cigar factory and did well .
tr	NN	I had groaned when my drink came out -- another mason jar .
tr	NNS	If he weren 't a likable person otherwise , I would have had my robots bar the establishment to him . "
tr	NN	Goss considered that possibility .
tr	NN	Solange threw the pillow back at her .
tr	NN	She checked off Ella 's appointment on her calendar and told us to have a seat .
tr	NN	If that were true , Aden had just committed his most dishonorable deed of the week .
tr	NN	He slowly took the crown and placed it over Richard 's head .
tr	NNS	You have some dragons to slay , but you will slay them .
tr	NNS	Shards of glass lined the sidewalks , glimmering in the faded light of the sun .
tr	NN	His velvety voice teased my ears , " I have forgiven you for killing me , how could I not overlook a little tantrum ? "
tr	NN	I can feel his muscles tense under my fingers and I drag my nails along his skin .
tr	NNS	In the kitchen drawers , I found several fake ID cards and a roll of cash totaling more than five hundred dollars .
tr	NNS	" I hate clubs and frat parties and drinking and all of that stuff .
tr	NN	" When did you get new furniture ? "
tr	NNS	" Woman , you 're sending me really mixed signals !
tr	NNS	He recited the plate numbers from the two Cadillacs .
tr	NNS	He had no haunches .
tr	NN	' Have you reached a verdict upon which you are all agreed ?
tr	NN	It was as if someone had thrown an all-encompassing net over what he had become and how he had destroyed all things he held to be sacred .
tr	NN	All too well , Anya remembered the sensation of his hair brushing her skin .
tr	NN	I scratch an itch on my scruffy beard .
tr	NNS	And we didn 't find his fingerprints in the house . "
tr	NN	" What , couldn 't you find a babysitter ? "
tr	NNS	I have patients to see .
tr	NNS	" You 'll hit your shots . "
tr	NNS	" I 've made other arrangements .
tr	NN	A little shiver of anticipation went down my spine .
tr	NNS	He put his wineglass on the desk and stood .
tr	NN	His eyes revealed a depth of sadness as he finished chewing .
tr	NNS	Basically they had the figures of humanity , except that to their shoulders was attached a longhorn cattle head , which hardly matched .
tr	NN	The Power within him reached a crescendo , and he turned it upon itself , drove it through the access key .
tr	NNS	And she apparently had connections that I was unaware of that could help us along the way .
tr	NN	I could feel the cool breeze and mist created by the falls as it plummeted into the lake .
tr	NN	Sitting on the edge of the bed , Max sipped the hot liquid and hoped it would restore his composure .
tr	NNS	He gave me the creeps .
tr	NNS	Once Mother Superior lectured her students about fornication .
tr	NNS	Reaching the entrance to the street , it looked nondescript , yet somehow , striking in its familiarity to me .
tr	NN	Together they climbed the central staircase leading to a landing with corridors off both sides .
tr	NN	The man wore a star on his vest .
tr	NN	I tug my hair self-consciously as one of them grins at me .
tr	NNS	I 've secretly been collecting rubber bands and I have five of them on my wrist .
tr	NNS	" And we 're borrowing a bazillion dollars a year to pay this crap ? "
tr	NN	We found an immunity to the virus .
tr	NNS	Ali grabbed the backpacks and then flung them into the boat as Don pulled Meagan in to the front of it beside him .
tr	NNS	I thanked the heavens that the Hawk didn 't immediately take flight and expect us to follow him by air .
tr	NN	He flagged down the waiter and ordered another round of margaritas .
tr	NN	I pulled off his crisp white tee and let it stay bunched by his hands .
tr	NN	Sara suppressed the urge to roll her eyes .
tr	NN	Mike rips into his second chicken breast , then wipes the grease from his lips with a napkin .
tr	NNS	" You 're making assumptions in thinking only officers have a degree .
tr	NNS	With high energy levels came ridiculous arguments , violent outbursts , and fistfights .
tr	NNS	If there was thing she hated more then being a princess it was wearing gowns that required broken bones to get into them .
tr	NNS	She 's probably already ordering her giants to get into position all around the boathouse to take you down . "
tr	NN	Though they 'd been created here , Shifters had cultivated a healthy loathing of the place .
tr	NN	Moving around to the back , he could see a small trench leading down to a door at the back of the structure .
tr	NNS	Obscura gave us doctors for ... delivery . "
tr	NNS	He poked the numbers into his calculator and grunted in satisfaction .
tr	NN	Talia had the misfortune of being my sparring partner today .
tr	NNS	" This might be a bit tricky , " Edie May responded cautiously , " we don 't really have physicians around here at all .
tr	NN	I saw a patch of wild flowers by my house .
tr	NN	I grew fond of her .
tr	NN	I broke a nail . "
tr	NNS	Hannah must have read his fears .
tr	NN	I open my closet and walk into it , the immense space almost overwhelming because it 's been a long time since I 've seen it .
tr	NN	" I have faith in you , Andrew . "
tr	NN	I needed a bath and he undoubtedly did too .
tr	NNS	He took short breaths after each word before claiming my mouth again .
tr	NNS	I still had my protective instincts toward The Shade completely intact .
tr	NN	He read the affirmation again stopping on the line that read , demonstrating my gratitude through my actions as well as my words .
tr	NNS	Fortunately Ellen 's birth mother , Dolores 's daughter , who 'd fallen into a life of drugs and crime , had surrendered all parental rights .
tr	NNS	I just suddenly felt dizzy . "
tr	NNS	" Why do we need police contacts ? "
tr	NN	Sophia and Marcus were still asleep , Sophia took the other broken sofa while Marcus laid on the floor among the many pillows .
tr	NN	I got liber stew on the pot , and I made enough for you and your friends .
tr	NNS	Devon ignored their curious stares , determined not to think about that right now .
tr	NNS	No one was allowed frivolous trips to anywhere anymore .
tr	NN	He scrubbed in circles , working into the muscles and little by little , he felt the tension drain from her .
tr	NN	He makes the universe -- one . "
tr	NNS	Moving eyes only , Matt gauged his chances of breaking for the trees in a mad run but the odds were not good .
tr	NNS	She glimpsed dark forms scurrying from one side of the house to the other , and more shots were fired .
tr	NNS	We didn 't need the big houses and all the money .
tr	NNS	The toughest part of being a potion master is collecting ingredients .
tr	NNS	Above them there was clear star filled sky , and beneath them they could see the dark waters of the ocean below .
tr	NNS	Or apples or swedes . '
tr	NNS	His kiss melted her insides , like it did before they 'd lost custody .
tr	NNS	But my friends by the door have strange appetites .
tr	NN	" Can I borrow a quarter ?
tr	NNS	I could hear far away the pigeons and the doves of the village .
tr	NN	He heated the casserole obediently although he was not hungry .
tr	NN	Luna laid her towel on the decking .
tr	NN	I gave him a glimpse of my thoughts , even long distance , and I sensed him shaking his head .
tr	NN	Nothing gives me more joy than the happiness of my great good friend , the new Mrs. Owen . "
tr	NNS	He flexed his biceps .
tr	NNS	I controlled Shane 's killer instincts , and they were housed right next to his sexual ones .
tr	NNS	A bloke who hates the slightest noise , but has his radio and TV on so loud I can hear the actors breathing from next door .
tr	NNS	He 's still not getting four hundred dollars .
tr	NN	For now , though , we have a farm that needs care and are short on people willing to work for a woman .
tr	NN	An aura that had substance and stench , and I blanched from the vision .
tr	NNS	Several men , including Fin and Duncan , practiced their fighting skills with their swords in the courtyard .
tr	NN	Now she was placing her fate into a man she has known for less than a month .
tr	NN	You earn a passing grade .
tr	NNS	To eradicate the seeds of a fallen empire , to repay an old debt .
tr	NNS	They adore temples on top of mountains , for some reason . '
tr	NNS	We had finished the sandwiches by this time and brought them in to the waiting crowd .
tr	NNS	He and Sali set three plates around the table as Adele mashed potatoes for dinner .
tr	NNS	" That pack will buy you two beers . "
tr	NN	The majority of the male archeologists preferred the digging , and the girls in the group didn 't want to be treated like girls and went along .
tr	NN	Chester hefted the shovel and rested it on his shoulder , narrowing his clear blue eyes .
tr	NNS	Did cheaters have hearts ?
tr	NNS	Take drugs , for example .
tr	NN	Her room -- their room -- looked unreal now .
tr	NNS	" I give you all my assets . "
tr	NN	Canute looked down at himself , his tunic ripped open , his chest beaded with dark blood , his body bent uncomfortably around his aching loins .
tr	NN	This spa has an excellent reputation . "
tr	NNS	Some of the sores had flaps of loose flesh dangling from them .
tr	NNS	Why do we have atomic bombs ?
tr	NN	Jess caught the quiver in Dinah 's voice .
tr	NN	And so she pulled her alongside , surrounded by confusion and fear as the army above closed in .
tr	NNS	I shake my senses back into my head and lift away from her .
tr	NN	Tony kept an even pump going while he pictured how she would look .
tr	NNS	Gratefully accepting the biscuits and soon well into the first one .
tr	NNS	We were literally holding our breaths .
tr	NN	She didn 't waste time answering .
tr	NN	They kept a steady vigil of hate in their eyes to any that passed by .
tr	NNS	" You mentioned servants .
tr	NNS	He was etching runes into the floor , a circle of dark connected sigils .
tr	NN	When he let them go , they sprawled facedown on the ground .
tr	NNS	He felt the hairs on his arms standing on end as he worked through the implications .
tr	NN	She ignored the double meaning .
tr	NNS	He kept his fangs back and ate what I offered .
tr	NN	Chase made a grand gesture toward the selected vessel and saluted Skyler and Madison as they approached .
tr	NNS	You remember the panels in Hangar One ? "
tr	NN	Marcus pulled the emergency brake and shifted into gear as he spoke into a headset , " I 've got Mr. Burke .
tr	NNS	Just encourage your dock workers to take a cut in pay rates . "
tr	NN	I snatch up Brielle 's unfinished ice cream and plunge a spoonful in my mouth to keep from saying another stupid thing .
tr	NN	Robin tactfully took the occasion to go into the bathroom .
tr	NN	She 'd use that pity .
tr	NN	I tuck a strand of her hair behind her ear as her palms travel up my arms .
tr	NNS	He let out a hiss and cradled his arm .
tr	NN	She returned the package to its cold shelf and added flour and butter and vanilla extract and everything else to the basket .
tr	NN	One movie studio had even released to millions of children a full-length animated feature on Anastasia that postulated her survival .
tr	NNS	He had the same troubles with his name as his sisters .
tr	NN	He ignored Mr. Maher 's gloating smirk as they placed the dresser where Joni indicated .
tr	NN	said the evil little blonde vixen .
tr	NN	With that , Peter lifts a white shoe over the railing .
tr	NNS	Beth Morehouse chose the dogs from the shelter and then trained them as therapy dogs .
tr	NNS	A soldier at each of his arms held crossbows loaded and aimed at Thomas 's head .
tr	NN	I simply offer counsel .
tr	NNS	They went several blocks out of their way , hoping that anyone watching wouldn 't guess what they were up to .
tr	NN	I bit back a groan and tried to think about anything other than her body .
tr	NNS	Vengeance would go down better than three thick steaks .
tr	NN	He owned a large farm passed down to him from his father , my grandfather .
tr	NNS	I saw no buckets for grain or water in any of the stalls .
tr	NNS	" Who left the pots in front of the refrigerator ? "
tr	NN	Her husband had a reputation for being almost a recluse in the world .
tr	NNS	Like his home , he didn 't need extravagant trappings to take her breath away .
tr	NN	" It is done , witch .
tr	NN	After I locked my front door to leave , I saw the painting .
tr	NNS	I knew the basics of how parachutes work .
tr	NN	" That covers a broad range , Mom .
tr	NNS	" You 'll find your goggles under your chairs . "
tr	NN	" Maybe , " said the scientist and left him in the hallway banging his head against the wall .
tr	NNS	I took some antibiotics and some aspirin and returned to the world .
tr	NN	I drank the bitter liquid and knew he 'd prepared another dose of medicine .
tr	NN	He felt the mud and sand climb up past his calves to his knees .
tr	NN	For a brief moment , I admired his stubborn tenacity , but it wouldn 't save him in the end .
tr	NNS	Where I 'd expected to see the same cold , grey blocks , pink and black marble covered the floors and walls .
tr	NNS	The two exchanged greetings , and were talking about , of all things , recipes .
tr	NNS	Prior to that , the enemy had scorched and salted their lands .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to stamp her foot in frustration .
tr	NNS	" No one should call forth powers they do not understand . "
tr	NN	" What manner of evil is that ? "
tr	NNS	" I can practically hear the wheels turning in your mind baby ; I hope you 're thinking of this . "
tr	NN	I need a cracker of an idea to get Holly and Ted together .
tr	NNS	( I use the terms metaphorically , of course . )
tr	NN	I let out a low moan , misting the window next to me with the warmth of my breath .
tr	NNS	To punctuate this remark , Ensign Widener dropped his chopsticks entirely into his bowl , splattering himself shamefully .
tr	NN	The text of the articles had all smeared together , proof that although under the chair , water had saturated it on multiple occasions .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Garrett takes her from me , heedless of Patsy 's damp swimsuit .
tr	NN	As the wardrobe door swung closed , he caught a glimpse of someone behind him in the mirror .
tr	NN	" Was Fitzwilliam such a poor escort that he allowed you to slip away from him ? "
tr	NN	Or he had pictured an elaborate shrine on the far side of the room with each Stone in its own carved alcove .
tr	NNS	Unless you have any questions , you may disperse and begin your assignments . "
tr	NN	Tentatively , she extinguished her copper , and realized that she could no longer feel the Lord Ruler 's Soothing .
tr	NN	She felt his sharp intake of breath before he took her hand in his and held it away from him .
tr	NN	Reuben gave me a careless shrug .
tr	NNS	He was anywhere and everywhere , and with each child he taught , another soldier , another loyal follower joined his ranks .
tr	NN	" Then we 'll use the crossword , and I 'll make Lena see it . "
tr	NN	Luke didn 't hide his displeasure .
tr	NN	" I 'd like the vegetarian pizza with sausage , and a sweet tea , please . "
tr	NNS	He hated hospitals , no matter how tidy they were .
tr	NN	He brushed off the hat 's brim and adjusted it on his balding head .
tr	NN	" My father bought the deed free and clear , when there was still land for the taking .
tr	NNS	For several minutes she watched with gratitude the stillness that shown outside her window .
tr	NNS	But what compels the Lesser Lights to glow so modestly ?
tr	NN	Shifting to my other side , I randomly plucked a pillow from somewhere and covered my face with it .
tr	NN	Unless there was a snake in the trees where the birds came from that attacked and therefore , terrorized the entire flock into flight .
tr	NN	" I don 't eat bunny ! "
tr	NN	But the man , big and beautiful as well , had his measure .
tr	NN	She 'd never lost her devotion to him , and I was forcing her to split her loyalties .
tr	NN	Howell unscrewed the cap and poured a generous measure into each cup .
tr	NN	Luna grabbed a handful of napkins and her shake and headed out the door and left me to struggle with the rest .
tr	NNS	Would you have the facilities to allow me to make a cup of tea ?
tr	NNS	She has been hiding from him all these centuries for fear if David , I mean Sebastian had tracked her , he would find and kill Reginald .
tr	NN	Because shortly after I found the girl , someone put a warrant out on me .
tr	NN	What proof do you have that he 's the man you think he is ?
tr	NNS	" Helps psychics too .
tr	NN	These modern humans amused the shapeshifter .
tr	NNS	Kate made balls with her fists and refused to watch his shapely behind as he moved around his desk and sat in his swivel chair .
tr	NNS	Standard land evacuation methods . "
tr	NN	" Give me the backpack . "
tr	NN	The lane he was sprinting down had an almost organic flow to it .
tr	NN	I transmitted our status to Red Dirt .
tr	NN	I replaced the material on the shelves , gave a wave to the librarian , then headed back out into the snowy day .
tr	NN	The rumble of thunder masked the crunch of the sheetrock and a subtle grunt .
tr	NN	She would probably never bring up the topic .
tr	NN	Cody waved and started up the hill .
tr	NNS	Into a dark , empty room , they lowered Justus to the ground .
tr	NN	Like pretty much everyone else , he had a champagne flute in his hand .
tr	NNS	The sled 's runners crunched dried needles , scraping parallel ravines into the icy snow .
tr	NNS	As he wiped at his eyes with his sleeve , he sensed a brightness , and when he looked again , his breath caught .
tr	NNS	I looked down the aisles of the huge library shelves , nothing of any danger for the moment .
tr	NN	He didn 't respond , just pulled my nipple taut with the tongs , digging the thick needle into my skin .
tr	NN	I wasn ' t exactly seeing these ghosts - more the trails they left behind - but I knew they were there .
tr	NN	From the time she was in grade school , Grace had detested that nickname .
tr	NNS	Women in Ancient Egypt had the same rights as men .
tr	NN	I 'm not abandoning my responsibility ; I 'm just meeting it ... elsewhere . "
tr	NN	" If you can 't keep up , we should take your seed .
tr	NNS	Some of the others pick up the smashed vegetables and start hurtling them at the fighters .
tr	NN	As Gray descended with Kowalski , he pictured the towering ventilation shaft .
tr	NN	" Magnus showed you the rune for understanding and remembrance .
tr	NNS	It arouses your maternal instincts and you have been asked to take care of me .
tr	NN	They rounded the hill outside the cabin , and slipped in through the side door at the back .
tr	NNS	When I finally felt somewhat normal , I shoved my palms into the grass and slowly sat up .
tr	NNS	We need the fires .
tr	NN	His dusty camo uniform sported a survival vest .
tr	NN	The morning 's commuter traffic hadn 't hit the late morning lull yet , and they seemed to be getting caught at every turn .
tr	NNS	His heart beat speeds up as if the nearness of my body is driving him mad .
tr	NN	Joan didn 't have much cake in the orphanages where she had been hidden over the years .
tr	NN	Kristen will set up an appointment and we 'll take good care of you . "
tr	NNS	" Personally , that place gave me nightmares .
tr	NNS	Arguments broke out , heated discussions about legal errors that would have to be corrected in an appeal .
tr	NNS	" You have got the best marks of anyone who has ever studied here .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't realize all the repercussions then . "
tr	NNS	Wanting this over with , she skimmed the niceties .
tr	NN	With magic however , came responsibility , honor and respect for the gifts they had been given .
tr	NNS	" We 've found two burial sites on the north side of the island .
tr	NN	She gripped the open V of his shirt to keep herself from shaking him .
tr	NNS	" I 've been receiving disturbing reports of a rebel organization among us . "
tr	NN	That model probably made a fortune to surrender her dignity like that , although Charlie would never recognize her even if she met her in person .
tr	NN	I expect resistance , but Cressida just waves me toward the hospital .
tr	NN	They threw hay at each other and squealed without a care .
tr	NN	Jonah tossed his pen on the table .
tr	NN	She picked up her fork , determined to enjoy the rest of the incredible meal .
tr	NN	You may have deduced the location of this cabin , but I assure you I 'll be leaving this desert with you .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen the police photographs of the accident .
tr	NN	She couldn 't take the jar out of the room .
tr	NNS	I really was not liking his bad cop issues right then .
tr	NN	That left one tantalizing possibility .
tr	NNS	" Twelve million dollars . "
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms against both of his cheeks .
tr	NNS	Sometimes we have weekends like this later in the summer where we share our faith with people on the beach .
tr	NN	From behind the Captain came a snort of derision .
tr	NNS	" Welcome , brave heroes . "
tr	NNS	Clay dropped two steaming coffees into the cruiser 's cup holders .
tr	NNS	The wind had scattered the clouds and now only tattered fragments remained , through which the stars shown with all their glory .
tr	NNS	She squeezed his tense biceps .
tr	NNS	More than five years with the man and he still gave me butterflies .
tr	NNS	How can I discover his ulterior motives ?
tr	NN	Maggie let out a yawn .
tr	NNS	I should , in her opinion , admit my massive shortcomings and sell him to her .
tr	NNS	Instead she 's wearing baggy sweats and an oversized sweatshirt that reads Oregon Ducks .
tr	NNS	She rubs my whiskers then snarls at the rough facial hair .
tr	NN	Louisa hurried into the house , Morton the butler pulling the door open for her before she reached the doorstep .
tr	NN	Sam felt an odd reluctance to make the introduction , but he shook it off .
tr	NN	I checked the lady 's ID .
tr	NNS	Her eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	NNS	As my eyes adjusted to the sunlight , I noticed three figures resting under the tree , lounging in comfortable chairs .
tr	NN	Madeline deserved their respect not their gawking .
tr	NN	A cold shiver ran down her spine .
tr	NN	The mist dulled the glare of the streetlights .
tr	NNS	It 's worked wonders at the OP and their silly black market . '
tr	NNS	I pushed off the balls of my feet thrusting myself into the air .
tr	NNS	At this point I could have given directions to the driver , but he seemed perfectly able to find the way on his own .
tr	NNS	As the sun began to set , hunger and the cool air drove the two war veterans back to their hospital .
tr	NN	Complete this task for him , both of you , and he 'll give you what you want .
tr	NNS	They had taken heavy losses in the last five minutes of the fight , and there was little chance they would attack again .
tr	NNS	Instead of keeping up the pressure with her talented hands , she gripped his thighs and sucked him between her glistening lips .
tr	NN	Usually they want revenge or salvation or sometimes they 're just plain obsessed .
tr	NNS	They had skills that included marine navigation , underwater demolition and clandestine action both beneath and above the water .
tr	NN	" When did she start cheating on him ? "
tr	NN	When she stopped , Johnnie didn 't stop the recording .
tr	NNS	And he still had a full afternoon 's chores to do .
tr	NN	It rode down a wire , actually striking the glass .
tr	NNS	What did you and Cassie get yourselves into this time ? "
tr	NN	Popped the trunk with the button on the key fob and waited .
tr	NN	They had a video in the courtroom showing him do just that .
tr	NNS	I was getting more serious doubts by the day .
tr	NNS	We 'll hit the clubs . "
tr	NN	" Approach the nearest aircraft and press the button under your thumb to begin analyzing its characteristics . "
tr	NNS	We had requested the same classes , but we had only gotten a few .
tr	NN	I used my napkin to wipe her face .
tr	NN	" You bear responsibility for this . "
tr	NN	I 'll send an escort with you . "
tr	NN	I dared a peek around the table I " belong " too .
tr	NN	Look , I have a whole collection of works , including literary criticisms , the older the better .
tr	NN	" Maybe we 'll just bury your body out there in the corn fields somewhere , too , " said the thinner cop .
tr	NN	Until they were safe , I had an obligation .
tr	NN	Eve slowly put her fork back down .
tr	NN	He felt her assessment right down to his soul .
tr	NN	Despite his height and craggy features , he had a gentle demeanor .
tr	NNS	She gave her doctor points for taking Ryan 's presence in stride .
tr	NNS	' This man speaks lies .
tr	NN	Don Wallace felt a sudden burning sensation , glanced down , and saw his arm smoking .
tr	NNS	Always follow his movements .
tr	NN	Immigration handed Brady 's passport to the man .
tr	NN	Did he have a speech prepared for this moment ?
tr	NNS	" But I don 't want babies ten months apart .
tr	NNS	She had a great many skills , but few of them were beautiful hallway kinds of skills .
tr	NNS	Every hour or so they would switch backpacks .
tr	NNS	Daniel usually didn 't work weekends but since it was Halloween he decided to come in .
tr	NNS	I took your peanuts . "
tr	NNS	In addition to his natural hunter talents , he was developing hypnotic and strategic abilities .
tr	NN	So he learned yet another lesson just when he thought he couldn 't learn anymore , not from God or life .
tr	NN	Father made an announcement that I was not consulted on and not privy to .
tr	NNS	" You don 't get your sons back because you realize you made a mistake . "
tr	NN	Gideon held the fork out to me with a flourish .
tr	NNS	Her hands slowly moved up his thighs , the pressure light and tantalizing .
tr	NN	Garvey pulled the package from his hand , unfolded it , and took a moment to inspect it .
tr	NNS	Cliff Peyton kept his face inches from mine .
tr	NN	" We 've got a new waitress ? "
tr	NN	I edited the video at the computer for hours and hours , trying to obtain a fading effect .
tr	NNS	He wanted my powers and skills to aid his destructive plans and thought that I 'd adapt to my surroundings . "
tr	NN	Lines of dried blood now trailed down her thigh .
tr	NNS	Raphael at once heard the benefits of Austin 's ingenuity .
tr	NNS	To defy the gods .
tr	NN	I felt my body tremble as his sweet breath tickled my face .
tr	NN	" She bought a dozen . "
tr	NNS	Sure , I knew different techniques , but which one did he deserve ?
tr	NNS	She felt battered emotionally and physically .
tr	NNS	They exchange a few jokes , then set out along a deserted corridor , following the markings on the map that appears in their visual fields .
tr	NN	But we 're just having pot roast ... and the house is a mess , and ... " Verna ran a hand over her hair .
tr	NNS	She noted the wiggling parasites that were always present in her bloodstream , familiar to her , but somehow abhorrent .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't find any data on that yet .
tr	NN	The smells coming from the kitchen were making Derek 's stomach growl .
tr	NNS	She had asked the twins about it , and they had not hesitated to tell her the truth since they also feared for Domenico 's life .
tr	NNS	" We 'll make arrangements for you to take them when you leave . "
tr	NN	But right now he could also see a strange gleam in Damon 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Not that they were even on speaking terms with me .
tr	NN	We 've filled up every hut on the island .
tr	NNS	Several boys surrounded those coals , dragging the cooking implements from the fire , cleaning them out , and meticulously washing them .
tr	NN	Sasha retrieved the article from in front of Peterson and started flipping through it .
tr	NN	" And you trust this god ? "
tr	NN	It gave a little shudder .
tr	NN	He could smell their terror , their desperate excitement .
tr	NN	He made a U-turn and then a quick right onto the street bordering the neighborhood .
tr	NN	How many bleeding straps do these things need ? "
tr	NNS	Now he 's facing two counts of capital murder . "
tr	NN	He squeezed my hand encouragingly .
tr	NN	Shivers ran down my spine .
tr	NN	She gave me that nervous eye flick again .
tr	NNS	" We 'll get hugs ! "
tr	NNS	Mikhail had already picked up two familiar scents .
tr	NN	She loved the Compound .
tr	NN	Hyde scratches the scruff on his chin .
tr	NNS	" Gather the buckets ! "
tr	NNS	she berated her uncontrolled hormones , loudly .
tr	NNS	She 'd transferred her attentions to Robin .
tr	NNS	I noticed fresh scratch marks on his neck and face .
tr	NN	Instead of speaking , the three men and three women above simply gave him the thumbs-up , a sign that was evidently universal .
tr	NN	Digging in her purse , she removed a pen and piece of paper .
tr	NNS	" I have some good contacts at the AJC . "
tr	NNS	I asked the department secretaries and colleagues at the club table if the name John Sawyer rang any bells .
tr	NN	I removed the lid and added sugar and milk while she shook cinnamon over her latte .
tr	NN	Black shifted a little uncomfortably , not having mentioned every little detail he 'd conceded to strike a deal with a journalist .
tr	NNS	Kali stared down the dumbass responsible for the delay .
tr	NNS	He only paints models , which is interesting since he did have some patrons who wanted their portrait made like that .
tr	NN	He walked barefoot , just a towel around his waist , to the bed .
tr	NN	Now that she knew it , she could see the resemblance .
tr	NN	" I 'm meeting the president tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	Okay , that just earned him more points than he 'd know how to use .
tr	NNS	They closed ranks well enough and soon were marching down the road in good order .
tr	NN	He patted the cushioned velvet beside his head .
tr	NN	Cadaver set another trap for us and there 's no way out of this one .
tr	NN	It held terror to those who knew its true meaning .
tr	NNS	In the middle we 'll put up luxury apartment houses .
tr	NNS	Not everything ; sometimes she knew the numbers of a person 's days , but not how they ended .
tr	NN	He bent over his task again .
tr	NN	' Teeth , ' said the oh god .
tr	NNS	The first bomb killed the victims .
tr	NNS	Even in the most mundane moments , Eddie always watched our surroundings .
tr	NNS	Viktor threw his wineglass down , shattering it on the wooden floor .
tr	NNS	And in truth , I had slightly stronger powers of the instinctive nature , though less of a gift for words than she .
tr	NN	I search the fridge for food , and find some eggs and a pint of milk .
tr	NN	' I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NN	Without taking my eyes off Zander and Ivy , I hold his soda out to him .
tr	NNS	A strong consort would double my chances . "
tr	NN	Work around the clock .
tr	NNS	I expected some disparaging remarks about my gender or my age , but to my surprise , the rifleman said , " Put us on a rooftop .
tr	NNS	May as well kill two birds with one stone .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , it didn 't take too many attempts before I figured out how to make it all work together .
tr	NNS	She relinquished all rights to the baby , granting full custody to Cecil .
tr	NN	I took the clip .
tr	NNS	She could see figures moving in the clearings , preparing food or heading for the toilet in the copse .
tr	NNS	The others donned similar uniforms , and then we were ready .
tr	NN	I had always loved a good hot bath and Zeus ' bathhouse was the finest anywhere .
tr	NNS	All he can talk about is exchanging useless trinkets .
tr	NNS	As we motored out and then raised the mainsail he brought up four cold Amstel beers from the small cabin below and told us about the boat .
tr	NN	Just do me a favor - be careful ?
tr	NN	On those black days , I visit a different universe .
tr	NNS	Roar and Brooke had taken their positions outside , waiting for the mission to begin .
tr	NNS	I have seen visions on this ship before .
tr	NNS	" Did you make any assumptions about me ? "
tr	NNS	He was given a few stares but he ignored them .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers and slid inside as Will sat down on a comfortable chair near the windows .
tr	NN	I felt the doors slam on my chest .
tr	NNS	Others had fangs or were of Venetian design , decorated with leaves and feathers .
tr	NN	He 'd prepared a speech , but as it turned out it wasn 't necessary .
tr	NNS	They had new citizens from a variety of backgrounds , they had children and they were regenerating their ecosystems from the seeds from the past .
tr	NNS	This doesn 't undermine the efforts of so many great minds as they struggle to unravel the workings of the universe .
tr	NN	I will not allow any harm to come to him ! "
tr	NNS	" We have so few females . "
tr	NNS	But when the returning groups asked , " Have ya seen any ... folks like us around ? "
tr	NNS	That probably put the temporary blocks on his take-over bid .
tr	NNS	Once we get into the forests , my men can build ships .
tr	NNS	The shrewd old earl concluded his remarks with a little surprise , however .
tr	NNS	Lifting her sunglasses to peer down through the bleachers , she saw cigarette butts hiding in the slatted shadows .
tr	NN	The rest of the massive bay housed craft that were in need of repair , or like her own , used as training aids .
tr	NN	I don 't want cocaine being dropped or slipped in to my food . "
tr	NN	She tapped her pencil mindlessly on the corner of the thick book while she read a passage from Antigone .
tr	NN	While I helped Bruno load Anatole into the back seat , he propped the injured car owner against a concrete pillar .
tr	NN	He pulls the curtain around the private area .
tr	NN	See u in a bit .
tr	NNS	I checked the booths , but the seats were plastic .
tr	NN	I gave brief consideration to several different patterns and made my selection .
tr	NN	" He hasn 't regained consciousness .
tr	NNS	Spencer had taken those sorts of A notes to the Rosewood police department , and they 'd handled them .
tr	NN	And now , you who read , give judgement .
tr	NN	Nobody likes treatment but they need it . "
tr	NNS	Presently the toxins of exhaustion overcame my best efforts to keep my senses .
tr	NN	" I don 't expect special treatment , Mr. Burke , but a little compassion ? "
tr	NNS	When performing magic , clerics were granted their powers by their god .
tr	NNS	That would make her even more nauseous .
tr	NN	Changed my whole outlook on life .
tr	NN	He pinned the tentacle in the partially closed hatch , but the tentacle didn 't withdraw .
tr	NN	I couldn 't hold back my exclamation of dismay , and clapped my hand to my side .
tr	NN	" Peanut oil or peanut butter .
tr	NN	I could remember every detail that I had ever noticed about him .
tr	NN	I gave her a halfhearted scowl .
tr	NNS	She let out a loud hiss , her lips , dark as the night sky .
tr	NN	I raise the rope above my head as the directions say , casting a quick look at Dham .
tr	NN	He makes a circuit of the lab , checking temperatures , taking notes on the progress of the cultures .
tr	NN	I can 't let Travis loose basketball or get kicked out of school .
tr	NN	" We change the code often , but for right now , I 'll make it Chloe 's birthday .
tr	NN	While the pirates who were already onboard swarmed over the deck , taking over the operation of the sloop and dropping her sails .
tr	NNS	I have had nightmares ever since anyway .
tr	NN	Besides , you already got the promotion . "
tr	NNS	Thank the gods the boys are not like her .
tr	NNS	Jake lowered the plague victims down the shaft and carried their bodies to their final place of rest .
tr	NNS	In the corner of his eye he noticed two figures on the other side of the road watching him .
tr	NN	The fingers caressed the hilt .
tr	NNS	The towers had no such escape routes .
tr	NNS	My greatest difficulty now is in how to see Lucius again .
tr	NNS	She took several deep breaths as a wave of guilt crashed over her .
tr	NNS	On the other side lie unimaginable dangers .
tr	NNS	I grabbed both our plates and dumped them in the sink .
tr	NNS	She was wearing fluffy slippers because Harry loved to chase after them .
tr	NNS	" On the farm , " said Han , " people shoot snakes with shot guns . "
tr	NNS	" You mean dates ?
tr	NN	He twisted the knob , and the hissing Cale had noted earlier started again .
tr	NN	Jon didn 't understand the meaning of those words , " what meaning does thank you have ? "
tr	NN	She held a small bouquet in her other hand .
tr	NN	" See my ice cream , Auntie Al ?
tr	NN	Should I put security detail on her for the rest of her life ?
tr	NN	" Did Justice Rayburn have the same respect for his son ? "
tr	NN	Neil checked the clock on the wall and saw they were ten minutes out .
tr	NNS	Just then , he heard footfalls above him .
tr	NN	I stifled a yawn , feeling mildly disappointed .
tr	NN	She remembered her desperate plea .
tr	NNS	Louisa turned the pages slowly , fascinated .
tr	NN	She got down a skillet , a mixing bowl and whisk , a grater for the cheese , a knife and board for the ham .
tr	NNS	It took two bus changes to get her out toward the highway , where the neon bright Rite Aid pharmacy offered all night hours .
tr	NNS	Many of our firm 's top ranking lawyers had offices next to ours .
tr	NNS	I had my suspicions .
tr	NN	He cradled his pistol in his hand and very slowly and deliberately loaded a silver bullet .
tr	NNS	Trystan pours three shots and slides glasses towards Sidney and me .
tr	NN	His options quickly dwindling , Rift must fight off the urge to panic as the available light shrinks smaller and smaller .
tr	NN	James pulls a tinfoil package out of the fridge and sticks it in the microwave .
tr	NN	Pia felt a full-body flush sweep over her .
tr	NN	" Your mother will receive a full and fair trial at the Court of Flames .
tr	NNS	The bird count turned up exactly the birds expected for the day , based on statistics .
tr	NNS	He poked his thumbs up and shrugged his shoulders .
tr	NNS	They pay millions for defense because they can 't afford to lose the first time .
tr	NN	The two men eased the sofa away from the door .
tr	NNS	I scanned the monitors .
tr	NNS	Except to magnify his fears .
tr	NN	And each had a silver diamond on it as well . "
tr	NN	We had walked only about a quarter of a mile when something coming toward us made us stop in our tracks .
tr	NN	And there went my resolve to strengthen one of the walls I had built around myself .
tr	NNS	They both gave me cell phone numbers and I gave out my email address .
tr	NN	I put the rolled-up vest under my head as a pillow and take stock of my situation .
tr	NNS	We represent our families now because most of our family members are dead .
tr	NNS	We grow our own vegetables .
tr	NNS	' She was already losing her faculties when I came here .
tr	NN	He gave Ion another friendly pat .
tr	NNS	You see , my helpers had some very different notions from mine , about what was required to keep the whole thing secret .
tr	NN	He superimposed his imagination onto his perception of reality .
tr	NNS	" You will find one thousand dollars in there , enough to start a nice little hat shop in town .
tr	NNS	Elegant hotels , tea shops , and clean native retailers lined the main roads .
tr	NN	You are , after all , my finest creation . "
tr	NNS	He put his palms on his knees , pushed off , and stood .
tr	NN	She handed him a magazine , pointing at a picture .
tr	NN	He 'd never known his imagination to be so real .
tr	NNS	How much had Ares ' sons affected ?
tr	NN	She rolled the candy from one side of her mouth to the other and frowned .
tr	NNS	Lance has some really sweet offers though , so I expect he 'll be getting back to work soon . "
tr	NNS	Mortals had criminals who broke their laws too .
tr	NN	Shay swallowed back her unease .
tr	NN	He didn 't correct his clear rejection , or take it back .
tr	NN	She seeks out a strong branch on the next tree over and leaps to it before she has a chance to talk herself out of it .
tr	NNS	She put Max 's diabetes supplies back in the black pouch .
tr	NN	I asked the barefooted Prince .
tr	NNS	Dredd stares at me but says nothing .
tr	NNS	The light behind us to the west cast the buildings rising from the lake 's shore in gaudy shades of pink and orange .
tr	NNS	As Star begins to relax , I pull my goggles off and set them on top of my helmet with a sigh .
tr	NN	" I hadn 't set my alarm clock yesterday .
tr	NN	Harry touched the trunk .
tr	NN	Neil 's nerves killed his hunger , but he obediently put food on his tray and sat with them .
tr	NN	" She had a stroke , " Dale answered , his voice flat .
tr	NNS	She had no allies .
tr	NNS	He saw all honors given him when starting received with too much personal credit taken and too little given his Lord .
tr	NNS	I signed up two hiking guides to accompany me and to help with my survival .
tr	NNS	She gathers data . "
tr	NN	The reporter could hear the crunch of snow under the undead creature 's boots and then he heard something else too , a low guttural hum .
tr	NNS	' Then you must increase your measures .
tr	NNS	When Colette had first mentioned Christian , Alix had serious doubts about him .
tr	NN	" We will pay you a lump sum of cash afterwards , of course . "
tr	NNS	" Well , I don 't have any little sisters to watch out for , so I might as well help look after yours . "
tr	NNS	Tam and I have been roaming the hallways for most of the lunch period , looking for Matty Charles , who is Mason Charles ' little brother .
tr	NN	" We won that hill , Sergeant .
tr	NNS	We have cameras all over the property to be sure nothing happens between us .
tr	NN	And what harm was there in sharing with a servant ?
tr	NNS	I know what it 's like , " I say , showing him my broken fingernails again .
tr	NN	The awkwardness returned , the same unease he experienced whenever he was around women , especially petite ones .
tr	NNS	When I arrived at the bookstore , Dara was dusting the shelves , and I found Tom working on spreadsheets at the front counter .
tr	NNS	When he didn 't find what he wanted , he toppled chairs as he strode to the walk-in closet , throwing the doors open .
tr	NN	He opened the package and took the report out .
tr	NNS	They flung their pale torches to the ground , and stood gazing out with dazzled eyes .
tr	NNS	" Half of these girls don 't have any skills .
tr	NNS	Bond imagined the whiskers lifting slightly from their teeth .
tr	NNS	Waiting for Scores to finish eating , Case flipped the pages of a newspaper too fast for actual reading .
tr	NNS	Acting swiftly , I threw off the covers and jumped down , barely noticing how chilled the wooden floors felt against my feet .
tr	NNS	This time we have plates and napkins . "
tr	NN	" When can you tell the gender ? "
tr	NN	He had a video of his cute little subjects , all of them alive and seemingly filled with energy , certainly not diseased and dying .
tr	NN	They 'd made her family dingy just by coming here .
tr	NNS	Thoughtful brown eyes regarded the younger sisters for a moment .
tr	NNS	" I can see butterflies in the clouds .
tr	NN	Eyes dropping to his groin , she could see his large shaft straining against the denim .
tr	NNS	The water would have covered up the bits of frame that were not burned .
tr	NNS	" We don 't have dates yet , but the ERC 's made some changes that will make this spring look like a cakewalk .
tr	NN	Maximilian now had his reprieve .
tr	NN	Now drink your cocoa before it gets cold . "
tr	NNS	When they were finished , Dennis and Bobo sat in deflated lumps on the floor , both of them still trying to catch their breath .
tr	NN	As they approached the covered patio , three beefy guys jumped the railing and trotted over to them .
tr	NN	Students usually left the back staircase alone , mostly because it was close to the faculty apartments .
tr	NNS	I pull off my sandals and dangle them in my fingers .
tr	NN	Lily frantically caught up her father 's back pillow , clutching it between her hands to better focus on him .
tr	NNS	She had noted glass-enclosed offices at the back and headed there , striding quickly , with Amy in tow .
tr	NN	I surveyed the email once more before stepping away from him to place it on the dresser .
tr	NN	Again , the chills ran up my spine .
tr	NNS	I would get regular reports from the nannies and Snow was recovering well .
tr	NN	He gave Luc a stern glare .
tr	NNS	They have very few defenses against the undead . "
tr	NNS	No natural caves even , let alone manmade tunnels . "
tr	NN	" Cut the crap ! "
tr	NNS	He didn 't begin writing novels until reaching high school when he realized he may begin forgetting the stories he had created in his head .
tr	NNS	Oh , and water your mom 's roses , too .
tr	NN	Elena 's eyes left the snowy landscape to seek Stefan 's waiting face .
tr	NN	Not that Rich had any objection to moving in with Jamie .
tr	NNS	He pressed open palms to his chest .
tr	NNS	Then sterile masks , smocks , spare uniforms for nurses and orderlies - She stopped .
tr	NNS	' You just don 't like cats , do you ? '
tr	NN	The presence of boron with a low level of nitrogen produced a blue diamond , while radiation made a diamond become green just beyond the surface .
tr	NNS	No drill marks , and no other obvious means of cutting the holes .
tr	NNS	" Where did you get those palms ?
tr	NNS	" What do you see that interests you more than I ? "
tr	NN	Panting , he passes a block of houses , while his forehead is beading with sweat , and enters an English-style pub .
tr	NN	Thus , he followed the scientist .
tr	NNS	In one hand he held the reins , in the other his sword .
tr	NN	I peered down the shaft .
tr	NNS	At bedtime they turn the lamps to near darkness and activate safety lights in each space .
tr	NN	I throw off every " Samantha " insecurity and embrace the brazen Laura Drake in me .
tr	NN	You have barely enough secondary talent to do so .
tr	NN	But Pa did have the patience of Job .
tr	NNS	I miss those meals . "
tr	NNS	" I 've never cast these spells before .
tr	NN	He had an urge for a Hershey bar as he passed Ann 's .
tr	NN	Her eyes stabbed any possible protest from him .
tr	NNS	He squeezed her buttocks and arched upward , driving himself deep into her body .
tr	NN	She had never fired this particular rifle before and she was aware of the Kalashnikov 's accuracy limitations , so she waited .
tr	NN	He earned this reputation because of the cunning way he went about his job .
tr	NNS	Then you 'll have shiny new offices to work in . "
tr	NN	" Alexandra , " he said in a firm , no-nonsense tone , " do you need any help undressing ? "
tr	NNS	The boy had obviously done too many drugs .
tr	NN	Lila holds up this really tacky pink fluffy rug with flowers on it .
tr	NNS	Scott blew out his candles and Becky handed round the portions of home-made Victoria sponge .
tr	NN	Daniel had never won an argument with his mother .
tr	NNS	It had racks and pods enough to carry forty rockets , along with a mounted 30 mm chain gun .
tr	NNS	" And you really don 't care about the missing hikers ? "
tr	NN	I scan the pond , and then look to her familiar hiding place .
tr	NNS	How it wasn 't her fault that Mia clearly had issues .
tr	NNS	" It will erase our tracks so we can disappear into the woods farther up . "
tr	NN	I need t ... t ... to spend some t ... time with her ... talk about her as a witness . "
tr	NN	Her own " dear " husband started up that endearing chant .
tr	NNS	Her heart emptied its beats in a mad rush .
tr	NNS	" Any more tricks ? "
tr	NNS	Assessing and calculating their skills .
tr	NNS	" I also have clients in San Francisco , and Los Angeles and I get to the west coast a lot . "
tr	NNS	The pounding on her door penetrated the deep layers of sleep .
tr	NN	I could sense his eyes narrowing as they swept over the suspended crowd .
tr	NNS	Maybe I 'll even wear something skimpy while I cook dinner for you . "
tr	NNS	" Everything I own fits in one bag . "
tr	NNS	She saw his fangs .
tr	NNS	She wiped her sweaty palms on the old jeans she 'd pulled on , along with a sweatshirt .
tr	NNS	She had fangs of her own .
tr	NN	Either way , they could have used a shave . "
tr	NNS	When they were kids , he and Dylan had hated all the chores .
tr	NN	You are , you must realize , a marvel of the modern age . "
tr	NN	" I haven 't seen a patch of clear sky in over ten days . "
tr	NNS	Magda was chopping up vegetables when I entered .
tr	NN	We don 't have this new cloaking technology yet , or we 'd equip them with it , too .
tr	NNS	Did he see Annie 's blond braids flying like wings ?
tr	NNS	Luis was in the kitchen thawing out steaks in the microwave so he could marinate them for a few hours .
tr	NNS	I am having difficulties rebuilding ?
tr	NNS	" Couple lucky trick shots . "
tr	NNS	They 're offering some high prices for pictures and that means they are watching every move you make . "
tr	NNS	Along with the rips in my skin from his claws , I had burns from where the demon 's spit got on me .
tr	NN	Everyone signed a release before setting foot on Stellar Winds .
tr	NNS	They don 't have high power positions or conquer the world jobs .
tr	NN	I gave him a thumbs-up and dragged myself to my room , where I promptly fell asleep .
tr	NN	Verity stifled a groan and finished drying herself .
tr	NNS	I had my suspicions at the time but there was no proof .
tr	NNS	The suits wanted her reports , not her take on Armageddon .
tr	NN	I 'd never give an official ruling without hard evidence .
tr	NN	Rocco didn 't need any other urging .
tr	NNS	They served Americanized versions of traditional home country food year round and green beer on St. Paddy 's Day .
tr	NN	I broke my boot .
tr	NN	He 's wearing a Ralph Lauren polo with wide stripes and khaki shorts .
tr	NNS	He directed cruise missiles with pinpoint accuracy , all geared toward the destruction of Clayton 's life .
tr	NNS	I blame our poor ancestors who couldn 't afford anything else .
tr	NNS	She didn 't want any more surprises from that side .
tr	NN	" I need a good grade in this class . "
tr	NNS	Imagine the babies these two would make . "
tr	NN	She 's had her temper tantrum .
tr	NNS	Styx gave a low hiss .
tr	NNS	Why would someone destroy my designs ?
tr	NN	Maria had intercepted some intelligence the other day suggesting that there were people looking for us out there .
tr	NN	Jason hammered the last nail into the sign for Clara 's booth .
tr	NNS	This close to Mardi Gras , he couldn 't afford any distractions .
tr	NN	She removed a small glass rod , holding it gingerly by a flat head set upon a slightly constricted neck .
tr	NN	Raven stirred weakly , her voice a thin thread .
tr	NNS	Hunger rose , a sharp , gnawing emptiness that could never be assuaged .
tr	NN	As I closed the car door , I furtively dropped the bagged magazine into the street .
tr	NNS	I never added up the dates before . "
tr	NN	Can 't I have some privacy ? "
tr	NN	She heard Eve 's door slam and running footsteps .
tr	NN	As she lightly held his shoulders for balance , she felt hard muscles ripple beneath her hands .
tr	NNS	They 've killed countless innocents and have no care for any other people but themselves . "
tr	NNS	They improvised packs and began the grueling task , while Jacqueline and Madeline made up another pack for their return .
tr	NN	He opened the drawer that Ingle had been reaching for and removed a pistol .
tr	NNS	Anything else would immediately rouse her suspicions .
tr	NN	Andrew " Mike read the email twice .
tr	NN	My desktop computer already had the forensic software installed .
tr	NNS	I have superior interrogation techniques . "
tr	NNS	" We 've got supplies .
tr	NN	' But the scientists in the future , the foolish scientists with their home-made machine , have no such protection .
tr	NNS	So did the cats .
tr	NNS	Her entire body went boneless , and her heart skipped a beat .
tr	NN	She twirled a strand of hair around her finger and popped a forbidden bubble with her gum in my direction .
tr	NN	" So , Mr Rain , you won your wager ? "
tr	NN	But Captain Nibbles sensed their mirth .
tr	NN	It bespeaks a vast patience that humanity generally does not possess .
tr	NNS	Haven 't we all got bats in the attic though , dear ? "
tr	NNS	I 'd never believed their " just friends " claims since our breakup .
tr	NN	We wait impatiently until they finally seat Logan , Gage , and me in a room with the bitch squad where we wait another twenty minutes .
tr	NN	Now he marched along the scarlet rug , Victoria just behind him , wolves flanking him , and a handful of his strongest vampire warriors behind them .
tr	NNS	" Do the methods usually work ? "
tr	NNS	Perhaps their seed might even bring powers the human one could not ?
tr	NN	Bryan grunted and pulled a towel off the rack and started to dry the dishes .
tr	NNS	Ordinarily , Dr. Morgan preferred the protected confines of houses and barns , commandeered from private citizens at the onset of battle .
tr	NNS	Jake thinks our chances of getting one running are good .
tr	NNS	The salty air invades my senses .
tr	NN	She understood his personality .
tr	NNS	Definitely not the peasants , merchants , slaves or wives and , I 'm certain , many of the warriors . "
tr	NN	Even my light tone sounded artificial , too saccharine to be believable .
tr	NNS	We can try out some spells and catch up with the whole , magic universe .
tr	NN	Her nearness makes my body tense .
tr	NN	" If it is too late to avoid upsetting the equilibrium , nothing .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances . "
tr	NN	A good charioteer , the steward quipped , could send the entirety of the peasant force running .
tr	NNS	" Also , a little applied psychology would probably work wonders for your exorcism , no ? "
tr	NN	A typical Washington home , I discovered : clapboard siding , cute herbal garden , and a stone path through roses .
tr	NNS	Does she like balloons ?
tr	NNS	I could hear giggles from Brittany and Jones beneath the covers .
tr	NNS	Ten minutes later they had eight cans lined up outside the shed having dumped the miscellaneous contents of each on the ground .
tr	NN	She felt his hands tense against her arms and couldn 't ; suppress a shiver of delight .
tr	NNS	Many of them were holding guitars .
tr	NNS	I 'll even invent some new diseases for him , if what 's currently available starts to bore him . '
tr	NN	She saw a smirk on his face as the cyborg leveled his weapon at him .
tr	NNS	" Where the Circle is concerned , the CIA always has leaks . "
tr	NN	Thankfully , just the idea of seeing Royston for dinner that evening gave her a renewed blast of energy .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , the guards had already strapped the crossbows across their backs .
tr	NN	He drained almost a quarter of the bottle before dropping it back to his side and wiping his mouth with the back of his hand .
tr	NN	Or should I say ' my lord ? "
tr	NNS	Thank the gods for Erik .
tr	NNS	" Did I have the balls to do something like that ? "
tr	NN	He cocked his pistol .
tr	NN	I hate the long , cold winters but I love this city too much to move to a warmer climate .
tr	NNS	Jamie shuffled the little DVD envelopes and announced , " January eighth , 1994 . "
tr	NNS	He clutched his ribs , took a deep breath , and jumped for the cable hanging nearby .
tr	NN	" What if you lose your seed ? "
tr	NNS	" Then I must 've parked my brains somewhere .
tr	NN	Carefully , he peeled back the cloth .
tr	NN	I may not have the reputation of your group , but I can hold my own in a fight . "
tr	NN	The first hound made a flying leap at the boar , but was stopped in midair by the boar 's cruel tusks .
tr	NN	Hannah said faintly , " So who was at the door ? "
tr	NN	" You have more faith in me than I have in myself . "
tr	NN	" But ... the police found proof of an animal killing people . "
tr	NNS	He questioned your credentials on fiscal conservatism . "
tr	NN	Vega cooked turtle stew over the fire and there was little conversation .
tr	NN	He drops the cloth on the counter .
tr	NNS	Weary survivors renewed their efforts and tried to make to their way towards them , the safety in this deluge of blood .
tr	NNS	It must have taken millions of years for water to grind away enough of the granite to form the cave .
tr	NN	She watched the dimple in his chin pulse each time he clenched his jaw .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't leave any marks on your back ! "
tr	NN	I unzipped my backpack and took out the January rent check .
tr	NN	He gives my shoulder a squeeze .
tr	NN	The tricky bit was timing the sweep of muted lights with someone going through the main door .
tr	NNS	Other than a few lighthearted comments , and some dazzling smiles , he hadn 't sent us any real signals .
tr	NNS	I 've got all the figures and so on when you want them .
tr	NN	I 'll have faith for that .
tr	NNS	Their long snouts gaped wide , revealing mouths full of shark teeth .
tr	NNS	" Even if you were all here every day of the week , we 'd switch up the bands so you didn 't kill each other .
tr	NN	We discussed the framework of an idea I had , to star Eddie and Joan Davis .
tr	NNS	We had been walking down various hallways with guards in black uniform and doctors in white lab coats staring at us .
tr	NN	Chapter 4 Alix Turner Friday afternoon Alix Turner hung up her baker 's apron in the kitchen of the French Cafe .
tr	NN	Henderson stops the airplane and shuts down the engines .
tr	NNS	I watch the assembled crowds of ordinary Danes and dignitaries from my viewpoint at the back of the main compound area .
tr	NN	If all goes as planned , I may soon have the privilege of seeing the Honorable Judge Slater , and it will be on my terms .
tr	NNS	He liked the roads . "
tr	NN	Check the top drawer of the chest . "
tr	NNS	The other kids gathered their backpacks and belongings , starting out the door to find waiting parents in the cars outside .
tr	NN	Instead , I gave Brownie a pat and followed Solis .
tr	NNS	He didn 't just sing the lyrics ; he performed them .
tr	NN	I normally hate fruit cake but the one you gave me tasted absolutely fantastic !
tr	NNS	Then I searched his pockets .
tr	NNS	Whenever another ghost had connected with her physically she had felt a coldness .
tr	NN	I felt a restless itch and bounced up again .
tr	NNS	He added the extra ingredients and then dipped out another spoonful to taste .
tr	NNS	He unbolted the clips and peered down the barrels .
tr	NNS	So I 'll make cards for 0 through 9 , and A through F .
tr	NN	" Give me his location , and the location of the Hab . "
tr	NNS	I learned all the delicate pressure points on a man 's body .
tr	NN	Confused , I grabbed the scroll from her and saw that a tag had my name on it .
tr	NN	It involves ice cream . "
tr	NN	She straightened her spine and wrapped the robe tighter around her body .
tr	NNS	She crawled over fallen statues , pillars , and the bodies of the dead to the center of the once great temple where she resigned to weep .
tr	NN	Ivan enjoyed his new toy .
tr	NNS	We will assign several members of our Media Relations team to that program , so the public can get the latest information as fast as possible .
tr	NNS	Jax yanked the covers back and slid into bed .
tr	NNS	" We collect the crops .
tr	NNS	Blood stained the mattress .
tr	NN	Give up the resistance which you so obstinately erect and you will be in a position to open up the door !
tr	NN	Then I have an epiphany : Maybe Thayer is running late , later than me .
tr	NNS	I 'm not above showing my fangs if it will get some human students out of this school for good . "
tr	NN	She fought the urge to cover it with her hand .
tr	NN	Bloody water splashed her apron , diluting the crimson dots she 'd earned while treating Mille 's wounded leg .
tr	NNS	" What do you need cameras for ? "
tr	NN	" A deed will earn you the deed . "
tr	NN	He snorted a faint snicker at me under his breath .
tr	NNS	" Four ram ships ... head your way ... Rex . "
tr	NN	But a strange and new insecurity floated inside him now , the sensation of losing her when they 'd finally just found each other again .
tr	NNS	He plucked out bits of dirt and rock , and every touch seared .
tr	NNS	" I love the scents and the sounds .
tr	NN	Laws do not require faith or belief from them to work .
tr	NNS	You must display your wares . "
tr	NNS	Ben got complaints all night . "
tr	NNS	The others clutched their spears and hesitated , casting wary glances toward Dunk as they waited for their lord to speak .
tr	NNS	The woods seemed unearthly quiet , no chattering birds , not even the rustle of squirrels or chipmunks in the underbrush .
tr	NN	She immediately felt the sensation of a hand brushing down the length of her hair , the gentlest of caresses .
tr	NN	Don 't forget , I can see this paddock from my place .
tr	NNS	Molly dealt the cards like a professional dealer .
tr	NN	We don 't need a warrant if he invites us in , and if I hear someone call for help I have to investigate . "
tr	NNS	" I use graham cracker crumbs .
tr	NN	" So we 're speaking soap opera now ?
tr	NN	Iris had picked the argument that was suppose to win .
tr	NN	Natasha quickly grabbed a basin and ran over to her husband .
tr	NNS	I covered my tracks .
tr	NN	Her mother and father 's unbalanced , unhealthy relationship set an example Cara refused to follow .
tr	NNS	We would suffer losses .
tr	NN	Mr. Marin 's eyes grew blacker and darker than Hanna had ever seen them .
tr	NNS	My father , Cain Caleb Montgomery II , served two terms as a U.S. senator .
tr	NN	At least she 'd gotten the email from her brother about the wire transfer of the money and how he 'd arranged this flight .
tr	NNS	The least you can do is cook some vegetables .
tr	NNS	" She visits the mines regularly . "
tr	NNS	He searched his surroundings , trying to determine what was off .
tr	NNS	Without turning his head to him , Hagan gave Lucas a thumbs up .
tr	NN	" I 'll just wire a simple timer circuit directly into the shutter switch .
tr	NN	" Woo hoo , ride that cowboy , " someone called out , and Chad groaned against her mouth .
tr	NN	I dislike ice cream -- too sweet -- but love any flavor of potato chip .
tr	NNS	I have just discovered my abilities and my families ' origins .
tr	NN	I notice the hunger in their eyes whenever they glance at me , the way their stares linger on the line of my collarbone , my breasts .
tr	NNS	" Get your pirate uniforms on .
tr	NN	I move my body encouragingly , and my sex , wet and willing , rubs against the short silky hairs on his thighs .
tr	NNS	Ms. Terwilliger had requested all sorts of leaves , stems , and clippings .
tr	NN	" Whoever they find to replace him will recognize your talent . "
tr	NN	Xavier Vaughn had always had that effect on me .
tr	NN	She 'd been nibbling a strawberry as they 'd surveyed what Bricker had brought them when she 'd spotted the whipped cream .
tr	NN	I took the towel from Cade and said , " Thanks , I think I can get this .
tr	NNS	Please , he begged any gods who would listen .
tr	NNS	We didn 't have the supplies it would take to fuel us digging through that rubble though .
tr	NN	Turning , I take the towel and avoid eye contact as I hold it open for him .
tr	NN	Then I get a clean paper towel and wrap it around his hand and tell him to squeeze .
tr	NNS	She 's also screwing Chase 's brains out , and he didn 't really have a ton to begin with .
tr	NNS	Saved four families . "
tr	NNS	She flipped more pages . "
tr	NNS	She will send knives after us . "
tr	NNS	Leif and Josh each had their own family references to war .
tr	NNS	But , unfortunately , I don 't think out families will excuse us . "
tr	NNS	Brenda stepped in front of Thomas unexpectedly , her face only a few inches from his .
tr	NN	It 's carrying hardware , no crew - everything on automatic . "
tr	NN	Stop my building 's garbage collection ? "
tr	NNS	I hate snakes . "
tr	NNS	The jungle had swallowed the buildings , one by one .
tr	NN	" I 've had no occasion to assist my brother since he left Martinique . "
tr	NN	It means a union .
tr	NN	Jacob , have my horse readied . "
tr	NNS	I 'd schedule meetings and appointments and people came .
tr	NNS	He placed his palms on the wall on either side of my head , the cold sheetrock pressing into my back .
tr	NNS	She wore a light sundress , and her hair was as styled and perfect as ever .
tr	NN	" Because we have a common goal .
tr	NN	Mom tucks a wayward strand of hair over my shoulder .
tr	NN	The lid could come off this operation and I 'm not going to wait around and see . "
tr	NNS	Would he explore more lands ?
tr	NNS	I could hear the birds in the trees .
tr	NN	At the mention of Riley 's name Dylan felt a flutter in his chest .
tr	NNS	Franz was getting more nauseous and dizzy .
tr	NN	It didn 't have any substance or meaning . "
tr	NN	And gives me more material for this paper .
tr	NNS	I 'll do your chores for a month . "
tr	NNS	" No , from what I saw , they had two teams .
tr	NN	Tom gave him a sympathetic pat on the shoulder , and the group drifted away .
tr	NN	Their heads both bent over a textbook , Samantha 's arm resting across Pavel 's shoulders .
tr	NNS	As usual , you destroyed my efforts .
tr	NNS	He hears the twins crying , but he cannot find them .
tr	NNS	Alma must reserve her efforts for this speech .
tr	NN	" Has anyone found the duck ? "
tr	NNS	Shane pointed both thumbs back toward his chest .
tr	NNS	I picked three pairs of pants , three shirts , one dress , and several pairs of panties and bras .
tr	NNS	An artificial human voice intoned human numbers over the intercom .
tr	NNS	He was obviously knocked senseless , but one phrase kept floating to the surface amidst the incoherent babble .
tr	NN	The salesmen from Toronto each got several fish .
tr	NNS	They 'd certainly impacted several planets for the better .
tr	NN	He mended his uniform .
tr	NNS	And you love dolphins so much .
tr	NN	Sooner or later he 'd quit answering .
tr	NN	The driver cracked his whip and the horses , apparently without effort , pulled the coach away up the hill .
tr	NN	It wasn 't so much experimentation than ... an execution . "
tr	NN	Ducking back inside , he grabbed the mic .
tr	NNS	She saw the familiar confines of a lab beyond , and he viciously pushed her through it .
tr	NN	She needed proof , forensic proof , not circumstances and hearsay .
tr	NN	The lawyer gave her an icy glare .
tr	NNS	' They 'll keep your spark plugs working if you 're lucky , but that 's about it .
tr	NN	With our sweep of the empty caverns complete , I use my mic to call to Hulls .
tr	NNS	An ornate wooden comb , fixed behind her bun in the Spanish fashion , added a few inches to her already tall figure .
tr	NN	" I really don 't see the harm . "
tr	NN	For Ark II , they used a rather unconventional method landing and brought down both the crew compartment and the cargo compartment at the same time .
tr	NN	The bright , green color of his irises added such a contrast to the normal darkness of the man .
tr	NN	Have you caught any big fish recently ?
tr	NN	She felt his dismay .
tr	NNS	A saw blade protruded a full 16 inches from the tip , with one side serrated and the other one sharp like a sword .
tr	NNS	Hannah was now spending most weekends with him and loving every minute of them .
tr	NNS	Roman gripped his covers tightly .
tr	NNS	See , I found these reports in the news archives from fifty years ago of a gentleman who claimed to have come through this area .
tr	NN	Light glinted off the silver frame in her hands .
tr	NNS	More than she was already , she amended mentally .
tr	NN	I pulled the cart up and Grant turned in my direction .
tr	NNS	He needed allies , but he knew that with his hostile and vindictive behavior , he would make life impossible for himself .
tr	NN	I smiled at him weakly , slightly embarrassed .
tr	NNS	She released the bands holding Jolene 's hair and carefully ran a brush through it .
tr	NNS	' Deep inside my heart , I have two wolves .
tr	NN	" And she doesn 't take crap from anyone ? "
tr	NNS	Clay watched the reflections of the blue shadow lamps in the cruiser 's windows .
tr	NNS	She loved the teachings of the Five Visions .
tr	NNS	She made daily complaints to Station Admin about life on the Station .
tr	NN	He didn 't understand the fey , and I refused to drag my family into the hidden world .
tr	NN	Fredrick brought the package up to his eyes and gently pulled on the ridged brown paper .
tr	NNS	His hands touched her inner thighs .
tr	NNS	She pried her fingernails from the wall and moved closer to get a better look at Gwen .
tr	NN	" He needs a healer . "
tr	NNS	Then I pull a mattress in front of it for my sister and me to share .
tr	NNS	Even worse , she still had issues with religion .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes , seeing .
tr	NN	He had bought the large bathtub to accommodate his size , but now he was very grateful it would hold both of them .
tr	NNS	Nolan tugged off the layers of clothes and blankets until he uncovered his father .
tr	NN	She gives my hip , and its ample padding , a good squeeze .
tr	NNS	The feel of her jolted his insides .
tr	NNS	The thing orbited the wizards and then disappeared into the darkness of the roof .
tr	NNS	Ran off some figures .
tr	NN	Her grubby fingers grasped her sugary treasure and she was oblivious to the trouble I 'm in because of her .
tr	NN	Leo understood the meaning immediately : one day you 'll understand .
tr	NNS	You 've all seen the reports I sent you .
tr	NNS	Despite trying to avoid it , he discerned bits of individual remains .
tr	NN	I have no proof .
tr	NN	Mike heard the acknowledgment on his own radio .
tr	NNS	I scan our surroundings and look for more unseen hazards , trying to picture the activity on the street .
tr	NNS	I pushed the crumbs around with my finger .
tr	NNS	The pendant had Celtic markings with a polished stone dead center .
tr	NNS	We can 't have three cats .
tr	NNS	He swims a few hard breast strokes towards the fall and leaps out of the water like a majestic dolphin .
tr	NN	She handed me a napkin so I could blow my nose .
tr	NNS	Maybe getting some new pots for the fall herb storage perhaps ? "
tr	NN	" I 'll call the airport and have them ready your jet .
tr	NN	" Got any juice ? "
tr	NN	Then Jocelyn started down the hill to the fortress .
tr	NN	They had no butter .
tr	NNS	It probably has your fingerprints all over it .
tr	NN	But still , even then , he felt the void , the part that was missing .
tr	NNS	You may not have those titles in this time .
tr	NNS	They hunt their foes with ruthlessness Then vanish without trace .
tr	NNS	The lightning lit the clouds .
tr	NN	He picked up the rod again .
tr	NNS	A few even had soccer balls .
tr	NN	" Got ta go , " Dylan grabbed his backpack and scooted out of the booth .
tr	NN	Of course , a silver bullet could bring down the mightiest Were , an anxious voice whispered in the back of her mind .
tr	NN	" Anyone that injures her will meet the same fate . "
tr	NN	I hated confrontation ; it made my stomach hurt .
tr	NNS	She could hear whispered discussions through the fog and the voice said : ' Well , that might work .
tr	NN	Miranda let out a high-pitched moan .
tr	NN	Outside , the taxi honked its horn .
tr	NN	Kevin had that smirk on his face like he knew something that she didn 't know .
tr	NNS	Even if he had left men behind , she could cover her tracks and reach help , if necessary .
tr	NN	Murphy thrusts his trident into the chest of a wolf .
tr	NN	She could not bear the distaste in his manner , the frustration she had seen etched in his face .
tr	NN	Into her own , she crumbled a little cube of white granules .
tr	NNS	I 'll , ah , run some errands .
tr	NNS	It took several attempts before I could squeeze out a sentence .
tr	NNS	She kept the tales simple and unadorned , avoiding possible traps should her memory fail her at a later date .
tr	NN	He faced the six crewmen inside the prison .
tr	NN	The one that came here got a lesson I 'm sure he won 't soon forget .
tr	NNS	The man bombarded her senses , when her defenses were shaky at best .
tr	NNS	She looked at the gilt frame of the mirror , the dark brown marble mantel , the shelves of old decaying books .
tr	NNS	" Did you make out sleeping assignments ? "
tr	NNS	Cole could not believe her boldness .
tr	NNS	Maybe forty yards south to north , maybe two hundred east to west .
tr	NNS	Sasha must have overheard the doctors .
tr	NN	" This doesn 't get any more fucking real , princess . "
tr	NN	That man 's got a chainsaw for a mind . "
tr	NNS	Then he stopped his movements , remaining still and deep in her .
tr	NN	Satisfy his hunger for all time .
tr	NN	Aisling gave her a playful shove and said , " Go on out of that !
tr	NNS	Then we 'll be sitting ducks . "
tr	NNS	They showed their warrant cards to the receptionist and were taken through to the Post Masters office .
tr	NN	" You have an appointment at the Observation Tower now .
tr	NN	Cynthia put her pen to her lip , looking thoughtful .
tr	NN	" We should have some privacy - " He broke off as a figure rose nervously from one of the armchairs .
tr	NN	Neither base has any electricity at all .
tr	NN	I hopped off the tailgate and , clipboard in hand , jogged toward the deputies .
tr	NN	Expect the blurring and distortion , but it will not last . "
tr	NN	He 'd learned his lesson - no more pretending to be Superman on these long trips .
tr	NNS	Instantly , I felt butterflies in my stomach !
tr	NN	" I 've already got a dozen of my agents en route to contain the place .
tr	NNS	They 'd had grand discussions and debates then .
tr	NNS	When we met at the Dairy Queen , however , I had doubts immediately .
tr	NNS	" That I should use cards to read your fortune , when your fate already depends on them . "
tr	NN	The auctioneer repeated the bid .
tr	NNS	I made bologna sandwiches . "
tr	NNS	Laurent took their empty coffee cups and set them aside .
tr	NNS	" How many shots is that ? "
tr	NNS	She looked past Jess to Saber .
tr	NNS	His face still bore the marks of recent emotion ; there were shadows under his eyes and his mouth was not quite steady .
tr	NNS	Workers in jumpsuits were welding and attaching big shimmery panels to the frameworks of the slim jets .
tr	NN	I didn 't even notice the bull , focused as I was on the hateful girl , until it barreled into my narrow range of vision .
tr	NN	If I could pull it off , it 'd make an okay tool to undo a screw .
tr	NN	His mind avoided the coming encounter with his ' ex ' .
tr	NNS	Lourdes could draw her own conclusions and think whatever she wanted about me .
tr	NN	She 'd paid a princely sum for that attractive lighting , but it was rarely used for its intended purpose .
tr	NNS	My blood kills the parasites .
tr	NN	He heard her moan , deep in her throat , the sound nearly guttural with need .
tr	NNS	Among the soldiers at the outpost , however , we will find allies . "
tr	NN	By the time I come back , Cami is feeding him a sugar cube and whispering to him .
tr	NNS	" Maybe I 'll get bonus points for giving Grim two bodies instead of one . "
tr	NN	" Well at least wear a clean t-shirt . "
tr	NN	" Can I have my swimsuit ? "
tr	NNS	Undoubtedly , George had left untold millions behind , bequeathing them to who knows who .
tr	NN	Is this God answering my prayer ?
tr	NNS	Brian applied full flaps and reversed the thrusters .
tr	NN	We 're already running the BP operation in Moscow , too , not to mention our defector friends here . "
tr	NN	She poured the clear liquid into round glasses and passed them around .
tr	NN	Any other man would have taken her refusal for what it was : a negative response that she had no intention of altering .
tr	NN	Painter shifted his briefcase up from the floorboard to his lap .
tr	NN	It lit up the easel .
tr	NN	Chapter 12 On Sunday a bright sun sparkled the dew on the grass and made it look like glittering glass beads .
tr	NNS	Dylan 's smile went sly again .
tr	NN	He turned the tiny gold bird over and looked at the initials on the back .
tr	NNS	You don 't get any points for being adorable .
tr	NN	He lined up the needle at the beginning of track three and waited .
tr	NN	From the pocket of her dress she took a handful of red berries and dropped them into the bowl .
tr	NNS	He could feel the heaviness in her heart .
tr	NNS	" How many islands are there ? "
tr	NN	She withheld a protest , knowing it would do no good , and waited for him to let her inside .
tr	NN	He also has a broken rib and possible concussion according to the medical record I read in his room . "
tr	NN	Dropping the cable prevented the airplane from landing and they also knew they didn 't have enough fuel to RTB .
tr	NN	She then placed the cloth in the basin , rubbed it with soap , and then rung it out .
tr	NN	Nash gave me a stern glare , and he and his teammates sat down .
tr	NN	Randy tapped his pen against the pad of paper , considering what to write next .
tr	NN	Absolute dirt clod perfection .
tr	NN	" Did you own a different farm somewhere else before you got this one ? "
tr	NN	Bob had no lifeline after this year . "
tr	NNS	She selected ten cards and laid them out .
tr	NN	That person was riding a motorcycle , a helmet hiding their face and their cloak flapping in the wind .
tr	NNS	Tall wooden towers , filled with armed guards , spaced every two hundred yards , or so , a precaution against escape rather than fear of attack .
tr	NNS	Billy accepted the burdens .
tr	NN	Me and Linc will play football . "
tr	NN	Adele quickly made a hand gesture that traced the lack of breasts .
tr	NN	I 've never seen a fish like you before .
tr	NNS	" I just love happy endings .
tr	NN	They only had seven aircraft in the embryo JV 44 , and less than half of them were serviceable at any one time .
tr	NNS	I eyed the horizontal slabs of white that marked the attic door .
tr	NN	On the floor beside it lay its lid , and it was doubtless this that I had tripped over .
tr	NN	" If I would have done it , you would never learn your lesson . "
tr	NNS	Again , he stopped her caress and she started to protest .
tr	NNS	Come morning , the sun would destroy the remains .
tr	NN	Roberto saw the fury and it drew him .
tr	NNS	" I would watch the classes , or the rehearsals , whatever was going on .
tr	NN	Homemade pear preserves dripped golden juice over the biscuits , and the yellow cantaloupe was ripe and sweet .
tr	NN	Each combination of lines and shades does not have just one meaning .
tr	NN	We already have a pilot , but thanks for the generous offer . "
tr	NNS	He 'd wrapped rags around his face with only holes for his eyes and mouth .
tr	NN	Maybe I should seriously consider caller ID .
tr	NN	He tucked her braid behind her ear .
tr	NNS	Keeping a wary eye on Byron , he gathered the photographs .
tr	NN	Graham lifted the nozzle to his mouth and squirted some water inside .
tr	NNS	And his questions invariably drew blank stares .
tr	NNS	Most of them noticed the stupid grins from Cable and company .
tr	NN	He 'd only lost a quarter of a million .
tr	NN	Strong fumes as if the old plane had a leak or was overfilled .
tr	NN	She reached a long stretch of road where the speed limit was 65 mph .
tr	NN	Miranda spoke out another command .
tr	NNS	But we have three chances left .
tr	NN	Had my harlot 's clothes and the blood kiss marks on my inner thighs and chest betrayed my status as the Troika 's blood whore ?
tr	NN	A chill skated down her spine and suddenly the scene crystallized .
tr	NNS	Some boys bought her chocolates and other gifts , while others told her jokes to try and impress her .
tr	NN	She had a duty as a VIPER agent to find out who Isak and his people were .
tr	NN	Now turn the knob . "
tr	NNS	He uncovered the lies and found the power they hid .
tr	NN	I just don 't want a repeat of last time , alright ?
tr	NNS	No one has ever retired six androids in one day . "
tr	NNS	Using various hallways and passing through other rooms , we gathered a few more supplies as we made our way back to the entrance .
tr	NNS	When those stories became old news , the survivors told their harrowing tales for the local media , Jonah McAllister chief among them .
tr	NN	If not for her reminder , he may have missed his oath altogether .
tr	NNS	The corporation spends billions to hook children before its competitors do .
tr	NN	" You want a daughter 's betrayal . "
tr	NN	" I made a fresh batch just two days ago .
tr	NN	I need advice . "
tr	NN	Of course I can handle the revolver .
tr	NN	Maddy gave her fingers a squeeze .
tr	NN	" I never knew a robber knight .
tr	NNS	" I need a few ornaments . "
tr	NN	Karen put the receiver down .
tr	NNS	Do not underestimate his abilities .
tr	NNS	I 've got some leads on paintings for the two main parlors .
tr	NN	Before I could say anything , he let the door slam in my face .
tr	NNS	" I 've been securing our lands .
tr	NNS	Blow those bombs . "
tr	NNS	I could make changes on the fly , and she went with it .
tr	NN	Like their companions on shore , they sent shaft after shaft arcing towards the oncoming ships , until the vessels looked like porcupines .
tr	NNS	Even the powder blue , quarter sleeve , button-down shirt had clearly aligned creases .
tr	NNS	They would ride up her thighs .
tr	NNS	His eyes were like swirling deep pools of blue that threatened to swallow me whole .
tr	NN	Craving candy , I ate a jar of cake decorations .
tr	NN	He turned the knob and opened the door .
tr	NNS	Emma watched three vans streak past .
tr	NN	She had either bad timing or good timing , depending on how she wanted to look at it .
tr	NNS	" How many overnight guests have tried ? "
tr	NN	" I have an excellent attorney . "
tr	NN	He understood her reluctance to go to sleep in wolf form .
tr	NN	It has a red leather covering and gold edging around the thin pages .
tr	NNS	Maybe all of this self-loathing had thrown my powers out of whack .
tr	NNS	I make a few trips until the car is empty .
tr	NN	The bird gobbled the treat and cried for more .
tr	NN	I don 't need your protection .
tr	NN	A gust blew a strand of long dark hair across her eyes .
tr	NNS	I hitched my thumbs under my belt buckle .
tr	NN	Can I go climb to the top of Sharpie ? "
tr	NNS	If he opposed it , then it could affect his state 's water distribution rights .
tr	NNS	I have made provisions for ownership of Wolfram Castle to be transferred to you . "
tr	NN	She tried casting , but it was mostly ineffective against him , due to his strong immunity . "
tr	NN	The squid passed the spacecraft fin , and they could gauge its size .
tr	NN	" I can still make that noon deadline . "
tr	NNS	In that moment I forgive all his rudeness .
tr	NNS	They have a few more tricks as well . "
tr	NNS	It would be like shooting birds in a cage .
tr	NN	She had a talent for analyzing dreams , but she needed context to comprehend what her intuition was trying to tell her .
tr	NNS	On the way , I pulled the cameras off the wall and Cece switched the wires around , disabling the cameras .
tr	NN	He dropped the patent leather shoe with the fingerprint into a plastic bag from Home Depot and shoved it under his bed .
tr	NNS	Bryant and Nadia had discussed possible methods of apology , from chocolate and flowers , to proposals of marriage .
tr	NNS	Instead , as strange it sounded the very thought of knocking caused the pages to flutter and land on a passage in response .
tr	NNS	Others would call them sociopathic time bombs just waiting for the next political or financial crisis to justify their violence .
tr	NNS	He 'd heard all sorts of rumours about Evil .
tr	NNS	He kissed her neck and whispered , " Face up or down , both have benefits . "
tr	NN	Franco led a sobbing Marita away , with Helena clucking soothing nonsense and promising a bath immediately .
tr	NNS	They only found the bricks because they looked for them .
tr	NNS	They 're called Old Men at Bendigo , and Sunbury Races .
tr	NN	She twisted the damp towel around her hands .
tr	NN	Paying off my debt .
tr	NNS	She was feeling envious at the guests who were walking around with a plate full of food in their hand .
tr	NN	You wouldn 't ever hit anybody .
tr	NNS	" Take the dogs with you .
tr	NNS	But not to her , thought Tiberius as he looked over at the spirited beauty riding beside him .
tr	NN	As much as he hated to leave without Corinne 's son , Hunter also could not ignore his duty to his fellow warriors .
tr	NNS	Now we must play our cards right .
tr	NN	According to the records , you 've filed a plea of not guilty and not guilty by reason of insanity ? "
tr	NN	Follow your conductor and step out onto the path that leads to light . "
tr	NNS	How did they test those settings anyway ?
tr	NNS	He ordered two beers .
tr	NN	" Don 't trust anybody . "
tr	NN	Under normal circumstances , he would perform such a simple task without even thinking .
tr	NN	She glared up the clock as she blew loose strands of her lemon yellow hair out of her face .
tr	NN	I remembered my possible status as the new crazy girl if Ally and Billie decided to turn on me .
tr	NNS	The girl needed sandwiches .
tr	NNS	Considering she 'd been hurt recently by a man who 'd used her , Doug had his doubts .
tr	NNS	As I plunge the knife through the barrier and into the shadow 's heart , it lets out one long hiss .
tr	NN	He got a scholarship , but he had to get a deferment when Matt got sick .
tr	NN	Put together a bid or research where best to plant the garden ? "
tr	NNS	Bambi followed the caress , as if she sought to get closer to her true owner .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	Elliot checked his tapes ; he had only the harsh rattle of gunfire , and the sounds of sparks .
tr	NN	I hadn 't checked my e-mail all day , and I 'd considered giving it a pass for a couple more days .
tr	NN	" They are ... kicking butt . "
tr	NN	" Always a possibility . "
tr	NN	I 've been telling my lawyer that I needed to talk to you - " He had ?
tr	NN	Her hand had almost reached the doorknob , but she couldn 't bring her fingers to close on it .
tr	NNS	But as all men of valor know , the mind has more tricks than Houdini , and alcohol even greater .
tr	NN	" My attorney ? "
tr	NNS	" You have big cat Shifters , wolf Shifters , and bear Shifters .
tr	NNS	Two gross more yellow roses .
tr	NN	He took a small wad between his fingers , tucked the moist leaves into his mouth and handed the pouch back to his visitor .
tr	NNS	Not to mention the way his uniform hugs his body makes me want to repeat history .
tr	NN	We have this terrace all to ourselves and this beautiful , comfortable bed . "
tr	NN	" Let 's sit in the sauna , you can tell me every detail . "
tr	NNS	When they were kids , Malcolm would practice his tricks on the teachers at school .
tr	NNS	There are scuffling noises .
tr	NN	I snapped off the bottle cap and chugged the bottle of blood as I stood there , until the gremlin inside me quieted down again .
tr	NN	Already so wet and ready for him , her body offered absolutely no resistance .
tr	NN	His laughter made her jaw clench .
tr	NNS	It took the best efforts of both of the Watchers to keep Landon upright as they made their way to the building .
tr	NNS	There it enjoyed the coolest breezes on Gehenna .
tr	NNS	" Like I said , we can 't create gods . "
tr	NNS	He drank down several gulps of coffee , then strode out of the cafeteria , with Valerie close behind .
tr	NNS	He had scratches and scrapes here and there , but otherwise seemed OK .
tr	NN	After a moment , he handed the recording to the Inquisitor .
tr	NN	Already Miriam wraps her small frame around one leg as I go low for the other .
tr	NN	She had ordered French lingerie in order to drive him mad , but instead she found her own body ready to explode with need .
tr	NN	A bel y nearly in ful bloom and a long road trip didn 't mesh wel together .
tr	NN	She dropped the bouquet he 'd brought as he scooped her into his arms .
tr	NN	Surprises I 'd had the foresight to ask him about previously .
tr	NN	I want his cock inside me .
tr	NN	Mitch approached the jukebox on which three empty glasses were stacked .
tr	NNS	And for him I cast my most powerful spells . "
tr	NNS	I could feel the stares as I walked by .
tr	NNS	He walked the few yards to the palace entrance , the chauffeur holding aloft an umbrella to protect him from the fine snow that was falling .
tr	NNS	They , too , must have seen the signal fires from wherever they were camped .
tr	NNS	I licked the last few drops of blood off his throat afterward and let him sit back in his seat .
tr	NN	Michael felt a hitch in his gut , but he had to ask the next question .
tr	NNS	I 've also got various charities focused on young adults and kids .
tr	NNS	I 'll do the pamphlets , but those other women ... I won 't go near there . "
tr	NNS	" Did you see his toenails ? "
tr	NN	Everyone 's face turned a tiny bit paler , but the truth bombs weren 't done yet .
tr	NNS	Realizing if she stayed in bed she 'd just let herself get caught up in angst , she tossed back the covers and got up .
tr	NNS	" He only wanted my contacts , if you can believe it .
tr	NNS	They carried black shields and wore silver iron helmets charging toward the pilgrims .
tr	NN	A tremor of fear went down his spine .
tr	NNS	I finish my chronometer settings and compare them with Blake 's .
tr	NNS	I shouldn 't feel envious of that , but I did .
tr	NNS	No mental picture of what the place was like before the gas filled the corridors and airways .
tr	NN	He caught the excess material in a fist and used that hold to turn her toward him as he hissed , " What are ye doing ?
tr	NN	I lowered my rifle and looked around quickly to see if it might be an ambush .
tr	NNS	Farrah swished aside the drapes and raised the window .
tr	NN	He didn 't command respect the way a leader like the governor could .
tr	NNS	" Or look at Gavin and pretend he 's grown antlers to match that obnoxiously large snout of his . "
tr	NN	I never meant any harm .
tr	NNS	He 'd stacked his Solo cups , and had about six of them .
tr	NNS	The fact that he didn 't notice - and demand that I stop - spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	" Didn 't you ever take geography classes in school ? "
tr	NN	" Why do you suppose nobody else bid against you ? "
tr	NN	Glancing back , she still saw nobody in the study window .
tr	NNS	Now , I did think , The smoke will drive the bugs away .
tr	NNS	With a grim determination , Victor thrust aside centuries of absolute authority .
tr	NNS	One of the utility men made a few adjustments and patted a ready signal .
tr	NN	Because they want to hold on to him , get all the credit ? "
tr	NN	Then his hand found a rough branch and he pulled his head to the surface .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to kiss her in her sleep .
tr	NN	Daniel takes the cylinder in his hands ; it looks tiny and frail against his long , tanned fingers .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , he needed the cargo ships now so he could set that whole plan in motion .
tr	NN	They had all the technology available to them , but it would never take the place of their belief in themselves .
tr	NN	He has a bad reputation .
tr	NN	He 'd never had much occasion to use it .
tr	NN	Lin looked a little flushed , but the other girl didn 't seem to notice .
tr	NN	The third screen displayed a document in what appeared to be a word processing program .
tr	NN	" I used an override to change this craft 's status from holding to active .
tr	NN	He was tidying up a full page sketch and sampling shading effects .
tr	NNS	He had no powers whatsoever .
tr	NNS	Can you see ghosts ?
tr	NN	Go face your fate .
tr	NNS	I have less than a hundred thousand citizens left , and our shields will not stop the building radiation from the cobalt poisoning for much longer .
tr	NNS	We made some hot dogs for dinner and that made them feel better .
tr	NNS	Right now you have too many clients asking for you .
tr	NNS	Chapter 7 It was like exchanging texts with the most interesting and popular person in the universe ... who happened to be on Jupiter .
tr	NN	To get the puppet out - or ' let it out , ' in my grandfather 's words - you 'd have to break the glass .
tr	NNS	Before Savannah could answer Cole 's question , the waitress delivered their plates .
tr	NN	The bullet had shattered the ridge of bone above his right eye .
tr	NNS	She clenched her thighs remembering him clearing the desk and taking her for hours .
tr	NN	She said a quick prayer that she hadn 't blown this opportunity .
tr	NNS	Or we 'd be working out the dates . "
tr	NNS	Searching for the meaning of this place , he studied the cliffs , which revealed nothing .
tr	NNS	If that were the case , you 'd have your T-shirts on right side out some of the time .
tr	NNS	" Follow your instincts . "
tr	NN	I watch my food intake very carefully . "
tr	NN	Some other lost witch .
tr	NN	Leaning forward , her fingers skimmed his belly .
tr	NN	I just ... you know , didn 't want it to seem like it was the only reason I got the internship .
tr	NN	She shook out her umbrella and leaned it in the corner then unbuttoned her raincoat and shrugged it off .
tr	NN	I rush the net for an easy deuce .
tr	NN	Mother set the teacup down .
tr	NN	He set the pizza on the foot of the bed and retrieved a giant slice oozing with white cheese and piled high with veggies .
tr	NNS	Izzy had discovered the library shelves on dance and spent several days watching the live performances .
tr	NN	The dragon shot out a blast of fire from her nostrils .
tr	NN	After that , I have a proposal that I think may interest you ; if not , no hard feelings .
tr	NN	She mixed the soil and saliva and made a compress for the wounds .
tr	NN	The essence around her was tainted , a kaleidoscope of dark shades .
tr	NNS	We 're filling out reports , the Healer will be in here to look you over , and then we 'll be able to leave . "
tr	NN	" The cost isn 't an issue , " he assured the sales assistant , a bright young man who was hoping for his largest commission ever .
tr	NN	The initial tattoo usually only has the talking compulsion in it .
tr	NN	He picked up a fork and started to eat the breakfast .
tr	NNS	Reginald took several deep , shambling breaths .
tr	NN	He eyes the second painting with keen interest .
tr	NN	She grabbed her briefcase , which weighed a ton and started out at a jog .
tr	NNS	He only got bits and pieces because Sam had the damn phone glued to his ear , but what he heard chilled him to the bone .
tr	NN	He bought a painting for five hundred bucks .
tr	NNS	Seven prewar floors , that 's a little above treetop height .
tr	NN	A shiver raced down my spine .
tr	NNS	As it was , she was only operating on half her brain function from just the stress of knowing he was in town .
tr	NN	Where in the world did your aunt learn such an ancient language ? "
tr	NNS	We 've had a few clients who didn 't react well to it . "
tr	NN	It would save you a nasty run-in with my guards . "
tr	NN	God help him , Rafe still wasn 't following his aunt 's logic .
tr	NN	In reality , I palmed a pen and stuck it in my skirt pocket .
tr	NNS	Earl had defied Culver 's attempts to send him off , pitting them on opposite sides .
tr	NN	When Charles glanced at his parents , his mother looked sheepish .
tr	NN	I could hear the agitation growing in my tone now .
tr	NNS	I could just make out two figures at the front of the aisle .
tr	NNS	I snap several photographs before the swing set catches my eye .
tr	NN	Hearing a chuckle , she straightened her spine .
tr	NNS	We have your uniforms .
tr	NN	I remembered the smiling , easygoing faery from just a week ago .
tr	NN	asked his uncle , shaking his head .
tr	NN	You 've got more self-control than any talent I 've ever met .
tr	NN	Perhaps a brief flash of cognizance penetrated the haze covering her brain .
tr	NNS	Take out eighty dollars and put it in your front pocket . "
tr	NN	Daniel picked up a handful of rocks and skipped them across the water .
tr	NN	" I am not talking to your ... your ... " " Mighty throbbing manhood ? "
tr	NNS	Angelina had observed subtle changes in her over her time with the Currys as she seemed to look younger each year .
tr	NNS	I do accept credit cards , but two thirds of a toasted cheese sandwich would do just as nicely . "
tr	NN	" Why didn 't they just run south ? "
tr	NNS	Rachel informed their attackers of all the information she had just sent .
tr	NNS	He would bring different members of the Wolf Guard to visit her , until the entire guard had come to know and love her .
tr	NN	" Are we going to go get ice cream , Daddy ? "
tr	NNS	You had welts there last night when I found you in the bushes .
tr	NN	Steve loved the banter between mother and daughter and grinned again at the girl in the rear seat .
tr	NNS	Therefore he sent back the messengers with scornful words .
tr	NN	" And your father gave us the thrashing of both our lives for it .
tr	NNS	" Have those vultures been riding you about your dad again ? "
tr	NNS	" I have more creative methods of making you talk . "
tr	NN	And if somehow I have given cause for you to feel that payment was necessary , I humbly beg your forgiveness .
tr	NN	She sneaked a peek at him again while he looked away .
tr	NN	" We consider that a special ministry that we love to do .
tr	NNS	" He had no other patients at all ? "
tr	NNS	" Medical conditions ? "
tr	NNS	Jessamine set her cards down .
tr	NN	" Well , then , you must have miniaturization equipment on board .
tr	NN	When we arrive , I can see Dante 's security detail following us .
tr	NNS	If you don 't get into the car , I 'll start those methods immediately . "
tr	NN	The night brought a light breeze from the Gulf to cool her heated skin , but it was still too hot to sleep .
tr	NNS	" I have some errands to run . "
tr	NNS	They went up a few more floors and picked up a couple of passengers .
tr	NNS	We were making assumptions based on Joseph 's nose , which I had every confidence in .
tr	NNS	Over to the left , someone was grilling hot dogs .
tr	NNS	They are blaming local gangs .
tr	NN	A familiar gesture that says I don 't give a fuck about your dramas .
tr	NN	" Did the club offer a parallel version of Jones and Jones ? "
tr	NNS	' And I 'm so glad I didn 't lose you , ' he said fervently .
tr	NN	The last dodged my swing and swooped low , darting beneath the second blade like a jerky puppet .
tr	NNS	That man had some eerie powers when they were working properly .
tr	NN	You drive a hard bargain .
tr	NNS	The hot air that wafted up from below had the strong scents of roasted flesh and perforated bowels .
tr	NNS	" I have no knives !
tr	NN	He knows karate because of me ! "
tr	NNS	If it works , we get the benefits .
tr	NN	I didn 't like her attitude , so when I smiled it wasn 't because I was feeling friendly .
tr	NN	After I cut the top open , I find a CD and a note inside , written in Luca 's scrawling handwriting .
tr	NNS	Managing to sit up , I felt dizzy .
tr	NN	Because the computer industry is a free-market system : It rewards efficiency and vision with profits .
tr	NN	She knew this urge , knew exactly what it was ; she was running again .
tr	NNS	" I 've been wandering the halls for twenty minutes .
tr	NN	In fact , I already heard her apologize to you .
tr	NNS	Giving short-tempered flower arrangers the widest possible berth , Ben and Tom perused the shelves , stamped out their selections and then headed for the exit .
tr	NNS	Spawns two new , lesser queens .
tr	NNS	She scanned the shelves , glad for the distraction .
tr	NNS	' The result of your touch gives us our abilities : an echo of your own gift .
tr	NNS	He entered the carcass of a home through a space where a wall once stood .
tr	NNS	You want my babies to have a paternity test . "
tr	NN	She even owned real estate , such as the buildings in which , until recently , the portals had been .
tr	NNS	" How are your sanding skills ? "
tr	NN	" I had a video on , but I just turned it off .
tr	NNS	" Did you check the offices ? "
tr	NNS	A specifically built rescue plane would then snag the long reins of the parachute and retrieve the spy into the plane using an advanced winch system .
tr	NNS	He pulled four envelopes from the receptacle and thumbed through them .
tr	NNS	Brigitte hated awkward morning-after meetings , so she left without saying goodbye to the men .
tr	NNS	We have been using ID cards with digital chips first .
tr	NNS	The bruises are discolored blossoms of blue and yellow , torture to touch and slow to heal .
tr	NN	He had used his old nickname for me too , which showed he was worried for me rather than disapproving .
tr	NNS	He 'd been taking meetings with writers ever since , and it had been a more difficult process than he 'd anticipated .
tr	NNS	Their movements scattered a few birds but they were off in the distance and weren 't overly concerned about the giant yellow bird flying towards them .
tr	NNS	" Lavender , our hands have only about nine inches of movement , and so I need your help .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs , ready to drink from my exposed neck , forcing my head to the side to allow him better access .
tr	NN	" I have one favor to ask . "
tr	NNS	He took slow , measured breaths and stood up .
tr	NN	It takes joy in the hunt , and it is hunting us , stalking us . "
tr	NNS	She had the covers pulled up to her chin .
tr	NNS	" I 've picked up some skills over the past few months . "
tr	NNS	" Get the ties on his wrists , Pat , get the chair out of here and disable it .
tr	NN	Natalie checked the saddle but didn 't see anything missing .
tr	NNS	No one ever discovered any drugs in the hotel room .
tr	NNS	" You had six packs . "
tr	NNS	When I search my memory , Flattery thought , I find data separated against a background .
tr	NNS	They superseded all his other visions of battle and famine because these hurt him the most .
tr	NN	She felt the blood trickle slowly from her palm to her wrist .
tr	NNS	You don 't have powers .
tr	NN	He held the candy out to the gang of kids surrounding him , but no one accepted it .
tr	NNS	Jamie 's eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	NNS	Find tiny creases in the rock to stand in . "
tr	NN	She saw his cool blue eyes darken menacingly .
tr	NNS	You could see a few majestic houses towards the top of the mountain , tough survivors in a dangerous land .
tr	NN	He gave her hand a quick squeeze .
tr	NNS	He imagined points of blackness moving , swirling about his head .
tr	NNS	I 'd heard fabric ripping .
tr	NNS	" I hate surprises .
tr	NN	He grabbed a basket for himself and one for me .
tr	NN	He collected his briefcase and slammed his office door as he left .
tr	NNS	With an indistinct murmur , I brushed past Edmund into the work space at the back of the shop .
tr	NN	He banged his Game Boy against the wall in anger , but didn 't stop playing .
tr	NNS	When you sign , we 'll require another sixty thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	The walls were painted white and black stripes .
tr	NN	John held the curtain for me as I ducked into the Mamet , careful to keep from spilling my tonic water .
tr	NN	McCreary did not have the most ethical reputation these days and he was an elected official , which always put Sam off .
tr	NNS	I do not doubt your claims .
tr	NNS	He picked up the pages he had written and put them into a binder .
tr	NNS	For as long as she lived , she 'd never forget the coldness in his eyes , the finality in his voice .
tr	NNS	" We do have a few leads though .
tr	NN	Saw it coming , saw it happen , couldn 't save you , pal . "
tr	NNS	Ava washed the dishes while Matt went to change his clothes and clean off the grill .
tr	NNS	Several of them had their cameras out and they were putting their hands on Nicola to get her to pose for pictures with them .
tr	NN	If the pipe was as long as Rupert estimated , I could physically accomplish the deed .
tr	NN	She brought the lilac colored candle to her nose and breathed in deeply .
tr	NN	They were climbing a rocky ridge when they heard movement on the other side .
tr	NN	He pried the cap off the bottle , and held the water out to Terrance again .
tr	NNS	In our mid-teens we had shared top ten positions , but as my rank climbed higher , hers dropped .
tr	NN	He spun the drill like a six shooter .
tr	NN	Sir Henry slid his tumbler across his desk and instructed Horace to fill it up .
tr	NNS	You know , that creepy , pompous windbag catering this party ?
tr	NN	The frisson of it went down Susan 's spine like a phantom touch that set her on edge .
tr	NN	She 'd finished the weaving she 'd started on her small hand loom and had made a decorative mat for the kitchen table .
tr	NN	He heaved the duffel into the room , closed the door , and walked over to me .
tr	NNS	We blow their brains out to be sure .
tr	NN	" If you accept it , then you must also accept the destiny that comes with it .
tr	NNS	I have contacts in the police , too , so it made it easy for them not to follow up on your assault .
tr	NNS	I recognized more than a few folks and said hello to those I knew , since I was also a student at Ashland Community College .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to turn away , as she had done the previous morning , though his spiteful glare made her heart race .
tr	NN	" Fuck ... Listen , if it goes bad , get the fuck out ... Just run . "
tr	NNS	" Shouldn 't we be wearing helmets ? "
tr	NN	He carved another slice for himself .
tr	NN	Todd took a practice swing with the broadsword .
tr	NN	Do I even have a budget ?
tr	NN	" I 've , um ... been thinking about that too . "
tr	NN	Then , though I hate to admit it , the Old Wolf had a stroke of genius . '
tr	NNS	The chit had carried the efforts of many months .
tr	NN	But when he took the key out he noticed a single strand of hair stuck across the door and door frame .
tr	NN	Fred studied the tarp in the back through the rear window and confirmed Balfour hadn 't been jolted from his drug and pain induced sleep .
tr	NN	" Block my swing .
tr	NNS	Ted moved closer , Dreamer stepping backwards .
tr	NN	" We have a duty to slow the processes of government . "
tr	NN	I hear the small hitch in his breath .
tr	NNS	We 've been counting priests for some six hours now . "
tr	NNS	She is holding several needles in her mouth , fanned out between her lips , and she has to speak through them .
tr	NNS	Headmistress 'll have our hides if she sees such a thing . "
tr	NNS	Was she coloring his responses with what she hoped to see ?
tr	NNS	I 'll charge the batteries overnight , and we can go the rest of the way in the morning . "
tr	NNS	I practically pressed my eyeballs to the monitor .
tr	NN	He grabbed a pen and began to scribble on his notepad , a mouse mat between the layers to prevent any indentations left on the paper underneath .
tr	NNS	She pinched my ribs , and I grunted .
tr	NN	The citizens do not even respect their own Prince .
tr	NN	A chill ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	I lifted back the covers to invite him in .
tr	NN	After everyone ate , we sang " Happy Birthday " to Jake and had cake .
tr	NNS	She took several breaths as her thoughts kept jumping over one another in her head .
tr	NNS	I took a few classes . "
tr	NNS	I gave directions to Jules 's house .
tr	NNS	For the next few minutes the men made trips back and forth between the car and the house .
tr	NNS	A rusty chain-link fence separated the tracks from the neighborhood , not doing much to keep people out .
tr	NNS	The enemy had superior shields that could take a missile or two and laser cannon fire .
tr	NNS	She felt dizzy , and her throat burned , the pain peaking each time she swallowed .
tr	NN	He 'd taken my sanity and scorched me to the core , somehow branding his name into my every cell .
tr	NNS	They gathered their packs and removed any traces of their encampment scattering the ashes from the fire to the breaths of the four winds .
tr	NN	She began pacing furiously .
tr	NN	A burst of lightning illuminated the stairwell .
tr	NNS	During that time , Callum and Simone had made several attempts to contact Earth and had received no reply .
tr	NN	He had an amazing talent that he 'd been forced to keep locked up .
tr	NNS	Soaking up the familiar surroundings of the interior around them .
tr	NN	" Instructions my lord ? "
tr	NN	He was carrying a white flag .
tr	NNS	" Does George catch many birds ? "
tr	NN	Orson emptied the cylinder and reloaded one round .
tr	NNS	I paid fifteen dollars for this manicure . "
tr	NNS	If she were to go exploring , she 'd need proper provisions .
tr	NN	She punched her pillow and eased herself onto her back .
tr	NN	" But I have little patience for mysteries of the unsolvable variety .
tr	NNS	He used small stacks of books to anchor each of the four corners .
tr	NNS	You never disobeyed your tutors .
tr	NN	Each had an agenda of their own , whether a beggar on the street corner or the highest priest on the temple steps .
tr	NNS	A winding path took them past several strange fountains that looked like prehistoric animals spitting up .
tr	NNS	He had other priorities right now .
tr	NN	" If he hadn 't met Jimmy , I might 've had a mutiny on my hands . "
tr	NNS	" I 've had some suspicions for a while , and what happened last night made me more certain that I must act , and soon .
tr	NNS	" So they had artifacts from the old world but they discarded them ? "
tr	NN	Natalie swallowed back the racing vomit , and her paladin instincts kicked in , pushing the rest of her emotional responses to the side .
tr	NN	His nostrils flared , a growl reverberating deep in his chest .
tr	NNS	She didn 't need the cards to see that much .
tr	NNS	He 'd been keeping tabs on her subtly with the villagers .
tr	NN	" You really called off the vote ? "
tr	NN	I urged my mare forward slowly .
tr	NN	Even though he 'd betrayed her , she still had felt pity for the man .
tr	NNS	Make sure some of you feed balls to Joan . "
tr	NN	As always it had a calming effect on Reuben .
tr	NNS	Nathan couldn 't at first understand the families they found sitting around their dinner tables , all dead from eating or drinking poison together .
tr	NN	As we waited for our food , the waitress delivered a basket of rolls to the table .
tr	NN	" Take off your blouse , Antonietta .
tr	NNS	The sound of a lock clicking set the tiny hairs on the back of my neck on end , erasing all worries .
tr	NN	The four of us left the castle and found the horses .
tr	NNS	She retreated several paces away from Kane , and turned around in lustful gaze .
tr	NNS	Edna soon found the tracks of scouts who appeared to have traveled from the headlands where they were going .
tr	NNS	" Once you finish classes . "
tr	NN	She had never seen hail before .
tr	NN	How about using that treadmill in the workout room ?
tr	NN	He hooked a strand of hair behind my ear .
tr	NN	Jake crunched a chunk of blood-red bell pepper between his teeth .
tr	NN	She let out an indignant huff and crossed her arms against her chest .
tr	NN	How would she ever escape the dark skepticism in her own soul if these demonstrations continued ?
tr	NN	She banged her toe and her knee on something but didn 't stop , running full out as fast as her legs could carry her .
tr	NNS	Her furniture had big fat cabbage roses , and the arms were threadbare .
tr	NNS	" Princess Meredith , you only have twins , not triplets . "
tr	NN	' Will we have enough oxygen ? '
tr	NN	I could hear the playfulness behind his words , but I didn 't smile .
tr	NN	When they were done , he waved the pilot over .
tr	NN	He now had the respect and admiration of the men , even though they were quick to make fun .
tr	NN	He grabbed David 's fork and began to eat his second breakfast of the day .
tr	NN	And don 't use all my conditioner , dead girl . "
tr	NN	She entered the conservatory , drawn to it by the bright sunlight falling through the walls of windows .
tr	NN	We needed leverage back in the day , when we were nothing but target practice for werewolves and vamps .
tr	NN	And he plays football .
tr	NN	" We enjoy the physical universe .
tr	NN	Though I didn 't like the guy personally , if someone else was responsible for his death , he deserved justice .
tr	NN	She grabbed the sharp letter opener from the desk and plunged it into his chest , up and down and up and down .
tr	NNS	He 'd lived too many centuries for fear .
tr	NN	Iona glanced back down the row of empty cages .
tr	NN	First , Mayberry unwrapped the athletic tape on his left hand and used it to choke Joey .
tr	NN	Adrenaline rushing , Abraham swung the pistol and steadied his aim .
tr	NN	Oh my god . "
tr	NN	Paul thrusts a towel in my hands and tilts my head back .
tr	NN	' You 're still making an assumption ! '
tr	NNS	And if you sit around dwelling on it you 'll need more than a few cups of coffee to keep yourself sane .
tr	NNS	They then take the cups and mix them around .
tr	NNS	I heard a few muffled responses as I checked on the girls beneath me .
tr	NN	She appeared sixteen or seventeen .
tr	NN	He took a slice of pizza and grinned .
tr	NNS	No wonder everybody stares at me .
tr	NNS	You don 't have those powers . "
tr	NNS	" I can smell the happy hormones all over you . "
tr	NNS	" Alright , " she whispered breathless .
tr	NN	Hank gave a whoop and a holler and Leslie refrained from her impulse to throw her phone up in the air .
tr	NNS	Tingling ribbons of heat wove their way up her arm , wrapping tightly around her .
tr	NN	It must have cost us a fortune but Ems organised everything from top to bottom .
tr	NN	Yawning , I shot Gee an annoyed glare .
tr	NN	He closely studied The Owner .
tr	NNS	Coffs Harbour has three architectural firms and three landscape architects .
tr	NNS	He proudly viewed his victims in a heap .
tr	NN	Michael chose the latter option .
tr	NNS	He would arouse suspicions , which may be enough to get the police sniffing around . "
tr	NNS	I bit back a hiss of frustration .
tr	NN	I 've taken your advice and submitted resumes to some major magazines in New York .
tr	NNS	Tents surrounded the buildings by the thousands in innumerable sizes and configurations , but there were no trees .
tr	NN	Jake felt his shoulders slump again .
tr	NN	Amelie threw a withering glare in Rachel 's direction .
tr	NNS	" I accept the terms . "
tr	NNS	I guessed any expectations he had for me went down the drain .
tr	NNS	It hung three inches past my shoulders and was long enough to braid or pull up in a clip if I wanted .
tr	NN	With an effort , Gaius regained command of his temper and regarded the tiny female with a mocking smile .
tr	NNS	I gathered up all the balls , took my first hit , and scattered balls everywhere .
tr	NNS	Her body certainly wasn 't giving him any negative vibes .
tr	NNS	That evening I kept my fears to myself ; I had already expressed them earlier and was just waiting to have them confirmed .
tr	NNS	He showed his modifications to the boss .
tr	NN	It had the tang of earth and vegetation and throbbed with vitality .
tr	NNS	He patted the mattress .
tr	NN	Once in a while , when she didn 't think of engineering or physics , she 'd contemplate her personal philosophy .
tr	NNS	Not knowing where to look he avoided the cameras and focused on the back wall .
tr	NNS	He flashed his press credentials and pushed Marcella ahead of him before anyone could ask about her credentials or a ticket .
tr	NN	Ginette tried the knob , and when the door silently opened , she stuck her head inside .
tr	NN	He felt a repeat of the entire episode earlier where he shot the man in the parking lot .
tr	NN	It begins a slow spin , and drift away from the battle .
tr	NN	She gave his muscled biceps a playful squeeze , drawing her hand back before she succumbed to temptation and explored further .
tr	NN	" I have a buyer . "
tr	NN	Then he grabbed the cap with his teeth and twisted it off .
tr	NNS	You may NOT make changes without the author 's permission .
tr	NN	My mother and Tad have divided the closet down the middle .
tr	NN	He slapped the mat again .
tr	NNS	Aly wheezed , raked her fingernails down my back .
tr	NNS	As she took him deeper , she cupped his balls and tugged down , making him curse and grip her tighter .
tr	NNS	I put meals on the table , and I kept my family warm .
tr	NN	I walked the mile stretch to Beech , then caught a bus to Herring Street .
tr	NNS	I take self-defense classes .
tr	NN	I could see the gleam on the crests of the waves below and grasped the height of the cliff as it dropped beneath me .
tr	NN	" I want a bath . "
tr	NN	The mother of three and wife to a soldier , she loves chocolate , coffee , and of course good books .
tr	NN	They also destroyed our lab and took the samples of blood she had been working on to find an alternative vaccine . '
tr	NNS	" To kick the drugs . "
tr	NN	The blunt tip wouldn 't kill the bird , but it would think twice before coming around this way again .
tr	NNS	" They never breed females in the Northlands . "
tr	NN	" Any advice ? "
tr	NNS	Smith pulled night-vision goggles from inside his windbreaker .
tr	NN	" You do suck a lot more than I thought you would . "
tr	NN	She 'd bought the outfit just yesterday after Wren had told her how much he loved seeing her legs .
tr	NNS	He found your sisters , so I told him to stay close .
tr	NNS	A little food and sleep had worked wonders , especially since I knew I could cross the river , and there was nothing much to fear anymore .
tr	NNS	I half expected singing birds and animated mice to come scurrying out of her room , pleased by their work for the night .
tr	NN	" Pardon me asking , m ' lord , but are you feeling all right ?
tr	NN	He then flipped the quarter and Mo called out " heads ! "
tr	NNS	You 've saved me millions , perhaps billions , and my studio .
tr	NNS	I grab some napkins off the counter when I look at Nick and Gavin .
tr	NNS	Gator could definitely melt hearts with that grin .
tr	NN	It worked wel until we took a break and Aiden asked how I was doing .
tr	NNS	I grow fruits and flowers .
tr	NN	The telltale swish of heavy silk skirts announced a new participant in their conversation .
tr	NN	See those fisherman ? "
tr	NNS	They both , however , flicked open knives faster than a hummingbird 's wing .
tr	NN	He rubbed her big belly , trying to get his baby to move .
tr	NNS	The room had several other members munching on salad , chicken , or pizza .
tr	NN	I heard the front door slam .
tr	NNS	" I like your whiskers . "
tr	NNS	She pushed herself into a sitting position , the covers sliding away to expose bare skin .
tr	NNS	They liked their free accommodations well enough not to jeopardize them .
tr	NN	He flared tin , clamping his eyes shut .
tr	NNS	No , the guards didn 't deserve knives .
tr	NNS	" He has enough funds to secure transportation , yes ? "
tr	NNS	" We 've lost the ships of the first sages . "
tr	NN	( God Mrs Donavan did like to write a lot ) , I placed my pen down only to hear the buzzer .
tr	NNS	Then she cast the hairs at Hailey 's face .
tr	NN	She parried an imaginary opponent with the dagger and sliced with the sword .
tr	NN	" I kept your mother 's legacy safe for you . "
tr	NNS	She bypassed my stilted politeness with a smile that took my breath away .
tr	NN	I loved Cuppa Joe 's hot chocolate .
tr	NN	Clancy felt a chill ripple through his tired frame .
tr	NN	You deserve some punishment for making fun of my efforts to appear all-knowing . "
tr	NN	Samuel adjusted his eye patch and strode back through the throng of men .
tr	NNS	She saw the scratches on her arms and legs and was about to inquire , when Angelina spoke .
tr	NNS	The wall of trolleys surrounded the wizards .
tr	NNS	I shake his hands encouragingly .
tr	NNS	After the blood she 'd seen in Sebastian 's backseat , the thought of food made Jane nauseous .
tr	NNS	" If you guys end up married , you owe me a hundred bucks . "
tr	NN	Jeff knocked the pistol from his hand and made a deep slice in the man 's neck .
tr	NN	Celestino picked up a dead fish .
tr	NN	I 'm taking another bath . "
tr	NN	They can 't escape justice forever . '
tr	NNS	What would he tell the sisters at the convent ?
tr	NNS	The man she 'd followed approached the twins slowly , with purpose .
tr	NNS	" Excuse me , gentlemen .
tr	NN	It 's having the effect of a glowing , talking cellphone raised before a mob of primitives .
tr	NNS	Kennedy was pouring beers and tea and water with lemon , and all the food was ready on time .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to roll my eyes .
tr	NNS	Now John heard some clinging noises like that of metal parts hitting against each other .
tr	NN	Although his only child died before him , Richard named his nephew , John de la Pole , earl of Lincoln , as his heir .
tr	NN	She deserved a courtship , deserved to know him , to come to feel affection if not love for him before he bound her to him .
tr	NNS	" I like surprises . "
tr	NNS	He pulled out two cans of soda , cracking one open and handing it to me .
tr	NN	" You - yer a witch ! "
tr	NNS	Aidan , with a sword in each claw , impaled two enemy dragons running toward them .
tr	NNS	Thrash some lawn ornaments ? "
tr	NN	Once per day a Death Knight can shoot a dark beam bolt which deals 1d6 damage automatically to any character .
tr	NNS	He staggered back a few paces , before the man leapt up to him and struck the side of his head again .
tr	NNS	With your awakening and arrival we have increased our numbers by one .
tr	NNS	His father could wear both coats , and the things he would do in each were different .
tr	NN	This will include a reasonable quantity of alcohol , which must be consumed carefully , so we do not make mistakes .
tr	NN	I give you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul and my body . "
tr	NN	He 's demolished the hay in his hands ; it 's just dust .
tr	NN	Those flowers must have cost a fortune .
tr	NN	She sipped the bubbly and sighed with pleasure .
tr	NN	I return his glare .
tr	NNS	No small feat considering his predecessor , Bruce Waters , had himself touted obscene numbers .
tr	NNS	We heard the hiss of the entrance door opening again .
tr	NNS	They have simple desires .
tr	NNS	A gale shrieked through the room , curtains billowing , ornaments smashing to the floor .
tr	NN	The nights at the overpass , the late-night talks , losing my virginity ... It was all part of the plan .
tr	NNS	Elsewhere desks and tables held more stacked volumes , along with magazines and scattered papers .
tr	NNS	" We don 't usually send detectives for that . "
tr	NN	" He rigged the abbey and the mountain ? "
tr	NNS	Her father held up her scores , now slightly stained with red wine .
tr	NNS	No one expected these poor excuses for canteens to last very long without leaking , but it was the best idea anyone could come up with .
tr	NNS	Play your cards right and you might get lucky . "
tr	NNS	Yes , Justin 's choices had set the wheels in motion for everything , including my meeting King .
tr	NN	And said a prayer of thanks .
tr	NN	I didn 't know what language , and so I couldn 't understand a word of it .
tr	NN	I turn the butterfly over and over in my fingers , searching for an explanation , but there 's none to be had .
tr	NN	" You could give him your fee , but yes , okay .
tr	NNS	What makes people drop bits of information , as though leaking them from a bucket , for others to pick up willy-nilly ?
tr	NNS	People whacked crabs with little silver hammers , sucked the meat from the shells , and made monumental messes .
tr	NNS	She pulls a face and he grins .
tr	NN	The dragon took possession of her body all night .
tr	NNS	He held out the roses .
tr	NN	They must give my friends an equilibrium for their much stronger and muscular bodies .
tr	NNS	She had made the proper arrangements at work , but her fear of getting busted gravitated her to the seat .
tr	NN	They left off the ' e ' in plague .
tr	NN	I could feel electricity running up and down , through my veins .
tr	NNS	Everyone brought their pin cameras .
tr	NN	The officer ignored his plea for a free pass .
tr	NN	Drake had one squad of trusted knights who 'd accompanied him on this expedition outside of his own Kingdom .
tr	NNS	" Do we have any legal obligations to tell Washington about this ?
tr	NNS	He was overwhelming her senses .
tr	NNS	He missed the warm waters of Cabo San Lucas .
tr	NNS	We divided up Drew 's burdens and trudged on through the field , which had begun to fill with cheapskates such as ourselves .
tr	NNS	Mandy signed the forms , and they signed as witnesses .
tr	NNS	And the familiarity of it tickled her senses .
tr	NNS	She cooked peanuts into his baked beans and cut his throat for good measure . "
tr	NN	You had a nervous breakdown and you 're still recovering . "
tr	NN	Mitch treasured the solitude of the early hours .
tr	NNS	However inform both those members of Pierce 's wish to leave .
tr	NNS	" If you made this up , you 've got some balls , James Borden .
tr	NNS	Ember levitated a few inches above the ground .
tr	NNS	How I 'd frightened the other students .
tr	NNS	" Black Beard , the famous pirate , took our little sisters and is going to sell them .
tr	NN	I had a customer !
tr	NN	Their 1992 report found Dr. Gallo guilty of scientific misconduct -- the harshest possible verdict , and a death sentence in career terms . "
tr	NN	" Give us proof of the crimes , Uncle . "
tr	NNS	I will withhold no evil deeds from your power .
tr	NNS	She heard the noises .
tr	NNS	I can feel sharp needles of pain coming off you . "
tr	NN	But I have a reputation to maintain .
tr	NNS	" We don 't know what your abilities yet but you are strong Viki .
tr	NN	Then he drew a thought bubble : " I can 't stay back here all day .
tr	NN	" Grayson , Mark didn 't mean any harm .
tr	NNS	She 's always had emotional issues . "
tr	NN	Enjoy the ale . "
tr	NN	The earl has slipped the trap and escaped .
tr	NN	' It seems to me , ' said the old witch , ' that I might just 've been a shade on the sharp side there .
tr	NN	" Which state has a cowboy on its license plate ? "
tr	NN	Except she had always had the safety net of calling Elliot .
tr	NN	' Does your father no longer have any respect for the power I wield within my own Kingdom , Henry ? '
tr	NNS	And by doing what we ask , you 'll save yourselves by getting the very cure so many people desperately want . "
tr	NNS	It might mean fewer raids on the Asian coast , or that of Egypt to the south .
tr	NNS	She shared ties with Jonas that had nothing to do with their psychic connection .
tr	NN	Glancing over , he saw an email from JPL .
tr	NNS	He 'd turned the covers back and had a mountain of pillows propped up for her .
tr	NNS	She planted her palms against his chest and tried in vain to push him back a step .
tr	NN	Then again not many men could hold a candle to Dylan .
tr	NNS	" Making your own T-shirts ?
tr	NNS	He didn 't have any issues , didn 't have any reasons not to make a play for Lori and hope that she played , too .
tr	NN	Her cheek had a reddened patch of abraded flesh sharing space with a steadily darkening bruise , where Tavi had first slammed her into the wall .
tr	NNS	Cheyenne rolled several hospital gowns into a ball .
tr	NN	A delicious shiver ran up my spine .
tr	NNS	" I always get my assignments done . "
tr	NNS	He pushed my thighs apart and thrust in with a force that contradicted his earlier shyness .
tr	NNS	" Do you always ignore your instincts ? "
tr	NN	" And from those points you make the assumption that he would leave traces for us to find here ? "
tr	NNS	Blake didn 't know much about teens , and he was certain his experience of losing a parent was probably different from Rusty 's .
tr	NN	Reaching down , I rubbed the light , gauzy material of my dress with my fingers .
tr	NNS	The dead don 't have hearts that beat . "
tr	NN	A chill of fear slithered down my spine .
tr	NNS	Visiting clubs and going to balls until all hours of the night .
tr	NNS	I grabbed our cups from the table and took them to the kitchen .
tr	NNS	He 's good , Agnes thought impressively .
tr	NNS	What the heck , we 've all got issues .
tr	NNS	He dumped a few dollars in the slot machines and after having no good luck , he wandered to an empty blackjack table .
tr	NN	I had been given a reprieve from my fate at the moment .
tr	NNS	They could already hear birds squawking and when within a few metres , a flurry of activity heralded the retreat of several Red Kites .
tr	NNS	" How many patients do you have ? "
tr	NN	Maggie cut her pear into small bite-sized chunks .
tr	NNS	Give them business cards ? "
tr	NNS	Gretchen knew my difficulties with men better than anyone in recent history .
tr	NN	I pull my baseball cap down lower .
tr	NN	She read the meaning in his glance , and again she looked away .
tr	NNS	" He was keeping his cards pretty close to his chest . "
tr	NN	" Hey , Sam , can you hand me the wrench ?
tr	NNS	" Just females here ? "
tr	NNS	Yeah , we had our crazies , too .
tr	NN	We could grab a burger and talk some more .
tr	NN	' Chelsea , why don 't you run and get yourself a slice of cake in the kitchen , dear ? '
tr	NNS	Frey and I harbored doubts about Lord Peake 's pretender since the beginning .
tr	NNS	Samara could see workers running around to the sides of the truck and secure chains and cables to various connecting points along the side of the trailer .
tr	NN	She stifled a snort when the couple next to them scowled .
tr	NN	" Remember the airport ?
tr	NN	We each speak our contact info and she records it and stuffs the device back into her pocket .
tr	NNS	Without her , we wouldn 't have half the data on Whitney that we have .
tr	NN	Nick took his notepad and a pen from his pocket and placed it on the table , then slid it toward JD .
tr	NN	" I 've got a basket of laundry that needs washing . "
tr	NNS	" I have no fangs . "
tr	NN	But after a moment , Hanna heard the gentle clunk of her bedroom door closing .
tr	NNS	You saw the changes in him .
tr	NN	I felt a lump in my throat , but not because of what she 'd said .
tr	NNS	Sarah was wearing her black dress slacks , black pumps and form fitting white shirt .
tr	NN	She was holding the naked babe in her arms .
tr	NN	We showed a 90 percent success rate because I didn 't take a case unless I knew we could handle it .
tr	NNS	" Our unique blood resists mortal diseases .
tr	NN	I made ... an assumption . "
tr	NNS	Sometimes he invites members to stay with him .
tr	NNS	He could lose two pints and not even feel it , which came in handy . "
tr	NN	Even so , the flock needed protection .
tr	NN	" The police are investigating her disappearance .
tr	NNS	She marched herself to the closet and pulled out one of the brand new gowns Raoul had purchased for her .
tr	NNS	See those gargoyles ? "
tr	NN	Her cool fingers slid up his spine , her clipped short nails digging into his back .
tr	NN	" You understand the task ahead ? "
tr	NN	" What the devil do you want ? "
tr	NN	She heard an animal growling , or maybe it was her .
tr	NNS	Those jeans cost what , fifty dollars ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll need more data and closer observation to speed it along . "
tr	NN	Justin had set up the video in the office .
tr	NNS	" I have some errands to run .
tr	NN	He claims his rightful leadership , because those who oppose him have run away !
tr	NN	The spider continued descending , its jaws widening , a pair of long fangs dripped venom .
tr	NN	Besides , right now it has the intelligence of an aged cheese .
tr	NN	" No one knows football better than you do . "
tr	NN	Drew rubbed a cloth over her sweating brow , then the next contraction hit with the force of a tornado .
tr	NN	The vampire has set another trap for you .
tr	NN	That kiss would come unbidden when I least expected it .
tr	NNS	I want four teams , and I want you to bring back four humans in your nets .
tr	NN	" Diego , don 't you dare , " Cassidy said , fury in her voice .
tr	NN	He picked up a faint arousal in her aura and he just couldn 't wait any longer .
tr	NN	I spit the vomit on the ground and bit my inferior lip hard enough to feel my canines pierce it .
tr	NN	" Oh , you play football ?
tr	NN	" The artisans who create them commit ritual suicide after completing one , for their eyes will no longer bear the task . "
tr	NNS	Even with the night vision , it enhanced your other senses .
tr	NN	Demanded an angry Haddington not bothering to look back .
tr	NNS	They quietly admired the heavens for a few more minutes .
tr	NN	I might need your advice , but for now , stay with those boys .
tr	NNS	Their children now had families of their own .
tr	NN	She gripped the dash with both hands as Colby sent the responsive car plunging into another curve .
tr	NN	He 's always had that extraterrestrial godlike quality about him .
tr	NNS	Despite the great distance , a shocking amount of the projectiles found targets .
tr	NN	He pulled a pen from his pocket .
tr	NN	She coughed a ridiculing huff .
tr	NNS	" We 're reading four hundred sixty signals .
tr	NN	You sound a little panicked . "
tr	NNS	She shuffled forward a few more inches and then didn 't have any further slack on her end .
tr	NNS	Therefore , we are holding our defensive positions in Yan 's planetary space and maintaining our alert status until further notice .
tr	NNS	" Does Byron have visiting professors in town or something ? "
tr	NN	She did not fear punishment , nor did she fear pain .
tr	NN	" I lost my virginity to him today . "
tr	NNS	" I have sandwiches .
tr	NN	Why bring your hobby into the jungle only to hide it away ?
tr	NNS	Plus roasted vegetables because , you know , health .
tr	NNS	We have intercepted several drug shipments , but nothing that ties the shipments to Mario and Romano .
tr	NN	We 'll do more harm than good . "
tr	NNS	They contain , at their core , the exact same ingredients of cheese , sauce , bread and , if you so desire , meat .
tr	NNS	The sight of the woman now caressing the slave 's thighs and groin , her lips surrounding his erection , sent shock waves through his body .
tr	NN	Immediately the women stopped bickering .
tr	NN	" Don 't want the Council gunning for my head . "
tr	NNS	Once again , I didn 't answer , just watched his movements carefully .
tr	NN	The anxiety welling up inside of me with nearly unbearable , I suppressed the familiar urge to scream and run .
tr	NNS	He scouted out areas where men would likely camp and enter the city .
tr	NNS	The water had spent centuries absorbing the filth of mankind and had grown accustomed to swallowing up our many failings .
tr	NN	Then Sasha remembered the rock-climbing equipment .
tr	NN	She 'd given him release , yet he had not done the same for her .
tr	NN	And then I left it there , a small sentry among the nutcrackers .
tr	NNS	She read his texts again .
tr	NN	Mel lets out a huff of air as Sean steps between us .
tr	NNS	" You know any hotels ? "
tr	NNS	I could see the breaths of my team and opponents swirl in the chill night air .
tr	NNS	' They don 't give a monkeys what he gets up to .
tr	NNS	Standing in the middle of the pantry , she took several deep , calming breaths , and then frowned .
tr	NN	Gus would file a sexual harassment claim in a heartbeat . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll give you twenty bucks , but I think I 'm going home to bed .
tr	NN	A little girl wearing shorts , a pink tee shirt and a Myrtle Beach Pelicans ball cap sat digging with a plastic shovel .
tr	NNS	I have references , and my resume .
tr	NNS	" Have you learned your body 's signals for changing ? "
tr	NN	When the carving was completed , Luke inserted a small tea candle and lit it , then carried the pumpkin out to the porch .
tr	NN	He covered the mouthpiece .
tr	NNS	Again , I pictured her in her kitchen , but this time with a tender hand resting on her belly .
tr	NN	If she stuck around , she 'd have killed the whole bouquet , not just the rose . "
tr	NN	He picks up a magazine off the table and sits on the couch .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you get it , Scores ?
tr	NN	" What the fuck 's up ? "
tr	NN	* It was crisp that morning with the type of blue sky that heralds a really cold snap .
tr	NNS	chapter twenty-six Aimee 's expression changes from surprise to concern .
tr	NNS	Grubbs starts to , then snarls and hurls himself at it instead .
tr	NNS	They ate fish sandwiches for dinner and then cleaned up the kitchen together .
tr	NNS	Ben checked his mirrors again .
tr	NN	" What rational person would attempt the opposite version of it ? "
tr	NN	" Lord Lodge kept a file on all of the Hunt members .
tr	NN	" You have such faith , my Astrid .
tr	NN	First they set up a recumbent bicycle .
tr	NNS	She picked various targets for me , and I hit them all effortlessly .
tr	NNS	No , we must manage the Dark Sisters on our own .
tr	NN	Alicia loved the toy immediately , squeezing it excitedly to her body and thanking her father for the gift .
tr	NNS	After a minute or so , the sound waves brought back my senses .
tr	NN	She turned the knob carefully , opened the door and let the hallway light fall into the room in a narrow , golden slice .
tr	NN	Thank goodness this was late September and not August , when the heat would have had all of them dripping with sweat .
tr	NNS	They exchange frenetic bursts of gunfire with the masked men who seem to be swarming out of the buildings to my right like ants .
tr	NNS	He enjoyed the discoveries of God 's comforting Word at times of need , and he believed the Lord guided his hands and eyes at such times .
tr	NN	I don 't give a fuck . "
tr	NN	' Before we go , I 've a confession to make . '
tr	NNS	When she finally did , she fell a few inches , her rear slamming hard into the thick root of a tree .
tr	NNS	" Well look e here ! "
tr	NN	Chapter 15 - Full Bloom Monday morning brought the first new duty Laura would experience as heir apparent to Alice Hamilton .
tr	NNS	So the mad doc was giving them all numbers now .
tr	NNS	I have figures here on the amounts being spent employing tough men , recruited from the employment centres .
tr	NNS	He judged his chances of escape but well knew that Fennel 's old truck wouldn 't get him far or fast .
tr	NN	Sandra was feigning prayer , and trying to get people to notice how pious she was being .
tr	NNS	I was studying the monthly tax reports and the disbursements that Kyler had made .
tr	NNS	He pushed the covers down again , baring his upper body , but stopped at his waist .
tr	NNS	I don 't have natural visions .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths , straining to keep her mouth above water in the small space between the water and the ceiling .
tr	NN	I couldn 't resist the urge to seek her out .
tr	NNS	His big hands spanned my ribs and he yanked me back hard even with my violent jerks .
tr	NNS	* I meant hourglass supplies .
tr	NNS	" Have the deliveries gone as planned ? "
tr	NN	Reese gently rubbed the soap along the girl 's finger and carefully removed the ring .
tr	NN	If we place them in the water , we pollute our own drinking supply .
tr	NNS	He lifted the covers in invitation .
tr	NN	He had a good , firm handshake .
tr	NNS	Every word carries unspoken assumptions buried in the history of the language and the conditioning experiences of the speakers .
tr	NNS	I 've already made arrangements with Montrose .
tr	NN	A chill shot up his spine and he edged back a step , shaking his head .
tr	NNS	" By the label , anabolic steroids . "
tr	NNS	" Seriously , dude , I 've seen suicide victims looking less depressed than you . "
tr	NN	The newcomers to the table had been given a rack of twelve test tubes each .
tr	NNS	We 've received reports from credible sources that Timothy Hutchins is trapped on that rooftop over there . "
tr	NNS	He was making little nodding motions .
tr	NNS	The fragrance invaded my senses .
tr	NNS	Canute clenched his jaws and stood up .
tr	NN	Her facial expressions were like a wardrobe , she had a range of looks for every occasion .
tr	NNS	How do I release the fangs ? "
tr	NN	" You drinking soda ? "
tr	NNS	He appreciated the changes in male garb over the years , but it was the current fashion for females which he truly relished .
tr	NN	He 'd tied my ribbon to the hilt like I liked .
tr	NNS	Did you pass all your classes ?
tr	NNS	Angie had taken their jokes in stride as she reminded Susan that she wasn 't that far behind her .
tr	NNS	Ray 's spreadsheet contained file numbers of A. V. Designs technical documents next to dollar amounts and dates .
tr	NN	The Marshal thrust his flag into the ground and ducked inside , where his uncle waited under the glass hood .
tr	NN	" What illusions are you talking about ? "
tr	NNS	We were transporting salt slabs on camelback when our party was raided by a rival tribe . "
tr	NN	For another , I 'd missed curfew by a mile and never bothered to call and explain why .
tr	NNS	' I hope Justus and his crew are all right . '
tr	NNS	Clay wiped crumbs from his fingers and hooked his thumbs into his belt loops .
tr	NNS	Clarence Hill , the EOC manager , reviewed her data , and denied her request .
tr	NNS	" Your dog has issues . "
tr	NNS	I threw off my covers and ran to open it .
tr	NN	When the farmer spat again , he nearly hit the frame of the window .
tr	NNS	Bryn had a good six inches on Kallie , but Kallie had a way of intimidation like I 'd never seen before .
tr	NN	I can explain later , but right now , I need privacy . "
tr	NN	As requested , Mariah helped Amelia freshen up , and change her dress .
tr	NN	She yanked out another bolt , wishing that she could have assigned this job to Tarek , but she couldn 't , not during the day .
tr	NN	That 'll teach ya ' some respect . "
tr	NNS	Brendan gave David the directions back to his cottage , but the cottage was not where David was going .
tr	NN	Every inch brought a new sensation .
tr	NNS	" No , you build armies and destroy nations . "
tr	NN	She can feel her stomach gurgling in hunger .
tr	NN	They smelled the harsh burning plastic .
tr	NNS	Give back these coins , Kraut . "
tr	NNS	His demeanor emanated great grief .
tr	NNS	" You have no connections , do you ? "
tr	NNS	I imagine all sorts of things .
tr	NN	I read the e-mail again , this time inserting the words between the printed lines .
tr	NNS	" Just the two giants who are always around her .
tr	NNS	On silent feet , she skirted past stacks of crates toward the back .
tr	NN	" The meeting you 've requested , " she snapped , her glare every bit as hard as his .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness he didn 't .
tr	NNS	Alice pulled out the compass that looked like a normal compass that always pointed north .
tr	NNS	He had several bee stings .
tr	NN	" I , uh ... " " Always such eloquent speech , America . "
tr	NN	Hold your palm open and feed her a little hay . "
tr	NNS	" I don 't have a boyfriend , so how could I have boyfriend troubles ? "
tr	NNS	Maybe they 'd had their suspicions , but no one had expected him to confess .
tr	NN	His soothing commands and assurances defused her havoc , insisted that accidents happened .
tr	NN	Second , we never told my uncle where we 're going , and they 'll be searching high and low for us and get themselves caught .
tr	NNS	Will you delude yourselves with the idea that all men are really equal ?
tr	NNS	Crossing the room she shut the blinds and lowered the lights .
tr	NN	The waiter handed them the dessert menu .
tr	NNS	It had been because every time he got into the water , he 'd see little Sakura again , see her drowning and begging for his help .
tr	NN	" I 'm simply giving you the option .
tr	NNS	" Because we have the hots for each other ?
tr	NNS	Just tour the islands for the rest of your life .
tr	NNS	He opened his senses and invited her inside , letting her feel what he felt , hear what he was thinking as she aroused him .
tr	NN	She now had a philosophical attitude towards her predicament , as if looking at herself as an objective observer , outside herself .
tr	NN	I pinched the cherry off my cigarette and stepped on it .
tr	NN	She didn 't know the code to get down there , and they never let her down there alone .
tr	NN	Dad and I had gotten ice cream at his favorite ice cream shop and were sitting in Dolores Park , watching jubilant dogs chase Frisbees .
tr	NN	The two women checked their equipment in silence .
tr	NNS	The parlor would definitely solve their issues on money .
tr	NNS	He 's not marching his armies up to the gates .
tr	NNS	" This firm has two million bucks ? "
tr	NNS	These girls ate more damn raw vegetables than a family of rabbits .
tr	NN	I need a Monster burger . "
tr	NN	Oh God , Chad , you haven 't killed anybody yet have you ? "
tr	NNS	It doesn 't have security cameras . "
tr	NN	Give the enemy troops cancer ?
tr	NN	' ' We have been observing their behaviour for a few weeks now . "
tr	NN	She turned her glare on him , and he gave a tiny , warning shake of his head .
tr	NN	" We don 't need a demonstration of how it should be done , crewman . "
tr	NN	I touched the soft suede material , running my fingers over it .
tr	NNS	I 've helped tens of millions of spirits pass through here over the last ten thousand years . "
tr	NNS	The breeze blew currents of air which moved over the grass like waves .
tr	NNS	He redoubled his efforts .
tr	NN	But more than that , he has a responsibility to this country .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , he himself had some doubts as well .
tr	NNS	He put necessary inches between them .
tr	NNS	A dead man can 't do the things your song claims . "
tr	NN	We owe you a debt , and it shall never be forgotten . "
tr	NN	He 'd never had any urge to tie up anyone before .
tr	NNS	He touches his cat whiskers on my cheekbone making me both thrill and chill .
tr	NNS	" Call some other numbers out of town .
tr	NNS	Where do I get explosives to break through the doors ? "
tr	NNS	Today he was muddying the waters , and she didn 't know what to make of it .
tr	NN	They laid out the framework for the eventual Rollins face turn .
tr	NN	She , in turn , removed his uniform and then laid in his arms .
tr	NNS	Doug made a few marks on the paper menu and handed it to him .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods . "
tr	NNS	The blacksmith had hammered out the dents in his armour , where he now wore the girl 's kerchief as a favour .
tr	NNS	She used formal politeness as a facade behind which she could hide while she analyzed the man .
tr	NNS	She delivered babies and treated all sorts of things , mostly with plants and herbs .
tr	NN	To have far too much responsibility for someone so young .
tr	NNS	She pushed her blades up and apart , throwing Byron 's blade out to the side and following through with a thrust of her dagger .
tr	NN	She pulled out another wad of paper tissues and blew her nose with an extreme honk .
tr	NN	He swung the energy rifle off his shoulder , disregarding the twinge there .
tr	NNS	That girl gave more mixed signals than the government .
tr	NN	He caught an escaped curl and tucked it back into the knot she 'd made at her nape , then lifted her chin with a knuckle .
tr	NN	He wet a paper towel with warm water and brought it back to the kitchen table .
tr	NNS	" Aren 't you first going to show me the basics ? "
tr	NNS	I felt my hind pockets on the ragged trousers and was amazed that my wallet was there .
tr	NNS	" You need some refreshments perhaps ?
tr	NNS	A hot dog vendor cooked hot dogs on demand .
tr	NNS	I checked my new breakers and sure enough , all three had tripped .
tr	NNS	He can tell the lies from the truth , and what he just heard is not a lie .
tr	NNS	She resumed her attempts to breathe deeply and calm herself .
tr	NNS	I wipe my sweaty palms on the front of my jeans .
tr	NN	Susan got a brief impression of a face against the fiery atmosphere of the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Over the ages , they slowly built ties with rogue organisations .
tr	NN	I ran a block up and found one parked in a favorite speed trap .
tr	NNS	He set the cans of salmon on the counter .
tr	NNS	They both wore wide grins .
tr	NNS	Beyond them I have fewer than twenty reliable allies .
tr	NNS	" Tell us no more fanciful tales , that this child has been taken to Paris . "
tr	NNS	Nor the wolves or jackals . "
tr	NN	Zane shook his head imperceptibly , feeling suddenly uncomfortable about being there .
tr	NNS	If that is successful , we can have samples prepared for the day after tomorrow .
tr	NNS	> he asked the Crows .
tr	NN	She opened the trapdoor and grabbed the canvas bag .
tr	NNS	" Neither did those garlic necklaces , bless Romulus ' cold heart ! "
tr	NN	He wanted justice for my mother .
tr	NNS	His slurred speech and the way his eyes lingered on me gave me the creeps .
tr	NNS	I need my wits about me , or I 'm liable to do something stupid .
tr	NN	That shout broke the trance , dissolving the ocean into fire .
tr	NN	Thank goodness he wasn 't singing Mallory 's song .
tr	NN	She opened up an Internet browser as she completed her order with the pizza company and began looking up information on Fort Baskerville .
tr	NN	She made a careless gesture with her hand .
tr	NN	Each time she gripped onto his beauty , she once again caught a glimpse of the horror beneath it .
tr	NN	" Well , they look freakin ' awesome .
tr	NN	" We didn 't use protection . "
tr	NNS	Inside I saw waiters and waitresses attending tables of guests , the events playing out in muted silence from my perspective .
tr	NN	I 've attempted a battery of social and physical tests , and it 's not that they can 't do them .
tr	NN	You all could have the same leverage if you could learn how it works .
tr	NNS	She pushed his briefs down , and hot sparks shot straight to her core , turning her molten as she looked at him for the first time .
tr	NNS	Darling cycled his senses through their various wavelengths , but the box revealed only the most legal of emanations : nothing so crude as a jamming signal .
tr	NNS	She was winning hearts and minds everywhere .
tr	NNS	Elias had interests in every region of the globe .
tr	NNS	If that does not kill ya , I 've got two more magazines in my purse . "
tr	NN	The other gods may demand such respect , however I do not .
tr	NNS	Brittany provided the cups and I poured from a jug of water .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	She pulled the goggles from her bag , buffed the lenses a bit , and pretended to drift to sleep once more .
tr	NN	Her own life held little meaning .
tr	NNS	So gather your bits Spencer , you and I must meet him at the station . "
tr	NN	She could hear Isabelle 's worried intake of breath , and Raphael of course did not breathe at all .
tr	NN	She started pacing while ticking things off on her fingers .
tr	NN	He released the suction on her breast with an audible little pop .
tr	NNS	Everyday casters could touch the four pillars , Earth , Fire , Air , and Water .
tr	NNS	James pushed the boxers down his thighs revealing his large arousal .
tr	NN	He followed the stop-and-go traffic to the ferry terminal , cursing at every red light , checking his watch .
tr	NNS	Lying there , she took slow , deep breaths .
tr	NNS	" Mr Shine , some of my officers have lit candles around that damn symbol !
tr	NN	Arms tucked in tight , Tanner thundered down the belly of the plane toward the open ramp .
tr	NN	She could hear the echo of sadness in his voice .
tr	NN	But she had the talent , and if she wanted to lay herself open to judgment like that , okay .
tr	NNS	The GPS and the radar alone will enhance your chances of an uneventful journey .
tr	NN	They played football regularly and he had not played in about five years , and even then he had little skill to display .
tr	NN	The sky stretches pale but bright ahead , heat waves shimmering off the pavement in the distance .
tr	NNS	She produced two identification cards and handed them to us .
tr	NN	" You must have used a painting .
tr	NN	I 'd studied the psychology of sexuality .
tr	NN	She couldn 't make the speech .
tr	NNS	He gave a hiss of exasperation .
tr	NNS	It had statues of heads with shoulders , and they had no bodies .
tr	NNS	Women have been having babies since the beginning of time .
tr	NN	Chapter 23 Decisions Present Day " Amy , " Charlotte yelled from the bedroom , " can I borrow your shampoo ?
tr	NNS	" Get out smartass ! "
tr	NN	Nyx took pity on him , allowing him to create a mate , and taught him the secret power of his immortal blood .
tr	NN	Isaac kept his face impassive , but he felt cold sweat slide down his spine .
tr	NN	She couldn 't feel the bench beneath her .
tr	NNS	Several consorts loop their necklaces over Michel 's neck , making his grin as wide as his face .
tr	NNS	He feared their butchering blades , the tools of their trade , and so he feared what the corpse beneath the blanket would appear like .
tr	NNS	' Well then , we 'll put the new pricing measures in place .
tr	NNS	He needed more provisions .
tr	NNS	" I can 't take any chances . "
tr	NNS	" Where do you guys buy your suits ? "
tr	NNS	Leora is leaning against Lennox , wobbling , then drops to her knees .
tr	NNS	My eyes sought out the twin hearts on Dare 's chest .
tr	NN	I drape my towel over the back of the chair and sit down under a massive umbrella .
tr	NNS	Have you earned enough stripes to be a General ? "
tr	NNS	You must have some preliminary notions on how to proceed . "
tr	NNS	" What color would you like your toenails ? "
tr	NN	She hated the jealousy she was feeling , but it couldn 't be ignored .
tr	NN	Suddenly lightning sizzled and danced , a blue-white whip across the sky .
tr	NN	He groans a low moan as the pain from his injuries sets into his consciousness .
tr	NN	For a moment they were all silent , a little taken aback by the way Rand had brought such an emotive topic into the open .
tr	NNS	she asked , breathless with delight .
tr	NNS	" We 've had a few complaints about him since he got back to town .
tr	NNS	The monster mocked his efforts , and seemed to swell in power .
tr	NN	She nodded , a lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	He 'd told her he had motives for being nice to her .
tr	NNS	He grabbed the mattress from one bunk , held it up as flimsy protection .
tr	NNS	Why did I have two gentlemen on my doorstep inquiring as to your whereabouts ? '
tr	NN	It 's really moving and like Ali said , it 's getting hotter as it goes . "
tr	NNS	Did he have trust issues ? "
tr	NN	I have my lit candle to give energy , and my unlit candle to invite it .
tr	NNS	" Or perhaps we should give them some fruits and biscuits from the store . "
tr	NN	Claire and Ryan left the Humvee first , and Jared and I fol owed .
tr	NNS	She had doubts about herself .
tr	NN	As Matt , Alex and I jogged over to the team , the guys started our team chant , pumping their helmets over their heads .
tr	NN	He undid the snap on the hilt , moving to pull the sword .
tr	NNS	The kiss also worked wonders on Zuzana 's nerves .
tr	NN	She was wearing the same outfit as last night , including her tennis shoes .
tr	NNS	I threw back my covers and sat up .
tr	NNS	Just as before , he could not take chances with the most important person in his life .
tr	NNS	Haley climbed the crates and faced Hospitality 3000 .
tr	NNS	We 've got local signals to send , haven 't we ? '
tr	NN	What she needed to do was exert her own personality , though she wasn 't sure what that was .
tr	NN	It rumbled up my spine to my hairline and I almost shivered against it .
tr	NN	She ignored the squeeze of her chest , the kick of her pulse and the wishes rising .
tr	NN	Only those who have bonded with the flying reptiles can speak their language . "
tr	NNS	Ahead , beyond the tidy and pastoral , loomed the ruins .
tr	NN	Aria asked , her eyes narrowing .
tr	NNS	He turned down the covers on Amanda 's bed .
tr	NNS	A show of hands please gentlemen and let us get this matter over with . "
tr	NNS	One of the images would contain more bits than the other .
tr	NNS	On their heads , they balanced plastic buckets filled with water .
tr	NN	Nick let out a snort .
tr	NN	Afterwards , he makes an announcement .
tr	NN	He checked the clock on his phone , which was sitting on the table in front of him .
tr	NNS	His teeth grazed the tendons of her neck .
tr	NN	To put bedtime off , I checked my e-mail ; there was a new message from Renee .
tr	NNS	I have my doubts -- but I just don 't know .
tr	NN	He passed an irritated smirk to Sundown .
tr	NN	We found the dossier . "
tr	NNS	Mel stumbles over her words and finally spits out , " How ? "
tr	NNS	Just before entering , Sir George grabbed the reins of her horse , bringing it to a sudden halt .
tr	NNS	" So , you see ghosts like I see people ?
tr	NNS	Other codes included more tongue-in-cheek references to Wizard of Oz memorabilia , given that the Tin Man was Fletcher 's assassin alias .
tr	NN	Do the two of you ever stop fucking ?
tr	NNS	" Or at least not to kill giants in such places . "
tr	NN	When Lina gave him a dirty look he amended with raised hands , " I take full responsibility . "
tr	NN	Several times during the day , Francis had fought off the compulsion to suddenly break into a run and leave them all behind .
tr	NNS	The dotted line shows the expanded areas we will move into , effective immediately .
tr	NN	He set aside a magazine .
tr	NNS	This evening we face our gravest dangers yet . "
tr	NNS	Dave barbecued steaks , and we sat and talked for hours .
tr	NN	Why , then , would he feel pity for the boy ?
tr	NN	I have another appointment .
tr	NN	He also liked fresh fish cooked on the grill with fresh vegetables .
tr	NN	He moved merchandise from higher shelves to the bottom to fill in any empty spaces .
tr	NN	Beneath her own thumb , she felt his pulse quicken , and she realized he was as confused and uncertain about all this as she was .
tr	NN	Ryan felt Vicki 's entire body tense ... and his own hands fisted in the clay until it seeped out grey and viscous between his fingers .
tr	NNS	" He 's burned two buildings now and attacked the foundation of our enterprise .
tr	NN	Seeming a little nervous , he draws the curtain back , showing me the view outside .
tr	NNS	Did you find those old designs in the attic ? "
tr	NNS	He turned the pages , following the alphabet towards its zenith .
tr	NNS	Kylie and Della had all the same classes .
tr	NN	she asked um , smiling encouragingly .
tr	NN	Now that I have made it clear , do I have a volunteer ?
tr	NN	He immediately noted his error - the man would not return the handshake with the right hand he didn 't have .
tr	NN	He gave a sharp salute .
tr	NNS	We didn 't study many insults in Spanish class , but I was pretty sure she just called Jaden an idiot .
tr	NN	He didn 't need her pumping venom into him in a moment of panic .
tr	NN	She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear .
tr	NN	What the fuck did I do ?
tr	NNS	But Alexander wore studs .
tr	NN	He didn 't ask her advice , wasn 't interested in what she thought or knew about Laconia .
tr	NN	Summer checked the clock .
tr	NN	Michael pushed aside a low-hanging branch .
tr	NN	For the first time , Claire found the sound soothing .
tr	NNS	For some I read the cards or interpreted their natal charts while others only wanted to do grammar exercises or vent in a foreign tongue .
tr	NN	Gabriel didn 't need the ego stroke and I needed to keep my head right where it belonged .
tr	NN	She slowly placed her napkin on the table and looked at Hank Corwin head-on .
tr	NN	She forwarded the encrypted file to George .
tr	NNS	" Does this help my chances ? "
tr	NNS	Some were empty-handed , some held buckets or brooms .
tr	NN	" I never had the privilege of speaking with him . "
tr	NN	He misses that acutely .
tr	NNS	" Just take a few calming breaths and keep the beast caged , all right ? "
tr	NN	She lifted the laser , ignoring his offered help and turned toward the store room .
tr	NNS	" Or we can park our butts here and wait .
tr	NNS	I 'd found and photographed eleven of the items on Paul 's list .
tr	NN	He could see the stern of a destroyer with a helicopter landing on its small flight deck .
tr	NN	Tucker watched the video feed jostle as Kane lowered to his belly , his nose at the snow line .
tr	NN	His features reveal a depth of compassion well beyond his years .
tr	NNS	" You seriously only have twenty bucks ? "
tr	NNS	We gave them knives and blankets for pelts ; then we sold the pelts to the traders in Santa Fe or Taos .
tr	NN	Then I threw down the rope for him .
tr	NN	Overhead , the stone dragon continued its silent vigil .
tr	NN	He pointed the tool at Tench as he talked , " Maybe I 'm one of them people .
tr	NN	Aria returns the salute .
tr	NNS	" My dad canceled all my credit cards a while ago and I have only , like , eight hundred bucks left . "
tr	NNS	Ruby ate delicately around the icing , complaining that she should have gotten carob instead of chocolate because it was healthier .
tr	NNS	The safe house kept changes of clothes for agents on the run .
tr	NN	A picture of Mamie accompanied the article , and I was impressed by the stringer 's industry .
tr	NN	" But my heart also demands confrontation , although my head disagrees .
tr	NN	Why does the simple matter of paternity determine our greatness ?
tr	NN	I heard the front door slam and Simon and Mr. Fitzgibbon yelling directions to each other as they raced across the lawn toward the stable .
tr	NNS	Don 't you like terms of endearment ? "
tr	NNS	He moves up inches .
tr	NN	On the ground floor , she raised her umbrella and braced against the cold wind as she picked her way through the puddles in the parking lot .
tr	NNS	Marron had ordered rugs hung along the perimeter to create false walls and the illusion of a real room .
tr	NN	But we 'll keep that possibility open , okay ?
tr	NNS	Adrian made no apologies , of course .
tr	NN	" But I do not regret the union that was forced upon us . "
tr	NN	The pain in his voice made her ache .
tr	NN	If they wished to stay in Boston , he would pay them their final wage and wish them well .
tr	NNS	Hearing Marty recite bits of private conversation between me and Vincent made the blood drain from my face .
tr	NNS	Maybe someone will spot the tire tracks on the road , the ones heading straight over the embankment .
tr	NNS	Lightning veined the clouds .
tr	NN	But Kylie got the oddest sensation she was close .
tr	NNS	He tried various methods to wake me up , but nothing worked .
tr	NN	After looking at her bandaged foot , he said ' tsk ' and made her smile before he removed the bandages .
tr	NNS	At this stage , he is attempting to gather power , he is sending his witches out at night to solidify his influence over the city .
tr	NNS	Her black bra held breasts that came as close to goddess as this world allowed .
tr	NNS	As a precaution , Alexander ordered extra patrols on subways , busses and every other nook and crawl space he could think of .
tr	NNS	Ty 's behavior reminded him too much of the times he himself had seen ghosts in the shadows .
tr	NNS	What do you call a deer with only one eye ?
tr	NNS	We 've got messengers set up . "
tr	NN	When he pushed his way into her heat , he felt her flinch and froze , realizing what her reaction meant .
tr	NNS	We have two babies .
tr	NNS	Underneath the three volumes there was one more book laid flat on the bottom .
tr	NN	She brushes the painting with orange .
tr	NN	" Oscar took the wagon .
tr	NNS	As though she would use drugs at all , much less at an employer 's house .
tr	NN	We 're having a small reunion . "
tr	NN	" Yeah , got a pal with me . "
tr	NNS	The untimely warning may have already obliterated our meager chances .
tr	NN	Looking farther , I could make out the beautiful shoreline of a lake .
tr	NN	All of them were carrying large briefcase and looked very serious .
tr	NNS	Though to any outside observer they looked the same age , she could feel all the centuries that lay between her life and Nadia 's .
tr	NN	I 'm smelling the goodness of you . "
tr	NN	He felt a shudder of premonition .
tr	NNS	Annapurna lost her sisters , and an uncle , if I remember .
tr	NNS	When Seth threatened something else would be hurting suddenly the man with a sore bottom dropped all complaints .
tr	NNS	That night , Sarah had reoccurring nightmares about her experiences in Salem .
tr	NN	I heard a low growl echoing in my ears and was shocked when I realized it was me .
tr	NN	At least the sheets were cool , a contrast to the fever burning inside him .
tr	NN	" I 'm not hiding , I 'm searching for what you always believe I have , the resolve to do the right thing . "
tr	NN	The woman who 'd made him forget exhaustion and every preconception about himself and what he could feel .
tr	NN	I may gain forgiveness , but that doesn 't let me escape the consequences . "
tr	NNS	He nodded and looked at her , his dark eyes black pits .
tr	NNS	I could see the wheels of motorbikes on either side but there was no way they could see me .
tr	NNS	My tail made strong , quick strokes that sent me flying through the ocean .
tr	NNS	I followed my instincts , and look where it got me . "
tr	NNS	He had inadvertently left his cigarettes at the snack bar so he decided to buy a new pack .
tr	NN	Mikhail 's finding Raven had given him a measure of relief in the form of hope .
tr	NNS	My heart skips all its beats .
tr	NNS	" Becoming a vampire masked the powers from you , but now that you have found them there is the chance that they will overwhelm you .
tr	NN	He ran his knuckles down my cheek .
tr	NNS	As she moved forward , the large sweep of her billowing skirt rustled impressively .
tr	NNS	" Which means forty-five generations removed from the Terran gene pool . "
tr	NNS	It had black leather sofas , and a coffee table of metal and smoked glass .
tr	NNS	They shared hearty meals , good laughs , and lots of hugs .
tr	NN	For a while we let silence stretch between us .
tr	NNS	Reagan hooks her thumbs in the waistband of her sleep shorts and pulls them down , along with her panties .
tr	NNS	How fare your patients ? "
tr	NN	Rather than respond , he pulled his iPod from his pocket and wrapped the earbud chord around it .
tr	NNS	All you have to do is direct my actions as you did your brother 's .
tr	NNS	" Not until we 've discussed several conditions .
tr	NN	" Hand me another bat ? "
tr	NNS	Ahead , the thing noticed two figures , one larger than the other , both with bags strapped to their backs .
tr	NN	Cassie felt a pang of anxiety - and frustration .
tr	NNS	Although they were not usually words of love more a big joke amongst the workers .
tr	NN	He picked up his pen , drew a zero , then crumpled the paper and tossed it into the trashcan .
tr	NNS	Bill 's got connections .
tr	NN	" I just had another contraction .
tr	NNS	" You don 't hear the nasty remarks . "
tr	NNS	As they all reached a crouched kneeling position Herbert pointed silently at a hedgerow some 200 yards away .
tr	NN	She 'd forgotten a towel but wasn 't ready to get off the treadmill .
tr	NN	Josh 's hands slid back down her thigh and lifted her thigh to his hip .
tr	NNS	He picked up two cables and started screwing them together .
tr	NN	In the stiff silence that followed , the horses stamped impatiently , their coats steaming .
tr	NNS	In the dimness beyond she could see chairs up on tables and an old man pushing a broom .
tr	NN	But you , girlfriend , have a talent for picking out losers . "
tr	NN	He only had one option .
tr	NN	She crossed the foyer to him .
tr	NNS	When he pulled out the money , he had only 23 dollars .
tr	NN	She entered the third passageway , which also made a sharp right turn , and found it to be even shorter .
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths as she waited , trying to reduce her stress level .
tr	NNS	Helps keep the wolves away from the stables . "
tr	NN	Danica set her pen on the desk and leaned back in her chair .
tr	NNS	Food trucks and various activities for children lined the sidewalks .
tr	NN	See , a vampire needs a talisman like this ring to go out in the sun without being killed .
tr	NN	Next to Julia , Caroline put her fork down with a clank .
tr	NN	The police alerted the airport as soon as we tipped them off . "
tr	NNS	Agent White had his prodigious face inches from me .
tr	NN	Without conscious thought she took command of him , pushing his body along the path , turning onto another one so she could get above the combatants .
tr	NN	I pull out her purple hair clip and walk back to her bed .
tr	NNS	" I don 't get dizzy . "
tr	NNS	That they 're testing our responses , building some kind of blueprint ?
tr	NN	" I love you too , honey . "
tr	NNS	How many hit points does she have ? "
tr	NNS	The two men rolled their bricks of C-4 into long strips and stuck them on the wall , roughly approximating the shape of a door .
tr	NNS	Athena decreed anyone looking for Medusa 's head would find calm waters and a favorable wind between their ship and the island .
tr	NN	" You will disregard all former commands , " Merrill 's voice dripped compulsion behind me .
tr	NN	She wore an apron to protect it from whatever she had been working on .
tr	NNS	An occasional flickering florescent light revealed halls and offices in three directions .
tr	NN	But she also couldn 't resist the urge to stay and listen .
tr	NN	As one , he felt the three sharp points retract a bit , but only a bit .
tr	NN	Well , he 'd shown that hypocrite , and he wasn 't done yet .
tr	NNS	" If you 're willing to boil it or at least allow me access to the stove , I will take my chances . "
tr	NN	The next evening , Mason pressed the brake on his truck as he pulled into an empty parking spot outside the Atomic Testing Museum .
tr	NN	Beast made a mad lunge and licked my ankle .
tr	NN	Without a kiss or word of love , he tore her virginity from her .
tr	NN	She purses her lips and taps her umbrella on the ground like a cane .
tr	NN	And now he had the plague .
tr	NN	The blond man closed his menu abruptly .
tr	NNS	Big fancy cameras that they spent a ridiculous amount on , but they don 't have a bit of photography training .
tr	NNS	Rebecca and Mom taught classes , made quilts , and ran the store .
tr	NNS	She mirrored his actions , heedless to the audience they had .
tr	NN	Get outta here , Abraham .
tr	NN	I straightened out my uniform and nodded at Thom before turning to leave his apartment .
tr	NN	Such discontent led a liberal wing of the sangha to break away from the rest of the monks at the second council in 383 BCE .
tr	NN	The wind lifted the hem of her dress making it dance back and forth .
tr	NN	She kissed her son goodnight , and went back to the living room to read .
tr	NN	Valerie stifled another yawn .
tr	NNS	Children swarm the rides and the games , all of which are free for the night thanks to my parents .
tr	NNS	" He no longer can produce new spells .
tr	NNS	The Terra Nova Castle is currently hosting delegates from around this sector for the election of new off-world ambassadors .
tr	NN	I hear a woman 's voice yell behind me , and almost trip over my own feet in surprise .
tr	NN	Then he took possession of her mouth .
tr	NNS	If only we could trade abilities . "
tr	NN	" If it 's the guy with no tongue , why would he use Taylor 's passport ? "
tr	NNS	His opponent watched in disgust as perfectly placed shots kissed the painted targets at precisely the right angles to send them to their final resting place .
tr	NN	" I " ve just thrown up a small , hilarious , paper umbrella ... Oh dear . "
tr	NN	I figured out the location of the door ; it comes out by the bathing holes .
tr	NNS	" It won 't hurt the apples . "
tr	NN	She made a helpless gesture with her hands .
tr	NN	Still feeling a bit silly , he plucked his napkin from the table and made a show of dabbing his lips .
tr	NNS	Actually , he only had two fangs now .
tr	NN	It 's called hands-on learning . "
tr	NN	The horses pulled the wagon up the hill .
tr	NNS	Moving up to take her lips in a kiss , Domenico gently parted her inner folds to slide one finger in .
tr	NNS	And he 's eight feet tall and carrying a huge crowbar , Moist added mentally .
tr	NN	He donned his polished steel helm .
tr	NNS	He glanced over the data for a moment and said , " This is it .
tr	NN	Emmanuel simply gave the small rowboat a final heave into the water , set it to floating , and climbed on board .
tr	NN	" I didn 't bring my swimsuit . "
tr	NNS	He hadn 't had sausages in years .
tr	NNS	We did however find a few clubs that were already shut down .
tr	NN	The away team needed more leadership .
tr	NNS	Ruby pulled the cardboard flaps apart and peered inside the box .
tr	NN	She drank her brew , and they sat in companionable silence for a few minutes .
tr	NNS	The same aliens who brought dinosaurs to Earth brought sandwiches , too . '
tr	NNS	I stretched out my palms and unleashed a billow of fire , hoping that it would scare them back .
tr	NN	I got the impression that they 'd seen similar situations before .
tr	NN	Gabrielle replaced the receiver at the same time Derek opened the bedroom door .
tr	NNS	That vase was giving me the creeps . "
tr	NN	I have a protocol to uphold .
tr	NNS	" So do wolves , Herr 'D on .
tr	NN	He faked a kidnapping and had her killed . "
tr	NNS	He was having doubts about this ; what kind of trouble would Amira get up to while he was gone ?
tr	NNS	The horse came nearer .
tr	NNS	Edward shifted a few inches to the side , and Riley automatically compensated with an adjustment of his own .
tr	NN	If she gave in to what came most naturally , she 'd be signing her own death warrant .
tr	NN	One day my arm would be hanging off the white linen of a hospital bed , but it still felt good to see it on someone else .
tr	NN	" I simply don 't want the publicity of some big shot like you getting murdered on my watch .
tr	NNS	Prince Rann of Planet Sahara with no penalty receives hundred points .
tr	NN	The SUV cleared the maze of vehicles as well .
tr	NNS	No wonder women have all the babies .
tr	NNS	She makes excuses for people when they do stupid things .
tr	NNS	I made my billions , and I 'll just make more .
tr	NNS	Alongside him , sixty members of the EIF would now forge their marks in space .
tr	NNS	Are you taking your own disciples now ?
tr	NNS	The Scorpions can smell the drugs , Captain .
tr	NN	" I know a player when I see one . "
tr	NNS	The room was still and too warm , the way old people kept their houses .
tr	NNS	It gave me all sorts of problems , especially the dreams .
tr	NNS	He felt nauseous and shut his eyes to block out the churning water .
tr	NN	" I confronted the dragon .
tr	NN	Because I don 't have an MRI scanner .
tr	NNS	In America they 'd look happy enough but plain ignore bands who failed to grab them early .
tr	NNS	" I don 't do drugs .
tr	NN	He felt a lump in his throat , possibly from melancholic nostalgia , but probably just indigestion from Tony 's Red Indian Juice .
tr	NNS	" Got more tricks than that up my sleeve . "
tr	NN	But she felt a strange resistance about the trip , an eerie premonition that she shouldn 't go .
tr	NN	He has a rather irritating talent for impersonating a fulcrum . "
tr	NNS	I have powers you 've never dreamed of .
tr	NN	Kathleen stifled a groan .
tr	NN	The receipt was dated , proof that he 'd purchased the rings before he 'd left for Vegas .
tr	NNS	She spent fifteen hundred dollars on underwear in the first store alone .
tr	NNS	Fifteen thousand times two thousand houses .
tr	NN	" I 'm outta here , " I heard Diego mutter .
tr	NN	Bloody , blooming , blasted fish .
tr	NNS	He stroked her breasts while she sucked on him as far as he allowed .
tr	NNS	Two empty pizza boxes held discarded bits of crust .
tr	NNS	It has green and gold scales , two horns and is of average size compared to the other dragons in the dock .
tr	NN	I 've developed my own method of finding the end and pulling it through the skein .
tr	NNS	Unlike other security contractors , Department 6 rarely handled military operations .
tr	NNS	I 've got meetings in the afternoon .
tr	NNS	Satisfied , he rejoined his companions .
tr	NN	Kurt cracked his knuckles , studying the backs of his hands .
tr	NN	" Want some advice ?
tr	NNS	" He has criminal connections , sure .
tr	NNS	Hudson increased his movements and his pace , and I felt as if my body were becoming one with his as he filled me with pleasure .
tr	NNS	Eric put the photographs back in their places except for the one of the woman with the parasol .
tr	NNS	" Whether you believe it or not , I would have never sold those pages to Hale . "
tr	NNS	Tossing the empty pitcher to the ground , Ty holds up two Ping-Pong balls .
tr	NNS	For All I knew , Oliver had enhanced senses , like so many of the other warrior whiz kids did .
tr	NNS	He 's given three contact numbers , all Spanish but said he 'll ring the office again at 5pm tonight .
tr	NN	Licking his finger clean , he thrust the empty canister at the medic .
tr	NNS	' Usually until he passed out , ' the warden gave a helpless palms up gesture .
tr	NNS	I 'd had two other lovers since him and thought I had moved on .
tr	NNS	He stopped a few yards away from Andrew and did some hamstring and calf stretches , using the railings for support .
tr	NN	He tore his sitter apart and killed about six other people before the hunters were able to take him down .
tr	NN	He had the receiver in his hand but , after she finished , he slowly returned it to its cradle .
tr	NN	He owes us a favor , doesn 't he , from that incident with the automaton ?
tr	NNS	Maybe I did command the heavens accidentally last night .
tr	NN	I placed the umbrella over him , though I 'm sure that it won 't change the fact that he 's already soaked .
tr	NNS	The books he loved so much could not push away the stark , raw loneliness of his existence .
tr	NNS	' Daisy can you please stop gossiping ?
tr	NNS	He must complete two missions for the President .
tr	NNS	" They 've already given me directions to a place where we can do the swap .
tr	NNS	They 're working dogs ; they were used to herd reindeer and haul sleds .
tr	NN	I forced back the quiver in my voice .
tr	NNS	Then suddenly Sophia noticed their unpleasant table companion playing cards with a number of junior officers from the Captain 's staff .
tr	NN	Now she had the seemingly endless supply that she wanted .
tr	NN	I put a pizza in the microwave , and as I watched it cook , my mind began to spin with thoughts of a different nature .
tr	NNS	Reacher put twenty dollars on his table and glanced up at the football game .
tr	NN	" What if someone entered an incorrect trade in some unimaginably huge number ?
tr	NNS	The doctor will give you all the specifics .
tr	NN	I had a goal and three steps forward took me to her .
tr	NN	" Two mojitos , " Zach told a bartender , using the proper Spanish intonation .
tr	NN	He dropped the boot , watched it drift down to Beth .
tr	NN	Get your butt out of bed ! "
tr	NN	He pulled back the plastic and gently withdrew the mantis .
tr	NNS	She had hoped her suspicions about them had been wrong .
tr	NN	He could 've burned the entire tower to the ground .
tr	NN	We both knew the likelihood of me taking that was slim .
tr	NN	Back at the house , two of Marjory 's nephews were directing traffic as cars parked up and down the narrow , tree-lined road .
tr	NNS	" The Sheriff will pitch fits but I 'm going to do some looking . "
tr	NNS	If he does , they 'll set the spears and let him do the work . "
tr	NN	He could see the sofa , straight ahead , perhaps nine feet away .
tr	NNS	Without the sustained rate of fire from the German gun , the unit could not hold off the attackers .
tr	NNS	They found most Shifters peacefully cooking out , as Sean was doing behind Liam 's house .
tr	NN	He leaned his butt against the kitchen counter and tucked the shotgun under his arm .
tr	NNS	They are grotesquely distorted versions of humans , and their intelligence is far lesser than a human .
tr	NNS	It took him eight trips to move everything .
tr	NNS	' To be honest with you , I 've been racking my brains searching for a solution to this problem .
tr	NNS	" Cannot follow simple directions . "
tr	NN	" I get the impression that you and Max aren 't the best of friends . "
tr	NNS	She had butterflies in her stomach .
tr	NNS	Gretchen felt the hairs on her arm rising .
tr	NNS	Then our physical education teacher gave the balls and other playing equipments to us and left the place . "
tr	NN	I even forgive your whore . "
tr	NN	The light wrapped around the staircase and fluttered up the walls .
tr	NNS	The destroyers ' ion cannons would rip ships of such low caliber to dust .
tr	NN	Without another word , they carried the antique furniture up the stairs .
tr	NN	My mother has the impressive talent of bringing out the worst in me . "
tr	NNS	On occasions , he saw bands of Indians on horseback .
tr	NN	After she stood , Anne took the fax , walked back to the office , and used the fax machine .
tr	NN	He finished his slice of pie all too soon .
tr	NN	The guards beat the angered addict to the floor , kicked him in the ribs and then carried him away in disgrace .
tr	NN	Beth spit the candy out and dropped her face into her palms .
tr	NNS	He then felt the pages and knew from the first touch that the paper from that first note was as ancient as those he then held .
tr	NN	He gives my hand a squeeze , then me a grin so dazzling it squeezes my heart even harder .
tr	NN	You 're not making this easy , honey .
tr	NN	He set down his fork , wiped his mouth with his napkin , and stared at me .
tr	NN	At once he took up the very theme that Felix had mentioned the night before .
tr	NN	He showed me a painting that he 's been working on all year .
tr	NN	I don 't mind the bustling workplace : it makes my shifts go faster .
tr	NN	A shiver of fear rolled up my spine , but going back didn 't seem any better an idea than moving forward .
tr	NN	They would give chase , of course , but that didn 't mean they 'd catch him .
tr	NN	He spat an oath into the night .
tr	NN	His hand stroked up and down her thigh and then cupped her breast .
tr	NN	The lad gave a mocking salute .
tr	NN	Then we 'll need the signet dagger . "
tr	NNS	" Would you do the honors ? "
tr	NNS	He shook his head in mock dismay and leaned toward Mark , their faces only inches apart .
tr	NN	He 'd had no protection but himself .
tr	NN	Albert changed the topic .
tr	NN	I stil had my Power .
tr	NNS	We stood only inches apart , and he ducked his head , his lips brushing my ear .
tr	NNS	" My brother would criticize my methods .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , let 's do it before Olivia hits the front pages with Gladstone as bait . "
tr	NN	We 'll have candy and cake and we 'll all take turns digging a hole ! "
tr	NNS	When their mother had finally come to let them out , she had welts on her face and was sobbing uncontrollably .
tr	NNS	He had his doubts , however .
tr	NNS	" I have sweats , a t-shirt , and flip flops in the car .
tr	NN	He had opened a nightclub and formed an act with two other performers , Jackson and Clayton .
tr	NN	" Can you put down a fresh batch of fries ?
tr	NN	" First officer , supervise course acquisition from the pylon .
tr	NN	This alien may not have the least conception of weapons or defense .
tr	NN	" Give me the dagger , Jennifer . "
tr	NN	" The map on my glasses marked her location . "
tr	NN	First , how do you find a sitter that you 're willing to let inside your house ?
tr	NNS	I just run errands for this guy .
tr	NNS	I have many requests .
tr	NNS	They either shot daggers at him for being what he was , or invited him to their beds with seductive glances .
tr	NN	I placed my cock inside her and pushed into her with force .
tr	NNS	And turned the hourglass over .
tr	NN	He took a mouthful .
tr	NNS	' That 's right , I 'm selling my business interests , which means some changes , like moving to a smaller house .
tr	NN	" Without success ? "
tr	NN	And although I 'd always liked and felt an undeniable attraction to Oliver Clark , I now experienced a startling , even disturbing realization .
tr	NN	They walked down the row , stopping at every seat .
tr	NN	I leaned back sharply , my agitation growing .
tr	NNS	" I don 't have all the ingredients I need , though . "
tr	NNS	Jacqueline stared daggers at him .
tr	NN	You apologize and ask forgiveness , but your apparent guilt never seems to change your behavior !
tr	NN	" He said ' t was not his problem and that he would deny it was his if she tried to drag him into her shame .
tr	NNS	The Knight was adjusting the clear goggles upon his head now .
tr	NN	She walked down the staircase and I waited for more of an explanation .
tr	NN	The man gave a yell of pain as the piece struck the back of his thigh hard enough to rip the cloth and draw blood .
tr	NN	Maynard produced his lighter , lit the cigar , and took a couple of puffs while Roger took up where he left off .
tr	NN	" Attend the theater with me tomorrow night . "
tr	NN	Well , please enlighten me , oh great identifier of problems . "
tr	NNS	" I thought cats hated to get wet . "
tr	NN	Kham checked the probable location of the still flashing signal on his GPS and decided that it came from City Hall .
tr	NNS	I would like these connections to remain open so I can analyze the data streams . "
tr	NNS	Gods can 't kill other gods . "
tr	NN	Gilbert made a proposal to Poe that Tasha and Jake should bear arms and do the guard duty .
tr	NNS	" I think that 's an excellent idea Abi " Pearl said encouragingly .
tr	NNS	Her hands touched her wallet , hairbrush , keys , lip gloss ... where was her phone ?
tr	NN	I don 't hold her privilege against her .
tr	NNS	I had butterflies in the pit of my stomach .
tr	NNS	Come on , Ash , I need the Powerball numbers .
tr	NN	" Perhaps I should give you a massage first . "
tr	NN	We can order pizza and chat for a while . "
tr	NNS	Second , we have household chores that we are all assigned , and you 'll have to do your share of them . "
tr	NN	The ancient empire sealed an era of great harmony over the peoples of the world .
tr	NN	That wouldn 't give David a very favorable impression of her .
tr	NN	Kyle and I screamed the command in unison .
tr	NN	I pushed the discomfort aside , reminding myself that Jon and I were broken up and Quinn and I were coworkers .
tr	NN	After all , they had expressed a willingness , if not an outright eagerness , to kill her if she became a problem .
tr	NNS	Anyway , Camden had grabbed the discarded items and we ran for it . "
tr	NN	He 'd caused the disaster at the dance just because I was dancing with Jack .
tr	NNS	" Until you pressed your breasts against me .
tr	NN	Our soulless girl saw the sincerity in her aunt , and she realized that it would be something to remember her by come tomorrow .
tr	NNS	She 'd destroyed her chances at love four years ago .
tr	NN	Much to his dismay , the two officers dismounted and walked around the wagon .
tr	NNS	In just over a year , they would be launching ships to establish orbital superiority .
tr	NNS	His parents were farming tracker wolves trained to attack anyone who left the border .
tr	NN	" Yeah , but a little had to do with me , " he pressed , certainty in his voice .
tr	NNS	Girls from the tennis team held plates of canapes .
tr	NNS	She racked up serious points in his book for grit .
tr	NN	For Billy , he 'd made a special exception .
tr	NNS	I love my sisters -- they give me such great fodder for abuse .
tr	NNS	A mad flurry of arms and fists beating the hell out of each other causes my instincts to flare .
tr	NNS	" Since when have you had difficulties with doing that ? "
tr	NN	" ... If we put up no resistance the aliens may think the planet isn 't worth it and go home . "
tr	NN	I still had a pen and a notepad , so I started interviewing the other inhabitants of the island .
tr	NN	" She 's setting a bad example for you and teaches you everything a woman shouldn 't be . "
tr	NNS	' It 's raining bats ! '
tr	NN	After a moment of thought she entered the password she 'd used back at the Academy , knowing it by heart even now .
tr	NN	And de hair ... dat not really your style . "
tr	NNS	Brings any sales at all .
tr	NN	You did not make a good impression on Master Jamie .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	" Did you ever see the pigeon again ? "
tr	NN	If I could keep us flying long enough , I could grab the wire while holding on to Campbell .
tr	NNS	Jake now carried two packs , his own and the pack previously carried by Princess Cleopatra .
tr	NNS	" How about working backwards ? "
tr	NN	I 've given instruction , private and group .
tr	NN	A twitchy giggle delayed the reveal .
tr	NN	James stalked into the shed , snatched a rope from where it hung on a peg pounded into the wall , and stalked out again .
tr	NNS	I don 't give out second chances . "
tr	NN	" Yeah , I 'm laying claim to her .
tr	NNS	The guy moved three stools down next to her .
tr	NNS	Then she ran the data through an iCloud program she had installed from the computer back at the loft .
tr	NN	They have no god , other than the pleasure of inflicting pain .
tr	NN	Paige arched the kink out of her back as she strode toward Bo 's rental sedan parked under the boughs of the lone sprawling oak .
tr	NN	But those hateful words had also brought the seed of doubt that haunted us both .
tr	NN	I don 't have any cream , only skim milk - " " It doesn 't matter .
tr	NN	I can feel all the color drain out of my face and my stomach drops to my toes .
tr	NN	Her eyes poured fury on him .
tr	NN	She felt the trunk and the bough beneath her moving .
tr	NNS	I could almost see the pools of bright red blood in the sand .
tr	NN	Sleep , she heard the monster growl , only this time that voice came from within her .
tr	NNS	Her mission had had unexpected complications , but she 'd made it out and knew no one followed her .
tr	NNS	She and every immortal in the room couldn 't help but notice the similarities between him and her son .
tr	NNS	" It takes more than a shave to attract a woman .
tr	NN	She shot Aaron a glare when he let out a snort that was loud enough to be picked up by her phone .
tr	NNS	She took several deep breaths and tried to calm herself .
tr	NNS	When he finished he hooked his thumbs in the lacy band of her panties and tugged them down her legs .
tr	NN	You are showing great responsibility and good decision making skills .
tr	NNS	He took out some sandwiches , cookies , chips , and two bottles of water .
tr	NN	Your thumb would tickle my knuckles and your eyes would hold mine captive .
tr	NNS	Anthony had not questioned her motives at the time .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you all find some females for us and guys for yourselves ?
tr	NN	I have a duty for you to perform before joining me . "
tr	NN	She has a vest on over a t-shirt and a pair of black jeans .
tr	NNS	I had visions that emanated from the book 's diagrams .
tr	NNS	From his position on the DJ platform he 'd watched her rhythmic , undulating movements with increasing fascination .
tr	NN	" Stop bitching and get me a hose . "
tr	NN	I wore my simple and normal outfit for winter day .
tr	NN	When we were on Isola Santos Uncle Victor gave a long speech . "
tr	NNS	It doesn 't have many walks left in it and needs to get back in its roots . '
tr	NN	Even I could crack that vault . "
tr	NNS	And besides , she had far more important issues to worry about -- what was she going to do ?
tr	NN	What the fuck was he qualified for anyway ?
tr	NN	" What the devil have you done to yourself ? "
tr	NNS	I would get rags and fresh clothes and report back to the RV to prepare Jeremy .
tr	NNS	Two sailors gripped floor levers and pulled with their entire body .
tr	NN	Dimitri took the offering , knowing they had very little time .
tr	NNS	" One of the forward launch areas .
tr	NN	In the distance she heard Caleb 's motorcycle approaching .
tr	NNS	He ignored the new additions and stepped forward to peer around Renna into the van .
tr	NNS	He saw a dozen blades coming from above .
tr	NNS	Just as long as she had no false expectations about him falling in love .
tr	NN	In his pocket , David is carrying the small cylinder containing the drone .
tr	NN	And laughing , he unexpectedly caught a mouthful of sea spray that set him bending over the rail .
tr	NN	He kissed my belly , running soft fingers over the fading bruises along my torso .
tr	NN	He picked up his fishing rod and began to wind the reel .
tr	NN	Miriam cut across sharply , eyes narrowing .
tr	NN	More than likely , using the dial to illuminate what was inside would activate them if not an alarm itself .
tr	NNS	" The doctor thinks her difficulties with waking up are due to exhaustion .
tr	NNS	You must cancel his deportation arrangements . "
tr	NNS	" You have bed bugs ? "
tr	NN	When you shook your tails -- meaning McKee and Taryn - you shook your protection .
tr	NNS	She promised the weeds that she would return with a hoe , stood , and stared at the back door .
tr	NNS	Plush red pillows decorate huge wooden chairs to make them look as if their owners are royalty .
tr	NN	She wasn 't even wearing eyeliner , for heaven 's sake .
tr	NN	" Troy , we need a favor . "
tr	NNS	" Thank you , " Susannah said fervently .
tr	NN	They were considered a delicacy , and it was said that the Director enjoyed them steamed atop his salads .
tr	NN	I could use a hot bath after such a strenuous journey . "
tr	NN	An excise lost all claim to his inheritance , family profits , and protection .
tr	NNS	I will simply give you the data at face value . "
tr	NNS	She took several deep breaths and then stood again , slowly , taking deep breaths as she did .
tr	NNS	Five minutes with him would wipe out all her attempts to bring football into perspective .
tr	NNS	* * * Dmitri had found a small opening in one of the vine covered buildings and crawled through it .
tr	NNS	I bump knuckles with Henry , and he smiles at me .
tr	NNS	However , she didn 't voice her objections .
tr	NNS	Give him a few large plates but keep his joints flexible . "
tr	NNS	I thumped the mattress as I thought about her sweetly kissing someone else .
tr	NNS	" A one night stand doesn 't make us old lovers , Austin . "
tr	NN	I find a dry branch twig then light the match .
tr	NN	" Shall I recite the poetry of names ? "
tr	NNS	You guys could use your bikes .
tr	NNS	Brant flicked the reins .
tr	NN	Losing his balance , he grabs the wooden railing of the staircase for support .
tr	NNS	We applaud his efforts and wish Mr Smithson continued success in his ventures ... " CHAPTER 9 Wesley closed his folder .
tr	NN	" I have faith in you .
tr	NNS	" We don 't need any heroes .
tr	NNS	They had all their classes together this year , which had made the year much easier for the trio .
tr	NNS	" She has four sons , three who live within hours of her .
tr	NN	I have no argument with him .
tr	NNS	I took some deep breaths to calm myself , I steeled my nerves to carry on , then I stopped to think .
tr	NN	Clarice pulled out a nail file and started nervously sawing on her pinkie .
tr	NN	I feel a pang of hatred for her as I watch her dig a trench with her cleat .
tr	NN	" Robert transplanted a dozen of my youngest apple trees onto his property two weeks ago . "
tr	NNS	He was making excuses for her family , her mother .
tr	NNS	How could she explain her deepest fears ?
tr	NN	George grabbed his briefcase , papers and other belongings and joined the throng of grumbling passengers .
tr	NNS	She had a few ghosts of her own .
tr	NNS	Let 's get our cans and set things up .
tr	NNS	Imagine the wonders she saw , every single day .
tr	NN	He gives a soft shrug .
tr	NN	" Lead on , my hero , earn yourself another medal . "
tr	NNS	They all retrieved coats and gloves , then started out .
tr	NNS	Her look turned sly .
tr	NN	My soul seeks vengeance .
tr	NNS	Maybe he planted spells of destruction and I 'm doomed to betray my friends and kill them all .
tr	NNS	" And ladies , " he said with a smile , " you 'll get your ties , too .
tr	NNS	The woman took the gift cards , but her forehead wrinkled .
tr	NN	Thank goodness she 'd let go of his hand before they came !
tr	NNS	Tim forsook the powers by giving you that ring . "
tr	NN	He 'd only seen the aftermath of it once , when Riley scampered up a tree seconds before being gutted .
tr	NN	I pick up the needle .
tr	NNS	He attached conditions immediately .
tr	NNS	I need blood and tissue samples ! "
tr	NNS	She tweaks my ribs , and I jerk .
tr	NN	The aircraft gains height , threading its way through thousands of vehicles crowding the aerial motorways .
tr	NNS	" Young ' uns don 't get houses a their own unless their parents outlive 'em .
tr	NN	On the way out of the fitness center Mike notices the large round wall clock .
tr	NNS	They cannot penetrate our shields !
tr	NN	Living in Southern California didn 't provide much occasion to get an unexpected snow day .
tr	NN	I never felt the lure of foreign places though I love to hear the crack that you and Maeve bring back .
tr	NN	Not as good as Mama 's , of course ; you couldn 't get that homemade aroma from a store-bought sauce .
tr	NN	The garden , for that was where he was , gave the effect of color , shade and great beauty .
tr	NN	He had the same impression .
tr	NN	We 've already had testimony that it may have played a role in an avian flu recovery up here in Somerset , Kentucky . "
tr	NN	Tearing into the latex , he slid the condom over his rock hard shaft .
tr	NNS	Heat scalded his thighs , but the sensation went on and on .
tr	NNS	I make no excuses for being a stupid , greedy coward . "
tr	NN	With a swagger for the Maintenance Foreman 's benefit he took the lab .
tr	NNS	This included the batteries and charging systems .
tr	NN	So he bought a comb and paper .
tr	NN	He 'd donned an apron and looked frighteningly domestic for a man who was built the way he was .
tr	NN	I gave his arm a light yank , lost my balance , and we both fell into the water .
tr	NN	" I 'm hearing the Red Quarter ! "
tr	NN	Her nearness aroused his hunger , tempting him almost beyond bearing .
tr	NNS	Except it would have its good points , too , of course .
tr	NNS	I tossed the covers off the bed , letting them fall partially onto the floor and not bothering to fix them .
tr	NNS	Do you have some forms for me from your mother ? "
tr	NNS	I 've seen cat whiskers on people in the Capitol before , but none so long .
tr	NN	Her words had the opposite effect .
tr	NN	I 've an itch I want to scratch .
tr	NNS	" According to your memories , someone has already made arrangements for their escape . "
tr	NN	He gave a shrug .
tr	NN	" I 've got that itch crawling down my back . "
tr	NN	A six pointed star .
tr	NNS	Auburn Hair flashed his fangs at me in another scary smile .
tr	NN	When we got into the pad , I hit the refrigerator and pulled out a couple of brews as Lola exited into the bedroom .
tr	NN	His armor dented and his back hit a branch .
tr	NN	He picked up the needle , but just touching the wound with it sent shock waves of pain up his leg .
tr	NN	She lit a candle , chose the Letting Go track on her iPod , lay down on the bed and closed her eyes .
tr	NN	The pup clambered out of the pool and shook himself all over George , who stalked away , swearing .
tr	NN	Without waiting to say grace , he picked up his fork and dug in .
tr	NN	She replaced the used wad of cotton with a clean one , then bound him back up .
tr	NN	Tristan eyed the thick liquid , smelled it , stuck a finger into it and licked it off to taste it .
tr	NNS	I have no abilities . "
tr	NNS	All the men had their movements back now , except for Five Toes .
tr	NNS	I moved past Rhys and got just outside the door when he grabbed my hand .
tr	NNS	" Got the sales numbers for last week ? "
tr	NN	Suddenly feeling like an entitled snob , I fought the urge to climb over the seat and sit up front with my new driver .
tr	NN	Applause has depth with more enthusiasm .
tr	NNS	It clattered against the floor a few inches from where she stood .
tr	NNS	Mike translated the fish dishes , some species of which were not eaten in England , as far as Ben and McBride knew .
tr	NNS	Patrick moved her thighs over his shoulders and then plunged all the way inside her .
tr	NNS	The lights reflected off the treetops as it sailed over them and out into the sky .
tr	NN	I spread HIV to my wife and she gave it to my daughter when we had her .
tr	NNS	The President started his welcoming remarks by introducing the members of the Commission .
tr	NNS	" He mentioned buying drugs once he got here but said nothing about smuggling the stuff in . "
tr	NN	" My carry basket .
tr	NNS	I shouldn 't have written titles on the cases .
tr	NN	She looked down at her yellow pad , then slowly picked up her pen and began to write .
tr	NNS	Only a few days before , the village had lost twelve members and now another ten were going away .
tr	NNS	I did go over the numbers . "
tr	NNS	I also picked up ingredients to bake oatmeal cookies .
tr	NNS	" A couple hundred bucks .
tr	NN	" Like I said , I called our lawyer .
tr	NN	" I am simply performing my duty as best I can . "
tr	NN	I ... " I couldn 't even complete my thanks because before I knew it I was gobbling up the fish .
tr	NNS	Slowing down , he watched his mirrors .
tr	NN	The Assassin grabbed a branch and lifted herself with it enough to avoid most of the kick , but it left her off balance .
tr	NN	When she finished , she nudged the Cassiopeia 's menu .
tr	NN	Maggie rubbed her belly .
tr	NN	I pointed the rifle at his face .
tr	NNS	Gan took the dogs to inspect their back trail as a precaution .
tr	NNS	She pauses and takes a couple short breaths .
tr	NN	said Death , wearily .
tr	NNS	Larry had only seen photographs of the massive fabric hanging , which had been featured in several newspaper and magazine articles .
tr	NN	Did it shake your faith as he intended it to ? "
tr	NN	He fell quiet again -- a passive , submissive quiet .
tr	NNS	I brush my thumbs on over her temples .
tr	NNS	" Like optical tricks ? "
tr	NN	" You give me too much credit , Avery .
tr	NN	" You 're talking about the scanner back in the car , right ? "
tr	NNS	We 've reports of women smuggling letters in their corsets and all must be checked . "
tr	NN	Owens said , faintly , " Two minutes ! "
tr	NN	She 's planning a special cake with five candles for you to blow out and make a wish .
tr	NNS	We see only intermittent reflections here and there .
tr	NNS	He 'd grown , of course , several inches from the look of him , and he 'd filled out .
tr	NN	Even as he considered the situation he sensed his own arousal again .
tr	NNS	" Did you see the dragons ? "
tr	NNS	I 'd keep tabs on her a while longer .
tr	NN	In two leaps he crossed the broad stone terrace and pitched his weight against the door , tearing the locks out of the wood .
tr	NN	She tried a range of enhancement from vitriol to searing .
tr	NN	He places the vial into a second specimen bag .
tr	NN	I 'll contact the owner , and he 'll be in touch , settle the fees . "
tr	NNS	The would-be assailant wiped his sweaty palms across the front of his button down shirt and smirked .
tr	NNS	With a sickly , yellowish glow they pulsed dimly .
tr	NN	Maureen returned the gesture .
tr	NN	You must serve only the Creator .
tr	NN	Mere fodder for the greater race of vampires .
tr	NN	Jack put the flute inside the Whistler 's empty fingers in front of his face .
tr	NNS	Isaac leaped the hundred yards to Kim 's position , and then wrapped on hand around her throat , lifting her off the ground .
tr	NNS	He preferred snow bombs .
tr	NNS	Although his mother still gave him hugs and kisses when she tucked him up .
tr	NN	Unearthing a small hand mirror out of a bottom drawer in a corner , he surveyed the effect with a critical and dispassionate eye .
tr	NN	He 'd remembered his phone persona of sexy vampire just in the nick of time .
tr	NN	Guilt rushed up my spine and settled in the back of my neck .
tr	NN	My father 's efforts to get Mike to interact with his PhD students used pretty much the same method , with an identical result .
tr	NN	She could probably ride a bicycle if she wanted to .
tr	NNS	Callie pulled out the short bright red sundress that Lauren convinced her to buy one day but she had never worn .
tr	NNS	We just enjoyed our surroundings .
tr	NNS	" Okay , follow the lighted tunnels .
tr	NNS	For all I knew , she had cameras taping the whole thing .
tr	NNS	I barely passed my classes , and I suspect the school let me graduate simply because it wanted me out of there .
tr	NNS	By the time we realized there was more than one of them , last night 's rain had taken away any trace scents .
tr	NNS	" My family has connections . "
tr	NN	Cale still had a scowl on his face , while I was fuming mad and wanted to call him out on his anger .
tr	NNS	They wear rags , torn shoes , and dirty frocks .
tr	NNS	The Fae resented Shifters for winning their freedom long ago , and Fae were just stubborn enough to wait centuries for their revenge .
tr	NNS	Caitlin has been telling us all sorts of juicy gossip about the art world .
tr	NN	" Maybe you should check the airport again , have them paged ? "
tr	NN	I gave Love Story a small squeeze with my legs and he bolted .
tr	NN	Once one of you two drops from exhaustion , I 'll have my rifle . "
tr	NNS	To their happiness , Dickens McCormack scored 95 points .
tr	NN	His robust laugh mocked the charade of seriousness at the table , but Kate knew he was more dangerous than maybe even Slade gave him credit for .
tr	NNS	We take our positions , our backs together forming a triangle and we wait .
tr	NN	She got the grass fed butter out of the refrigerator and grated some cheese to top the chili .
tr	NN	Chucky scared the crap out of me when I was a kid .
tr	NNS	People with money abandoned all sorts of things .
tr	NN	What if she has a seizure and no one 's around to help her ? "
tr	NNS	You do have your torches should you lose your way . '
tr	NNS	That guy had powers and abilities that seemed unmatched .
tr	NNS	" I have no doubts that you would sacrifice everything for me , but I won 't let you . "
tr	NN	It had a wood stove , a chair , and blankets .
tr	NN	I felt her manicured nails digging into my wrist .
tr	NNS	" Bau ( Already .
tr	NN	Next he grabbed the last clip of rounds and shoved it in a pocket before scurrying up the ladder to the loft .
tr	NNS	Apparently the cat had major health issues , and Dr. Robinson kept it in the clinic for some days .
tr	NNS	You can use my private funds if my dad won 't let you otherwise . "
tr	NN	Here , we 'll have another lesson so that I can march off knowing I 've done my duty as guardian .
tr	NN	Sharon would order her execution soon or she 'd escape .
tr	NNS	Even now , Angie only remembered bits and pieces of the conversation .
tr	NNS	The art teacher told the students to practice mixing paint and use their hands to paint something in nature .
tr	NNS	My frozen eyes stare blindly upward .
tr	NNS	Prime rib , turkey , two kinds of salad , steamed vegetables , potatoes , and all the works .
tr	NN	" Shit , Pete , can you do me a quick favor ?
tr	NN	If they even have a trademark .
tr	NNS	I wiped the stains from its pink fur .
tr	NNS	Jade masses of palm and olive trees , ruby and garnet rooftops on amber and moonstone houses , obsidian roads .
tr	NNS	But if he uses up any of mine I 'm cutting his balls off . "
tr	NN	I knew a trap when I saw one .
tr	NN	Benji should never have disobeyed the ancient code and he will pay for it . "
tr	NNS	Don 't you have other patients that need your attention ? "
tr	NN	" Watch your language . "
tr	NNS	Carefully she wiped the bits of glass and dirt from her backside before grabbing Will 's little hand in her own .
tr	NN	" Won ´ t see my butterfly then , and you can ´ t have the remote .
tr	NN	If it would lead to marriage , if he would finally relent , quit all his opposition and arguments , and move into deeper water .
tr	NN	I took my own sorrow out on the road .
tr	NN	As long as she had room to hope , she should not lose faith .
tr	NN	' These papers tell the method of construction to be followed in the erection of such machines .
tr	NNS	She had not truly appreciated her accommodations at Compostela until this very moment .
tr	NNS	After a moment , I say , " We really should tell our moms about the storm shelter , you know . "
tr	NNS	" I 'm thinking soft earthen walkways trimmed with something simple yet inviting .
tr	NNS	" Don 't you have any new tricks ? "
tr	NNS	Walking hand in hand , he carried their folding chairs , while she held on to their food .
tr	NNS	Ben had his suspicions about that cough , but then he dismissed that problem .
tr	NNS	Why does he pull such crazy stunts ?
tr	NNS	" Max has your best interests at heart .
tr	NN	Then she felt another prick , a sudden sharp pain that faded into nothingness .
tr	NNS	I scanned my surroundings in an attempt to figure out where he could have disappeared .
tr	NN	I tuned out the broadcast and turned to Bear .
tr	NN	" I wouldn 't call it crap . "
tr	NN	Just get an engineer of some kind down here .
tr	NNS	Ricky and Evelyn had some errands to run after lunch .
tr	NNS	They 'll just give you the drugs that you can OD on later .
tr	NNS	Do you have any other relations ?
tr	NN	To apply , send brief resume to Personnel Office at above address .
tr	NN	The small display window showed antique jewelry amid dark cashmere drapes and sweeping skirts .
tr	NN	She gave a self-conscious shrug .
tr	NN	A tiny smile puckered the dimple in her cheek .
tr	NN	She dismounted her bicycle and turned up a draw between two large dunes .
tr	NNS	He dug his fingernails into Ty 's thighs .
tr	NN	Then , hastily , anticipating the objection .
tr	NNS	With chattering teeth , they collected the various items needed for the climb .
tr	NNS	To shake off those trappings of responsibility .
tr	NNS	Bringing herself under control , she matched his coolness .
tr	NNS	How many fathers and lovers have I slaughtered ?
tr	NN	Not that I took any heed of what she was saying .
tr	NN	Someone else can wear the helm . "
tr	NN	Eagerly , he seized one nipple in his mouth as his right hand fondled her other breast .
tr	NNS	Remembering his manners , he hastily straightened the covers on the bed .
tr	NNS	As the teens all chanted this ancient word of power , they heard pages rustling , and a faint scent of bookbinder 's glue .
tr	NNS	That I can do a child 's tricks now ?
tr	NNS	The reports had showed fake versions of himself being burned in effigy or hung from flagpoles .
tr	NNS	" Many of those songs have difficult arrangements , and your group moves through them as if they are no trouble at all . "
tr	NN	And ... you trashed my pizza ? "
tr	NNS	Justice has many clients , and we can 't always assume that it is metered out fairly by those who dispense it .
tr	NNS	She would tease any man 's senses .
tr	NNS	Most conductors took the opening measures far too quickly .
tr	NNS	I have other houses which I think are infinitely more pleasing , although not so convenient to town . "
tr	NN	" Do you remember your oath to the Diplomatic Corps ?
tr	NNS	She made little embarrassing noises like hiccups as she shuddered atop him .
tr	NN	The desire to click on the video monitor made his right eye twitch , but he refrained and forced himself away from his surveillance room .
tr	NNS	The fire lit up the areas closest to it and cast macabre shadows over the rest of the shrubbery and trees .
tr	NN	That ancient artist may have etched this valley in gold for no other reason than that it appealed to him .
tr	NN	Give me a task ! "
tr	NN	Ian opened his menu and , while he glanced at it , he tried to explain his words .
tr	NNS	She added a few apples and a couple cans of green beans , but that was about the extent of her shopping budget for the week .
tr	NN	Noelle tapped a limp ringer against her temple .
tr	NNS	Not to mention those eyelashes .
tr	NNS	Gia took the dogs into the house while Brian went over to Rose 's .
tr	NN	Tell me , how would you improve this little café ? "
tr	NNS	From the road you can see the holding pens for the sharks used for research .
tr	NNS	" So why the roses ?
tr	NNS	I love those chocolates . "
tr	NN	I squeezed a dab of red paint into my palm and then smeared it across the mahogany dresser top until my hand bumped into the poinsettia .
tr	NNS	Even if Lacy felt ready for commitment herself , she would suffer no illusions about Jason .
tr	NNS	We 'd watched eleven other girls die because of us , and don 't think we were so callous that we didn 't care .
tr	NNS	I had used telekinesis to slam the door .
tr	NNS	When it whistled , she poured two cups and they went to the sitting room .
tr	NNS	" Did you clean out the filters yet ? "
tr	NN	The thought of striking out on my own in Dublin or even , God forbid , London , struck terror in my heart .
tr	NN	I squeezed my fork , feeling all kinds of awkward .
tr	NNS	" We have the fingerprints and DNA reports found at the murder scenes in Bedford , Cupertino , Quebec , and San Francisco .
tr	NNS	She was wearing a blue floral sundress , definitely not something she owned , and was barefoot .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	I laid aside my own objections and fears about my parents ; Balthazar 's plan was the best we had .
tr	NN	I heard every low growl when he slid inside , along with every tortured groan when he slid out .
tr	NN	" Give me a pen . "
tr	NNS	But the gunslinger knew the forms of speaking quite well and did not think the boy would have to use the jawbone mojo .
tr	NNS	We 're sitting ducks . "
tr	NNS	In between tests I took big swallows from a can of Diet Coke balancing on the bathroom sink .
tr	NN	I asked brightly , already rolling Miranda inside .
tr	NNS	I didn 't know many bodyguards in general , but I imagined Talbott was really good at his job .
tr	NNS	The man could seduce the dragon gods out of their gold if he set his mind to it .
tr	NNS	I push back a good six inches towards the headboard .
tr	NN	Moments later , he found his own release , his arms pulling her legs higher and he couldn 't believe how long his orgasm lasted .
tr	NNS	It showed several students , including my mom , walking out of the studio and carrying their mats .
tr	NN	St. John could not have eluded justice all these years without some assistance .
tr	NN	From the moment they 'd met , she 'd played havoc with his heart .
tr	NNS	I 'm making some changes around here .
tr	NN	Ryan and his two scientists watched the loading from the concrete apron below the aircraft .
tr	NNS	She would go through the motions when in a social situation .
tr	NNS	Apparently , he had multiple talents and one of them was extremely debilitating .
tr	NNS	" Must I remind you gentlemen , that it is the King who summoned us ?
tr	NNS	I freed the other two Vampires , then removed their restraints .
tr	NNS	One takes only small bites , making sure to eat a piece of bread between to clear away the taste .
tr	NN	Helen gave a snort at that .
tr	NNS	Even in driving rain , local people kept their coats on in church .
tr	NNS	I meant no rudeness . "
tr	NN	In the early afternoon , the expedition mounted a hill from which they could overlook the valleys behind them to the south .
tr	NN	I slide down the refrigerator until my butt meets the floor , and I inhale .
tr	NNS	Nonetheless , I dutifully followed the directions and ended up in the Villa 's guest parking lot .
tr	NN	They had made a pact to set a timer when they kissed so they wouldn 't get too involved .
tr	NNS	" We have seeds and such with us . "
tr	NNS	" I need the canisters to emulate rising acidity levels in the ocean . "
tr	NN	Trill switched off the video .
tr	NNS	My beloved boss always had his connections , and he 'd chuckle with me on the phone about the information that came his way .
tr	NNS	Josie changed tracks effortlessly .
tr	NNS	He scanned the bare treetops for the bright eyes of the owl that had called before , but saw nothing .
tr	NN	Carter did not enter the temple , because none but the Veiled Queen is permitted to do that .
tr	NN	Sye had never seen such a wristwatch before .
tr	NNS	Stanton put his palms on the door behind him , arms hanging beside his body .
tr	NN	I could feel Andrew 's scorching glare , and I didn 't even need to look at him .
tr	NN	He grabbed my butt and pressed against me harder .
tr	NNS	He put the pages in his backpack .
tr	NNS	She sent out magnetic signals .
tr	NNS	His hand was stroking Megan 's ribs , not resting on them .
tr	NNS	He 'll have left fingerprints . "
tr	NNS	India is witnessing great many changes at different levels .
tr	NN	And even if we aren 't technically at war right now , this kingdom is supporting the Queen of Rowan and Thorn .
tr	NNS	" Part of the fun of cooking , Dave , is choosing the vegetables , cuts of meat and so on . "
tr	NN	" I hope you enjoy your stay in our little town , " Celia told Chip .
tr	NN	Eli took the dagger and cut each of them diagonally across the hand .
tr	NNS	I have been working on it for such a long time , " he defended his actions .
tr	NN	" This time , " Niu insisted , " there really could be contraband material aboard the Empress .
tr	NN	It will require perfect timing .
tr	NN	Jonas has the Gate and the Protector .
tr	NN	Granted , neither one of us could hold a tune , but we didn 't care .
tr	NN	Frank gave him one more pat then sat back .
tr	NN	Claire folded the last item .
tr	NN	I open the tin of pineapple slices as Mia explains to her mother how silly she was for thinking the tooth fairy forgot about her .
tr	NNS	My uncle gave the most awkward hugs in history .
tr	NNS	Blunt the knives and bend the forks !
tr	NN	He sends us daily intelligence .
tr	NN	Winston pushed the sensation away from his consciousness and retrieved the backpack .
tr	NNS	She pushed the covers back and stumbled out of bed .
tr	NN	I have a third version on hand that is for expectant mothers or anyone who is taking a blood thinner .
tr	NNS	Eric was wearing silk boxers .
tr	NN	I threw down my towel and walked out .
tr	NN	Horrified , Haven ripped the kitten from his hands , taking it back .
tr	NN	He tugged the Velcro closure at the neck of her wetsuit open and began to peel the sandy suit down Jackie 's still shaking body .
tr	NN	" Aye , we 'll set a new precedent .
tr	NNS	I don 't do stains anymore .
tr	NNS	To be honest , that gives me the creeps . "
tr	NN	They sang ' Happy Birthday ' so lustily that the restaurant included them in the complimentary drink .
tr	NN	Earth 's soldiers inside captured alien artifact !
tr	NN	Close to two hundred dolls , each rare and unique , a haphazard , eclectic collection .
tr	NN	Zoe gave an exaggerated shudder .
tr	NNS	They checked the monitors and wheeled a machine closer to the bed .
tr	NN	In a fit of desperation , I grabbed Lux 's ponytail and yanked back hard .
tr	NN	Powerhouse could 've stopped an airplane going in reverse .
tr	NN	He did an ultrasound and saw the placenta was separating from the uterine wall - Am I getting too gross for you here ? "
tr	NNS	The woman stumbled backwards .
tr	NN	What kind of man would put a known criminal in charge of a major branch of government ?
tr	NN	A huge wall of fire filled a wide chasm in the rock and rose into the air as far as I could see .
tr	NN	Give me some credit .
tr	NN	" Quickly , Samuel , dispatch a troop of Guardians to the Philadelphia vortex . "
tr	NNS	The huge wolf at her side bared his fangs and nudged her away from the scent .
tr	NNS	" Disaster , " she said , " can take so many different forms . "
tr	NN	" I did you a favor by taking the Summer girl in , darling .
tr	NNS	" Does it have other blossoms ? "
tr	NN	I rang up her purchase .
tr	NNS	They either host blog tours , do book reviews , guest posts , etc. .
tr	NN	The winner will receive the crown and be dubbed Kings of the Pacific .
tr	NNS	She didn 't want the juices dribbling down her chin .
tr	NN	He could still smell the fragrance of her hair and skin from the hours he 'd spent wrapped around her while she 'd dozed .
tr	NN	In Tavi 's experience , though , very few people had sufficient respect for the destructive capacities of the gentler crafts .
tr	NN	Him bein ' an attorney , he needs to be close to the courthouse . "
tr	NN	I occasionally catch a glimpse of myself in other people 's lives but I 'm quite skilled at forgetting things . "
tr	NNS	Aphrodite dealt two more cards to each man and Isaac picked them up without much hope .
tr	NNS	I sell gourmet olive oils and whatnot .
tr	NNS	She has fashion magazines everywhere , so I move them to clear a space .
tr	NN	Sounds like an efficient tool of castration .
tr	NNS	Pressing her against the wall , he opened her thighs , grinding against her core with the massive hardness his pants barely contained .
tr	NNS	" Do you know that , last time , they threw away the plates that our very touch had profaned , once we were gone ? "
tr	NNS	I pull out my compass from my bag , sliding my hand past the light brown leather pouch as I reach for the round object .
tr	NN	He finally reached a spacious foyer whose windows gave onto a beautiful garden .
tr	NNS	The mere fact that you have been able to channel it into something useful speaks volumes about your talent .
tr	NN	I could not help but notice the silence emanating from the back seat , like a dark cloud expanding and enveloping me .
tr	NN	He had a full dossier on the president 's daughter , but almost nothing regarding the baby she carried .
tr	NN	" I 'll catch fish for mother and the boys , and one for Silva . "
tr	NNS	However , I 'll give you his addresses . "
tr	NNS	Then , on impulse , she pulled out the directions and copied Edward 's address onto one of Crescent Moon 's business cards by the register .
tr	NNS	I 'd be taking antibiotics for a couple of weeks , but other than that I 'd be fine .
tr	NN	The bag of blood hadn 't touched his hunger .
tr	NN	He swallowed back the instant knot in his throat .
tr	NNS	He had been given oats and water , and looked ready for the return trip .
tr	NN	" But now I have another task .
tr	NNS	I noticed the burns for the first time .
tr	NNS	She found several other reports of attacks , but none that stood out as premeditated .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not kidding Cass . "
tr	NN	When he spoke , his voice carried a lilting quality usually reserved for singers .
tr	NN	Dorothea stopped pacing and stared at her cousin through narrowed eyes .
tr	NNS	When Hanna and Mike pulled up to Mr. Marin 's office building , at least fifty protesters clogged the sidewalks .
tr	NNS	His small fingers caressed the spines of the books , as if trying to absorb their plots .
tr	NNS	" Do you never take your meals separately ? "
tr	NNS	She waited fifteen yards behind him , blending in the shadows .
tr	NNS	Those last moments will make all your hope fade .
tr	NN	Liam couldn 't help but admire her physique .
tr	NN	" Jace target the tower . "
tr	NNS	Instead I got seven polite knocks .
tr	NNS	His family name had its black marks and Kathy did live in the rental house .
tr	NNS	That way losing one ship doesn 't lose all our supplies . "
tr	NNS	" I 've been making some investments lately . "
tr	NNS	I did beauty spells .
tr	NN	I ordered a slice of the cake that had lured me and asked for a warm-up for my tea .
tr	NNS	He 'd had numerous chances to do that .
tr	NNS	Weird out-of-this-world vehicles and soldiers were blasting targets and performing high speed maneuvers in a fish bowl type of space .
tr	NN	He loves the bustle and life of the city .
tr	NNS	We 'll show those fat cats in government what the people can do !
tr	NNS	Inez was sizing up our surroundings with a critical eye and didn 't look impressed .
tr	NNS	Do not put down the shields unless you have no other choice -- please , my beautiful .
tr	NN	" Not even to defend the valley ?
tr	NN	In the Library Bar , my eyes met the bartender first .
tr	NN	She picked up a dead fish .
tr	NNS	I can see the excuses running through his mind .
tr	NN	Like Boggs , they had known the enemy hunger from birth .
tr	NN	When James was done Sonny asked him , " Can you make a green star , just like that , on the other eye ? "
tr	NNS	" And he based his assumptions on ? "
tr	NNS	" We can attack his ships . "
tr	NN	Leave my mommy alone ! "
tr	NNS	" The healers can 't handle all these patients by themselves .
tr	NN	Daemon held the mare back and watched the girl and horse circle the field .
tr	NN	She has even more potential than I. Samhain looms next , and the skin between the living and the dead will become thin and taut .
tr	NNS	" You can visualise outcomes .
tr	NNS	I have too many other powers that would eliminate shifting from my heritage .
tr	NNS	His grey hair was shoulder-length , he wore only black Nehru suits .
tr	NNS	She monitored the official Guard stations constantly using tech she had cobbled together from the company .
tr	NN	Bates drew his pistol .
tr	NNS	Keeping my eyes closed , I kept the shields up but followed the bond to Seth .
tr	NNS	Ken chose brass knuckles for his weapon .
tr	NN	You cannot turn even the darkest of souls in their hour of need .
tr	NNS	We dropped our packs and again planned out and implemented our defense .
tr	NNS	When he 'd sucked off the crumbs from a sugar cookie .
tr	NN	She pulled out her silver compact and popped it open with her finger .
tr	NNS	Lose any supplies ? "
tr	NNS	This group contains all spells of foretelling and scrying .
tr	NNS	You can 't fool moms .
tr	NN	What came into view a couple of heartbeats later made my stomach clench and I gasped , releasing a flood of bubbles .
tr	NN	Giving the impression of an artificial material .
tr	NNS	Even I could see they aimed to flank or surround us , to divide or disperse our defenses .
tr	NN	I gave a small shrug .
tr	NNS	Blue surveyed their surroundings .
tr	NNS	He hung the deer he 'd killed upon a rack , and slit the skin , and deftly peeled it back .
tr	NNS	I fumbled the coins into the slot and pressed the Coke button .
tr	NN	Lucien clutched the dagger in his hand .
tr	NN	As the sword came for him his vision caught a glimpse of something , a glint of steel that entered the edge of his vision .
tr	NN	He shoved back the shower curtain and discovered she 'd neatly replaced the showerhead after her little orgy .
tr	NN	At that moment , Amelia and Allegra cantered over the hill and streaked past them .
tr	NNS	If you can conjure up things , why don 't you conjure up the winning lottery numbers ? "
tr	NN	" Who else would suffer such treatment ?
tr	NN	Each of us has a universe . "
tr	NN	She had the appointment for the abortion when she told me !
tr	NNS	" I love cats , and none of us are allergic .
tr	NN	Still she kept her resolve , determined not to lose the opportunity , if any existed .
tr	NNS	" Dorian , if the elves ' protective spells are so powerful , why haven 't you put spells around all of the villages ?
tr	NN	We 'd added the addition above the garage at the last minute when Liza and I had decided we needed a more private master suite .
tr	NNS	With journal in hand I redoubled my efforts up the corkscrew .
tr	NN	Then seeing the frightened countenance of the businessman the baron said : " Don 't you worry .
tr	NNS	One of the cooks liked the country music stations ; Bob 's wife , Patty , in her forties , was partial to the 80s station .
tr	NN	Some guy in a white tuxedo was playing Darlene 's baby grand piano .
tr	NNS	I looked past Dobson at my real enemies .
tr	NNS	" Get your team 's needed supplies in order and then get some rest .
tr	NNS	The bouncer gives me a once over and then stares at my eyes .
tr	NN	I put the postcard on the table next to the other presents he sent me , and just stare at them for long seconds .
tr	NN	" What the fuck would he do ?
tr	NNS	I had novels to write with Roman characters .
tr	NN	Gripping the wheel , she fought the slow , dreamlike skid until the car came lurching to a stop .
tr	NNS	Immediately , a cacophony of activity flooded her senses .
tr	NN	" And I really like this lab . "
tr	NNS	Take these antibiotics to prevent infection for the next ten days .
tr	NNS	I will lay our cards on the table . "
tr	NN	She could speak the language of the Norse now , but with an accent .
tr	NN	The minibus driver flicked his butt into the grass .
tr	NNS	They also had soft helmets and night vision glasses , which made the perfect disguise ; and of course , we took their ray guns .
tr	NN	His tongue speared through her lips , commanded her compliance .
tr	NNS	To her despair , the rain had washed away the tracks left by her tribe !
tr	NNS	She picked up two goblets and handed one to Edwina and one to Luna .
tr	NNS	" You may have complete disregard for my authority , young ladies , but perhaps some of your , your comrades care about their college applications ! "
tr	NNS	I had made examples of a fair number of Asturian dukes over the centuries , after all .
tr	NN	Did they have an Orb with them -- a round stone just small enough to hold in one hand ? "
tr	NN	Did you have success there ? '
tr	NNS	Even private homes have surveillance cameras inside them placed by the Council to monitor social behavior .
tr	NNS	I 'll send you all the relevant data .
tr	NNS	I could not attend my classes for the last four days .
tr	NNS	She 'd made arrangements with a shipping company to come for her things in the morning .
tr	NN	" You want forgiveness . "
tr	NN	" I mean poor Ashley , whatever could have happened to her ? "
tr	NN	" What have I broken nurse ? "
tr	NN	Because that definitely wasn 't what I had gotten a glimpse of .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of something swaying .
tr	NNS	I make this cheerleader motions with my arms and it gets him to laugh .
tr	NN	That required another code .
tr	NNS	" You don 't like wolves . "
tr	NNS	But why would we want the whiskers to shimmer ?
tr	NNS	" Promise me you won 't take any more chances , Kitty .
tr	NNS	He twirled his wineglass by the stem and avoided her gaze .
tr	NN	The sensation lands in my belly like a bolt of lightning .
tr	NN	I have wine , soda , fruit juice ... " " Do you have any coffee ? "
tr	NNS	We always incorporate bits of reality into our dreams .
tr	NN	It gives visitors a bad impression . "
tr	NN	I ask , noting with dismay that my mother is fast approaching , a scowl on her face .
tr	NN	Ashe dumped his backpack on the kitchen island and set about making a peanut butter sandwich .
tr	NNS	We were discussing the crowds of people .
tr	NN	The young girl views her Mama .
tr	NN	She dropped the towel on the tiny puddle and turned the knob .
tr	NNS	They had metal arm bands around their upper arms with heavy round blades protecting their shoulders .
tr	NN	But it didn 't trouble Maryanne .
tr	NNS	" We 've got three armies converging on this place .
tr	NNS	A Temple Minor could have as many as a hundred thousand members , with smaller local Missions consisting of thousands of members .
tr	NN	Neither one could speak the other 's language ; he had a vision of them simply sitting and staring at the walls until the candles burned down .
tr	NN	" Why do you keep apologizing ?
tr	NN	The boy tied the ox to a fence post .
tr	NN	If she had looked up , she would have seen Jim 's face drain of color .
tr	NNS	Just follow my directions now , get exercise , eat healthy and relax .
tr	NN	He held a shoe in front of him as if were a sacred object .
tr	NN	I straighten my spine , clasp my hands behind my back as I wait for my bride to make her appearance .
tr	NNS	He smiled down at me , his grey eyes shining with the light reflected off the little fixtures on my installation .
tr	NNS	He shot a few coins , and heard a satisfying grunt of pain .
tr	NNS	If you want to convince her of those things , best have allies . "
tr	NN	He felt her flood with it , hurtling toward completion .
tr	NNS	" I got off the drugs because of this ... it 's almost impossible to control this thing if you 're using .
tr	NN	I now control the element of darkness .
tr	NN	Though by nature shy , I felt no reluctance in stripping bare so high up -- since I knew well enough how to stay hidden from sight .
tr	NNS	Sure , they could have hidden cameras , but why gamble on the loss of a business over something so trivial ?
tr	NNS	Then she clapped the snakes mouth shut .
tr	NN	" Why Deacon , you 've picked up my paint !
tr	NN	Clay called his old pal at The Wall Street Journal and leaked the news .
tr	NN	I 've no proof of that . "
tr	NNS	We set the pots up , filled them with water from a hose , and let them cook through the night .
tr	NNS	Ms. Olson and Rhapsody had been bringing them changes of clothes and toiletries .
tr	NNS	I have all the cameras from the author 's house and audio feeds as well as a backup of his computers .
tr	NN	' I have my duty now , Anna .
tr	NNS	My stomach turned nauseous at just the thought of that night and the things that were said and done outside that tent .
tr	NNS	The Author holds exclusive rights to this work .
tr	NN	Joshua gave Mister the command to return and he dropped the cat and was soon sitting by his side once again .
tr	NN	He had an agenda regarding Rina , but it had been pushed to the back burner by real feelings he hadn 't anticipated .
tr	NNS	Inwardly the child exhibited all the fears and damage of an abused individual .
tr	NN	Local languages still represent most dialogue , and there are over a million different languages in the Federation .
tr	NNS	Wendy Johnson is cleaning the cushions .
tr	NN	But he couldn 't reach the scientist , the two ugly creatures were quicker than he had believed , and they embraced him .
tr	NNS	I remembered the boxers I was wearing when he pulled me out of the house and blushed .
tr	NN	" You have a handful of darts .
tr	NNS	She , d even made arrangements for her brothers to be paid the money they would have received in the event of a sale .
tr	NNS	Death left no tracks , but there were the faint outlines of booted footprints .
tr	NNS	Dax ran blindly , once or twice having to double back seeking another exit .
tr	NNS	The delicious smell ravaged her senses triggering hunger pangs .
tr	NNS	" How many missions have you done ? "
tr	NNS	We appreciate your efforts on behalf of the city , but the current situation calls for a different kind of leadership than Your Majesty can provide .
tr	NNS	" Use your natural skills , " Grant went on , " in a way that isn 't a constant drain on me . "
tr	NN	He made the inquiry from standing within the confines of the door frame .
tr	NNS	As though the sky started to cry , Marwan felt the first drops of rain sprinkling for the night on his head and arms .
tr	NNS	He 'd made all sorts of promises to her .
tr	NNS	Both boys finished their sandwiches and settled back to watch the buskers .
tr	NN	That left him no option but to call Gregor and tell him to bring the files to Laura 's house .
tr	NNS	An outside observer would have seen two disks , flying at close to 800 miles per hour whispering across the water .
tr	NN	Twirling it open , he gave her an evil smirk .
tr	NN	She pokes her umbrella in McKnight 's direction .
tr	NN	Doesn 't exactly help our reputation , and the population is dwindling .
tr	NNS	He picked up some candles and bubble bath from another store and would have those delivered as a complimentary package from the motel .
tr	NN	" I have an establishment to run .
tr	NN	" Into the lab . "
tr	NNS	And yet here she was stumbling backwards and falling over like the usual Henrietta would .
tr	NNS	So they opened their mouths and tried to accomplish that which only God can do : change hearts .
tr	NNS	Before they reached the tracks Neil could see several troopers standing guard .
tr	NNS	She lifted the mattress and retrieved a box .
tr	NNS	They both hit their targets , making it into a simultaneous attack .
tr	NNS	She knows all sorts of gossip . "
tr	NNS	I served meals in Tacoma at the homeless shelter . "
tr	NN	" People give priority to what 's important to them . "
tr	NN	Sensing that the tiger is within striking distance , the buck takes the only option it has and begins to cut slightly into the water .
tr	NNS	There were restored photographs from their childhood showing Beatrice and Jessica and Miss Queenie as girls .
tr	NN	She tossed a pen on the desk , a fragile approach behind the glasses , a sad walk .
tr	NNS	I 've already made arrangements with Alexis and her parents .
tr	NNS	What other leads do we have ? "
tr	NNS	The United States would have cut off funds if religious persecution began , and Russia needs foreign aid .
tr	NNS	Pull your pockets out and drop your pants .
tr	NN	The phoenix had planned his trap carefully .
tr	NN	The way he had his jaw set right now was emphasizing his facial perfection .
tr	NNS	My reaction drew some stares because I usually played it so cool .
tr	NN	A minute later , the girls have gotten JJ to lift Drew off the ground , and they duct tape his wrists and ankles to the wall .
tr	NNS	The new shoes did wonders for distracting her from the emotional pain .
tr	NNS	I checked their security cameras and found the rooms where they held prisoners .
tr	NNS	Her gaze took panicked trips around the room and she was close to the point of snapping at him when he spoke .
tr	NN	Damion gave a single clap and pointed at Christophe , " Sharp as a tack !
tr	NN	We are talking the likely involvement of Pandora .
tr	NN	" When might you have a verdict ?
tr	NNS	New patients and new blood fill the halls of Sanctuary .
tr	NN	Damn the meddlesome witch .
tr	NNS	' That 'll do , problem sorted ' .
tr	NNS	It has taken me centuries to learn it , but I have no power to change anything .
tr	NN	And she pulled a tape measure out of her purse .
tr	NNS	I could only imagine his arguments .
tr	NN	Chase nipped her earlobe with his teeth .
tr	NNS	Grabbing a sandwich , Frank brought the coffees over to the bed , and sat on the hard , straight backed chair he 'd put there earlier .
tr	NNS	" But you have centuries to do so . "
tr	NNS	Smiling , he raised his wineglass in a salute .
tr	NN	I have another appointment . "
tr	NNS	" Please accept my apologies .
tr	NN	The four-story building housed his forty-seven foot cabin cruiser , the Pamela , with room for two more .
tr	NN	Release your captive and repent of your evil . "
tr	NN	Sighing , Liam ducked a low hanging apple branch and went deep into the woods to follow the eager dog .
tr	NN	What can the artist tell the scientist ?
tr	NN	Clearly , he hadn 't yet learned his lesson about picking his spot or moment .
tr	NN	Gwendolen enjoyed the riding , but her pleasure did not break forth in chat and laughter as it had with Rex .
tr	NNS	" Dang , how many bombs do they have ? "
tr	NN	He holstered his Glock pistol and picked up an Uzi from the small dry storage compartment .
tr	NNS	The men groaned and pulled , their faces growing purple with the effort .
tr	NN	Everyone lauded her sweetness and gentleness as much as her beauty , and they were right to do so .
tr	NNS	She could feel tendons and muscle straining , and drool spattered her as her fingers sank into the rotten meat of the thing 's being .
tr	NNS	She arranged their food supplies on a low table , while Quinlan shoved the chairs around to make more room .
tr	NN	" At least I 'm getting credit for all my appearances . "
tr	NN	He didn 't recognize the sensation right away , but he was stunned .
tr	NNS	I want a million dollars by eight p.m. tonight or I will kill her . "
tr	NNS	I had few doubts that reinforcements had come in not long after we had left .
tr	NN	Following Alec down the hallway , Eve read the gilded lettering on the glass doors as they passed them .
tr	NN	He won his military 's loyalty through action , however ruthless ... .
tr	NN	Caden gave my arm a light squeeze before letting go .
tr	NN	Maggie disconnected and slumped one hip against the stone balustrade that contained the majestic stone terrace facing the sea .
tr	NN	From farther back in the alley , she could see only a narrow slice of Main Street .
tr	NN	He wouldn 't leave the dragon behind to die sick and alone within the Vault .
tr	NN	I shoved the cloth to his wound with all my might .
tr	NNS	That I will promise you , " Song said passionately .
tr	NN	Connie lifted another branch , then sucked in a breath .
tr	NN	Had we been in Virginia , I would have enjoyed the walks .
tr	NNS	Well , I know some tricks there , sir .
tr	NN	Before he could say anything more , she clarified her meaning by pressing a long wrought-iron brooch pin against his jugular vein .
tr	NNS	Most who were kept their trailers on the farms where they boarded their horses , necessitating yet another trip on our part .
tr	NN	In any case , he couldn 't help his humor as he realized that he was hearing people 's last words .
tr	NNS	I slid off the mattress and climbed down the ladder .
tr	NN	I 've hired a private nurse to come to your apartment daily to tend to you and make you comfortable . "
tr	NN	" Whose style do you admire most ?
tr	NNS	She would have expected plain white briefs .
tr	NN	" I can 't offer any concrete proof .
tr	NN	Holding the amulet in his long , slender fingers Viper regarded the troll with a lift of his brows .
tr	NNS	No man had ever left her breathless before .
tr	NNS	She would make her excuses and take the train back to Dublin .
tr	NN	And it 's only taken up temporary lodging here too , forming what we falsely think is us around it .
tr	NNS	He 'd already had his suspicions confirmed : Peruvian , worth eight whatevers in Peru .
tr	NNS	Two weeks later , another chain , Motel Eight , bought the assets of Restful Bowers .
tr	NNS	He shoved the breaks again and said , " What 's with the traffic this time of night ? "
tr	NNS	Byron 's large hands cupped her buttocks , pressed her tightly to him .
tr	NNS	She took several deep breaths , fighting so that the tears in her eyes wouldn 't overflow .
tr	NN	She could feel the flow of the wind around her , sense the echo of sounds from the hard surfaces reverberating in the night air .
tr	NNS	She opened her senses slowly .
tr	NNS	As Rachel approached the front doors , she saw security guards , policemen and German Shepherd dogs lining the entrance .
tr	NNS	" You 're making this so easy , Perry . "
tr	NNS	They like young folks recruiting young people for a long time job .
tr	NN	I stuff the lime slice in my mouth , shuddering , and suck hard to rid myself of that awful tequila taste .
tr	NN	Even in the dark , I could make out the annoyance on her face .
tr	NN	He picked up the plastic file given to him by Patricia Dawson and flicked it open .
tr	NN	" Only a few days ago you couldn 't stop bickering . "
tr	NNS	" Come on , lads , " she told the dragons .
tr	NN	The police officer wasn 't wearing his uniform , and he didn 't hold a weapon .
tr	NNS	Then she looked in my eyes , her mouth agape , her fangs retracting .
tr	NNS	Tell me beautiful Chloë , what is bothering you ? "
tr	NNS	" I 'm inviting everyone so heck , " I pulled out two dollars .
tr	NNS	You placed yourselves down on the priority list and probably impaired your abilities in your quest for answers in order to help others . "
tr	NN	Struggling to her knees , she wiped her temple on her shoulder .
tr	NN	A frisson of warning skated down his spine .
tr	NNS	" He could die , honorably and allow the families to reign in peace . "
tr	NNS	He took her sandals in one hand and lifted them out of the water .
tr	NN	After she 'd answered a few more questions , I replaced the receiver .
tr	NN	Will propped a hip against the sink , watching us .
tr	NNS	My apprehension about this new school could probably fill five pages , but I managed to keep it at one .
tr	NN	She gently brushed the linen tablecloth with the tips of her fingers and the sadness enveloped her again .
tr	NNS	Each of their companies spent millions in Washington on various groups trying to reform tort laws so that responsible companies like themselves could be protected from litigation .
tr	NNS	The mooks fired a few shots , but of course were unable to hit the men .
tr	NNS	That way I could stock the ingredients .
tr	NNS	Altair used the roofs to follow townspeople as they made their way to the square and saw the expressions they wore , overheard their conversations .
tr	NNS	Therefore in a medal competition , for results purposes only , ladies add these 2 adjustments shots to their handicaps to lower their net score .
tr	NN	Pia felt her heart squeeze .
tr	NNS	Zeus made two cups and set them down on the large table .
tr	NN	I curled a strand of her hair through my fingers , and she leaned her cheek against my hand .
tr	NN	Hoped they would confront their humanity .
tr	NNS	His eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	NN	He wanted the encounter over with before Brick could engage him in further conversation .
tr	NN	Only then a Hale had ordered the quartermaster to kill the president of the United States .
tr	NN	I checked the caller ID .
tr	NN	I know a snake when I see one . "
tr	NNS	Kate hooks her thumbs through her belt loops and grins at us .
tr	NN	I don 't want everyone eavesdropping on our business . "
tr	NN	" What the fuck was that ? "
tr	NN	R.B. 1970 CHAPTER 5 Dave read the advertisement in the ' Plastics & Rubber Weekly ' again .
tr	NNS	picking scattered vegetables and grain off the cobblestones and out of the dark pools .
tr	NN	I would make my friends my equals .
tr	NNS	They will not have any more rights than they do now .
tr	NN	" Maybe you should take a jar of honey , just in case . "
tr	NN	She checked the car 's clock and found that she had fifteen minutes to spare before eleven .
tr	NN	Jake moved his fish into the fridge before taking his cooler outside to empty out the water and ice .
tr	NNS	But when Samuel and I arrived there , it was raining cats and dogs .
tr	NNS	The flip-flop has some teeth marks on the heel but otherwise is not too chewed up .
tr	NN	He thrust the butt of the spear at the demon , catching it in the abdomen .
tr	NN	I gave a lopsided shrug and kept my arms locked around my knees .
tr	NNS	No matter where she was , in Scotland or the new world , she had obligations .
tr	NN	" Wells will bring you something straightaway . "
tr	NN	You looked heartbroken . "
tr	NN	These modern era humans had truly mastered unarmed combat .
tr	NN	Terry saw the humor in her statement and chuckled .
tr	NNS	The director had reviewed the various potential contacts here and selected Amur specifically because of discrepancies in his behavior in the past .
tr	NNS	' What if we get DNA samples from their toothbrushes ? '
tr	NN	She gently pushed the swing back and forth , one leg tucked beneath her , the other pushing off from the porch .
tr	NN	And I put a small rechargeable battery in the container to tide it over during nighttime ( again , harvested from the spare EVA suit ) .
tr	NNS	" You need to learn to respect your elders , " he growled dangerously .
tr	NNS	We all put off chores .
tr	NN	None of them had ever seen a dead immortal before .
tr	NNS	Following that , he removed the scuff marks on the staircase to the upper floor and began tidying up his attic bedroom .
tr	NN	Like I 'm operating a remote controlled toy . "
tr	NN	Kicking himself , he opened his drawer to take out the coins he 'd been given that day at McGarvey 's .
tr	NNS	With a nod that suggested he was as relieved as she was , he gave her directions and left .
tr	NNS	His hands cupped her shoulder blades , his fingers stroking lightly along the material of her shirt .
tr	NNS	The orange cat-like eyes had eyelashes and eyebrows of long , sweeping yellow grasses .
tr	NNS	With the Maritime Exclusion Zone just announced , the U.S. Navy would sink any supplies of men or material from reaching California .
tr	NN	" He had brain cancer . "
tr	NNS	He killed the three vampire sisters living in Castle Dracula . "
tr	NNS	I think my insides liquefied last time .
tr	NN	City had no traffic , no cars , and no people .
tr	NN	I want that wheat unloaded before we leave . "
tr	NNS	They protect the cattle fiercely , and unless a jaguar is old or injured , it will stick to the game here in the forest .
tr	NNS	" Check out the tracks . "
tr	NN	Emma used her fork to break off a small piece and saw that it was chock-full of the dried fruit to which she objected most .
tr	NNS	They swung their spears in perfect precision .
tr	NN	Ahead of us lay a partially broken up path .
tr	NN	Chuck took a rifle off of its holder and looked over it .
tr	NN	" Over that hill . "
tr	NN	For a time , the haze would ease their grief .
tr	NN	The girl had style .
tr	NNS	The plane had issues or something . "
tr	NNS	I can touch ghosts . "
tr	NN	So you see , your duty as Sheriff is rather graver than I feared .
tr	NNS	She 'd had some serious doubts about this biker .
tr	NN	Lucian shrugged carelessly , a casual ripple of muscle and sinew that made her think of a great jungle cat stretching lazily .
tr	NNS	She gave me a thumbs up .
tr	NNS	The law is here , they are making enquiries .
tr	NN	" Did you hear the rumor ? "
tr	NN	Each drawer had an indented plastic handle , making the desk appear slightly cheaper than he suspected it actually was .
tr	NN	Angel slowly turned the ignition on and pulled out carefully .
tr	NNS	In my first period , my class teacher asked the new students to introduce themselves .
tr	NNS	Jace could see their reflections in the window behind Zachariah .
tr	NNS	Carrying the tray to the table , she served her sisters , then leaped up to get a plate of Norah 's home-baked cookies .
tr	NN	Instead , he would cross the threshold and return to an era .
tr	NN	I have no proof of the matter , but I have to at least try for your mother 's sake , for our family 's sake .
tr	NN	Where his eyes had been black and impossible to fathom , she now glimpsed hunger , a stark possessiveness .
tr	NNS	Will hooks his thumbs in his jacket pockets and nods his head toward the front gate .
tr	NNS	After a pause , Noah bumped knuckles with him .
tr	NN	He much preferred the sanctuary of home .
tr	NN	He could sense the fatigue in her voice .
tr	NN	She tossed the rib cage of the chicken onto the ground .
tr	NN	Clare suppressed the little pang she always got whenever she saw a happy family portrait .
tr	NNS	" Even regular , garden-variety nightmares produce strong physiological changes .
tr	NN	She wore a kelly green cap today , with her hair streaming through the back opening in a long tail .
tr	NN	No mere animal could make the air shudder in fear .
tr	NNS	Packs of gaunt gray wolves hunted down his foes , men said , and carrion crows spied for him and whispered secrets in his ear .
tr	NNS	" He sold health foods . "
tr	NN	The potential to stop another crash could trump her duty to keep the information confidential .
tr	NN	I now had a true ally in this war .
tr	NNS	Tam gathered the cards and wrapped them back in the silk before moving toward the doorway .
tr	NN	I wasn 't really hiring a butler , but that didn 't mean I couldn 't .
tr	NNS	Alex stood only inches away from me .
tr	NNS	God , she felt mere breaths from death .
tr	NN	I could feel his cock pressing against my opening , begging for entrance and I wanted to give it to him .
tr	NN	I had the impression that 's part of the act , part of what makes Ethan 's presentation so moving .
tr	NN	She owns a boutique over on Iberville . "
tr	NN	Sylvia 's face distorted in disgust again when she began to eye Matthew up and down , a disheveled looking man in her opinion .
tr	NN	Gloria announced my visitor by flying into the room and yelling , " Look out !
tr	NN	When I got to my room , I took a nice bath , thinking of Owen joining me in the warm suds .
tr	NNS	Guard the females . "
tr	NN	" Oh , yeah , I knew dat .
tr	NN	How could he even doubt his own goodness for a moment ?
tr	NN	Covington 's pictures hadn 't done the place justice .
tr	NNS	Angela inhaled the various forest scents and tried to steady her breathing .
tr	NNS	She was pointing directions to poor Ned , and her directions were in sharp conflict to those of Jude .
tr	NN	She let out a weak moan as she struggled to awaken from her poisonous sleep .
tr	NN	She flicked her fingernail lightly over it and smiled when his body clenched in approval .
tr	NNS	I 'll give you directions . "
tr	NNS	This new plant converted millions of gallons of salt water into fresh water for the residents of Guadalajara , Mexico .
tr	NN	Pigeon spat out his candy and waded out of the creek , his soaked jeans a much darker blue .
tr	NNS	" He is widening his research areas .
tr	NNS	They blocked the roads north and south .
tr	NNS	" And three thousand dollars ?
tr	NN	Brian tosses his beige cap onto the dashboard .
tr	NNS	Tall , stately oak trees obscured academic buildings named after long-forgotten deans and contributors .
tr	NNS	Besides the image , Lucas could see faint markings resembling words , but in a language he couldn 't understand .
tr	NN	and " Have some respect for your family ! "
tr	NNS	They cooked elaborate meals together , often experimenting with different flavors and combinations .
tr	NNS	The one exception often found the peaceful conditions of REM sleep evasive .
tr	NNS	Paul and Brian sipped their coffees in silence .
tr	NNS	He heard twin splashes as Kiska and Konstantin hit the water downstream a few yards .
tr	NN	He pulled out a thick headband .
tr	NN	Simon took the item , considered it for a moment , and then looked up at his boss quizzically .
tr	NNS	He stilled his breaths and lowered his eyes , and proceeded to recount point by point : " It was after an assignment in Angola .
tr	NNS	I tear down the halls .
tr	NN	He tossed the soap over his shoulder , but it slipped out of his hand and landed in the trees well away from its intended target .
tr	NNS	Then again , he had no leads on either the dock theft or the Wal-Mart heist .
tr	NNS	" Marinated salmon steaks and baby peas . "
tr	NN	I had a positive attitude and a lot of drive .
tr	NN	With his hands , Vad snatched a bat flapping through air , and dropped to the ground with the panicked animal between his two hands .
tr	NNS	Now if you look at the statistics on each of these you will see some interesting items .
tr	NNS	Whoever they are , they do not have super powers .
tr	NNS	Leaning against the wall , I flattened my palms .
tr	NN	" See that chimney going up the vent ?
tr	NN	" I appreciate the advice , James , but what I 'm concerned about most is creating a panic . "
tr	NNS	Could her mind be playing tricks ?
tr	NN	Annie set her menu aside .
tr	NN	Smiling , he swiftly removed a pistol from his belt and pointed it at the door .
tr	NN	Ryder ignored the redhead .
tr	NN	Each pure had an affinity to a certain element , while the Apollyon could wield control over all of them .
tr	NN	With a mischievous grin , Beth Ann picked up a nail file and then Risa 's hand .
tr	NN	" And as much as that tees me off , the fact that the emergence of this information ... this evidence soils our reputation further .
tr	NNS	When she had talked about traveling , she had mentioned five-star hotels , the best restaurants , and expensive shops .
tr	NN	" Get that plant running now !
tr	NN	You want my advice ?
tr	NN	Claire had a talent for disappearing .
tr	NN	Some legacy , I 've got nobody .
tr	NNS	Brian had lost his powers ?
tr	NNS	Right now , you aren 't gaining any points with me in the father department .
tr	NNS	He flashed his fangs .
tr	NN	" How do you like the new method of communication ?
tr	NNS	Suddenly , the two mercenaries felt water drops on their faces .
tr	NN	I entered my ID .
tr	NN	When she answered , he said , " Get the pilot on the roof .
tr	NNS	" Now no-one shall have your treasures .
tr	NN	I tucked a strand of hair back .
tr	NN	And with that , Ox was gone , his big frame swallowed up in the darkness .
tr	NNS	I had offers from a few gentleman to drive me , but honestly , I 'm not sure about the choices in this town .
tr	NNS	She picked up his sweats which lay beside his bed and placed them in the laundry basket , then continued with what had become her routine .
tr	NNS	The thought gave her the creeps .
tr	NNS	Piles of smoking debris littered the roofs of the cottages beneath .
tr	NNS	He was giving Ricki the thumbs up .
tr	NN	Hugging her , she had her diminutive head resting against my heart .
tr	NN	Beppe enjoyed his greasy breakfast whilst having a lighthearted conversation with Simon and Kiara .
tr	NNS	He could feel her thighs quivering alongside his hips .
tr	NNS	He placed the items in a paper bag .
tr	NNS	In the center of the room three bronze bins held stone balls .
tr	NN	A shiver ran up my spine at the thought , and I gave another hard tug at his shirt .
tr	NN	She 'd barely gotten a glimpse of a shoulder and arm , but she recognized those appendages .
tr	NNS	" For Olive , anything " , summed up the responses .
tr	NNS	You have my prayers to find Sarah quickly . "
tr	NNS	Before this incident , some of the planets have biomedical robots placed strategically in different castles for emergencies , such as this .
tr	NN	They were going almost due south , and that wasn 't where the war was being fought .
tr	NN	" Did he specify capture ? "
tr	NNS	Though looking into her friend 's worried eyes sent the tiniest spirals of anxiety unwinding through Melinda 's system .
tr	NNS	It sort of charged my batteries for the rest of the year .
tr	NN	She teaches fourth grade . "
tr	NN	Sean had heard that argument before , especially since Katrina .
tr	NNS	He slipped the coins into the pop machine .
tr	NN	She gave his hand a squeeze before leaving the bed to get ready for work .
tr	NNS	I 'm carrying two babies , not one . "
tr	NNS	They may have refined the designs since .
tr	NN	He opened his backpack and pulled out a portable CD player .
tr	NNS	Ray changed positions with Tyler and glanced into the opening .
tr	NNS	His hands clenched my biceps , almost so that the entire circumference of his thumb to middle finger touched .
tr	NN	" The self proclaimed ' maker of miracles ' hope to accomplish their grandest miracle to date .
tr	NN	He clearly had no liking for being reprimanded by a woman .
tr	NN	On the way back it clogged a watchman who was unwise enough to stir .
tr	NNS	" Can you give me directions to the hospital ? "
tr	NNS	Into one of the glasses Knox trickled a few drops of the yellowish liquid .
tr	NN	Odd , I didn 't get that impression the night I robbed her .
tr	NN	He righted the easel and looked at the canvas .
tr	NN	" Um , I 'll order pizza for the office ? "
tr	NNS	Meeting William Ashleigh could have serious repercussions and Daisy knew she 'd have to think about it overnight .
tr	NN	She gave a slight shrug .
tr	NNS	In caveman days , that had meant higher chances of survival .
tr	NNS	Das right , " he enjoyed the surprised responses that came from the others .
tr	NN	His hands found a broken branch on the ground , and he snatched it up , a desperate weapon for a desperate time .
tr	NNS	I 've got finals to study for and stuff ... . "
tr	NNS	She batters her eyelashes .
tr	NN	She wore a volunteer tag , pinned above her breast .
tr	NNS	Izzy said that she did too and from now on , she would be wearing her whites in Alberta .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	He must have heard the shots . "
tr	NN	" It 's important that we find the reason the North Wind was here , " he 'd told Ice .
tr	NN	It doesn 't completely get Cash off my brain , but it helps .
tr	NNS	He 'd make his excuses to Aidan and bolt from this nightmare .
tr	NNS	Chris and Melissa eagerly accepted their plates , Chris nearly salivating at the mound of meat and potatoes on his .
tr	NNS	I hear someone yell in my head .
tr	NNS	So after we crawl around in that water , I 'll need antibiotics . "
tr	NNS	The library policy requires students to scan their library card before entering .
tr	NNS	Grieg dead behind a locked door , fifty wrecked security robots , and an assassin who simply vanishes without a trace .
tr	NNS	I hit the sales racks and found bargains .
tr	NN	Pierce lowered the pistol to a safe position as the target made its way to him along a small overhead track .
tr	NNS	I met some ghosts , recently .
tr	NNS	She took great gulps of fresh air and closed her eyes in relief .
tr	NN	" I was crying hobbit . "
tr	NNS	I felt the coolness of his finger as it gently traced the scar on my finger .
tr	NNS	I counted my breaths in my head and held my eyes closed to focus just on the need to breathe and the need to be calm .
tr	NNS	Tracking device in the car confirms your suspicions .
tr	NN	The elves speak their own language .
tr	NNS	The candles ' flame was spreading , tiny pockets of flame , but there was still time .
tr	NN	Kali remembered Wes 's counsel and feigned complete ignorance .
tr	NNS	The clean scent of soap and the warm softness of her skin saturated his senses .
tr	NN	With a sudden realization , she resisted the impulse to call out for help ; their secrecy unsettled her .
tr	NNS	The footsteps separated , his attackers coming at him from either side .
tr	NNS	" Never underestimate the powers of a guardian .
tr	NNS	Standing , I pushed off my boxer briefs and reached down for her .
tr	NN	' After the way she abandoned Mama , who cares ? '
tr	NNS	He eyed both items with his one good eye .
tr	NNS	Invisible energy feathered her senses .
tr	NNS	Now it would take several large volumes to list all her blessings .
tr	NNS	What if he was saving himself the endless complications of intimacy , going back to his comfortably numb life of isolation ?
tr	NNS	Take away those powers and what are we ?
tr	NN	" I saw a shrink for years and you 've made more sense in a few minutes than she made in nearly ten years . "
tr	NN	I closed every curtain , pulled my old car in the garage and locked it up .
tr	NNS	Eek , I love surprises !
tr	NNS	" Mr. Ash , I 've signed your contracts ! "
tr	NNS	Hedges had put thirty dollars in each of their envelopes and permission slips to choose three outfits apiece from the Thrift Store .
tr	NN	Until two days ago , I didn 't think anybody even knew I was alive , other than my boss . "
tr	NN	" Exploring our potential . "
tr	NNS	He 'd liked snakes , so that part was actually kind of cool .
tr	NN	He says regretfully , his eyes on my exposed body .
tr	NNS	I could make the fires , and mend the clothes , and cook the food .
tr	NN	She liked modern furniture with clean , crisp edges and bold colors .
tr	NNS	Pick your toenails in your own room . "
tr	NNS	He 'd used his brains and determination to transform his body and build a successful company .
tr	NNS	Who did he know that ate the stuff ... the small bits easily tucked into a pocket ?
tr	NNS	Kevin took two water buckets to the lake and filled them up .
tr	NN	Kicking up straw in her wake , she fled the stall .
tr	NN	" Just a little throwing . "
tr	NN	Kate let the odd thought flow past her , too far gone to even worry about the eventual fallout when her brain clicked back on .
tr	NN	I plugged the charger into it and turned back around to face Alec .
tr	NN	Aros put the rifle to his shoulder in an attempt to cover Vega as he started to climb the stone structure .
tr	NNS	We wouldn 't need the beers so I left them in his pack and took out a can opener .
tr	NNS	She was provided weekly reports but occasionally her input , as the only shareholder , was required .
tr	NNS	In the past he had sometimes found cattle bedded there .
tr	NN	Leave the potential customer wanting more .
tr	NNS	That will trigger your talents . "
tr	NN	Alex rubs his jawline , deliberating .
tr	NN	When we got as much from him as we could , I placed compulsion to forget that we 'd been there before moving on .
tr	NN	She clutched the telephone receiver to her ear , as if that would bring Julianna closer .
tr	NN	Eric rode his motorcycle far out into the desert , shifted , and went for a run .
tr	NN	Back at the humming banks of machinery , he tore loose a handful of relays .
tr	NN	I found a stained towel and an empty box of hair dye ... and these . "
tr	NNS	In that instant , Ainsley saw loneliness in his eyes , a vast well of it , filling every space of him .
tr	NNS	But they did some other rituals , too .
tr	NN	We 're living proof .
tr	NNS	She was moving dates and appointments around in her head like a puzzle , and they were falling together about as easily as a Rubik 's Cube .
tr	NNS	He had seen horrific sites of battle , torture and death .
tr	NNS	I checked the other monitors and noticed the light was out in the front room of the Watson residence , and his vehicle was gone .
tr	NNS	I hate politics , but I hate it most when it interferes with a larger system .
tr	NNS	" Like any father worth his salt , I have protected my sons .
tr	NN	They spoke a different language , played by different rules .
tr	NN	The Gypsy had another dagger ready in his hand .
tr	NNS	Chase had no doubts that he would have if Lord Reginald had not been there .
tr	NN	She sent him a glare , irritated even more by the insolent way he was leaning against the counter .
tr	NNS	They shared their joys and their problems and Clara loved having these close female friends in her life .
tr	NNS	They form packs for protection and do their best to play human .
tr	NN	Graham gave her a growl .
tr	NN	It cost a small fortune and it had saved my life on many occasions .
tr	NN	I parted the curtain of knobbly roots and stepped out , surveying the scene .
tr	NNS	Because of her that he had not hunted Julian down and destroyed the monster that plagued their area , murdering innocents , and destroying lives .
tr	NN	" We 'll take an umbrella . "
tr	NN	I 'll have my assistant set it up at a clinic not too far from here .
tr	NNS	He held the two knives in his hands , as a priest might hold the Holy Eucharist , with reverence .
tr	NNS	In the distance I could hear dogs barking .
tr	NN	This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties .
tr	NN	Lili dipped her big toe into the water and declared the temperature perfect .
tr	NNS	I got something sticky on it . "
tr	NNS	Something about this place screamed changes for Kali , that 's me , the not so normal girl .
tr	NNS	You have trust issues . "
tr	NN	Then as he took a closer look around the room , he saw the tankard of ale and the empty goblets .
tr	NNS	She 'd cleared away the dishes , then wandered aimlessly through the house , pausing in the entrance to each room .
tr	NN	Grace gave a careless shrug .
tr	NN	I probably could , as long as I mastered the eyeliner .
tr	NN	His lopsided smile mocked his own confession .
tr	NNS	She could feel his possessiveness smoldering through their bond .
tr	NNS	They bought thick steaks , corn on the cob , two baking potatoes , chili beans , and sodas .
tr	NN	I kissed my parents goodnight and thanked them for their understanding .
tr	NNS	She liked the monkeys .
tr	NNS	I felt dizzy with expectation , of want and need , and a hundred other things as my heart pounded and my breath grew short .
tr	NN	And you have your Jumping Sword . "
tr	NNS	In the meadow he set up wires murderous not only to our kind but to humans and animals as well .
tr	NN	We don 't carry that brew .
tr	NNS	I 'm making jokes . "
tr	NNS	Gail took the roses and pressed them to her breast .
tr	NNS	" Entertain no doubts in that respect , vicar . "
tr	NN	He wore an old leather apron with a small pile of marbled pebbles on his lap .
tr	NN	Unfortunately Severance had utilized the privacy afforded in the back of the skimmer to continue with his endless commentary on the events in the bio lab .
tr	NNS	Unlike his brother , he showed no objections .
tr	NNS	The rain kept most citizens and their troublemaking out of sight , providing the mean streets of lower Manson with empty respite .
tr	NNS	" And let 's skip the booty shots .
tr	NNS	The bottom curve of Monroe Circle had no houses .
tr	NN	" We 're moving some equipment . "
tr	NNS	Other men and women too , she could see , were loading crates onto tractors , to take somewhere .
tr	NNS	Myles massaged his temples .
tr	NN	" No , but I think there is time , the visions are faint , they lack definition .
tr	NNS	" I can work wonders with a computer , Watt .
tr	NN	She brushed her toe against the mossy floor .
tr	NN	I can feel every ripple of his hard muscles .
tr	NNS	Anthony cut the wires to the alarm system while Chuckie picked the lock on the back door .
tr	NN	" So he 'll stand trial . "
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to fidget when his eyes moved to my hands .
tr	NNS	She dug those fingernails harder into her palms .
tr	NN	" The sudden death of the last son of the count spread a dull terror among the servants .
tr	NNS	Tearing her gaze from the creature , she frantically scanned the surrounding houses , trying to remember where she was .
tr	NNS	He pulled his covers up and shut his eyes , holding his stuffed Pooh Bear .
tr	NNS	" Take the first two cards off the top of the deck . "
tr	NNS	He rested the palms of his hands on the wooden table , allowing his mind to sluggishly come to life .
tr	NNS	To add insult to injury , she makes all sorts of moves on him , trying to seduce him .
tr	NN	What barbarian are you ?
tr	NN	I noticed an alcove to the left .
tr	NNS	We wrap the warm covers around us as we cuddle close together .
tr	NNS	Juliet pulled a few napkins from the dispenser .
tr	NNS	None of it was artificial either , just plain old good genetics at work .
tr	NNS	What do you think your chances of getting the kids back are then ? "
tr	NN	You can stop that chopping .
tr	NN	" Did you feed the fish ? "
tr	NN	" I was just trying a new nickname , but don 't worry you 're still Buttercup to me . "
tr	NN	Hank Mill ar 's footfalls crossed the shed behind me .
tr	NNS	" Because he 's been picking my brains about you .
tr	NNS	At the bar , Beth ordered four shots .
tr	NNS	" The woman actually looked envious : ' Honey , you 've sure got what it takes ! '
tr	NN	The energy it took to destroy her room , the futility of all this , had left her exhausted .
tr	NN	I stuck my fork into the perfectly cooked steak and popped a bite in my mouth .
tr	NNS	He 's even enacted many new policies towards progressive politics .
tr	NN	Kelly felt her pulse quicken .
tr	NNS	" We 're wiping off the dregs out now . "
tr	NN	Little to no vegetation covers the landscape .
tr	NNS	Though nothing was visible down the hall , the clacking tumult drew nearer .
tr	NNS	It took several deep breaths to calm my quaking lungs .
tr	NN	Unsolved Mysteries would have a stroke if they got a look at my X-files .
tr	NN	" He definitely had some juice , " Julian agreed , " although he seemed unaware of it . "
tr	NNS	Ever since I was a small boy , listening to the bitter fights between Natalie and Otto , I had dreaded arguments .
tr	NNS	Premo had been watching carefully the movements of Cora and deciding when he should make his move .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths to calm her nerves , motioning to one of the young messengers who helped out during battle .
tr	NNS	I don 't have those restrictions .
tr	NNS	In this vision , the night smeared jeweled reflections across wet , steaming pavement , stoplights turning from green to red .
tr	NNS	He had not raised any objections to the requirements for absolute secrecy or total obedience .
tr	NNS	I showed her the items I would be using on her , holding up the round circle of black tape first .
tr	NN	This kiss has meaning and passion behind it .
tr	NNS	Yes , I would identify the items they had found at the abandoned house .
tr	NN	She swallowed a groan when her eyes landed on her bedside alarm clock .
tr	NN	" Jerry , " Sheila interjected , " you should eat some chocolate instead .
tr	NN	Angled face , almost gaunt , sallow complexion , scar diagonally bisecting his mouth , leather mid length jacket , tan pants , work boots .
tr	NNS	Gaping at him in disbelief , Kate said , million dollars ?
tr	NN	He also has quite a collection of knives he will be taking as well as a shotgun just in case we run into trouble .
tr	NNS	He is also expanding his operations into alternative energy and sustainable systems .
tr	NN	And I returned the favor .
tr	NN	' Where do we normally move the contaminated material ?
tr	NNS	Eve directs five androids to the second floor .
tr	NNS	His body roared anew as she brushed past him , as he realized he 'd undone her blouse , had her breasts almost spilling from her bra .
tr	NN	" And stick a needle in your eye if you 're lying ? "
tr	NNS	" Seven hundred and thirty-six thousand dollars and fifty-five cents . "
tr	NN	In one deft motion , I ram my boot into his dick , crushing it .
tr	NN	She had a needle , not a pencil , in one hand , and a square of cloth instead of paper in the other .
tr	NNS	He nodded encouragingly , but she simply stared at him , looking rather frustrated .
tr	NNS	The file contained only hearsay reports of things that Jesse had told neighbors , teachers , and school friends .
tr	NN	I don 't see an appointment for your Mom .
tr	NN	Perhaps I needed an update .
tr	NNS	" We have two sites to work on today .
tr	NN	People were crossing the desert .
tr	NNS	The spectacle had attracted the other concepts .
tr	NNS	Violet eyes glittered dangerously , but then he 'd always liked a bit of danger .
tr	NNS	I abandoned my attempts at surveillance and hurried to the restroom and back to the car in record time .
tr	NNS	She wets her thumbs under the faucet and wipes mascara from underneath my eyes .
tr	NN	He freed his dagger from its ankle sheath .
tr	NN	I didn 't really want ice cream anyway , or cake .
tr	NN	Saturated with blood , the wire drips the dark red liquid consistently , a steady stream tracing its way down the line from unknown sources .
tr	NNS	One by one , I ticked off the items until there was no doubt about it .
tr	NN	Phoebe bit back the impulse to snap at Bianca .
tr	NN	I drove down the country highway , toward the beach and the wharf , puzzling this out .
tr	NNS	When they reach the bedroom and look inside Riley and Emily have distinctly different reactions .
tr	NN	" Put down your little toy , Daddy .
tr	NNS	" The one about living conditions among migrant orchard workers .
tr	NN	You and your brothers have proven your loyalty over and over .
tr	NNS	It 's got no violent natural conditions , no resources worth stealing , and it 's nowhere near the border .
tr	NN	I wore the off-white blouse , gold vest , and black pants to the shower .
tr	NNS	Otis had two monkeys that helped him grade the roads around Black Oak .
tr	NN	What the devil are you doing with that ? "
tr	NN	Then he hung the towel back on the fencing and watched the last of the IV fluid drain from the bag .
tr	NN	He took the bird in his hands , held her close for moment , and quietly spoke her name .
tr	NN	When I get home , I 'll file the article alongside my other dreams , alphabetically .
tr	NNS	I liked the changes .
tr	NN	" Which cage was she in ? "
tr	NNS	I have balls ! "
tr	NN	" Your Majesty , I 've discovered perfection ! "
tr	NN	As Lance shook her hand , Cheyenne got the impression he was sizing her up , wondering if she and Joe were romantically involved .
tr	NNS	Art more than philosophy can unfold the deep layers of reality and existence .
tr	NN	We can manipulate your brains and nerve receptacles when necessary .
tr	NNS	I 've seen many tricks from many races .
tr	NNS	You receive five hundred dollars in compensation via the second payment , two days later , once Adam gets his money . "
tr	NN	He carefully unrolled the scroll and weighted down the edges with paperweights .
tr	NN	" Can we see Sportsman 's Park ? "
tr	NN	Perhaps she had ruined the suspense of his story .
tr	NNS	They hadn 't not noticed the brother 's efforts in getting it going .
tr	NNS	She could smell sawdust and damp bricks .
tr	NN	He removed his undershirt revealing a perfectly muscular bare chest .
tr	NN	He indicated a tripod on the platform .
tr	NNS	" Maybe different stuff gives you different reactions ? "
tr	NNS	He rubbed the water drops from her skin , wanting to lick them off .
tr	NN	Her mind registered fury at the humiliation of that , then went on to more important things .
tr	NN	" Why don 't you ask your grandpa ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll handle the explosives .
tr	NN	She held a parchment scroll in her hands .
tr	NNS	I have anger management issues . "
tr	NN	She had a small sofa and coffee table .
tr	NN	I grew fond of him and looked forward to his visits .
tr	NNS	A few choked shrieks marked the efforts of a few lingering hunters .
tr	NN	He pulled the flag from the hole and did not toss it .
tr	NN	I damned up the trickle of anger that was all too ready to bubble out these days .
tr	NN	The gunners didn 't even waste any ammo .
tr	NNS	Can we hit some garage sales in the morning ?
tr	NN	She wouldn 't actually need the siding behind her building .
tr	NNS	" You eat the horses ' oats ? "
tr	NN	Count Maddock completed his circuit around the man .
tr	NN	They were chairing the reunion committee and , vain as it sounded , looking youthful was important .
tr	NNS	Then he backed off three paces and extended his hand .
tr	NNS	He didn 't do drugs .
tr	NN	She needed a steak , a bottle of overpriced red wine , and candlelight .
tr	NN	I flashed a salute at her before continuing upstream .
tr	NNS	" I 'm freezing my tits off out here . "
tr	NNS	And advanced placement classes ?
tr	NN	He shut down all his pity for these creatures and turned to deal with the commotion at hand .
tr	NNS	" You know what I love , gentlemen ? "
tr	NNS	Dear God , she sounded breathless once more .
tr	NNS	He mentioned his obligations .
tr	NNS	An indescribable sensation caused the hairs on the back of my neck to stand up .
tr	NNS	Her scent aroused the fires inside him , rage and wanting all mixed together .
tr	NN	I took a small leap here .
tr	NNS	Jake took off his eclipse goggles and picked out the man in the crowd .
tr	NNS	How they had fled from him , gunning the engines of their little cars .
tr	NN	I didn 't quite catch your meaning . "
tr	NN	She looked so beautiful , a rare , precious treasure he had treated cruelly , when he should have guarded her against the beast in him .
tr	NN	Apparently he ran a fruit stall and was married to a girl called Angie .
tr	NN	Why had Della chosen the closet ?
tr	NNS	He 's called all wolves with control issues to his estate to keep them safe .
tr	NN	It doesn 't help anybody . "
tr	NNS	Thomas couldn 't because he had to baby sit their little sister , Danielle the next few weekends .
tr	NNS	Sam scanned the medical reports of the three victims Ryland mentioned .
tr	NNS	At last they pushed their chairs back , and Bilbo made a move to collect the plates and glasses .
tr	NN	They had chosen a nondescript little café in which to meet .
tr	NN	He let the conversation flow around him , Eleanor trying to draw Antonietta out in vain .
tr	NN	" Looks a little sore but I think you 'll make it .
tr	NN	Your theory would explain our reckless offensive .
tr	NNS	Said he as they rode out of Astoria , " let us hope we have no more inadvertent witnesses , I do not need three apprentices ! "
tr	NNS	I might as well go balls out .
tr	NNS	Wasn 't like Hoppy 's pals and acquaintances around town could instantly spot the local feds , but he was still nervous nevertheless .
tr	NNS	They then followed county roads for miles kicking up dust and racing by fields of corn , milo and wheat .
tr	NNS	The waiters remove the remains of dinner and replace it with beautifully decorated pieces of cheesecake .
tr	NN	Zac immediately stopped his high pitched shrill .
tr	NNS	He jerked the shears from her hand and threw them as hard as he could out the kitchen window .
tr	NNS	" It didn 't really have any brains to fry , but it worked anyway . "
tr	NN	To sharply rupture it could mean disaster .
tr	NN	How the hell could he possibly have such an effect on me ?
tr	NNS	" Plus two cans of Coke . "
tr	NNS	I wandered the corridors a while longer , watching the excitement around me grow as voices and sounds gradually filled every nook of the impressive interior .
tr	NN	He tears open an antiseptic wipe and runs it across my cut .
tr	NN	Logan holds a paternal quality that I find irresistible .
tr	NN	With his words lingering in the back of her mind , Janelle picked up her huge backpack and made her way out the door .
tr	NN	" How am I supposed squeeze through that ? "
tr	NN	No less than eight lines secured the wing mast at various heights , again making any movement by the crew across the deck a tricky affair .
tr	NNS	He unfolded the flaps of the box of C-4 and stared inside .
tr	NNS	Trevor collected their coats and waited patiently while she ran around making sure everything was cleared away properly and that nothing was left undone .
tr	NN	Instead , he 'd broken down her resistance , bit by bit , ever patient , undemanding and kind .
tr	NNS	He sank his fangs into her wrist .
tr	NNS	Without thinking , he reached down to kiss her , their goggles clanking against each other , pain shooting through his brow and ears .
tr	NNS	She smoothed the folds in her dress and gradually made her way to the center of her living room .
tr	NNS	We should put out more patrols to see what he is doing .
tr	NNS	Clearly , he didn 't like jokes unless he was the one making them .
tr	NNS	Hoover gathered his wits , turned , and followed Bolt back to the lagoon .
tr	NN	When Aria heard the high-pitched giggle , a shiver wriggled up her spine .
tr	NNS	I forced deep breaths into my lungs .
tr	NNS	That our thoughts and actions contain no absurd contractions ?
tr	NNS	But like a man , he made violent pelvic motions showing her his dark intent .
tr	NNS	One brought armies to do such things .
tr	NNS	" Because you can order all sorts of things .
tr	NN	She untied the loose knot he made and blinked the blurry vision away .
tr	NNS	" The high school I went to in Reykjavik only had about a hundred students .
tr	NNS	Black Scorpion and Raven lit torches from the fire , and then the five began their journey into the cave .
tr	NN	" I 've had more than enough philosophy for one day . "
tr	NNS	He 'd had lovers .
tr	NN	I fought the urge , though doubtless if I did lose my food , he would take it as a further sign of weakness .
tr	NNS	We had more important rites to conduct .
tr	NNS	If all that fails , please read the journals and find the clues that were hidden from even me , for the benefit of security .
tr	NN	All we have to do is wait ' til he gets a call to go somewhere else and leaves .
tr	NN	Smiling he snapped his passport back .
tr	NN	He cupped my butt and lifted me , angling me into his working mouth .
tr	NN	She barely noticed the pistol aimed at her .
tr	NN	As if in answer , an owl cooed its sorrow .
tr	NN	I had the impression he liked being the Operative Nine .
tr	NN	He lightly patted her hip .
tr	NN	Ula used her backpack as a backrest .
tr	NNS	He had visions of the steps disappearing at some point and stepping off into nothingness .
tr	NN	I 'll give each of you a full-sized version of whichever you like more . "
tr	NNS	But I needed all my faculties at the moment .
tr	NNS	" Does she have family ties to any cartel ? "
tr	NN	She risked a peek inside the coffin .
tr	NN	He would have preferred a shorter engagement , but I wasn 't ready yet so I dragged it out as long as I could get away with .
tr	NNS	But we did have connections in other ways . "
tr	NNS	A T-shirt , very short sleeves , loose slacks , loose underpants , foot socks , open sandals .
tr	NN	He 'd had an agenda going into each encounter .
tr	NN	" Oh , by the way , I 'll be submitting an article about Dolly 's new recipe soon .
tr	NN	Blinking against the bright sun , I drag my butt out of bed and throw on an old tee and some jeans .
tr	NN	Cricket ties a long , white apron around his waist .
tr	NNS	The depth of the ocean floor on this side of the island would allow even the large cruise ships to dock . "
tr	NN	Andy has a mic with a magnetic mount but duct tape might work if the magnet doesn 't . "
tr	NNS	Both men had their special scents , and Torin 's was intoxicating .
tr	NNS	To which I 'd have no objections .
tr	NNS	Rusty had mentioned sisters .
tr	NN	" Just don 't drink the contraceptive brew during a woman 's fertile time , and it isn 't hard at all . "
tr	NN	Allie kept a vigil all night , her mind filling with all the things that could have happened to him .
tr	NN	But my therapist had an alternative proposal ; he would refrain from contacting the police because he thought I could be " cured " .
tr	NN	Someone can 't hold his ale .
tr	NNS	I swallowed then laid my palms on the table in front of me .
tr	NN	Although , I hear that you may have recalled a little more detail about the flash from the photo . "
tr	NN	The creatures covered the valley as a plague .
tr	NNS	Instead of continuing my dash for our lines , I changed directions and headed for the nearby woods , hoping I would be more safe there .
tr	NNS	Last I checked , humans don 't jump buildings .
tr	NNS	" They 're charging four dollars ?
tr	NNS	" You mean coffee dates .
tr	NNS	She wore goggles to protect herself for its effects .
tr	NNS	Hugo offered apologies with shuffles of his body , smiling all the time as though it was a future anecdote they 'd share .
tr	NN	" Verily an honour Mademoiselle ! "
tr	NNS	He flexed his biceps : he was that mad .
tr	NN	She was commemorating her leadership over her clan .
tr	NN	Anyway , getting back to my experiment , he still hadn 't regained consciousness .
tr	NNS	" But I 'm calling the interviews . "
tr	NNS	He moved toward a steel door nearly a hundred yards away .
tr	NN	Can you bounce a quarter on your bedspread after you make it ? "
tr	NNS	That done , he double-checked his numbers and then picked up an acid stylus and an etching roll .
tr	NNS	Addie 's shuttle skidded to a stop a few yards away , and I squinted at it in the sun .
tr	NNS	How , then , could a human god get dragons to join a cult that insisted on self-mutilation and the killing of young ones ?
tr	NN	The insignia on his chest indicated his rank as a junior commander .
tr	NNS	They did have four addresses of abandoned homes , and several men wrote those down to share either with the police or with other watch groups .
tr	NN	It concerned Kiya 's disappearance , of course .
tr	NNS	Chapter 60 Mrs. Ebner had just brought up tuna salad sandwiches from the cafeteria when the doctor entered the waiting room .
tr	NNS	He does not want those complications , that change .
tr	NN	Abe checked the traffic .
tr	NN	" I should have taken your virginity in a bed , but I couldn 't wait any longer .
tr	NNS	You 'll blow her brains out as soon as I turn my back . "
tr	NN	" And there goes your knight in shining armor ! "
tr	NN	She nuzzled his temple , his brow .
tr	NN	I handed over her package with a mumbled wish for happiness on her birthday , and she took my present to set it with the others .
tr	NNS	And lay off the formalities .
tr	NN	One full breath out , and one full breath in , slow and deep and suffocating , before his lips grazed the heated patch of skin .
tr	NN	Ed rolled his wheelchair backwards , making room for Susan and Brandon to enter .
tr	NN	As she turned around to look at him he saw the grief etched on her face .
tr	NNS	A minute later , she heard the Crows .
tr	NNS	But they also started indiscriminate killings through out the battle areas .
tr	NN	Getting both of them naked soon took top priority .
tr	NNS	In fact , why don 't you pull up a couple more chairs .
tr	NN	I 've never seen anybody as lucky as you . "
tr	NN	" Yeah , can I get a dessert menu ? "
tr	NNS	" I just had the carpets cleaned . "
tr	NNS	The blunt toes of her shoes kicked Abbey 's thighs .
tr	NN	" But I 've got no money , " she said worriedly , her hands searching the pockets of her pinafore .
tr	NNS	A kindle bonfire brighten their surroundings as they watched the flame danced with the cold , night breeze .
tr	NN	With the way I 'd left , I didn 't expect such a warm reception .
tr	NN	Anywhere you 'd like -- my treat . "
tr	NNS	I needed reinforcements . "
tr	NNS	He indicated his palms , holding them out before him .
tr	NNS	Tessa recollected her wits , which had been shattered by his kiss , and told herself to get moving , as well .
tr	NN	This thing had the potential to be a weapon and nowadays weapons of that magnitude had become priceless to a growing list of unsavory characters .
tr	NNS	Now , when I was a boy , we had some really severe winters .
tr	NNS	The ball of pure white light beside her was guiding her movements .
tr	NN	Thankfully , Mario kept quiet , even gave her enough respect not to look at her in the rearview mirror .
tr	NNS	She was breaking down all my defenses and she didn 't even know it .
tr	NN	It would have been considered ultramodern furniture back in the fifties .
tr	NN	She gives a huff of frustration .
tr	NN	He half expected the bird to croak out " Nevermore . "
tr	NNS	" No expectations ? "
tr	NN	Elijah finds a postcard and sits down to write , drawing a picture of the basilica above Cal 's address .
tr	NNS	Got some nice bits of beef in today .
tr	NN	He gave Eda a hefty shove and propelled both ladies inside .
tr	NN	Noelle resisted the urge to flip the small plastic switch on her own flashlight and sweep away some measure of terror with the brush of light .
tr	NN	A rock caught her toe and she fell .
tr	NNS	He filled journals in his cramped script with things Lily had said , foods she liked , childhood memories she had shared with him .
tr	NN	Gary dunked a cracker into some dip and took a bite .
tr	NN	Though we were still speeding away , I could feel the blast of heat on my face .
tr	NNS	As the current brought them together , the dead bodies exchanged greetings .
tr	NN	You deserve joy in your life .
tr	NNS	Pain prowled the corridors of his mind , sharpening its claws against the sides of his skull .
tr	NN	He held the nail that had come out of me when I healed him .
tr	NN	Before I could even ful y register the swing , his fist connected with my face .
tr	NNS	I made my excuses soon after and retired to my cabin .
tr	NNS	" I 've made arrangements for my vacation time to cover this , but I 'm going back to Salt Lake .
tr	NNS	He spread my thighs , forcing them apart and kneeled on the bed between my legs .
tr	NN	Once Jimmy had calmed down , he let out a deep yawn .
tr	NNS	Chase shifted positions slightly , slowing his pace but still driving deep .
tr	NNS	He made other efforts to restore their rational minds , but even after just two days he knew that it was a futile hope .
tr	NN	Gretchen gripped the dashboard as Nina took a sharp right turn .
tr	NN	Six grabs a slice of bread and opens a jar of Nutella .
tr	NNS	" Well , we do have condoms now . "
tr	NN	Did I not declare a truce ?
tr	NNS	He saw answering grief as tears trailed endlessly down her cheeks .
tr	NNS	All the goodies enticed Kali 's senses with their mouthwatering aromas .
tr	NNS	Us adults made our plates and settled down at the table .
tr	NN	" Off the grid ?
tr	NN	I had no faith that this move would dislodge someone of his size and strength .
tr	NN	Cautiously and defiantly , I pulled the piano wire out of the case .
tr	NNS	Until his shoulder healed , he 'd be twiddling his thumbs behind some desk and hating it .
tr	NN	When it was their turn , Jordan started off the ramp first .
tr	NNS	You got great tits , baby . "
tr	NN	On that particular occasion I 'd just watched a video of me spanking her , and was so fucking turned on we re-created it , right here .
tr	NN	I rarely play the lottery .
tr	NN	" So we got a safety net , " Bubba told me , and I patted his arm .
tr	NN	He felt an odd respect for her , for what she might have suffered at Dragos 's hands .
tr	NNS	" Yeh see any tracks ? "
tr	NNS	It had dents and chips and was worn smooth from years of use .
tr	NNS	I checked gauges and inventoried the tools and computers and lab equipment .
tr	NN	He heard her soft intake of air .
tr	NNS	The velvet folds came away , so many yards of them .
tr	NN	They found a bench in a quiet corner and began to review what had happened .
tr	NNS	Like changing the settings on a photo .
tr	NN	He felt her stiffen before she was whirling around to regard him in shocked horror .
tr	NN	Even now , I could still see her stepfather making Paige lie back on her bed while he touched her .
tr	NN	She continued her spin , remaining low , the whistle of Ron 's blade skimming over her head .
tr	NN	One thing was certain , they had a hypnotic quality I found very distracting .
tr	NN	Her body grew rigid and rage swirled in her line of sight .
tr	NNS	They heard some unusual noises coming from up here , but they figured it was none of their business . "
tr	NNS	I take fitness classes ; I want to look in shape . "
tr	NN	Then she spied her collection of scarves .
tr	NNS	Jack fired two more shots , downing another of the ruffians .
tr	NN	I admire your goodness , Kendra , and wish you no harm .
tr	NNS	I intend other volumes in this series .
tr	NN	I haven 't really ... um ... thought that out .
tr	NNS	He wore black slacks and a handsome double-breasted white shirt .
tr	NNS	He jotted down some figures on a scratch pad .
tr	NN	A chill of apprehension swept down her spine .
tr	NN	Rachel scooped up her backpack from the floor and wished her thoughts were as easy to gather .
tr	NNS	He left those niceties and games to his old man .
tr	NNS	She shook the sand from her sneakers before putting them back on , then she stood up and stretched , her face only inches from his .
tr	NNS	And I 've got three small crossbows .
tr	NNS	She lay her cards out on the floor in front of her .
tr	NNS	The same emotions and motivations governed their actions .
tr	NNS	All along the hull , there were crackling noises but at last , they felt themselves touch down .
tr	NNS	He picked up the photographs that he 'd found along with the mysterious note .
tr	NNS	" You have two babies , but three men .
tr	NN	A cold shudder ran down my spine .
tr	NN	" You 'll need your crown , of course - and I think the blue and silver doublet would be nice . "
tr	NN	" Did she give you any advice ? "
tr	NNS	I massage my temples with my fingertips , forcing air in and out of my lungs .
tr	NNS	I have seen the sisters !
tr	NN	And give the readers a time frame on when it 'll come out ?
tr	NN	We can record your thrust usage and see how much eight tons of rock holds you down on the ground .
tr	NNS	Somebody cut his antenna cables .
tr	NNS	I start to laugh and eventually I am dissolving in laughter , Maria looks at me more sternly not quite sure what to do .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't take any chances .
tr	NN	He filled the wash basin with the hottest water he could draw from the tap , worked up a lather with the bar of soap .
tr	NNS	" We lost five members of the National Guard .
tr	NN	He twirled his towel , thoughtful as he snapped it into the air .
tr	NNS	Thinking back to his initial visit to this room , he recalls the forms hanging from the ceiling he couldn 't quite make out .
tr	NN	Aislinn whacked the frame of the mirror with her hand , causing the table the guy sat on to rock and nearly tip over .
tr	NNS	The ball stopped inches from an area he more preferred .
tr	NNS	Casino locked our bikes together and leant them against the wall .
tr	NNS	Owen had drawn the drapes back so we could watch the night sky light up .
tr	NNS	Downloading her future memories had already given her generations of experience and would provide generations more .
tr	NN	He ran a fingernail along its smooth surfaces .
tr	NN	Tucker gave a one-word command , knowing it would be enough .
tr	NN	She heard the ache in his voice , felt an answering one in her body .
tr	NN	" They came up the hill .
tr	NNS	Alex already had Justin 's descriptions , but they weren 't a lot of help .
tr	NN	We have equipment for that . "
tr	NN	Of course I 've never met anybody with only one eye .
tr	NN	I said a silent prayer that he 'd be able to forgive me for what I was about to do .
tr	NNS	They 'd almost cleaned their plates before either of them spoke .
tr	NNS	He had visions of an electric bill in arrears in a pile along with a heating expense voucher and a pile of food stamps .
tr	NN	You 'll find the Gate in a trunk in the loft . "
tr	NN	Aria dropped the curtain and whipped around .
tr	NN	I took my napkin and set it in my lap as I took notice of my surroundings .
tr	NN	A slight breeze blew a strand of hair across her face .
tr	NN	Warm tingles rushed down her spine and sent the blood pumping in her veins .
tr	NNS	He answered , heedless of his words .
tr	NNS	He stopped inches in front of me .
tr	NNS	The pilot pointed out the different buildings as he circled them .
tr	NN	He dropped the dagger on the table .
tr	NN	However , from here , you shall need both faith and courage of conviction to journey to the answer . "
tr	NNS	Monk searched the tall grasses , the jumble of buildings .
tr	NNS	" Oh He loved Judas .
tr	NNS	You nasty little critters -- ouch ! "
tr	NN	I definitely didn 't have abs or a flat stomach , and that was obvious to anyone who touched me .
tr	NN	He preferred apple juice to any other kind of juice .
tr	NNS	So we made arrangements for you girls to stay the night at a friend 's house so we could go to dinner .
tr	NN	That night she received an email from the son of Christopher Riley .
tr	NNS	Donny downed several pints , and McBride ate a couple of sandwiches for his supper .
tr	NN	They 'd gained a new technology .
tr	NN	Then I 'll have more furniture sent out , hopefully by fall .
tr	NNS	Annie and a friend of hers created business cards for me , and the kids have been my assistants . "
tr	NN	" Tell your dragon not to breathe any fire . "
tr	NNS	I don 't recall any complaints after the verdict came in . "
tr	NNS	At six foot two inches tall , he tipped the scales at two-hundred and thirty-four pounds .
tr	NN	She also took the lesson of the day to heart : life and happiness are both too dear to throw away .
tr	NNS	He grabbed my hand and pulled me forward , his furious face mere inches from mine .
tr	NNS	She prodded her palms with her fingers .
tr	NNS	Any other creature in the Lore would have witnessed her eerie movements as she prepared to spring and would have known life was over .
tr	NN	He opened his closet and pulled out a tight gray shirt , shrugging into it with barely a wince .
tr	NN	She grabbed his pinky and bent it back .
tr	NN	At the top of the cart , he saw his mother 's clay statue of Harvester , the big ugly head the only object there .
tr	NNS	I don 't understand him I don 't understand his actions I don 't understand my disappointment .
tr	NN	" As in farm equipment ? "
tr	NN	I told Call about that night in your bedroom , and she went ballistic .
tr	NNS	He took several deep breaths .
tr	NNS	They have already reached the strategic points . "
tr	NN	Blue backlight created a halo around his head and shoulders .
tr	NN	You are , after all , a god . "
tr	NN	You can even pick out your own frame . "
tr	NNS	" I will accept your terms .
tr	NN	We ordered a large cheese pizza and two beers .
tr	NNS	The three of us empty our shots and place them down on the counter .
tr	NN	Section 100 thought up the Purple Cipher operation and you know the rest .
tr	NN	Rachel heard another muttered command .
tr	NNS	Disposable cups on the sink . "
tr	NN	The chosen men rushed up the hill immediately toward Anthony .
tr	NN	In school , he 'd always won the class contest for most books read in a year .
tr	NN	All the while , every time they made love again , he pushed the broken condom to the back of his mind .
tr	NN	He wore a white uniform in an identical cut to his brother , but it had blue cuffs and insignia .
tr	NNS	The masks had protective goggles over the eye holes .
tr	NNS	" We 'll get these necklaces done quickly then I 'll bring them to you . "
tr	NN	" For a small dance ... , " he retorted , his gaze softening .
tr	NN	' Couldn 't get passed reception ? '
tr	NNS	" We will need ships for the horses as well , you know . "
tr	NNS	" Regulators didn 't like folks .
tr	NN	You cannot overlook the smallest detail , especially anything that appears to be natural .
tr	NN	You know that neighborhood .
tr	NNS	" Good for you , " Josephine said encouragingly .
tr	NNS	No dessert until you eat your vegetables , and no rebirth until you eat your fruit .
tr	NN	So does that mean the lab never happened to you ? "
tr	NN	Accepting she deserved it , she stiffened her spine and went to face the music .
tr	NN	Plus I always use protection .
tr	NN	" You 'll need the X-ray equipment in the infirmary .
tr	NN	" What the fuck was that ? "
tr	NNS	We dodge the crowds and wonder at the mechanical puppet displays in the windows of America 's largest department store .
tr	NNS	Her fingers fold around my ribs as I hold the journal up , turning it to the page that I marked .
tr	NNS	The roadster braked to a halt a few inches from our legs .
tr	NNS	They record their activities for television . "
tr	NNS	All the others had teddy bears and fluffy pink elephants and horses for comfort toys to sleep with .
tr	NNS	So yes , I have stubbornness issues .
tr	NN	I accepted his firm handshake .
tr	NN	I am expecting a visitor at my hotel the coming morning .
tr	NN	I won 't tell you again " called his Mother for the second time .
tr	NN	Seeing him brought so much joy .
tr	NNS	" I brought reinforcements . "
tr	NN	She picked the frame up and studied it .
tr	NNS	Ty didn 't tell lies usually , mostly because he didn 't understand why he might need to .
tr	NNS	We 'll shock the old maids into going away by telling improper stories ! "
tr	NNS	Supposedly , I 've got powers or something and so does every other Kinetic .
tr	NN	His family and species always liked their privacy and it was rare to find more than two or three living together at a time .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't want the dogs in . "
tr	NN	They would not allow us any privacy .
tr	NNS	Not like his companions , ready for combat , but relaxed , as though the presence of the three Assassins was of little significance to him .
tr	NNS	" I hate birds ! "
tr	NN	" If I win , I triple your debt , and you 'll continue to pay me back in any way or means I see fit .
tr	NNS	" You saw drugs at her house ? "
tr	NN	I had the urge to call Barbie and invite her over , but since she didn 't like to drink , I decided not to .
tr	NN	Lyman gave Fink a glare that made Fink bow his head .
tr	NNS	Tomorrow morning I 've set up some meetings for you with ... " " Cancel them , " Lara said .
tr	NN	Farnham grimaced and put down his teacup .
tr	NNS	I saw the long black colored tier marks along the road .
tr	NNS	Next are CO2 canisters and notebooks with two years ' worth of recorded experiments .
tr	NNS	Chapter 38 As we arrived the beauty of the architecture stood out you could see the fingerprints of the ancient ones throughout the country .
tr	NNS	We laughed at the comedy audio tapes we brought along .
tr	NN	He would buy a razor , some shaving cream and turn his beard into mutton chop whiskers .
tr	NN	Earlier that evening she had kissed her sister goodnight , but the bed appeared unruffled , pristine .
tr	NNS	I could hear the birds whistling and chirping .
tr	NN	I would sooner bed a snake . "
tr	NNS	No wonder my life feels so untoward , I live so closely to old wives tales and platitudes .
tr	NN	Kat stifled a shudder at that .
tr	NN	" Wait a minute , Jessi knew Front before ? "
tr	NN	When she approached the gate , she saw the heavy padlock .
tr	NN	... Nadia leaned toward him in her chair , her expression earnest .
tr	NN	I turn the car stereo up so the sound can be heard through Bluetooth .
tr	NN	Please Steve show a little respect .
tr	NN	Rachel sensed the man 's reluctance to talk freely in front of her , the same ingrained caution that characterized Kell .
tr	NNS	I pull aside the velvety drapes and gaze down at scattered sunbathers .
tr	NN	Jason had hunted down that rare specimen , getting a large shipment in time .
tr	NNS	You have to break it , " I said mentally .
tr	NNS	I kept my coats in a downstairs closet .
tr	NNS	Tom clambered over the boards and descended to the canal .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths of the salty air but never grew tired as long as she maintained her psychic connection with the vortex .
tr	NN	Mr. Chandrasekhar held the flute out .
tr	NNS	" Won 't it have some supplies ?
tr	NN	And she sensed the depth of which Kendall and Rick felt those things for each other .
tr	NNS	Releasing her charcoal pencil , she rose wordless from the ground .
tr	NN	" I should give him a lesson or two in taking control of women . "
tr	NNS	Nick had lit the three candles in the small wall sconce and the dull glow flickered against the burgundy wallpaper .
tr	NN	I have no more faith in his engagement than in his professed admiration of Mozart .
tr	NN	" Stay still , my lord . "
tr	NN	I couldn 't help smiling back , poor timing as it was .
tr	NN	She ignored Dank 's protest and continued to watch me as the storm grew stronger .
tr	NNS	What if she just dropped the expectations of others and began making out with the woman who continued her stare onto Alicia ?
tr	NN	' ' Have some bloody respect for the work we are doing or get the hell out of here ! "
tr	NNS	A few minutes later Jesse Shaw was approaching the two detectives .
tr	NNS	It 's only costing me a few dollars a month .
tr	NN	" That ring wouldn 't do you justice . "
tr	NNS	" I love you , " he said fervently .
tr	NNS	But I kept my cameras and my ibook .
tr	NN	She set down her fork .
tr	NNS	Cute as hell and his glasses would look great resting on your bedside table . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't they keep tabs on you ? "
tr	NNS	They protected the citizens under their care while gathering food , water , and needed medical care .
tr	NNS	Then I am holding a man 's loose tendons in my right hand and thick golden threads in my left .
tr	NN	I predicted fork in his future .
tr	NN	I might as well get the mortification over with .
tr	NN	She had a dimple that appeared unexpectedly out of nowhere , then melted into her smile .
tr	NNS	One of these days she will hand your balls to you . "
tr	NNS	We 're both consenting adults .
tr	NN	Sitting at the desk I took up the pen and stared at the last line of my novel .
tr	NN	As they passed one , Jace caught a quick glimpse of a writhing body tied to a bed , and heard the sound of screaming and cursing .
tr	NNS	Besides , we have protected plates .
tr	NNS	" There are mitigating circumstances , subsequent to your fraud offense , that should be weighed , specifically your actions on the Jacob Watson case .
tr	NN	" I really couldn " t say , sir .
tr	NNS	All the partners and associate lawyers have cameras in their offices .
tr	NN	Roast duck , whey bread , and ruby red wine .
tr	NN	I see the same depth as his . "
tr	NNS	They saw wonders , and they said so .
tr	NNS	" This mystery of Christ 's miracles has confounded many biblical scholars .
tr	NN	" I will occasionally bring an alien ally here for you to question .
tr	NNS	I studied the movements in a broad sense , looking at changes over the course of several centuries .
tr	NN	He wore a light blue t-shirt and khaki pants with wide , bright green suspenders holding them up .
tr	NN	He always had a second opinion contrary to everyone else 's .
tr	NN	Niles kept his loaded .32 caliber pistol in the back of the top drawer of his desk .
tr	NNS	New , state-of-the-art snow boards cost big bucks , along with all the clothing to go with it .
tr	NNS	The king calls forth three more caste members , including Sasha .
tr	NNS	More than that , we have online libraries , archives , and depositories where we can pull out the most obscure information imaginable .
tr	NNS	She stuffed the gloves in her pocket , then secreted my knives on her body much the same way I always hid them on mine .
tr	NNS	And I honor your methods of study .
tr	NNS	" Take heed , farmers !
tr	NN	I give all the credit to God .
tr	NN	He had a whole closet full of similar shirts at home that he could change into .
tr	NN	Epilogue Cady Steward was given an honorable discharge from the assassins program and was able to retire with full benefits .
tr	NN	Sam followed Mortimer 's gesture and saw the little red sports car sticking out around the side of the house .
tr	NN	But we have a responsibility to more than just one another now . "
tr	NN	We have kept the faith and now the future lies in greater hands than ours .
tr	NN	Anna picked up a pen , then put it down .
tr	NNS	I felt like a swimmer navigating murky waters , the pictures around me too hazy to see clearly .
tr	NNS	They turn into dozens , then hundreds , then millions of lines , until they fill the entire floor and snake up the walls .
tr	NNS	And then he separated the tender folds of her body and touched her core .
tr	NN	He adjusted the quilt they 'd used to cover themselves , the quilt he 'd given Angela for Christmas , and his smile widened .
tr	NNS	I 've had worse beatings in my life , but I 'm not able to withstand this one .
tr	NNS	Then they had incorporated program modifications to allow for " talk " from the computer .
tr	NN	Nova could feel his unease .
tr	NNS	" We 'll break hearts the world over .
tr	NN	The king rides the arched kaleidoscope of colors like he has done it his entire life .
tr	NN	' My goodness , I 'd better make a note of that , ' said the god , patting his robe .
tr	NN	Also ensured a protection for them and charged the high fees .
tr	NNS	Command will drop their jaws and eyes when they see it . "
tr	NN	Why would he adopt an attitude like that ? "
tr	NN	" I need a favor , Jim . "
tr	NN	Moaning , Willow shoved her knuckle inside her mouth when someone turned their head and heatedly whispered " shhhh " .
tr	NN	Sweat was pouring out of his every pore and a tight prickling sensation crept across his scalp .
tr	NN	' Would you accept Rose 's judgement ? '
tr	NNS	I always get dates and names mixed up . "
tr	NNS	But he 's told more lies . "
tr	NN	He saw Sean 's backpack and sleeping bag .
tr	NN	The wind swirls , darkness falls , my eyes flutter , and I fall to the floor to fade in the darkness that surrounds me .
tr	NNS	I cast wacky love spells on our clients , and I was practicing on you to see what I 'd need to create to match you .
tr	NN	Long dormant thoughts shoved aside his accustomed duty , honor , and crisp composure .
tr	NN	This activated my work mode , transforming me into Claire , the cashier .
tr	NN	She grabbed the cloth and entered a room .
tr	NNS	He 'd also taken the night vision goggles -- more a gut feeling than deliberate judgement .
tr	NN	He felt a pang in his stomach as he began thinking about the canal .
tr	NN	" That I 've taken the Covenant of Brotherly Love . "
tr	NNS	" About ghosts ? "
tr	NN	I felt his gaze sizzle through every nerve ending as he took me in from head to foot .
tr	NNS	Charlie gulped the remains of his Scotch and faced the camera to speak as earnestly as any gangster could .
tr	NNS	She 'd been fighting her own instincts , her own urges , for so long now it should have been second nature .
tr	NNS	Always have reserves . "
tr	NNS	I know not the lands beyond the Barrier .
tr	NN	You have no claim .
tr	NNS	" Giving orders to keep doing what they 're already doing , " drawled Maximus from a few feet down the handrail .
tr	NN	He pulls my earlobe into his mouth and drags his teeth gently along the skin .
tr	NNS	Knots of thick veins were crudely protruding around his temples and neck .
tr	NNS	McCall didn 't like his chances .
tr	NN	Don 't underestimate my willingness to sacrifice everything to get my boy back . "
tr	NNS	Bonnie felt fine hairs on her arms and the back of her neck stand up .
tr	NNS	A few girls on various teams passed the tennis lockers , doing a triple take at the crime scene .
tr	NNS	Behind me I could hear little scratching noises and tiny voices whispering , though I couldn 't make out the words .
tr	NN	She tugged the knot in front of her to be sure it was tight .
tr	NN	He tossed aside the comforter and got out of bed .
tr	NNS	Other soldiers held open their packs and I saw all kinds of food , from corn to sausages to cereal bars .
tr	NNS	I didn 't have any pets , but you can never be too careful , that 's what my insurance agent always said .
tr	NN	String barbed wire between our yards ? "
tr	NN	" I trust h e r completely . "
tr	NNS	She had serious security issues .
tr	NNS	They were following the attackers but slowly and at a distance .
tr	NNS	" This medallion belonged to Ariana the last empress of the Old Imperium .
tr	NN	Heat traveled down her spine and spread across her entire body .
tr	NN	Or maybe it couldn 't even be considered a creation .
tr	NNS	" Thank heavens . "
tr	NN	Bastian smoothed the stray strand of hair away from my face .
tr	NNS	The forecast is raining cats and dogs on ya , darling . "
tr	NNS	She knew the pros and cons of that lifestyle .
tr	NN	Stefan was enjoying the chase , like a lion stalking a gazelle .
tr	NN	You remember that old phrase ; the sins of the father are to be laid upon the children ? "
tr	NN	The wind misses the sail , so it doesn 't drive the boat .
tr	NNS	When he came back , he saw the three witches with violins in their hands , singing a song for Hector while the audience clapped rhythmically .
tr	NN	The undead mage unleashed another bolt of lightning meant for him .
tr	NNS	" Today you will choose your factions .
tr	NNS	He had no joys .
tr	NNS	' And we have her outside interests to consider .
tr	NNS	In the evenings , you will scrub floors .
tr	NN	" Get outta here . "
tr	NNS	" Didn 't it have Ali 's fingerprints on it ?
tr	NNS	" God has worked miracles in your life , Peter .
tr	NN	I simply exist and do my duty toward our people .
tr	NN	Not for real , where you make a break and assume a new identity and , I don 't know , join the circus or something .
tr	NN	But Arik didn 't mirror her joy .
tr	NNS	They picked up their coffees and found a seat in a small booth .
tr	NN	Hugh had taken a liking to Gwen , and his gentle , courtly dealings with the young girl warmed Charlotte 's heart .
tr	NN	" We won 't get an update until 30 minutes have passed and they check in .
tr	NN	I won 't be taking my marriage proposal off the table .
tr	NNS	Laird Ian had many allies and few enemies , which meant the Keep exploded with bodies .
tr	NNS	" Wow , that guy must have balls of steel ! "
tr	NN	I ignored the pang of pain I still felt at the loss .
tr	NN	On shaking legs , and with Amy 's help , we climbed the staircase in the lobby , taking our place on the balcony .
tr	NN	He can 't carry a tune to save his life . "
tr	NNS	I found your drugs . "
tr	NNS	Someone ripped the breaks out . "
tr	NNS	Thane had the actual instincts .
tr	NN	Oh yeah , nice butt .
tr	NN	She stuck out like a sore thumb here without even trying , a sour lemon in a land filled with ripe exotic fruits .
tr	NN	Sandra finished her muffin and coffee quickly and started towards the dining room but Alonzo caught her by the left hand and pulled her close to him .
tr	NNS	He is throwing pebbles into the water in frustration .
tr	NN	He was holding a bouquet of sunflowers , with a giant smile plastered on his handsome face .
tr	NN	Murphy spit over the railing and walked away , his boots making an angry sound on the wood .
tr	NN	It had taken all his self-control to keep his breathing steady , to keep pretending that he was asleep .
tr	NN	Every year I conducted the same experiment and every year I received the same results .
tr	NN	In this bag I have technology from the 21st century and proof of what happened to your brother and what will happen to you . "
tr	NN	" Then you don 't trust anybody .
tr	NNS	And yes , okay , so maybe I read romance novels , but I also read the Wall Street Journal .
tr	NNS	They just try 'n scare folks off before we can catch em ' . "
tr	NN	A sharp prickle of alarm ran up Clary 's spine .
tr	NN	" I can understand the skepticism , but you know me .
tr	NNS	James , on the other hand , blamed his seven sons for showing up three days early .
tr	NN	With a resigned sigh , he put his pen down and gestured to the chair in front of his desk .
tr	NN	How she thrilled him , every aspect of her .
tr	NNS	They cannibalize their own systems to survive , but once they begin digesting their cerebral proteins , cognitive ability cannot help but suffer . "
tr	NNS	She indicated the areas she was discussing on the blueprints .
tr	NNS	The thought of being separated from him brought a great heaviness to her heart .
tr	NNS	I saw my sisters at least once a week .
tr	NN	Mira surrendered her Jumping Sword .
tr	NN	She dropped her shovel with a thud .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any diseases , and I don 't kiss until after at least a three month commitment . "
tr	NNS	After breakfast , we had interviews , followed by a photo shoot , and then a sound check .
tr	NNS	Peter and John can come and get some supplies till they get here , sound good . "
tr	NNS	This hatch , " with a nod he indicated their entry , " leads to the general council chambers .
tr	NN	" Zoey , you mean Lyssa 's Zoey ? "
tr	NN	Good God , did you just call it an instrument ?
tr	NN	" Or would you like privacy ? "
tr	NN	That would require a warrant . "
tr	NN	You would spill your seed in a heathen ? "
tr	NN	The branches rattled , an unearthly wailing rising over the wind and trees .
tr	NN	He knew her height , weight , address , etc , etc , etc. .
tr	NN	With the skull gone , she 'd have the cavern to herself .
tr	NN	The thought of him in bed with Sheridan made Amy 's stomach ache .
tr	NN	Looking down I saw many pleasure craft out on the water , their wakes glittering white behind them as they turned and spun .
tr	NN	From the right angle , Selena could see the kidney shaped pool in the back yard .
tr	NNS	" No , I love dogs .
tr	NNS	She 'd only seen the tiny bits through the trees .
tr	NNS	They found the saints and the history of the church beyond fascinating , hmm ?
tr	NN	Let 's get the lawyer and you can begin your confession , and take it from there .
tr	NN	I can hear the snap even through my armor .
tr	NN	~ Helga thrust a platter of whale meat into Astrid 's hands .
tr	NNS	In the apartment a couple , fully dressed , were playing cards .
tr	NNS	Ethan rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	Reyes noticed the design of Danika 's painting for the first time .
tr	NNS	They just possess these special powers .
tr	NNS	She takes their confessions , hears then agonising after every bloody battle . '
tr	NN	" How soon can you handle the first shipment ? "
tr	NNS	" I don 't have any anchors set up from the ranch in 1999 .
tr	NN	I got the comparison immediately , but the men just blinked with obvious befuddlement .
tr	NN	The shame of such a thing would surely harm her credibility among Kingston 's social elite .
tr	NN	I set up a mic .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not taking any chances on your doing something stupid . "
tr	NN	Mara moved a tangled strand of Shai 's hair away from her neck .
tr	NN	I ate a banana and an apple . "
tr	NNS	Take no chances . "
tr	NNS	Ali studied his compass as we walked the first steps along the path .
tr	NN	He pulled a boot on and stood to stamp his foot against the ground .
tr	NN	I just had a haircut , that 's all ! "
tr	NN	But we need the candle .
tr	NNS	In less than ten minutes , Vanessa buys ten kids ' backpacks , all with a Desert Storm camouflage motif .
tr	NN	" Wow , we get a medal for finding a book in a wrecked car ? "
tr	NNS	His hands stroked her inner thighs .
tr	NN	Way to make a good impression before school starts , Savannah .
tr	NNS	Both boys had scratches on their faces and Zeal had a bite mark on his hand .
tr	NN	He gave a soft shrug , spreading his hands .
tr	NN	Mat sighed , then closed the lid to the chest .
tr	NN	His whisper , combined with a gentle nip to her ear lobe prompted a sensual moan from her sending arousing tingles shooting through his body .
tr	NN	" Gary , when Mrs. Claus had her first stroke , thanks to the stress of your legal war against me , I eventually made the adjustment .
tr	NN	I hung up the gown we had been examining in the wardrobe .
tr	NNS	She curled her fingernails into her palms .
tr	NN	The fire ran up the rope and disappeared in the tube .
tr	NN	Polly ignored her outburst .
tr	NNS	' You have balls , or maybe just no brains ? '
tr	NNS	He was studying the marks the ropes had left on my skin .
tr	NNS	Alyosha noticed a few different figurines as well .
tr	NN	They recognize intelligence , competence , confidence .
tr	NNS	Still , he did have his occasional mood changes , but he never directed those her way .
tr	NNS	She ate two sandwiches before she declared that she needed a nap .
tr	NN	" An article in FSR magazine . "
tr	NN	The establishment dismissed such speculation as idle fantasy .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths to control my anxiety , and Marcus stumbled back to my side , handing me a glass .
tr	NNS	They dangled delicately from her ears , twin fiery stones at her lobe and several rounded pearls on the end of five braided chains .
tr	NN	He had an appointment later in downtown San Francisco at Candlestick Park .
tr	NN	My stomach gives an uncomfortable twist .
tr	NNS	As the pressure cuff squeezed down , I inhaled several deep breaths , then asked , " Where am I ? "
tr	NNS	Alma took the reins from the brake handle and spread them out in her hands .
tr	NN	" You 've had one previous miscarriage , is that correct ? "
tr	NNS	She tapped her fingernails nervously against the metal table .
tr	NN	I was holding a feather .
tr	NNS	Facebook was offering four hundred million dollars , a nice premium .
tr	NNS	After getting his frustration out , he heard more and more students coming down the street .
tr	NN	He also clutched a steaming teacup in one hand .
tr	NNS	Introducing Rags to human touch for the first time and having Cami there for the whole thing was just ... sublime .
tr	NNS	If that didn 't throw him off the trail , I could always blame my crazy hormones for making me act strange .
tr	NN	She tasted the rubber of his latex gloves and felt his warm breath on the back of her neck as he whispered , " Wait . "
tr	NN	Her bottoms were hugging her butt like a second skin .
tr	NNS	" You ever paid bribes in hard cash ? "
tr	NNS	Although Simon 's reflexes were finely tuned , his initial focus on blocking the punches exposed his ribs .
tr	NN	She wore a long black gown , and her gray hair was piled elegantly onto the top of her head .
tr	NN	The line climbed up a little ramp to run across the desk and down a set of books piled like stair steps on the other side .
tr	NNS	Then take the bond to the Sheriff 's office and fill out a writ , they have pre-printed forms .
tr	NN	Rachel gave a slightly embarrassed shrug .
tr	NN	He took his cock in his hands .
tr	NN	But her ex-husband hadn 't given up his vigil at the edge of the dance floor .
tr	NNS	Then , muttering , " I 'll bet my ass you do have ADHD , " he finally tossed twenty bucks on the table .
tr	NN	She has insect slime .
tr	NNS	" I do not have any sexual desires for you whatsoever . "
tr	NN	Lucy gave her friend a quick cuddle .
tr	NN	They 've got a tower right up to the ramparts !
tr	NNS	He studied the numbers on the paper in front of him .
tr	NN	' ' Why are you taking all that apocalypse crap ?
tr	NNS	I kick my sandals off and sink back down onto the window seat .
tr	NNS	Brick had honed his location skills over the years and came to an instant conclusion .
tr	NN	That reinforced Megan 's conviction about the danger of flying .
tr	NN	Well , I wish you the joy of it . "
tr	NN	" Oh , I have faith in you .
tr	NN	Slowly Randall Fitzgerald grasped the stray strand and hooked it behind Kathleen 's ear .
tr	NN	Camden didn 't need any more ammo , and if he did , well then I would give it to him .
tr	NNS	Boys were riding bicycles , trying to keep up , and threading their way between the people who lined the banks .
tr	NN	But it didn 't stop the affection that buzzed in the air .
tr	NN	As soon as I fix your martini ! "
tr	NN	He pulled another towel from the stack of fresh ones and strode back across to her barrel .
tr	NNS	Clay was cleaning up the dishes from his supper when he finally gave up trying to ignore his ringing phone .
tr	NNS	" But I 've hired all these ships to carry your cows back to the empire ! "
tr	NNS	She dates famous actors , he dates ... rarely .
tr	NNS	Ricky was inspecting his fingernails .
tr	NNS	The silky softness of her blood-red evening gown sent his senses into overdrive .
tr	NN	More like your old armour . "
tr	NN	' We got that e-mail through ... or should I say , an e-mail from Josh .
tr	NNS	As I took my seat in the class , I felt all the students looking at me .
tr	NNS	I sank my fangs into her soft flesh and drank deep .
tr	NN	At least you will be given a fair trial and an opportunity to plead for your life .
tr	NN	Matteo cracked his knuckles , then plunged in .
tr	NNS	The device can smooth out only the folds around the focal point , this meeting , so to speak , for a time .
tr	NNS	After she left that afternoon , Henry and I played cards .
tr	NNS	The animals ' gazes followed Thorn 's movements , but they did not otherwise advance toward the meal .
tr	NNS	Scene of Crime Officers took photographs of the spot where Ironside had been shot from every conceivable angle .
tr	NNS	He sits up straight and humor dances in his eyes .
tr	NNS	From sewing , they took needles and thread and piles of loose material .
tr	NNS	She 'd lit the candles like he had lit the fireplace .
tr	NNS	Do you also do little gypsy dances and parade around in nothing but bangles on your wrists and , God forbid , your ankles ?
tr	NN	Ryan dragged the witch over the threshold .
tr	NNS	A few moments later he was outside on the relatively quiet sidewalk punching numbers into his phone , calling for a cab .
tr	NN	As soon as we landed in the trench , we saw the effect of our bullets .
tr	NN	" I just don 't really want a confrontation .
tr	NN	" You can strike jealousy off the list . "
tr	NN	I punctuate my command with my tongue at her entrance , sliding into her , tasting her , filling her .
tr	NN	This had left her disheveled , just as it had done to me .
tr	NN	A shiver runs up my spine .
tr	NN	Let his spine sag against the heavy oak front door .
tr	NNS	Irene 's flings could have filled the pages of ' Hola ' .
tr	NN	She has no personality from the looks of her bedroom .
tr	NN	I 've already experienced your disagreement .
tr	NN	We head up a suspended glass staircase , Bran and I hesitant and everyone else unwavering .
tr	NNS	He should be alerting the other members of the army to these new developments .
tr	NN	Someone took the simple black wrap Rachel had chosen to complete my ensemble and we headed into the main part of the restaurant .
tr	NN	Serena pulls her trident out , blood matting the fur around the puncture wounds .
tr	NNS	" You followed your instincts on that horse .
tr	NN	He replaced the frame without taking his gaze from hers .
tr	NNS	Turning , Charlotte allowed the heavy velvet drapes to fall back into place .
tr	NN	John kicked Link again , and I tried to focus on the present .
tr	NN	Thank goodness too since I prefer authenticity in a woman .
tr	NN	Maggie gave a whoop .
tr	NNS	Passing by the Moors , he could see the barrel fires of the immigrant dwellings .
tr	NNS	It serves plates full of greasy meat wrapped in warm tortillas for a couple dollars .
tr	NN	I patted the sofa .
tr	NNS	She threw back the covers and rose , relishing his hungry gaze raking her body and the hiss of his breath .
tr	NN	And I fought the urge to run after him .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't afford any delays , and she broke into a desperate run .
tr	NN	He lay facedown on the floor , silent and still .
tr	NNS	The stirrings of familiarity roused his dormant senses .
tr	NNS	" No doubt she has your New York City instincts . "
tr	NNS	He borrowed tapes from Jack Pruitt 's library and caught up on all the wrestling he had missed in his youth .
tr	NNS	He felt dizzy suddenly but not precisely fatigued .
tr	NN	As we hit the bottom step , I controlled my urge to mutter a different , stronger , profanity .
tr	NNS	From now on , we must take their powers away before they can do any damage . "
tr	NNS	Jace could hear the roughness in his own question and was almost overwhelmed by how much the answer meant to him .
tr	NNS	We had our swim suits on .
tr	NN	Before he had even added her number to the population tally , Graham saw another email that balanced out that birth .
tr	NNS	She found the soothing drops and breathed a prayer of thanks .
tr	NN	When we got back , he opened up the trunk of his SUV .
tr	NNS	And what a climb it is , over long legs and muscled thighs .
tr	NN	Then one day at recess the teacher handed her a soda and when she touched the bottle , she saw pictures of her teacher .
tr	NNS	His finger hesitated several blinks over launch program .
tr	NN	I gave a small shrug .
tr	NNS	Sara put the remains of the postman cookie in a plastic baggie , sealed it , and dropped it in her apron pocket .
tr	NN	You bombed a nightclub . "
tr	NNS	And then he grasped Tara 's buttocks , lifted her h * ps and drove deep into the wet , tight glove of her body .
tr	NN	After scrounging , I pull a notepad , an ink pen , and a matchbook from a poorly organized drawer .
tr	NNS	She carried trays of sandwiches and lemonade into the living room .
tr	NN	She tucked that info away for future contemplation .
tr	NN	Alcohol didn 't have the same effect on them that it would on a mortal .
tr	NN	He reached the stairwell at last and hurried down , his upper body so far out in front of his legs that he almost fell .
tr	NN	Then she 'd put her idiocy to rest .
tr	NN	" I 'm doing you another favor , Eden .
tr	NNS	But he 'd given up his powers in order to destroy a rising demon who threatened to take over Rome .
tr	NN	Pity he hadn 't had a glimpse of their creature , but the trees were too thick .
tr	NNS	" You all have fangs and consume blood to survive but you aren 't vampires ? "
tr	NNS	If I find my reasons satisfactory , I cast aside my doubts and proceed .
tr	NNS	She knew the mechanics .
tr	NN	He whipped a dirty rag away from the molds beside the ship 's furnace .
tr	NNS	Now you light the fires .
tr	NNS	She was lining up the small paper cups and sponge ball that were one of the magic tricks , in front of her .
tr	NN	Joni lifted an infant sailor outfit from the sales rack .
tr	NN	Of course you 'll need a shrug . "
tr	NNS	Whatever magnetic frequency I was putting out required some adjustments .
tr	NN	The warm water splashing around the back of Joe 's hands made his thick , black hairs spin wildly in a clockwise , counterclockwise , clockwise fashion .
tr	NN	Instead of responding verbally , Aaron simply returned a withering glare .
tr	NNS	Turning to her sisters she says , " If you will notice , Snow Flower and Blue Cloud also have rose necklaces .
tr	NN	said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NN	Not that it stopped her from liking Derek or from wishing she could throw caution to the wind .
tr	NN	I saw the cop standing in the waiting room again , and he might 've given me the evil eye as I ducked out .
tr	NNS	He ripped off his boxers without arguing .
tr	NNS	He 'd only taken a few swings before he hit something solid .
tr	NNS	Few vampire hunters had families .
tr	NN	" Then why the reluctance ? "
tr	NN	I hold a basketball in my lap , and bounce it on my knees .
tr	NNS	We can involve our families later , in April .
tr	NN	He had a clipped beard that gave his jaw a commanding edge .
tr	NNS	Did you view the training tapes ?
tr	NNS	He used hides to make clothing to replace those he wore out or outgrew .
tr	NNS	" But they give me the creeps .
tr	NN	Mad Dog tossed his towel into the corner and patted Joe 's humped back .
tr	NN	Matt took the cast iron skillet and poured in oil .
tr	NNS	You can thank those authors for leading a sci-fi tomboy into writing historical romances set in the Regency period .
tr	NNS	The moonlight danced off the houses and parked cars , but there was no sign of life anywhere .
tr	NNS	Michael suddenly had visions of the floor cracking open , spouts of liquid fire shooting up to incinerate them , and he shivered .
tr	NNS	I worked the cameras .
tr	NN	He took an unlucky step backwards , tripped over a tree root and fell .
tr	NNS	Didn 't you hear the dogs ? "
tr	NNS	He pointed out a carcass being picked upon by some giant birds .
tr	NNS	Bones closed the few inches between them , settling his mouth over hers in a firm , leisurely kiss .
tr	NN	" Saying he was doing a favor for you , no less .
tr	NNS	He frantically searched his surroundings in search for Lily and the children .
tr	NNS	It happened centuries ago even before the Great Birth .
tr	NN	She pulled a cloth across her lap and tapped his left leg .
tr	NNS	" It does wonders for your health . "
tr	NNS	If she worked late , she could finish the assignments she had been given .
tr	NNS	Thank the Spirits that the woman was unconscious and couldn 't see his incompetence .
tr	NNS	I didn 't want any more surprises .
tr	NNS	On one end of the building held the doctors ' offices while the emergency rooms were on the other end .
tr	NNS	Jeremy had never seen so many cigarettes dangling from lips in his entire life .
tr	NN	Nuala made a harsh gesture toward her chest .
tr	NN	Love always , your pal , Satan .
tr	NN	Clearly , Acacia had the same realisation .
tr	NNS	We lit so many candles we may set off a fire alarm . "
tr	NN	I grab a handful of chips from the bowl she 's refreshing for the minions .
tr	NN	It 's time Brax learns a lesson in respect .
tr	NN	He wiped a trickle of sweat off his forehead .
tr	NN	As I stand , he lets out a low groan , but he doesn 't look up at me or move .
tr	NN	But I don 't get the fingernail . "
tr	NNS	Luke dropped his chopsticks into his noodles .
tr	NNS	" Even after all this time , he spreads lies about me .
tr	NN	The immediate concern in her mom 's voice had the knot in Kylie 's throat growing , and emotion stung her sinuses .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to ask for another taste .
tr	NNS	I gave you my tits to drink from .
tr	NN	She had the urge to touch Johnnie .
tr	NN	She shoved the toe of her slipper between the door and its frame .
tr	NNS	" Because I have her contacts .
tr	NN	His paid decoder was using more than one language to express himself .
tr	NN	Peyton hid the shudder that threatened to become visible , and struggled to keep his heartbeat at a regular rhythm .
tr	NNS	" It might just scramble your brains if you look too long . "
tr	NNS	As the ice melted on my belly , so did my defenses and my fears .
tr	NNS	They stood almost eighteen inches apart .
tr	NNS	I have no doubts about that .
tr	NN	We heard the butler returning , but he was running , clattering down the stairs .
tr	NN	Ranma took pity on her and placed a hand on her arm .
tr	NN	But the thought of never seeing him again made her heart ache .
tr	NN	But he made no such error with this battle .
tr	NNS	I didn 't wait for him to say anything more , I just grabbed his balls and wrapped my lips back around his somewhat softer cock .
tr	NNS	Well , my nieces ' blood had worked wonders for those two .
tr	NN	What the fuck are you doing in my house ? "
tr	NNS	Barry 's efforts wouldn 't win any design awards , but the peroxide drained the brown pigment from his hair in virtually no time at all .
tr	NNS	Or when I compelled those drivers to bear us to our destination .
tr	NN	She valued her independence highly , and it didn 't sit well that she had to continually reach for him .
tr	NN	Acting like some damn pirate .
tr	NN	When he crept into the tent , he found his squire sitting cross-legged by a candle , his head shining as he peered over a book .
tr	NNS	" How many students are there ? "
tr	NN	They too had seen nobody in the past couple of days , though they had seen more than they wanted before that .
tr	NNS	" Mrs. Beaumont , she said no doctors .
tr	NN	Instead , they refused my leadership .
tr	NNS	I have documented the bodies ' positions , their conditions .
tr	NNS	He despised court politics , but could not deny their importance .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness . "
tr	NNS	Malcolm picked up the cards scattered on the floor .
tr	NN	Tucker pinched off a chunk of chicken and fed it to him .
tr	NNS	I had taught several history classes while working on my Ph.D. .
tr	NN	His brothers could keep their damned trust fund .
tr	NN	" So you dropped off the briefcase , then went and got Chloe 's phone number ? "
tr	NNS	They 've got canoes ! "
tr	NNS	All day long she 'd been fielding texts from Madeline and Charlotte .
tr	NN	The possibility entailed no stretch of the imagination .
tr	NNS	I worry over the investments and whether Daniel should go to Eton soon .
tr	NN	I simply cannot understand this proposal of Joseph . "
tr	NNS	" You 've been sending nonstop messengers to all the great cities these last few days , telling them to marshal their armies for war .
tr	NN	Martina picked up her fork and nudged the rabbit food around on her plate .
tr	NN	We can have the funeral before you leave .
tr	NN	It came out a hoarse plea that he knew she wouldn 't pick up on .
tr	NN	Nicole transmits the file to Victoria 's neural chip .
tr	NNS	" Special Branch will have contacts in the Security Services , so it might be worth checking . "
tr	NNS	You didn 't murder Angelica . "
tr	NN	" This looks wonderful , " she said and picked up her fork .
tr	NNS	Ruin her chances at being an angel , and then just drop her ? "
tr	NNS	If the people on the surface were allies , then he held all the cards .
tr	NNS	Without counting it , Holly slid the coins into her open palm and dropped them into the cash register drawer .
tr	NNS	The man wore dress blues just like Jordan 's uniform , except that he had crosses sewn onto the lapels of his jacket .
tr	NNS	Who stole your balls and how do I get them back for you ? "
tr	NNS	You can bag up the urine samples and we 'll continue to have a courier come by every two days . "
tr	NN	She picked up a yellow , crystalline treat .
tr	NNS	Now Gibson had two addresses for Gary Paterson .
tr	NNS	He kissed her thighs and belly until the aftershocks of her orgasm subsided , and then shifted on the bed to sit next to her .
tr	NNS	Everyone else followed him in silence , they could still hear some gun shots and screams coming from the streets just above them .
tr	NN	When you get through the trees stop and hit the horn . "
tr	NN	The scent of roasting meat woke a hunger in him that was more powerful even than horror or despair .
tr	NN	It hit the cart and squealed .
tr	NN	She left the cockpit without answering his real question .
tr	NNS	Ashley remembered the screaming arguments between her mother and father when she was a little girl .
tr	NN	I shall have an exhibition of my photographs in Liverpool .
tr	NN	You will make an excellent addition to the Purpose . "
tr	NNS	She held no illusions about her life and was ready to crash back down to earth .
tr	NN	I wanted revenge on what the boys did to me at the clearing .
tr	NNS	Given two armies , I have a few fears as to the outcome of the current unpleasantness . '
tr	NNS	She had no designs on Grayson .
tr	NN	The person I 'd spent the last two years watching had a new personality every few weeks .
tr	NN	" Hello , " I said , a yawn at the edge of each syllable .
tr	NNS	The girls grabbed their backpacks and purses and climbed out of the car .
tr	NN	" Get a detail to the bottom of that ramp . "
tr	NNS	Jake felt his innards being clawed .
tr	NN	" Well , I can put a lid on the fussing , but I 'm still worried .
tr	NN	A cold shiver ran down her spine .
tr	NN	The images rolled the tape of soldiers marching down Canal Street and then standing shoulder to shoulder in South Square .
tr	NN	Maybe get Karl 's evaluation , and maybe Lucy 's .
tr	NNS	Admittedly , most young ladies prefer such novels .
tr	NN	She started the jeep and reversed around .
tr	NNS	Laila pats her pockets .
tr	NN	She had a sudden deep hunger to walk barefoot on a beach .
tr	NN	He had a stroke after I came back .
tr	NN	He shot a glare at her .
tr	NN	We descended the staircase like debutantes .
tr	NN	I have a task for you .
tr	NNS	I could see the gentle slopes and lines of his muscles highlighted by the wet cloth , everything in perfect proportion .
tr	NN	After she is remade , I can use the tape of their pleasuring to get more leverage in dealing with her in the future .
tr	NN	I pondered his argument for a moment and then said , " Must I be a farmer ? "
tr	NNS	But ... " I don 't have fangs . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't voice my doubts , but this was a wild hunt .
tr	NN	" I do have magic talent and I did study for two years at the Roman Institute of Magic to train and improve that talent .
tr	NN	In lowering his hands from his face , I could see the eyeliner smeared over his forehead , giving him the appearance of a unibrow .
tr	NNS	" He can rent ten apartments now . "
tr	NNS	After that , Sonia gave both Gregor and Yuri warm hugs and they left .
tr	NN	She raised the pistol and fired a shot , and Skyler flinched away from the debris of the disintegrating camera .
tr	NNS	For the first few days they lived on a constant high , elated , their brains adjusting to the new enhancements .
tr	NN	Harvey was kidding nobody " Should we wake him up ? "
tr	NN	I need ice cream . "
tr	NNS	I have female hormones and desires .
tr	NNS	" I can practically see the wheels spinning in your head .
tr	NNS	> " They have runners they can put on their feet .
tr	NN	" See anybody you recognize ? "
tr	NNS	He could have sensors and communication devices planted all over the grounds . "
tr	NNS	When they 're in position , the soccer balls emit two bursts of electricity , jolting me .
tr	NNS	I snatched both plates from his hands before he could speak .
tr	NNS	" We still have the original data though . "
tr	NN	Olivia had more faith in the two African American cops who climbed out of the other car .
tr	NNS	" So he doesn 't do drugs ? "
tr	NNS	For over a thousand years , he 'd unwaveringly scorned witches .
tr	NN	He gave a noncommittal shrug .
tr	NN	And the man 's chest and stomach would make a sculptor drool , she thought , they were so hard and contoured .
tr	NN	To Jay 's credit , he had custody of his sons .
tr	NNS	" You have fangs . "
tr	NNS	In places like the Celestial Plaza , the super rich had their own hovers .
tr	NNS	Christy 's whispered prayers and constant pleading .
tr	NNS	" Whatever you want , " he encouraged , anxious and completely clueless .
tr	NN	Maryellen made a small pleading gesture , common in Catholic statuary , with her hands .
tr	NNS	But he was off sailing the high seas , nonetheless .
tr	NNS	She had lost two sons a long time ago in unexplained plane crashes so she treated the flight crews as her own children .
tr	NN	" If I wanted therapy I would pay a shrink . "
tr	NN	She stood with her hands on hips , breathing heavily , her side bleeding , the claw wounds hurting like fury .
tr	NN	After a second he breaks the trance .
tr	NN	Grabbing his hands , she allowed her joy to radiate through her .
tr	NNS	Maybe he would have the brains to see it was flat-out undrinkable .
tr	NNS	Lyssa recognized the white limestone cliffs that border a section of the lake .
tr	NN	Brendan , show him the voicemail file . "
tr	NNS	This close up she could see the freckles on his left cheekbone , the tiny scar on his lip from a soccer accident in eighth grade .
tr	NN	I resisted the sarcastic urge to say ' no , I 'm checking in . '
tr	NNS	The level of desire in his blood climbed a few notches .
tr	NN	Animated by a demon energy , however , an automaton would have a measure of thought and will .
tr	NN	I 'm not spending next winter in a factory unless I have to .
tr	NN	Chapter 27 The Land Rover hissed down the glistening highway in the steady rain , the wipers almost in sync with the radio playing in the background .
tr	NN	He still wore his traditional Chancellor Office garb , but his energy radiated from him .
tr	NN	Above Shane , the ceiling gave a low , long groan .
tr	NN	Tommy kept his counsel and tried to keep an open mind .
tr	NNS	I can only summon a weary numbness .
tr	NNS	He shook the cobwebs out and crawled back to the pathway before standing again .
tr	NN	I set my tumbler aside next to his and rotated on his lap .
tr	NN	He contemplated the limited range of clothing in the closet .
tr	NNS	They had buckets , bottles , bags of sugar and yeast plus many other winemaking things handy .
tr	NNS	Carved orca whales marked the shop fronts .
tr	NNS	She studied these relics as she listened to a honky-tonk piano player , who was dressed in period costume , and waited for her burger .
tr	NNS	Just when she was certain it couldn 't get any better , she felt his fangs at her throat .
tr	NNS	She just started her contractions about five minutes ago . "
tr	NN	She rose and opened the refrigerator , bending over as she scanned the shelves .
tr	NN	She crossed her index and middle fingers .
tr	NNS	She pulled out two brightly colored hair ties and brought everything over to him .
tr	NNS	He set his wineglass on the side table and leaned back in his recliner .
tr	NN	" Something tells me most people strike that chord .
tr	NNS	" Can regular demons cast spells ? "
tr	NNS	The full moon tomorrow will bring those fur balls here to feed .
tr	NN	" Glazed doughnuts , here we come , my treat . "
tr	NN	The corner of the envelope poked her thigh and deflated her pleasurable feelings of excitement as she slid in beside Duncan .
tr	NN	" You really saw a Great Beast ? "
tr	NN	Adam took a handful .
tr	NNS	Just as he was about to stand up , he noticed several drops of dried blood on the floor .
tr	NNS	I advise my patients to see me as a friend whom they can talk to without fear . "
tr	NNS	I held the photographs against my chest as I walked along .
tr	NNS	The lake had no islands .
tr	NNS	Sir , then we 'll open two fronts .
tr	NNS	You know those nightmares I used to have ?
tr	NNS	As he arrived at the station he ran up and down the different platforms looking for her .
tr	NN	I gave her side a pinch which caused her to giggle .
tr	NNS	Remembering the fear Sid had induced in him brought his hormones back in to line .
tr	NN	Josie twirled the pen between her fingers as she listened to Hannah 's view of her world .
tr	NN	I was probably acting childish , and there was no excuse , not even liquor .
tr	NNS	I saw skid marks on the parking lot where his car had been .
tr	NN	He caught her double meaning but asked a safer question .
tr	NNS	For , that would jam the wheels of our economy and bring the market to a standstill .
tr	NNS	This time he brought sandwiches from a drive-through and they ate them when he got to his apartment .
tr	NNS	And billions of happily attached women around the world would have just gone breathless if they 'd been in her flip-flops right then .
tr	NNS	Their coats bristled dark gray , and large fangs protruded from their mouths .
tr	NNS	It saves us at least a hundred dollars and face it , we need that hundred dollars . "
tr	NN	Fred allegedly gained her nickname for her ability to sketch the cartoon character Fred Flintstone , although I personally had never seen any evidence of this .
tr	NN	I slammed the drawer back into the dresser .
tr	NNS	And I didn 't have sufficient funds to do anything to said planet , even if there was anything there to work with .
tr	NN	Brett never hurt anybody and never did anything against Seth .
tr	NNS	We actually made a few thousand dollars a month during the tourist season . "
tr	NN	" We can do a butterfly like this one . "
tr	NN	Their war has lasted even unto this day ... And even beyond it .
tr	NN	" Yer gets a medal for getting wounded ? "
tr	NN	Until that day , Arthur had had no inkling that he was the son of a king .
tr	NN	I pulled the umbrella from the stand .
tr	NNS	But trust me , food like this tastes great cold . "
tr	NN	It didn 't take much imagination to figure out what had caused the bloody entry and exit hole .
tr	NNS	He loved my skills with the spear .
tr	NN	He fulfilled his duty to me .
tr	NNS	" Those were organized trips .
tr	NN	" You gon na toy with me ? "
tr	NN	You would have utterly lost the respect of your generals had you not .
tr	NN	She felt a prick of anxiety .
tr	NN	We still haven 't found the assassin . "
tr	NNS	' What about road blocks , aerial surveillance , c. . . ' ?
tr	NN	Jack set the pen down again .
tr	NNS	We have allies in the College of Cardinals , some powerful .
tr	NNS	When she climbed onto the bed and straddled him , he caught the scents of nerves and excitement .
tr	NNS	" For all of you , two hundred dollars . "
tr	NNS	" Oh good Christ . "
tr	NN	They would 've demanded retribution for the loss of their beloved preacher .
tr	NNS	No more letting the witches and the fae chase while he and Mary Ann ran .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples with his fingers and continued .
tr	NN	We 'll take the package to our sales manager and get his big okay . "
tr	NN	He nuzzled the hollow between them and then suckled one nipple while he strummed the other with his thumb .
tr	NNS	Besides it 'll free more funds for your work . "
tr	NNS	To her credit , though , she made no objections .
tr	NN	" Trouble is finding a block that 's still the same .
tr	NNS	A part of the pueblo also included the remains of an old masonry ballpark and a large circular community room .
tr	NN	As darkness surrounds me like rolling fog surrounding the shore , the male 's voice pierces my waning consciousness .
tr	NNS	Mason throws back the covers , " I 'll go get him . "
tr	NNS	How he got scarred ? "
tr	NN	Honestly , this murder will completely destroy my hard-won reputation . "
tr	NNS	An overwhelming smell of decay permeated their surroundings .
tr	NNS	" Save your sentiments for later , girl .
tr	NNS	" I see you 've picked up some disquieting information yourselves , " he said remotely .
tr	NN	He moved the soil above him easily and stretched with lazy pleasure , his fingers unerringly finding the silken strands of Jaxon 's hair .
tr	NNS	" Have you lost your senses completely ? "
tr	NNS	Around them , Reed could sense wolves watching , moving , even though he couldn 't hear them .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens , too , since his life had been turned around because of his time in that school , thanks to his friends and the headmaster .
tr	NNS	We gathered a hundred yards to the west , near our vehicles .
tr	NN	How did King Ine take Rafe 's delegation of duties ? "
tr	NNS	He read and reread the reports coming from the stakeholders , searching for the breakthrough he knew was there just beyond his reach .
tr	NNS	And somewhere someone was placing candles around a makeshift shrine to a martyred saint , lighting them , then walking away .
tr	NN	Caroline was still idly watching the monitor when suddenly Bowie 's target signal lit up .
tr	NN	I heard the door slam behind her .
tr	NN	Tell me , honey .
tr	NN	By this point we had reached the grove along the road .
tr	NNS	They retreated several yards , but the machine didn 't turn back on .
tr	NN	Another praised her coordination and said she should be a surgeon .
tr	NN	What if he has some horrible twitch that I just can 't overlook ?
tr	NNS	' I 'd like that very much , Fletcher . '
tr	NNS	" Oh my noble Boye , my friend Boye , those men down there have no hearts ! "
tr	NN	" I like the headband . "
tr	NN	The number made my head spin and I hung the dress up very carefully .
tr	NN	This arrangement restores to us the element of choice that was denied us before . "
tr	NNS	I 've just read the pamphlets . "
tr	NN	" Aren 't you going to have a bath ? "
tr	NN	Kenny held his backpack and flashlight in his left hand , down by his side and his pistol in his right hand , aimed at chest level .
tr	NN	The couple reached the quarter section planted in forage clover , heading for a band of trees that lined the barbed wire fence .
tr	NN	He growled his displeasure , and fell to all fours where he could move , strike , and maneuver , with more agility .
tr	NNS	He had changed the lyrics to " Ms. " instead of " Mrs. " and she was in danger of dissolving into a puddle under the table .
tr	NN	Grey had driven a steak straight through his heart , and pinned him to a large pine tree .
tr	NN	Sylvie 's questions and statements always had that effect on me .
tr	NNS	The shrine district had taller buildings but had less people wandering the streets .
tr	NNS	In the darkness , Dana could make out buildings with shattered fronts , apartments without roofs , stores without windows .
tr	NNS	" All of the more ... experienced members of the crew . "
tr	NN	Looking up , she saw the dragon headed for them .
tr	NN	I have my own equipment . "
tr	NN	They gently cleaned the infant , then severed the umbilical cord and raised her head out of the pool so she could take her first breath .
tr	NN	I shut the lid and prepared for the long day ahead .
tr	NNS	The crew was given their assignments and the machines were turned on .
tr	NN	" There was a time when I owed $ 400,000 , " he said and removed the tape , his voice quiet .
tr	NN	" But I can make an exception for covert and special operations . "
tr	NN	I tucked my blouse in my gray slacks .
tr	NN	Now he 's taking a paper towel and carefully drying each hand like it 's some kind of ritual .
tr	NN	Instead , there came more loud pounding on the door , so heavy it shook the whole frame .
tr	NN	I spied the three-pronged , bloodied whip draped across the edge of the couch and , without thinking , dove for it .
tr	NN	" Where will I find a vet ? "
tr	NNS	" Don 't scare the doctors with this voodoo stuff , huh ? "
tr	NNS	It took the armies below a while to come up with the concept of a bridge , and their first attempt was woefully unstable .
tr	NN	He picked up his briefcase and stood , smoothing the wrinkles from his slacks before following her inside .
tr	NN	Somehow , he found a little privacy ; a small function room hidden behind a curtain at the back of the room .
tr	NNS	They killed their engines , and the leprechaun leader leapt off his bike and made his way towards the dais .
tr	NNS	Jackson has already told lies on several occasions and his recollection of times was approximate , while under severe pressure to return north .
tr	NNS	Standing silently outside the pen , she watched the birds and calculated which ones would be best for her needs .
tr	NNS	" Still , you have very good scientists there .
tr	NNS	Finally , Joe grabbed the mattress and turned it over .
tr	NNS	I bought the cigarettes .
tr	NNS	" Your sister 's got more balls than you , getting pregnant at thirteen , startin ' her life .
tr	NN	I leave the two-lane highway and turn onto a pretty little tree-lined street called Azalea .
tr	NN	As she collapses back into bed , I am left dumbstruck .
tr	NN	" Soothing those beasts has no effect .
tr	NN	I grabbed the guard 's rifle , broke it open to grab the bullets , and shoved them into my pocket .
tr	NNS	He moved fifty yards along it .
tr	NNS	A large building with big windows welcomed patients in , looking more like a hotel than a hospital .
tr	NNS	The elders found distractions .
tr	NN	The moment you cross the threshold you 're doomed , of course .
tr	NN	He repositioned the towel .
tr	NN	You know its past curfew . "
tr	NN	What the devil are you talking about ? "
tr	NN	This lake has a reputation of bringing about whatever one desires . "
tr	NNS	Cain rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	Find all the treasure .
tr	NN	The evil man ran up the hill , his cruel face getting closer and closer .
tr	NNS	With that he lunged down hard and with a clang the three blades penetrated the stone by about six inches .
tr	NN	With unsure fingers she secured the chain 's clasp around her neck and surveyed the effect .
tr	NN	Shane gave her a thumbs-up in approval .
tr	NNS	He has two main appetites -- pain and sex .
tr	NNS	Remember , she 's got two cubs . "
tr	NNS	Daniel pulled the spent wires from the stun gun and ran to the other side of the tank .
tr	NN	She sets the pen down on the open book and rubs her eyes .
tr	NN	I could call a lawyer , but lawyering up was just short of admitting you did it .
tr	NN	I wasn 't expecting any correspondence from Claudia .
tr	NN	" I 'm repairing your precious little statue for you ? "
tr	NN	" You didn 't eat all the pizza , did you ? "
tr	NN	Alex is running down the terminal passageway , dressed in his suit and tie .
tr	NN	" Pete , " he said , " I can 't turn down the appointment but I want you to know I didn 't push for it .
tr	NN	My first since I began my quest for perfection .
tr	NN	The sun 's rays eased the sensation and normality returned .
tr	NN	I cross my arms self-consciously over my worn polka-dot bra .
tr	NNS	Maybe he hated hospitals just as much as I did .
tr	NN	" Someone at that safe house leaked your location .
tr	NN	" I don 't think ' buck ' is supposed to be a person .
tr	NN	" Perfect timing . "
tr	NN	He didn 't need her affection ; her compliance was enough - well , that and her lying beneath him .
tr	NNS	I threw his earlier sentiments back at him .
tr	NNS	She sidestepped the sofas and laid the Mountain Dew down on the coffee table .
tr	NN	If he was going to interrupt my perfect morning , I would return the favor .
tr	NN	The robots bring the wardrobe rake .
tr	NNS	I have centuries of battles in my head . "
tr	NNS	In her early years at the TV station , she 'd taken night classes in elocution , learning to keep her voice even and moderated .
tr	NNS	" I 'm testing my powers . "
tr	NN	He should have skipped the category altogether .
tr	NN	He felt the urge to escape the confines of the room , to spring off into the darkness , utterly indifferent to where he might land .
tr	NN	He crept down the staircase carefully , one step at a time .
tr	NNS	Hector was ripping old rags and towels into wide strips .
tr	NN	His eyes watched the passing traffic as he came to stand next to me .
tr	NNS	She didn 't take any chances .
tr	NN	I dropped the duffel into the passenger seat and stuck the sword into the space behind it .
tr	NN	Grey felt a sudden lump in his throat , ' I 'm afraid he isn 't here either . '
tr	NN	I had the urge to hide behind Christian , or maybe run .
tr	NN	screamed Sean as he pulled out his pistol and fired a quick shot over the back of the seat .
tr	NNS	Mary Ann shivered delicately .
tr	NNS	Fingers trembling gently in excitement at her blind luck , she pulled the goggles back on and clicked the switch .
tr	NNS	Paige 's silence spoke volumes of agreement .
tr	NN	Layla leans her hip on the side of the desk .
tr	NN	I didn 't need her pity .
tr	NN	Melanie had made her initial proposal because that was who she was - practical .
tr	NN	He wrapped a black wool scarf over his ears and face , then pulled out the scroll once more .
tr	NNS	He had heard no shots .
tr	NN	He placed the vial over Laila 's open mouth , paused .
tr	NNS	She carried roses , for love , to the stone polished smooth and carved deep by magick and grief .
tr	NNS	" You got any plumbing issues ?
tr	NNS	Life as the first female commander of a boomer exceeded her wildest expectations .
tr	NN	It cleared the top and Theo yelled out , " I underestimated you , princess , you have been practicing your throwing . "
tr	NN	" But always use a condom . "
tr	NNS	" Run , " I barked and grabbed the metal shelves , sending a precision pulse through the building .
tr	NN	Grace gave her a sideways smirk .
tr	NNS	Edwin entered the right logon credentials , and the laptop beeped three times to indicate a successful connection .
tr	NNS	They covered the mouths of the women they had in their possession to silence their screams .
tr	NN	We consider this a major violation !
tr	NN	The older man in his fifties rose midway off the bench , enough to stretch out with the cup and empty it over the offending weed .
tr	NNS	The Lord of Hell desired all gargoyles for his own army , because he was incapable of creating anything .
tr	NNS	I haven 't used my powers yet .
tr	NNS	" The English aristocracy goes back centuries .
tr	NNS	Someone had hung huge tapestries on all the walls here , trying and failing to hide the bones of the fortress .
tr	NN	King Murphy picks up his trident and turns one side of it toward Serena .
tr	NNS	" What troubles you Kol ? "
tr	NN	He jammed the completed bucket trap in her hand as if he wanted space between them .
tr	NNS	" Make the arrangements and don 't tell Hemingway upstairs until you have everything all set for the trip .
tr	NNS	Cornelius picked up the pages , arranged them into a neat stack , and set them aside .
tr	NNS	If only Hawkins or Laura would see what was happening so they could interrupt the duke 's amorous efforts .
tr	NN	He wore a camouflaged t-shirt with the sleeves cut off at the shoulders , displaying his large biceps and an indescribable tattoo .
tr	NNS	She had issues that had nothing to do with me .
tr	NNS	" Don 't use your empathic abilities on me , Michael . "
tr	NN	He adjusted the monitor so he could get a better view .
tr	NNS	" We 'll take sandwiches , and fresh vegetables from the garden .
tr	NN	She just had the impression of a long , heavy car .
tr	NNS	Abbey served up the sandwiches .
tr	NNS	Glinda had made a few trips to Keystone 's market district to stock up on medical supplies in expectation of casualties .
tr	NN	The lab will check the people 's lifeline to see if any changes have occurred once the traveler has contact with them .
tr	NNS	He suddenly switches directions , jumps forward and trumpets .
tr	NNS	Catcher dusted crumbs from his hands , picked up the newspaper he 'd laid beside him , and unfolded it .
tr	NNS	I felt literally nauseous when she left .
tr	NNS	Undo the wee metal clips at the back . "
tr	NN	Raindrops hit the pavement in such rapid succession it looked as if the streets were boiling .
tr	NNS	Benji cut up his biscuits with a fork and then shoveled the first bite into his mouth .
tr	NNS	' We still see bomb sites here in London , and they are ugly scars on the face of our city .
tr	NN	He kissed her temple before taking a sip of his drink .
tr	NN	They only had half a First Law , after all .
tr	NNS	Had her mind been playing tricks on her ?
tr	NNS	She followed the directions she had written out to put the box back together .
tr	NN	I would rather have just had a menu .
tr	NNS	He had several pairs of boots as well , but all were similar in design with only a few silver accents to change the overall effect .
tr	NN	And I use this talent to answer the door , only to find Mr and Mrs Simons at the door looking scared .
tr	NN	He let out a rough groan and came deep within her , filling her while the last pulsing waves of her own release eased .
tr	NN	The CDC has changed the definition of AIDS a number of times , for reasons I can only guess at .
tr	NN	Sean traced Andrea 's Collar again , letting his fingers drift down her chest .
tr	NN	He stroked her ponytail until it draped over her shoulder and somehow that light pressure was like a soothing massage to her achy head .
tr	NNS	She can keep her bloody notions to herself . "
tr	NNS	He abandoned his attempts at stimulating his ears ; silence was a better alternative than the monotonous beating .
tr	NNS	She inventoried her ingredients and saw that she needed more baking chocolate .
tr	NN	If I try to turn it on , I 'll get my face blasted with white smoke .
tr	NN	He secures his bat under an arm .
tr	NNS	They always call the shots in the relationships .
tr	NNS	They removed their helmets .
tr	NN	When we reached our destination , I faintly recognized the towering structure from our research .
tr	NN	For a few seconds , Warrior rides Lance like a surfboard before striking a big black rock outcropping .
tr	NNS	( On something that only needed three wheels .
tr	NN	I continued my sweep of the area and found a massive sheet cake with a gift table that was piled high with presents .
tr	NN	He nodded his acknowledgment and grinned at her .
tr	NN	A deafening rumble shook the castle , causing small pieces of the ceiling to cascade down like snow .
tr	NN	My dad spent a fortune on the log cabin he bought in Breckenridge and it 's not anywhere near as cool as this place . "
tr	NNS	He wore several torn black coats , several ragged black pants , and a small flat black hat .
tr	NNS	Determined to help her , he summoned two chairs , one for him and one for her , and they sat across from each other .
tr	NN	He straightened his spine .
tr	NN	" Wow , I 've never met a real writer before .
tr	NN	I 'd attempt a recovery .
tr	NNS	I love the ruffles on that red shirt .
tr	NN	Her mind burned rubber calibrating the new info .
tr	NN	" You probably need a pillow and blanket , right ? "
tr	NN	We couldn 't leave a debt like that hanging . "
tr	NN	Both men could hear her fussing after Janet .
tr	NNS	Simon can bring the shovels , if ye like . "
tr	NNS	Her gaze ticks down to the stain on my dress .
tr	NNS	I heard a chair 's metal wheels screech and grind against the floor and then his hands enveloped my free one .
tr	NN	As I helped her unload the groceries to my horror I found my orange nemesis staring up at me , taunting me .
tr	NN	Then he added conditioner to my hair and rubbed that in .
tr	NN	I approached the customer and walked around a table to face him .
tr	NNS	They stood inches apart .
tr	NN	She caressed the velvet of Stacy 's dress .
tr	NN	I threw another fifty pointer .
tr	NNS	Avery had searched the crowds for him , praying she would see his severe face in the crowds .
tr	NN	" Callie planned the reception and Dylan arranged everything else . "
tr	NNS	Reyes took deep breaths .
tr	NNS	" When I was eight , one of my sisters and I were doing the dishes .
tr	NN	A good enough writer could take a puppet , and make it speak , or walk , at least briefly .
tr	NN	You can overrule any vote . "
tr	NN	Looking at the painting on the wall , I felt my heart clench .
tr	NN	' Then why does this say - ' ' Obviously an error .
tr	NN	And she didn 't strike Jazz as somebody who admitted to shortcomings just for the hell of it , either .
tr	NNS	I mean , they feel normal desires for autonomy .
tr	NN	I was doing a budget .
tr	NNS	Sex with him is what has given back the dogs and faerie animals that are appearing in the courts and among the lesser fey . "
tr	NNS	I looked past Finn to Riley , and I could tell he was upset .
tr	NNS	She 'll have the bottom two floors fixed up within a week .
tr	NNS	According to Izzy and Norman , they 'd given her directions to the old man 's run-down house on the edge of town .
tr	NNS	Buzz had the honors and momentum .
tr	NNS	Neither Carol nor Rick had given her bragging rights .
tr	NNS	He installed cameras at the house to our watch you while he got married .
tr	NN	I heard someone gag behind me and turn away , and I only just avoided doing the same .
tr	NNS	I considered the pros and cons for the rest of my day .
tr	NN	And now , we 've got a burning task at hand .
tr	NNS	She would then turn their coats and hats over to me , and I would hang them up on corresponding numbered racks .
tr	NNS	She could see the simple changes in her mother ; she looked healthier , a little thinner , and happier .
tr	NN	" You used the word ' freaks ' , James .
tr	NNS	Katherine watched her movements without comment until Julia stopped at the front door and turned to look at her .
tr	NNS	Berle felt suddenly nauseous .
tr	NNS	She has good credentials , slightly better than average behavioral prediction stats .
tr	NN	There was upended furniture strewn around the room .
tr	NNS	He saw drops of sparkling dew on the blades of grass as he walked .
tr	NNS	It presents no difficulties .
tr	NNS	She speared her vegetables with her fork and brought them to the tip of her tongue for a taste .
tr	NN	" Get outta there .
tr	NN	Football certainly explained his broad-shouldered physique .
tr	NNS	And I don 't even mean her activities .
tr	NN	One image indicated an anomaly his eyes had missed earlier .
tr	NN	She feigned fright , jumping as if startled .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any surprises with the children . "
tr	NN	Her eyes searched his desperately for clarification , but she could not find it .
tr	NN	He splashed more paint on the canvas , choosing a bright , vivid red for droplets that ran over the entire painting .
tr	NN	He still had his rifle over his shoulder , but that didn 't make me feel much better .
tr	NN	She picked up the basket and waved it .
tr	NNS	" Did you make all these marks ? "
tr	NN	I made a quick U-turn , drove into a side street and made a full circle around the block before heading back onto the expressway .
tr	NN	She grabbed a basket .
tr	NNS	But they did not assume attack positions .
tr	NNS	" Sure , she 's got great acting skills .
tr	NNS	None of has own creations could turn to human , which had never been a problem until the humans began to fight back on being dinner .
tr	NNS	Honey , I can command the heavens , move the earth , move my body through time and space .
tr	NN	" You were thrashing uncontrollably , which kept opening your wounds . "
tr	NN	I picked the pillow up and ran my fingers over the decorative thread pattern , in masculine shades of gray and dark green .
tr	NNS	Blake takes the packs from Francesca and me , and turns to keep an eye on the pedestrians .
tr	NNS	The soldiers wear the uniforms of the German SS troops and Hitler is at their head and they all salute him .
tr	NN	I gave him a salute and sent him on his way .
tr	NN	His eyes held a savage gleam .
tr	NNS	Caleb is massaging his temples with his fingertips .
tr	NN	Adrenaline charged , in full riot gear , they ran down the pier and quickly reached Teleport .
tr	NNS	She had armed the explosives around the habitat .
tr	NN	She meant no harm . "
tr	NN	Wrapping her hand around him , she stroked his long , thick rod as his breath came faster .
tr	NNS	All three poured down their shots , Antonia immediately pouring yet another round .
tr	NNS	' Unlike dogs , human society doesn 't only challenge leaders .
tr	NNS	He 'd given her all the breaks she 'd needed ... more and more as time went on .
tr	NN	She touched her blouse , folding it away to reveal a sheer bra .
tr	NNS	He ripped off the skates and flew up into the sky to make another dive attack .
tr	NN	Anna opened the canister and carefully removed a slim vial from it .
tr	NN	As I set us up across from each other , I felt a tiny little pang of guilt , but I was determined to practice .
tr	NNS	I shoved the covers back .
tr	NNS	" You don 't have any leads on other prisoners there ? "
tr	NN	She reached the crown of the mountain .
tr	NNS	A gun went off , four shots in rapid succession , the sound loud in the stillness of the night .
tr	NN	Gradually , the anger leaves her visage , and a look the boy does not recognize creeps onto her face .
tr	NN	She stifled a yawn .
tr	NN	She saw his lip curl in pain and anger .
tr	NN	I 've heard every twist and turn in her relationship with Daniel .
tr	NN	I thought it was pretty lucky their baby hadn 't been born , whatever had caused the miscarriage .
tr	NN	Tomas had an Asian heritage with a lovely nose , dark eyes and a square jaw .
tr	NN	' Can 't even get a purchase with a crowbar .
tr	NN	I took the cloth and patted the exposed part of my chest .
tr	NN	" You have a teacup collection . "
tr	NNS	" But since you are what you are , don 't damage the roof tiles . "
tr	NNS	She put the pans back in the cupboard and sighed .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to look up , because I knew that voice .
tr	NN	You kill my bloody jockey .
tr	NNS	returning the customary greetings of the day .
tr	NN	" I 've got this trust fund that provides a big interest payment every month .
tr	NN	Just the heat from her smile wreaked havoc with his body .
tr	NN	JJ clicks his pen , hesitating .
tr	NN	" Fine , he said it was ugly , " she corrects her language .
tr	NNS	No one had ever considered her favorite foods , or gone out of his way to make her feel important .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her thighs , wiping the perspiration from her palms .
tr	NNS	Thinking it must have just been a random draft , I gathered the candles up and put them away .
tr	NNS	" Some developers put up buildings with almost no cash of their own . "
tr	NNS	Isaac contemplated several different scenarios before deciding that his best bet was to buy a first-class ticket on Keith 's flight .
tr	NN	He now liked this game immensely .
tr	NN	Nicolae began the complicated weaving of difficult safeguards at all entrances to the mountain and the network of caves .
tr	NNS	I questioned my own motives , actually , but they didn 't need to know that .
tr	NNS	" I am now getting a thousand dollars for a single vial of your blood . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances , and you 'll have to take them right along with me .
tr	NN	How can he still maintain a jolly demeanor immediately after he executed a maneuver that led to the death of so many people ?
tr	NNS	They had made tapes of everything that occurred in the habitat .
tr	NNS	Add Ella 's nightmares to the list of problems we need to deal with .
tr	NNS	Smart and cautious , he replaced all the house servants and set out to reestablish order .
tr	NN	" All this time , I 've been overlooking the logic of the practice .
tr	NNS	" Take your families and seek shelter ! "
tr	NN	And as soon as you 're ready to acknowledge what I do , I can give you more responsibility . "
tr	NN	I don 't eat cake . '
tr	NN	I suspect the latter .
tr	NNS	" How many Officials do you suppose there will be ? "
tr	NNS	After a moment he heard footfalls .
tr	NNS	For many long , slow breaths .
tr	NNS	From where they were amongst the crowd , they could see two fires , each taller that the Road Trains and reaching gracefully into the sky .
tr	NNS	The players often also scored their next ' targets ' over there as well . "
tr	NN	He wore a fitted black tee and jeans , and my stomach did a little flip-flop and my pulse responded with a patter .
tr	NNS	I brought you more supplies . "
tr	NNS	" I like dogs . "
tr	NNS	Mr. and Mrs. Spruill had joined the spectators , and Bo glanced at them .
tr	NN	a 42 minute live version of " Blues for Wendy Ward . "
tr	NN	I hammered a nail into the wall and hung up a picture of my family which had been lying face-down on the floor .
tr	NN	But to feel her joy if we could meet again , and I could give her comfort after all her mourning !
tr	NNS	I usually cooked big meals in the evening so everyone could take what they wanted for lunch the next day .
tr	NN	I didn 't have that burning sensation stinging deep within me like I usually did when I got insulted .
tr	NN	After a moment of shuffling he pulled out a file .
tr	NNS	" I slipped her five bucks to give that guy another soda and say it 's from Mom . "
tr	NN	Catherine knew his intent .
tr	NN	In other words , I lose my faith in anaesthetics .
tr	NNS	The opponents retook their positions , and receiving the herald 's signal , tilted for the second time .
tr	NNS	Towards the bookshelf that held the ancient tales .
tr	NNS	I 'm not getting gauges .
tr	NN	The worry in his eyes made her stomach clench .
tr	NNS	Dukes who needed to marry to fulfill their awful father 's will in order to inherit millions .
tr	NN	Grab yourselves a soda .
tr	NNS	Even though she didn 't visit , Marjorie had been keeping tabs on her mother without her knowledge .
tr	NN	He owns the Gypsy Queen .
tr	NN	Now he had just sent an email that would soon result in him moving out of his mother 's house and living the life of his dreams .
tr	NN	He 'd lost my grandmom 's apron at some point .
tr	NNS	They have experienced members out there .
tr	NNS	My mother took aerobics classes there .
tr	NNS	Joe and Annie held the figurines from the nativity scene that had been handed down to him from his mother many years earlier .
tr	NN	Oh fate really did suck .
tr	NNS	" They are investigating reports of UFOs in the solar system .
tr	NNS	" I like your methods of persuasion far better than those . "
tr	NN	You bear a single god who does not speak to humans , though you believe you have his protection . "
tr	NNS	Well , I must be going gentlemen .
tr	NNS	I smeared my palms on my pants and they still came up clammy .
tr	NNS	" I can bless the blades .
tr	NNS	Savannah followed his movements , eyes wide and curious .
tr	NNS	Gazing into the woods , I 'd watched the wolves every year of my life , memorizing their faces and their personalities .
tr	NNS	Girls had dangers that guys didn 't have .
tr	NN	Kennedy remembered the resentment shining in Grace 's eyes when she 'd looked up at him in the parking lot of the pizza parlor .
tr	NNS	He handed the cups over to the cook and bid Henry good-night .
tr	NNS	" You check inside , I 'll check the other buildings . "
tr	NNS	It kind of put my commitment issues into perspective .
tr	NN	Standing up , I begin pacing in my small cabin , moving back and forth across the creaking floorboards .
tr	NNS	The assailant will rape his victims and then move onto killing , that 's the way it usually works .
tr	NNS	Once , he had despised all the trappings that came with love and marriage .
tr	NNS	From top to bottom , the tiers provided cucumber sandwiches , shortbread kisses , date scones , savoury puff pastries and a selection of rich cakes .
tr	NNS	" You 're taking a thousand dollars a week from that poor woman ? "
tr	NNS	If he hires you , he 'll pay between two and five hundred dollars an hour .
tr	NNS	I don 't need fifty houses like you . "
tr	NNS	" I have witnessed complete physical changes in patients under hypnosis , and I know - " " And that 's a basis of truth ? "
tr	NN	Since she had come to Kingston , she had met a handful of people .
tr	NNS	Brenda and Barry didn 't even like bats .
tr	NN	I hand the bagel to him and he asks , " So what are you trying to tell me ? "
tr	NNS	" Because a jail cell would spend useless tax dollars on a person not worth the effort .
tr	NNS	If I moved my eyes carefully , the medallion picked up those movements and I could adjust the digital display to set a date and time .
tr	NNS	Emulating a participant in a game of darts , he made several careful motions at the kitchen target , then tossed .
tr	NN	By throwing himself sideways , he avoided landing on top of her , but he had mud splattered all over his clothes .
tr	NNS	Annie and Michael pressed their noses to the dirty window .
tr	NNS	Jenny wedged her fingernails into the bottom of the plastic trim around the oval window and stared at the darkness outside .
tr	NNS	It took him another two breaths to realize he was merely facing a rising sun .
tr	NN	" And then you turn this big knob .
tr	NN	He shouted a protest but to no avail .
tr	NN	Okay , she might be lying just a tad .
tr	NN	As in , I was already wearing one diamond from Edward ?
tr	NN	" I can 't reproduce a password when I have no idea what its source was . "
tr	NNS	She felt the thick hardness of him pressed against her middle and instantly she went hot and wet .
tr	NN	They 'll convert a rugby player every now and then .
tr	NN	" I want an update .
tr	NNS	Normally , she didn 't like possessiveness in a man .
tr	NN	Besides , hadn 't her mother 's affairs garnered enough bad publicity for Hightower Aviation ?
tr	NNS	" Since your father is here and its broad daylight I better run some errands now .
tr	NNS	You can see the marks on the far wall .
tr	NN	On reflex , her hand was smoothing down her belly , almost reaching her navel .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , well we 've got two possible kidnappers .
tr	NNS	" Just won the right terms in the negotiations .
tr	NNS	Only a few people were out walking their dogs on the trails , and a couple was talking quietly by a Mini Cooper in the parking lot .
tr	NN	Ryan unhooked the rope and took a step , only to hear a voice behind him say : " Sorry mister .
tr	NNS	Instead of replying , he abandoned his chopsticks and braced both hands against the table .
tr	NN	With a flick of his wrist he sent the meaty chunk spinning into the pit amongst the living dead who instantly descended on the morsel .
tr	NNS	But he also had gold coins minted . "
tr	NN	" Among all of you , only one knows the true version .
tr	NN	" My mistress has an appointment with the priest that she must keep . "
tr	NNS	Gail saw cattle loping about under the starlit pastures .
tr	NNS	He was sick , he realized dimly .
tr	NNS	Finding an opening among the colorful camps of sun worshipers , they dropped their burdens .
tr	NN	He slung the backpack over one shoulder and the canvas bag over another .
tr	NN	You looked really good out there , too , " Kerri said a little breathlessly .
tr	NN	Similarly , when one knows the Lotus Sutra , one understands the meaning of all worldly affairs . "
tr	NNS	I rub my temples .
tr	NNS	Spread for him , she felt the emptiness inside her and hated how badly she needed him to fill it .
tr	NNS	He saw her bare breasts loose within the shadow of the fabric and he didn 't know what came over him .
tr	NN	He felt warmth flow through her hand into his , then up his arm .
tr	NN	He just arched an eyebrow ridge and shook his head .
tr	NN	He pulled out a file from the inside of his jacket and handed it to her .
tr	NNS	The two opposing forces wildly clashed spears .
tr	NN	In one corner of the cottage lie an old fashioned bathtub with feet .
tr	NNS	Louis stopped some paces from Yves .
tr	NN	I stuff my backpack into my locker , deciding I don 't need it .
tr	NNS	Kelly booked the clients , found out just what they needed , and Veronica did the building and website coding part of the business .
tr	NNS	Mel pulled two items from out of his sack .
tr	NN	And Guy resisted the urge to argue that none of them had done what Don Jarrod wanted in life .
tr	NN	He stepped over the threshold and walked into the arms that had held him in his youth .
tr	NNS	She had about eight pages of notes going , on a yellow legal pad .
tr	NN	" Oh my god , Lola .
tr	NN	It hadn 't taken her long to realize she was inside of a car trunk .
tr	NNS	And they in turn trade data with us .
tr	NN	I heard a muffled groan , and then his body shuddered as he spent himself , his movements at last slowing down .
tr	NN	The jeweled riders crested the hill .
tr	NN	He opened drawer after drawer and found nothing .
tr	NNS	" We used the bands just yesterday .
tr	NN	Any one of them would throw away his oath to get hold of a little more loot , a little more pull .
tr	NNS	He didn 't check for blood although I can see it , tiny red bubbles along the grooves of flesh .
tr	NNS	His already heightened senses flared even higher , sharpening to a feverish intensity .
tr	NN	Halfway down the ladder she stopped and looked again , then resumed her descent , finally jumping the last few feet into the small boat .
tr	NN	With shaking fingers , I answer her email .
tr	NN	Kind of sounds like cheating . "
tr	NN	It reached its desired altitude , and then levelled out .
tr	NN	Eva had a passport waiting for me there .
tr	NNS	The stream that ran past the bench created dancing reflections and shifting shadows .
tr	NNS	I would burn the houses of Allen 's competitors that wouldn 't cooperate . "
tr	NN	If his sister could stop him , she would have their loyalty .
tr	NNS	The welts did indeed look more like bruises than scratches .
tr	NNS	I could beat these cravings .
tr	NNS	He may give me the creeps sometimes , but I 'm not scared of him .
tr	NNS	The people who owned the house before me , loved roses and they left many varieties in the garden .
tr	NNS	But why would she cut all ties with everyone here , including her father ?
tr	NNS	I was feeling those vibes -- your vibes -- and then when Trina came on so strong ... " He trailed off .
tr	NNS	I push the distractions from my mind and focus on the lights .
tr	NN	We are cruising the tarmac , taxiing to and fro under the mild afternoon sun .
tr	NN	" Sure I know that loser .
tr	NNS	But I didn 't really hear the noises of the night .
tr	NN	Back in those days , we had possession of the most powerful of them all .
tr	NN	" Did anybody ? "
tr	NNS	His gaze promised all sorts of wicked things - or maybe it was my mind trying to make my fantasies a reality .
tr	NN	But according to the scuttlebutt this Nightshade operation already has a version of the founder 's formula .
tr	NN	She uttered a small growl of frustration , which I , being the jerk that I am , somehow found to be funny .
tr	NNS	Now , his apartment complex had some big bugs .
tr	NNS	He opened her thighs , draping her there , her feet flat on the floor .
tr	NN	We 'll get this package to your buyer . "
tr	NNS	He couldn 't arouse suspicions .
tr	NNS	As he reached for the buttons of his shirt and freed them , magic mimicked his movements with Victoria 's blouse .
tr	NN	I slung my backpack filled with my Kissing Coffins accessories on my shoulder and grabbed a container of garlic powder from the kitchen .
tr	NNS	" I made a few changes to your settings and stuff .
tr	NNS	" I 've heard the basics .
tr	NNS	He had three excuses rolling off his tongue that he hadn 't used yet , but paused before answering .
tr	NN	As I said at the beginning , your honor , I lay no claim to Andrew 's being anything but a robot .
tr	NN	They were facing a great divide in the land .
tr	NN	I open the fridge and see that Isabel has made a fresh round of sandwiches .
tr	NN	He pulled out the shovel and listened to Pete outline where the containment line was to be dug .
tr	NN	He ripped open the second package and pulled out a rope ladder .
tr	NNS	When I look at Dad , he gives me a thumbs up .
tr	NNS	" And how many hearts have you broken , Dec ? "
tr	NNS	To this end , I have assignments for each of you . "
tr	NN	You will follow my command , or I will hunt you down to slit your throat like a hog . "
tr	NN	Everybody shut the fuck up . "
tr	NN	Noddy took a peek between the curtains .
tr	NN	She wiped the leaking from her eyes , and staring sternly at them deflected their eyes .
tr	NN	He tugged an earlobe .
tr	NN	Without waiting for her agreement , he started the recording .
tr	NN	She improvises her own doom .
tr	NN	Sam could see a large chunk of what looked like an uncut diamond .
tr	NNS	I peek inside the stall manager 's and the estate manager 's offices , finding them hard at work on their computers .
tr	NNS	They were obviously living cats .
tr	NN	They reached the tower .
tr	NN	Where had he been hiding those abs ?
tr	NN	Jack rattled the doorknob .
tr	NN	I tumbled down the hill more than once , and my skirts offered no protection against the sharp edges of waste coal .
tr	NN	He grabbed another magazine and chuckled .
tr	NNS	He dropped the reins and stepped to the side , his sword leaving its scabbard at the same time as every other guard .
tr	NNS	John studied the incriminating photographs again .
tr	NN	As he waited for an answer that would never come , he heard the screen door slam behind him .
tr	NN	I fought back the urge to roll my eyes .
tr	NNS	Now we have six aluminium tart pans sitting on the table .
tr	NN	Jason tapped the keyboard and brought up an emblem of the German team .
tr	NNS	Logan shoots daggers at Gage .
tr	NN	" I had enough respect for Vargo 's abilities to think he 'd keep you safe .
tr	NNS	I gathered the reins in my left hand , slipped my stirrups , and slid to the ground .
tr	NN	We have an opera to catch . "
tr	NNS	As the car sped forward , Tom heard gun shots from behind .
tr	NNS	I see the deep gauges and try to move his hand , but fail again .
tr	NNS	But it left his ribs exposed for just a moment .
tr	NNS	Nodding slowly , I play my responses back in my mind .
tr	NN	We could create a trap for him , something to hold him until we have a plan . "
tr	NNS	I have the drugs in my possession .
tr	NN	I pulled the pillow back over my head .
tr	NN	In his voice I heard admiration of me , and a mournful longing .
tr	NNS	" We can 't have pets . "
tr	NN	Yves had put aside the King 's medal .
tr	NNS	He must be feeling all sorts of emotions right now .
tr	NNS	So prepare yourselves . "
tr	NNS	Small mounds of stones marked directions for hunters .
tr	NNS	We exchanged hugs and wished each other Merry Christmas before Jess asked where Scarlett was .
tr	NN	I threw my pencil down on the dining room table .
tr	NNS	A couple of years after he began shifting , he noticed the enhanced senses .
tr	NN	" Remember , in that time , the Church controlled every aspect of every person 's life .
tr	NN	He imagined her liver , kidneys and heart , then focused on her stomach and saw what she had eaten for lunch in a partially digested state .
tr	NN	I found a handwritten document tucked inside the front cover .
tr	NN	I studied the new diner , who was eating alone .
tr	NN	And it won 't have maple in it .
tr	NNS	" It means big animal messes , and I 'm having a premonition of me shoveling big animal messes all the way to St. Louis . "
tr	NNS	" Just follow the tracks and keep going straight .
tr	NN	I 'll have a cloth prepared .
tr	NN	What manner of enchantment was this ?
tr	NN	Or at least get the heating repaired .
tr	NN	I have faith in you Kol , become the hero I know you are meant to be . "
tr	NNS	He might have some skills as a Weaver , but a talking and singing henge pushed credibility .
tr	NNS	and the Owen brothers and the cowboys abandoned their plates and cups on the grass and hurried off to see the spectacle .
tr	NN	She just had her regular Botox treatment and her face looks frozen in place ; nothing moves , wrinkles , or reveals any kind of emotion whatsoever .
tr	NN	" Quickly , lock the door , " he ordered his knight .
tr	NN	" I have a bat . "
tr	NNS	Shane , Michael , and Eve closed ranks in front of her before Claire could draw a breath .
tr	NNS	" How in heaven did they see trinkets in these boxes . "
tr	NN	" I 'm packing my normal amount weaponry .
tr	NNS	Dad was grilling hamburgers , and we watched the men disappear into the woods .
tr	NNS	I pulled off my goggles , letting my eyes adjust to the dim light as I looked around the room .
tr	NNS	" I 'll dive blindfolded from the highest tree I can find . "
tr	NNS	He wrote the numbers down .
tr	NN	His fingers strummed her nipple .
tr	NNS	He was screaming obscenities at the kids .
tr	NNS	We ate finger sandwiches and chocolate caramels .
tr	NN	He kissed her temple , then stroked a hand through her silky hair .
tr	NN	I have built a tower or two .
tr	NNS	Presley dug her fingernails into her palms .
tr	NNS	We 've got multiple bites at the cherry here . '
tr	NNS	Or have perfectly healthy babies and abandon them .
tr	NN	At four feet I took another swing , and this time I only dented the outside edge .
tr	NN	" George , " I said , " you have a reputation as the mightiest hunter in the land .
tr	NNS	Lexie indicates the gate and cross skips in front of me .
tr	NNS	He walked a few blocks to her apartment , his feet freezing in the cold rain .
tr	NNS	Books , both recent and centuries old , stack the shelves , far out of reach from the salty clutches of high tide .
tr	NN	At last , I thought , I have reached the nation of poets .
tr	NN	He dropped his pen and it clattered and rolled across the floor .
tr	NNS	It sent currents straight to my heart , melting me , making me want to give him anything he wanted .
tr	NNS	I have back-up systems in my torso . "
tr	NN	I had always loved that broad staircase .
tr	NN	" Why do I get the impression that you think the solution to all my problems is to be more like you ? "
tr	NNS	He peels the mattress of the cot away from the frame .
tr	NNS	The esteemed congressman had millions stashed away and hidden , according to the records .
tr	NNS	' So we have no leads as of yet . '
tr	NNS	" Can you cook up those steaks in the fridge ? "
tr	NNS	Dmitry had been getting the reports delivered directly to him .
tr	NN	I closed the lid carefully .
tr	NN	Warren snatched the backpack from Nelson 's arm and held it out .
tr	NN	Cherry trees filled the landscape .
tr	NN	In Sara 's perception , not more than three days after Kevin 's return to duty , his wife had a regular visitor .
tr	NN	" You have my vote . "
tr	NN	Luckily , once I hit solid ground , the rain washed away the slime .
tr	NN	The day I learned my debt to the stone , so also I knew to fear the mountain .
tr	NN	To her right , she saw another envelope resting on her dresser .
tr	NN	Feeling at somewhat of a loss , I grabbed a rag and went from room to room , dusting the furniture .
tr	NN	Charlie lifted a cluster of clanking gear and a rope out of his pack .
tr	NN	" I was later assigned the security detail of a certain item that was entrusted to the company .
tr	NN	In the Blue Room , Mia was printing off material and stapling papers together .
tr	NN	Now that I was with him , there were too many things wearing down my resolve .
tr	NNS	We could give the witches their two days while Sydney went undercover with the Warriors .
tr	NN	She later questioned my humor , or rather my lack of it .
tr	NN	He tongued my nipple , sending electrical shocks of pleasure all the way down , making me buck against his waist .
tr	NNS	" Fewer deaths , more cubs . "
tr	NNS	He couldn 't read the cards without the glasses .
tr	NNS	With his free hand he rubs the emptiness of his belly .
tr	NN	She laid a circular tin on his chest .
tr	NNS	A few years ago we got seventeen inches of rain in two days and the Cumberland River swelled to flood the Grand Ole Opry .
tr	NNS	Once outside , Gregori forced the drugs through his pores to rid himself of the poison .
tr	NNS	A bit strange , but it takes all sorts , eh ?
tr	NNS	She had extra ribbons .
tr	NN	Really , lying in your arms has left an impression .
tr	NN	When she was finally close enough to take some pictures , she dug out the only tool still in her possession : her cell phone .
tr	NN	She absorbed the realization of how hard it was to let go .
tr	NN	Ignoring it , I put the pillow across my face and groaned .
tr	NN	My favorite part of your body just made me a very happy Were .
tr	NN	The kettle is electric and I never ever use gas in the morning , forgetting doesn 't enter the equation .
tr	NN	You look a little spooked . "
tr	NN	The cops probably hadn 't seen every detail of what just happened , but from the sounds , they knew enough to be alarmed .
tr	NNS	" When we were being assimilated , they never saw our abilities .
tr	NN	Harris had been handling Martha Evans 's estate when several pieces of expensive jewelry went missing .
tr	NNS	Maybe they were losing clients while we were flourishing .
tr	NNS	My pack only had twenty members , and each one was accounted for .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , sir ? "
tr	NNS	" I always kiss my victims . "
tr	NNS	I 'd prepare our supplies , so we 'd be ready to leave when replacements arrived .
tr	NN	" Since I owed Eric Pate a blood debt , and this was my way of repaying him . "
tr	NNS	Between them sat buckets full of bait and small coolers full of beer .
tr	NN	" As always , these talks save my sanity . "
tr	NN	She weighed this gesture .
tr	NN	" You 're wearing a kilt . "
tr	NNS	They increase our numbers .
tr	NN	Launching into action , she hauled the backpack from under her bed to finish packing .
tr	NN	we did some gardening this morning and we got all muddy so ... I took her upstairs and gave her a bath . "
tr	NN	We all need that same closure . "
tr	NN	I nodded weakly , which turned the volume up on the pain .
tr	NNS	I said my prayers and fell asleep .
tr	NN	She picked up her candle and strode from the room .
tr	NN	This somehow engenders a consciousness in all of us , which is majorly and perpetually reactive , as against the need of being receptive .
tr	NNS	Just give me a few bucks . "
tr	NN	" So you can have one more breakdown and then that 's it .
tr	NN	Aggressively he stamped out the butt .
tr	NN	He made a vague gesture .
tr	NNS	FOR EVER The big star inflames the clouds on the horizon and covers the plain with red .
tr	NNS	They exchanged greetings , then Shaw brewed Mack his double shot .
tr	NNS	As far as most gentry were concerned , sex equaled babies , end of story .
tr	NN	" You do need a haircut , Baby Boy . "
tr	NN	" I love this closet .
tr	NNS	She hovered two inches from my face , wavering , rocking in indecision , before she pressed her lips to mine .
tr	NNS	Screwing his eyes , his mind sought the verse lyrics .
tr	NN	" Did you guys have an argument or something ? "
tr	NNS	Plainly , I heard Devon 's breath hiss through his teeth in frustration .
tr	NN	Jason nods and returns the salute .
tr	NNS	I find rare gems .
tr	NNS	My fingertips brush his temples .
tr	NNS	Drago and I had a million jokes from the summer show .
tr	NN	Amara felt a warm current of fierce pride flow through her .
tr	NNS	I 'd probably have nightmares .
tr	NNS	His look spoke volumes to his older brother .
tr	NN	Cayman had hit the nail on the head when he said it only had to be a carnal sin .
tr	NN	" He probably scared the fish right out of the pond .
tr	NN	Michelle had a chilling realization then : She 's staring at me .
tr	NN	Jake braked the cart to a halt .
tr	NNS	" Brothers and sisters . "
tr	NN	Up above I saw the wire moving .
tr	NN	The lie didn 't even make her twitch .
tr	NNS	His stony gaze drops to the floor as he considers this .
tr	NNS	As the sun came up she closed the blinds on the small kitchen window plunging the room back into darkness .
tr	NNS	He placed his palms and his ear to the slime covered stone and closed his eyes .
tr	NNS	Wow , how many surprises can there be in one weekend ?
tr	NNS	Several members sucked their breaths in sharply .
tr	NNS	It had two plates filled with food , and candles added to it .
tr	NNS	It would drop its seeds , which would lie in wait in the shade of the parent plant , until that life-giving water found them .
tr	NNS	We are reprogramming the damaged circuits . "
tr	NN	As the control panel vanished , I slipped the medallion back beneath my shirt and she relaxed .
tr	NNS	I have both the powers of the White Witch line and the Dark Witch line .
tr	NN	Aw , you like the scruff ? "
tr	NNS	One can never entirely trust members of that class .
tr	NN	The previous night 's action occurred between 9 and 10 p.m. , based on the block of missing footage on the camera feed .
tr	NN	" To control the universe , to be a God . "
tr	NN	She felt the prick of a needle .
tr	NNS	" Loose the cats , too . "
tr	NN	Giant sycamores -- their leaves shed for winter -- dominated the landscape .
tr	NN	Eric set a good example for his underlings by sitting out in the bar at regular intervals .
tr	NNS	The child took her prayers seriously .
tr	NNS	He mentioned the performances and pointed out the nearby tavern and coffee shop .
tr	NN	I can 't take those moans .
tr	NNS	Silk rugs in chromatic shades of navy , gray , and black decorated the floors .
tr	NN	She had carried that star with her every day since she found it in the ashes .
tr	NNS	Tessa brought the condoms .
tr	NNS	Seeing the highway shooting up into the sky without any visible means of support numbed his senses .
tr	NN	" This man needs a cocktail . "
tr	NNS	The double doors matched the pillars and stretched high over their heads by several feet .
tr	NNS	He had metal fragments removed from his ribcage , and endured first and second degree burns up and down his left side .
tr	NNS	Bastian slapped his palms on the instrument panel .
tr	NNS	I zoomed the driver 's side cameras out a little .
tr	NN	She grabs the package out of my hand and places it on the ground .
tr	NN	" I didn 't just say crap ! "
tr	NN	He withdrew the vial of Holy oil from his valise and approached the corpse .
tr	NN	Her fingers covered the grade .
tr	NNS	I shoved through the crowds of punters , desperately searching for one big , stand-out lighthouse with two small , but highly distinctive prisoners in his hands .
tr	NNS	In the distance he glimpsed his companions riding , and as he charged after them he screamed .
tr	NNS	Plus , they have millions . "
tr	NN	" Do not take revenge in the heat of the moment .
tr	NN	She ran a tapered fingernail down the embroidery of the bed clothes as her mind drifted back into the nirvana of her dream .
tr	NNS	Elias followed his movements .
tr	NNS	" How about working backwards ?
tr	NNS	Grace voiced no complaints .
tr	NNS	' Not even twelve dollars ? '
tr	NNS	Andy noticed two security cameras in the main part of the hall .
tr	NN	Anything we do might well have an effect . '
tr	NN	Ec pulled open the trapdoor .
tr	NN	He drew his revolver .
tr	NNS	" I was merely complimenting your reporting skills .
tr	NN	I felt a grudging respect for him temper the budding hatred I 'd been nurturing .
tr	NN	' How many credit cards does a person need ? '
tr	NNS	He watched the buildings and the traffic .
tr	NNS	He might have been baring his fangs .
tr	NN	Suddenly , I felt a lump in my throat and my eyes were stinging .
tr	NN	Quinlan had that effect on her , always had .
tr	NNS	She was carrying two babies , and they were both his .
tr	NN	Matthew wrapped a towel around his waist and shaved , then walked in his room to get dressed .
tr	NN	She tossed a small anchor behind a fallen log and turned to face him .
tr	NN	Pat Kelly had a backpack that held all of his worldly belongings .
tr	NN	Also gather any cargo that is of questionable value and keep it close to the rail so that we can dump it easily . "
tr	NN	" Wasn 't the gift given to the monks a white cloth ? "
tr	NNS	Matteo rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	He grabbed a handful of clips and started to strategize .
tr	NNS	Hell , I would even take rough descriptions at this point ... Hair color , eye color , race ? "
tr	NN	They dumped the steaming liquid into the tub .
tr	NNS	He trusted his instincts , which had steered him through his meteoric rise .
tr	NNS	" Any arguments between them recently ? "
tr	NN	However , her emotions didn 't match the logic .
tr	NNS	Hell , he couldn 't even get enough balls to kiss her .
tr	NN	" It 's got more tape wrapped around it than a broken baseball bat . "
tr	NN	When I came running after you , I grabbed my emergency backpack .
tr	NN	I hated the admiration in his tone , not when all I felt was stark terror .
tr	NN	Andy got the occasional glimpse of the mountains outside the cockpit .
tr	NNS	" You really see yourselves in that light ? "
tr	NNS	He carefully hung the coats , shirt , and tie , and then tossed the remaining pieces at the hamper in the corner of the room .
tr	NNS	Nothing attracts new clients like a royal referral . "
tr	NN	Beyond the margins of sanity Denise banged the Honda 's dash , trying to restart the heater .
tr	NN	" Gods , Max ... I need your cock . "
tr	NNS	I have two healed ribs that should be his .
tr	NNS	Even with his glasses making her a bit fuzzy , her green eyes bore the marks of a sleepless night .
tr	NN	Gary hit the car horn .
tr	NNS	I cannot claim my lands unless things change .
tr	NNS	His job as a commander honed his instincts in watching others for signs of nearing the end of their reserves .
tr	NNS	Until I smell the roses .
tr	NNS	A few carried clubs -- any length of twisted metal would do -- which they raised high to smash us to the ground .
tr	NN	I visualize the pond and stare at the mole on Stewart 's large nose .
tr	NNS	Antonio 's voice had soothed her fears .
tr	NNS	Or her enthusiasm and immediate organizational skills ( she filled all the staplers on her morning break , you know , for fun ) .
tr	NNS	With the GRU unit on the hunt , he wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	He moved levers until an engine coughed to life .
tr	NNS	He was also bawling his brains out .
tr	NN	For a solid hour she beat her pillow , tossed and turned in an effort to find a comfortable position .
tr	NNS	She dropped her borrowed sandals onto the grass and gathered the hem of her skirt in her hands .
tr	NN	He uttered a low growl , and I felt the scrape of his fangs against my skin .
tr	NN	Then he patted the heavy block of gold .
tr	NN	" I 'll give it a good scrub .
tr	NNS	Tears had made their tracks through the dirt on his face , but his eyes were dry .
tr	NNS	Juliette inhaled the scents of the night , the combined scent of man and woman .
tr	NNS	" He 'll get three square meals a day ? "
tr	NNS	Her brows knotting , she scanned the other claw marks .
tr	NNS	I folded my cards when it was my turn , but Nicholas didn 't .
tr	NNS	Nick turned from boss to DJ and Emma received hugs and congratulations from hundreds of people , genuinely happy people .
tr	NNS	Lots of dark and heavy wood , velvet lined chairs , and Persian rugs on the floors .
tr	NNS	I had a hundred yards to cover to get to the gully .
tr	NNS	" You will have shields , but they will only absorb ninety-nine percent of whatever hits you .
tr	NN	With no small effort , she shook the sensation off .
tr	NN	The Fairy held the whip in his left hand and smirked proudly at his capture .
tr	NN	He grabbed some fresh pasta along with the ingredients for pesto .
tr	NN	She ignored the tremble in my voice , for which I was thankful .
tr	NNS	His teeth scraped over her skin , his lips feathered back and forth , his tongue took small tastes that drove her crazy with every touch .
tr	NNS	Then , he shut down the diesel engines .
tr	NNS	Johnny learned new guitar techniques and of new bands .
tr	NNS	And by midday , we reach the ruins .
tr	NN	It gave him solace in the night , but a whispering part of him knew that its power was small against what lived in the gloom .
tr	NNS	And I have rights .
tr	NNS	There , on the ridges beyond the wood , he could see bands of Assassins assembling , getting ready to hunt them down .
tr	NN	And then he felt the prick of a very wicked knife pressed against his throat .
tr	NN	I couldn 't see his rank , so I just yelled out his name .
tr	NN	He held the powder up to his nose , but Jake exhaled sharply , creating a cloud of dust which settled over the dashboard and the detective .
tr	NNS	Zane took deeper breaths , struggling to concentrate on the here and now and deal with the betrayal and anger later .
tr	NNS	He noticed drag marks in the dirt and weeds that were bent towards him , leading from the doorway to the dead child at his feet .
tr	NN	See the exit ramp they 're getting off on ? "
tr	NNS	" I will bring your meals to you for the duration .
tr	NN	Professor started spitting out some incoherent mess , then ran to the window and jumped out !
tr	NN	He has that farm out near Tanglewood Road , right ? "
tr	NNS	" They compromised my clients .
tr	NN	Vampire television time took first priority on most nights for her .
tr	NN	He has a patch over his eye and there 's a thin line of drool from his lip to the chest of his gray scrubs .
tr	NN	When I could play football again .
tr	NN	" She has a natural affinity for animals .
tr	NNS	Using Craft , he pulled back the covers and plumped up the pillows .
tr	NNS	And to buy her fine ribbons To tie up her hair .
tr	NN	He was just finishing a yawn when he saw Haven .
tr	NNS	I hear two gun shots while seeing blue clouds in the sky then blackness in my mind .
tr	NN	A run down shack , or a majestic building , perhaps a spiralling tower to the heavens , or even a mighty fortress .
tr	NNS	Clarity grabbed the back pockets of Montana ´ s Levis jeans , holding on to them until the Mercedes parked and stopped .
tr	NN	Even if Sydney admits that she lied , she still has a talisman hidden away somewhere that we won 't be able to find .
tr	NN	You had cream in the fridge .
tr	NNS	" Please dig 30 centimeters and get soil samples .
tr	NN	I had no self-control at that point .
tr	NN	" They need some privacy . "
tr	NN	Her heart gave a little shudder as she thought again about how she didn 't know anything about him .
tr	NN	The knowledge that she wanted him with such demanding urgency had much the same effect as pouring gasoline on open flames .
tr	NN	The police took Man , Friend and a couple of the staff who had seen the entire incident , back to the station for questioning .
tr	NNS	She had dreadful visions of him sneaking into Anna 's parents ' room , too crazed to know what he was doing .
tr	NNS	" I 've been shedding buckets for the past several days . "
tr	NNS	Even though he was her brother , even though she loved him more than any other person on this earth , she had no rights to him .
tr	NNS	We 've got patrols to manage , defenses to build . "
tr	NNS	Do not kill yourselves in the process .
tr	NNS	She was no longer running blindly and scared out of her mind .
tr	NNS	Now she really felt dizzy .
tr	NNS	They stopped their bikes on the hill overlooking the scene and said nothing .
tr	NN	He put his briefcase on the dining table .
tr	NN	He spotted the gargoyle statue he passed earlier upon entry .
tr	NN	The drop was a set up from the instant they entered the tower .
tr	NN	I resisted the impulse to scrub my hands along my arms .
tr	NNS	Haworth barely noticed the hateful stares and mutters from the Welsh that followed him and his entourage as they crossed the bailey .
tr	NNS	By his sophomore year in high school , he 'd gotten three offers for full scholarships to college after he graduated .
tr	NNS	I raked my fingernails from where they had dug into his back down his sides , and he began to thrust inside me in earnest .
tr	NNS	He has no survival skills .
tr	NN	You can check your email .
tr	NNS	I flip through a few more pages .
tr	NNS	When you 're done , we 'll walk the various routes and see if we can get an average timeline . "
tr	NN	It didn 't match the unrest that lingered in me .
tr	NN	Derek 's grandmother is wielding her umbrella like a sword in front of the doorman 's face .
tr	NNS	He walked the hallways , delaying the moment when he would reach the family wing .
tr	NN	Give her some credit ; she 'll be just fine .
tr	NN	A cold wind set his hip aching .
tr	NNS	I heard the blades of a helicopter churning through the air .
tr	NN	He selected a baggy blue t-shirt , with a small white stripe that ran from the collar to the hem .
tr	NNS	" I 've been expanding my concepts .
tr	NNS	As has customs and immigration .
tr	NNS	They eagerly and lavishly pour millions into her campaign coffers .
tr	NN	His other hand was pinching and twisting my other nipple .
tr	NNS	She grabbed the handlebars and yanked the bike around .
tr	NN	Both of us ... we each simply have a different agenda .
tr	NNS	He used his thumbs to seal the edge of the pie , " He 's got a talent for it . "
tr	NNS	About Mark Mackey Mark Mackey lives in Chicago , twice he 's won Indie Gathering screenplay awards .
tr	NNS	He suffered extensive burns , but he lived . "
tr	NN	" Shouldn 't we hold a reception in their honor ? "
tr	NN	I felt my forehead scrunching .
tr	NNS	In the sky far to her left she saw bursts of light and wondered if it was lightning or exploding shells .
tr	NN	He slipped off his gown and removed the cap during his journey to the school 's main office .
tr	NN	They also said a rumor that the prince -- the king -- had married some duke 's daughter , but they weren 't sure they believed it .
tr	NNS	She had few items , considering she was twenty-five years old .
tr	NNS	She teased his whiskers .
tr	NN	" I know , honey , I know .
tr	NNS	He picked up two paint tubes .
tr	NN	But instead of answering , Mada coughed into his hands a chunk of fruit .
tr	NN	I have no main suspect , no real reason for this turn of events .
tr	NN	Clay indicated the traffic .
tr	NNS	Darrin raised his palms in surrender .
tr	NN	Dahlia resumed towel drying her hair , wishing she had a brush .
tr	NN	Alejo hid his displeasure behind a passive mask .
tr	NNS	Clay rubbed the whiskers on his chin .
tr	NN	" With the resources at his disposal , he could wreak havoc . "
tr	NN	He needed the solitude , the peace , the company of someone who understood at least a little of what he had gone through .
tr	NN	She disappeared down the circular staircase with a rustle of petticoats and silk .
tr	NN	She 'd chosen a long , midnight blue , beaded gown interspersed with silver that danced whenever she moved .
tr	NNS	Only the periphery of the building had classrooms the rest of the first floor was consumed by an open outdoor courtyard .
tr	NNS	With each passing day , Matthew Wong 's answers create conditions that whittle down his potential mates .
tr	NNS	Twitch shooed the deer away with his hand , and it bounded off .
tr	NNS	I used my connections to get his access codes . "
tr	NN	I 'd rather not choose the method of my own execution .
tr	NN	Was it her imagination or were his cheeks a little ruddy ?
tr	NNS	Slow your hearts . "
tr	NN	He pulled back a curtain .
tr	NNS	" Thank the gods for that . "
tr	NNS	" He could have gotten shots off when we came on the porch . "
tr	NN	Besides , I assume Casey 's crow ? "
tr	NNS	' Why do you only carry two knives ? '
tr	NN	She padded barefoot to the coffeemaker , poured herself a cup , and moved over to one of the stools on the opposite side of the island .
tr	NN	Isaac , in turn , has fostered that devotion ; her son is at his right hand constantly .
tr	NN	Garrett would give her good advice on whether to buy or borrow one .
tr	NNS	See those short white buildings , and then just east of that there 's a mission . "
tr	NN	" So how do you like your new neighborhood so far ? "
tr	NNS	They can 't get their shields back up in time .
tr	NN	Lea felt respect for Tania , from one boxer to another .
tr	NNS	We 've been using robots freely on Earth for something close to a hundred fifty years now , but it 's all changing again .
tr	NN	It displayed a Greek mountain temple with a prominent capital epsilon in the center , announcing the upcoming exhibit about the Oracle of Delphi .
tr	NNS	" Tell your connections those goons back there are driving my car , which means somehow they got on base . "
tr	NNS	We do not walk past ghosts of men who tried to steal my family .
tr	NN	" Four lengths now , According to the old charts we should be entering the void bubble caused by the primary shortly .
tr	NN	He removes a pen from the pocket of his jacket and his hand swiftly moves across the paper as he scribbles down some notes .
tr	NNS	You walked down thirty-three floors ? "
tr	NNS	It had two glass panels pushed outwards and looked over the rooftops at the city beyond .
tr	NN	What she saw made her tremble with foreboding .
tr	NN	" My suitcase didn 't have a padlock . "
tr	NN	I open the lid to the washing machine and see a small mound of wet clothes clumped at the bottom .
tr	NNS	" I 'm only making two hundred dollars a pop , so - " he laughed " - you don 't have much to worry about . "
tr	NNS	That hate-filled stare had haunted my nightmares ever since , even though I knew Loki was locked up where he couldn 't hurt me .
tr	NN	I patted the Mustang 's dashboard .
tr	NN	Show her the boundary , if you would , so she can steer clear of it until this is over .
tr	NN	At once he accepted all M 's faith in the girl 's story , however crazy it might be .
tr	NN	" I might have grease under my fingernails , Lori , but I 'm not a country bumpkin .
tr	NN	I hook my shoe in the handle and pull .
tr	NN	I had run the gauntlet , completed another year 's worth of rituals and trials .
tr	NNS	Y ou 're recovering data . "
tr	NNS	I pushed aside the candles I had up here for night visits and pulled out a couple of novels and a bag of crisps .
tr	NNS	At best , he would forfeit all his lands and titles ; at worst , he 'd forfeit his life .
tr	NN	Could I make a getaway having shrugged off their attention ?
tr	NNS	Except for Daphne , everybody had some lumps , bumps , and bruises .
tr	NN	He recounted first the snare trap they had created and then Daniel 's explosion .
tr	NN	He swerved the Humvee sharply and Brandon groaned from the back .
tr	NNS	In mid June , the girls slaughter regained the front pages of newspapers .
tr	NNS	The twinkling blue has some tiny sparkles of white and pink too .
tr	NN	She closed the drawer .
tr	NNS	" And taking my fine students with you ?
tr	NN	Hal 's axe struck the practice dummy with a force powerful enough to rival that of a charging bison .
tr	NN	He lifted the lid and pointed it at the building .
tr	NN	Bo cinched the knot tight .
tr	NN	One day , in the mail , Dallas received a package and inside was a perfect copy of the Book of The Prophets .
tr	NNS	Did you bat those pretty eyelashes at somebody around here ? "
tr	NNS	His lumpy mattress left knots in his shoulders , a feeling not uncommon to the nights spent asleep in the barn back home .
tr	NN	She interrupted his speech with a sarcastic , " Uh-huh , " but he continued to talk .
tr	NNS	For taking desperate measures to protect her family .
tr	NNS	Nicole gave a breathless laugh at the train sound and then slid out from between the two men , leaving them inches apart .
tr	NNS	He would always have protective instincts , but she liked that about him .
tr	NN	The long vacated office building , found by Michael , still had electricity .
tr	NN	She set the bunny down and promptly embraced me .
tr	NN	The levels were once Egyptian tombs concealing hidden treasure .
tr	NNS	He opened his preternatural senses while he waited , grinned as he caught snatches of conversation from the dressing room .
tr	NNS	I have all sorts of excuses that even she will have to agree with .
tr	NNS	The parking lot served three buildings , and snaked between them .
tr	NNS	Demonic magic , of course , has its own runes that could be theoretically inscribed on a person 's flesh .
tr	NN	Mike knew avoidance when he saw it .
tr	NNS	We will not take babies under one year old unless the mother is coming . '
tr	NNS	" Why do you have the black candles ? "
tr	NNS	He carefully checked his expectations though with the Germans ' track record from the last two hours of interrogation .
tr	NNS	Maggie inspected the cross marks left by Soldado .
tr	NN	Somehow I resisted the urge to go psychotic tree monkey on him .
tr	NN	They got the fire department involved and everything , so it 's legal .
tr	NNS	His hard eyes followed Ty 's movements .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , I wear the ties . "
tr	NN	When she had checked on Solstice earlier she had resisted the urge to pull back the blankets or the dressing .
tr	NN	Brenda didn 't realize the folly of her ways as she , too , perished in the angry wave of red energy that swept over her .
tr	NNS	He could use his powers to make the women leave , but he didn 't want to interfere with her business .
tr	NN	Glossop and Bill the Blizzard and even old Jewel have ten times their intelligence . "
tr	NNS	They had wheels and a tank full of gas .
tr	NNS	" We will use the maintenance tunnels that run parallel to the underground .
tr	NN	' The boy and I could have been arguing philosophy instead of molesting fish while we came across the mountains . '
tr	NN	He dropped his glass carelessly inside the door panel .
tr	NN	He heard her plea , but he was too far gone to think much on it .
tr	NN	She knew her positive attitude transferred into the glow in her cheeks , the straightening of her posture and the excitement rushing through her veins .
tr	NN	He started the tape over a half-dozen times before he gave up .
tr	NNS	The old , damaged parts of the eye can poison the treated areas and cause them to revert back to their dysfunctional form . "
tr	NNS	" Oh , she 's got candles and incenses burning all over the house for some big ceremonial shindig or something tonight . "
tr	NN	I did my duty .
tr	NN	My hair has some curl to it , but Pam 's is a paler blond and very straight .
tr	NN	Flat black with electric blue and brown , it held a motorcycle on a hill that was silhouetted by a full moon .
tr	NNS	He stepped up his efforts and flung hundreds of horrifying images at me , but I tossed them aside like garbage .
tr	NN	Kit stifled a growl as she sat down , focusing her attention on the man who occupied the chair opposite .
tr	NNS	We put the balls in the tray and put up the sticks ?
tr	NN	He thanked the pub owner and walked out the door to follow the crowd .
tr	NN	" That 's a bad idea , " Doug finally announces his comprehension .
tr	NNS	" Did you sell drugs for this man ? "
tr	NNS	" I 've made some recent additions .
tr	NNS	Then he pulled back a few inches to stare down at her .
tr	NN	She slips the clean gown over my head , presses a cup of heated wine into my hands , and goes to warm the bed .
tr	NNS	I counted three floors with an octagonal room in one corner of the house that served as a turret of kinds .
tr	NN	Here I was , the Queen of the Iron Fey , passing out in my own hall .
tr	NN	He has a cave troll .
tr	NN	" I don " t like these Neck Bolts .
tr	NN	David took his time answering .
tr	NNS	Where I might shore up my strengths and unleash it on the fools in control below .
tr	NN	I cannot deny anyone the possibility of being a part of history . "
tr	NN	What the fuck more did Roche want ?
tr	NN	I held my scowl for a few seconds longer , but then I was laughing as well .
tr	NNS	" I don 't need confessions . "
tr	NN	He gave a soft shrug .
tr	NNS	" I was inspecting possible sites for a new sewer treatment plant .
tr	NNS	" How is your bride handling these unsettled seas ? "
tr	NN	He then took Kane 's example and edged along the periphery of the turnaround versus going straight across , sticking to the deepest shadows .
tr	NN	General Kaplan was now gathering up a summary made from the minority report .
tr	NNS	" I 'll break some balls with you guys . "
tr	NN	I got the memo about this too late .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths , really thinking about it .
tr	NN	Part of her would be dead , her capacity for love permanently stunted .
tr	NN	Zeke had tracked the stuffed buffalo down through his contacts .
tr	NN	Scott wouldn 't take Patch 's advice seriously .
tr	NNS	If she had a wonderful boat like this , thought Jenna , she would give the dragon two huge emeralds for eyes .
tr	NNS	He had his suspicions about them and their motives .
tr	NN	" You mean , we would sign a lease together ? "
tr	NN	" But we may have just stolen their deity , and we used the last bag of salt last night . "
tr	NNS	I have three sisters .
tr	NN	After all , her reputation and her image fed the girl next door persona .
tr	NNS	My mind is playing tricks on me .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , but I like rudeness . "
tr	NN	Only for a moment did he appear disbelieving .
tr	NN	" Trust me , Jackson doesn 't have any shortage of clients to train .
tr	NNS	I detect its tiny movements left and right , forward and back , and absorb each bounce as it rolls over the rails .
tr	NN	" You don 't want a lawsuit over this . "
tr	NN	' Well , you 've certainly changed your tune .
tr	NN	I had the case file copied and it 's in a safe place , just in case any evidence from the original file goes missing .
tr	NNS	We did some islands in Southern California last year with Marco . "
tr	NNS	Did you see the marks on her neck ?
tr	NN	I had the urge to reach across the bar and slap her , but I thought that might make me look bad .
tr	NN	" I will get a big belly so the baby has room to grow . "
tr	NN	Davis could have just as easily struck straight south , " Ezra pointed in that direction , " And been into Virginia right away .
tr	NNS	" They didn 't give you these powers .
tr	NNS	We have some really lovely benefits in that area . "
tr	NN	Acquire a janitor 's uniform , and stay busy long enough to see where the keys to the narcotics cabinet are kept . "
tr	NNS	' When we do find him , he 'd better have some very good excuses for this little excursion . '
tr	NNS	He unlocked his jaws .
tr	NN	I have a condo in Yorkville . "
tr	NNS	Across the gravel lot , about fifty yards away , sat two black vans .
tr	NNS	Taking DNA samples , looking for some commonality . "
tr	NNS	Brittany echoed my sentiments .
tr	NNS	They hauled their drunken selves outside and into the crisp autumn air .
tr	NN	His mouth took possession of hers .
tr	NN	" You are turning understatement into an art form . "
tr	NNS	She felt her father 's loneliness and fear fall over her as if they were her own .
tr	NN	Harold graciously returned the gesture .
tr	NNS	They are only considered shadow dwellers because as you should know , they have been manipulated in the past by dark magic .
tr	NN	One carried a basket , covered with a cloth that moved .
tr	NN	" Oh my goodness . "
tr	NN	I just had an epiphany this morning and I feel that I need to be there .
tr	NN	He felt her body wrap around his , enveloping him in love , the blooming product of their two souls brewing in her womb .
tr	NNS	" Madness can take many forms , " he said , " and each one stems from fear .
tr	NNS	To keep myself calm and occupied , I 'm carefully entwining four straightened paper clips in my lap to form a small ring .
tr	NNS	Joan , take the reins ! "
tr	NN	Harcourt , his face red , repeated his protest : " Send some clones .
tr	NN	My snooping didn 't yield much useful info besides how to install them , but here 's what I do know .
tr	NNS	I might steam the rugs . "
tr	NN	He lifted his snout , ready to shoot up , but he heard barking and again focused on the ground .
tr	NN	Melvin paid their admission and they went inside .
tr	NN	Tilting her chin up , she let the words rol off her tongue without remorse .
tr	NNS	I lost two sons that day , and I 'm so sorry , Jimmy . "
tr	NN	He deserved the tormenting he was about to get .
tr	NNS	He had so many sons and daughters that Gatsby couldn 't see how the man could even keep their names straight .
tr	NN	He rolled the condom over his length with shaky hands .
tr	NN	Came a shout off to their right .
tr	NN	Like it or not , Holiday had found some respect for the vampire .
tr	NN	He held up the steak as I approached .
tr	NN	Ethan accepted the muffin and took a healthy bite .
tr	NNS	Organized killers frequently chose victims they did not know to reduce the chances that the crime could be traced back to them .
tr	NNS	" I 'll keep the nightmares away .
tr	NNS	Pale luminous icicles hung in the thousands .
tr	NN	I took off my stinky boot and threw it into the water downstream .
tr	NN	I grabbed my rod and yanked it back , but the bobber resurfaced without tension in the line .
tr	NN	He unleashed a low , nasty growl as his jowls dripped thick saliva on my chest .
tr	NN	He wore a t-shirt , his hand up to shield his eyes , squinting in the glare of the afternoon sun .
tr	NN	With an impatient gesture , she pushed the visor up but left the helmet on , so she could remain inconspicuous in the darkness .
tr	NNS	They also held torches , their shadows bouncing off the walls .
tr	NNS	I pushed up my breasts to look more like the woman who 'd served us at his club , but the effect wasn 't the same .
tr	NN	" Parker , got your magazine today . "
tr	NN	She heard the truck door slam behind her , then Grant grabbed her shoulders .
tr	NNS	He switched positions , easing himself over her until he lay on top .
tr	NN	They even offer a fluorescent ink option so that the words will glow in the dark for prisoners in solitary confinement .
tr	NNS	She tossed her cards on the table .
tr	NN	" Very much like a trial .
tr	NN	He lifted out the soil carefully .
tr	NNS	They fired staccato bursts from handheld Uzi machine guns .
tr	NN	Chapter Eighteen Paris felt her body tense as he reached for her .
tr	NNS	" Get waters boiling just right , and you 'll be surprised what will come to the surface . "
tr	NN	She recognized the local dialect .
tr	NNS	All you have to do is program your numbers in there . "
tr	NNS	" I am taking no chances at this point .
tr	NNS	With a quick look around , he saw Brandy ground hitched , contentedly munching grass and no other horse present .
tr	NNS	Maybe if she faced the temptation he posed and overcame it , he 'd lower his defenses and treat her like any other coworker .
tr	NNS	His attention followed my movements as I pulled away , a mixture of surprise , annoyance , and confusion apparent in his features .
tr	NN	" I 'll get a nightgown . "
tr	NNS	He wiped his palms on the legs of his jeans before he took a deep breath and pulled open the door .
tr	NNS	The agony of the impact jolted his senses and he could see , smell , touch and hear again .
tr	NNS	Especially considering the recent developments with your new Spirit Level . "
tr	NNS	A moment later , I opened my eyes to see Eddie 's worried , but ecstatic , face a few inches from mine .
tr	NNS	" The last band we saw , the lead singer threw paint balloons into the crowd ... " " Oh , yeah .
tr	NNS	Jennifer scanned the first five pages , at the end of which little Kyle was walking and all of eighteen months old .
tr	NNS	He exposed its lies .
tr	NN	Will set his menu aside .
tr	NN	She perused the rack , flipping through the long silken garments .
tr	NN	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	" And Peter doesn 't do drugs ? "
tr	NN	Surely I can reach success too , if I only try !
tr	NNS	He used his last reserves of strength to clench Nikolai 's arm and hold his wrist away .
tr	NN	" I 'll get you some breakfast , stop fretting , " I flipped his braid before going back to the stove .
tr	NN	" Could I have the fork ? "
tr	NN	One had a big golden dragon painted on the sign that was swinging in the breeze , and the other was painted in bright and garish colours .
tr	NN	I got the ice cream , and began walking home .
tr	NN	Looks like a shack . "
tr	NN	He popped the trunk and unzipped a large canvas bag that sat inside .
tr	NN	We 're getting oxygen . "
tr	NN	Mr. Martinez flags down a waiter , says something in Spanish , and then takes a seat in the empty chair .
tr	NNS	But with time you will understand the witches .
tr	NNS	If it began killing the Outsiders , we would need miracles to save us .
tr	NN	This last attempt at knowing her , of seeing behind the closed eyes , has returned a row of zeroes .
tr	NNS	The Dead Kennedy 's t-shirt featured the bands ' DK ' logo which Theo quite liked so he asked if he could have that one .
tr	NNS	Your progress on the book regressed around thirty pages , hard to tell exactly because it 's a paperback volume .
tr	NNS	" But that will not satisfy our ancestors . "
tr	NN	When night fell , Ares slumbered and Dionysus took the throne .
tr	NN	" If we win the lottery ?
tr	NNS	They scoured the monorail tunnels .
tr	NN	He struggled over the slang , but didn 't let it stop him .
tr	NNS	He 'd spoken both titles and either one made instant sense of this amazing place .
tr	NNS	Several more times he moved a couple inches , pulling out , then gently pushing back in .
tr	NN	The feel of her silken limbs tangled so intimately with his kept his prick hard and aching .
tr	NN	Let the faery into the house .
tr	NNS	As Ethan 's hearing returned , he picked out new howls echoing through the tunnel .
tr	NNS	" Listen , the cons outweigh the pros here .
tr	NNS	And if I said that often enough , I just might convince my giddy hormones .
tr	NNS	" I don 't know everything Goldie .
tr	NN	Michael made a helpless gesture with his hands .
tr	NNS	He could work miracles .
tr	NN	And a foot race only a few feet away from a sheer cliff didn 't sound all that enticing .
tr	NNS	" We will have refreshments on the terrace . "
tr	NN	" Get a patch through to Jeannie at Central for the fold . "
tr	NN	She knew her stepfather hated her .
tr	NN	On his journey into the unknown Bob noticed other craft similar to the one on which he was being transported .
tr	NN	To study furniture design .
tr	NN	Deep inside her , she felt his hard , thick shaft stretching her , filling her , sending sensation after sensation rippling through her body .
tr	NN	Through the long narrow windows of the telephone booth she could see the receiver swinging to and fro .
tr	NNS	They had paid her two hundred thousand dollars in cash .
tr	NN	Then she heard a snicker behind them .
tr	NN	I haven 't seen a glimpse of any of you in weeks .
tr	NNS	Yes , the females had breasts , but withered ones , which were nearly not noticeable to some extent .
tr	NN	Tucker felt no pity .
tr	NNS	Thompson drained the last few drops from his glass and sat down again .
tr	NNS	They passed a few more family plots and single graves before moving on to another lane that brought them to the middle of the cemetery .
tr	NN	She stopped a few feet in front of me and waited , her features unmoving , her head tilted at a slight angle .
tr	NN	Tavi felt his mouth twitch , but that was as close as he could get to smiling back .
tr	NN	Not because he suffered a defeat .
tr	NN	Janelle skimmed the long article .
tr	NNS	She had heard tales of the harsh winters , the native people , and all manners of wild beasts .
tr	NNS	Do they round up the victims ... ? "
tr	NNS	A soft blush highlighted the freckles on her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Slowly , ever so slowly , Stone regained his senses .
tr	NNS	I wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	And I never lost control again , " he said remotely .
tr	NNS	They put out the candles and lay down together .
tr	NNS	These governments -- the ones that banded together -- spent massive sums to find this particular facility and to obtain our technology .
tr	NNS	You just negotiated the terms .
tr	NNS	Her two friends stumbled backwards and viewed their creation .
tr	NN	" You took Jacob Crawford 's cloning design and made it a reality . "
tr	NN	Cassidy honked the horn at me when she pulled into the parking lot .
tr	NN	She grabbed her handbag and practically ran toward the door .
tr	NNS	There were broken mirrors in my head , sweat and pain , a glimpse of my father 's heartbroken face and green eyes luminous with tears .
tr	NN	" He swore an oath to keep our relationship quiet . "
tr	NN	She pulled out a canister of pepper spray , holding it up for Jason 's approval .
tr	NNS	Modern science could do wonders these days .
tr	NN	I can 't hold back a smirk that would rival his best .
tr	NN	He patted the dashboard again and cautiously made his way back toward the road .
tr	NNS	Later she forced her ten sisters to read every word .
tr	NN	He deserved a fair and honest trade .
tr	NN	The boy opened the trunk , where I thrown my bag and got up in the car , saying hi to his parent .
tr	NN	Caden didn 't acknowledge Rachel 's affection , though .
tr	NN	Men , such as er myself , prefer a chase .
tr	NNS	His eyes trail my movements and his arms fold over his chest .
tr	NNS	Her moans rose , confessions of the arousal that had fractured the shackles of hostility and memory and logic , drowned them and her .
tr	NNS	I need all my faculties .
tr	NN	He requested this favor of me but he needs to do his part .
tr	NNS	You must have attended many balls back in your home city . "
tr	NN	Right now I had an adorable kitten who wanted some attention .
tr	NNS	" And we could have been killed , " Anna said thinly .
tr	NNS	Curious , she turned the pages , marveling at how hectic his life was , yet he 'd still made time for their venture .
tr	NNS	" Thirty-six cents . "
tr	NN	My fingernails traced the hairline at the nape of his neck .
tr	NN	You have that tiny little indentation right there ... " He brushed the spot with the pad of his thumb . "
tr	NN	If I was caught in this dream , I might as well fulfill the original goal of keeping her away from the brunt of spirit .
tr	NNS	Rising from a chair in the kitchen , Sloane rubbed her damp palms against her pants .
tr	NN	Nothing in your record shows unusual mental health or behavioral issues .
tr	NNS	I watched the floor numbers ticking down : 25 , 24 , 23 ... They seemed to be moving in slow-motion .
tr	NNS	" Fine , make jokes , but this ain 't Kansas anymore . "
tr	NNS	In addition , the U.S. will be sending medical and humanitarian supplies to Guinea-Bissau starting tomorrow .
tr	NN	You 've been receiving some bad advice lately .
tr	NNS	She refocused her efforts , trying to picture the demonic presence as bound and shrinking .
tr	NN	How will you get the Great Sphinx through customs ? "
tr	NN	Paul had saved the bird , and had since made sure the feeder contained a block of suet even in summer .
tr	NN	If you know how to slap kidneys , you will achieve some internal bleeding and the person will vomit blood after some time .
tr	NNS	" I don 't regret my actions . "
tr	NN	I let the sarcasm flow .
tr	NN	" The people never have the power , " he said wearily , " only the illusion of it .
tr	NN	Selma pulled the towel to cover herself .
tr	NNS	Forget the dramatic changes about to come .
tr	NNS	They had high expectations and little patience .
tr	NN	" Well , you stopped the branch .
tr	NN	She obviously couldn 't find an argument for that , so she tried a different tact .
tr	NN	He let the hot water wrap around his human body , soaking the aching muscles .
tr	NN	At that point , Jamie exited the stable , leading a pregnant and frightened mare out to the paddock .
tr	NNS	To be honest , she enjoyed the nightmares more .
tr	NN	It represents a huge advance over the formula .
tr	NN	Did they have a dragon factory pumping out ful - grown soldiers , ready for battle ?
tr	NN	I resist the urge to lay my hand on his thigh , but I can 't make myself move away from him .
tr	NNS	Drew pulled the handlebars back hard , but the highway fought him for every inch .
tr	NN	What if she could see her friends defying her , see her screwing up so badly ?
tr	NNS	If I had not intervened you would have wiped yourselves out in a bitter civil war and this planet would be barren in six years . "
tr	NN	" I 've already got an appointment to have the stitches removed tomorrow .
tr	NN	He should have seen his angst ; he should have stopped him , demanded that they ski together .
tr	NNS	Her telepathic capabilities had kept those dates short and devoid of sex while rich , literally , in outcomes .
tr	NN	He remembered his father 's advice on scrapping : that a good punch to the ribs would always inflict some decent pain .
tr	NNS	" I 've got billions , Katie .
tr	NNS	Coming from a family of loving con artists , Zoe didn 't normally trust outsiders easily .
tr	NN	Delilah had wrapped the rope around Boone 's wrist before he knew what hit him .
tr	NN	Women of the settlements wouldn 't buy fish for a week after a traditional sea burial .
tr	NNS	" When I turn , I have very heightened senses and instincts .
tr	NN	Took credit for any of our successes and laid all of his failures on us .
tr	NN	She lacked the capacity for such an emotion .
tr	NN	They 'll reach the farm and kill everyone . "
tr	NN	I took pity on him .
tr	NNS	Studying my motions like some sick stalker or something .
tr	NNS	He no longer doubted the visions of the black lotus .
tr	NN	Reluctantly Luci jumped off the swing and walked toward the school to get her backpack .
tr	NN	Instead , he caught the pillow and propped it behind him as if she had been passing it to him for his comfort .
tr	NN	Her eyes wild , she wrenched the dagger from his waist .
tr	NNS	All I had to do now was distract the giants until the right moment .
tr	NN	I had a needle in my arm , and I squinted down at my blood running into a bag .
tr	NNS	I nodded and clutched the hides around me in an effort to control the shaking .
tr	NNS	She touches Kira 's braids .
tr	NN	Horace nudged his casing over to Abe 's foot .
tr	NN	Eventually , like a Where 's Wally puzzle , Claire spotted an unoccupied bunk near the window .
tr	NNS	She can carry provisions for four hundred and seventy-five men for one full year , and her present complement is four hundred and five officers and men !
tr	NNS	The special clothing from her field pack would reflect her surroundings so that she appeared to fade into them .
tr	NN	He enjoyed this status , but he didn 't understand the reasons .
tr	NNS	When I got home I pulled out a few envelopes and touched the personal items inside , just to see what kind of impression I would get .
tr	NNS	" My people just had their noses bloodied by these guys and would like a little payback .
tr	NN	We 're sending an e-mail out to everyone in case you forget . "
tr	NNS	One last flash of the Black drained the Warlord 's Jewels and burned out all of the man 's psychic power , finishing the kill .
tr	NN	What the crap did that mean ?
tr	NNS	We will get our families back and the pack is not going to come for me . "
tr	NNS	Wolves don 't eat wolves .
tr	NNS	I swallowed several deep breaths .
tr	NNS	Through my bottle of wine induced haze I 'd been counting cards ; so I knew he 'd been cheating for the last few hands .
tr	NNS	I laid out my expectations .
tr	NNS	" I would expect better living conditions for a Dacian than the spit of a cabin these vampires are living in . "
tr	NNS	And double your search efforts . "
tr	NN	As she was making her rounds , Emery walked down the staircase and entered the ballroom as well , along with Jonah .
tr	NN	She heard the girls snicker in the bedroom .
tr	NNS	" And they move those ships regularly .
tr	NN	He wiped the condensation from his water glass .
tr	NN	When someone this strong and prideful had a heartache , it made an impression .
tr	NN	" Totally , Burning Man , over . "
tr	NNS	It required the skills of a full-blown Citizen to deal with them .
tr	NN	Owain reached us first , his armour shining in the sunlight giving him the appearance of a bronze statue or a warrior god in his full glory .
tr	NNS	Training my eyes on the table , I took deep breaths and tried to think of nice things like puppies and kittens ... and Nikolas .
tr	NN	But we had a blast in that house . "
tr	NN	The eagle hit the patch of colored light on the white snow without slowing , as if it was diving into a pool of liquid water .
tr	NNS	They regularly attended Amy 's school conferences and plays together .
tr	NNS	I dismount and drop the reins at the base of the dune , effectively tethering Galen to the spot , before I help Samantha down .
tr	NNS	Adda gathered all the ingredients and set them on the counter in front of me .
tr	NN	I ask your pardon .
tr	NNS	I called hospitals , and police departments and then finally fell asleep on the couch in tears , convinced he had left me for good .
tr	NN	What the devil could I have done with it ? "
tr	NNS	One , you 're late for the meeting with the other editors , and two , you hate hospitals .
tr	NNS	They all gathered chemicals , ducking under Vena 's roots hanging like badly strung party streamers .
tr	NNS	It has several settings . "
tr	NNS	Needless to say , Justices took their assignments very seriously and they never failed to complete them .
tr	NNS	" You will begin your rituals by changing into robes and slippers . "
tr	NNS	The vines covered all the houses in both directions , and the street itself was over grown with large clumps of grass and the vines .
tr	NN	His hand rubbed her hip .
tr	NNS	" When you went after the trespassers , we closed ranks and moved inside . "
tr	NN	But I feel his potential to do something truly dreadful simmering right beneath the surface .
tr	NN	She felt the wagon swaying lightly and she knew they were entering the Grassland 's .
tr	NN	Laughing , she entered the stall , checked his water and then went to the trailer for some oats and hay .
tr	NNS	I have no excuses to offer and it should have been prevented . "
tr	NN	He exhaled a groan .
tr	NNS	I eat cow brains . ' "
tr	NNS	" I am having visions of Eason 's life , Why ? "
tr	NN	Rarely had Rich experienced such contentment .
tr	NN	He recognized the design and it was Council , not Federation .
tr	NNS	I close the pages I had open on the computer , trying to remain calm .
tr	NNS	Only she never called them robots .
tr	NNS	He contacted the vendors needed to perform the specially requested jobs and scheduled the work .
tr	NN	He stopped her midway in the huge sunlit corridor leading to her quarters .
tr	NNS	Should he simply drive the back roads in the vicinity of the kidnapping , listening with his new acute hearing for the victims , cries ?
tr	NN	" I 'd like a real favor , if you don 't mind . "
tr	NN	That made the hobbit most dreadfully uncomfortable and scattered his wits .
tr	NN	Just the thought of him set her body tingling .
tr	NN	He rolled the softball again , claiming two more soldiers .
tr	NNS	I mean , they had these little fingernails and tiny teeth so you can 't really blame them for losing most of their prey .
tr	NN	He knew damn well the effect his bare body had on her .
tr	NNS	Afterward , haul their remains away and burn them .
tr	NN	" You like the fresh powder ? "
tr	NN	My voice held conviction ; it had to be fine .
tr	NNS	He probably woke up and realized that ye deserved more than a drunken wretch , " he said fervently .
tr	NNS	They entered the flaps of the tent to find a long narrow room of cribs .
tr	NN	They might only know this small slice of the world , but it was the slice where Jude belonged .
tr	NNS	Without looking up from the water , the woman smiled thinly .
tr	NNS	" I 've had enough surprises to last me a lifetime . "
tr	NN	An important patient of mine in South America has had a stroke .
tr	NNS	She would never entertain clients of hers , but would pick up men in either some hotel bar or other such establishment .
tr	NNS	I was holding back two rabid wolves , one in each hand .
tr	NN	Gaius threw a jaundiced glare over his shoulder .
tr	NNS	They had spears as well as shields and stood either side of him , overlapping his shield and dropping the spear points towards the coming horsemen .
tr	NN	After a few minutes the shots sounded again , this time Jayden caught a glimpse of the perpetrator .
tr	NN	I could see the caution in his black eyes .
tr	NNS	" She has other abilities . "
tr	NNS	I imagined the rides I might design for my friends .
tr	NN	Or , that we would be chasing down The Owner . "
tr	NNS	So they 'll draw the same quick conclusions .
tr	NNS	Vampires don 't have babies .
tr	NNS	I could picture my marks all over her beautiful skin .
tr	NNS	Verity pushed back the covers , making a place for him beside her .
tr	NN	" Won 't you need a warrant ? "
tr	NN	" It 's only right , you bein ' the man o ' the house . "
tr	NNS	I write in three areas of fiction -- science fiction , fantasy , and mystery .
tr	NNS	" They have no leads on that . "
tr	NN	Colton quickly sized up the running policemen and picked the smaller of the two .
tr	NN	Mary gave him a frosty glare .
tr	NN	All know his reputation .
tr	NNS	Plus , it spoke volumes about just how into this conversation I was .
tr	NN	He feebly nodded and made a dash for the door , grateful to be free of the awkward , unexpected encounter with his boss .
tr	NNS	I adore the twins , but I think you should ask your brother .
tr	NN	" I played football in high school . "
tr	NNS	Take your positions . "
tr	NN	Now I will have all the respect of a real man . "
tr	NNS	" Give me some examples . "
tr	NNS	" Tastes like peaches and cream , with a hint of strawberry . "
tr	NN	The thought came unbidden before he could censor it .
tr	NN	" It matched the rug and the curtains .
tr	NNS	Yeah , she 'd had self-induced orgasms over the years , but they paled in comparison to having this man in control .
tr	NNS	I had my suspicions ; David Shaw topped the list .
tr	NNS	I drove the last blocks and parked in the lot at the bottom of Cathedral Hill .
tr	NNS	" While you were gone in 1944 , they used our facilities to send people back several times , even though their own facility was functioning .
tr	NNS	He wore sandals on his feet .
tr	NN	Linc has a special talent .
tr	NNS	Above it circled many vultures and upon its wasted bulk there crawled scavengers and rats , each taking a piece of the great fish for its supper .
tr	NNS	I didn 't remember all the specifics of the story , but I remembered Jesus didn 't go for it because it wouldn 't be right .
tr	NNS	That would end all their troubles .
tr	NN	The Male swings the tree branch when the tall Teen rips the limb from the Male .
tr	NNS	" Seems every island tells tall tales about all the others .
tr	NNS	Does this route have diplomatic repercussions ? "
tr	NN	" Where the rules of mortals have no meaning . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll take my chances . "
tr	NNS	I shrug off the covers and stagger out of bed .
tr	NN	The stronger strength embalming fluid kills the parasite .
tr	NNS	My possession of her will ensure your best efforts . "
tr	NN	My memory hadn 't done her justice .
tr	NN	" What 's good about having a religion is it creates a social structure that people love to have .
tr	NN	" You promised a favor , and I didn 't call it in for that .
tr	NNS	We have support ships along with two nuclear attack subs operational and already at sea .
tr	NNS	He nudged her thighs with his face , latching wide-open lips on their flesh .
tr	NNS	My heart skips three beats and my breath hitches .
tr	NN	I examined the caption underneath .
tr	NN	Mrs. Bolen was cooking a turkey , and the wonderful smells of the bird and all the trimmings had Casey longing for the big meal .
tr	NN	" Thank you , " she said , her smile plastic as she looked at the man who had called an apology to Dreamer .
tr	NNS	Bull and Allie had the hunting knives with them .
tr	NN	She spent a fortune on grog , and got only the best .
tr	NN	He looked huge , impossibly broad , the terrifying statue of some warrior god intent on destruction .
tr	NN	You have been assigned a new knight .
tr	NN	" It means possible defeat if we cannot convince the judge that our claim against your son is valid .
tr	NNS	I 'd triggered the explosives in the armory with the full knowledge that it might be the last thing I did .
tr	NNS	He tugs and tightens the buckles .
tr	NNS	" You 'll need your wits about you when you walk into that hall .
tr	NNS	I rubbed knuckles against my forehead .
tr	NN	The driver opened the trunk and drew out a hanger covered with a dry-cleaning bag .
tr	NN	Strike this bargain and you 'll never hear the name ' Skywalker ' ever again , " he replied .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of a shard of mirror and grabbed it , again impulse reminding him of its purpose .
tr	NNS	It improved their chances of survival against other cowboys , as it did against ravenous hordes of undead .
tr	NNS	I 'd never seen so many folds and wrinkles in a face .
tr	NNS	" HE SAID WHAT ? "
tr	NN	I would play the knight , because he was awesome , and Abigail was unanimously chosen to play the beautiful maiden .
tr	NNS	" Like mushrooms ? "
tr	NNS	She regained her senses and looked at him with a raised eyebrow .
tr	NN	Why did I get the sudden impression that Denver wasn 't just talking about the case ?
tr	NNS	Wanting to prove its existence , he hired local guides and embarked on a quest to find it .
tr	NNS	" You haven 't done drugs in years . "
tr	NNS	She shook off her fears and looked over her outfit once more while driving .
tr	NN	I wrap the towel around my body then hug his stillness , smirking .
tr	NNS	She needed her sisters like she needed air to breathe .
tr	NN	Mom would see the article and probably think the same .
tr	NN	Instead of comforting me , the word only ratcheted up my terror another few notches .
tr	NN	He turned off the highway and slowed the car to a near crawl .
tr	NNS	He stepped two paces into the room .
tr	NN	She dropped her towel at the edge of the pool and stepped into the warm , foaming water .
tr	NNS	They 're recruiting members like crazy to fight back against fall en angels , and a turf war is brewing between the two sides .
tr	NN	I tallied up an estimate , on a hand held calculator .
tr	NNS	As the hot pieces of metal tore through his body , it severed his extremities , as well as buried molten metal into his own chest .
tr	NN	He plopped the sphere into the birdbath .
tr	NN	You raised me well , Mama , but I will always still need you . "
tr	NN	I take some solace that there aren 't two , that a book he would associate with me has made it to his room at college .
tr	NN	Marcy had swept the entire balcony .
tr	NNS	Would the south use airplanes ?
tr	NN	Her smile changed her whole personality .
tr	NN	Shifting weight from one foot to the other he caught a glimpse of his own reflection in the glass .
tr	NN	Atop the cushions , I saw a cascade of white hair and a perfectly sloped back .
tr	NN	A few moments later , she heard Simon 's front door slam .
tr	NNS	You didn 't see students this morning .
tr	NN	She drank a quarter of the can and burped again .
tr	NNS	You deserve actions . "
tr	NN	Oh thank god ... just a dream .
tr	NNS	said Soames , gently .
tr	NNS	I gave him my terms .
tr	NNS	Both possessed muddy green auras .
tr	NNS	Ben examined the scratches on his leg and gave George a resentful glance .
tr	NNS	Mom gave the best hugs ever .
tr	NNS	The villagers also had several fully enclosed buildings they used for the storage of sails , nets , and other vulnerable materials related to their vessels .
tr	NNS	" He 's got a few broken ribs and a concussion .
tr	NN	You want revenge on them .
tr	NN	The thing barely covered my butt .
tr	NN	He stopped pacing and moved to sit on the edge of her chair .
tr	NNS	Paul defended his actions .
tr	NNS	" We still had weekends and holidays . "
tr	NNS	As you can see , I only use my powers for good .
tr	NN	Would she keep the baby furniture or sell it ?
tr	NNS	The brochure looked attractive - lovely lakes and a wide river , little ports to visit .
tr	NN	" I should 've robbed a pharmacy instead ! "
tr	NNS	He said his prayers ; he threw open the door .
tr	NN	I follow Violetta 's example ; I flirt and smile as hard as I can .
tr	NN	It had always had a calming effect .
tr	NN	With precise enunciation , she spoke a phrase in the Old Tongue .
tr	NN	She takes her purple sun umbrella off the back of the chair .
tr	NN	" Calder , I don 't need perfection .
tr	NNS	Those who are seeking you out will eventually keep tabs on the school to see if you are still a student there .
tr	NNS	Glancing around the walls , he noticed the stacks of artwork , more than 150 paintings he had completed in the last two years .
tr	NN	His voice sent a ripple of terror through her ; distaste was rolling in her stomach .
tr	NN	At least no one had picked up the grand piano yet .
tr	NN	Hoppy and his motley gang were not above taking a late-afternoon nip and talking big business over cards .
tr	NNS	" What they did to me ... it left gaps .
tr	NNS	After a while he pulled up the data on Brad McAllister 's murder .
tr	NNS	Okay , so maybe she had my best interests at heart .
tr	NNS	Fane told his two fellow companions , " Focus on the armored soldiers .
tr	NN	" I 'm not having this argument right now , and I 'm pretty sure I don 't need anybody 's permission .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers and ran my hands through my hair to tame the tangles before stepping into the hallway .
tr	NN	When he returned to their bedroom , she 'd thrown off the towel and was on all fours again , keening low as she battled the pain .
tr	NNS	The shelves above had all sorts of vials of various sizes .
tr	NNS	On her face , she felt the first faint drops of rain .
tr	NNS	Chase watched the surroundings for a little bit to find the perfect moment .
tr	NN	Linking hands , we trudge over the grassy hill as the sun resorts behind the mountains .
tr	NN	" I 've already taken a handful . "
tr	NNS	How many business cards do you have with you ? "
tr	NN	Devon felt the snap that radiated out of her , the fury that blazed from her .
tr	NNS	He has candles burning on the nightstands and in the windowsill , creating the perfect glow and lavender scent to make love in .
tr	NNS	Pain flashed up his thighs and into his hips .
tr	NN	" And I don 't want anybody but you , atypical or not . "
tr	NN	Read the summary . "
tr	NN	Quince had little patience for these types .
tr	NN	I want vengeance for my mother .
tr	NN	He unwrapped the radio mic from the rearview mirror , where it hung by the cord that connected it to the radio .
tr	NN	I didn 't miss the scorn in his tone .
tr	NNS	" But you guys are on speaking terms ? "
tr	NN	Darcy swallowed the lump in her throat as she caught Michael 's eye .
tr	NNS	She missed the hugs of her brothers and the company of her mother when they 'd sit sewing in the evenings .
tr	NN	She put the receiver back on the base and looked out the window .
tr	NNS	" Angry over politics of the day . "
tr	NNS	Hali knew the marks on herself which came from that trip to Golgotha .
tr	NNS	With only one way up the cliffs , we cannot throw numbers at the problem .
tr	NNS	Lara found two sites she liked .
tr	NN	Because of him , I have risked my reputation and of being identified with that cult . "
tr	NNS	" Ready my supplies . "
tr	NN	After seeing the transitions in Belinda 's life , she had even more faith in her .
tr	NN	I grabbed some lip gloss and mascara and headed for the bedroom to see what Lana had chosen for me .
tr	NN	The ladies group at church is having a special prayer meeting this morning to pray for your quick recovery .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to touch her , to let her know I cared and that I wanted to help if I could .
tr	NN	She gave him a demonstration on the back of her hand .
tr	NNS	He secured any remaining bleeding vessels and then had the fire pot brought forth .
tr	NNS	She wore lab coats over tee shirts and jeans , her hair was usually pulled back into a clip , and her nails were unpolished .
tr	NN	He was wearing a black turtleneck and a black jacket .
tr	NNS	If he had it yesterday , he saw all my texts .
tr	NNS	" You have heard much about our research into the phenomenon you call powers .
tr	NN	Perhaps you should count it and make sure the sum . "
tr	NNS	Now I could see the same black ribbons circulating through his aura .
tr	NN	The blonde was striking terror in his heart .
tr	NN	And I appreciate the gesture . "
tr	NNS	They planned all their activities together , requested the same bunks , and even tried to be on the same Color War teams .
tr	NN	They massaged shampoo into my hair and I squeezed my eyes shut as they rinsed it .
tr	NNS	" I 'll go and inform the servants to get dinner ready .
tr	NN	When Tara turned to leave , Cassy said in a voice a bit too loud , " And use a condom . "
tr	NN	Lilith patrolled the diner with sweeping glances , starting at the front by the lunch counter and working back .
tr	NN	Have they learned their lesson ? "
tr	NN	This man had total possession of her body and she needed him to give her release .
tr	NNS	At the end of the blood bath lay two adults .
tr	NNS	A few people walked along the mud roads calling out greetings to others .
tr	NNS	" He enhanced your natural abilities ? "
tr	NN	I want a long , straight stretch of road that I can open it up on .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother spent a fortune on it . "
tr	NNS	I gave him several opportunities to leave me alone .
tr	NNS	We would have better chances of meeting them here .
tr	NNS	Save your judgments for later . "
tr	NN	She tucked the towel into the laundry chute .
tr	NN	She sent a glare in their directions just so they 'd know how displeased she was with their daring .
tr	NN	In fact , in my judgment she traded her loyalty as part of a bargain . "
tr	NNS	He 'd never seen that many numbers in front of a decimal point in his life . "
tr	NN	" We do not need your technology , Time Agent .
tr	NNS	David and the rest of the guys all had different classes since they were studying different majors .
tr	NNS	Her boss dumped all the reports on her desk and walked away .
tr	NNS	He checked the remains of his money and realised he 'd have to run most of the way to Greenwich .
tr	NNS	Count Lucien drank the last drops of wine ; a footman appeared from nowhere to take away his goblet .
tr	NNS	We spent our last meetings piecing together my memories .
tr	NNS	He didn 't drop the shields until a thought blasted the kitchen door open and he stepped across the threshold .
tr	NN	" What about his sex addiction and his cheating ? "
tr	NNS	The bearded hunter eyed the markings suspiciously .
tr	NN	Lane opened his closet .
tr	NNS	The king raised his own armies against the rebel , and civil war ravaged the lands .
tr	NNS	And we hated both activities .
tr	NNS	A valid point , few wore helmets in the battle below .
tr	NN	She pulled off his shaft .
tr	NNS	Blood to wash the metal bits from their bodies .
tr	NNS	He opened her thighs , and then she screamed as he attacked her clit , sucking the bud into his mouth .
tr	NN	" And when I 'm safe and warm in your arms , just like this , I know the true meaning of peace . "
tr	NNS	The waiter refilled their cups while Duncan read the documents .
tr	NN	Gray shrugged off the backpack he 'd stolen from the civilian member of the commando team .
tr	NNS	And the second floor of Run and Thump has classes for dancing or bending or some such thing . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't have any spare inches .
tr	NN	I watched her swing back and forth , her face tilted toward the sun and a smile dancing on her lips .
tr	NNS	In fact , she wanted the whole nine yards .
tr	NN	When will we see the Sphinx ?
tr	NN	He handed Domenico a scroll that sparkled as if it was made of crystal .
tr	NN	" Is it sound proof ? "
tr	NNS	" Yeah , like that would fool your folks .
tr	NNS	The woman had journalistic instincts she knew nothing about .
tr	NN	Then I went falcon , and that definitely increased the level of squeaking .
tr	NN	I still felt a pang of self-pity .
tr	NN	I bit back a blissful moan as Lucius replaced his fingers with his mouth , sucking hard on my nipple .
tr	NN	It had an ominous tune .
tr	NNS	" Testing each other 's defenses .
tr	NN	She heard the lock snap shut behind them .
tr	NNS	" You killed my Cass ? "
tr	NN	I just put this cracker into my mouth and chomp down with both sets of teeth .
tr	NN	Though I tried to brush off his last comment , it had struck a chord with me .
tr	NNS	Her father wiped his palms off on his pants .
tr	NNS	Every word she said next broke down all my weak attempts to resist the idea of a marriage with her .
tr	NNS	We might dodge the first few blades , but then what ?
tr	NN	I didn 't deserve her forgiveness .
tr	NNS	She heard his hiss of pain .
tr	NN	They left the cafeteria together , the brave sixth grader and the younger brother dressed like a box of Skittles .
tr	NN	You still have a curfew on school nights . "
tr	NNS	Jenny pulled out a few coins and paid the man .
tr	NNS	Another unsettling jolt of awareness thrilled her senses .
tr	NN	You go down a hill , and the road bends left .
tr	NNS	Glowing happily , Erin gave directions .
tr	NN	He lifted the instrument up in his arms .
tr	NNS	I 've never met any time travelers before and I feel you must be tremendously interesting people . "
tr	NNS	" I still don 't like needles . "
tr	NNS	Anxious to get going , I scanned our surroundings , not wanting to be surprised by anything or anybody as we walked toward our waiting car .
tr	NN	You 're signing a full confession . "
tr	NN	I move around Pen and kneel beside Lark , my hands tightening , my eyes searching for the wound .
tr	NNS	" Maybe we should put the twins to bed . "
tr	NN	Lucas looked mortified , too , but that was clearly not the main problem .
tr	NN	Unless you have some protection . "
tr	NNS	And to the loud cheers to the health of all dragons , Hamish made several trips into the cellar .
tr	NN	Sophie felt the blood drain from her face , and her stomach tightened like a vice .
tr	NNS	Before another word could escape him , I sank my fangs in him .
tr	NNS	The thudding of his killer 's horse faded up the river flats .
tr	NN	I could face down a harpy or an elf .
tr	NNS	We took our spears and held them halfway along the length in our right hands as we had been taught .
tr	NNS	Apparently the population had well outgrown the original confines of the city .
tr	NNS	The company was making significant leaps every day and he 'd become confident in the abilities of his subordinate Officers .
tr	NN	She could not understand the depth of his voice .
tr	NN	" Eh , the early bird gets the worm . "
tr	NN	In one hand he had his lightning rod .
tr	NNS	We had just placed the dishes in the sink when Aunt Libby noticed the time .
tr	NN	' You called Robert 's goal foul - when all along it was yours as well . '
tr	NN	" They 've made a fatal error .
tr	NN	If he had treated the incident casually , it would have given the event less meaning .
tr	NN	Your friend will have her justice , but most importantly , for betraying the Pack . "
tr	NNS	I wrote the first few pages and made myself go back to Divine Misdemeanors , but that book slowed to a crawl .
tr	NN	She could hear his exhalation of cigarette smoke into the receiver .
tr	NNS	Or Adrienne was telling lies for reasons of her own . "
tr	NN	Explosions ripped the villa apart breaking every window within a hundred yard radius .
tr	NN	He pointed the revolver at her and quickly fired twice .
tr	NNS	" But I understand my obligations to my family .
tr	NNS	" First of all I want you to know I have no expectations .
tr	NN	" I have proposition for you .
tr	NNS	He moved nearer and wrapped his fingers around hers .
tr	NNS	" How do you like our accommodations ? "
tr	NNS	I raked my fingernails at his eyes .
tr	NN	16 days until alabama When I get to JJ 's trailer , I honk my horn about ten times .
tr	NN	" But I was worried , honey .
tr	NNS	Nobody 's takin ' the twins from you , bro .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen uniforms like this before in the museum .
tr	NNS	" Lucinda had magic spells to shrink big things down to make them tiny .
tr	NN	Bia followed Zeus ' example and raised her head .
tr	NN	" You give this loyalty to me ?
tr	NN	Jake quit pacing and was watching her intently .
tr	NN	So I give her a modified version .
tr	NNS	He was obviously wearing colored contacts , which was too hipster for Ridley 's taste .
tr	NN	Joshua took command of the kiss and deepened it , pulling her tightly against his hard muscular frame .
tr	NNS	As he spoke he sprayed one or two plates nearest him with corn husks .
tr	NNS	I remember only bits and pieces of her . "
tr	NN	His presence has also brought undue observation to our woods .
tr	NN	Would you hate fate for taking her from you or would you think she was just another soul without the drive to gain control ?
tr	NNS	Does he have any special powers ?
tr	NN	At the checkout counter , I ignored the way the obviously mortal clerk kept staring at my neck .
tr	NN	This evening , short of being told what boat they should get on , the men needed no further instruction .
tr	NNS	And she 's having complications .
tr	NN	The paper is small , just twelve of us and that includes the receptionist .
tr	NNS	We have rights ! "
tr	NNS	He raised his sons to do the same .
tr	NNS	" She lived two blocks from our house .
tr	NNS	Even as a baby , David had always had such long eyelashes .
tr	NN	He tried the knob and found the door unlocked .
tr	NN	I can 't let any harm come to her .
tr	NN	Do you have a search warrant ?
tr	NN	Traced my jawline with his fingertips .
tr	NN	" He has brain cancer . "
tr	NNS	' And in that time has Tom had any troubles or issues ? '
tr	NN	He put some more coal on the fire , then sat on the chair .
tr	NN	He didn 't have the patience left for these distractions .
tr	NNS	We have been monitoring your actions , and we are pleased with the effort that many of you have made .
tr	NN	She felt his body tense , then curl protectively around her .
tr	NNS	" You 're giving me the creeps , Ashley .
tr	NNS	And then he sold the archangels out .
tr	NNS	The man took their cards and allowed them entry into the room .
tr	NNS	" You might meet some industry contacts .
tr	NNS	I have photographs , too , of his new compound . "
tr	NNS	As he turned toward me , I saw the telltale points of a star badge .
tr	NNS	I can bring those strengths to her campaign . "
tr	NN	That should have given him a measure of satisfaction , but instead , he was filled with worry .
tr	NN	The joy in her voice , in her mind , made his body all the hotter .
tr	NNS	He pulled two photographs from a pocket and tossed them into Dennis ' lap .
tr	NNS	Jars of Clay ( volume 1 ) and Broken Vessels ( volume 2 ) contain strong religious themes and scenes of sensuality and violence .
tr	NN	He sent a lawyer around a couple times , but we don 't even know how to find him .
tr	NN	Almost like a growl .
tr	NN	She 'd seen film of him in the shower , too .
tr	NNS	I worked out fruitless scenarios ending in ugly scenes with judges , doctors , policeman and my father .
tr	NNS	Breaking out the shovels .
tr	NN	Jamie used the napkin to once again hide a smile , nodding and shaking her shoulders slightly to make it look like she was holding back sobs .
tr	NN	" What proof do you have ? "
tr	NN	It gave the disquieting impression that it had been waiting there forever .
tr	NN	Crouching , he scooped his survival vest and tossed Alicia 's to her , as well .
tr	NN	In his hand he held a pencil , and in the other an old envelope , which absorbed all his attention .
tr	NN	When I woke , I checked the van 's radio clock , and found it was nearly 3 .
tr	NNS	" Get your bloody dogs out of here ! "
tr	NNS	And Tanner 's cousin has cattle for meat and leather .
tr	NN	He felt no pity for the creature .
tr	NN	He still held the rope in his hand .
tr	NN	" Quite the contrary .
tr	NNS	The pads of his fingers trailed along my ribs , as mine reached around his neck to twirl around the hair at the back of his head .
tr	NNS	Broken bottles , crushed cans , and dirty syringes littered the corridors on the upper floor .
tr	NN	The operative felt a little flutter in her stomach .
tr	NNS	" How do you pass your classes ?
tr	NN	You were living your life carelessly .
tr	NN	He shrugged absently , his finger caressing her hand lightly .
tr	NN	I can leave at any time I choose , I just can 't breach my Squire 's oath .
tr	NN	Her uncle accepted a teacup and saucer from her .
tr	NN	She left the cockpit , forcing herself to straighten her arm despite the pain that bloomed in her bicep .
tr	NN	Simon thrust the lily forward again , preventing her from shutting the door .
tr	NN	" We haven 't had our wedding reception , but we do have a written permit . "
tr	NN	" We want his backpack ? "
tr	NNS	" I have contacts with the state I 'll be calling on to see if we can get a preliminary report on the information in the files .
tr	NN	Kendra noticed an alcove in the far side of the wide room .
tr	NN	They watched the wheel spin .
tr	NNS	Did you prescribe any drugs ? "
tr	NN	His mother promptly made an appointment .
tr	NNS	" I can feel the knives in my back .
tr	NNS	His nap had worked wonders , and his old virility was back .
tr	NNS	No one harbored any notions that the cave could be made livable .
tr	NNS	I was now navigating the quarry roads from the map .
tr	NN	Her hands cupped his face , her gaze delving into his , showing him all the love that came shining through from her heart .
tr	NN	Forced to look at him , to answer , I faced the deep down realization that maybe I wanted there to be more , too .
tr	NN	I could almost feel the nausea of the change rolling over in my stomach .
tr	NNS	With my keen senses , I can hear his ribs breaking with every thrust of his feet .
tr	NNS	I had already laid my cards on the table .
tr	NN	I couldn 't stop grinning .
tr	NNS	I have millions of dollars ' worth of Bitcoins sitting on an old pc running in the basement of an old house .
tr	NN	For her first flight , Jonesy cleared their altitude climb with the local air traffic controllers at several airports within 300 miles of them .
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths as I glared at the guards surrounding me .
tr	NN	Then , as you know , the ship turned back a sixth of the way to Proxima .
tr	NNS	This was farming country after all , old men in plaid shirts and suspenders roamed up and down the aisles like some kind of bad clown convention .
tr	NNS	If you choose to live , however , you could save millions .
tr	NNS	You shall have no other gods before me .
tr	NN	I knew enough about cancer to know that the treatment would not be easy .
tr	NNS	And he had two blue coins left .
tr	NN	" I love cotton candy . "
tr	NN	You can 't just leave a clan . "
tr	NNS	He 's disputed the other claims of fatherhood attached to him .
tr	NNS	She examined and dressed the burns , which were not serious .
tr	NNS	" I 'll make the arrangements with my commander to take leave while I 'm here .
tr	NNS	Do you believe in things you can 't necessarily understand , things like supernatural powers ? "
tr	NNS	Looking down , he dabbed a few drops from the bottle on the cotton and then looked at me .
tr	NNS	She gently placed wet rags on Lena 's head and chest and stripped her down to her nightgown .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't heard airplanes on her way here , so this might or might not be at an airport .
tr	NN	My father just threw up this castle , for God 's sake .
tr	NNS	This process purifies the six senses , which is one of the benefits of attaining Buddhahood .
tr	NN	These weak piles and the strength of the history could offer no resistance to the steel blade of the bulldozer .
tr	NN	" It has a continuous flow . "
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	He was accusing humanity of all the bad things they had done in his name .
tr	NNS	It made her dizzy and nauseous to even think about those poor women ; it made her feel worse to believe her father might have -- No !
tr	NN	Cain didn 't want responsibility of any kind and he 'd been a nomad for too long .
tr	NN	Like touching a fingertip when trying to grasp a hand .
tr	NNS	He 'd heard tales of some of them selling for six million , but he didn 't need that much .
tr	NNS	Instead , he pulls two small balls from his pockets , one of them a rubber bouncy ball and the other a steel ball bearing .
tr	NNS	She was completely disheveled , she had mud caked in her hair , under her nails , and all over her face and clothes .
tr	NN	You make a great knight in shining armor . "
tr	NN	Besides , it 'll give the lads a treat to see those eyes of yours in the upper Keep . "
tr	NNS	" Did you get the photographs you wanted ? "
tr	NN	His warmth at her side was making her stomach flutter in a most disconcerting way .
tr	NNS	Finally for Raj , he had bought some small candles , having read that Indian celebrations use little candles that they called diya .
tr	NNS	Do you not read the reactions of those around you ? "
tr	NN	Richard wanted a successor and he 'd been very clear he wanted Jack to be that man .
tr	NNS	" Why do you have those queer markings upon your face ? "
tr	NNS	" Face has these birds he uses to watch Paras in the Norm world .
tr	NN	Dean dragged a fingernail down her cheek , scratching her .
tr	NNS	" Quadruple the hikers ? "
tr	NN	He studied the thin countenance , not for the first time wondering how he had ever been chosen for such a dire task .
tr	NNS	I missed several chances thanks to the timing of the lights , but finally followed a panting and naked couple out of the door .
tr	NNS	Normally , it would not affect his systems , for they were designed for Terra re-entry .
tr	NN	Some people even use the honey for medicine , so I know they 'll buy it . "
tr	NNS	' It 's not as if you 're a total failure , ' Martha said encouragingly .
tr	NN	Her anger has taken away her typical slurred speech .
tr	NNS	Besides , only nerds take college classes in high school . "
tr	NNS	We pass the chairs and couches , and walk down a corridor that takes us to another room .
tr	NNS	I 've been requesting extra assignments from school and I 've gotten pretty good with the M40 . '
tr	NNS	Magic equaled witches , and the witches hated Mary Ann with a murderous passion .
tr	NN	Some ex of his released a video of them together after he got engaged , because she was jealous of his fiancee .
tr	NNS	Her mind must be playing tricks on her because , though the name sounded familiar , she didn 't know him .
tr	NN	It has a strong red giant branch , and red clump populations .
tr	NN	He stopped his pacing .
tr	NN	You won 't hurt anybody again . "
tr	NN	I grabbed the basket under the end table and pulled out the pristine package of Belgian chocolate seashells .
tr	NNS	" For now , however , you have three more orgasms to go . "
tr	NNS	Yellow smoke stains pocked the ceiling tiles above the desk .
tr	NN	In the kitchen I took the receiver my granddad held out to me and leaned against the 1960s wallpaper printed with dancing forks and spoons .
tr	NNS	I now understand more fully the difficulties you were going through , and I realize how painful it must have been for you to move on .
tr	NN	He understood the physical attraction .
tr	NN	She gave a soft snort .
tr	NNS	34 I recognized the school secretary there , too , conferring with a small group of the Ghost Detectives directors and producers .
tr	NN	" Could someone out there have that impression ? "
tr	NNS	" I found these babies in a vault a few hundred years ago and I 've been hoarding them ever since .
tr	NNS	As Mike drove home , he felt a deep heaviness ; his wife , in the psychiatric ward of a hospital .
tr	NN	My ears were not picking up the rhythmic patter of rainfall .
tr	NNS	She massaged her temples .
tr	NNS	My mother and Gran finished the dishes in record time , and we left the house in a pack .
tr	NNS	Good idea , don 't want fur balls sneaking in on us .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples , feeling a headache pound behind my eyes .
tr	NNS	Beneath the ground , wove the tunnels of the Woven Ones , a secret underground world .
tr	NN	He then emptied one more backpack and two canvas bags .
tr	NN	I saw the stalker peek out from behind that oversized blanket .
tr	NN	The chief began his speech .
tr	NNS	From the silence of Ancients , through his own , traveled the guardians .
tr	NN	Probably the elephant , too .
tr	NNS	Mismatched chairs and tables .
tr	NN	She whispered an urgent prayer as she shakily rose from her perch .
tr	NN	She heard his door slam before she made it to the top , and raced down the hall to bang her fist on the wood .
tr	NN	The dog made a low mutter and moved from her lap to disappear into the kitchen .
tr	NN	I felt a twist in my heart and a tingle between my legs .
tr	NN	I felt the stinging of tears , and dug my nails into my palms to stop myself from crying .
tr	NNS	" Oh , Ben , I don 't need no saints or martyrs .
tr	NN	Upper classes of course had a much wider range of foods - all game animals ( rabbits , deer , and so on ) belonged to them .
tr	NNS	The scientist disconnects the wires from the girl 's arms and pulls a switch on a machine by the girl .
tr	NN	She wore an apron but he wasn 't sure why since there wasn 't a place on her that wasn 't touched by the white powder .
tr	NN	He slowly approached the craft until he was about ten feet from the nose .
tr	NNS	Bustling servants shuttled away empty trays and plates .
tr	NN	" We 're not having a funeral .
tr	NN	I let out a low groan , my body quivering and shaking in stark contrast to his small movements and gentle ministrations .
tr	NNS	I can sever the ties with the things that hurt me .
tr	NN	At this the trooper raised his rifle to eye level with Brazen .
tr	NN	I might fight that gender trait with a nine iron , but still can 't beat down certain impulses .
tr	NN	" It 's really not all that complicated , " Silk told the Emperor .
tr	NNS	Apparently he collected victims to bring here and share their blood , fluids and spirit with the Cabin and sometimes the Mist .
tr	NN	I felt a warm , tingling sensation from his touch .
tr	NNS	I found the toilets .
tr	NNS	" Pull the insides out and run cold water over it . "
tr	NNS	Honey , I will be saying prayers for the both of you today and every day . "
tr	NN	With closed eyes and deep breathes Connor slowed his heart rate and suppressed the flow of adrenaline through his body .
tr	NNS	With a sense of foreboding , I gave directions .
tr	NN	The kiss had given me a glimpse into Cole 's memories , as well as an intense power surge .
tr	NN	He dutifully copied the coordinates onto his note pad just in case .
tr	NN	Of course , no one in Last Chance ever called her Caroline .
tr	NNS	" Besides , we 're talking about billions of people here .
tr	NNS	Not even a driving rain would cool his angry suspicions .
tr	NN	Chapter Twelve Noon , Friday August 20 The smoke in the United Nations committee meeting caused havoc and fear .
tr	NN	He laid his briefcase on the toilet and took a moment to rinse sweat from his face in the washbasin .
tr	NN	I 've still got your motorcycle in my garage . "
tr	NN	I grab a marker from my nightstand and move to the Angel painted on my wall that Raven drew .
tr	NN	" Oh , Astro Boy up there ... the statue .
tr	NNS	Dina throws down her cards .
tr	NNS	Some clung upside down like bats with sharp talons , while others sat cross-legged .
tr	NNS	His eyes played tricks , making the answer appear as if the letters themselves had magically changed to help him out .
tr	NN	" I have a proposal to offer Cartwright .
tr	NNS	Malcolm 's family had already cremated the remains of whoever was in that car . "
tr	NN	She swallowed the heavy lump in her throat .
tr	NN	I can hear the clicking now of dominoes being placed sharply on the table .
tr	NN	The brain waves were going irregular , moving into an attack configuration .
tr	NNS	I bared my fangs at him .
tr	NN	Apparently , someone poisoned the main water supply and gave the entire camp diarrhea . "
tr	NN	Toward the Portal . "
tr	NN	Edwin felt a growing unease about his newfound friend .
tr	NNS	Climbing onto that stool , I felt entirely too visible , conspicuous .
tr	NN	In return , I demand a reasonable respect . "
tr	NNS	People blow out the candles and the cake is cut and served .
tr	NN	She resisted the urge to knock , opened the door and stepped into a large room .
tr	NNS	As expected , Cooper Industries have denied all these reports .
tr	NN	He was thumbing the communicator .
tr	NN	I swallowed the aspirin and looked over at him .
tr	NNS	" Anymore objections or accusations ? "
tr	NN	But she 's got a grandchild coming from Roman and Charlotte , and with Kendall she 's got Hannah .
tr	NN	When she ran her hand along the underside , her fingers touched cardboard .
tr	NNS	Immediately , she perceived the stillness of her heart .
tr	NNS	Momentarily stunned , she recalled the servants she 'd interacted with the other day , and gave an honest effort at their accent and mannerisms .
tr	NN	He was carrying a basket , and was moving quite quickly against the host of people arriving at the palace .
tr	NN	I 'd compelled this nurse .
tr	NN	They haven 't had millennia to practice .
tr	NNS	" 29 hit points !
tr	NNS	" Amazing " I said in-between bites .
tr	NN	" Why would you give her a nickname ? "
tr	NNS	I navigated the corridors in a cloud of fear as deja vu hit me .
tr	NN	She grabbed a handful of sand and pebbles .
tr	NNS	Jace used cables and rope to tie Raymond 's arms and legs so that he couldn 't stand up or use his arms .
tr	NN	Ella picked up a mascara wand and leaned in to the mirror .
tr	NNS	" No , we ate those grilled cheese sandwiches Nigel made . "
tr	NNS	Trenton shot daggers at his cousin .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms against his chest .
tr	NNS	" I hate birds .
tr	NNS	He gives me a hiss this time , but keeps his head and arms out for a while as I plod along .
tr	NN	One of those would give him the affection and care he truly needed .
tr	NNS	I still had nightmares occasionally , but they grew less and less .
tr	NN	She 's wearing a thin nightgown and her feet are a sickly shade of white .
tr	NN	In the moonlight it did have the sheen and shade of blood .
tr	NNS	His eyes flashed dangerously and for a moment I thought they lost their emerald gleam .
tr	NNS	At noon it gave his lungs a few breaths so he could regain his faltering strength .
tr	NN	He was making her dizzy with all the questions and heartsick that he could pull off such a meticulous deception .
tr	NNS	But we have our suspicions . "
tr	NN	The guard pulled his pistol from a shoulder holster , but Malcolm 's hand shot out and snatched the weapon .
tr	NNS	I didn 't understand his mood swings , why he was so secretive and why he would go all crazy saying he wasn 't Alec .
tr	NN	I pulled the towel off the mirror glad Loki wasn 't staring back at me .
tr	NNS	Once they 've boiled , put out the fires .
tr	NN	" Like the rooster crowing in the morning ? "
tr	NNS	As the weeks stretched on , she shrugged off my attempts to embrace her , to soothe her fears .
tr	NNS	In fact we had only just put all the buckets away when we heard Aunt Tabby 's key in the lock .
tr	NNS	I 've seen photographs . "
tr	NN	She climbed the staircase to investigate the source of the music .
tr	NNS	He managed three or four chunks before thirst drove him to tip up the bowl and drink .
tr	NNS	Sometimes I sell artifacts . "
tr	NNS	" Mom , I 'm not testing out any drugs .
tr	NNS	" He and Barrie also have twin sons , two months old .
tr	NN	Her casual dismissal made his hands clench .
tr	NNS	If you carry my name , you carry my burdens . "
tr	NN	I mean my mom 's costume jewelry . "
tr	NN	You may examine the package he sends electronically or by any similar probe that you wish , but you may not open it .
tr	NN	If it 's all right with you , I 'll detach the cavalry and send them on ahead - just to be on the safe side . '
tr	NN	I liked the sensation of riding him , the way I could subtly shift my hips to change the angle of our motion .
tr	NN	She watched her hands resting in her lap .
tr	NNS	I have faced the massed ranks of your army alone and unarmed .
tr	NNS	" In a partnership , cara , one shares troubles . "
tr	NNS	There were framed photographs of a girl that wasn 't Jade .
tr	NN	" Around the block . "
tr	NN	Brianna didn 't miss his double meaning .
tr	NN	You will still honour your engagement ... " The king looked at Alanna waiting for a cue to continue .
tr	NNS	They meant more beatings and looting at the hands of the Citadel Guard .
tr	NN	I took a spell blast meant for you . "
tr	NNS	He 'll contact those vendors and give them the new information . "
tr	NN	But this scenario raises one other intriguing possibility . "
tr	NN	It takes some coaching , but the voices are listening .
tr	NNS	The handset he has is transmitting dual signals .
tr	NN	I freed the lid , set it aside , and peered into the box .
tr	NNS	" We have enough data to keep us busy until you return .
tr	NNS	So keeping with his rules , I browsed the booths and picked up a bracelet for Kiowa and a couple of books for her .
tr	NNS	Stepping into the sunlight , she pressed both palms against her face at the sight of my mischievous offspring .
tr	NN	I have great respect for Daniel Hanson which was the only reason I employed the boy in the first place .
tr	NN	" We 're setting a trap in here . "
tr	NN	Do you not think your suffering would benefit your spiritual health ? "
tr	NNS	She 'd had so many doubts about Adam these past weeks because of something that was a lie .
tr	NNS	" Hey , man , I got contacts in the plant .
tr	NN	She was wearing a red silk blouse that must have cost a root canal .
tr	NNS	President Davis had other motives .
tr	NNS	Everyone else wore lighter Jewels .
tr	NNS	It 's hard hearing your shortcomings listed off in such an obvious manner .
tr	NN	Raoul kissed her hand passionately .
tr	NNS	" Anything your heart desires . "
tr	NN	He was a few years shy of me yet his pallor and stoney demeanor gave the impression he was far older .
tr	NN	You have the whole package .
tr	NN	I set the feather duster on top of the pile and reach for the last item , which is in another box , a long narrow one .
tr	NNS	I got mixed reactions .
tr	NN	" When I first got into botany , my mom gave me a spice rack to organize my seeds .
tr	NNS	Due to extreme fortune and enemy incompetence , they had incurred no losses and only a couple of minor injuries .
tr	NN	We did some digging and discovered that the MP 's bank account grew by several thousand dollars overnight . "
tr	NN	He felt a pang of shame .
tr	NN	Someone gave him a little Egyptian flag .
tr	NNS	Diego gently pulled wires from the Collar .
tr	NN	She took Father 's affection . "
tr	NN	But first , you will come and see the Factory .
tr	NNS	I scream so loud my throat burns .
tr	NNS	" You mean diapers ?
tr	NN	By the time I leaned back in my chair , I couldn 't help but admire his dedication .
tr	NNS	She could sense the wheels turning in his mind .
tr	NNS	I don 't dare flinch .
tr	NN	" I 've been taking those belly dancing lessons and I bought an outfit to wear so I could dance for you then . "
tr	NN	The blood made a believer out of me . "
tr	NN	I watched her worriedly , but thus far , the spell mostly seemed about pain .
tr	NN	Quickly , she located her discarded gown and pulled it on .
tr	NNS	He opens his own soda and grins .
tr	NN	Sliding some cans aside , William pulled a loose block from the wall and produced a smooth stone marble like the one his mother had offered .
tr	NNS	I had some wares broken , but I don 't think the price of what was lost is worth anyone being imprisoned over , my Lady . "
tr	NN	I have a proposal for you , Alma .
tr	NNS	Only those who believe that true power lies in pain and suffering follow those teachings . "
tr	NN	I held the receiver away and gave it my finest scowl .
tr	NN	He read Paulette 's email and replied .
tr	NN	I want your obedience .
tr	NNS	No fighter will enter the pressurized hangar areas without a thorough inspection . "
tr	NN	He wore a white baseball cap and not much else .
tr	NN	They didn 't have a translator , but it sounded more angry than scared .
tr	NNS	The greenery and flowers climbed up the room 's massive white pillars and some sections of wall , creating a colorful and awe-inspiring display .
tr	NNS	" Guard her , give her anything she requests , and when I return , I will end your suffering . "
tr	NN	Her words had the desired effect , making me shiver and chastise myself further for having undertaken this foolish precipitate folly .
tr	NN	All I have achieved goes down the drain .
tr	NN	Even a married man deserves his privacy , surely .
tr	NNS	" Should we be using condoms ? "
tr	NN	Anyway , Quinn had a nephew who was working his way up the ladder of the family business .
tr	NNS	The assignment desk sends out crews to cover those stories .
tr	NNS	He kept up his exaggerated pained noises for a couple more seconds , and then straightened and held his hand up to the crowd .
tr	NNS	I could see the wheels inside her mind turning as she let the news sink in .
tr	NN	I have an unfortunate circumstance that I must report .
tr	NN	Brick only had one option left .
tr	NN	" He has no treasure ? "
tr	NN	After stuffing ammunition in every pocket , he closed the trunk with a quiet click .
tr	NNS	The two men exchanged muttered apologies .
tr	NNS	They donned their best uniforms , and were taken at the dead of night from their various places of detention to a warehouse by the wharf .
tr	NNS	And we still have no reports of tanks on the American side . "
tr	NN	" Aye , sir , " she tried the local language tentatively .
tr	NN	" Your wife didn 't like the condo . "
tr	NNS	The pleading look in his eyes shattered my defenses .
tr	NN	This time , I do hear his footsteps departing .
tr	NNS	But then again ... how she was feeling would influence her actions , which did matter to me .
tr	NNS	My heart skipped ten thousand beats .
tr	NN	" Tarn gets punishment for disobedience , cleaning the cobwebs from the dungeons . "
tr	NNS	He still had nightmares every night of the night we escaped aboard Datura 3 .
tr	NNS	It needed an empress .
tr	NN	Caroline had always provided good counsel and sound advice .
tr	NNS	Callie hated lies and secrets .
tr	NNS	He managed the surveillance teams as well as the police and the armed forces .
tr	NN	They hadn 't been expecting the assassin to be caught and killed , apparently .
tr	NN	He switched off the stereo .
tr	NNS	I had a few marks , myself .
tr	NN	" Since you asked , " I drew out the last word , " I won 't take a bath again . "
tr	NNS	She hadn 't told her sisters why she and Lysander had parted , only that they had .
tr	NNS	When she entered the kitchen Huw was drinking from a large mug and Nan was making sandwiches .
tr	NN	Because of the physical ambiguity he was spared execution and sentenced to a penal battalion instead .
tr	NN	Snapped the female scientist .
tr	NNS	Others develop strangely compulsive , repetitive movements in order to cope with the abnormal environment : certainly many intelligent creatures suffer from this propensity .
tr	NNS	She has the credentials as an educator and the public loves her .
tr	NNS	Liz had placed the dishes in the soapy water , in the sink , and sat down at the table .
tr	NNS	" Consider the benefits . "
tr	NNS	He only watched the mirrors .
tr	NNS	Heather arose and covered the coals with dirt signaling the end of the meeting .
tr	NN	Mr. Stott scratched his beard uncomfortably .
tr	NNS	After three more cautious back-and-forth movements she had her mattress butted up hard against Jade 's .
tr	NNS	The company had offices in several major ports in France , Germany and England .
tr	NN	Show some respect for the soldiers that risked nuclear contamination over the last hundred years . "
tr	NNS	He was making jokes .
tr	NNS	All around him , Richard could see huge wide grins , and frenetic dancing .
tr	NNS	She can do the dishes tomorrow . "
tr	NN	It had gathered material at the waist that parted at the front of the skirt revealing another skirt underneath .
tr	NN	He had one deep dimple on the right side of his cheek .
tr	NN	Nate grabbed a t-shirt from the floor and flopped down on the side of the bed , wiping his foot .
tr	NN	Amy took a pen out and drew their path on the map .
tr	NNS	Some had rough coats , some smooth , but all were a variation of red and white .
tr	NNS	My heart hammered in my chest as my lungs inhaled greedy breaths of air they 'd previously been starved of .
tr	NN	He stole the Orb , but he can 't do anything with it .
tr	NNS	Instead of watching the tapes she watched the reactions of the men .
tr	NNS	Help your sisters reclaim theirs .
tr	NN	Then Gwynn heard the loud horn and saw the ship coming towards them .
tr	NN	One had a blue backpack , while the other had a pink one .
tr	NNS	I request my team assignments and he gives them to me , handing over the envelope with warmth and pride in his squinty , failing eyes .
tr	NNS	Peter made two cups of tea .
tr	NN	Even sitting up had sent her spinning .
tr	NN	" We can 't break the original compulsion -- he can 't remember this ! "
tr	NN	All life on those worlds will run out that drain now .
tr	NNS	She jerks open the levers as the rock is ejected into the wall when the alarm pings a third time .
tr	NN	It 's dark when we end up at a seedy motel a few turns off the highway .
tr	NN	The corridors and ceilings are painted ivory and the granite floor is a slightly lighter shade of ivory .
tr	NNS	Witches then use the human 's genetics to morph the Hawk 's appearance to be exactly like the human 's . "
tr	NNS	You could make millions . "
tr	NNS	Hearing the gravelly words only exacerbated the needy spasms of her internal muscles .
tr	NNS	Instead she read and re-read his remarks , making a plan to follow up on anything she could determine was unfinished .
tr	NN	I heard the hollow rattle as it broke apart .
tr	NNS	Believing his selection had been sensibly made , Nicolas pulled from his bag the chosen clubs of his regular set .
tr	NN	If you 're staying with me , blow out the candle .
tr	NNS	I could lower your inhibitions .
tr	NN	The danger from the black creatures would grow the farther south they traveled .
tr	NN	Since when do you like opera ?
tr	NNS	Had families of their own .
tr	NNS	" Thank heavens a few days have taken the swelling down .
tr	NN	" Perhaps they 're doing some scratching of their own ?
tr	NNS	" But you could have sandwiches , if you like . "
tr	NNS	" How much port did he drink ? "
tr	NN	I had a whole collection of half thoughts and abortive impulses in the next sixty seconds .
tr	NN	I won 't be needing your protection , though . "
tr	NN	She dropped her handbag on a chair in the living room , shrugged out of her coat , and tossed it over her bag .
tr	NN	Theo felt an affinity with this wallflower , and it then struck him what a fantastic name for a band The Wallflowers would be .
tr	NN	I laid a tea towel on the bench and spread tomatoes across it .
tr	NN	I need a complete cleansing .
tr	NNS	We have less than half the houses supporting me .
tr	NN	Mary touched the gown lovingly .
tr	NN	Julieta felt a pang of loneliness roll through her midsection .
tr	NN	Her emotions were playing havoc with her , and she hated being so thin-skinned .
tr	NN	It picked up a handful of earth , where earth appeared between weed and water at the bank of the lake .
tr	NN	" You should have taken the crown from Vlad yourself , but you didn 't .
tr	NNS	" He has a few more chores for you . "
tr	NNS	Blake and Robbie load our packs into the trunk .
tr	NN	" You know the drill . "
tr	NNS	In the vet 's office , I read pamphlets on fleas and flea sprays and didn 't know whether to laugh or cry .
tr	NN	" Like a buffet . "
tr	NNS	Claire flipped pages in the small volume .
tr	NN	And I want your protection . "
tr	NNS	Sliding her lips lower , she tickled the soft hairs , trailing a path from his navel to the top of his shorts .
tr	NNS	But instead it held provisions .
tr	NN	Alejo grimaced and massaged his temple , feet planted on the tile floor .
tr	NN	Distracted as he was , he didn 't sense the intruder until it was too late .
tr	NNS	Outside the bowling club shed , Madge was busily selling toasted sandwiches at inflated prices to a crowd that had somehow tripled the town 's population .
tr	NN	The stranger finished his task and took a couple of steps backwards , away from Ahmed .
tr	NN	Once there , I gave the kids each a hand basket and told them to have it .
tr	NNS	A shiver invaded Kate 's insides .
tr	NNS	You killed all those folks .
tr	NNS	I recall his unhurried movements as he grinds himself against me .
tr	NNS	They demanded some changes and got them , and they really needed Dax to keep the project on track .
tr	NNS	Some pirates even docked their ships on the east coast of Apathy .
tr	NN	And for the Temple of Jerusalem I had no measure at all .
tr	NN	I reread the article to make sure I hadn 't misunderstood any of it .
tr	NN	He had been carrying this burning thirst for vengeance inside him , and she had had no idea .
tr	NN	They valved off their hydrogen , fluting their peculiar songs that included one long shrill " all clear " whistle .
tr	NNS	I close my eyelashes .
tr	NN	In fact , Greg 's got a condo in the neighborhood and ... jeez , you guys !
tr	NNS	I 'll give you three chances to find and name him .
tr	NNS	They pointed out the areas where the debris was blocking the way , where we 'd have to use hallways to get around .
tr	NN	" And what do you think your loyalty to Cronus will get you ? "
tr	NNS	" How many aircraft do you see flying to protect the world ?
tr	NN	Maybe you should call the doc . "
tr	NNS	But Nash still had issues with Kelly 's methods .
tr	NN	Caleb touched the flimsy material .
tr	NNS	The shadows that seemed to join and separate like storm clouds .
tr	NN	Stopping in front of the door , Sara readjusted her ponytail , wiped her sweaty hands on her jeans , and knocked .
tr	NN	He put down his fork .
tr	NNS	When we arrive at the hospital it doesn 't take the doctors long to determine that I 'm okay .
tr	NN	In the tray where the cigarettes are released , you will find a cassette tape .
tr	NNS	Oriole had written down directions to Clark Spring Trail , one of the more beautiful little known sights off Iron Springs .
tr	NNS	He 'd followed the leads , but each one had led to a frustrating dead end .
tr	NNS	Another cup of Joe washed down the remains as I reached for my wallet , and pulled out a ten .
tr	NN	Nate could almost hear Rachel 's spine snapping straight with indignation .
tr	NNS	" Take her reins , talk her down , and get them safe .
tr	NN	" The Council has heard your argument .
tr	NNS	She has two large solar dragonfly panels atop her , large ones which automatically supply her basic power needs .
tr	NNS	That sort of thing can attract all sorts of unstable personalities . "
tr	NNS	I don 't mind dogs .
tr	NNS	So in the name of a global embrace , lift your cups , like this .
tr	NNS	Bo started the engines and began to circle the enormous lake .
tr	NN	He couldn 't control the sudden intake of breath or the surging hardness in his pants .
tr	NNS	He wrote a second listing Wilma 's good points to insure the ranch 's future .
tr	NNS	" They have more fleshly appetites than me . "
tr	NNS	" And if you don 't do what you 're told , you 'll have worse devils than me to deal with . "
tr	NNS	This also increased their chances to sneak inside unnoticed .
tr	NNS	He wanted to show me the rainforest and has promised me I 'll see pink dolphins .
tr	NN	He brought the red material up to his face , rubbed it against his jaw .
tr	NNS	Time to put her fears into words .
tr	NNS	Kay stared at him , mute , her eyes dark pools of pain .
tr	NNS	His old eyes must be playing tricks on him .
tr	NN	He slowly descended the staircase .
tr	NNS	" And who shot the dogs ? "
tr	NNS	Women , of course , absolutely love weddings .
tr	NN	Echo studied the butterfly for a moment , watching its shiny wings flex open and shut .
tr	NN	He had brought one rifle with him , but he 'd left the other in the front cab .
tr	NN	She flipped down her visor and looked at her reflection in the mirror .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of the tattoo on his rib cage .
tr	NN	I take a survey of all the other houses around .
tr	NN	" Merely an observation , Rick .
tr	NNS	Jane collected the plates and immediately returned with a tea tray , filling three cups with practiced ease .
tr	NNS	Their faces floated only inches apart .
tr	NN	Each man placed a larger canister around the room and on important looking pieces and equipment and ran an electrical cord back to a center brass box .
tr	NNS	" Kelsey must have sent both texts . "
tr	NN	He opened a top drawer , pulled out a plastic container of pills , and popped a few into his mouth .
tr	NNS	" Burned our cottages to rout the sick and hiding .
tr	NNS	" Have no fears .
tr	NNS	It 's raining dead birds .
tr	NNS	Krauss pats his coat pockets , finds a cigarette and offers it to the man .
tr	NNS	The Angel showed the sisters how the discussion had gone with the demonic crew .
tr	NN	Boxwood and summer perennials perfumed the balmy night .
tr	NNS	She slid her palms around to the small of my back and stepped forward , lowering her head to take one of my nipples into her mouth .
tr	NN	A chill stole up her spine , and her body throbbed in areas she 'd never known a body could throb .
tr	NN	She had the urge to scream and shout in frustration , but she realized that she was a guest at somebody else 's house .
tr	NN	Monsignor Triano is developing a written proposal which he would like the membership to consider at the next AGM this summer .
tr	NN	One side had a pond with waterfalls and an area with large shade trees that encircled some park benches .
tr	NNS	Starting for the Washington monument , Steve saw the Smithsonian buildings and realized what a journey he had in front of him .
tr	NNS	The first shuttles fly supplies and one or two of these small spacecraft in their holds ; one is for me and the kid .
tr	NNS	Her gaze followed the small drops , her black eyes suddenly blazing with heat .
tr	NNS	Piper hugs the sisters .
tr	NNS	Nita eyed the looming buildings on each side of the street .
tr	NN	She whipped the camisole off as fast as she could .
tr	NN	He 's sworn an oath of secrecy .
tr	NN	He tucks a strand of my damp hair out of my eyes .
tr	NN	" I 'd rather not stick a fork in you .
tr	NNS	Owing more than two million dollars ? "
tr	NN	We heard a door slam on the far side of the SUV .
tr	NNS	" You should bring the extras in or they 'll spoil .
tr	NN	" I don 't need faith when I 've lived through the proof . "
tr	NNS	Let 's exchange phone numbers . "
tr	NNS	Ryan turned the pages a few more times , his sense of hope diminishing a little more with each time .
tr	NNS	" Large buildings . "
tr	NN	Technically , the brother inherits the estate , and if they can 't find him the whole thing could drag on for years .
tr	NN	I could feel the plane 's brakes release , and we began to accelerate down the runway faster and faster .
tr	NN	Blowing up The Factory was one thing .
tr	NNS	" I never left physics ; I just left academic physics .
tr	NN	" Elena , I accept your proposal of marriage . "
tr	NN	Even the language of these people could well need a translator just to be understood .
tr	NNS	Some of them had huge dogs on leashes , which were leaping and snarling and showing big yellow teeth .
tr	NNS	He gathered the free blocks and started to build what looked like a tower .
tr	NN	" Oh crap . "
tr	NNS	dated a few models . "
tr	NNS	Suzie pointed out several black and white photographs that were displayed on the walls .
tr	NN	But I got Marcie 's tuition at ARC to pay for , in addition to all the other bills .
tr	NNS	Rush had won some points in his favor when he put the ring on my finger in her eyes and I wanted to keep it that way .
tr	NNS	Andrea didn 't know enough Shifters down here to place everyone , but living in communities , Shifters picked up the collective scent of that community .
tr	NNS	" Every human has desires . "
tr	NN	Or I could get an immortal to come to me .
tr	NNS	I took three steadying breaths and tried desperately not to melt into him .
tr	NN	Apollo took pity on me .
tr	NN	I guess the latter .
tr	NNS	People often enjoyed their meals with the wine , so she could 've simply had her meal before pickpocketing him .
tr	NN	Take my pilot and make my scheduled jumps .
tr	NNS	" I 've stayed off the main roads to stay out of the way . "
tr	NN	I felt my face crumple .
tr	NNS	Collin didn 't like their strong arm techniques .
tr	NNS	Stryker licked his fangs meaningfully .
tr	NN	And now she had a hangover to distract her , and that was all to the good .
tr	NNS	I still remember those classes as if I were still taking them . "
tr	NN	Dinah could see the sincerity in his eyes , the look of desire in the eyes roving over her .
tr	NNS	Stalker had just leveled both his blades at Morrow 's throat when the other man brought his arm up in a lightning maneuver .
tr	NNS	She earned twenty-one thousand dollars a year as a records administrator in a local hospital .
tr	NN	" I had a bagel .
tr	NNS	Why a newborn babe could teach such tricks !
tr	NN	Looks like somebody sure wants her privacy .
tr	NN	Why was he using the brake ?
tr	NN	Vira gave him a glare that said ' Why should I ? ' .
tr	NNS	People travel up and down the sidewalks in dense clusters .
tr	NN	If there is a male heir , which there always has been , then the oldest living son takes the crown .
tr	NNS	Each has different strengths . "
tr	NN	Boats that sail over oceans to other places that might as well be on other worlds .
tr	NN	You will maintain command of your men .
tr	NN	In addition to being the best fighters at Mythos , the Spartans also had a reputation for being the most bloodthirsty .
tr	NNS	I don 't have any excuses anymore .
tr	NNS	" Have you finished all the chapter assignments yet ? "
tr	NN	He was not forcing her compliance .
tr	NN	The daughter hugged her old ally as her mother had , ' Finn .
tr	NN	She used her own candle to ignite the rush and lit the ring of tallow on the table .
tr	NN	Silken gave a snort .
tr	NNS	These individuals possessed some godly powers , but were only half divine .
tr	NNS	Chapter 23 The Fate 's Fury Echo slowly lowered her daggers .
tr	NNS	Actually , I don 't usually do restaurants at all because it 's too risky .
tr	NNS	For each story and screenplay we received five hundred dollars , which Ben and I shared .
tr	NN	The package included his high altitude parachuting equipment , with the new oxygen breathing pack that allowed a higher jump than currently possible .
tr	NN	" Drain a horn for me in the Hall of the Slain . "
tr	NN	" Mason , as you know and as we have discussed at length , you have an extremely addictive personality .
tr	NN	My bikini bottoms didn 't provide much padding between the rough concrete and my ass .
tr	NNS	I walked around the shops , not finding anything that held my attention I walked into the small coffee shop .
tr	NNS	It rained four consecutive weekends last summer , which killed their outdoor crowd and live music .
tr	NN	They went half a block up Western and into Griffith Park where the environment went from urban to wilderness .
tr	NN	She hated any aspect that had to do with growing old .
tr	NNS	Borden activated the wipers .
tr	NN	He ran the damp cloth gently over her back twice more before he did .
tr	NN	He ate another mouthful .
tr	NN	" I ordered a pizza from the place around the corner . "
tr	NNS	" I want my two sisters to keep me company while I eat . "
tr	NN	She twisted the lid off the coffee carafe .
tr	NN	He pushed a little turtle toy into my face .
tr	NNS	The first floor held administrative offices , the cafeteria , and the sitting rooms .
tr	NN	He makes her so that damn cheerful . '
tr	NN	I bought a PhD online . "
tr	NNS	Kyle started down the hall , eager to move forward with his next plan for persuading her they should enjoy all the benefits a wedding license brought .
tr	NN	She has okay style .
tr	NNS	He had brought some cheese sandwiches which he had himself made at home as she liked them .
tr	NN	I turned the knob and bolted out the door .
tr	NN	Fila had concocted some scheme or other .
tr	NN	" Where might I find the laird ? "
tr	NN	Cheyenne felt the blood drain from her face .
tr	NN	He must have seen her agitation even while he was so calm and collected .
tr	NNS	" I do not know all your customs .
tr	NN	" For the mess of broken dishes and glasses , " I told her , " you can bill the department .
tr	NN	Well that gave him a nice bit of hope he didn 't have the previous eve .
tr	NNS	We saw the runes at your school .
tr	NNS	I fluttered my eyelashes .
tr	NN	Elena choked back a groan .
tr	NNS	They both wore dark suits and her first thought upon seeing them was that they looked like mobsters .
tr	NN	" And your people won 't give chase ? "
tr	NN	" We 've even got a small clinic on site .
tr	NN	' Sounds like rough justice but it 's senseless that you were gambling that sort of money . '
tr	NN	He wanted any confrontation over before the next rising .
tr	NN	The numbers called out staggered Fin .
tr	NN	I hopped off my throne and made for the door .
tr	NNS	' Many miles lie between , ' said Legolas , gazing thither and shading his eyes with his long hand . '
tr	NN	In Poe 's refugee camp , they sent a squad to meet Alvin in the creek .
tr	NNS	, he has great instincts , " MacNeil said carefully .
tr	NN	He owns the farm around the Corinth .
tr	NN	June 's hands rocket to her mouth and cover it .
tr	NN	He tossed the document on his desk .
tr	NN	I scrunched up my snout , trying to understand .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " Bryson replied absently , his face screwed up in a grimace .
tr	NN	We need a condom . "
tr	NN	" So you all rigged the contest ? "
tr	NNS	I could feel stares beating down on me from all around , so I prayed that he would heal quickly .
tr	NNS	But we had families and friends , jobs and dreams .
tr	NN	On both sides of the stage hung the national flag and one for the Communist party .
tr	NN	" Left an empty cart in the market .
tr	NNS	' At least I got higher marks than you and am noticeably thinner than the Dean !
tr	NN	So we 've made up our own language , in the way we press chest to chest and the way we touch noses when we kiss .
tr	NN	He had an indefinable quality that heightened her cognizance of everything that made her feminine and , therefore , vulnerable .
tr	NN	" I do not read the words of others or endlessly debate philosophy with those of lesser intelligence .
tr	NN	He licked the film off his teeth .
tr	NN	A dead body has that effect .
tr	NNS	I think the chances of you being ready by the time I get up there are pretty good . "
tr	NN	" And there you are , good sir , " she smiled and snatched up the empty basket .
tr	NNS	She 'd totally misunderstood the bird 's actions .
tr	NN	He had seen no traffic of any kind on the road , not horses , not pedestrians .
tr	NNS	" All the other disciples also had some visions ?
tr	NN	Vimes gave them an experimental swing and hit his own elbow .
tr	NNS	Raskin sprinted ten paces and slowed at the turn .
tr	NNS	We had bigger issues than a vampire with magical abilities .
tr	NN	We 'll have the hall bath in working order too , and a makeshift kitchen .
tr	NN	Connie made a dash and disappeared inside the dark shed .
tr	NNS	Its burst sent fragments of concrete flying .
tr	NN	He remembered the highway in its last climb out of the canyon , passed a very narrow rock cut .
tr	NN	" There 's no way back , " Lace made a helpless gesture .
tr	NNS	It was after two a.m. " Fine , " I muttered and threw off the covers .
tr	NN	Magnus pointed his fork at Luke .
tr	NN	A figure masked in shadows kicked out a rug from the open port .
tr	NN	I really enjoyed your lesson by the way . "
tr	NN	And sure enough , what she found made her hands tremble too .
tr	NNS	If they kill you while you 're weak , they can absorb those powers and use them for themselves . "
tr	NNS	I wasn 't up for telling more lies today .
tr	NNS	" He has some busted ribs , a broken arm and a cracked collarbone . "
tr	NNS	Then she drained the dregs of her own plastic cup that somebody must have brought her .
tr	NNS	First he 'd lull his captors into complacency , and then make his move .
tr	NN	That combination means disaster for the living as well as the dead .
tr	NNS	" You can 't hold the reins too tightly because the signals have multiple functions .
tr	NN	She set her basket down and held her sides to calm her breathing down .
tr	NNS	She was setting the cups down , and he slipped something into her bra .
tr	NN	She 'd offered him a union , but things had not gone as either one of them had anticipated .
tr	NN	I felt my stomach clench .
tr	NN	' Who you chief ? '
tr	NN	Footsteps scuffed across the asphalt somewhere close behind her .
tr	NN	Flowery language and written in his own hand . "
tr	NN	I pulled the medal out of my pocket .
tr	NNS	Vicious storms took down buildings , and even villages .
tr	NN	She threw her extra pillow at the phone , knocking it off the hook .
tr	NN	What proof did I have that the Spider Lady was real ?
tr	NN	The sergeant who followed him dropped a Mauser Model 98 rifle on top of the wire .
tr	NN	In the mirror , he caught a glimpse of the expandable hamper in the corner , pink , of course .
tr	NNS	She ripped abandoned warehouses from their foundations , and bounced off the landing bays moors .
tr	NN	In her mind 's eye , Sean 's Collar gleamed on his throat like a white-hot band , the Celtic knot a tangle of bright energy .
tr	NN	" I was just stating an observation ... wondering why ? "
tr	NNS	He posted the tapes ahead as they became filled up so that his secretary could begin work on the famous American Report even before his return .
tr	NNS	She tightened her thighs , levering up , forcing his neck back so that she hovered over him .
tr	NN	She gasped her willingness for anything he 'd do to her , tried to wrap herself around him .
tr	NN	" Now swear an oath to me , little wolf girl . "
tr	NNS	The blade of the machete hovered inches from his chin .
tr	NNS	They carry poorly made spears and clubs , but they don 't really know how to use them .
tr	NNS	She was already calculating the new numbers in her bank account .
tr	NNS	Their power is focused here : the Seven Rivers , all across Euro , while the rest of Earth is governed by other autonomous communities . '
tr	NN	I pulled out my communicator and scrolled through the names .
tr	NNS	Emma rubbed her temples .
tr	NN	And we don 't have a boy here , aside from Kojima , our pilot .
tr	NNS	" No , but an old friend has contacts in the security police .
tr	NNS	He put his palms across it , surprised it had grown so wide when it had only been an arrow wound .
tr	NNS	She 'd described the upper floors but not the nightclub itself .
tr	NN	Watching people having accidents , on the other hand , is watching the universe being itself .
tr	NN	She showed more self-control .
tr	NNS	He indicated the dry suits that were beside her .
tr	NNS	Tamsin performed the honors .
tr	NNS	Raphael paints in glory the apartments that millions will come to see for centuries beyond this .
tr	NNS	They have been guiding the citizens through the escape tunnel that leads to the north , beyond the walls , to safety . "
tr	NNS	Jeremy Washington , eighteen thousand dollars .
tr	NN	" Yeah , think you can keep up , Little Bit ? "
tr	NN	She held the turquoise cloth between them in her fist , as if she were afraid that it might fly out of her grasp .
tr	NNS	" Because it speaks to me of a day , long ago , when Weavers like your father and I could practice their skills freely .
tr	NNS	" Establishing even trade relations with a species that deals in slaves would make me uncomfortable .
tr	NNS	" You have more sisters ? "
tr	NN	So why did she accept my proposal of marriage ?
tr	NNS	You put the mushrooms in my plate . "
tr	NNS	Massey liked these random elements because they didn 't happen in the legal games .
tr	NN	" I wanted his advice on a most important matter , an important matter , I needed his advice , that 's what I needed . "
tr	NNS	Razor suddenly let out a hiss on Kenzie 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	Soon it was only smoldering coals .
tr	NNS	They found deer and were chasing them when two of the wolves ended up in snares .
tr	NN	He slammed the horn , which on this oddly shaped vehicle acted as the brake , sending them into a skid .
tr	NN	" Get the helicopter pilot .
tr	NN	" Then a few nights after I regained consciousness I remembered Elizabeth .
tr	NNS	Jack abruptly dismissed the two gentlemen he was speaking with and turned to face me .
tr	NN	And she appreciated the reprieve .
tr	NN	How did you know Miss Cameron 's nickname ? "
tr	NN	Not only did I get a crazy fortune , but I 'd blown my allowance for the entire week on foolishness .
tr	NNS	They wore their backpacks with their familiar long guns attached .
tr	NN	It wasn 't until she reached the airport that she could have a moment to make the call to Remi .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , she fired off four crisp shots .
tr	NNS	I wholeheartedly commend their efforts and I will remember your unequalled heroism for many years to come ! "
tr	NN	At the moment he was polishing off a platter of oysters , melted butter dripping from his freshly shaven ( by me ) chin .
tr	NNS	The mayor wasn 't taking any chances with Regan .
tr	NNS	All the refugees told the same tales , differing only in details ; always the smoke , always the screaming , and always the guilt .
tr	NN	I felt blood drain from my face .
tr	NN	He traced the frame of the door with his fingers before tapping a section twice .
tr	NN	I don 't think that 's such a good idea , honey . "
tr	NN	He charged past her abruptly , the roaring in his ears almost as loud as the crashing waves hammering the shore .
tr	NNS	Others wore satisfied smirks ; some , murderous scowls .
tr	NNS	" They have extras .
tr	NN	She points a perfectly manicured nail on the shiny desktop .
tr	NNS	He swam a few more strokes and then went limp .
tr	NN	The boy nodded his violently .
tr	NNS	She had also given him two pairs of blue jeans .
tr	NN	No horror in existence could surpass This frozen cruelty , the sun of ice , Or months of night like Chaos come at last .
tr	NNS	He taught some classes of freshman students in both geography and geology .
tr	NNS	They see witches at every turn .
tr	NN	He checked the scanner again .
tr	NN	However he took some minor solace in the fact that time-travel was still new to him .
tr	NNS	The intense heat produced inside the nuclear engines had slightly discolored the ports .
tr	NN	Brother George was holding the painting of the lost sheep as he left the shed .
tr	NNS	I took a few breaths to calm down .
tr	NNS	The colossal white mansion sat along the glistening waters of the James River .
tr	NNS	' Can you spare a few more demo tapes ? '
tr	NNS	I have no servants up here , what with having only recently moved in , but we must make do .
tr	NNS	The European designed courtyard contained small Greek statues , a manmade pond , and small sections of evenly cut patches of grass .
tr	NNS	" Do you have the skin markings , then ?
tr	NN	" I don 't want nothin ' from her , and I sure don 't want her to be my ma .
tr	NNS	They exchanged greetings and she took out her knitting .
tr	NN	One of us motioned to him to come show us his fish .
tr	NNS	That 's called the awn hairs . "
tr	NN	Gage let out a whoop of delight as the whale swam off into the bay , grunting and making thudding clicks .
tr	NN	She pulled off her cap , and it seemed her hair had grown another two inches since the last time I saw her .
tr	NN	Although he 'd had past disagreements with his wife , they 'd never before reached the shouting phrase .
tr	NNS	I started lighting candles .
tr	NNS	We lost even more Reboots because of my stupid plan , and the humans don 't care what happens to us .
tr	NNS	He would flick partly smoked cigarettes though the wire fence and we were to pick them up and keep them for the first man to return .
tr	NNS	I think this one bites . "
tr	NN	James Dorsey took no credit for being alive .
tr	NNS	Then he picked up the agreements and left the Hall .
tr	NN	He adjusted the index as he spoke .
tr	NN	I wipe a little snot away from my nose with the back of my hand .
tr	NNS	Hunter broke the stillness .
tr	NN	As I fell to the floor , I unleashed a flood of tears and sobs .
tr	NN	The door had a grid of holes and seven pegs .
tr	NNS	She hates birds so she asked me ... " Gwen kept talking but Neil didn 't hear her .
tr	NN	Besides , she 's got an assistant now , and she 'll be damned if she 's going to look unprofessional in front of this kid .
tr	NN	The bright-eyed girl had somehow lost her shine and was now in a dark and disturbing place .
tr	NN	36 ONCE THIS WAREHOUSE HAD HELD swords and armor , scattered across its floor in heaps , like some mythical treasure .
tr	NNS	They then stuffed their uniforms and other American clothes into the canvas bag .
tr	NN	Medicines to increase fertility .
tr	NN	Will , I can 't - I know the Law .
tr	NN	Thunder lifted a hoof , looked toward the consulate , and put the hoof down carefully .
tr	NNS	Viktor 's knife throw apparently had sliced tendons in his shoulder .
tr	NNS	' I 'm not having doubts .
tr	NNS	Can you handle Tess ? "
tr	NN	" I like the new style .
tr	NNS	They have , as one of our great ancestors wrote , certain inalienable rights to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness .
tr	NN	I took a quick peek in the mirror that hung to the side of the door and didn 't see any zits or boogers .
tr	NN	Lauren hung the curtain in silence .
tr	NN	They 'd had a heated argument in a back room , which ended with Desmond storming out , only to return with the first of the rebels .
tr	NN	Her words had a sobering effect on him .
tr	NNS	She slid off the mattress and gathered up her clothes .
tr	NNS	He pulled out a blue and white sundress that made me look just sweet as pie .
tr	NN	He saw the shudder of awareness that rippled over her as she sensed his arousal .
tr	NNS	He scanned the houses .
tr	NNS	" We installed some cameras , that 's how . "
tr	NN	They entered a robot spaceship set on springs .
tr	NNS	' At least stop slobbering all over my neck and take those stupid fake things out , you have real fangs for Pete 's sake ! '
tr	NN	She shrugs and mutes the mic for a second .
tr	NNS	She picked up the trays and made to move around .
tr	NNS	" I read some old PRC reports in Zac 's little underground library .
tr	NN	He unpacked his briefcase - legal pads , seminar materials , two cell phones , and a pager .
tr	NN	Matching the hunger sizzling in his veins .
tr	NNS	" The High Shaper has deep pockets , the matter is sensitive , and I 'm a broker of rare valuables .
tr	NNS	Always four sisters and not a man to shake a stick at , but how could that be ?
tr	NN	I take the mesh from Warner 's hand , touch it to my lips just as he did .
tr	NNS	" Say , I bet if there were two of us in here , it would halve my chances of getting bit . "
tr	NN	Right before me , I see his blue eyes darken like the ocean under a storm .
tr	NN	Ellen polished off her cake and swiped a piece from Keisha 's plate just as the phone rang .
tr	NN	I had started this charade a while back and returned every so often , mainly just check up on Seth .
tr	NNS	She could see their mouths opening and closing , opening and closing , but nothing made any sense .
tr	NN	His fingertips began a rhythmic massage of her shoulder muscles that turned into erotic foreplay .
tr	NNS	The clap of an aggressive break sent fifteen resin billiard balls everywhere but in a pocket .
tr	NNS	It shattered my senses and being far away from this world , far away from everything apart from one thing .
tr	NNS	She didn 't mind the chores , embracing them in fact .
tr	NN	She was tied up , a bandana around her mouth to keep her quiet .
tr	NNS	Age twenty-two , working part-time , earning six thousand dollars a year .
tr	NN	He looked askance at Victor , " What do you want ?
tr	NN	Nita took a running leap and grabbed onto the ladder , coasting along with it as rows of oddly named canisters whisked by her .
tr	NNS	They serve hamburgers here ? "
tr	NNS	" It had no distinctive markings on it , so we don 't know who it belongs to . "
tr	NNS	Clay Tucker lives and breathes politics .
tr	NNS	I want two cruise missiles launched ; one to those coordinates and one three kilometers due east .
tr	NN	" Don 't you feel the same , Gabrielle ?
tr	NNS	She ran three blocks , scratched on Charlee 's door , and nearly jumped out of her fur when the dog barked .
tr	NN	Can you explain the logic in that ? "
tr	NNS	" He keeps the hearts .
tr	NNS	" Rats have no thumbs and therefore cannot do many things that we can .
tr	NNS	Luis pulled up his briefs and spread his legs .
tr	NN	Jonas surveyed the narrow , shadowed staircase and decided Verity was right .
tr	NNS	By the time he was pulling the Jaguar up to his house , he was also feeling dizzy .
tr	NN	Still , Dana had the occasional wild impulse .
tr	NN	But she would do her duty .
tr	NNS	And we could offer steady meals and shelter .
tr	NNS	She frantically searched the schematics of the warehouse .
tr	NN	Captain Perry opened the file he held in his hands , " Corporal Adams , I have your statement here .
tr	NNS	I left the remains of that consumption with Mexicans .
tr	NN	Harriet put down the magazine .
tr	NNS	It has torn families apart and removed all wealth and honour a gentleman might have once had . "
tr	NN	I heard your little announcement and decided that I simply must come over to congratulate both of you . "
tr	NNS	The price of noodle cups has gone up fifty cents each .
tr	NNS	He rolled his pelvis against her in another deep push , his tempo rising , racing to match the fierce beat of his pulse .
tr	NN	I also impose upon you the responsibility of checking the accuracy of what I have written .
tr	NNS	We 're scrambling uniforms and a crime scene team now .
tr	NN	Handing someone your phone was like giving them the Pulp Fiction briefcase .
tr	NN	He sets his pen down , crosses his hands , and looks up at me .
tr	NN	She couldn 't stand this confrontation , being fought over like some dog 's bone .
tr	NNS	On the far side of a pair of lock gates , Paul could see the last straggling houses of a village .
tr	NNS	Porsche guest taught the dance classes whenever she was in town , often jet-lagged and right off a plane .
tr	NN	" Such a fresh morsel ... how can I bear to wait ? "
tr	NNS	I took off my flip - flops and put on my tennis shoes .
tr	NNS	You 'd have long bus rides to school and maybe no friends your age as neighbors , and I 'd have to give up my business . "
tr	NN	' I got the impression there was something he wanted to say , but couldn 't find the courage to say it .
tr	NN	Did he feel a bolt of guilt , or a flash of hope ?
tr	NNS	You could plainly see tracks going off in two different directions .
tr	NN	Dana tapped the pen against her chin and studied the girl .
tr	NNS	He backed up twenty yards and planted his left foot forward , the heel of his right behind the left .
tr	NN	" Yeah , you can drop the charade now . "
tr	NNS	" Did you personally drive the remains to the location where they were put to rest ? "
tr	NNS	We were playing these gigs , getting bigger , getting a rep. This was the end of the sixties .
tr	NNS	I 'd set my expectations low , never imagining Cohen would be as naturally gifted as he was .
tr	NNS	Your fingers should close over the reins with your hand turned over so that the wrist is straight and your thumb up . "
tr	NNS	" We mapped out several escape routes , going up to the roof and down to the tunnels .
tr	NN	* * * " Mum , do you want some more hot chocolate ? "
tr	NNS	Hugh poured out two cups of wine .
tr	NN	He removed a pistol from a shoulder holster under his suit jacket , looking disappointed in them .
tr	NN	This was a game , it wasn " t real .
tr	NN	When I finally find the right place , I pick a stall , lock the door , and lean up against it .
tr	NNS	Birds were eagerly tiling the floors , plastering the walls , and even partly painting them .
tr	NNS	I followed his directions closely .
tr	NNS	Me missus wants roses trimmed , an ' weeds dug .
tr	NN	Drink your juice and try to get more sleep .
tr	NN	Errol mixed half a handful of salt and seeds in one pocket-sized bag , and another in a different bag .
tr	NN	Shane covered the receiver and cleared his throat .
tr	NN	She was even using the jar to make drinks in for God 's sake .
tr	NNS	We 'll wait fifty yards up the street from the sports bar .
tr	NN	Swarms had no physical manifestation .
tr	NNS	Then she remembered his paisley silk boxers .
tr	NN	She could understand his outburst , but his way of thinking .
tr	NN	A deer approached the pond .
tr	NN	I should 've brought hot chocolate and snacks .
tr	NN	He had been eyeing the revolver a little too much for Luc 's liking .
tr	NNS	" We 've got other leads to follow in the meantime . "
tr	NNS	He attacked the stacks of bills , his hands shaking violently .
tr	NNS	The purse contained six hundred dollars in cash and a wallet with an Illinois driver 's license .
tr	NN	Or letting the fishing rod leap out from between your knees and do a backflip into the water .
tr	NNS	With three pings , he fired three shots into the side of the aircraft .
tr	NN	As she passed her mother 's bedroom , she heard a sneeze .
tr	NNS	If word should somehow reach her captors - " Who ? "
tr	NNS	Those particular files had contained photographs , but there had been a lot more files in a pile on his desk .
tr	NNS	Come back soon , I 'll have better apples . "
tr	NNS	That explained the sparkles .
tr	NNS	That would give him the skills he 'd need to create a false background . "
tr	NN	Nicolas brought her knuckles briefly to the warmth of his mouth .
tr	NNS	The Indian classical philosopher often contemplates ethics in connection with ancient Indian views about actions , or habits ( karma ) , and rebirth .
tr	NN	Gabe and his words held no meaning with her man .
tr	NN	Involving robots directly will mean the construction of the very walls that are dooming Aurora and the Spacer worlds to paralysis .
tr	NN	Jamil has equipment around here somewhere .
tr	NNS	" She kick the drugs yet ? "
tr	NN	We passed the Office of Guerrilla Warfare but didn 't slow down .
tr	NNS	Ice formed tight balls inside my stomach .
tr	NN	And the lack of sleep , and dealing with what I was hearing all over the place -- it didn 't make me a very pleasant toddler .
tr	NNS	" I guess everything changes . "
tr	NN	" I - um ... I 'm going to stay with some relatives for a bit . "
tr	NNS	Then she 'll get some feel-good drugs running through her system and her tongue will loosen . "
tr	NNS	" How can someone who knows what osmosis is be flunking all their classes ? "
tr	NNS	Then you will turn all territorial claims on behalf of the baroness over to me - at once .
tr	NNS	Sea turtles , land mines , children 's health and nutrition . "
tr	NN	Louis accepted the magnificent offering .
tr	NN	I complete my circuit of the top of the back wall before I answer .
tr	NNS	By taking trillions of dollars from the economies of the world , they have artificially created the very conditions that justify armed intervention .
tr	NNS	Zook pulled Eris to him , holding fast onto her shoulder .
tr	NNS	As I approached the fire pit , I saw two figures standing not far from the food table , gesturing wildly with their hands .
tr	NN	I experienced a flutter of panic at the thought .
tr	NNS	" Sorry about that , " said Rhys , " but I 'm not a healer , not really .
tr	NNS	Shouldn 't I be making inappropriate remarks about girls ' tits with my friends and devising ways to get my girlfriend to screw me ?
tr	NNS	He slammed the two knives simultaneously into the base of their skulls , severing spinal cords and killing them .
tr	NNS	" That explains the burns . "
tr	NN	" She ... " He cleared the strange lump from his throat .
tr	NN	Chase put his arm playfully around Madison 's shoulders .
tr	NNS	Detectives showed him some photographs of guys connected in some way with victim .
tr	NN	She handed him the basket of packages .
tr	NNS	" He wanted Lissa 's talents .
tr	NN	As though it had been signaled , Grey 's stomach emitted a loud gurgle .
tr	NNS	They had good cover bands and cold beer .
tr	NN	Gideon recalled the deadly mind snare that had been set to trap him .
tr	NNS	And the day we had grilled cheese sandwiches at my house .
tr	NNS	How had they acquired their insane skills and powers ?
tr	NNS	I have made provisions for her safety , and I will find who threatens her .
tr	NN	Nothing like a little romantic comedy to get my paybacks for the topping fight .
tr	NNS	It possesses other powers , also , but we can discuss that later . "
tr	NN	" So you don 't have cancer anymore ? "
tr	NN	She had a small , rounded belly , and sometimes got sad that she wasn 't showing very much yet .
tr	NN	We took a blood oath . "
tr	NNS	The place gave her the creeps .
tr	NN	For his outstanding bravery and impressive track record , Eden was awarded the highest rank the military had to offer .
tr	NN	Delilah had ordered another black leather duster to replace the one Boone had cut .
tr	NNS	The two men left their dishes at random places throughout the apartment .
tr	NN	Her eyes betrayed her terror as she was hauled before Black Mist 's founder .
tr	NN	Royce resisted the urge to grind his fully erect cock against her .
tr	NNS	I 'll build two houses next door if that 's the way you want it . "
tr	NN	It made Cole 's stomach knot .
tr	NNS	We collect our hot dogs and head back to the tattoo parlor .
tr	NNS	The little girl had rags for clothes and the mom looked like she hadn 't slept in weeks .
tr	NNS	I have other obligations at the castle . "
tr	NN	It had its own bath , fireplace , and overlooked the ocean too .
tr	NN	Gunner aimed his overly complicated pistol .
tr	NN	Alice didn 't look satisfied or anything .
tr	NN	What harm can one more lesson do at this point ? "
tr	NN	They orbited the structure , creating a ring and searching for something , anything that would give them a clue as to the fate of the Chaos .
tr	NNS	Blair Witch Bonnie consistently does her errands on Mondays .
tr	NN	Thalia nudged her playfully , then turned to me .
tr	NN	Roaring helicopter engines capped off the whole cacophony .
tr	NNS	" You liked those cooking classes ? "
tr	NNS	" A song to break your hearts , " Maran said softly , " and a tune to promise all the heart desires . "
tr	NNS	I added drops of my blood to fall onto the blood added by Grey and Anita .
tr	NN	He treats her like crap and he 's a sexist pig ! "
tr	NN	Miriam thrust the comb down the front of the dress .
tr	NNS	" But what about my seven satisfied clients ? "
tr	NNS	When I close the door on her , I take several long deep breaths as I walk around to my side .
tr	NNS	Silas slipped down the familiar dark corridors .
tr	NN	These names struck a chord with me , especially Poe .
tr	NNS	That would take serious balls , and I 'm ... See , that 's the problem .
tr	NN	I folded up my napkin and put it beside my plate .
tr	NNS	His body absorbed the tortured shudders rending their way through hers until she unconsciously dragged in calming breaths as the pain slowly burned itself out .
tr	NNS	Sage lay on his back , his sword a few inches from his hand , gazing up at the ceiling , gasping .
tr	NNS	I can see down her eye sockets .
tr	NNS	Noticing that both the fisherman and Nate were staring at her , she gathered her scattered wits .
tr	NN	It first declared independence from England on July 4 , 1776 , and became recognized on September 3 , 1783 .
tr	NNS	" Evil seeds ? "
tr	NN	I barely detected the Portal before they killed me . "
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , right now , someone else was standing only inches away , staring directly at it .
tr	NN	Jack Laker flipped through his notebook with one hand , the other holding his pencil aloft to retain Grubby 's attention .
tr	NN	So put down your pistol ! "
tr	NN	As he struggles to turn , Annalise notices the rifle .
tr	NNS	" How many ships in the French convoy , does it say ? "
tr	NN	They ate the fish , and it was very good .
tr	NN	Tessa had seen this aspect of the relationship between Dean and Marcus , so she understood what her brother-in-law meant .
tr	NNS	But I will make some enquiries in Cork tomorrow with my people .
tr	NN	I 'll be up all night replenishing our supply of white fudge !
tr	NNS	They just meshed and got some vibes from each other and made a cohesive piece of music .
tr	NN	She turned sixteen two days ago .
tr	NN	He kissed her nipple with a soft sigh of regret .
tr	NNS	" You ruined my book shelves .
tr	NN	Above them , a redhead stood frozen , her lips parting in shock .
tr	NN	He set aside the lid for the butter and picked up his knife .
tr	NNS	" More ships ! "
tr	NN	She took off her blouse , folded it and put it over his stomach .
tr	NNS	It wouldn 't kill Maximus .
tr	NNS	Passing Seth on the mats , the two idiots exchanged smirks .
tr	NNS	" I 've searched those areas .
tr	NNS	My mother brings several items from her closet and searches my face .
tr	NNS	" We have recently come into some new and ... unexpected funds .
tr	NNS	You all know the dangers , of course . "
tr	NNS	You see , I have some relations in London .
tr	NN	He fixed his motorcycle first , so he 'd only been working on the barn for an hour .
tr	NNS	He had pictured the Keepers emerging , bringing forgotten knowledge and truths to an excited , thankful populace .
tr	NN	He climbed down the cargo net and eased into the water .
tr	NN	" Don 't tell anybody except Trajan and Mr. Winkler about the time thing . "
tr	NNS	Then she took several deep breaths and closed the flap .
tr	NNS	A mix of spices and aromas overwhelmed my senses as I wondered how I was going to control myself from eating everything in sight .
tr	NN	It had the perfect flavor of what I had in mind for that section , aptly titled OMEGA .
tr	NNS	She wiped damp palms down her skirt and cleared her throat , twice , before pressing the intercom button .
tr	NNS	Matter of fact if she hadn 't come to her senses then , the Dickens Festival would 've gone down the tubes .
tr	NNS	" We can 't train instincts , but we need more of that around here .
tr	NN	Jim had suffered a stroke as well , and he had been curling up for a long time before Anne first met him .
tr	NNS	" You mean the pregnant Vampires in hibernation ? "
tr	NN	' Besides , I 'm not allowed jewelry .
tr	NN	Why have I lost his favor ? "
tr	NN	Only a besotted fool would beg her forgiveness and ask her to stay .
tr	NN	" You are not making this easy , Francesca .
tr	NNS	I did earn five dollars . "
tr	NN	With the rest of the crew otherwise occupied , that left the most crucial aspect of the preparations to Nita and Gunner .
tr	NNS	He noted four tunnels led out from here .
tr	NNS	Deep in thought , Miriam tied up her stockings .
tr	NN	Rather than worry about what would happen he took Maria 's advice and went about his business .
tr	NNS	The women have been taking the fertility drugs and are ready to go on to the next step .
tr	NNS	" That overcoat just drapes over her shoulders .
tr	NNS	I know the dangers , but I just can 't break it to my wife until she gets stronger .
tr	NN	Naomi turned off her computer monitor and pressed pause on her Ipod .
tr	NN	He has a reputation for snapping his temper easily .
tr	NNS	Our offense now would easily put up 45 points on any team that we faced , and our defense was holding teams to seven points or less .
tr	NN	Hell , he didn 't need that responsibility .
tr	NN	As he raced after the cat , Dominic took command of the skies .
tr	NNS	The people of our tribe killed their gods centuries ago .
tr	NN	I gave this some more consideration as I got back to my innkeeper duties .
tr	NNS	Hematite doesn 't like my genetics .
tr	NNS	I 'm left alone , the gusts beating the breath out of me .
tr	NN	As she turned , she caught a glimpse of a figure observing this from the shadows .
tr	NN	" I can give you a sedative . "
tr	NNS	" Tomorrow , " said Hector , " We will drive you back to the city and show you a few sites .
tr	NN	I shook off my reverie and looked across the counter , prepared to give my usual order , and there stood the guy from Saturday night .
tr	NN	His mother 's killer was climbing the hill on foot , to kill what he believed to be a foolish boy , waiting for his executioner .
tr	NN	He rubs his beard .
tr	NN	I caught the railing and saved myself .
tr	NN	I was wearing a light windbreaker and a white beanie cap .
tr	NN	" You drive a Mustang .
tr	NN	Then , we saw a film from the top of the structure .
tr	NN	Did you do your presentation ? "
tr	NNS	" Maybe , but we take no chances .
tr	NNS	Will she scoop out our eyeballs with a spoon and slit our throat when we are asleep ? "
tr	NNS	He will search and find the Fatal Flaw reports as part of his curiosity or some need he finds out there .
tr	NNS	Soft bits , sunny side up .
tr	NNS	Bren pulled the reins of his horse and trotted back toward her .
tr	NNS	She rinsed the items she 'd used to cook and loaded them into the dishwasher , then cleaned off the countertops .
tr	NN	She made no protest when Zeke entered too .
tr	NN	" Oh my god . "
tr	NNS	Harlan quoted numbers , from this time last year and compared them to now .
tr	NN	Summer got the shovel and a cardboard box and went out in the pasture and dug a hole .
tr	NN	And I 'm wearing a nightgown .
tr	NN	" Means sometimes we make our own fate .
tr	NN	You can have a tantrum but in the end , you can 't make me take you . "
tr	NNS	" I have evacuated the mines as you ordered , my King .
tr	NN	In fact , Clark is considering a lawsuit against the Seattle Police Department for causing him this embarrassment . "
tr	NN	Helen finished her task all too soon and stepped to his side .
tr	NN	" I 'll take this outfit .
tr	NNS	Nobody will need your skills for anything ever , but can you drive me home ? "
tr	NNS	Would he row slave ships ?
tr	NN	This didn 't require the deep consideration a relationship would .
tr	NN	She tuned her instrument as people called out , " Dream Weaver ! "
tr	NNS	I eat cow brains ? "
tr	NN	" Gosh , " said the clerk , all excited , " we ain 't had a tourist attraction since the rat at the zoo died . "
tr	NN	She yanked a curtain down over the symbols in her mind .
tr	NNS	So someone paid a thousand bucks to put me in the hospital .
tr	NNS	She could crunch numbers , sort receipts and design a financial plan to get anyone out of debt .
tr	NNS	" I especially don 't date clients . "
tr	NNS	I pat my pockets for my knife .
tr	NNS	Richard didn 't often crack jokes so Grace found his attempt at humour encouraging .
tr	NN	He switched his visual range to thermal and cautiously peered round both corners .
tr	NN	The closet , which was partly open , displayed an organized row of civilian clothes hanging inside , crisp and neat .
tr	NN	The hostess took a briefcase with her and joined the queue .
tr	NNS	His animation and wit delighted his peers .
tr	NN	She wished no follower from Leng 's hateful monastery , for along the way ahead would lurk enough of other dangers .
tr	NN	Shouldn 't you be speaking another language or something ? "
tr	NN	This party didn 't have any plastic bowls filled with chips and salsa .
tr	NN	This has brought great harm to him .
tr	NNS	She could invent plausible excuses , but the problem was that Carrie did want to see Vaughn again , despite what he 'd told her .
tr	NNS	He summoned two female servants who pulled me up .
tr	NNS	His platoon had been running patrols through the city streets since the capital had fallen to the Grenadier forces .
tr	NN	Setting down the empty bucket , I take Bilal 's trunk in my hands and examine the newly cracked , dry edges .
tr	NN	I didn 't have a lawyer or translator and I just stood there listening while several men talked and occasionally glanced back .
tr	NN	When her answer was long in coming , he picked up the receiver , excusing Josie and Doug with an abrupt motion of his head .
tr	NN	" Am I myself not proof ?
tr	NNS	" It has cameras and other sensors that feed input back to a central processing unit before that information is transmitted back to the pilot .
tr	NN	Sydney unscrewed the lid and grimaced at what she saw inside .
tr	NNS	When they awoke the next morning , Sarah made cheese sandwiches and mugs of tea for breakfast .
tr	NN	She was wearing a two-piece red outfit that looked like a bathing suit and red high heels .
tr	NNS	I looked past Reid and directed a friendly smile at the large bearded man behind the front desk of the cafe .
tr	NNS	I don 't fuck gnomes . "
tr	NN	He had not really discussed this topic with Amira , though he 'd overheard many of her conversations with Garen .
tr	NNS	He had no rights to her .
tr	NNS	Believe it or not , an experienced woman can teach the more young and shapely women many tricks , learned through years of experience .
tr	NNS	She put the pages down and sighed .
tr	NN	A regular person can maintain a ' pseudo personality ' for up to three years .
tr	NN	At least Mrs. Sinclair would have some closure , Nate said , which made her wonder if she 'd managed to express herself after all .
tr	NNS	" Husbands have ... expectations . "
tr	NN	She recognizes the coloring .
tr	NN	Tyler looked sheepish and switched the music off .
tr	NN	I like my privacy . "
tr	NNS	I should have followed my instincts and kept my mouth shut about it .
tr	NN	The boy wore a bright blue t-shirt with scuffs and small tears on the elbows .
tr	NNS	You can create illusions of being bad boys , living outrageously without doing a thing .
tr	NN	Carefully , he nestled the jewelry in her hair .
tr	NNS	Should you need to enter or leave the hold , my guards will scan your thumbs at its gateway .
tr	NN	The four star general 's strong voice filled Gene 's receiver with this message : " You probably should have gone through different channels , Barker . "
tr	NNS	" Seventy thousand dollars ? "
tr	NNS	" Half a million bucks . "
tr	NNS	You 've done bigger spells than that since then , right ? "
tr	NN	And I had a new respect for him .
tr	NN	" I 'm flashing a laser pointer all over the room . "
tr	NNS	Analogy # 1 Christopher is causing some type of chemical reaction inside my brain which is creating within me uncontrollable bursts of emotional explosions .
tr	NNS	I can feel everyone 's stares as I push through the door .
tr	NNS	She dug the frozen carcass of her phone from the snow , then held it up and swiped at the screen .
tr	NN	Night after night with Sid , talking poetry because she couldn 't sleep and neither could he .
tr	NN	Trevor shifted his backpack on his shoulders .
tr	NN	Okay , so maybe he had felt a pang of jealousy at the thought of her here with some other dude .
tr	NN	Doing you would be an exercise in boredom , you lower middle-aged wench .
tr	NN	But that snarl , that clash of Jewels .
tr	NN	The memories themselves meant no harm , being that they existed in unchanging form .
tr	NNS	Did you keep the powers after she died ? "
tr	NN	Reginald let his head sag , wondering how long it would be until the sun rose .
tr	NN	Since he was in this form anyway , he 'd take the pup out before shifting to fur and meeting Blair and some others for a run .
tr	NN	She chanced a peek at him from under her lashes .
tr	NN	" Ganon sought revenge for his execution , and he 's found it in abundance .
tr	NNS	Roland Thompson ran the last several yards with pencil and pad in hand to record the massacre .
tr	NNS	I cannot see the specifics . "
tr	NN	She wanted any punishment to be play and not because she 'd let him down .
tr	NN	Sarah just scared the crap out of me . "
tr	NNS	The tears streaming down his cheeks made little rivulets in the dust clogging the wrinkles in his skin .
tr	NN	Beyond the stone , the graves ascend a small hill , dozens of them lining the square pathways .
tr	NN	He crushed his opponent !
tr	NN	do not try this experiment on any flights originating from any cities in California .
tr	NNS	" Silas likes Shifters . "
tr	NN	The pirate held her pinned , his hard body pressed between her spread legs .
tr	NNS	" Run your own errands ! "
tr	NN	Each piece only gives a single location of safety , according to the book , and that is the place closest to where that civilization lived .
tr	NN	She wore a diaphanous white blouse with a black skirt , and pearls that Ellie knew instantly had to have cost a fortune .
tr	NN	" What bowels of Google gave you that gem ? "
tr	NNS	" He 'd still have his engineered apprentices and whatever other magic he knows . "
tr	NNS	' Well , sir , due to harsh market conditions ... ' Wood 's eyes narrowed suspiciously .
tr	NNS	She patted her pockets for a pen to leave a note and came up empty .
tr	NNS	She could have stopped Alexis from killing Ethan 's father and mother long before if someone had just told her what Alexis had been through .
tr	NNS	He also grabbed all the freshest sandwiches he could find along with apple pies , bubble gums and sodas .
tr	NN	Retrieving the credit card from her wallet she made a mad dash for the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Still , I quickly shoved the briefs under the biggest pile .
tr	NNS	We have our methods , punk ! "
tr	NNS	" Once the diamond medallion is invoked , Samantha , one would have all the powers of the vampire , without the shortcomings .
tr	NNS	In A Midsummer Night 's Dream , the fairies play tricks on the humans , making lovers fall for each other against all odds .
tr	NN	Jacques made the mental equivalent of a shrug .
tr	NN	Loree , Week 1 Loree had more or less forgotten the entire experiment until right before school on Monday .
tr	NN	The condom began a terminal itch .
tr	NNS	He would have his lovers and go on his adventures .
tr	NN	The shopkeeper comes over and shows Elijah a magazine the size of a postage stamp .
tr	NNS	But first he would kill her captors .
tr	NN	" For example ? "
tr	NNS	Nate , Trevor , Summer , and Pigeon stashed their bikes before walking around to the front .
tr	NN	Bur honked the horn as he pulled his car up outside .
tr	NN	Nicole fought the urge to check her neckline and the corners of her mouth for more crumbs .
tr	NN	They rolled the marble cylinder , with its smoothly carved orifices , into position .
tr	NN	The other made my insides twist in on themselves .
tr	NN	She cleared garbage off of his chest and searched his neck for a pulse but found none .
tr	NNS	He collects aluminum cans to buy bubble gum for anyone who asks for it .
tr	NNS	Mack reiterates Tom 's sentiments .
tr	NN	" Haha no I don 't have the local dialect .
tr	NN	He eased the brake again .
tr	NN	For those of you who don 't already have your books , you 'll need the second edition of the text listed in the syllabus . "
tr	NN	He gave her the short version .
tr	NNS	I will not make two trips . "
tr	NN	" How about retort my displeasure and surprise ? "
tr	NN	I gave a snort at the sound of my Top partner 's name .
tr	NNS	" You 've been saying your spells for a couple weeks now , has one ever not done what you thought it would ? "
tr	NN	I nodded weakly , the thumping of my heart so fierce I feared she may overhear it and scold me .
tr	NN	" You see this rug ! "
tr	NN	He saw the guard captain sag to his knees , fighting to get his helmet off , and he leapt the stall .
tr	NN	I need the phone 's location now . "
tr	NN	I don 't know ... a protest ?
tr	NNS	" I shall order the seeds for you and find a good location , madam .
tr	NNS	" Not yet , but she has three floors to navigate . "
tr	NN	Why all the political fallout ? "
tr	NNS	He wanted her breasts hanging free in easy reach of his hands .
tr	NNS	They still had ten Omega subjects , more than enough to seed the new site in Moscow .
tr	NN	" I trust the Priest . "
tr	NN	" Show some respect . "
tr	NN	I let out another snicker as I made my way to the bathroom before Kennan could say anything .
tr	NNS	" I 've laid my cards out on the table , Jewell .
tr	NN	A few weeks later he had his favourite walks , and his favourite foods ; he was beginning to develop habits .
tr	NNS	I sized up the numbers .
tr	NN	She saw the indecision on his face .
tr	NNS	A moment later magical energy forms behind them whipping them in the butt over and over causing them to run towards the city .
tr	NN	Anna passed the old oak , snow hanging heavy on the bare branches .
tr	NNS	Why take all these crazy chances , and run the risk of losing everything ?
tr	NNS	The corrugated walls had suffered some dents over the years .
tr	NN	He put a hand playfully up to his ear and the crowd went nuts again in answer .
tr	NN	He edged his way backwards , looking up at the window .
tr	NNS	" Sherry got bad breaks all the way around . "
tr	NNS	" Gavin wants you out front , I 'll take the balloons now .
tr	NNS	I could see the wheels turning in her mind and fear began to distort her face .
tr	NN	Chapter 9 Claire Jensen dropped an overstuffed leather briefcase onto the vinyl seat and slid into the booth across from Lillian .
tr	NNS	How could she let her skills fall behind those of an actual killer ?
tr	NNS	He might have put his cards on the table , but I 'm the one that collected them and shuffled them .
tr	NNS	Brody slid the bands out of the ends of my completely ruined braids and tossed them over the edge .
tr	NNS	As my eyes connected with his , it spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	Her body had no complications .
tr	NN	" I 've alerted the emergency room physician we may have a concussion .
tr	NNS	' Ten thousand dollars .
tr	NN	" You have an active imagination . "
tr	NN	After sitting for hours , with one swipe , I knock it from the table , a yell erupting from deep inside me .
tr	NN	You give no quarter in loving .
tr	NNS	Can you even comprehend those numbers against our fledgling Armada ? "
tr	NNS	Jack gave him a thumbs up , and added a touch of blue to the shield .
tr	NNS	" How many houses did you guys put in there ? "
tr	NNS	After dousing the pliers with alcohol and cleaning them thoroughly , he told his helpers to brace themselves .
tr	NN	Old Forge approves a new pothole repair budget .
tr	NNS	House for sale ... Nightmare in the making ... Madison rubbed her temples , hoping to ward off her headache .
tr	NN	His hand moved back up my thigh and slipped inside of my leg .
tr	NN	" But if I had to choose between us breaking up and you being safe , without a doubt I 'd choose the latter .
tr	NNS	Because if you hadn 't done what you did , I would have lost two sons on the same day . "
tr	NNS	Now she , too , could sense the darker currents swirling beneath the exotic energy of the chimes .
tr	NNS	For a moment , I can forget all my aches and pains .
tr	NNS	' It only makes sense up here , ' he knocked knuckles on the side of his head , his other hand fiddling with rope .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you recharge your batteries and then try again ? "
tr	NNS	He put the cigarettes back and unfolded the paper .
tr	NNS	And recently given shots .
tr	NN	If my hunch is right , you can use all the protection you can get . "
tr	NNS	" They got family members into high level positions in the Yankee government and army .
tr	NNS	Dan had an old .22 Winchester also , and he loved to hunt .
tr	NNS	In the past , when Kai patrolled the Twelfth Ward , the city 's noise overwhelmed his senses .
tr	NNS	Flutter your eyelashes , spread around those long , low , suggestive looks , sigh a lot and heave your bosom .
tr	NN	" I don 't appreciate your humor . "
tr	NNS	When he indulged his literary bent , he wanted authors who were competent !
tr	NNS	" Like I said , I like my chances . "
tr	NN	His deep , seductive voice made her stomach flutter , so she purposely cast him an annoyed glance .
tr	NNS	Several side buildings doubtless hold supplies and the individual cabins of the thieves .
tr	NNS	He swept his thumbs beneath the hollow of my eyes , capturing all the relief spilling from me .
tr	NN	He forced her obedience without a qualm .
tr	NN	She suddenly recalled the pond and the children she had come so close to , but none of them had affected her in this way .
tr	NNS	Besides , we must ease your fears about your wedding night . "
tr	NNS	Matthew pushed Alexis out of the way and Amanda plunged the knife into his chest .
tr	NN	She felt a pang of guilt at her curiosity .
tr	NNS	I can hear shuffling noises from inside .
tr	NNS	Something else out there could throw energy balls around like a warlock .
tr	NNS	She had used candles to make her wishes come true .
tr	NNS	" Launch the missiles or we won 't have a President to even worry about . "
tr	NNS	Creek consulted the directions they 'd printed off Fiji 's computer .
tr	NN	We must honour your success ! "
tr	NNS	The security guy loved his practical jokes .
tr	NNS	He said uncle Cromwell .
tr	NN	Bringing his right leg forward , he thrust his katana into another 's stomach and twisted it .
tr	NN	Later today , she will climb the broken hill and talk to the Sculptor about her morning composition .
tr	NNS	He could not contain his actions .
tr	NNS	Chase , you will control the masses .
tr	NNS	She too was watching the subtle changes in the body and the head .
tr	NN	" Oh , " she thought for a moment , " well , I can 't fault that logic , so thank you . "
tr	NN	If she dies at the hands of an American college student , it 'll create an international incident .
tr	NNS	" Mom , we can 't take any chances with Daddy .
tr	NNS	Tribal leaders actually controlled tribe members .
tr	NNS	" Next you 'll say , I should put breeches on my horse . "
tr	NNS	I don 't see any high water marks on the trees so the creek must be rising .
tr	NN	And a friend wouldn 't withhold a simple detail like that . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll have some phone numbers by the time you get back . "
tr	NN	And if there were wind turbines up there , then somebody must have set up an encampment atop that mountain .
tr	NNS	I scanned the arcane runes , the symbols leaping back to me from my training .
tr	NN	Without answering Bjorn throws a dagger in between the two young men barley missing them both .
tr	NN	He hit the truck release .
tr	NN	Instead of releasing the chain , she engaged the dead bolt once more .
tr	NNS	Either way , Jewels has other ties .
tr	NN	He cracked his knuckles .
tr	NN	We discussed the design of her home ; she was fascinated by interiors and had helped with every room in the house .
tr	NN	" I withdraw the material relating to Moore 's death .
tr	NN	He bit back a groan .
tr	NNS	" Do you always greet wolves with such courtesy ? "
tr	NNS	I ignored the stares and a few pointing fingers and followed my parents into a conference room where a man stood on a podium adjusting his tie .
tr	NNS	Something that smells like strawberries .
tr	NNS	People littered the darkly lit sidewalks , talking , laughing , flirting but I could see no sign of John .
tr	NNS	You shame yourselves by treating me so . "
tr	NNS	I wrote some silly lyrics for some of their songs .
tr	NNS	' Now I understand a part of last night 's riddle , ' said Legolas as he sprang lightly upon Arod 's back .
tr	NNS	I make monthly payments , but I 'll never be able to get him the care he needs .
tr	NN	This would require careful review of the film , to ensure that what we already know of their adventure was faithfully represented .
tr	NNS	As they looked towards the lake , they saw strange birds flying in the sky .
tr	NNS	" I can do al sorts of helpful things .
tr	NNS	Several turrets and batteries change their firing solutions .
tr	NNS	He just has the balls to say it in front of us . "
tr	NNS	Did they have inside jokes ?
tr	NN	He grabs his backpack from the bottom of the wardrobe and begins to fill it with clothes .
tr	NNS	You lost your sons , your husband , your home .
tr	NN	They can 't get revenge if you don 't come to them .
tr	NN	She crumbled the file against her chest and flattened herself behind the chair , against the wall and out of sight .
tr	NN	Janu asked his oldest grandchild .
tr	NNS	The figures wore full white weather suits .
tr	NN	" I don 't give a fuck .
tr	NNS	I have seen tracks that were way too big to be a coyote .
tr	NNS	I can hear her background noises diminishing .
tr	NN	He popped the lid off his coffee cup as he finished , bouncing it off Lodge 's forehead , then headed for the door .
tr	NNS	Every one of us , you and me , too , if you can 't act like you have brains for just a few short days ! "
tr	NNS	Hopefully we can discuss the Christmas arrangements after the match . '
tr	NNS	Montcalm was keeping red coats from landing anywhere near the city .
tr	NNS	As much as they loved Jacob , they would always have issues with Heather .
tr	NNS	Out on the road , wagons thunder past blindly in the blizzard .
tr	NN	Somewhat paradoxically , science excludes the scientist from its picture of the world .
tr	NNS	I felt his eyelashes on my eyelids .
tr	NNS	They did wonders for my guilt over keeping men and women in cages .
tr	NNS	I 'd had some heavy bombs dropped on me in my lifetime .
tr	NN	She touched the notepad with her long red nails .
tr	NNS	You deserve nice surroundings like that .
tr	NNS	Highways provide invasion routes , however , and a city , by its very existence , proclaims the presence of large numbers of people and valuable property .
tr	NNS	She wiped sweaty palms on her napkin , faked a smile , and texted Marla .
tr	NNS	He moves several large racks and boxes out of the way to reveal a hidden door .
tr	NNS	He was still throwing shots of explosions at my original attacker .
tr	NN	Just need some juice and cookies . "
tr	NN	She bit back a snort .
tr	NNS	The kids attend weekly meetings where they start to build self-esteem and learn to respect the environment and each other .
tr	NN	I heard a rumor he 's the next Warrior of the Blood .
tr	NN	She shared this quality with Quinlan .
tr	NN	She lifted the pillow from her eyes to see him approach and kneel beside their bed .
tr	NN	A shiver ran up Will 's spine and his breathing felt labored .
tr	NN	She yanked down her cap and said nothing .
tr	NN	I had the apparatus rigged so the fish would not be dragged ruthlessly through the water even at fast operating speeds .
tr	NNS	Trey had made no great errors in the first half , but he 'd certainly done nothing spectacular .
tr	NNS	" That would explain Lee 's cryptic remarks to Herbie .
tr	NN	I gave his hand a squeeze and feigned a smile .
tr	NN	I said a prayer , and I turned down my bed as a sign of faith that I would return home to sleep in it .
tr	NN	Chapter 7 Cameron followed Ainsley Douglas 's swaying gray bustle up the steps to the dark end of the terrace .
tr	NN	It didn 't take much imagination to see the change .
tr	NN	I 've appreciated your advice and guidance over the years .
tr	NNS	Liu Bao shrugged and filled their cups again with wine .
tr	NN	She had an inkling as to what they were after .
tr	NN	Endoscopy permits the diagnosis and surgical treatment of a wide variety of ailments using minimally invasive surgery .
tr	NN	The thought of being alone on this desolate beach with the three men had sent a shaft of unease through me .
tr	NNS	I could see clouds of smoke billowing out of the building , pale gray against the dark sky .
tr	NNS	Each sprouted a dozen different palms .
tr	NNS	* * * " That was quick , " Trace grinned at Ashe as their waitress placed plates of food on the table .
tr	NN	With your father and brother at your side , you will learn the true extent of your strength .
tr	NN	One has a black ponytail .
tr	NNS	We gathered our supplies and donned headlamps so that we wouldn 't run into any unwanted surprises in the dark .
tr	NN	David could see the old man 's forehead furrow as he thought .
tr	NNS	They are laughing and sharing jokes that I can 't share with him in public .
tr	NN	Lee scratched her fingernail back and forth along the label on her vitamin water .
tr	NN	She had a large clip in her hand and slowly drew her hair up , twisting it around and around .
tr	NNS	He pressed his thumbs into his eye sockets .
tr	NNS	The bottoms of jeans soaked black dye from a bucket .
tr	NNS	We don 't need the street addresses . "
tr	NN	I just feed His flock what they need to grow , and try to chase or drag them back onto the path when they fall off it .
tr	NN	The robot floated off the terrace and hung above the backyard pool for a second before disappearing into the sky .
tr	NN	He would never leave the door unlocked , much less open !
tr	NN	The change had now taken full possession of him , with the inevitable wash of ecstasy .
tr	NN	Bill tossed a handful of snack mix in his mouth .
tr	NNS	And , so far , I draw no conclusions .
tr	NN	We cannot understand the underlying language of the Marks we have , and thus we cannot create new angelic Marks .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , my feet gripped a knot which was too low so I had to shin up the rope to be able to sit in the hoop .
tr	NNS	" It had gnaw marks . "
tr	NNS	Returning his mount to the cover of the trees , he tied off the reins and carefully turned to make his way to the castle .
tr	NN	Cameron peeled the broadcloth bodice from her back and rubbed her bare wrists .
tr	NNS	" I 'll ruin my own meals . "
tr	NNS	" You don 't understand the numbers we have ... " Turan said .
tr	NN	" The evening meeting with Matthew and Ashley must have set my mental clock behind a bit . "
tr	NNS	The Eye of Horus controls all your senses .
tr	NN	I sip my orange juice and then place the empty glass back on the table .
tr	NNS	They can keep any " treasures " that they may find .
tr	NNS	" Can you do any other magic tricks ?
tr	NN	Like we had cheated fate .
tr	NNS	I have brought newborn babies across great distances without waking them . "
tr	NNS	Dham 's voice sounds a little breathless but he 's keeping pace with me easily .
tr	NN	I have a special announcement to make . "
tr	NN	James has a talent for making me forget the world around us , for making it all feel normal .
tr	NN	Brittany gave me a congratulatory smirk and took her lead position again .
tr	NN	He pulled its brim lower over his eyebrows .
tr	NN	Kimbra pointed out the cockpit .
tr	NN	I have the impression she is lonely , although she hasn 't said so in those words . "
tr	NN	She opened the lid , added more ice , and then handed it back to him .
tr	NNS	As I regained consciousness , I felt aches and stiffness all throughout my body , the bruises from last night 's training .
tr	NNS	She had long fingernails .
tr	NN	' He sort of regained consciousness after supper , and his servants helped him to the throne .
tr	NNS	I ignored his rudeness .
tr	NN	In a very real sense , she held the fate of all mankind in her uncaring hands .
tr	NNS	Don 't clients get to do what they want ? "
tr	NNS	The paper bags made rustling noises , no matter how quiet he tried to be .
tr	NN	Not every warrior had that talent or ability .
tr	NNS	It burned the same brightness and color as Earth 's .
tr	NN	" You run a free clinic .
tr	NNS	We still have some cash issues we need to work out but that 's our goal one day . "
tr	NN	asked the ticket clerk .
tr	NN	" How you say ... ' I like your bum ? ' "
tr	NNS	Why don 't you call the blond Adonis and ask him to grab her ?
tr	NNS	He shifted positions with athletic fluidity , lifting her as he slid underneath her .
tr	NN	When he saw where her finger pointed , he almost dropped the dagger .
tr	NNS	" I will drive myself , " he informed the waiting servants .
tr	NN	His lips move down my belly and I feel his shoulders settle between my legs .
tr	NN	The newest petitioner approached his throne .
tr	NNS	He had centuries of life in front of him and he would someday find another soul to live with .
tr	NNS	One at a time , she swiped her sweaty palms down her crisp jeans .
tr	NN	I disappear over the ridge , then hear his car door slam and the engine start .
tr	NN	The Lord gave the Law to Moses on Sinai .
tr	NN	Besides , you saw your visitor yesterday . '
tr	NN	MaryAnn watched the raw emotions chase across his face .
tr	NN	" Right before you came I found this article .
tr	NN	One by one , I touched the row of doors in front of me with my hand .
tr	NN	She could sense the Web surrounding her as her mind relaxed .
tr	NNS	" Mom , " I said between chews , " come on , she needs more chores .
tr	NN	For a businesswoman , you certainly have a vivid imagination .
tr	NNS	" I could make millions . "
tr	NN	I could see my t-shirt , but below the cuff of the sleeve was nothing .
tr	NN	Inside spacious rooms curved around large natural stones , augmented by tinted sculptured concrete offered the impression each room was chiseled from inside the earth .
tr	NNS	They took positions around him and Altair saw that , though they wore the same uniform , they were different from those stationed in the outer curtain .
tr	NNS	He swallowed , the unfamiliar fangs nipping his lips .
tr	NNS	" You mean the skanky little sundress to go with the Logan Mason approved toiletries ? "
tr	NN	The other held a rifle he pointed directly at me , unflinching .
tr	NNS	He crept the last few yards to the end of the tunnel .
tr	NN	We kept a running tally of the differences in the pop culture of the new timeline .
tr	NNS	Powerful , brilliant , and magical , they ruled all the lands and all the creatures in them .
tr	NNS	Eve 's nostrils flared , scents intensifying with startling immediacy .
tr	NN	Of course , they knew his precise location at all times thanks to the microchip embedded under his hamstring .
tr	NN	I lower the toilet lid and sit down .
tr	NN	I halted my speech at the right moment .
tr	NNS	" So you never made wagon wheels , or harnesses , or stuff like that ? "
tr	NN	Andrew wore a pout .
tr	NNS	" I expect no delays .
tr	NNS	" First , we get the twins out of here .
tr	NNS	Though the body was the result of a recent murder , not an ancient one , she still treated the remains with respect .
tr	NNS	He snaps open his jaws and releases a powerful blast at Warrior .
tr	NN	Her hesitancy gave her an almost childlike quality , and gone was the tough-as-nails badass Angel of Death .
tr	NN	He picked up the tankard , dropped money on the bar and moved away .
tr	NN	I do not want a puppet , or a different woman .
tr	NN	The dampener had cleared the buffeting software that normally protected me .
tr	NN	Cal squints his distaste at the role reversal .
tr	NN	I owe you one favor . "
tr	NNS	" To the victor go the spoils ! "
tr	NN	Dante curiously opened the lid of the box and looked at the ring his father had just given him .
tr	NN	Miss Stoker gave me a glare .
tr	NN	She claims my humanity and ' pure heart ' are sacred . "
tr	NNS	" Has your father made arrangements for you ? "
tr	NNS	Jason also brought eight crossbows and a large bag of bolts .
tr	NN	Nika gave a negligent shrug .
tr	NNS	David wiped his palms slightly - he seemed slightly uncomfortable at speaking to his brother 's mind , but he did his best to disguise that .
tr	NN	She made a vague gesture with her hand , as if to push them away .
tr	NNS	I have learned a few tricks from that fool sorcerer .
tr	NNS	" You have made modifications , Gustave . "
tr	NN	" In graphic detail . "
tr	NN	At the very least , it 'll ensure joint custody , though I 'd be surprised if I didn 't get full . "
tr	NN	Ethan stifled a groan .
tr	NN	Turns out , she had a basket already packed .
tr	NNS	She mumbled numbers which Abby could not decipher .
tr	NNS	If you use projectile weapons , please activate the safety mechanisms now .
tr	NN	" Sorry , I , uh , I kicked a potted plant by accident . "
tr	NN	Through it Reacher could see a bartender at work and the backs of four drinkers hunched on stools .
tr	NN	" We need our healer .
tr	NN	Can 't I get any privacy ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll bring rags and soap and some newsprint to clean the window .
tr	NN	They wanted justice served for their country against the invaders , and for their lost family and friends against the native criminals .
tr	NN	They only had the misfortune to have me .
tr	NNS	But somehow he 'd found these artifacts .
tr	NNS	In addition , Israel 's large non-Jewish minorities -- including Arabs and Armenians -- practice various forms of Islam and Christianity .
tr	NNS	" Five feet five inches . "
tr	NNS	I had no doubts , and I was correct .
tr	NNS	We three watched as our three favorite guys gathered their treasures .
tr	NN	Grant flashed a smug smirk .
tr	NN	I set the rifle against my chest -- the strap stung my neck with coarse threads -- and started pulling .
tr	NN	He regretted his outburst later and offered an abrupt apology , but by then it had been too late ; Hannah could barely tolerate looking at him .
tr	NN	She always made an impression , unlike Roger , who rarely wore anything much fancier than his hoodie .
tr	NNS	Itching with the desire to fight and fight now , Sabin studied the monitors , eight screens that spanned the entire hillside .
tr	NNS	You can only see some marketing splash pages .
tr	NN	One man pointed a rifle at someone down behind the counter , where we couldn 't see .
tr	NNS	Something hideous sank its fangs into him .
tr	NN	A coughing fit racks Blanche 's frame .
tr	NNS	I kept tabs on you , Kitten .
tr	NN	Typically , I 'd show them the video , explaining how they can live forever and never age or get sick .
tr	NNS	But he 'd known loneliness and emptiness before he 'd met Kara , and they were a bitch .
tr	NNS	I have serious doubts about the basic questions that underlie theory of knowledge .
tr	NNS	Chase snapped his jaws together .
tr	NN	She knew his style , and it wasn 't this monstrous .
tr	NNS	" See those birds up there ? "
tr	NN	" And wrote an article about it that 's a total lie . "
tr	NN	" In fact , Mr. Wither 's conversation was having precisely the opposite effect .
tr	NN	" Feeling a pregnancy coming on ? "
tr	NN	He was defending her reputation , as he looked from one to the other of them .
tr	NN	The questions made my head ache .
tr	NN	Mac , only a moron could lose this argument .
tr	NN	Our EBT sheeple will out vote the opposition .
tr	NN	Had she imagined his unease ?
tr	NN	He turned and dumped a few delicious looking flapjacks on a plate .
tr	NNS	Chuck recognized the bricks .
tr	NNS	There were plans to make , supplies to arrange for , messages to be sent .
tr	NN	Can Wolves eat chocolate ? "
tr	NN	She passed the jar and magic marker to me .
tr	NN	Saw his hands clench around the arms of the chair .
tr	NN	Now Marco was telling her she had the potential for tripling her revenue in eighteen months ?
tr	NN	Corinne heard the hitch in his breath as he slowly bent his head to her .
tr	NNS	However , as you know , they found too many fingerprints .
tr	NNS	All of them had beautiful patchwork quilts .
tr	NNS	" They were using students as their experiments , performing genetic testing to turn those kids into killers , to make them smart and deadly .
tr	NNS	She heard bits and pieces of their conversation as the boys went from brash to pleading to anger .
tr	NN	I always wanted a sibling ... " Her eyes glimmered in the darkness , and her voice caught .
tr	NNS	He 'd have floor-to-ceiling shelves filled with books and interesting mementos .
tr	NN	Cillian 's got Mr Prentiss Jr 's rifle in his hands and is pointing it at Mr Prentiss Jr. .
tr	NNS	Boone had made some sandwiches and was looking for a shopping bag to pack the sandwiches and water into .
tr	NNS	I take a few breaths to calm myself , step back , and lift Buttercup by the scruff of the neck .
tr	NN	She set the teacup down with delicate precision and looked up at Ryland , carefully meeting his eyes .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have the skills to scale a rock face or hike deer trails through thick brambles and dead brush that would rip up her skin .
tr	NNS	And then suddenly she dug her fingernails into my back .
tr	NNS	He kissed her thighs , brushed his mouth over her sensitive mound and propped himself on his elbows , the better to see her face .
tr	NNS	I do not need your prayers for the world I am building . "
tr	NNS	And not a single one of my hundred friends on the football team can lend me his wheels .
tr	NN	A sharp slice of panic pierced my belly .
tr	NN	" He has somehow developed the impression that he is urgently needed in the kitchen . "
tr	NNS	" What kinda renovations are you planning ? "
tr	NN	The angel lowered its wing , and glared at the Lok ' Chang with pity .
tr	NN	She brushed a fingertip over it , tracing the chain completely around his head in a circle .
tr	NNS	Not wanting our radio transmissions to be overheard by any pirates monitoring them , we touched helmets .
tr	NNS	He did three tours in Vietnam , where he got shot and burned and briefly captured .
tr	NNS	The voice sounded more feline than female .
tr	NNS	I pick out my usual items , tinned pineapple slices , some alphabet spaghetti and a tin of tomatoes .
tr	NN	I got the distinct impression that their minds had never overtly touched before .
tr	NN	I opened the brown package and spread the contents on the table .
tr	NN	With Beth 's help , she finally got her first real glimpse of Gray 's home .
tr	NN	When she sobered enough to speak , she realised he was serious and therefore protested , " We can 't leave our own wedding reception . "
tr	NN	I didn 't bother answering .
tr	NN	He gave his friend credit for knowing his mind and admitting the truth aloud .
tr	NNS	The short walk to the car left Quinn breathless .
tr	NNS	For the first time they are called Christians .
tr	NN	" You can take Sheila 's jeep .
tr	NN	Up all night himself , he should 've taken that same advice .
tr	NNS	I dart my eyeballs to the side , seeing .
tr	NNS	" Someone 's been laying some spells .
tr	NNS	he asked , inches from her chest .
tr	NN	I lowered my cap when I felt his stare .
tr	NNS	She was not taking any changes .
tr	NNS	Two guards stood at the gate a few hundred yards away .
tr	NN	He grasped a handful of my hair .
tr	NNS	Cas swings to face him , his posture hardening .
tr	NNS	I could see visions of Sherlock Holmes doing the same thing in The Hound of the Baskervilles .
tr	NN	He watched the fight drain out of her as she covered her face with her hands .
tr	NN	I have a legacy , and I 'm going to be true to it .
tr	NNS	" I was washing dishes .
tr	NNS	I know the ties you have with Jones .
tr	NN	Nicolae was taking the offensive .
tr	NN	That way I would have some privacy and not have Finn and Anita breathing down my neck .
tr	NN	And she 'd always had the strange conviction that she did belong somewhere .
tr	NNS	They 've even traced the serial numbers on the shells of the weapons they believe started this plague . "
tr	NN	" We can enchant an item for you , or give you a demon claw . "
tr	NN	He zipped up the backpack after that and hefted it over his shoulder .
tr	NNS	" If a body 's going to invent relations , they may as well have deep pockets and open hands . "
tr	NNS	All those lines and boundaries dissolved away , leaving two aroused adults with nothing stopping them but scruples .
tr	NN	I wheeled the Mustang into the compound and watched to make sure the gates swung closed behind us .
tr	NN	The World of Humanity The 5th world , Humanity , is also called ' tranquility . '
tr	NNS	Ink rubbed his temples .
tr	NNS	I didn 't trust my own senses , but every time I opened my eyes , the Trojans remained .
tr	NN	Lily 's anger scared the bunny into hopping out of his hiding place .
tr	NNS	I knew the chemicals that went into my own gold tattoo , and the formula was complex and composed of several rare ingredients .
tr	NNS	" We 're not teaching college-level classes .
tr	NNS	" How many coins are there ? "
tr	NNS	She hated directions and instructions and had little patience for studying .
tr	NNS	The woman sank her fangs into Susan 's arm .
tr	NN	Erik had always proven a valuable resource .
tr	NNS	He drew several quick breaths as he watched her .
tr	NNS	A few wore ties .
tr	NNS	She had once again worked her skills and was feeling the stir of success .
tr	NN	" With all the babies being born , we could have a little baby circus . "
tr	NNS	" Would you perform the honors of pinning them to my dress ?
tr	NN	Outside stimuli has no effect .
tr	NNS	Maybe the wine exacerbated the drugs , if there were any drugs .
tr	NNS	The two mountains took their positions by the door and Lauren closed the door with a sharp bang .
tr	NN	Nolan had a magazine with only three bullets in it .
tr	NN	She 's wearing a white blouse along with a neat and crisp gray skirt .
tr	NN	And that scared the holy crap out of him .
tr	NNS	Hell , San Francisco banks can own houses in Pacoima , and use San Diego agents to handle selling them .
tr	NN	" Elia ... " His voice holds a quiet plea .
tr	NNS	We only made it a few yards when I stumbled .
tr	NN	I never knew anybody that had dreams .
tr	NN	Blank walls , floor , and ceiling painted the same uniform matte white ; smooth , cool surfaces , unbroken save for lights in the ceiling .
tr	NN	I saw a slight gesture of her hand , and then suddenly , the teal silk dress turned yellow .
tr	NNS	Alexia gestured delicately at her midsection .
tr	NN	" You had a trial ? "
tr	NN	People called up the fire department saying that there must be an uncontrolled fire at the garbage lot .
tr	NNS	Her building had two apartments on the first floor , two on the second , and hers was on the second .
tr	NN	I turned the rusty doorknob and pushed against the door , but it was bolted shut .
tr	NNS	" No , thanks , I feel nauseous . "
tr	NNS	" I also bought some wonderful meals and entertainment .
tr	NNS	She held out two carrot chunks .
tr	NNS	" He carried both the canoes for us .
tr	NN	He pulled a pen from his pocket .
tr	NN	" I know , " Cheyenne said excitedly as a thought came to her , " Mags loves the theater .
tr	NNS	He 'd imagined a dozen macabre scenarios during the minute his calls had met with silence .
tr	NN	But then I saw the tag on the dog 's collar moving , and I realized he was shaking . "
tr	NN	The fresh paint had new meaning given Anna 's revelation .
tr	NNS	I 've had a good few beatings in my time from them .
tr	NNS	I run errands , make coffee , file paperwork .
tr	NN	He began a deep , slow massage of her calf and the sole of her foot .
tr	NN	If you have any questions regarding the story , please email me and I will respond within a few days .
tr	NN	Just before sunrise , he heard her groan from the second bedroom .
tr	NNS	Linden held two fingers centimeters apart to emphasize his point .
tr	NN	Sunny did not like the finality of that last statement .
tr	NN	They have a cart ... ' She turned to Gwyn and spoke a few words in Welsh .
tr	NNS	We followed the directions I 'd gotten from Google Maps .
tr	NN	Beat the crap out of him ? "
tr	NN	Ahead , she spots a cluster of men .
tr	NN	As a testament to just how weak she truly was Shay didn 't even attempt an argument .
tr	NN	And I let out a whoop .
tr	NNS	I slid the diced peppers into the bowl with the back of the knife and started on the onions .
tr	NN	And I heard the clunk of the door again .
tr	NNS	Eric would have more love bites for his family to tease him about , not that he minded .
tr	NNS	Her eyes narrowed dangerously , but Wesley 's pleading look assuaged her .
tr	NN	" Whipped cream and all , which is not limited to use on the pancakes .
tr	NN	Stepping up onto the sidewalk , Ted shrugged off his backpack and paused to fish his flashlight out of it .
tr	NN	" If we do not tell them , we will be breaking the Law .
tr	NN	He also noted a tinier star on the cavern floor .
tr	NNS	Jax is keeping tabs on what I 'll owe him in a couple of years , I assure you .
tr	NN	He was sleeping off a hangover in the other room , but he was right .
tr	NNS	The boat had twin Gardner diesel engines , and auxiliary generator .
tr	NN	We 're delivering freight for the Empire ? "
tr	NN	Still , Matt hired a Macon lawyer to get the old gal stopped and that was that . "
tr	NNS	More straps held the two plates as one from the armpit to the waist .
tr	NNS	Take a few deep breaths . "
tr	NN	My light skirt caught the gentle breeze off the ocean and fluttered slightly , threatening to expose me , but I followed him willingly .
tr	NNS	These guys were missing fifty million dollars , but they couldn 't even say from where ?
tr	NNS	" You can create new runes , right ?
tr	NNS	" You guys create pretend meetings so you can just hang out ? "
tr	NNS	Emily peeled off her goggles and cap , her muscles throbbing and her heart still thudding hard .
tr	NNS	Shows he has inherited my gentlemanly instincts . ' '
tr	NNS	They chased new inventions that became a rapid occurrence with the intense competition of intellectually modified individuals .
tr	NNS	She moved her fingernails back and forth in a raking motion then smiled widely .
tr	NN	Everyone needs electricity ! "
tr	NN	Leona shook her head delicately .
tr	NN	She always wore unique jewelry and bohemian outfits that made her look cultured and approachable .
tr	NN	" You witnessed the execution ?
tr	NN	It gives the impression of being more serious than the festive Moldavia .
tr	NNS	Assuming we can establish satellite access up there without any issues , I can get our basic systems limping along in a few hours .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , I 'd say his ribs are hurting ... now . "
tr	NNS	He pulled back the covers and gently laid me down and settled next to me .
tr	NNS	Dillon noticed a couple dozen workers in the distance and suspected that they were pulling weeds and hoeing .
tr	NNS	You have minor burns over chest and neck , and I think scorched lungs .
tr	NNS	Pam followed Matthews 's directions and headed towards the Hog operation .
tr	NNS	Cat 's gaze skips between the two men .
tr	NNS	The street lights outside illuminate the sidewalks .
tr	NN	My quest , my own sorrow ... .
tr	NN	He had pushed his proposal through by exaggerating some facts , suppressing others ... and even making some up out of whole cloth .
tr	NN	" Stop saying underwater excavation equipment or I 'm going to throw up . "
tr	NNS	He watched the martial arts students intently , while crawling slowly past , hoping that they would not look in his direction .
tr	NNS	At no less than 20 feet , Julio felt the gusts of air generated by its mighty wings .
tr	NNS	Mom 's always liked the rides .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples and tried to concentrate .
tr	NN	After turning the volume low , James played the video .
tr	NNS	He was grabbing stunt gigs where he could .
tr	NN	I swallow and grab a paper napkin out of the dispenser on the table .
tr	NNS	' I hate hospitals ! '
tr	NNS	After their breakfast the boss accompanied the sisters to the swimming pool .
tr	NNS	Palm trees swayed slowly in the breeze and the frangipani tree dropped pink and yellow blossoms in the deep end of the pool .
tr	NN	Ford steps off the rubber and starts rubbing his shoulder .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my temples because I was pretty certain my brain was suffocating from lack of oxygen and misfiring of synapses .
tr	NNS	From the looks of it , they run the facilities at nearly perfect efficiency . "
tr	NNS	He took a few deep breaths to calm his own temper , closed his eyes , and descended to the Black .
tr	NN	But he is giving her an ultimate sign of trust by showing her the camp , she can at least return the favor .
tr	NNS	Pandora had a few tricks in its silicon chips that might be useful here .
tr	NN	Maria ripped the fire extinguisher from the wall and fumbled with the safety pin while her husband slowly burned to death .
tr	NNS	She did have her priorities .
tr	NN	He raised his rifle with shaking hands and aimed it at the soldier -- he hoped he was aiming it at the soldier .
tr	NN	He palmed a dagger with his other hand , but the metal did no damage , whisking through and causing the creatures to laugh more heartily .
tr	NN	He met her moan with his own and floated slowly back to earth .
tr	NNS	I 'll pay you ten thousand a month , plus benefits . "
tr	NNS	He eased the coolness with the hot pressure of his chest .
tr	NNS	I had found stacks of blood in large freezers in the basement .
tr	NNS	Man , you sure hurled your carcass up there .
tr	NNS	They wore the uniforms of the city guard .
tr	NN	A man with his hands in the pockets of a faded windbreaker exited the diner and made eye contact with John .
tr	NNS	' They 've cut the cables .
tr	NNS	They rarely use the bodyguards that they need .
tr	NNS	But I heard dogs ... or wolves .
tr	NNS	" Just leave your sandals here .
tr	NN	Marie nods and takes a mouthful of cereal .
tr	NN	We 'd have no drummer and no income from the rest of the tour .
tr	NNS	" I had two chances to shoot you in Dakota .
tr	NN	She wore an ungainly leather coat , polished slick with wear .
tr	NNS	She could hear the distant " pops " interspersed with louder " booms " .
tr	NN	Amid curling smoke my heel struck a platter of figs , sending them flying -- the plate clattering loudly into our new water jar sitting beside it .
tr	NNS	" You made reports , right ?
tr	NN	Do you play tennis for the pleasure of it , or do you play to win ? '
tr	NN	Or , barring that , rewind the clock so that she could have seen coming some of the crap that had been heaped on her .
tr	NNS	Kate gripped the wineglass so tightly he worried it would shatter within her grip .
tr	NN	He only grunted his acknowledgment , probably thinking that the child was the product of a recent indiscretion .
tr	NNS	As is , she barely gets two bites before the smell attracts a fellow transient .
tr	NN	He actually wore the outfit Kennedy picked out , his jeans cupping his ass and thighs in all the right spots .
tr	NN	We 'll get a conviction . "
tr	NNS	And those yellowed stains .
tr	NNS	I shade my eyelashes , exhaling in fury and fear .
tr	NN	I caught a quick glimpse of a man I didn 't recognize .
tr	NN	She had no option but to follow him .
tr	NN	" You don 't need this painting any longer , Caitlin . "
tr	NN	I broke the code .
tr	NNS	Telling her about my session with the counsellor certainly greased the wheels in that respect .
tr	NN	Last night I saved a toaster that we got as a wedding present from a diabolically placed Lego .
tr	NNS	I picked up a few canisters of salt at the grocery store .
tr	NN	But I have already located your assistant .
tr	NN	Nate ordered a rack of ribs with coleslaw and a little corn on the cob .
tr	NNS	" No , but I know the lyrics to this song . "
tr	NNS	" Here , " she whispered , " do you see the birds under that bush ? "
tr	NN	Bodies littered the asphalt of the roadway , and the stench of decomposition caused several of the small group to gag .
tr	NNS	" I 've heard tales of the devastation .
tr	NNS	Bren pulled the reins of his horse and trotted back toward her .
tr	NNS	I feel the little hairs on my arms and the back of my neck standing up .
tr	NNS	His eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	NN	We will be approaching a branch in the artery soon and I am going to move over to one side . "
tr	NNS	The single , Only When it 's Saturday features electric guitars and drums . '
tr	NNS	He was also organizing the Brethren in the line , as if order was important .
tr	NNS	The spider nipped at me once again , its fangs closing around my torso and squeezing .
tr	NNS	Folks in Last Chance just wanted happy endings .
tr	NNS	Night time partygoers had their attentions quickly diverted , but I realized soon enough that few were looking at us .
tr	NN	" OH , Jesus , " Bill felt a sudden urge to throw up , but he forced it back .
tr	NN	When a cell block fires , that sets up an impulse .
tr	NNS	I could see the conflicting desires in her eyes as she weighed her options .
tr	NN	I give her fingers a squeeze .
tr	NN	She picked up a small tooth , it was the first tooth , her eldest son had lost as a child .
tr	NN	From in the camp , a large man from Nova 's group heaved a clump of chains on the ground in front of Ash .
tr	NNS	So I called all the hotels and motels in Prescott .
tr	NNS	All in all , I hate hospitals .
tr	NN	" We 'll get the treasure out , and then I 'll go and take care of him myself .
tr	NN	The retro piece confused Wald 's modern hairstyle and clothes .
tr	NNS	Like your people copy foreign cameras and things . '
tr	NNS	She gave him directions but she had the feeling that he already knew where he was going .
tr	NN	In essence , someone on the other end had gotten a warrant already .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her pounding temples .
tr	NN	Caleb drew a small dagger from his belt and charged towards us .
tr	NN	The wind makes the hem of my dress flutter around my ankles .
tr	NN	Linda followed the cheering giving him with the rest of the club what he 'd asked for .
tr	NNS	As a gifted speaker he wound up the masses to his cause and made them believe his problems were theirs .
tr	NN	Did you hear the rumor about the Glass City boys ? "
tr	NNS	' Did they eat pencils ?
tr	NNS	' We bring students here and hope they catch wisdom off us , don 't we ? '
tr	NNS	' What , no more questions or should I say no more fairy tales ? '
tr	NN	" Today , most Mormons believe a more allegorical version of that part of our scripture .
tr	NNS	I mean the batteries . "
tr	NNS	" Aston and Ridley have families .
tr	NN	" Why are you wearing a hospital gown ? "
tr	NN	" That leaves a wide range of possibilities , honey . "
tr	NNS	You could assuage their fears if you simply told us the truth , and we could let you out of this awful place .
tr	NNS	Of course , they hadn 't exchanged phone numbers , but that was a part of her disappointment .
tr	NNS	By instinct , my eyes sought out the other members of that spin the bottle game .
tr	NNS	I know all the dogs there .
tr	NNS	An organic brain , however , can store data and use it thanks to complex neurological processes that human science doesn 't yet fully understand . "
tr	NNS	When it came to medicine , Donovan did not see patients ; he saw dollars .
tr	NNS	I 'm riding your currents , but I think I can control the rhythm and pattern of the lamp 's energy .
tr	NN	Logan let out a low , animalistic growl , but kept his lips clamped shut .
tr	NN	A smile that said he had taught the young pup a lesson .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take five dozen roses . "
tr	NNS	The trunk of the Dead Tree reached the clouds , possibly the stars .
tr	NN	Once , long ago , I had made an oath to uphold the law and bring such fugitives to justice .
tr	NN	That notification just increased the traffic .
tr	NN	He threw the bat behind the counter , nearly hitting the man with it , and grabbed the cash .
tr	NNS	Surely you understand the benefits of having a weapon like this on our side . "
tr	NN	Will suppressed a groan .
tr	NNS	Maybe even learn a few defensive spells .
tr	NNS	Ice redoubled his efforts to get up the hill .
tr	NN	" No matter the cost ? "
tr	NN	Best you can do is kill the poor bugger . "
tr	NN	" How much do you trust this informant ? "
tr	NN	" I need a blender ? "
tr	NN	I release the napkin and turn my head toward the stage .
tr	NN	She stomped down the main staircase that led to the entrance hall .
tr	NN	I glanced down the hill I was on at a band of fur clad men approaching me .
tr	NN	Biting down onto her hard bud , he stroked her cl * t loving each cry and whimper that escaped her lips .
tr	NNS	Throughout high school , he had developed his talents for speech on the debate team .
tr	NN	However , she felt a cool breeze from the far side of the room and slowly walked to the back hall .
tr	NN	He held a bouquet of red roses .
tr	NNS	I could practically see the wheels inside his head turning .
tr	NNS	He snapped off several more shots , though I only heard the last few , as the silencer started to give out .
tr	NNS	Janet had stopped her movements .
tr	NN	" Everything changed overnight " " And it 's about to change again .
tr	NNS	The dark forces were draining witches of their essences , stealing their strength before they gained their immortality .
tr	NNS	He gave them a thumbs up .
tr	NNS	The ladder bared her breasts , the fabric barely covering her nipples .
tr	NNS	Those shelves also held examples of pottery , held copies of songs as well as a flute and drum .
tr	NNS	It will quickly regrow bone and blood vessels and close off the wound with new skin .
tr	NN	The hoarseness of his voice betrayed his terror .
tr	NNS	It gave her the creeps .
tr	NN	The porthole had a narrow , steep staircase with a low ceiling .
tr	NN	He pondered the grave responsibility the possession of the sword had bestowed on him .
tr	NNS	I will greet these heroes when the time comes , and it will not be in this shell of a body .
tr	NN	Four more people could suffer this fate .
tr	NNS	" Two inches of it . "
tr	NN	It was transmitting a Tren recognition code so no hope for help there either .
tr	NNS	I kept my lovers at a distance for good reason .
tr	NNS	Eddie and Emmy were deemed my legal guardians , leaving it up to them to decide which tests were too extreme to perform on a kid .
tr	NN	They have some special protected status or some nonsense .
tr	NN	I swallowed the giant knot of guilt in my throat .
tr	NNS	He pressed his palms together , flattening his hands , and slipped them between her thighs , pushing them apart .
tr	NNS	The other attendees all got better treatment and nicer suites .
tr	NN	" He broke his oath to me .
tr	NNS	" Did you bring condoms ? "
tr	NNS	" Gita , will you take your fingernails out of my arm .
tr	NNS	If he 's a total gentleman or a klutz , you adapt your thought processes for a successful night .
tr	NN	With that he gave my arm a squeeze and smiled warmly .
tr	NNS	We 're all fucking nauseous .
tr	NNS	God , this place gave her the creeps .
tr	NNS	The shelves had some neatly folded rags , a couple quarts of unopened motor oil , and coiled extension cords .
tr	NN	The musketeer unlocked the cage .
tr	NN	Your bra doesn 't do you justice , but it doesn 't matter . "
tr	NNS	The man didn 't drink or take drugs , and the accident had occurred in broad daylight .
tr	NN	Right from the beginning , his kisses had made her dizzy with delight .
tr	NN	His adversary ignored the rifle on the carpet and beat a retreat toward the stairway door .
tr	NN	Mr. Badass didn 't need anybody to go with him , oh no .
tr	NN	Recalling that hardened her resolve .
tr	NN	It doesn 't even recognize hydrogen , but it knows how to yank oxygen out of the air .
tr	NNS	He has bodyguards , attendants , he travels in a little motorcade , so Samuel tells me .
tr	NNS	Still , she felt those ten pairs of eyes tracking her , cold and dispassionate , icy in their regard .
tr	NN	I picked up a menu and began leafing through it , hoping to spot something lighter than the usual grease plates that were hard to hold down .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't use my powers .
tr	NN	And through his art , Steve could produce such a painting that might be grotesque enough to be used as Halloween art .
tr	NNS	Jess , was in there putting together trays with snacks , and Gabrielle and Beth were laughing about something together .
tr	NNS	I cautiously opened the drapes , but it was pitch black outside , and I could see nothing , not even street lights .
tr	NN	Take away that code of honor and he would be a monster .
tr	NNS	On the cover , you 'll see two stacks of brightly colored macarons .
tr	NNS	He slowly flipped the pages , looking blankly at the Xs and Os .
tr	NNS	By this precise construction , we obtain the two dimensions which define a Plane -- the one you 're sitting on .
tr	NNS	They ended two floors below , where they opened onto a passage that gradually widened out .
tr	NNS	People 's wits seem to slip a bit when they aspire to divinity , and , believe me , I need all my wits about me .
tr	NNS	Present your foolish attempts at supplying me with a motive .
tr	NN	I sent you one last email , opened my bedroom window and threw the computer and monitor on the lawn .
tr	NNS	In days of old in Europe , shape-shifters , including Werewolves , had been considered witches .
tr	NNS	There came a hiss of breath from behind his right ear .
tr	NN	He left his palm resting there .
tr	NN	A woman needs her privacy and a bunch of perverts are watching her every move .
tr	NN	Altair felt his jaw clench .
tr	NN	He didn 't wash off all the paint but he made certain to wash off all the blood .
tr	NN	While John fretted against his close confinement , Mark had an argument with his wife .
tr	NNS	Smiling to herself , she spun her daggers by her sides , creating a nice breeze -- and a nice threatening effect .
tr	NN	My power is out there causing harm , just like my power helped my father take control of the five kingdoms . "
tr	NNS	Chapter 10 Deadly Handshake Echo drew her daggers as quietly as she could and turned slowly in a circle , the weapons extended in front of her .
tr	NN	He pulled his hard cock out and stroked his shaft .
tr	NNS	An hour later , Daemon handed the reins to Andrew and entered the house by a back door .
tr	NNS	" I had Chess already , Myth ! "
tr	NN	Boy 412 recognized the terror on her face .
tr	NN	The Crow tapped the pen on the counter and held it up again .
tr	NN	She closed the lid casually , as if it were a life-size guitar case .
tr	NNS	" To solve two killings , of course . "
tr	NN	He set his fork down .
tr	NNS	Mr. Lockwood has supplies inside . "
tr	NN	" You know the president and him are like this .
tr	NNS	She saw some scratches in the area of her stomach and some already healed cuts on her arm .
tr	NN	He contacts his attorney about you .
tr	NN	" Richie plays football , his sister OD 'd . "
tr	NN	" Ice cream birthday cake . "
tr	NN	If necessary he will literally grab the probe with his hands and drag it to the docking port . "
tr	NN	He pulled the damaged doorknob off , and pushed the door open .
tr	NNS	He took down two bowls and carefully split the treat , provided the spoons , poured milk , and they both munched on their snack .
tr	NNS	No wonder the girl has nightmares .
tr	NN	A shiver runs down my spine .
tr	NN	" He calls her Sin . "
tr	NNS	They threw balls and tackled whoever caught them .
tr	NN	With one lightning fast , sweeping motion , Sebastian guided his wing around the semi-circle of bodies .
tr	NNS	He pressed a few numbers on the lock and then opened the door .
tr	NNS	They eat fleas . "
tr	NN	" Well ... you know ... heroic deeds ... " " And they are ... ? "
tr	NN	He pulled a condom out of his pocket , tossed it on the bed , then stripped off his jeans and squeezed his aching shaft .
tr	NNS	Aaron Parker , aka Fang , raised serious moral issues with me , moral issues that I often struggled with .
tr	NN	He 'd gotten a scholarship in Bolivia to go to university in Iran , and been recruited into the Prism there .
tr	NN	A concubine will lose her or his reputation by attending Feasts after they 've been released .
tr	NNS	You lot sure do have strange hospitality customs . "
tr	NN	Marie with her team had set up a workstation to deal with any injuries .
tr	NN	She is owed a great debt and ' t is my intention to make sure she never wants for anything in her life . "
tr	NN	They feared a violent retribution later if they didn 't .
tr	NNS	We each made assumptions without talking it through .
tr	NN	You must use your imagination if you wish to be included in their number . "
tr	NNS	Not beyond the care he offered his other patients .
tr	NNS	Adam was not taking any chances with this either .
tr	NNS	In the distance he could see the bank buildings of Georgetown .
tr	NN	The kitchen has an old stove , but there 's an empty gap between cabinets where a fridge should be .
tr	NN	Most often the settlements we raid put up little resistance .
tr	NNS	We cannot have outsiders questioning who Gwen is .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't hide habitual mannerisms from me , even on the phone .
tr	NNS	If Duke had gotten the Containment Committee involved in all this , I wanted all the abilities I could get .
tr	NNS	They couldn 't allow the babies to suffer any longer than necessary .
tr	NNS	Can you light these candles ? "
tr	NN	The reverend finishes his prayer and the casket lowers into the ground .
tr	NNS	" We all have our burdens to bear . "
tr	NNS	Vampires don 't like victims who might be aroused unexpectedly at odd hours , as you recall . "
tr	NNS	He already has millions .
tr	NNS	With current capacity , it could get off twenty shots before draining the pack .
tr	NN	You dreamt up this outrage ? "
tr	NNS	She 'd been having contractions for days and she 'd said nothing ?
tr	NNS	He trusted Kaitlyn 's instincts , her loyalty to the coven .
tr	NNS	She has no doubts over Shiv 's words that she is brilliant .
tr	NN	She loved cake with plums and cherries .
tr	NNS	I will tolerate no excuses . "
tr	NNS	I recognized pepperoni ; the rest of it was a hearty , delicious mystery .
tr	NNS	We can take the buildings quietly and surprise them .
tr	NN	She took extra caution to show as little skin as possible while she changed .
tr	NNS	Before you came around I actually thought about all sorts of boring stuff .
tr	NN	They gobbled up my plea and worked themselves into a frenzy as they snapped pictures left and right .
tr	NN	" I was taking a bath .
tr	NNS	Our little group possesses skills she can 't imagine .
tr	NNS	In an instant he saw them again , three distinct forms as clear as the fire that burned behind him .
tr	NN	Therefore , I shall strike a bargain with you . "
tr	NN	If I hadn 't been vampire , he might have crushed a rib or two .
tr	NNS	Lexi threw back the covers and started to get out of bed .
tr	NN	He would kill anybody . "
tr	NN	While she was in these memories , she didn 't have the option to watch from a distance .
tr	NNS	In a giant , empty , decaying building which had once housed thousands , a single TV set hawked its wares to an uninhabited room .
tr	NN	" But since I came to town , I 've got the distinct impression he 's not going to be what I expected . "
tr	NNS	Quiet little expectations that required careful tending .
tr	NNS	He was putting steaks in a marinade .
tr	NN	All the time he resisted the urge to nibble his prize .
tr	NN	The sun also triggers an unbearable fatigue many of them find painful to ignore .
tr	NN	She saw many fish but they were all too far away from her to catch !
tr	NNS	They are shutting down sectors to prevent a total collapse !
tr	NNS	She and Susan had run many scenarios so she knew what was needed .
tr	NN	" Every clock . "
tr	NN	Maybe he didn 't like his dates fainting on him or something , which brought me back to reality .
tr	NN	We should at least secure the hill before you go so that no one sneaks up while you 're gone and I 'm dead . "
tr	NN	Like picking lint off the boy 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	It gives you the passwords and access codes for everything in there . "
tr	NNS	He rocked back a few inches but recovered quickly and returned to his previous position .
tr	NNS	" You might win great treasures .
tr	NN	She treasured Lotte 's affection .
tr	NNS	The high Council members have houses on this street .
tr	NN	When it had come time for Jolene and Michael to purchase a home in which to raise their own family , she had never questioned the location .
tr	NN	His lips travel down my jawline , my throat , my shoulder .
tr	NNS	Her full mound filled his palms .
tr	NN	" You don 't need a battery .
tr	NNS	" You 'll have babies and not puppies .
tr	NNS	Her mind was playing tricks on her .
tr	NNS	I took slow and steady breaths until I felt my body relax a bit , and then I took a huge drink of my beer .
tr	NN	I stroke the braid I 've tucked into my vest .
tr	NN	Aunt Zelda dipped a sponge into a bucket of warm water and gently bathed him .
tr	NN	" I 'll find a candle . "
tr	NNS	He dumped his ice skates in the cupboard under the stairs and headed up to his room .
tr	NNS	He remembered the poll numbers for Governor Bell that consistently hovered around 30 % .
tr	NNS	Aching move by aching move , he toed his skates and pulled up to standing .
tr	NNS	I flipped through a few more pages , going almost a year ahead .
tr	NNS	" We haven 't had any deliveries in ages .
tr	NN	The most insane could take a full mud bath .
tr	NN	It did not send its venom .
tr	NN	He then reluctantly takes out a vial and draws the drug into a syringe .
tr	NN	Before I could say no again , he was giving his driver our exact location as the first drops hit my head .
tr	NNS	Despite the current circumstances , my heart skipped a few beats .
tr	NNS	We 'd picked up sandwiches , and were curled up on Jake 's couch after finishing dinner .
tr	NN	" Now just how do you have the code ? "
tr	NNS	" Bigger things than the divisive prophecy saying my son will lead their armies into conquering this world ? "
tr	NNS	I put the labels back .
tr	NNS	I send a few texts to my mom , Becca and Grandma .
tr	NNS	" Feel the seeds ? "
tr	NN	More zombies were trudging up the hill , enticed by Abraham 's struggle to survive .
tr	NN	My aunt did fortune telling here for a long time .
tr	NNS	I jog the 200 yards and come to a stop in front of the warehouse , my fear a living thing inside me .
tr	NNS	One might draw some interesting conclusions . "
tr	NN	He nodded , his gaze intent upon my face .
tr	NNS	" We put the domes here for several reasons .
tr	NN	They wouldn 't remember their encounter with him .
tr	NN	She blew a small bubble with the gum , popping it .
tr	NN	Alert but relaxed , she watches the sculpture where Reggie stands under the gushing water .
tr	NN	I felt your grief for me , your pain and loss even through the distance separating us .
tr	NNS	My eyes quickly assessed the racks of designer heels and fell on a pair of six inch hot pink stilettos .
tr	NNS	The card deck in hand , he began flipping cards onto the table one at a time .
tr	NN	I have a reputation to uphold .
tr	NNS	I would accept his conditions for a driver , and he would accept my inability to share my past with him .
tr	NN	" Or then he suspected one batch and started a new one ? "
tr	NN	Resting her elbows on her knees , she swallowed down nausea .
tr	NNS	He was flipping the pages of his computer printout .
tr	NNS	If the bullet was still in there , Beth realised , it could cause even more complications .
tr	NNS	A shaft of pure light filled her senses once more and she sighed audibly , relieved .
tr	NNS	He envied his fellow students who believed in gods that were intangible and lived a long way away on top of some mountain .
tr	NN	Uncle Jared lets out a moan like he 's in pain .
tr	NNS	Fernando along with some of his male friends and family members brought out the guitars and began to play .
tr	NN	The clockmaker gave a smal shrug .
tr	NNS	And since they 'd had no time to talk before being interrupted , he could only draw his own conclusions now .
tr	NN	As she settled herself , Schell removed his napkin and placed it over his glass , winking at Pierce .
tr	NNS	Look at the way he is watching the buildings as we pass them .
tr	NN	' Don 't forget , ' her voice rang out , ' you promised me first refusal . '
tr	NN	Dan slipped his considerable frame behind Raj and acted like the frightened boy that he was .
tr	NNS	I picked up the two items and found myself staring at something both familiar and strange .
tr	NN	I notice a wad of cash on the nightstand beside the bed and a ring that looks like a football championship ring or something .
tr	NN	But never , never pin your whole faith on any human being : not if he is the best and wisest in the whole world .
tr	NNS	This may interrupt his movements when casting spells .
tr	NN	I slid the condom over Benji 's skin and then stood , sliding my panties down until they dropped and hit the floor .
tr	NN	He might have the file buried in a stack somewhere and not even know it . "
tr	NNS	Now they 'll add the scores from open hand kata , too . "
tr	NNS	Then we will review our actions .
tr	NN	She understood the compulsion .
tr	NNS	But Keeley fired his senses like no other .
tr	NN	She picked up a beetle and dropped it into the water .
tr	NN	Since Sophia , I don 't give a fuck anymore .
tr	NNS	But her body didn 't obey those directions .
tr	NNS	" Doesn 't anyone over there do medications besides you ? "
tr	NNS	We 've got some other leads to follow up . '
tr	NNS	Through the open doors to other landings , he saw laundry facilities , kitchens , and they ended up in a wine cellar .
tr	NN	Your husband didn 't put up any resistance .
tr	NNS	Within a count of ten , Gwen 's ship lay fifteen yards off the shore and a good fifty from where they 'd entered the water .
tr	NN	She could hardly countenance it , the very idea of kil ing an immortal .
tr	NNS	He 'll be protecting his interests with every asset at his disposal . "
tr	NNS	There were masked figures riding on top of the lions , the seals , the pandas , and the unicorns .
tr	NN	She swallowed a moan .
tr	NN	The music had a hypnotic effect on Colette as she threw herself into her exercise routine .
tr	NNS	Traders rushed along hauling crates of goods .
tr	NNS	She positioned cameras at the gate to the property .
tr	NNS	Her gaze locking with his , he stilled her efforts to dry his shirt .
tr	NN	She hadn 't fully understood the true extent of William 's power .
tr	NN	But this did not affect her ferocity to any appreciable extent .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen the news reports of Tatiana Harris 's neighbor claiming to have seen your father 's truck leaving Tatiana 's house .
tr	NN	Driven conservatively , he figured a range of about seventy-five miles .
tr	NNS	I do not force my attentions on women as a rule . '
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers down until he could see my face .
tr	NN	Ten minutes later he posted his updated file , complete with an edited version of Mr. Culley 's email .
tr	NNS	Something had penetrated the deep layers of sleep to wake him from his needed slumber .
tr	NN	Ayako changed the video to show inside the Red Squadron dome .
tr	NN	Calling an attendant , I prepared a bath and readied myself for the day , whatever time it was .
tr	NNS	She immediately turned both hands palms out , pleading , and lunged forward to grab it and offer it to him .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't trust outsiders .
tr	NNS	Ben and Landon unzipped the backpacks , handing out slingshots and paintballs .
tr	NN	I was debating a hot bath when a knock sounded at the door .
tr	NNS	Mia sounded breathless as she took the box , her hand trembling .
tr	NN	Danica lifted her pen to her lips .
tr	NNS	You could almost hear the hiss as the air went out of Terrance 's big plans .
tr	NNS	Daniel kept a thousand dollars just in case something happened and he ended up stranded .
tr	NN	Turning , Jordan examined the young chaplain .
tr	NNS	" How do you explain the centuries of piety to the young ?
tr	NNS	Winkler toed bits of shell with his snakeskin boots .
tr	NN	He wasn 't even taking the pistol with him , which would give him an excuse to contact her again to return it .
tr	NN	Maureen had developed a slur , but that didn 't lessen the bite to her words .
tr	NN	Kylie 's heart did a tight squeeze .
tr	NN	" They will give you a stomach ache . "
tr	NN	I could use some advice about a special piece of jewelry for her .
tr	NNS	" Comrade Drone , " he commanded , " bring the awards ! "
tr	NN	I could feel my face heating up , so I let pieces of my hair drift down across my face .
tr	NNS	" You installed cameras into their room ? "
tr	NN	It had the quality of an orator , or of someone who knew how to affect his listeners .
tr	NN	Her niece carefully carried the pizza to the table and brought extra napkins .
tr	NN	" Likewise , " he smiled digging in to that hot food .
tr	NNS	Tom can give you the numbers .
tr	NN	I stretched a kink out of my back and rubbed my eyes .
tr	NNS	He saw the dusty trenches of the archaeological dig on which he , d worked .
tr	NNS	At the table in the middle of the cabin , Kent is examining some mechanical bits and pieces that I assume are for repairing the ship .
tr	NN	Finding a buyer and going home to save her father 's company .
tr	NN	If she had stuck me with the needle of poison it would have had the same effect as I was feeling now .
tr	NN	Ordinarily I wear a bullet-proof vest to walk to work in . "
tr	NN	He summons the bartender , and they speak quietly for a few moments .
tr	NN	They 're making so much noise , they wouldn 't notice an earthquake . "
tr	NN	" Not personally , but I know a Squire . "
tr	NNS	The senior management team occupied three floors of the building , floors 23 , 24 , and 25 .
tr	NN	Darcy considered Jim 's advice for only a few moments before picking up the phone .
tr	NNS	His handheld feeds him data he doesn 't bother sharing .
tr	NNS	As if reluctant to leave , he kissed her thighs languidly , though she could feel his hands shaking .
tr	NNS	I peeled wheels down the road , unable to control my frustration .
tr	NN	Warner is wearing a towel .
tr	NNS	Do be seated , gentlemen . '
tr	NN	She starts the software , slips into the chip .
tr	NNS	Step by step she drew nearer .
tr	NN	I 'll get the video to you in the morning .
tr	NN	She ripped a chunk off the end .
tr	NN	Maddy shot an accusing glare at Edwin .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of the price tag on the helmet he 'd selected .
tr	NN	We allowed our grief and outrage to overwhelm our better judgment .
tr	NN	He held her tensely .
tr	NNS	Boots spontaneously hugged the roaches .
tr	NNS	I felt everything spinning , and wondered if the hunger was finally getting to me .
tr	NNS	" My own stores ? "
tr	NN	The name came unbidden , but as soon as it left my mouth his head jerked around to me .
tr	NN	Get that crazed possessive gleam out of your eyes and go get her . "
tr	NNS	" Got ta be this one ... " He wiggled the handlebars .
tr	NNS	You mustn 't take any chances . "
tr	NN	After nervously slamming my door shut , I began pacing the bedroom as if my life depended on wearing a path into the carpet .
tr	NNS	He 's already got pamphlets in his room for some fancy music school out there . "
tr	NNS	She watched the dark houses and tried to imagine the lives of the people inside , but such an existence was foreign to her .
tr	NN	Kylie grabbed another handful of grass and yanked it from the ground .
tr	NN	" We have the package .
tr	NNS	Books lined the shelves along one wall .
tr	NNS	He mingled all sorts of learning ; and in that he was like our Arabic writers in the golden time .
tr	NN	Before me stands a huge cavern .
tr	NNS	Some want scientists to find fixes for local agricultural and medical problems .
tr	NNS	I learned several new measures of a Mozart sonata on the pianoforte today .
tr	NNS	And we dug tunnels . "
tr	NN	I turned the knob and opened the door .
tr	NN	I could almost smell her beaming with pride .
tr	NNS	He had the highest prices in the world so if you shopped there you could one-up anyone when it came to stationery .
tr	NN	Robert gave a doggy moan and sank into the fluffy goose down comforter .
tr	NN	I poked a cherry around .
tr	NN	Tom got the branch in his teeth for that , and lost one of the front ones .
tr	NN	asked the newsstand clerk , " or are you just going to read them all for free ? "
tr	NN	I cut a big chunk off the tree , dragged it to the side of the driveway , and tumbled it over the - edge .
tr	NNS	" You read palms ? "
tr	NNS	You also summoned your allies and let your enemies know you are in need of aid .
tr	NNS	Instead , she 'd acknowledged her worst fears .
tr	NN	We shall solve this puzzle together .
tr	NN	What department is that ? "
tr	NNS	Cheyenne curved her fingernails into her palms .
tr	NN	" No beggars are allowed here , " I heard somebody shout .
tr	NNS	Oscar replayed the closing arguments and the high tension of waiting for the verdict .
tr	NNS	" Dad paid Mr. Presley five thousand dollars to move Jake out of Colville . "
tr	NN	The farther I descend into the crowd the hotter it gets .
tr	NNS	And I don 't even have the balls to see him . "
tr	NN	I could not possibly sign Samantha 's release . "
tr	NN	" They got a basket of food up in the Power room . "
tr	NN	She shoved the first boot to the floor .
tr	NN	She wore a short red layered dress -- Roaring Twenties style .
tr	NN	He stopped the cart and looked down at her .
tr	NN	To her right , serving tables held platter upon platter of foods being attended by scurrying serving men in white .
tr	NN	All wound up and no release .
tr	NNS	" As you know , " the man said , " SFF member companies have spent millions trying to open the frontier of space to private citizens .
tr	NN	Such savagery had no precedent in history .
tr	NNS	It must also include all five senses .
tr	NNS	Desire flooded his senses .
tr	NN	" Jax , when no one else is around why don 't we drop the sir crap .
tr	NN	She unwrapped the towel , her hair unfurling down her back .
tr	NNS	As tough as it was to admit , Zoe had raised many good points , the most important of which was that he needed her .
tr	NN	" Once we have all of our strategic points set up , we 'll be making the official announcement .
tr	NNS	I collect the data and send it off to scientists on my home planet . "
tr	NN	Like water thundering over a waterfall , Gabriel found his fury in a similar collision course downward .
tr	NN	I inadvertently saw a document that Dryden had written to his superiors which laid out , in graphic detail , exactly what they intended to do . '
tr	NN	He owns a priceless painting . '
tr	NN	Now he drove a Cadillac .
tr	NN	You can 't just introduce electricity into the body .
tr	NN	She takes much joy in Caroline , but everything seems an effort for her these days .
tr	NNS	He didn 't miss the wariness in her tone .
tr	NN	" How could you , when I didn 't have much faith in myself ? "
tr	NNS	He left the mechanics to their work and leaned on the aft staircase , blocking her progress .
tr	NNS	Closing his eyes , he rubbed his temples with his fingertips .
tr	NNS	He pulled the reins of his horse to stop and turn around .
tr	NNS	An uncomfortable oddness suddenly permeated their surroundings , flooding Michael with fear .
tr	NN	" He will make a nice addition to my trophy room .
tr	NN	I didn 't want his pity or anyone else 's either .
tr	NNS	" I 've got a few little surprises of my own if they set foot on my property . "
tr	NN	I pull her tiny , rigid frame into my lap so I can hold her tight .
tr	NNS	Mateo had enough burdens to bear ; did he have to deal with this , too ?
tr	NN	She read the acquiescence on my face .
tr	NNS	I go centuries without having to deal with guests , and now you decide to visit me twice in a year ?
tr	NN	But then he added a strange afterthought .
tr	NNS	They got many enquiries but as yet no definite bookings .
tr	NNS	Auron asked the dragon gods .
tr	NN	" I will give you another task , boy .
tr	NN	" Haven 't seen any traffic in ages .
tr	NNS	Zeph stares in amazement .
tr	NNS	The Hunters had never battled gargoyles .
tr	NN	" Yeah , I noticed the resemblance .
tr	NNS	For ten dollars the ministry gave you rights to a few acres of bush outside town .
tr	NNS	You 're bringing really harsh vibes to my party . "
tr	NNS	They 're playing with us , Jenny realized dimly .
tr	NNS	We have patients who , although they have experienced loss imposed from our surreal world , we do not confirm or fuel any of their suspicions . "
tr	NN	Did he long to make her moan while I longed for his touch ?
tr	NN	Gray 's limbs grew leaden at the sight .
tr	NN	He wanted complete solitude with this woman , no interruptions .
tr	NN	" You 've got an attitude , lady . "
tr	NN	I had not heard any further gunfire , so I was hoping the others were successful in their assault .
tr	NN	He even has that engaging dimple in his strong chin .
tr	NNS	After applying for dozens of jobs during his final semester , Lucas had several interviews , and a few second interviews .
tr	NNS	The heady fragrance of jasmine filled his senses .
tr	NNS	It left her breathless .
tr	NNS	Leaning down , she stroked the cats .
tr	NN	Pace finally tossed the lawsuit on the dresser and sat down to eat .
tr	NN	" Now stick the needle in ! "
tr	NNS	Daniel gave his Dad the thumbs up , something he always did to assure his father that his baby sister was okay .
tr	NN	In spite of her panic , something about the ghost struck that chord of familiarity again .
tr	NN	You can 't use my uncle to get me to come back . "
tr	NN	We can 't even order a pizza without being at each other 's throats . "
tr	NN	Shivers went down my spine .
tr	NN	The officer drove the cart across the quad area to the Discipline Office .
tr	NNS	Desmond got dizzy from peering down below between his kicking feet into the dark abyss .
tr	NNS	Many of them didn 't get their spears down in time .
tr	NNS	A second foot hit the mattress .
tr	NN	She raised the dagger , and a scream ripped through me and echoed through the palace .
tr	NNS	As they went through the biography Andy opened related pages about Archie 's crash , the recovery of his body and the inquest into his death .
tr	NNS	" I 'd been turning tricks since I was fifteen , after I left home . "
tr	NN	He let out a snicker that was deep and condescending .
tr	NNS	To top it all off , she was having serious doubts that his relationship with Savannah had been a one-time thing .
tr	NN	" Bessie , " the girl murmured hesitantly , then in a stronger voice , " Are ye Yer not workin ' fer her are ye ?
tr	NN	Just thinking about leaving a place he 'd called home for many years gave him a little lump in his throat .
tr	NNS	Some clown 's ripped off our wheels ! "
tr	NN	Kara had a collection of jewelry that could probably rival the Crown Jewels .
tr	NN	Her face was flawless , her skin as pure as the world 's most painstakingly made porcelain .
tr	NN	Painter gripped the pistol and studied the screen .
tr	NN	Maybe the dictator -- Faxon -- had sent an assassin because he didn 't want any survivors of the Royal family ?
tr	NNS	Honestly , you 've been learning exceptionally quickly .
tr	NN	I have blended humor into the essays , in part so that people won 't take them too seriously .
tr	NNS	He massages his temples .
tr	NNS	Collision with another ship would create unnecessary complications and William had been quite clear that he would not tolerate that .
tr	NNS	Further round the stadium sat the free citizens of Rome and then the poor and foreign visitors who had come to watch the spectacle .
tr	NNS	" Then I shall do the honors .
tr	NNS	" In the spring of ' 73 , Carlo offered Ivan Volkov thirty thousand dollars to take out Salvatore 's brother-in-law .
tr	NNS	C 'n do my numbers , too .
tr	NNS	Merl held his hands palms up .
tr	NNS	She was also wearing night-vision goggles .
tr	NNS	Package up the artifacts and get everyone out .
tr	NN	I closed my eyes , pain ripping through me .
tr	NNS	Sienna pulled the covers over her head as I tapped her shoulder and softly called her name to wake her .
tr	NN	Let 's leave the player to play . "
tr	NN	When Cat was twelve weeks along , we visited the medical clinic for the ultrasound .
tr	NN	He shoved aside the pillow and blanket and stood , stretching .
tr	NN	Taylor needs better protection than that . "
tr	NNS	The material soaked up the remains of his blood from the vicious wounds and the many stripes across his back .
tr	NNS	Clover was juggling knives .
tr	NNS	By the seventh night , I didn 't have any nightmares .
tr	NN	The sun was starting its descent towards the end of another day - another indistinguishable event in spacetime was passing .
tr	NN	He sees the realization in my face and nods , shortly .
tr	NNS	He held the compass in a skilled way , twisting the map around till it angled the way he wanted .
tr	NNS	" You 're going to take all day , you can wash your own dishes . "
tr	NN	With a big gesture for everyone to see she paused the lesson in progress from her teacher 's terminal .
tr	NN	She 'd learned that lesson at a very early age .
tr	NNS	The thought gave him butterflies in the pit of his stomach .
tr	NNS	I could feel my breaths growing even heavier now from the intense moment we had just shared .
tr	NNS	" She likes dogs , too .
tr	NNS	Dahlia took over the reins and held up Gracie 's good hand .
tr	NN	Savannah , touching his mind , felt his affection for the other man .
tr	NN	A bullet ricocheted off the trunk of a tree near Juanita 's head !
tr	NNS	He sought the deeper currents of history to address the problems of Flattery and hunger .
tr	NN	Yoshimura made a helpless gesture at Falconer and Leclerc .
tr	NNS	" He 's adding some more sensors .
tr	NN	Hearing her name had a strange effect on me .
tr	NN	" Victoria , " came a shrill voice laced with barely concealed excitement , " may I make an introduction ? "
tr	NNS	Liz paced the confines of the tent .
tr	NN	Growing up , I 'd seen psychologist after psychologist trying to figure out " what was wrong with me " .
tr	NNS	We 're sitting ducks out here .
tr	NNS	" I 've given you far more chances than you deserve . "
tr	NNS	She toppled over the handlebars and continued her high-speed descent in the form of somersaults .
tr	NNS	He had murdered Orpheus .
tr	NN	He watched Jones 's face morph into something more dangerous than hate .
tr	NN	Although , " Mia clarified , " I 'm afraid my guide duties won 't include diaper duty . "
tr	NNS	He slid his palms over my back and pulled me close .
tr	NN	" Guard that Gate . "
tr	NNS	She fights back the scales trying to force their way forward -- armor that responds to a perceived threat .
tr	NN	" I earned a PhD in education , but no one calls me doctor .
tr	NN	Grace admired his willpower .
tr	NNS	Already over a dozen arrests had been quietly made , all prior members of Sunny 's community .
tr	NNS	She scanned the booths hoping to find one of Dante 's brothers .
tr	NN	He has no true claim to the throne . "
tr	NN	" You be good , " he told their captive .
tr	NNS	The overall decor of the mansion did not suit Mary 's tastes .
tr	NN	The two men took a slice each but the blond woman waved it away .
tr	NN	He didn 't have a prayer of a clean shot , but he got lucky and my back window shattered inward .
tr	NN	If only I knew I had brought no harm to the Jews of Norwich , who have in other times suffered so much . "
tr	NN	Thomas swerved abruptly to the left , made a desperate leap off a dangerously high rock onto the sand at the high tide mark .
tr	NN	Please find a more pleasant topic before I get back . "
tr	NNS	" You 're separating positive and negative pairs , confusing moral judgments with reasoning , reversing the normal course of - " " Reversing ! "
tr	NN	As much as she wanted to stay she 'd better follow the example of the others and head back to her hotel room .
tr	NNS	She turned the pages idly , but then something caught her eye .
tr	NNS	I hire the experts in their field and demand assistance when there 's a problem . "
tr	NN	Now I risk my reputation here , but you have it for an hour tomorrow after closing and under the supervision of a conservator . "
tr	NNS	Laughing loudly , Megumi ruined my efforts in making that question private , even though it was for her own good .
tr	NN	She put down the anchor , shut off the engine and then dove off the side of the boat toward shore .
tr	NN	By now it must have known the female universe , but he did not .
tr	NN	A few seconds later he heard a distinct shout , " Open it for Lucian . "
tr	NNS	Keith had some candles .
tr	NN	" I like her outfit . "
tr	NNS	Instructors couldn 't prevent the students from hooking up .
tr	NN	She started another coughing spree .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't like condoms . "
tr	NN	Abe raised his hat brim to look at the offering .
tr	NN	Could she risk her daughter 's well-being on a man who had such dark secrets ?
tr	NNS	By the time I was twenty-one , I owned three buildings , and they were all successful . "
tr	NNS	Trystan gathers his wits and picks up the clothes and towels .
tr	NN	As my wife 's beautiful daughter , you deserve any fortune that it might deem fit to bring you .
tr	NN	He kissed my earlobe , then backed away to look me in the eye .
tr	NNS	You said ribs and your arm .
tr	NNS	We see the ranch families and workers now and then .
tr	NNS	Since starting preschool in Montgomery , and now here in Mobile , Isaac had learned numbers and most of the alphabet .
tr	NNS	I have Lisa monitoring teams combing the desert where he 'd last been seen .
tr	NN	We can get a goldfish or hamster if you want . "
tr	NN	I returned the gesture , wanting to be brave , too .
tr	NNS	Once all hell broke loose the rest of the forces would quickly subdue confused elements without the benefit of their leadership .
tr	NN	I hate the word whore .
tr	NNS	Hey , stork , deliver any babies recently ?
tr	NN	Zillah resisted the urge to shake the girl .
tr	NN	After hiding them out of sight , I made a hasty dash in the opposite direction , far away from the other soldiers .
tr	NNS	It overloads your senses .
tr	NN	She pulled up the hem of her dress and started to run .
tr	NN	Just as expected , Trista was outside enjoying her jumbo playground .
tr	NN	He grabbed my nipple in between his thumb and forefinger and squeezed .
tr	NNS	Adam joined her there , his h * ps mere inches from hers .
tr	NN	Don 't evict anybody or anything like that , but find me a place where I can hide .
tr	NN	" I found this anchor for you last night when I was going through my stuff from 2009 .
tr	NN	I took a recliner next to Rourke , facing Ray and Marcy .
tr	NN	Farther back towered a bronze sculpture comprised of bizarre shapes balanced precariously .
tr	NN	He could taste her personality in the down-home touches she put on the healthy meals she 'd been making him .
tr	NN	Squid possess a long gill structure for gas exchange .
tr	NN	I picked up a pillow from behind me , and I threw it at him .
tr	NNS	We need allies too if we 're to track him down .
tr	NNS	They 'd be round here throwing bricks through the window and bothering Rusty , if they thought I 'd told the police .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths to calm the panic flowing through my veins .
tr	NN	Rings swirled round his boat , he saw the bubbles quiver .
tr	NN	Dryden let out another yell , his fingers clawing at Daniel 's trousers .
tr	NN	I say a little torn .
tr	NN	At its end , glistening against the clouded sky as if lit by some unnatural light , sits a castle .
tr	NN	They shall decide your fate and that of all your race . "
tr	NNS	By instilling doubt about the underpinnings of science , Popper angers scientists even as he defends their theories .
tr	NNS	" I do not have those powers . "
tr	NN	Now he had told me he 'd noticed every detail of what I looked like .
tr	NNS	She cries out , eyes closed , forehead searing with pain .
tr	NN	Enormous multitudes witnessed the experiment , and there was a struggle for places in the car .
tr	NNS	Sophia stopped to look at sunglasses and tried on at least fifty different pairs before deciding on one .
tr	NN	And look , we don 't even have any proof .
tr	NNS	She gathered her wits .
tr	NN	She was now getting the Karate Kid treatment - doing manual labor while she learned to control herself and tolerate the magic that bubbled beneath her skin .
tr	NN	Then I took Nicholas 's pistol from my belt .
tr	NN	" What the fuck are you doing in my body ? "
tr	NNS	She didn 't need the complications .
tr	NNS	I heard murmurs , whispers .
tr	NNS	You may have just blown a million dollars . "
tr	NNS	He had other titles , however .
tr	NNS	I had no illusions about cracking any of it .
tr	NN	Give him a little credit .
tr	NNS	I would give you the heavens if I could , but Demeter insisted something simpler would be better . "
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers off her , instantly waking her up and sitting up in bed .
tr	NNS	Carefully , they scanned their surroundings in anticipation of the next onslaught .
tr	NNS	We can have refreshments and talk . "
tr	NN	And she cannot refuse the compulsory software updating .
tr	NN	Chang ' e melts the rabbit 's remedy , the one that unites spirit to body , and blends it with her blood .
tr	NNS	" Fine , then marry Shadow off .
tr	NNS	The animal 's gaze followed my movements suspiciously , but it never attempted to lash out .
tr	NN	" Nice speech by the way .
tr	NNS	I 've always loved ships , even since I was a kid .
tr	NN	Gripping her wrist , he procured the dagger from Zeal 's grip then flung her over his shoulder and slammed her to the ground .
tr	NNS	Jack gave more directions , " Take each strand of hair and fan it that way , like the wind is blowing . "
tr	NNS	Had the appearance of the pigeon heralded the changes that took hold of their lives ?
tr	NNS	" Can you give us some examples ? "
tr	NNS	With all the ways science can debunk church claims the propaganda that once was used to control the masses has dissipated .
tr	NN	He looked to his left and saw in the far distance the yellow flag he visited the day before .
tr	NN	Eleanor approached the junction and smoothed down the front of her blouse as she passed Cross 's car .
tr	NN	Mr. Stephen lifted his embroidered napkin to his lips , his face professionally blanked of emotion .
tr	NN	Their contemporary ideals should have made an obedient coven that fit together well socially .
tr	NN	For fans of The Cat Creature I recommend : The Mummy ( 1932 ) and The Mummy ( 1959 ) .
tr	NN	You definitely don 't have Stockholm syndrome .
tr	NN	Straight out of college , Mack had turned his thirst for adventure into a paying gig .
tr	NNS	Don 't bring your complaints to me .
tr	NN	I may as well get a full battery out of it .
tr	NN	Every last bolt had been tightened , every last wire strung , and now there was nothing to do but wait .
tr	NN	She felt a teardrop on her cheek .
tr	NN	He still wore his standard vest and trousers .
tr	NNS	She can detect lies , like the yellow light shining next to her .
tr	NNS	" You don 't know much about dogs , do you ? "
tr	NN	Stopping at a vendors stall , Scarborough bought a banana which she shared with her husband in a rare moment of generosity .
tr	NN	I see a hero . "
tr	NNS	She passed students shuffling through the hallways , smiling and laughing with one another .
tr	NNS	Those of the East suffered great losses initially , but as they reorganized , their greater numbers stopped the advance of the Red Army .
tr	NNS	My eyes opened wide , shock rippling through me .
tr	NNS	" We should have all the ingredients . "
tr	NN	The moving water swung the floating wagon to the other side just like it was on a pendulum .
tr	NNS	The clean , male scent of his body invaded her senses His golden hair was dark where it was still damp from his shower .
tr	NNS	Eve batted her thick eyelashes .
tr	NNS	He placed the goggles to his eyes for the second time and his heart began to pound .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes and tilted her head in some bullshit attempt to appear sweet .
tr	NN	" I heard some hollering and came rushing outside to find Joe bleeding . "
tr	NN	" They also removed a GPS tag out of my arm . "
tr	NN	He takes up the chant again at some point , but my eyes are closed and my hands are over my ears by then .
tr	NN	She 'd been born a Queen .
tr	NNS	The pilots had already placed four insulated crates on the ground , preparing for fast handoffs and quick bunny hops out of the park .
tr	NNS	" But who likes cats ? "
tr	NNS	Unfortunately I could never remember the successful items on which my finger had contacted the menu .
tr	NN	In fact , it commonly affords him the solitude he requires to bring the roots a calling .
tr	NN	Did you learn our language from human captives ? "
tr	NN	So he hadn 't lost his faith through this catastrophe .
tr	NNS	We 'd discussed all Ann 's responses to reader questions .
tr	NN	She found a park bench on the esplanade and sat down .
tr	NNS	The flickering of light cast from the glow of candles shot their silhouettes on the walls .
tr	NNS	" I don 't want nightmares .
tr	NNS	But they were not kill shots .
tr	NNS	Don 't take any chances . "
tr	NN	I have my duty .
tr	NNS	He brushed green and gold pastry bits from his fingers onto his spotless kaftan .
tr	NNS	I passed a few pedestrians , couples mostly , no doubt on their way to one of the many downtown restaurants .
tr	NN	We trudge around the frame of the lost ship , looking desperately for a way in .
tr	NN	Lust implied a physical attraction , which she definitely felt with Derrick .
tr	NNS	Like the night she had run free as the wolf , Savannah now had the senses of a bird of prey .
tr	NN	Some of the other men realized the fortune that lay around them and started for the women .
tr	NNS	The net of rope will not support solid blocks of snow so we must slice slabs from the top and lay them on .
tr	NNS	" I have patients at two .
tr	NN	I had a certain reputation .
tr	NN	I resent the implication .
tr	NN	Once they were all gathered at the door , he tapped the iron knocker .
tr	NNS	Where had Reuben seen trinkets like this before ?
tr	NNS	You couldn 't see the tire marks that Arnold 's car had made because the snow had covered them .
tr	NNS	You don 't remember his artifacts of power ?
tr	NNS	" Exactly , they recruit members when they are vulnerable and see no other alternative .
tr	NN	He reproduces a screeching spitting fighting kitty sound while scraping the air in front of him with his right hand .
tr	NNS	Nothing but Betty Page displaying her assets and all the men around me were transfixed .
tr	NN	I swallow the nervous knot .
tr	NNS	" Your great visions !
tr	NN	" Get outta here before I whip out my taser . "
tr	NN	" If you call me and don 't get through its because I get no reception in the tree . "
tr	NNS	Down went his boxers .
tr	NNS	Cricket pats his pockets for his house key .
tr	NN	I expected a snort of derision .
tr	NN	Jude gave my neck one final nip before his face moved above mine .
tr	NN	Devils and Demons has a strict gothic dress code .
tr	NNS	We ramp up the lies of course .
tr	NN	" Send that technician and a couple of guards . "
tr	NNS	Feeling sinfully satisfied by the treat I had just consumed , I was in full relaxation mode , idly crushing pine needles to smell the refreshing fragrance .
tr	NN	The gods didn 't deserve worship if they wanted this .
tr	NNS	" You have the basic skills , but I do have a few questions . "
tr	NNS	Establish safe routes through the forest and send a dozen or so people up those trails each time .
tr	NN	" They will stop solely feeding and they will begin to breed . "
tr	NN	I swallowed a painful knot in my throat .
tr	NN	Has it got a harbour ? '
tr	NNS	He took several deep breaths , then put his hand on the table .
tr	NNS	I reached the campers on the lower side and tried to get my direction again .
tr	NNS	She saw marks and tattoos on her skin that weren 't there .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of her as she passed by the window on her way to her bedroom .
tr	NNS	" I only got four dollars and twelve cents . "
tr	NN	One had a horn rising from his scalp and fur all over his body .
tr	NN	Laura sucked the last mouthful of her coffee and gaped at the screen .
tr	NN	Wary , I pull off the lid , and find myself gazing down at my beautiful , missing wedding dress .
tr	NNS	Shanna prints off the business cards for the clothing store on something similar , and it costs a freaking fortune every time . "
tr	NNS	" I 'll pay you three hundred dollars to take it to my apartment around back . "
tr	NNS	I could already feel his hardness grinding against my leg and my core heated , almost like I could feel him thrusting inside me already .
tr	NNS	She didn 't have any ghosts in the closet . "
tr	NNS	" Anyway , the bastard sees our numbers and takes off running towards the castle to give the alarm .
tr	NN	They crawled single file through the grass .
tr	NNS	Of course , the men of Rule must raid other settlements .
tr	NNS	He cited several examples of weapons , including the Protector mobile artillery unit , as vital to be approved and put into production .
tr	NN	At last she began the chase .
tr	NN	Mr. Goodwin smiles and slips his pen behind his ear .
tr	NNS	I could hear my breaths .
tr	NNS	I suddenly had visions of the mattress springing back into its former thickness and flinging me into the ceiling .
tr	NNS	" I don 't wear contacts . "
tr	NN	the girl waved the revolver impatiently .
tr	NN	Once the clues are deciphered , we will have that location . "
tr	NN	" Will I get any acknowledgment ?
tr	NNS	" We 've been getting texts .
tr	NN	I have a doctor 's appointment in Destin that I. . .
tr	NNS	Her inability to see anything heightened her other senses .
tr	NN	She was wearing a camisole and underwear .
tr	NNS	Slaves had no rights when they were captured and thankfully for me I had not been branded yet .
tr	NN	Belinda stifled the impulse to bolt .
tr	NN	I will first offer a prayer before we touch the plates or the glasses of juice themselves . "
tr	NNS	Both 006 and 007 filled lead positions as well , setting a new precedent of humans working for HS supervisors .
tr	NN	" I seek your forgiveness . "
tr	NNS	He did not want the bandits to suspect that it was anything other than an ordinary sword , albeit a very good one .
tr	NNS	' Come on let 's have a look ' Jess shook her head .
tr	NN	Give me the exact location . "
tr	NN	He reaches the archway and turns to Nicole .
tr	NNS	I didn 't realize gargoyles possessed such powers . "
tr	NNS	I took up all the offers I was getting from the whores .
tr	NNS	I toss fireballs into her back muscles .
tr	NNS	She 'd had some pretty miserable excuses for boyfriends , and I guess she liked a bit of stability .
tr	NN	They examined the construction of the gingerbread house .
tr	NNS	I held the photographs to my chest and buried my face in his hoodie .
tr	NNS	And CSU scanned the yards . "
tr	NNS	Quickly , she attached her skates , and began to wobble along .
tr	NN	And knowing my ballerina , if she had any control over it , she would make it work .
tr	NN	" I 'd better put up my parasol or I 'll get a scold from Beatrice when we get back .
tr	NN	He hadn 't expected such a pretty package to be filled with steely determination .
tr	NNS	We 've had enough wakeboard falls for one lifetime . "
tr	NNS	" This little book gives me the contacts I 've needed and verifies other information .
tr	NNS	Though we usually used wooden rattan sticks , not live blades .
tr	NNS	He thought that may be what was wrong with her now , she just needed more drugs .
tr	NN	I grabbed a bran muffin and a banana .
tr	NNS	I held up my original three hearts with the mass I 'd stolen from Caleb .
tr	NNS	As you cleanse the cities of corruption , you heal the hearts and minds of those who live within . '
tr	NNS	I shook the cobwebs of lust from my head .
tr	NN	Axel could not repress a shudder .
tr	NNS	She tossed the stockings on the table and sat down on her favorite chair , opening the can at the same time .
tr	NN	Jane stretched plastic wrap over the untouched tray of meats .
tr	NNS	Don 't make excuses for not living the life you want .
tr	NN	" You 'll find no more joy here , Grant .
tr	NNS	Dmitry didn 't like those sorts of feelings at all .
tr	NNS	Although we were anticipating another paycheck the next week , we had many items to buy .
tr	NN	I have the utmost respect and gratitude for your belongings .
tr	NNS	For this purpose the king made his designs .
tr	NN	" I read the article and it was masterful , Chase .
tr	NNS	Plus , I didn 't exactly get the most coherent responses after I told them my news other than .
tr	NN	His gaze finished its sweep of the clearing , and he shook his head slightly , as though bothered by something .
tr	NNS	The machines had always fed her back scores as " Good " and on at least one occasion " Excellent . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't hear any footfalls .
tr	NNS	Change paint cans , change caps , and spray again .
tr	NN	I held the pencil , tip down , above the sink .
tr	NNS	Was a promise like that worth committing their armies to ?
tr	NN	She felt his eyes like heat on her every curve , felt his lust for her , his raw , potent desire as a palpable force .
tr	NN	A shiver runs down my spine .
tr	NN	The old lady had an agenda .
tr	NN	He 'd rehearsed the speech on the drive over .
tr	NN	He pulls out shampoo , soap and a clean pair of boxers from the bag and tosses them onto the bed .
tr	NNS	" Tell them from this day on , the humans consider the stingers their allies .
tr	NN	The airman set aside his fork and pulled a folded paper from under the counter .
tr	NNS	He needed the trappings in order to be Ashe Cain .
tr	NN	I see his smirk just seconds before his fist connects with my ribs in a right hook .
tr	NNS	" Then why shouldn 't she use those innate talents to free herself , to end her confinement ?
tr	NNS	Two were made up , the others had their mattresses rolled against the headboard .
tr	NN	Ko adjusted his silver veil .
tr	NN	She didn 't have any solid proof yet , but the snuff film had to be from the night Sutton died .
tr	NN	Yet Travis had a hunch about the Ross Glacier .
tr	NNS	The whirlwind beat his guardians and Amazons .
tr	NNS	Under the table , Izzy wiped her suddenly sweaty palms on the skirt of her gown .
tr	NNS	Once this is over , I 'm cutting off ties with all of them . "
tr	NN	If the fella that doesn 't like us gets promoted , he 'll ditch any future involvement with us .
tr	NNS	" I rule my servants with an iron hand . "
tr	NN	" If you like , you can stay a fortnight or two in here . "
tr	NN	Charles dropped the tarp and walked toward the driveway .
tr	NN	She 's got enough credit to her name to buy a man his own mail ship .
tr	NNS	She has rare talents , much like you have .
tr	NN	I had enough credit to board for a while .
tr	NNS	The fur trim barely covered her nipples .
tr	NN	He felt the sensation of dropping and then the impact when he hit the churning water .
tr	NN	On the eve of Mexico 's defeat , President Davis addressed the nation : Yesterday , the American Empire invaded Mexico .
tr	NNS	He has all the elements for greatness and yet not the slightest impulse to procure it .
tr	NN	Raven picked up a broken branch and flung it at him .
tr	NNS	Anyone who hangs out with Orange County 's most famous defense attorney has a few surprises up her sleeve . "
tr	NN	I fought the urge to cry .
tr	NN	' Get some clean cloth from under the bench in the kitchen !
tr	NNS	Her fresh , heart-shaped face might as well have home fires and bridge club tattooed across her forehead .
tr	NNS	Thankful for the hedges lining the front of my patio and the privacy they afforded , I shifted my thighs around his lean hips .
tr	NN	Too bad they didn 't have enough mental capacity to use that to their advantage .
tr	NN	The tangy taste of her favorite orange juice quenched her thirst .
tr	NN	Suddenly I heard her stomach growl , " Ummm Ben ... can we eat first ?
tr	NN	I acknowledge the Way , the Truth , and the Life , but have never received the grace to succumb .
tr	NN	" Did I find the right saddle ? "
tr	NNS	I had been tackling the solar panels as an isolated problem , a puzzle that offered the joy of solving it as its primary reward .
tr	NN	Why would robbers leave jewelry on somebody they had just killed ?
tr	NN	" Don 't you even try your matchmaking on me , Joseph Anderson .
tr	NNS	He rubbed the marks trying to restore circulation to his hands .
tr	NN	Sophia threw down the dish towel she 'd been using to wipe off the counter and crossed her arms over her muscled chest .
tr	NN	she asks , a frustrated lump forming in her throat .
tr	NN	Braun dropped his rifle and swung a right at Conners ' head .
tr	NNS	We passed quaint shops .
tr	NNS	They would light up candles and read spooky stories to each other until late at night .
tr	NNS	Finally , he faced the directors .
tr	NNS	Even though my mom had died almost five years before , I still had issues with it , which I guess was pretty normal .
tr	NNS	And they wanted robots .
tr	NN	They reached the stairwell in seconds .
tr	NNS	" Did you see the changes I made to our room since the last time you saw it ? "
tr	NNS	" I don 't hurt females .
tr	NN	It had a small effect .
tr	NN	Knocked from his falling trajectory , Rift hits the rooftop harshly , rolling to a stop just before reaching the ledge .
tr	NNS	Forcing his own doubts out of his mind and steadying his hand .
tr	NNS	He ran his palms over the console .
tr	NNS	Wes had four former clients now suing him .
tr	NN	I didn 't deserve condemnation .
tr	NN	That forms achievement , McKie . "
tr	NN	She ignored her stomach growling loudly in protest .
tr	NNS	Did he have super powers ?
tr	NN	I left the diner and headed over to Mike 's place .
tr	NNS	I snatched the plates from his hand and spun , only he stayed where he was .
tr	NNS	Then he tossed the envelopes into nearby trashcan .
tr	NNS	With the blanket pulled away , they positively radiated the scents he had first detected upon entering the room .
tr	NNS	Jealousy had deeper fangs than curiosity .
tr	NNS	" I don 't care , as long as he 's saved , " she said passionately .
tr	NNS	He set the cups down and dashed over to the phone .
tr	NN	" And small-minded idiocy . "
tr	NN	She 'd feared Tomas landing in Ramon 's care , but anything was better than death .
tr	NN	Though she had allowed him some extra credit with his excellent videos .
tr	NNS	He can do all sorts of things !
tr	NNS	I also tucked my five knives into their usual slots , since Silvio had returned them to me .
tr	NN	My uncle and Josh got a warrant to arrest James and just headed out to get him .
tr	NN	" I never noticed that quality in him very often . "
tr	NN	The other troops then began the descent with the three separate sets of ropes , lowering three at a time .
tr	NN	I felt his body shudder , and heard the sharp intake of his breath , and heard the rapid thudding of his heart against my ear .
tr	NNS	Lulu raised her small pink palms and shrugged and said , " That 's my mom . "
tr	NN	However , my family has a butler and I used to help him serve food and drinks when we would have a lot of guests over .
tr	NNS	Although the barbarians themselves did not have the magical fire of their shamans , they did carry torches with one end soaked in oil .
tr	NN	" He 's got that devil-may-care attitude .
tr	NNS	Its energy destroyed buildings , houses and took innocent lives .
tr	NN	We saw the strong effect the blade had on him .
tr	NN	He could see comprehension dawning on Sky and Mikael 's faces off to the side , as the realized who this must be .
tr	NN	" But you had your cruiser and you didn 't lose . "
tr	NNS	Would I have two phone numbers , one here and one at the town house ?
tr	NNS	Hart and Eleanor developed the photographs together , in a darkroom Mac had set up when he 'd experimented with photograph art .
tr	NNS	As he exited to the street , he saw the crowds and heard the sickening grind of metal being ripped apart .
tr	NN	Then he sounded his horn as a signal to his hidden archers .
tr	NNS	As soon as the bodyguard had gone , the boss literally showered the two sisters with compliments .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you collect Mr. Billings and enjoy tea with us ? "
tr	NN	We could perhaps afford a jacket potato . "
tr	NNS	They can steal our powers ? "
tr	NN	" Failing health . "
tr	NNS	Dull cracks boom in the distance , and then quiet seeps in except for the hum of the engine .
tr	NN	Unlike Isaac , those two don 't know the meaning of the word stealth .
tr	NNS	" Four hundred dollars .
tr	NNS	No reason to take chances .
tr	NNS	" We all have our talents . "
tr	NN	I checked the fridge and decided on waffles with cream and butter , coffee and orange juice .
tr	NN	The spike heel broke off her shoe , embedding itself in his foot .
tr	NN	Now we can eat fish in peace .
tr	NN	She gave a small snort of utter derision .
tr	NN	She dabbed a blood-stained cloth against her mouth .
tr	NN	I hated the pleading in my voice .
tr	NN	" You get a new magical edible to use in completing a new assignment .
tr	NNS	She had a few acquaintances but no one she truly considered a friend .
tr	NNS	One at a time , Paul , Lisa , and Chris held up their cards and drawings so Buddy could see them .
tr	NNS	I 'm still having nightmares . "
tr	NN	Carlotta ordered a turkey swiss wrap and a lemon scone with clotted cream .
tr	NN	Eastman set his briefcase down on the desk and the locks clicked open with his touch .
tr	NN	White dotted his knuckles .
tr	NN	" Sometimes I get crap like that .
tr	NN	He repeated the operation for the left had side and , using the pen again , he opened the lid .
tr	NN	They determine it had been meant for someone else to see , someone like the owner of the envelope .
tr	NN	With each sound uttered , molten fire rippled up her spine , traveling out to her fingers in an explosion of rapturous energy .
tr	NNS	I make babies in this bed long time back , and I birth babies in this bed , and damned if I going to die anywhere else .
tr	NNS	You 've survived two big accidents .
tr	NNS	" I have a few tricks up my sleeve .
tr	NN	I examine the shiny purple material .
tr	NNS	Sitting on the cool ground , she could see three figures fighting .
tr	NNS	Examine your hearts , gentlemen .
tr	NN	He saw no treasure or weapons or intriguing artifacts .
tr	NN	My declaration had a strange effect on him .
tr	NNS	It came from my left , about six yards away .
tr	NN	We owe him a debt , for twice he has rescued us and yet seeks not the power of the palace . "
tr	NNS	" You 'll do fine Henry , the first time is the hardest , " Ms. Roberts said encouragingly .
tr	NN	They had sliced open his belly .
tr	NNS	She 'll end up scarred . "
tr	NNS	I 've set up mines and now you have to trust me to avoid them . "
tr	NN	But that creates space a little nearer the top . '
tr	NN	Soon after Logan was born , I was given a recommendation for a sitter .
tr	NNS	Andrew had been an excellent woodsman and hunter , often providing large meals for the Road Trains members , and had taught his son everything he knew .
tr	NNS	The others had explained their nightmares , but it didn 't surprise Jenny that Zach wouldn 't .
tr	NN	Now , Vincent caressed a wispy curl from her temple , and a kiss .
tr	NNS	I hate doctors . '
tr	NNS	" You have your bathing suits on ?
tr	NNS	The alien flew backwards .
tr	NN	This occasioned all manner of useless yet welcome concern from my newly discovered friend .
tr	NNS	Erica grabbed her sandals and hopped on one foot then the other to tug them on .
tr	NNS	He picked up the contracts Seth had already signed and began affixing his own signature to the documents .
tr	NN	Chapter 10 " I don 't know what else to tell you , " I say wearily , my throat dry and aching .
tr	NNS	If we do not handle this perfectly we force unnecessary dangers upon all of us .
tr	NN	Had the noble classes always just ignored their privilege ?
tr	NN	I heard her irritated huff as I walked away with Trent , but I didn 't bother looking back .
tr	NNS	Name five other charities , one for each of these gentlemen .
tr	NN	Freezing wind lifted the brim of his cowboy hat and blasted his broad back with ice pellets .
tr	NNS	For a moment , I felt achingly envious of Bria 's look-alike .
tr	NN	" We have no proof . "
tr	NN	The leaking eyes flashed fury .
tr	NN	She removed each item to inspect it .
tr	NN	They didn 't speak the same language , so they weren 't bothering to use one .
tr	NN	The woman took the cap .
tr	NN	" I can 't take credit for the naming of my home , but I am Mrs. Dawson .
tr	NN	" You don 't want her halted ? "
tr	NNS	You lose a few patients along the way , but you save more in the long run . '
tr	NNS	Maggie smoothed her damp palms against the cotton fabric of her skirt .
tr	NNS	Cain 's dimensions had multiple portal points allowing them to enter the human world easily .
tr	NN	They 'd rather kill a cop than anyone else .
tr	NN	" Just do me a favor and bring the coffee to the table in the corner . "
tr	NNS	He drags his palms over his face .
tr	NN	He had achieved his vengeance , but it had been costly .
tr	NN	She felt heat sweep up into her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Fortunately for us we have two heroes within our ranks who hail from one of these infected Earths . "
tr	NNS	He raised the hourglass and watched the draining of Time .
tr	NNS	You should bring your bodyguards and your family .
tr	NN	He dropped the scanner .
tr	NN	" I recognize this mating . "
tr	NN	He 'd taken a bath , and his shorter newly washed hair shone like a copper penny in the early morning light .
tr	NNS	Marco threw coins on the counter and walked out .
tr	NN	Wine and chicken ; add a chick flick to that , and we are set for the night . "
tr	NNS	I wore bathing suits all year , usually with nothing else on , but for some reason , I felt too exposed under his eyes .
tr	NN	Kevin gave her hand a squeeze as he drove .
tr	NN	They 'd had their first encounter , the ice was broken , and they were still alive .
tr	NN	In addition to creosote and cacti , they now saw some oak and pine .
tr	NN	Oh , cut the crap .
tr	NN	Colin felt a tightening in his gut .
tr	NN	Celestino felt a unexpected lull of energy .
tr	NNS	" Since you helped me today , I 'll give you an extra fifty dollars . "
tr	NN	I could feel her bloodlust ; the aura of hatred was as palpable as the choking haze that accompanied them .
tr	NNS	" And we still have more bandits to worry about .
tr	NNS	Though Thornton offered me a sharp look , he did give me directions .
tr	NN	The bats would fly a toddler high up in the arena and then flip over , letting them fall into the air .
tr	NNS	" Hello , " I answered breathless .
tr	NNS	He remembered the numbness filling his limbs when his mother bade him hide ; those from his dreams coming to life in his mother 's voice .
tr	NN	Put your butt in gear ! "
tr	NN	The mass of darkness encircled the hill and formed a swift and hasty circle around it , swallowing up the entire forest beneath .
tr	NN	I took a solemn oath when I joined the Company to do whatever is necessary to preserve , protect , and defend them against evil . "
tr	NNS	Many older students were remaking acquaintances and new students like Fintan and Zack were staring around , wide-eyed .
tr	NN	I drop the fork .
tr	NN	Ty had her pinned .
tr	NN	She did allow herself a quick peek into the room off the kitchen , though .
tr	NNS	So on Thursday afternoon , she printed out directions to the new store and got in the car .
tr	NN	Hurt straightened her spine .
tr	NN	The words had the effect of a draught of wine , which suddenly makes all things easier .
tr	NN	And I don 't think it 's simple vandalism either .
tr	NNS	" I can make out four or five deer already . "
tr	NNS	Hannah had no illusions about that .
tr	NNS	" I 'll get Van on it , " Ethan said slyly .
tr	NN	As soon as she was alone , Evie folded up the magazine and put it into her handbag .
tr	NNS	I only paid five dollars for it .
tr	NN	At least she didn 't hurt anybody .
tr	NNS	We 're leaving the active surface waters .
tr	NNS	Though she was still guarded with some of the details , Rick had learned the basics .
tr	NN	He followed her there , his body shuddering , his chest heaving , as he thrust one final time .
tr	NN	She picked up the chunk closest to her .
tr	NNS	And Adrian has no such excuses . "
tr	NNS	" See your two pebbles and raise you two pebbles . "
tr	NN	" You shouldn 't wear so much black , Celia .
tr	NNS	The stunned officer watched heavy ceramic wheels and a long section of armor skirting tumbling crazily through the air .
tr	NN	He ordered the scanner up on one screen and began getting instant results .
tr	NNS	And like Diego 'd said , hunting smart just took a little brains and patience .
tr	NNS	The pilot revved the engines when I noticed a long shadow falling on the carpeted aisle next to me .
tr	NN	I 'm only following your advice . "
tr	NNS	I need lyrics to help me connect .
tr	NNS	After he got his emotions under control , he made a few tentative efforts to communicate with my sister and me .
tr	NNS	Jacques nuzzled the warmth of her neck , lazily slid his attentions lower to the invitation of her full breasts .
tr	NNS	No one would ever , ever make lesbian jokes or misquote scripture at them ... as long as I was fantasizing .
tr	NN	" I 'd like a cheese burger , with everything on it please . "
tr	NNS	After Ambrose abuses her , she marries Polonius .
tr	NN	He should have had more patience with Annie because she had been right .
tr	NNS	Jenny quickly brought everybody beers and just like that , I was the fifth member of the band for the night .
tr	NNS	We lived near Lake Michigan , only a few blocks from the shore , and one night I walked down there to try to calm myself .
tr	NN	In his right hand he had a pistol .
tr	NNS	Even dishwashing had its good points .
tr	NNS	" Then he better pick stronger clients .
tr	NN	He also stood barefoot on the sand .
tr	NNS	It had all the elements of a conspiracy if she counted Nacho as an accomplice .
tr	NNS	They raised cattle and owned the most profitable apple orchard on the island .
tr	NN	Gregori gave the impression of a beast with sheathed claws , waiting , stalking prey .
tr	NNS	Quickly they got out boards and trestles from the side walls and set them up near the fire .
tr	NNS	Yeah , like ghosts .
tr	NN	It had a centre parting and had been plastered down so severely that it looked as though it had been painted on his head .
tr	NNS	He 'd purchased paint supplies for her and created a studio just for her amusement .
tr	NN	After a few seconds , I got the soap and shampoo and made as thorough a job of it as I could with Marshall 's strictures .
tr	NN	I picked up an eyebrow pencil and drew some circles under my eyes .
tr	NNS	She puts the palms of her hands on my chest and gently guides me back into the wooden chair .
tr	NNS	Before joining them , Gray searched the sidewalks , the streets .
tr	NNS	" I can feel the wheels turning from all the way across the table .
tr	NNS	The name gave one the creeps .
tr	NNS	People folded up their umbrellas and lowered their raincoat hoods .
tr	NNS	He didn 't recognize the shaft markings .
tr	NN	As a trained soldier , he had a sacred duty to protect his people , guard their secret , and uphold the law .
tr	NNS	The tubes attacked the daunting stacks without rest , rummaging at pace in search of their bounty .
tr	NN	White closed the gauntlet around his right wrist and grimaced once it was closed .
tr	NN	" I made stew . "
tr	NN	I pulled out the deed from my pocket and said , " Soon it really will be your home , Sir Horace .
tr	NNS	I hold my palms to my forehead .
tr	NN	All this time she had set up a small , successful cafe and worked honestly amid her world of lies and crime .
tr	NN	Solange handed the gown to Celie .
tr	NN	About talking to her relatives and seeing her , but mostly that I might learn that Zander and I had made the wrong decision .
tr	NNS	The drunk patted his pockets , spilling more beer over Arthur as he did so .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps he has disciples ? "
tr	NNS	The shadow is momentarily caught off guard and staggers backwards .
tr	NNS	For in the distance of hundreds of day 's marches , lives untold numbers of fierce nomads .
tr	NN	I swung the katana to my right , but he dodged it so quickly that the katana stabbed the wall beside it .
tr	NNS	The driver must not have been taking any chances , because as soon as she was clear of the carriage , he drove away to go park .
tr	NNS	" Not all of us have fathers with reputations big enough to ride through on .
tr	NN	Elissa asked the nurse .
tr	NN	The gate opened , they had electricity , outstanding .
tr	NN	She handed her grandmother the small bouquet of buds she 'd picked out .
tr	NN	I grasp his nipple and give it a twist .
tr	NN	" You wouldn 't have noticed a resemblance with my face so filthy .
tr	NN	They had paint splattered on them from long ago , but were still serviceable .
tr	NN	A man had her pinned and appeared to be bending down to her neck .
tr	NN	For the last three days , she received no bath .
tr	NNS	I remembered blood stains on my hands contrasting sharply against crisp , white sheets .
tr	NN	Without the despair of today we can 't experience the joy of tomorrow . "
tr	NN	I lifted my baseball cap and ran my hand through my hair .
tr	NNS	By October Mr Evans would have three bands to coach ; the youngest member being fifteen .
tr	NN	I motioned the bartender over , pointing at my empty shot glass .
tr	NNS	Now kelp once again filled the seas , dampening the murderous storms .
tr	NNS	Then I remember the roses that had been outside the apartment door when I got home from the hospital .
tr	NN	I smelled the salty tang in the air and felt a cool mist of water .
tr	NN	Ben put down his pen , scowling .
tr	NNS	Anybody who does is essentially inviting all travelers in the area .
tr	NN	I pulled out the last item .
tr	NNS	I 've four other regular helpers in and out all day , but they were mostly in the hall .
tr	NNS	You have actual fangs .
tr	NN	Tate sat forward again , fury in his expression .
tr	NNS	Allison , on the other hand , flirted up dates on a regular basis .
tr	NNS	She said the witches she knew there would worship Harvester for his favor , but they had no luck .
tr	NN	" Sir , our men have drawn a white flag . "
tr	NN	Couldn 't he see the harm he caused her ?
tr	NN	" Oops -- dropped my pen . "
tr	NNS	Her fingers close to grazing mine , I leaned forward , inches away from her .
tr	NNS	I got top marks in all my subjects . "
tr	NN	He pushed the far pew with both hands , slamming it into the pew before it , creating a domino effect .
tr	NNS	Jon eased down the covers , and in a moment she was beneath them , collapsing wearily back against the pillow again .
tr	NNS	In a flash , he sank his fangs into her .
tr	NNS	A guard screamed and fell , one of Altair 's throwing knives in his neck .
tr	NN	Was that Robby , all grown-up ?
tr	NN	A chill ran down my spine and I nearly lost my temper again .
tr	NN	" I will get packing . "
tr	NN	He emptied his clip .
tr	NNS	And he takes most available opportunities to point it out to anyone who will take the time to listen .
tr	NN	The old woman waved off her objection .
tr	NNS	The scalpers are getting three hundred bucks each for these .
tr	NN	" We have a direct and dedicated satellite that he is constantly connected to .
tr	NN	When you kill again for me you must have perfect faith and perfect conviction .
tr	NN	" I could use your advice . "
tr	NNS	I flip through a few more pages and find a section describing jump methods .
tr	NN	A waiter set a basket of assorted rolls on the table .
tr	NN	Now that one set of stimuli was gone , she felt the jarring rattle of the demon in her head .
tr	NNS	" I made arrangements with Scott to get you to Bend .
tr	NN	Gabby gave a thumbs-up , still drinking .
tr	NNS	Zach was brushing bits of glass off his canvas .
tr	NN	And he appreciated ingenuity .
tr	NN	I have a duty to perform , but I would have forsaken it back then .
tr	NN	Albert hated the bullies .
tr	NNS	" Give me directions to your place .
tr	NN	The doors had a huge star on them that read " Marcos . "
tr	NN	Each of you has sworn an oath .
tr	NNS	" I have sensed stronger connections , but this will suffice . "
tr	NN	She straightened a slightly skewed saucer .
tr	NN	She released the medallion and grabbed the end of her braid , twirling it around her finger .
tr	NN	Rebecca quickly set the magazine aside .
tr	NN	Cole opened the trunk he had inherited and started changing into his sleeping clothes .
tr	NNS	" Unless a court revokes them or you sign them away , this gives you parental rights to the little boy asleep upstairs . "
tr	NN	" If you don 't mind ... " He lifted the newsboy cap from her head and her hair tumbled around her shoulders and down her back .
tr	NNS	She smoothed her palms down her shirt as if she was nervous .
tr	NNS	The two men had a couple beers in the clubhouse and promised to play together in next week 's Friday game .
tr	NN	Now , I have a proposition for you . "
tr	NN	I straightened my spine and said , " You know what -- that woman , my classmate , Marissa -- " But then I stopped .
tr	NNS	I 'll do the dishes later .
tr	NN	He chose a slice of cheese and a slice of bread to put it on .
tr	NN	" Don 't you have anybody at home to miss you ? "
tr	NN	He saw the chagrin in her eyes as she realized she was getting too mouthy in front of Caitlin 's enemy .
tr	NN	Eli joined the discussion half-heartedly .
tr	NN	Either way , he would get some measure of satisfaction .
tr	NN	Kira gives me another shrug .
tr	NN	She grabbed a napkin and uncapped a pen .
tr	NN	I felt my brow furrow as I translated the word .
tr	NN	I had a desperate urge to be at home , in bed .
tr	NNS	The doctor took a few steadying breaths , and then puffed out his chest and marched toward the nurses ' station .
tr	NN	That implied emotional involvement , and none of this had been about that on his side .
tr	NNS	I have other clients today as well . "
tr	NN	I require total privacy .
tr	NN	He detected a foul aroma emanating from that place .
tr	NNS	Codex gives fifty pages of demon history but not this interesting stuff ?
tr	NNS	The team kept their movements slow and deliberate , not wanting to stir up trouble while they slipped single file through miles of jungle .
tr	NNS	You forget , I know your tricks .
tr	NN	Like a man claiming victory , the jail guard held up a small wad of bills that he pulled from Pat 's sock .
tr	NN	Love had taken backseat to the only emotion powerful enough to rival it , anger .
tr	NN	They take their craft seriously . "
tr	NN	She 'd even included a presentation on a new campaign idea she had , one that would take greater advantage of social media opportunities .
tr	NNS	He pushed off the mattress with a faint sigh .
tr	NNS	She passed the buildings wondering about the people who had owned them or worked in them , and what had become of them .
tr	NNS	He 's choosing his responses carefully .
tr	NNS	Did Alistair have contracts with any limousine companies in London ?
tr	NN	In a spray of blood , her teeth tore a chunk of skin from his neck .
tr	NNS	Her heartbeat nearly cracked her ribs .
tr	NNS	" My dress , you see , has no ruffles . "
tr	NN	With stunning speed , Jacob yanked a can opener from the counter and launched it at Jared 's head .
tr	NNS	Michael held his palms up in surrender .
tr	NNS	I brushed the cracker crumbs from my dress and didn 't even try to break into the conversations .
tr	NNS	If their bedroom chamber walls could talk ... Will would stuff their mouths with cement and be done with it !
tr	NNS	He pushed back the covers , and then slipped out of the bed .
tr	NN	Beth had hurried a batch of cookies , with a touch of milk for the kids .
tr	NNS	She had no illusions that David would be in the picture , but that didn 't scare her .
tr	NN	Thinking ahead to dinner , she added a package of chicken legs and a box of stuffing .
tr	NNS	" Find out WHAT ? "
tr	NN	That was the winter of her fourth birthday , the year she touched the ice dragon .
tr	NNS	" In the first place , I haven 't cast any spells since I got here .
tr	NN	The cabinet under the little island there has standard snack crap , chocolate chip granola bars , Pop-Tarts , and such . "
tr	NNS	Besides , I have toilets to flush .
tr	NN	He pushed the pen into her flaccid hand .
tr	NN	He lifted his champagne flute and she raised her glass to his .
tr	NN	He carefully slowed the ship 's descent , as he passed through the planet 's surface without incident .
tr	NNS	I sent the tapes in a security pack to him an hour before you left with a personal note from me to watch out . "
tr	NN	That I might wish her harm ?
tr	NN	I only used the flute out of habit , after years of performing with Madam Octa at the Cirque Du Freak .
tr	NNS	" Why not thermal or motion sensors ? "
tr	NNS	They keep the engines locked behind one of the special panels in the ships ' engineering rooms .
tr	NN	The main fountain hosted a sculpture of a giant man holding a well-placed pitcher .
tr	NNS	We 'd follow the railroad tracks to the next town , or hike miles through the forest to the next bridge over the river .
tr	NNS	Alex obviously had no such issues .
tr	NN	After all the ones the Plague Eldest sent , every Eldest after that sent down another probe .
tr	NNS	The French have no computer skills , so it is impossible to hire local talent , and flying in Americans is expensive .
tr	NNS	He took a few more shallow breaths .
tr	NN	" Well , being a democratic household , we took a vote , and , you got the job .
tr	NNS	David does his dirty deeds . "
tr	NN	" Ray Don , his nest mates say , has an extra supply of all these chemicals in his body .
tr	NN	And now you 're offering me a bribe ?
tr	NN	He took a handful of bacon and kissed Julianne on the cheek .
tr	NNS	She didn 't want any more nightmares .
tr	NN	I can most likely get a plea with little prison time .
tr	NNS	She 'd broadcasted her doubts to him .
tr	NN	I didn 't inherit my mom 's bedside manner , like my sister , Amber , did .
tr	NN	From that , we can put together , as it were , a composite sketch .
tr	NN	Steam rises from the blood and entrails in the bitter cold , making the sight that much more haunting .
tr	NNS	Christ would command the heavens , with the same authority as Him .
tr	NN	He shaved his beard , ditched the pharmacy eyeglasses , and left town a month later .
tr	NN	I pulled the film and checked the splices .
tr	NN	She hadn 't put a tag on it .
tr	NNS	My hands flitted inches over her torso .
tr	NNS	He wears slacks too short and too high on his waist .
tr	NNS	The symbiosis with the dead planetary souls gave his people powers and abilities beyond their dreams .
tr	NN	The Fortress , situated on a mountain peak , overlooked a deep green valley bisected by a narrow ribbon of blue water .
tr	NNS	She had maybe two hundred dollars in her purse .
tr	NNS	Lucky your old man didn 't break her ribs .
tr	NNS	Lightning lanced the clouds .
tr	NN	I whimper , heartbroken for a girl who has been through too much .
tr	NNS	He blinked his eyelashes rapidly and looked around the room .
tr	NNS	" But you loathe politics ? "
tr	NNS	The antler bounced several paces away .
tr	NN	I feel the slight slur of my words as the alcohol hits my system .
tr	NN	" Where will they come out , my lord ? "
tr	NN	Lyssa felt a lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	It had fifty-six floors .
tr	NNS	You 've got some pretty good tits there so you need to start showing them a little more .
tr	NN	But I felt a dread apart from that when I kicked open the door to the room where the king had hidden himself away from everyone .
tr	NNS	He tasted her nipples in soft pulls as if compelled .
tr	NNS	It usually takes generations , and Charlotte has never showed any signs .
tr	NN	" I didn 't get that impression .
tr	NNS	Marcus and Manda were having some family issues and he was dealing with her at the apartment .
tr	NNS	Seth watched clouds gathering in the west .
tr	NN	I heard a loud clash of weapons and looked back .
tr	NN	One lousy night and she had surrendered not only her virginity but her emotions .
tr	NN	Juni spits acid into his face .
tr	NNS	Yet Bo had handled Kirstie 's fears with more finesse and understanding than her own family had managed .
tr	NNS	" Damn , I 'm good , " the woman echoed , her accent high British , a touch of amusement in her voice .
tr	NN	When Gavin moaned , she felt his pleasure ripple through her and dampen between her legs .
tr	NNS	He pressed her against the balustrade and spanned her rib cage with his large hands , the translucence of his eyes bottomless reflections of the vivid sky .
tr	NNS	" I really could 've used a few mute , mindless robots around the house . "
tr	NN	He 'd left Victoria wide open magically , physically , and emotionally .
tr	NN	He gives a snort .
tr	NN	Despite the thickness of vegetation , she could hear a massive river roaring somewhere in the jungle beneath them .
tr	NNS	She didn 't answer my texts or calls .
tr	NN	The gesture made her heart spin like a top inside her chest .
tr	NN	It fit beautifully , the halter top leaving my shoulders bare but without being at all risqué .
tr	NN	" They 'll get the wrong impression . "
tr	NNS	So they must have high expectations for him .
tr	NNS	I didn 't have those doubts in my head anymore .
tr	NN	* Out of the blue , Prentice had an important visitor .
tr	NN	I accepted his protection , what harm could it do ?
tr	NN	' Er ... not really , ' said the oh god .
tr	NN	' Shouldn 't we say goodnight to Aunt Pol ? '
tr	NN	The princess will slay the dragon . "
tr	NNS	Dante stares at him .
tr	NNS	When at last I could put it off no longer , I threw the covers back and forced myself to get out of the bed .
tr	NN	He worked the material over her head , through her arms .
tr	NN	" I can control the dragon , ma .
tr	NNS	" And I 'll bet you twenty dollars she 's bringing a load of drama with her . "
tr	NN	Through her window , she saw a block of night and the Big Dipper , slanted on its side .
tr	NNS	He had no issues working with women .
tr	NNS	She 'd received cards and gifts from everyone who worked on her radio show .
tr	NNS	Their journey took the small group past small islands of mud raised to cultivate rows of tomatoes and corn for daily harvesting and transport to Yangon .
tr	NNS	Ben had only a few bites and I was unreasonably annoyed to learn they didn 't bother him at all .
tr	NNS	Hardworking Americans lost billions while Wall Street recovered their losses .
tr	NN	She ran her fingernail along the swirls as if the ink were a living thing .
tr	NNS	The Indians used their skills from the year before at their old village and helped him with the tree cutting and construction .
tr	NNS	" Don 't make sexy little noises .
tr	NNS	He could see the vampires ' fangs , bared for that bite from Anton 's neck , dripping with hunger .
tr	NNS	He placed both items against the wall closest to the door , and then stood tall , back to me .
tr	NN	" You see that thicket over there ? "
tr	NNS	' We would be given targets , individuals to be arrested then discreetly disposed of .
tr	NNS	Out of the paper bag Jace drew some apples , a bar of fruit and nut chocolate , and a bottle of water .
tr	NN	If she were to be married , it would have the same effect on her day if she were to go to the grocery store .
tr	NN	Like last night , she wore a pantsuit and white blouse .
tr	NNS	Oh , and this one , Can You Sue Your Parents for Malpractice ? "
tr	NNS	I might have had many lovers in my short lifetime , but the way Kellen made me feel was somehow totally different to anyone else .
tr	NNS	To date he has written eight novels , four novellas , and fifty odd short stories .
tr	NNS	Charlotte hauled buckets of rock .
tr	NN	They traveled southeast along the banks of the river toward Song .
tr	NNS	She has a few scratches but seems perfectly okay .
tr	NNS	I took patients that had failed experiments , ones that were dying , and began to unlock their doings .
tr	NN	" I operate an algae farm , lord . "
tr	NNS	They arranged meetings for us with dignitaries and film directors .
tr	NNS	She only had two classes per week , and held office hours on those days .
tr	NN	He found the giant escalator and rode up into the early evening .
tr	NNS	We had been following the tracks for a week or two on the assumption Ohio might be better off than Pennsylvania .
tr	NNS	Only this cross had strange markings along its lengths , a twisting and coiling pattern that looked vaguely familiar .
tr	NN	" We can 't use the internet for this one .
tr	NN	The blood he shed washes away all sin , but only if you accept it .
tr	NNS	Sure , some of the kids have car accidents or get drunk at the beach and drown or whatever .
tr	NN	She sheathed her dagger .
tr	NNS	With a sigh that sounded like exasperation , Max rested his palms on the couch and pushed himself up then casually walked across the room toward her .
tr	NN	The trustees had another agenda , one I couldn 't go along with . "
tr	NN	He ignored the full beard and kept his dark hair trimmed neatly as if he were a businessman in a cosmopolitan center of any Mid Eastern city .
tr	NNS	You wanted assets stripped from certain persons of interest .
tr	NNS	Swallowing the sudden dryness that had taken permanent residence in his throat , he braced his senses for impact .
tr	NNS	I lifted the front of Angel 's Cherokee a few inches and pushed it around a little .
tr	NNS	Did Gina have night goggles , or what ?
tr	NNS	Lily could feel the coolness of the sheet against her back as he pressed her into the mattress .
tr	NNS	Sam , don 't you ruin those ribs .
tr	NN	" He and a woman companion have left the café and are walking down the street .
tr	NNS	You and Gavin are experienced adults .
tr	NNS	We dumped our trays in the basket next to the entrance and walked through .
tr	NN	He counted down his suggested version of the night 's events on his fingers .
tr	NNS	The skin was gray and thick , like an elephant 's hide , her nails long dark talons .
tr	NNS	The figures in the Ole Barn Dance were clacking their wooden jaws .
tr	NN	As the doctor worked , Dominic took his advice and kept his attention on the only place he could help .
tr	NN	He gave no objection to it .
tr	NNS	But the guy running the game has mixed up , he spills the cups !
tr	NNS	He flipped the pages of the book to the last family record .
tr	NNS	" Oh , that will work wonders . "
tr	NNS	We passed a few offices where I saw soldiers shuffling papers and putting information into computers .
tr	NN	This thing was scaring the crap out of her .
tr	NNS	ruined her chances ? "
tr	NN	Lorraine asked a vendor next , but he was far more interested in selling his wares than answering her questions .
tr	NN	Mary Elise stroked a knuckle over her daughter 's tipped nose , chubby cheek , along the softest skin ever .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't mentioned the mysterious scratches I 'd received during his dream about the fight with Erich .
tr	NNS	Like doing public relations for Phil Spector .
tr	NNS	The sun 's rays reflected off the high clouds long before it appeared on the horizon .
tr	NN	A dozen castle guards were smashing a statue against the huge doors as a makeshift battering ram .
tr	NNS	She was developing some impressive biceps .
tr	NN	" Which location will you choose ? "
tr	NN	Jack Burns had switched his questioning abruptly to me .
tr	NNS	Next came the six turbine blades .
tr	NN	The spongy wood had cushioned the landing .
tr	NN	Suddenly our attention spotted a few simple folk of the island at the foot of the mountain face .
tr	NN	Up ahead she could see a pond with what looked like metal dinosaurs dotted about .
tr	NN	I have uniform conducting an extensive search of the surroundings , but am yet to hear of anything found . '
tr	NNS	You can see losses and the risks that were taken .
tr	NNS	Where would he find wolves ?
tr	NNS	I took my chances ... I ceased medication .
tr	NNS	Without another word , I pulled the covers over my head and rolled toward the wall .
tr	NNS	Her testimony had brought forward a couple more victims .
tr	NNS	" I don 't do cabs .
tr	NNS	Nicole made several efforts to try to start conversation , but none of the men were biting .
tr	NN	Sure , they both might enjoy professional basketball .
tr	NN	" Well , thank goodness it did ! "
tr	NN	" In battle , you always take the offensive if you want to - " " This isn 't battle , " Skye said softly .
tr	NN	His eyes , no longer dull and glazed , had a renewed depth I realized I 'd been missing .
tr	NNS	Simi pulled out several napkins from the silver dispenser and put them in her lap .
tr	NN	His mouth took command of hers and insisted on her compliance .
tr	NN	No man had ever tasted her sweetness .
tr	NNS	Even when he was still at Cargill , he had left the rituals of the girls ' health to Maryellen .
tr	NNS	He did not want any more surprises .
tr	NNS	I take deep breaths and stare at the sand by my feet until I no longer feel panicky .
tr	NNS	Sulla was still flipping cards , but these were ordinary playing cards .
tr	NNS	And to answer any preconceived notions , no I did not lose my mind -- - yet .
tr	NN	Good God , she had won a small fortune !
tr	NN	" Beth , I brought a visitor . "
tr	NN	Finally , he looped his pinky around mine .
tr	NNS	Then again , it did have five thousand dollars to go with it .
tr	NN	She picked up a fork and let him taste her dish .
tr	NNS	" Hello chaps ! "
tr	NN	All worlds shared mutual respect and understanding .
tr	NN	" Remember , I don 't speak your language as well as I would like .
tr	NN	I had a social obligation here , so I identified them to Robin and we went over to their table .
tr	NN	You will keep The Owner at the dock .
tr	NN	" Well , the diver opened the jar as soon as we got away from the lodge .
tr	NN	He kept the farm up , but his heart just wasn 't in it anymore .
tr	NN	The DEA just made an announcement that they had seized another drug shipment .
tr	NNS	My mom stood a few paces behind her , fear in her eyes and tears on her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Nick inhaled deep breaths trying to get rid of the shock and freezing .
tr	NN	Placing her hands on top his shoulders , she slid her wet pussy along his cock , coating him with her juices .
tr	NNS	The gold alone would fetch a thousand dollars or more .
tr	NN	" Whilst you were inside , I called the air traffic control tower .
tr	NNS	Ian nodded grudgingly , flushing slightly as he glanced in my direction - as if being so openly chastised might ruin his chances with me .
tr	NNS	" We had extra prayers and sacrifices when the harpy came but most people have been too frightened to come here lately .
tr	NN	The media may well have chosen a different phrase , if the latest victim had been a Muslim .
tr	NNS	By letting them live , I risk all the Reboots .
tr	NN	Their gnashing teeth and guttural , demonic growls send terror through every loft of her body .
tr	NNS	For mating , they do such activities , which make them vulnerable against predators .
tr	NN	It made a complete mockery of any punishment he 'd ever known .
tr	NNS	My cousin is dating Joe 's twin sisters who are dancers at the strip club .
tr	NN	Ghosts , you see , used the electricity that fed the lights as an energy source to materialize .
tr	NNS	The crime scene technicians had taken fingerprints from every surface Mark , or whoever the kidnapper was , might have touched .
tr	NN	As the door closed behind her , he hit the speed dial on his phone and waited , listening to the ringing sound in the earpiece .
tr	NN	26 July 1843 Same behaviour today .
tr	NNS	They called their ships , light ships .
tr	NNS	Miranda played scenarios through her mind .
tr	NN	" I lose my Superman status if I check out on you . "
tr	NNS	Did they have these parental meetings ?
tr	NN	He gave me his stern , ' knock it off ' look , and went back to studying the waves .
tr	NNS	They gathered up their backpacks and formed a line .
tr	NNS	" Veal and I own the timber rights on this property . "
tr	NN	It had held a treasure then , a promise , a dream .
tr	NN	Chapter Eighteen So how does one hide a crossbow in plain site ?
tr	NNS	Usually she had coffee cups , lipstick , powders , and other junk lying around .
tr	NNS	They blamed their doctors for continually writing prescriptions without any concern for how addictive the medication was . "
tr	NN	A last swipe cleared away the plastic ... And stole her breath .
tr	NNS	Enemies seek high offices !
tr	NN	She cut a sharp glare at him .
tr	NNS	He makes a thousand dollars a day . "
tr	NN	Now , he was staring at her standing before him , a wet linen clinging lovingly to her curves .
tr	NN	" No ship has an engineer .
tr	NNS	I preferred Chase Neal 's puppy dog boxers .
tr	NN	As the elevator opened at our floor , we both noticed a large package sitting by the door .
tr	NN	" You mean peek into our heads ? "
tr	NNS	" I will not hear your meager excuses .
tr	NN	I grabbed a wad of tissues and handed them to her .
tr	NN	Call it German efficiency .
tr	NN	Let the blood flow .
tr	NNS	But they certainly didn 't bring me regular meals that I ate on my own if that 's what you 're asking . "
tr	NNS	" It will be ok , " she promised fervently .
tr	NN	Which made a big assumption that he wanted her in his life , while also insinuating that this was a hard thing for her to say .
tr	NN	She 's offered no proof or anything .
tr	NN	" I got the impression we messed up somewhere , but I couldn 't get anything out of Gorman .
tr	NNS	We can 't watch over any sitting ducks .
tr	NN	As Ted retrieved his Colt , Melody picked up his backpack and knocked the dust off of it before handing it back to him .
tr	NN	His fingertips tapped a tune at the base of the phone , but Gene didn 't dial .
tr	NN	" And then , that baby , it came outta there . "
tr	NN	" I 'm offering you free ice cream . "
tr	NN	Loose newspapers littered the ally and were blowing around randomly creating an eerie setting .
tr	NNS	Mr. Chauffeur said something Japanese back , patting Sasuke on his shoulder , and they both laughed .
tr	NN	Moments later , he slipped a generous handful of sous into the man 's hand and was given admittance to the presumed cellar .
tr	NNS	We all have our talents and we 're just figuring out how we can use them to our advantage . "
tr	NN	Carly asked the editor of her column .
tr	NN	He examines the mini jukebox on the table .
tr	NN	She put the skillet down and removed the bottles from his hands , to be deposited promptly in the garbage .
tr	NNS	Wesley and I will reset the systems for takeoff . "
tr	NN	Just like the quilt hanging in that store window in town .
tr	NNS	They sow the seeds of discontent , hoping to lead you astray . '
tr	NNS	I can 't help but notice his bulging biceps again .
tr	NN	" How did you get the name Beast ? "
tr	NNS	If she was staying , she 'd need more funds , and she knew her last week 's paycheck would be in her mail by now .
tr	NNS	" I 'll make some sandwiches and a cake and meet you all at the restaurant at noon . "
tr	NN	Dorian gave him a comforting pat as the old man stood up .
tr	NN	Each time he removed a piece of wood , Jeff would pour some lime juice in the wound to try to disinfect it .
tr	NNS	Garrett turned the steaks , and they sizzled on the grill .
tr	NN	He 'd recognized her dodge .
tr	NN	Alongside it she set a tiny brownie .
tr	NNS	They shut their mouths .
tr	NN	So I only had one option and that was to crawl through no man 's land to try and find Roger .
tr	NN	The shot was still having an effect on her .
tr	NN	Callie held back a groan .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , they did not take the few coins I have left .
tr	NNS	Even being a militant feminist , her mother often solved many serious issues with the words " you need a man " .
tr	NN	I put the golf cart into park so I could respond .
tr	NNS	He didn 't like loud noises .
tr	NNS	Another day and he would not notice robots at all .
tr	NN	Markman took possession of the service and kept it .
tr	NNS	Through my own carelessness . "
tr	NNS	A smaller plate held raw vegetables and there was a bowl of fresh strawberries and blueberries for dessert .
tr	NN	Beau had his appointment with the neurosurgeon next week , and who knew how long he 'd need her services after that ?
tr	NN	What if he took my advice ?
tr	NNS	Jared , however , had enough connections to do whatever he set his mind to .
tr	NNS	We can either blow his brains out or drown him . "
tr	NNS	Nick took a few deep breaths , willing the cool night air to penetrate every forgotten fragment of his body .
tr	NNS	One species can , all by itself , produce infinite varieties of experiences .
tr	NNS	" We currently have ten contracts with local businesses .
tr	NNS	She dodged the busy crews with their bright lights and long cables .
tr	NN	Between us , we made a pact to seek the dawn before we turned completely .
tr	NN	He could not stand imprisonment .
tr	NNS	" We do not have enough points , and you need eighty-five to qualify for discharge . "
tr	NNS	" Both sides use bombs , but nuclear bombs are against the rules .
tr	NNS	When his morning chores were completed , he explored his surroundings and gathered whatever he needed .
tr	NNS	" Ten million dollars ? "
tr	NN	she asked the cop who sat behind the wheel , writing a report .
tr	NN	I ask Beast , who still hasn 't moved .
tr	NN	She should have had an ultrasound already , but she 'd been too busy with denial to do it .
tr	NN	He covered the uranium trial and has followed the appeals .
tr	NN	Baldwin puts the sugar cube jar back into the bag .
tr	NNS	In those days , they took trips together with her father .
tr	NN	I want that responsibility to be mine , not Rico 's .
tr	NN	I fend off the dog 's affection and roll over on the couch .
tr	NN	The baby was back , upset again and no doubt craving vanilla ice cream .
tr	NN	A few weeks after their fourth anniversary , Jim had a seizure on the way home from church and was rushed to the hospital .
tr	NNS	He 'd vowed centuries ago never to involve himself with another vain and selfish woman .
tr	NN	" Shall I , then , you insolent young pup ? "
tr	NN	The androids didn 't read human body language well or pick up on verbal cues .
tr	NNS	Maybe I didn 't understand the dynamics of their group yet , but it was obvious she regarded him as a leader and was insanely protective .
tr	NN	Graham ripped the tape from his side .
tr	NN	Severance felt his gut twist as she walked into the crowd of departing passengers .
tr	NNS	We both rock and jiggle in our seats as the bus slowly but noisily rumbles over the railway tracks of a level crossing .
tr	NNS	The Elders could continue their efforts to resurrect the Dead Worlds ( obviously in hopes they would become a future source of nourishment ) .
tr	NN	She checked the digital clock on her cell phone .
tr	NN	Then she took her dust rag and short handled duster and did the entire house including the pictures in the halls .
tr	NN	She had made all sail .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't take any chances until she was certain what she was dealing with .
tr	NN	I read some manuscript once , centuries ago , and laughed and laughed at the words in it .
tr	NN	Shane gave him a thumbs-up and a goofy grin .
tr	NNS	" Not someone that gives you crumbs of attention .
tr	NNS	I felt the hairs on the back of my neck prickle .
tr	NNS	Liz must not take any drugs - not of any kind .
tr	NNS	I can 't endure formalities right now .
tr	NN	" Jax , get your butt back over here ! "
tr	NNS	" I brought my own supplies . "
tr	NNS	They just handed out donations to local causes .
tr	NNS	Jason confirmed my suspicions , although I have to admit I would never have guessed you 'd agree to artificial insemination . "
tr	NNS	He took two deep breaths and asked her politely to repeat what she said .
tr	NNS	We have deer and raccoons and squirrels and a few resident seals that prefer the rocks along the north part of the island . "
tr	NNS	He has armies of dark beings at his command .
tr	NNS	He was invading all her senses , overpowering her with his sheer magnetism .
tr	NN	She unwrapped the towel from his waist and drew it open , exposing the steadily beating , hard as a rock , erection .
tr	NNS	Riley hadn 't missed any classes .
tr	NN	Fear raced up Kylie 's spine .
tr	NNS	Jamie spread her thighs as wide as they would go , leaning back into his hand so her ass was stretched wide for him .
tr	NN	He had a full beard .
tr	NNS	" Yep , like babies . "
tr	NN	Walking out of her bedroom , Kylie found Miranda pacing by the door .
tr	NNS	His mouth hovered inches from hers , so that she could feel the warmth of his breath on her skin .
tr	NN	Our wallpaper just had a yellowish film of cigarette smoke .
tr	NNS	So kick back , have a few cheap laughs and enjoy a light comedy with some really , really , really stupid jokes .
tr	NNS	Do you have issues with the industry ?
tr	NN	They probably won 't suspect the two dozen or more of the others either .
tr	NNS	When my lips parted on their own , my heart jumped three beats anticipating what would come next .
tr	NN	We dropped the topic of being together , probably because I was just so unsure .
tr	NN	She referenced her uniform and name tag .
tr	NN	I showed her the supply closet , where we stored everything right down to the tiny bottles of hair products and body lotions .
tr	NN	" You 've created this personality .
tr	NNS	Bowe compared the princess 's actions to those of the witch who 'd hurt his father .
tr	NNS	It had delicate silver curly bits on it .
tr	NNS	" I 'll get their numbers and call you right back . "
tr	NN	" You give me joy , Brother , for this is no trouble at all .
tr	NNS	" We 've had reports that an element in Daniel 's world has gotten wind of our plans and they don 't like it .
tr	NNS	But I have long since learned the errors of my way .
tr	NNS	" But with extraterritorial rights . "
tr	NNS	" The spiders I released into his cell last night have done wonders for his mental clarity . "
tr	NNS	Norwell again looked Fellows up and down , in the most condescending way possible .
tr	NNS	Conquered her defenses with gentle deliberation .
tr	NNS	Edward made enquiries but the University was as surprised at Edward 's interest as he at their indifference .
tr	NN	More like a lick of pain or regret , but then again , I was probably giving the douchebag more credit than he deserved .
tr	NN	I could see the shine of my ring under the lights .
tr	NN	He ordered a steak and baked potato and some sweet tea .
tr	NNS	Still , the excitement overcame any suspicions ; a travel companion would be most welcome , especially since Mac was on the other side of the world .
tr	NN	He started a new email and at Amy and how she hated emails .
tr	NNS	Grief hit her so hard , she felt dizzy .
tr	NNS	I saw chipped dishes in the stacks every time I ate at one of the buffets . "
tr	NN	They followed her instruction and remained silent .
tr	NN	I take no credit for that , save for an off-hand comment . "
tr	NN	They didn 't understand his attraction to trees .
tr	NNS	A beautiful cigar touches all my senses .
tr	NN	Security footage of the inside of the bank filled the left monitor .
tr	NN	He pitches a small toy out of the tub and , while you 're chasing it , a pitcher of water hits the floor .
tr	NN	This court will recognize Ms. Sheraton 's adult status without emancipation proceedings .
tr	NN	She zipped off an email lying about a terrible bout of the flu .
tr	NN	And of course , I meant OUR universe .
tr	NN	He can make his jewelry here .
tr	NN	He touched each item in turn and confirmed that they were all magical in some way , and that it was not bad magic .
tr	NNS	I 've been managing some apartments , and the tizzy people get into if someone uses their parking space ! "
tr	NNS	But there is so much to do : cigarettes to smoke , sex to have , swings to swing on .
tr	NNS	We can indeed absorb abilities of other beings .
tr	NN	You had faith in yourself , and it led you to victory .
tr	NN	From the beginning he had struck a chord in her that no one else had ever touched .
tr	NN	" You mustn 't confuse one vengeful scientist with the men of the Earth as a whole , Dr. Denison .
tr	NNS	Mitchell saw the banked emerald fires leaping dangerously into flames in her eyes , and he deliberately threw verbal gasoline at her .
tr	NNS	The men in the group wore formal dinner suits , adding style and class to the festive evening .
tr	NN	He was already pulling the whip from his belt .
tr	NN	He didn 't - thankfully - engage his Talent .
tr	NN	" You have great faith in this person . "
tr	NN	" You play flag football ? "
tr	NNS	I paused two beats , let it sink in .
tr	NNS	Anticipation would only heighten the senses .
tr	NNS	He created kingdoms , and then destroyed them as he made the world anew .
tr	NNS	The fact that he was standing here waiting for Joan to arrive as a Northern High School basketball player spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Finding no problems , the doctor signed his medical document and stamped it with a blue seal .
tr	NNS	They were treading dangerous waters .
tr	NN	" The Assassins obey only his command now . "
tr	NN	But it hadn 't taken a brain surgeon to figure out why .
tr	NNS	He 'd stuffed his pockets full of rifle rounds .
tr	NN	And he felt the urge to touch it , see if it was as soft as it looked .
tr	NNS	" So how do you find Rags ? "
tr	NN	He gripped the hilt of his sword and tried to pull it without taking his eyes of the fierce creature .
tr	NN	" When I 'm here I can remember every detail .
tr	NNS	He had told the doctors that he was trying to fix a recurring pain in his ankle , and he got carried away with a knife .
tr	NN	Lily 's blond hair now had a pink stripe running down one side , her sweatshirt cut out at the neckline and hanging off one shoulder .
tr	NN	" When humans climb mountains , they tie a rope around themselves that connects them to their buddy .
tr	NNS	Teams of musketeers stormed houses after houses , clearing it from partisans firing at royalist soldiers through windows .
tr	NN	Jo Beth allowed no refusal .
tr	NNS	They had three cats .
tr	NN	She tore the package with her teeth and rolled it on , like someone who had had a lot of practice , before sliding down on me .
tr	NNS	She had added the 1-meter bits to her equipment that morning , anticipating geological sampling later in the day .
tr	NN	The crickets and all the other myriad bugs of Louisiana were having a concert in the woods that bordered the property .
tr	NNS	Get your slippers on and come into the kitchen . "
tr	NNS	In less than two weeks , the Hunters had lost two original members .
tr	NN	She 'd had a nice condo on the club 's property , completely paid for , but after Jace 's death , she moved out .
tr	NNS	Her family still had not fully decoded the recent changes and was reluctantly excepting the new reality of a different type of Thanksgiving .
tr	NNS	But he also knew her priorities and he 'd respect them even if it killed him .
tr	NN	Nicolas looked off the balcony .
tr	NN	Their leader carried the prince 's treasure .
tr	NNS	" That lion dude bullshit was giving me fits . "
tr	NNS	The Observer program has made great discoveries in this area .
tr	NN	In the center of the palace grounds , a kid would tame a bull with a snap of his fingers .
tr	NNS	I press my palms harder into my knee caps .
tr	NNS	The King hadn 't made any excuses when she 'd hurled her accusations at him , but his behavior belied them all the same .
tr	NN	They ended the evening swearing at each other , and Hal left in the dead of night , slamming the door behind him as he went .
tr	NNS	have various addresses and phone numbers for him , but it could take hours to track him down .
tr	NNS	Jeff pulled out his compass .
tr	NN	' If I want to , I can find anybody .
tr	NNS	It made her nauseous to see them together .
tr	NN	You should write poetry .
tr	NN	Moving down the maze of stairs into the day .
tr	NNS	Yet the tropical rain forests had spawned most new life forms , including man .
tr	NNS	She took 10 deep breaths , then turned and faced the house .
tr	NNS	I gathered my reins and my focus .
tr	NN	It made a soft , touchable covering for the ripples and ridges of his hard , developed muscles .
tr	NN	Hart traced the lettering of his son 's name with gloved fingertips .
tr	NNS	Give me some safety goggles . "
tr	NN	I swallowed the lump forming in my throat .
tr	NNS	He had once served murderers and madmen who claimed to act in God 's name .
tr	NN	Although she didn 't know how she was going to get home , she had faith that she would find a way ... eventually .
tr	NN	I grab a pen and simultaneously start writing as I wipe away smudged tears off of the paper .
tr	NN	Excitement combined with nervousness was a sign of indecision on her part , provoking a quality that some might have understood as weakness .
tr	NN	" Shiv , you know , I have an afterthought .
tr	NNS	What foreign lands do they dream of visiting ? "
tr	NNS	Remember those silver space panels ? "
tr	NN	Hacking Scott 's body to pieces and feeding them to the fish in Lake Michigan was too lenient a punishment .
tr	NNS	I felt her breasts pushing into me , and as a result felt how heavy her breathing had grown .
tr	NNS	She skinned her palms , scrubbed her knees hard against the bricks , and whacked the back of her head on the bottom of the door .
tr	NN	That much ; and wiped clean out the very meaning , the pith , the central knot , of the whole tale .
tr	NNS	The wizard raised the bands above the Queens and the room began to silence .
tr	NN	" I just had the strangest run-in . "
tr	NN	But , out in space , a moderately powerful magician took pity on this poor soul , though it was not usually his habit to do so .
tr	NNS	Some articles mention developments in industrialisation but others speak of advancements in biological science .
tr	NNS	He spread out the two business cards these men had given him .
tr	NN	Just a bit of personal contact could stop this endless torment .
tr	NN	Ruth did not question the denial , only remaining more vigilant .
tr	NNS	" We can buy more dishes later . "
tr	NN	After their shower , Katherine grabbed a towel and dried them both off .
tr	NN	You know the drill , two lines . "
tr	NN	" I plead the fifth on that .
tr	NN	" Go away you mutated Mog . "
tr	NN	" I can offer you a remedy for that , at any rate .
tr	NN	The men pushed her cart through two large swinging doors at the end of the hallway and into a large , dark room .
tr	NNS	she asked the giants .
tr	NNS	She 's one of those people like ... actors .
tr	NNS	" I understand the personal history issues .
tr	NN	" Of all the recruits , you 've seen the most combat .
tr	NNS	We can 't access the top floors , so it makes sense .
tr	NN	He liked proof , and all the evidence had pointed to her being a less than reputable woman .
tr	NN	We 're so far up , if it wasn 't a little too dark , I could probably see the whole valley from up here .
tr	NNS	In a matter of hours the sounds of the march alerted sentries watching the horizon from our mountain fortress .
tr	NN	Come on , say it , say another little word , ugly old witch .
tr	NNS	For reassurance , she touched the two small canisters of pepper spray tucked safely beside the bug spray in the belt loops beneath her jacket .
tr	NNS	Many of the governments on Earth had made secret arrangements behind their citizens ' backs with their galactic neighbors .
tr	NNS	Jake had previously held no desires to sell the property until tonight .
tr	NN	And then I lost consciousness -- and by lost consciousness , I mean Ida woke up and asserted her dominance .
tr	NNS	The scent of jasmine filled his senses and for a moment he belonged to her .
tr	NN	She downed the cocktail in one .
tr	NNS	" You 'll be safe enough in my mist ; I 've carried others this way , " Ashe reassured the adults .
tr	NN	He deserves a better fate than turning vampire and being hated and feared by the world .
tr	NNS	" Oh posh , how much harm could she have done ? "
tr	NNS	Julie searched her pockets for the phone , but had no luck .
tr	NN	Cade fought the sudden urge to turn around .
tr	NNS	Dan had instincts and he knew he was right , so sure that he used every free minute he had to excavate the man 's past .
tr	NN	He felt the sweetness again and was glad that they were getting together the next night .
tr	NN	Strange as it seems almost everyone I passed was wearing a white towel .
tr	NN	" So you 're running the orientation ? "
tr	NNS	Genevieve and Riley took their backpacks into the family room .
tr	NNS	You were setting out candles ? "
tr	NNS	She blitzed her classes and received praise from many of her teachers for her progress over the course of the term .
tr	NN	" Oh , I look a fright .
tr	NN	Something that cut him every time he 'd heard that desperate keening .
tr	NNS	When she got home , of course , she would drag out her magazines .
tr	NNS	We got the points in this one .
tr	NN	He felt no superiority .
tr	NNS	They 'd passed a few quiet farm houses and had seen plenty of cows , sheep , and horses .
tr	NNS	Because I swear I noticed runes on some of their frames . "
tr	NN	Either he really took that oath seriously , or he really didn 't want to deal with the consequences of a dead cult leader .
tr	NN	I can 't catch the bull .
tr	NNS	She clearly had been reading too many crazy novels .
tr	NN	Rick noted the expensive furniture and the original native art on most of the walls .
tr	NNS	Front articulated wheels and double fixed rear axles with a great metal arch between the front and back .
tr	NN	Did he accept his well-deserved punishment ? "
tr	NN	Apparently , they were having a disagreement and had proceeded to shove play money down each other 's shirts while yelling .
tr	NNS	Jin and Saga were gathering supplies .
tr	NNS	I spread my palms over his bare biceps .
tr	NN	But Europeans have an oddly different attitude about the whole thing .
tr	NNS	" Not while I 'm blocking any prayers from leaving this place . "
tr	NN	It 's called denial , Jack .
tr	NNS	On the table in front of them he could see the long-dead remains of a meal and half a dozen empty glasses .
tr	NNS	I flew up and down the lab aisles while students prepared to dissect frogs .
tr	NNS	Fortunately for him , he had more than enough assets to pull off his minimalist approach .
tr	NN	The foreman wheeled up another huge canvas basket to Joe B. and announced gruffly , " Sort these . "
tr	NN	Underneath that crazy knot you cal hair , al us guys know you 're real y a girl , and we want you to be happy . "
tr	NN	He gripped his host 's manhood mockingly .
tr	NNS	I 'll give you the drugs when you give me my girl . "
tr	NN	I often had this effect on neighborhood dogs .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves were recovering their senses .
tr	NN	You show great potential as a warrior .
tr	NN	Closed like a vise .
tr	NN	Turning around , I saw her motioning toward the running , but decidedly empty treadmill .
tr	NNS	" I 've made some modifications . "
tr	NNS	CHAPTER 9 I slip off the stage and rush at him , darting around empty chairs and tables .
tr	NN	His brother never told anybody , not even their parents .
tr	NN	Warm air on moist skin had an electrifying effect , and she gasped .
tr	NNS	I craved rituals and monuments , and maps of meaning .
tr	NN	She had a breakfast platter in front of her : eggs , pancakes , sausage , hash browns , along with juice and coffee .
tr	NN	Most speak the same language as me , but the accents aren 't familiar .
tr	NN	Nick watched the color drain from her face and wondered if she would faint .
tr	NNS	You have no natural defenses against them . "
tr	NN	Seeing Jaime 's name made her throat pinch .
tr	NNS	She ran her fingernails down his back , very lightly , but he reared up , an inarticulate cry tearing from his throat .
tr	NNS	This one brings crates of medical supplies and a crew of six medics - I can tell by their distinctive white outfits .
tr	NNS	In the wake of darkness , she allowed her fears of being defeated to morph into the unimaginable .
tr	NNS	Photos of the robbers graced the pages of the Sacramento paper .
tr	NNS	The blue-eyed one who wants to kill Hit is named Grubbs .
tr	NN	" Got ta have a seamless transition .
tr	NNS	" Most of the ship 's sensors bypass the Ox circuits .
tr	NN	" I asked the jeweler what kind of ring could be worn while scaling down the side of a building and this is what he suggested . "
tr	NN	" I hadn 't planned a proposal or bought a ring . "
tr	NNS	Of course , Esmeralda and Robert chose lockers next to each other , so that they could talk between classes , conspiring and coordinating .
tr	NNS	" You 're using balloons ? "
tr	NNS	" We ran the plates . "
tr	NNS	I dropped the plates onto the table .
tr	NNS	I read the lyrics and looked at the musical notes . "
tr	NNS	Milton only had bed pans on his mind but he didn 't bring it up as to give away any ideas .
tr	NN	They discussed the status of the servers holding the data for her project .
tr	NN	I watched Tara 's face crumple , an apology forming in her gaze .
tr	NNS	" And why not , " mumbled Terrance , " that is , if you 've got a couple hundred thousand extra bucks in your pocket ? "
tr	NNS	I fired two shots in quick succession .
tr	NN	He removed his cap and jacket and hung them on the rack .
tr	NNS	I have a couple dollars in my wallet and the clothes on my back .
tr	NN	Get the fuck out . "
tr	NN	Because I really liked the locker room version .
tr	NN	It had expected resistance .
tr	NN	Nicolas hastened a low groan .
tr	NNS	Instantly , the computer-controlled elevator ignored all requests from other tenants , including those presently aboard .
tr	NNS	She 'd heard pretty lies and even blatant force .
tr	NN	I saw his tongue flatten inside his ruined mouth against the teeth .
tr	NNS	I turned off the windshield wipers .
tr	NN	Name one other Watermelon Queen who broke two hearts twelve years apart while wearing the same darn dress .
tr	NNS	I didn 't do any drugs .
tr	NNS	He pulled out the intestines like they were spaghetti ! "
tr	NN	At a loss as to what to say next , she pushed the menu back to me .
tr	NNS	" All those who live here take their obligations seriously . "
tr	NNS	And I have six ships and you only have one .
tr	NNS	But his flashlight had caught reddish brown stains on the roadside just as the road made a sharp curve .
tr	NNS	I made no sudden movements as I put on a shirt and pulled on my socks and boots .
tr	NN	Nurse Crowley enters my room backwards , pulling a cart full of dirty dishes through the door .
tr	NN	It is like reciting poetry .
tr	NN	" Yummy kinds that crunch . "
tr	NN	Then Cassidy found the treasure that had been hidden by Lia and Thera , the Black Widow who had been Lia 's closest friend .
tr	NNS	Dad rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	Adonis put down his menu and was staring at a full-sized statue of Captain Morgan as if mesmerized .
tr	NNS	" Nicodemus covered his tracks this morning by burning down the building you 'd been in .
tr	NN	I 've carried cargo that 's paid better than those sensors will . "
tr	NN	He twirled his shovel .
tr	NN	He couldn 't imagine her torment , knowing her mother was willing to dig out her own daughter 's skeletons to get what she wanted .
tr	NNS	She braced her palms against the bed in an effort to keep from falling .
tr	NNS	We don 't know much about psychic genetics , but it 's a good bet their offspring will be talented , too .
tr	NNS	It outlined my fingernails and was splattered on my palms .
tr	NN	I saw the jealousy pouring off of her as she spoke .
tr	NNS	' Pull his insides out through his nose and paint him with eyeliner ! '
tr	NN	And gotten a toy . " '
tr	NN	Not too many people could make that claim .
tr	NN	Just a few weeks after she gave me that bird .
tr	NNS	Zack 's face spoke volumes to Fintan .
tr	NN	That night we have a concert at the park ; Chloe and Javier want to see what my range is and how I affect people .
tr	NN	He raised the rifle .
tr	NN	I 'd heard a rumor the humans were working on a vaccine to prevent Rebooting .
tr	NN	She had Ivy 's little clipping with her and paused to reread it now and again .
tr	NNS	We can talk figures later .
tr	NNS	Liz felt her thighs pressing together , recapturing the sensations of last night when he 'd ... ' And wear stockings , ' he continued .
tr	NN	" Have a private celebration if you know what I mean . "
tr	NNS	We used mirrors and the sun to warm up the baby formula the best we could .
tr	NN	And no , you don 't get credit for being the only person in this room besides me who 's still wearing a shirt . "
tr	NNS	" Don 't make excuses , or give me reasons why we can 't do this .
tr	NN	Johnny never could have afforded the tuition and other expenses on his own , and there hadn 't been any scholarships .
tr	NNS	You can 't get these supplies unless you take them from a colony . "
tr	NN	So you spring your trap , knock them out -- however you need to do it -- and bring them to me .
tr	NN	Wordless I watched the curl of incense waft up into the air beneath the shuttered window .
tr	NNS	Now we have two anemic pools of yellow-green light .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to shake or slap her .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , I 'm getting its shots this week . "
tr	NN	He hadn 't taken Susan 's devotion seriously , and look what had happened there .
tr	NN	She twisted her hair around her hand , looked at it , then folded a large clip into her hand .
tr	NN	I felt her sniffle .
tr	NNS	I have other versions of it , but I like that one the best .
tr	NN	He felt Solange 's sharp intake of breath .
tr	NN	The Captain dropped the sail completely and allowed the ship to coast to a halt .
tr	NN	" I 've used my talent to trap you in the twilight zone between sleep and wakefulness .
tr	NNS	To reading all the beauty magazines .
tr	NNS	Nicole took several shallow breaths , then several longer ones .
tr	NN	And it had had the desired effect on Miss. .
tr	NN	After this , the erstwhile enemies exchanged dental chocolate .
tr	NN	He petted the little dragon , who bumped his nose against James 's hand , and then lowered his head directly to sleep .
tr	NN	I have a bath already drawn for you . "
tr	NN	I prefer siding to roofing , though .
tr	NNS	" Oh gods . "
tr	NN	I offer all the sarcastic inflection I can muster .
tr	NNS	And it will involve a few lies .
tr	NNS	" Then we just take our chances , right ?
tr	NNS	" Go help the babies and be grateful I don 't hook you . "
tr	NNS	" You knew your strengths , but you didn 't know your weakness . "
tr	NN	The Nephilim have no pity . "
tr	NN	A shiver slips down my spine .
tr	NN	Smiling at the unexpected connection , I find what I 'm looking for : a notepad and pen .
tr	NN	" I had my good Sharps rifle , and I set right there in the doorway and wouldn 't budge none .
tr	NN	Would accept no other possibility .
tr	NN	He read the file twice quickly , and then settled on a few of the key pages .
tr	NN	Because of her circumstances , Julie was given the privilege of a private room .
tr	NN	It got Editor 's Choice in the ' What to Buy When Rich Uncle Sidney Dies " category !
tr	NN	Suddenly , they heard the howling .
tr	NN	" Thank goodness it only took me two visits to get her to accept my dinner invitation .
tr	NN	Imagine afterlife as part of a skeleton chandelier .
tr	NN	" What if he had a motorcycle instead of a car ? "
tr	NN	Besides , maybe she 'd accept his peace offering and some of her anger with him would ease .
tr	NN	he heard a shout coming from behind them .
tr	NNS	She had her sisters in her corner to keep her strong .
tr	NN	A collection of guitar picks line the far dresser and there is a pile of my boots in the corner .
tr	NNS	She could only feel drops of tears falling down her eyes .
tr	NNS	" Kathleen - " Her eyes shuttered like clouds in front of his windscreen blocking the sky .
tr	NNS	I snuck along the shrubs , sprinted to the side of the house , and held my breath .
tr	NN	He feels his own dignity acutely but has little time for the dignity of others .
tr	NNS	" As long as I can keep my daggers . "
tr	NN	I had a task to perform .
tr	NN	Whatever line James was toeing , he might as well have taken a giant leap across it .
tr	NNS	Gregor looked over the supplies and thought about Boots wailing for food and water in the jungle .
tr	NNS	I see more great deeds in store for you .
tr	NN	She turned a narrow glare on Tom .
tr	NN	" Call my lawyer , get Sophie ! "
tr	NNS	Maybe she was making excuses to herself -- a coward giving herself a get out -- but that was how she felt .
tr	NNS	" Okay , " I handed Smith the bucks .
tr	NN	Tell the pro the course is closed until further notice .
tr	NNS	" Still , I have numbness and weakness , tremors - " " It 's still too early to predict a final prognosis .
tr	NNS	" Did you get that drivel from one of them psychology magazines ? "
tr	NNS	Picked up your numbers like Einstein .
tr	NN	He lifted the sphere cautiously to his nose .
tr	NN	He owns the range where James Barr went to shoot .
tr	NN	You 'd have been monitoring the dating pool non-stop . "
tr	NNS	Maybe she had more brains in her pretty head than I gave her credit for .
tr	NN	I would die a hero .
tr	NN	" Now , where did I put that butter ? "
tr	NN	I watched his jaw clench as I felt his fingers brush over my cheek and stroke downward .
tr	NN	Since Moody could not draw out more details from Riley , the things she had been told in confidence had the potential to hurt everyone involved .
tr	NN	" Maybe we got another leak somewhere . "
tr	NNS	" And if he leaves us burned and broken , like those boards ?
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths while she waited .
tr	NN	Apparently her hatred of them took priority over the feelings of her sons . "
tr	NN	He slapped my cop on the shoulder and called a goodbye to Lois , who was speaking into her headset and typing at her computer .
tr	NNS	Jase smiled and pulled back the covers .
tr	NNS	Martha rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	He does not want those elements to be found .
tr	NNS	At the moment I am protecting the rights of hunters . "
tr	NNS	Some windows in the upper floors had little roofs of their own .
tr	NNS	" Are we giving baseball signals so he 'll know what I find ? "
tr	NN	I give him a salute and even return his smile , which feels like maybe something new for me .
tr	NN	For a second , she admired Megan 's loyalty to her friend .
tr	NNS	She 'd picked up all the spilled pots and made sure as much of the red brew was salvaged as was possible .
tr	NN	I 'll be needing an assistant , a traveling companion to keep things in order .
tr	NN	He stifled a muttered oath and went back to sawing on his meat .
tr	NNS	I drink two cups every day .
tr	NN	She can 't afford the court-ordered social worker . "
tr	NN	He gave me the spelling of the term , but he wouldn 't tell me anything else . "
tr	NNS	Besides , Mamma is taking medical and food supplies to Aunt Teresa . "
tr	NN	Madeline had already found the mysterious locked drawer and was busily combing through it .
tr	NN	He tore the towel in half and gave me a piece of it .
tr	NNS	If so , they would have the roads covered .
tr	NNS	Clarence hadn 't had all his wits about him even then and hadn 't questioned how his son had returned home after ten years without aging .
tr	NN	She saw the sincerity in his gaze , read the determination in the hard lines of his face .
tr	NN	So you laid a trap for him ? "
tr	NN	" I like privacy . "
tr	NN	" Escape plan number thirty-seven : Go to New Orleans and sell overpriced Mardi Gras beads to unsuspecting tourists .
tr	NNS	The guns on Morro switched targets and there was a splash 200 yards from the ship .
tr	NN	With a nod of acknowledgment , Parker caught the doorknob and pulled the door shut .
tr	NN	Remember the video we saw where Taylor went to the future and the Earth was a cinder ?
tr	NNS	Without her he had no ties .
tr	NN	But , he never , ever slurred his speech , let alone wrecked his car .
tr	NN	Deadly or not , she 'd had the misfortune to discover that karate went only so far against guns .
tr	NNS	" You took drugs ? "
tr	NN	" Well , Hammond has a file all right .
tr	NN	Cain didn 't understand hunger .
tr	NNS	Tanner knocked back the dregs of his coffee , then smiled , lifting his empty cup .
tr	NN	The phone company marked the cell phone 's location on a large-scale city map and faxed it to Emerson .
tr	NNS	In their travels , they gathered together more supplies they would need for their journey .
tr	NN	" Oh and Antony ... " He glared sullenly at me once more .
tr	NNS	To each country we 'll only give them the safe areas on their own land and they can decide from there .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , I had breasts !
tr	NNS	" I have heard many reports from a variety of perspectives , and have gotten a sense for what is straightforward and what requires more investigation . "
tr	NNS	The baby and how it affects your body saturates my senses .
tr	NNS	Angels don 't really understand human hearts , no .
tr	NNS	Katherine sat resting against Loretta watching Tom Cruise on the screen but thinking of Calvin .
tr	NN	In a series of brilliant speeches , distributed virally by the Internet , he turns the tide .
tr	NN	I loved the clinic .
tr	NN	Sinclair handed Eleanor the umbrella and moved to assist .
tr	NNS	She presses her palms together .
tr	NN	Halfway through the meal Corrie couldn 't stand the suspense anymore .
tr	NNS	Mr Hughes made further positive noises to Rick and the meeting came to an end .
tr	NNS	Gary raised his palms as if Janelle were pointing a gun at him , glancing at the row of ruined houses .
tr	NN	You left the pub at eleven thirty ... " I nod .
tr	NNS	Claudia was voicing out my own fears and I didn 't have an answer to any of the questions she was throwing my way .
tr	NNS	In case you haven 't noticed , we 've had several contracts pulled . "
tr	NN	Secretly I hadn 't minded the banter between us yesterday .
tr	NN	Before turning on to the main runway Connie stopped the aircraft to do his final engine checks .
tr	NNS	His whiskers scratched her palms as she brought his face to hers and kissed him long and hard on the mouth .
tr	NN	I did a favor for your queen and I need some help with it now . "
tr	NN	I was wearing an ivory gown adorned with white pearls and lace .
tr	NNS	Hermes doesn 't have quick reaction engines .
tr	NN	" I love your jealousy . "
tr	NNS	The old men told cautionary tales and tales about animals who behaved like human beings but with more wisdom .
tr	NNS	But sometimes such a disorder generated miracles .
tr	NNS	" Check your packs . "
tr	NN	He grabs my hip and turns us to the side .
tr	NN	Jax felt nuance of her body , every muscle that tightened and pulsed , contracted and released , the ebb and flow of her as she came .
tr	NNS	" I made the shelves . "
tr	NNS	I use da data to interpolate possible gap dat day represent .
tr	NN	She could smell Nikki 's sweet vanilla musk as she stared up into those beautiful , icy eyes .
tr	NN	I have a new toy , and I 've been itching to try it out on you . "
tr	NNS	Her heightened senses and even being able to see more clearly in the dark .
tr	NNS	And they 'd tap their noses , knowingly .
tr	NNS	Seeing him standing there , checking himself in the side mirror of his truck , set off the butterflies in her stomach .
tr	NNS	" I love your blushes .
tr	NNS	God did not perform such miracles in her experience .
tr	NNS	" Happy birthday ... " she feels numbness inside her heart rather than happiness .
tr	NNS	" You shouldn 't have stopped the drugs .
tr	NNS	With his wife on his left arm and the drink in his right hand , he can 't very well return the thumbs up .
tr	NN	Like I said , you have potential ; you just need to work it . "
tr	NNS	Cale was singing my lyrics and I couldn 't contain my smile or my energy .
tr	NN	" Hmm , we wouldn 't bring a Subject like him any more .
tr	NNS	Selena shuffled her cards .
tr	NNS	They hunt down murderers . "
tr	NN	By the time my feet hit the pavement the roof of the duplex was falling inward .
tr	NN	He gave me an annoyed glare .
tr	NNS	They had cover positions to hide their affiliation with their organization .
tr	NN	Ridge gave a snort .
tr	NNS	She could have parlayed her connections into a position of power , but she hadn 't .
tr	NNS	The poison damages their brains ... " ' Now we drink , ' Ishmael said .
tr	NNS	They searched their areas and found no responsive humans .
tr	NNS	Bob didn 't discount his own talents .
tr	NN	I feel the echo of his presence , but I can 't tell where he is . "
tr	NN	And he pushed that last vote hard because he wanted to protect you from Mickey . "
tr	NNS	I have apartments in several cities in Europe and New York . "
tr	NNS	Leave all the systems as they are . "
tr	NN	He positions the shoe on the floor , and I step into it .
tr	NN	My snark had no effect on him .
tr	NNS	A man standing in her room watched the dead adults , stunted to see her just as she was to see him .
tr	NN	Anna almost spat out a mouthful of pear .
tr	NNS	I 'd learned some new powers , but nothing that could defend me or my loved ones against an attack like that .
tr	NN	He saw the tail slice by and realized the fish was longer than the boat -- more than twelve feet .
tr	NN	" We were just discussing the status of the plan , now that both our employer and our army are gone . "
tr	NN	Frank couldn 't resist the musk or the pain anymore and passed out into a blissful rest .
tr	NNS	Fishing boats dotted the thawing waters along the peninsula that led to the Aleutian Islands .
tr	NNS	He had seen his last visions .
tr	NN	By the day of the Queen 's Race , she 'll be tying her ribbon on his sleeve and cheering for him .
tr	NNS	About a third of the way down the list had tick marks , letters he 'd already written .
tr	NNS	I 'd rather take my chances getting shot down flying away from here and go out in a ball of flames like a real warrior .
tr	NNS	I 've no desires to become a flapper . "
tr	NN	She picked the largest needle in the pack , which was still too small for the job , and threaded the eye .
tr	NNS	He put his palms together and looked upward .
tr	NNS	That includes members of this crew . "
tr	NN	He leaped off the branch and quickly slid down the tree , feet and hands both tightly against the tree bark .
tr	NNS	I didn 't mind those folks getting the money , though .
tr	NN	She meant her offering .
tr	NN	* * * When the conference had filed out , General G. rose to his feet and stretched and gave a loud controlled yawn .
tr	NN	Chills went down her spine as she heard the sexy timber of Gray 's voice on the other end .
tr	NN	* * * Alexa had a blast on the ice .
tr	NN	On his chest I recognized the insignia of a captain .
tr	NN	He re-read the email : Calling in a favour ( or " favor " , if you prefer ) .
tr	NN	As if I am being pulled into Elise 's imagination , I hear the splashing of someone running through the water .
tr	NNS	Terry had freckles and an open , all-American face .
tr	NN	It struck a chord .
tr	NN	Man , I want California barbecue !
tr	NNS	Max , Jess and Carly just stared daggers at me but I didn 't care .
tr	NN	Jason removed his vest and dropped his shorts before running stark naked down to the beach .
tr	NNS	He wanted the bombs to go off .
tr	NNS	" So we strip the control cables from the main console , and extend them back towards your little contraption - " " Exactly . "
tr	NNS	I don 't want the childish arguments and I don 't want to give up doing all of the things I love to do .
tr	NNS	I 'd had several lovers in my life , but Jackson had erased every memory of them the moment he walked into my bedroom .
tr	NN	Weapons struck the massive statue harmlessly , as if the ceramic warriors were attempting to kill a mountain .
tr	NN	" Mr. Paul , you have more detail than I included in my debriefing reports .
tr	NN	" Whatever the reason , I owe them a debt of gratitude .
tr	NN	Leopold whispered a quick prayer for protection and stepped out .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NN	I slid my rifle from beneath my cot and slung it around my shoulder before heading out .
tr	NN	So ... how does a liar and a possible arsonist have enough credibility to convince you that you need to arrest Levi ? "
tr	NNS	He could use his powers to take them from the car to the bed , but that would be really stupid .
tr	NNS	" Intense heat is preventing fire crews from entering Pioneer Labs .
tr	NN	Judith elbowed Marnie playfully in the ribs while she spoke .
tr	NNS	" Maybe they 'll have waffles . "
tr	NN	Leclerc picked up the radiation detector and followed Falconer .
tr	NN	I felt his emotions flood against mine .
tr	NN	Sabbath blinked and offered a snicker , as if he 'd consented to the marching orders .
tr	NNS	' You get benefits ? '
tr	NNS	" Victoria , you completely misunderstand my motivations .
tr	NNS	Each precious second he used to decide increased the chances that both decisions would be wrong .
tr	NN	She threw the iron rod onto the floor and strode out of the cell .
tr	NN	Each batch of deaths has overwhelming proof of crimes against children at the scene .
tr	NNS	They had totally separate interests .
tr	NN	" You and Andrew have exchanged frequent email in the last several years .
tr	NNS	Taking each bottle out of the cabinet one at a time , he read the labels by the tiny power light on his toothbrush .
tr	NN	His mouth followed the perfection of her skin down her throat and across her collarbone .
tr	NNS	I explained the good marks by saying my father had been best friends with the headmaster of my old school .
tr	NNS	Somebody 's got microphones in half the hotel rooms on the planet and spy planes checking out the license plates of cars in Yemen .
tr	NNS	That broke our hearts .
tr	NN	Gram noticed the now purple knot on my head .
tr	NNS	He pulled his fangs from her neck and swiped his finger over it .
tr	NNS	Amazingly , I didn 't feel nauseous anymore .
tr	NNS	She approached the houses .
tr	NNS	Without actually having any real talent himself , he milked the strengths of others .
tr	NNS	" He mentioned your psychic abilities .
tr	NN	Most importantly , we couldn 't hear any machinery operating which was a bad sign .
tr	NN	I saw the angst in everyone ; I could especially feel it in myself .
tr	NNS	Maggie twisted her braids into a bun then reached into her purse for a butterfly hair clip to hold her bun in place .
tr	NN	tugging the final stitch .
tr	NN	To each crime its own punishment . "
tr	NN	The shells would have no effect on them .
tr	NNS	I have very few personal items , and all of them are hidden away in my bedroom .
tr	NNS	I end up just under ten inches tall .
tr	NNS	In two corners there were rounded mirrors .
tr	NN	He still felt an affinity for his Brothers , but even they could not truly understand his wonderful and perplexing situation .
tr	NNS	There she pulled out several packs and their old gear .
tr	NNS	Together they hurried the last couple hundred yards , racing as radiation rose in the tunnel .
tr	NNS	" Well ... " Her smile turned sly .
tr	NN	" I fund your clinic . "
tr	NN	The doctor pointed out the spine , the arms and legs and electronically measured each .
tr	NNS	Trust your own instincts . "
tr	NNS	, so witches don 't have leaders , do they ?
tr	NN	They just didn 't have the talent to send back .
tr	NNS	Sacrifice could restore her sisters to life , and as far as destinies went , she was honored by hers .
tr	NNS	She tossed his glowing references in the trash .
tr	NN	" I feel pity for the man who gets in your way . "
tr	NN	He 'd never had an animal clan that he belonged to .
tr	NN	Cassius wouldn 't be storming the castle on his white horse with his steel sword raised .
tr	NNS	I only told the doctors at the mental hospital .
tr	NNS	Ruben rubs his temples .
tr	NN	Judson watched the coffee drip into the pot as if the machine was a crystal ball that would reveal secrets .
tr	NN	" Nothing , I expected barbed wire or something with chains . "
tr	NNS	" Unless you are having a litter , Princess Meredith , you can 't have three fathers . "
tr	NNS	I have waited centuries to find you .
tr	NNS	He slipped his thumbs not just into his pants but also into his boxers .
tr	NNS	You 've raised their suspicions . "
tr	NNS	They parked the trailers in a neat little row right above the frigging steam tunnel ! "
tr	NN	The servant displayed the illustration .
tr	NN	Helga climbs off her bunk and steps over to me as soon as I walk in the door of the slave quarters .
tr	NNS	For a dog , he had good instincts .
tr	NNS	Walter gathered the cups .
tr	NN	' We know , ' sternly replied a puppet the boys took to be a beautiful yet evil witch .
tr	NN	Dreamer averted her gaze , not answering .
tr	NNS	Between the creaky sign and the empty house behind him he was getting the creeps .
tr	NN	Gee set the fork down in her bowl and sighed .
tr	NN	At that point I had a chilling realization , one that stood the fine hairs on my arms .
tr	NN	I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NN	Every step she took conveyed nervous agitation .
tr	NN	He could design an experiment in Chemistry lesson which was not yet even taught by the teacher .
tr	NNS	" They would give you nightmares . "
tr	NNS	Thank heavens she 'd thought to indulge in pink satin after her shower .
tr	NN	He bore a strong resemblance to the grinning man .
tr	NNS	He didn 't want any surprises .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen ships , and loved them , from an early age .
tr	NN	" I don 't want any more argument .
tr	NNS	Laura poured three equal shots , and replaced the bottle carefully in the box .
tr	NN	The man was wearing a backpack .
tr	NN	I had a sudden urge to run even as Tony and Desmond appeared from the crowd and headed in our direction .
tr	NNS	I love bats too .
tr	NN	They 'd left the reception , where their friends and families were dancing and laughing , to come to Travis 's study .
tr	NNS	But in corridor after corridor , he encountered servants or courtiers who had already left the party .
tr	NN	They have no other protection .
tr	NN	He kissed the dagger when he handed it to me , and went back inside the manor house , and barred the door .
tr	NNS	Without resentment or complaint , she 'd cooked her husband 's meals , cleaned his home and raised his children .
tr	NNS	I muttered obscenities under my breath .
tr	NN	I would cut every tentacle from my body if I could be with him again .
tr	NN	Please , please , write a review on Amazon if you enjoyed the book .
tr	NN	The fact that it was almost completely horrible did not in the least diminish its attraction .
tr	NNS	" You mean the legendary Cherokee fire priests who were put down for their arrogance and licentiousness ?
tr	NN	I could hear my heart thrumming in my chest , and I wondered if he could hear it to .
tr	NN	But millions took no heed .
tr	NN	She never regained consciousness no matter how much Alaric tried to rouse her .
tr	NN	Stone showed her a shining silver tool with rounded handles and twin blades .
tr	NN	' Don 't start polishing your crown until they put it on your head , dear .
tr	NNS	His fingers stroked my ribs while I ate .
tr	NNS	Now , she doesn 't even send birthday cards . "
tr	NN	I saw his eyes darken just a little , like Jenna 's had the day she 'd seen my blood .
tr	NNS	Releasing your legs might cause more complications . "
tr	NN	You should sell the damn collection and do something else .
tr	NNS	Every time you think you 've figured out just how responsible you were , another thought crops up .
tr	NNS	Runyon couldn 't deny the monstrous changes documented in the photos , so he didn 't .
tr	NN	If it had been the other way around , I 'd give you the same consideration . "
tr	NN	Even though our conversation on the cliff was a minor moment in time , it held more depth than any other conversation I 've had .
tr	NNS	We 'll take a few little treasures with us to make it look authentic . "
tr	NN	It paid minimum wage and the gamblers there were stingy locals who never tipped .
tr	NN	Would you like banana on your cornflakes ? '
tr	NN	The thought of Ma made my heart ache again .
tr	NN	Alex felt her mouth twist with displeasure as she led the way into the dining room .
tr	NNS	" Never play cards with this woman . "
tr	NNS	Thus , he kept some gowns and other items in stowaway , never knowing when there was a need .
tr	NN	Karma didn 't share the faith of Fate .
tr	NNS	Even had I not witnessed his condition myself when he returned , I can see reflections of what went on in his eyes . "
tr	NNS	But as our power faded , so did the marks upon our bodies . "
tr	NNS	The liquid scorched my insides and it only fueled my anger .
tr	NN	Pain edged his spine , creeping up on him like a tiger as the day went on .
tr	NNS	You could not imagine the texts I have seen .
tr	NNS	Death could see figures moving in front of it .
tr	NNS	Yes , I can craft all sorts of things out of it .
tr	NNS	Together , they 've been running missions on the Big Bad Sue for turns now .
tr	NN	Opening the door too early to test for doneness might cause the cake to fall .
tr	NNS	" In confession , " Dr. Abernathy said , " do not recount the actions of others , even of Him . "
tr	NNS	Then I notice bristly hairs on my fingers that weren 't there before .
tr	NN	So , the Commander granted the compassionate discharge .
tr	NNS	" So we won 't get olives . "
tr	NNS	Maybe he just loved babies .
tr	NN	" Usually when people wear shadow and liner that heavy , they wear mascara with it . "
tr	NNS	Willow took a few calming breaths before speaking .
tr	NNS	One by one , we used our various talents to free ourselves from Madame Helena 's claws .
tr	NNS	The denser part of town filled the flats below us .
tr	NNS	The night of the Christmas party brought thick , dark clouds and some light powdery snow .
tr	NNS	I wasn 't getting any bad vibes off them and my skin didn 't itch , so I was confident they were okay .
tr	NNS	Finally , he handed the pages back to Corinne .
tr	NNS	Matthew had earlier made arrangements to stay with her until he could found himself a job and hopefully some accommodation .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	NNS	She could do dishes .
tr	NNS	" What magical powers ? "
tr	NNS	" Like lap dances ? "
tr	NNS	The mind plays tricks on you when you feel anxiety . "
tr	NNS	Oliver made several attempts but the pornography channel was the only one that seemed to be working .
tr	NNS	" Are there any travel arrangements I should make for you ? "
tr	NNS	" You always do well in school , you get top marks .
tr	NN	Quickly reaching back for his wallet , he grabbed the condom out and sheathed himself .
tr	NNS	She turned the handlebars and pressed the throttle with her thumb to its maximum position .
tr	NNS	I laid my palms against her back , touching bare skin .
tr	NN	One corpse was a woman with dark hair , probably in her early twenties , wearing a nightgown .
tr	NN	Suddenly I had a lump in my throat .
tr	NNS	The political leaders put their thumbs down in protest .
tr	NNS	" I didn 't have any classes with her .
tr	NN	His body struck the railing .
tr	NNS	We carried food supplies even though we would be hunting and fishing for most of our meals .
tr	NNS	Finally they heard rotor blades echoing down a tunnel and saw a dim light appear around a corner .
tr	NN	I took the ramp onto the 515 and , after a few minutes of enduring crazy expressway drivers , I took the Flamingo exit .
tr	NNS	I see tall buildings , and then he brings me to his masterpiece .
tr	NNS	They were guarding the scientists who were scurrying about like rats with test tubes full of exotic compounds .
tr	NN	Well , I have a good lawyer , who does what I want . "
tr	NN	Grady grabs a handful of chips .
tr	NNS	Unless the Most High informs me otherwise , I can see only your actions .
tr	NNS	She circled her surroundings constantly with a look of paranoia on her face .
tr	NNS	Julia slid backwards , off of the bed .
tr	NNS	I took in the pillar candles , the rose pedals , and the cushions strategically placed on the floor of the circular room .
tr	NN	He fell over the short railing and down into the city below .
tr	NN	New Israel , like the other national settlements , had a charged , explosive quality .
tr	NNS	The Palace loomed nearer .
tr	NNS	I had such butterflies in my stomach .
tr	NN	Wesley muffled a snort .
tr	NNS	I 've picked up some vibes from her , and I don 't like them .
tr	NNS	" Filling my dance cards ?
tr	NN	I could feel his arousal as he pushed his front gruffly into my back , cornering me in between his hold and the wall .
tr	NNS	The nearest portal is a long walk , so prepare yourselves . "
tr	NNS	She 'd rather face the terrorists again than face the throne .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , Rodrigo has added even more new members to the Curia , in an attempt to maintain his balance of power among the cardinals .
tr	NNS	Neither of you should blame yourselves for Chris 's illness . "
tr	NNS	She was seeing criminals even in her fiance .
tr	NNS	" Two hundred dollars . "
tr	NNS	Eliot was picking up the roses and shaking the glass pieces off of them .
tr	NNS	A eucalyptus tree was protecting my freckles from the morning sun , and a very pleasant breeze was keeping me relaxed and perspiration free .
tr	NNS	We have no known addresses on him .
tr	NN	I watched his hands squeeze together very tightly as I spoke .
tr	NN	He 's wearing a polo layered on top of long-sleeved T-shirts with a pair of jeans , sneakers , and a cap .
tr	NN	Gen smashed a knuckle against her mouth and tried to keep a straight face .
tr	NN	He notched a knuckle under her chin and lifted her face .
tr	NNS	My temperament , my body , and my self-respect were all taking major beatings .
tr	NNS	He scanned his gauges .
tr	NN	The professor eyed his daughter 's limp .
tr	NN	He didn 't give it a comforting squeeze , though , which any normal person would have done .
tr	NNS	" Have your mother 's visions ever been wrong ? "
tr	NN	Tonight I needed the protection .
tr	NNS	And he 's got the hots for Storm .
tr	NNS	We 've had some recent meetings . "
tr	NN	A chill ran down his spine .
tr	NNS	Herbie took Candy to the hospital this morning . "
tr	NNS	They minimize their own assets and accomplishments while maximizing their own perceived flaws and imperfections .
tr	NNS	Go watch those fat priests , but stay out of sight .
tr	NNS	" I 'll take requests if you prefer .
tr	NN	Once again , Kham checked the executives ' armour .
tr	NN	" She stole my ale -- and some milk ! "
tr	NNS	Go , Jase mouths at me , lifting his chin toward the door .
tr	NN	The box had a simple hook closure , so whatever was inside couldn 't be valuable .
tr	NNS	He had clients all day , but graciously offered the use of his automobile .
tr	NN	He gets ta bein ' bored ya know . "
tr	NNS	" I have no arguments or queries with that . "
tr	NNS	As he shifted his body against mine , I could even feel his hardness against my hip , which was a delight .
tr	NNS	Joanne was cancelling more and more weekends due to work , but at least she had a job and was working steadily .
tr	NN	Rebecca dared a peek into his mind once more , just long enough to pluck out the subconscious memory of which box had the coffee pot .
tr	NN	Byron has a talent for healing much greater than mine , and he did most of the work . "
tr	NNS	It made bubbles in a bath .
tr	NN	They are approaching medium orbital range of the planet .
tr	NN	He knew what fate the Trans Pacific airliner was facing from the remains at the excavation .
tr	NNS	" Possibly , and I 'm sure they 've got surveillance cameras up .
tr	NN	Jessica tipped her parasol in a way that shielded her face from him .
tr	NN	Clay had poured cement over the earthen floor of the cellar , but that wouldn 't stop them .
tr	NNS	" I can see the changes in her and know she is feeling confused and guilty , what if this is too much for her .
tr	NNS	With great pleasure , I placed the donations in Megan 's and my father 's names .
tr	NN	I stifled a yawn .
tr	NN	said the knight in a harsh , deep voice .
tr	NN	As powerful as those two contending Necessities are , a confrontation like that would destroy the whole universe .
tr	NNS	Nobody in his own unit even had uniforms , never mind real helmets and body armor like these guys .
tr	NNS	He 's paid out over three hundred thousand dollars based on Jessie being his daughter .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't explain his activities to us . "
tr	NN	She checked the stew that was brewing on the stovetop once more and then pulled the apron over her head , setting it on the kitchen counter .
tr	NNS	He 'd lost the knives in his hands during the explosion .
tr	NN	My gaze connected with Torin 's , the unsung hero of the night .
tr	NN	He leaned one hip lazily against the wall .
tr	NNS	I don 't have the balls to shake my head , so I press out a depleted smile instead .
tr	NNS	Jordan , predictably , had better credentials .
tr	NN	She finished the braid she 'd been working on and tossed it over my shoulder .
tr	NN	Look , I 've just changed the battery .
tr	NN	' They 'll see people parting around us . '
tr	NN	" What for , I haven ´ t done anything . "
tr	NN	The stairs bounced off the hull , and then his fingers slipped .
tr	NN	He avoided a tree branch as I dwelt into my thoughts .
tr	NNS	He backed away a few paces .
tr	NNS	The house was no longer giving off empty vibes .
tr	NN	Reacher felt the transmission slam into Park and he heard the click of the hazard lights start up .
tr	NNS	I never wanted these powers , these souls .
tr	NNS	Have you got the uniforms and the equipment ? '
tr	NN	Yet as he peered out into the night at that moment , Joseph had no particular impression of his surroundings .
tr	NNS	Without worrying about the panties , I continued my jerky movements , pulling up the sweats and yanking the tee shirt over my head .
tr	NN	His golden belt buckle and epaulets denoted his high rank .
tr	NNS	We can 't take any chances .
tr	NN	They had a receiver on their team who our corners couldn 't seem to cover and he was beating us on just about every play .
tr	NN	I slide down the refrigerator until my butt meets the floor , and I inhale .
tr	NNS	Dead people don 't play guitars .
tr	NN	An orange glow soon accompanied a crackle of flames .
tr	NNS	" She conducts meditation rituals to contact her dead sister . "
tr	NN	I could see his knuckles tightening over the steering wheel .
tr	NN	She quickly picked up the special Civil Defence broadcast .
tr	NNS	David made three more contacts .
tr	NN	She found this task soothing , and for some reason , she needed to be doing it right at this moment .
tr	NN	" So you 're blocking cell reception , but not sound ? "
tr	NNS	" We can 't just take Rags away from Teddy .
tr	NN	He tossed the rope in the water just above the hole and watched the current suck it in , hoping it didn 't knot up .
tr	NNS	As if he sensed her fear he moved even closer , his lips mere inches from hers .
tr	NN	His parents had also nurtured a strong respect for the innate link between man and nature ; for them , everything was linked ; nothing was trivial .
tr	NNS	Clearly the man had issues .
tr	NNS	He enhanced your psychic abilities and you were trained as a unit to work missions using your new talents .
tr	NNS	He had several silver knives lining his trousers and sleeves , in case of vampiric trouble , though nothing but decapitation would kill a ghoul .
tr	NNS	He saw other members emerging from her enormous estate .
tr	NN	I pulled a pen out of my pocket and wrote fri 5 piano on my hand , so that I wouldn 't forget .
tr	NN	" Clearly I didn 't give her enough credit .
tr	NN	And I 've seen the big cafeteria .
tr	NNS	The same personalities no longer held surprises , pleasant or otherwise .
tr	NNS	Stefan stopped struggling and hung limp between the vampires holding his arms .
tr	NN	She wore a loose , white silk blouse and a long , black leather jacket .
tr	NNS	" ... going to try to keep everything as simple as possible and stay away from complicated medical terms and discussions .
tr	NNS	" I 've heard the reports . "
tr	NNS	Rena took a few deep shaky breaths then finally mumbled carefully , " A few broken ribs . "
tr	NNS	Elissa took the plates from the counter and placed three around the table , adding knives , forks and spoons .
tr	NN	Madison gave her daughter a tight squeeze .
tr	NNS	She loved the students and they loved her .
tr	NNS	Micah stood a few yards away , legs on either side of his motorcycle as he aimed a rocket launcher at a nearby store .
tr	NNS	Preserve these sweet sentiments for your girlfriend ; she will be impressed and suck it .
tr	NNS	Careful not to leave anything out of place , I only found fifty dollars .
tr	NN	" They might have worn the grey uniform , but they were soldiers in appearance only .
tr	NN	I proudly titled the sketch , " Midnight sky . "
tr	NN	Kim Shit , looked like he 'd taken that advice from the guys after all .
tr	NN	Sara Marks smiles " It 's new technology , quite clever .
tr	NN	As a cry of surprise escaped Lee 's throat and echoed through the moonlit woods , he sized up his opponent .
tr	NN	Jared watched her trudge back to the Sentra .
tr	NNS	Then she slowed her movements and let him slide down from his impending release .
tr	NNS	She used three cans of veg ' , judging by the rubbish , which means I should still have six unless she 's stolen them too .
tr	NN	He grabbed a rifle and a pouch of powder and ammunition and ran back on deck .
tr	NN	He brought out a tin of peaches which we split .
tr	NNS	They both had sharp noses and the kind of blond hair that just looks dirty rather than beachy .
tr	NNS	He cut huge chunks of meat that he put beside the cats , continuing to feed them until they were full .
tr	NNS	James stuck his thumbs in his pockets , asking " So ... we 're cool now ? "
tr	NN	She fought the urge to cover them , wishing again that he could see her in something sexy .
tr	NNS	So much so that over the years , I 've had my suspicions ... but that 's water under the bridge , now .
tr	NN	Then we call the cavalry who capture the bomb , and finish our celebration . "
tr	NN	Despite all this , I felt Baruch 's resistance .
tr	NNS	" What if I want rights over you ? "
tr	NN	We didn 't have even a minuscule probability of turning out all right if we gave us a try .
tr	NNS	My eyes moved over the lace topped stockings that ran up her thighs as she bent down .
tr	NNS	With a honk , she parted the crowds , and raced towards the gate .
tr	NNS	They had no jail facilities .
tr	NN	It sent a shaft of desire burning though him .
tr	NN	She and Miss Queenie told nobody about their arrangement .
tr	NNS	If push came to shove he could sell the drugs , too .
tr	NN	I toss a wad of French bills onto the purple table and stand up .
tr	NNS	They did not have designs or a carved brick pattern like the tunnel near Copan , but it was too perfect .
tr	NN	Cassie fought the urge to start punching them all , or just walk out , but she would not give them the satisfaction of seeing her snap .
tr	NNS	" Love birds ? "
tr	NNS	I know a few tricks with ropes myself .
tr	NN	I bought that dagger from a very reliable source .
tr	NN	Then , with Mack 's assistance , he hauled the sofa and chair into Mary Jo 's living room .
tr	NNS	The thought gave her the creeps .
tr	NN	I need some moist chocolate cake .
tr	NN	That brought another topic to mind .
tr	NNS	Though his body felt even stiffer than the day before , the restful slumber had done wonders for his spirit .
tr	NN	Jazz 's eyes followed the sweep of those long , elegant fingers , then snapped back to his face .
tr	NNS	Next I go to the windows and part the thick drapes to let in just enough moonlight to illuminate my search .
tr	NNS	If we can 't slither our way out of this , then we don 't deserve our titles . "
tr	NNS	Still breathing heavily , Zoe gave a thumbs up .
tr	NN	They made up a third equation that was almost indestructible .
tr	NNS	At that time , Genghis Khan 's followers or tribesman were looting and destroying other temples .
tr	NN	He took out a small tablecloth and spread it carefully , ceremoniously , across the weeds , the buttercups and the violets .
tr	NN	It threatens our function .
tr	NNS	They respect our ancestral Laws .
tr	NN	" I would bid this shell and ivory jewelry . "
tr	NNS	I drop my reins and pull my knives from my wrists .
tr	NNS	I 've already favorited the local NY gossip sites so I 've got you covered , GF !
tr	NN	Not wishing to endure the excruciating pain again , Gretel nodded her comprehension of the woman 's warning .
tr	NN	No strings attached , no romantic involvement , but the freedom to explore all that comes with a dominant submissive arrangement .
tr	NNS	It dragged thin wires from her head dripping with blood .
tr	NN	Through a grace he did not believe he deserved , he was granted faith .
tr	NNS	Again , instinct led my actions .
tr	NNS	But other than that ... " Other than that , it had definitely had its high points .
tr	NNS	In a way , he was enlisting Wallis as a shadow of sorts .
tr	NNS	Dion took the glass balls in his hands and stared at them .
tr	NN	Give me a little credit . "
tr	NN	He dropped the rag and grabbed the handle of his sword .
tr	NN	Jack grabbed a towel and wiped the remaining traces of shaving cream from his face .
tr	NNS	' Just give me the tapes . '
tr	NNS	Anyone could collect needles !
tr	NNS	She didn 't keep tabs on Laurel 's work schedule , and her hours seemed to change from week to week .
tr	NNS	He redoubled his efforts , straightening his clothing , and wrapping the remaining length of chain around himself like an awkward belt .
tr	NN	The sky was developing an overcast .
tr	NN	She should 've learned her lesson then .
tr	NN	The light here had an ethereal quality .
tr	NNS	You may not have mastered your abilities , but they won 't go away .
tr	NNS	Stories and legends spread far and wide , particularly among the landless masses , and even more so spread the dark ones .
tr	NN	Ted thought this a very clever " twist " to his plan .
tr	NN	As soon as my mouth leaves hers , she lets out a growl .
tr	NNS	" And I hate fathers . "
tr	NN	Open up the closet and let 's get to work . "
tr	NN	At night Capri had the flavor of an oriental bazaar .
tr	NN	The United Irishmen appointed a special committee to draw up a declaration of approbation of my actions , and that too was flowery and flattering .
tr	NN	She wrapped the cloth around it and tipped it towards his mouth .
tr	NN	We walk around the lingerie and look through the racks .
tr	NNS	The wolf was standing still , only a few yards away .
tr	NN	The sincerity in his eyes held her captive .
tr	NNS	" And that was for making labels that had words like breasts on them when labeling chicken . "
tr	NNS	The shining lacquered floors .
tr	NN	Could she change fate ?
tr	NNS	" You sell investments . "
tr	NNS	They held their own Sunday School classes .
tr	NNS	Sam had seen the marks on her neck while in the bathroom , so knew she hadn 't gained them on the walk back .
tr	NNS	But she 'd fiercely ignored her sizzling responses while he 'd watched her with a mocking amusement that set her teeth on edge .
tr	NNS	" And what " re all these copper knobs ?
tr	NNS	" I didn 't have any pebbles . "
tr	NN	Chief Stacy identified the owner of that knife he found in the bushes by her door . "
tr	NNS	Mom didn 't usually cook big meals ; the night was definitely a special occasion .
tr	NN	Behind me , I heard a woman groan and shout , " Oh , God . "
tr	NNS	I may have discovered more bread crumbs to follow . "
tr	NN	If you are trying to communicate with someone , you don 't use a code .
tr	NNS	The guy gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	Damon barked another harsh snort .
tr	NNS	You must turn off these lamps , stop this phone !
tr	NNS	Still wearing ragged jeans and no shirt , he now stood only a few inches over six feet tall .
tr	NNS	I let out the reins so that she can graze while we stand there , but she doesn 't lower her head .
tr	NNS	Only decaying ruins and walkways used by the Romans , and whatever forms of civilisations that settled and used the land before were there .
tr	NN	I retrieved my bat from a shallow current before returning to the creek 's edge .
tr	NN	Rosie put her fork down .
tr	NN	That roused my admiration even as Spence waded in at Tully 's side .
tr	NN	" Sounds more like psychology to me . "
tr	NN	You mentioned the aftermath of September eleventh .
tr	NNS	I scribbled six figures onto a check .
tr	NN	She heard the certainty in her tone and realized her bravery and boldness came much easier now .
tr	NNS	" Oh , you mean dogs . "
tr	NN	Relations are not normal , and any trains which are allowed to cross the border will be crawling with security , it would ensure your capture .
tr	NN	From that point , her story takes a very bizarre twist .
tr	NNS	" You know , Cass , it was December when I saw him last . "
tr	NNS	Caleb knew all about clubs , but not because he 'd visited one recently .
tr	NN	" Hence the nickname . "
tr	NN	I remembered the odd compulsion that had dragged me out of Gara , and I looked sharply at my Master .
tr	NN	Everyone has an agenda .
tr	NNS	He 'd redoubled his efforts , but had come up against a solid wall in her mind .
tr	NNS	" Maybe we should - " " No , " she insisted , both hands up , palms facing out to stop him this time .
tr	NNS	I thought if I could put a few up here , I could get criminals to stay away during the fundraiser . "
tr	NN	Right before he died , he discovered the gem and broke it .
tr	NNS	He 'd sure hate to leave and later have to explain to an upset Uncle Ephraim he had made other arrangements .
tr	NN	" But I did overhear that one of the bodies is thought to be female . "
tr	NN	Matt touched a curtain in the fancy sitting room and it fell on him .
tr	NNS	I heard a few claps .
tr	NN	I don 't even feel his muscle tense as I grow heavy in utter exhaustion .
tr	NNS	I 'll bring two mules and two handlers .
tr	NN	She opened a package of bacon and dropped several slices in a frying pan and put it on the stove .
tr	NNS	Suddenly freezing in place , the reaver 's expression grows deadly serious as he stares at his shrouded rival .
tr	NNS	The missiles hit two targets and blasted it in a flash .
tr	NNS	It serves your interests .
tr	NNS	Can 't beat the benefits . "
tr	NN	Verity lost her patience .
tr	NNS	The men wore business suits with perfectly knotted neckties over starched white shirts .
tr	NNS	She took up the dregs of the pain , jumping a little as the sparks bit deep .
tr	NN	It set off a volcano of panic inside me .
tr	NNS	Sending them to school each day under heavy guard would disrupt their surroundings .
tr	NN	Wes 's eyes , when they went cold like that , could make a rattler tremble .
tr	NNS	The Queen asks , his more reputable skills including punctuality .
tr	NNS	Taylor gestured his palms downward .
tr	NN	" Is 1967 a multiple of thirteen ? "
tr	NNS	Viktor checked the two cards he had left for what felt like the hundredth time -- ten of clubs and king of diamonds .
tr	NNS	It 's more than sensing his fears ; it 's like seeing into his soul .
tr	NN	I whisper a prayer as we jump from the cart and then into Mia 's little red convertible .
tr	NN	" Can I get a toy today as well , please , daddy ? "
tr	NNS	He used the fan blades on the third and fourth wingnuts , too .
tr	NN	She had a mean attitude and I 'm still in pain !
tr	NNS	He was testing the waters at first , because he slid only one finger gently down to my panties .
tr	NN	" Will have the wagon up front in a bit . "
tr	NNS	Even so , from here she could see the brief white foam breaks of whitecaps on the water .
tr	NN	I always use a condom anyway .
tr	NNS	I understood the loneliness emanating from the woman .
tr	NNS	This guy gave Courtney the creeps , but he and Annie obviously had some kind of relationship .
tr	NN	Thankfully , she was spared further consideration of that point by a knock at her husband 's door .
tr	NNS	" Will you not be faster though using your powers ? "
tr	NNS	Could this ruin my chances of getting into college ?
tr	NNS	A sage withdrew his senses from the world of change and , seeking immortality , looked within and beheld the deathless Self .
tr	NNS	" Not till eleven . "
tr	NN	Two suitcases and a file box occupied the trunk .
tr	NN	If you wait a few days we shall surely capture the castle , and with it the cart .
tr	NN	Punching the buttons with furious futility , he growled under his breath , " This thing burns up its battery faster than the Spanish Inquisition . "
tr	NN	Barely winning the struggle against the slew of swear words that came to mind , she held the receiver and waited .
tr	NNS	I dusted the shelves and lovingly straightened the books .
tr	NN	I was given the task of being the gatekeeper .
tr	NNS	" I just love weddings ! "
tr	NNS	Nobody in the village had sandals big enough .
tr	NNS	" Search his pockets and his billfold .
tr	NNS	" About the shipments .
tr	NN	" Why are you watching that tape , Norman ? "
tr	NNS	The men were still wearing their guard uniforms , having come right from watch duty to join in the festivities .
tr	NN	Strong , smart , brave , inspiring , incorruptible ; a peerless swordsman .
tr	NNS	" Good , " Bhai counted the coins and shabby notes , and his eyes shone at the sight of the loot .
tr	NNS	Tear out the spark plugs .
tr	NN	I followed the example the ladies set by tearing pieces of the bread apart and using it to pick up the rice and sauce together .
tr	NNS	Whose interests did they represent ?
tr	NN	I cannot help my improper language , for I ran wild when I was young . "
tr	NN	You 've totally got a great rack !
tr	NN	Kaitlyn sensed cold hunger .
tr	NN	So why the icy chill up her spine ?
tr	NN	Dana described her design in more detail .
tr	NNS	She lays her palms on my chest and looks into my eyes .
tr	NNS	And with the ID cards came ten thousand dollars in bills .
tr	NN	I slam down the can opener , too hard , on the counter .
tr	NNS	" Too much and the acid can kill the seeds .
tr	NN	Take my advice and bring plenty of money to the bargaining table . '
tr	NN	Her husband sighed and gathered Lainie 's basket .
tr	NNS	His body stopped inches away from hers .
tr	NNS	He rubbed the coolness from her arms .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't put labels on what it was I wanted .
tr	NN	Under the heightened senses of adrenaline , I could see their wicked claws digging into the snowy ground , seeking the traction to pounce .
tr	NN	Give me the vengeance I seek . "
tr	NN	Jack tried the door knob , but it was locked .
tr	NN	She drew the silk package out of her purse , letting the purse slip to the floor from her hands .
tr	NN	Julia whipped off a little salute to her take-no-prisoners sister .
tr	NN	She retrieved a comb from the bathroom and then crawled onto the bed and settled between his legs after he 'd positioned himself against the headboard .
tr	NNS	The other two economists knew the rough numbers , but were shocked to hear them again .
tr	NNS	They 've launched a few raids into Galatia . "
tr	NNS	' I will not make excuses for what I have done . '
tr	NN	I revised my estimate of her size upwards .
tr	NNS	He donates millions to the party in gratitude .
tr	NN	As they drew closer I saw the familiar blue flag with Fleur de lis waving proudly on top of a tall mast .
tr	NNS	We went over all your family members in detail .
tr	NNS	They give me the creeps .
tr	NNS	Hold your positions ! "
tr	NN	Then I was tackled facedown to the floor of my room , breath and senses equally obliterated .
tr	NNS	" We 'd better , " Gavin said viciously .
tr	NNS	Still running errands for the vampires ? "
tr	NN	He then stabbed a chicken liver with the plastic fork and began to take huge bites out of it .
tr	NNS	We would finish our classes and go out to the field to become acquainted with our planes .
tr	NNS	" We had perfectly adequate FTL ships and metabolic suspension .
tr	NN	Rising to her feet , Elizabeth collected a tiny brocade pillow and tucked it behind her sister-in-law 's back .
tr	NNS	" Do they usually take maids from agencies ? "
tr	NNS	He 's got freckles again and his skin is ruddy .
tr	NNS	The guards walked the floors and watched them carefully .
tr	NNS	Oregon has some great tax breaks , so we 'll be saving money filming in that location anyways .
tr	NN	She yanked the shower curtain to her body and said again , " Liam ! "
tr	NN	Laurel wasn 't paying her any heed .
tr	NNS	He still has more data to locate .
tr	NNS	It gave me nightmares for years . "
tr	NNS	Michaels ' voice was growing monotonous .
tr	NNS	They would surreptitiously visit members of the movement , often leaving pamphlets and posters to be further distributed by the ones they visited .
tr	NNS	In any event , I 've got bigger issues at the moment . "
tr	NN	Only fourth and seventh children can inherit the throne , and her death means there will never be a seventh child and he is indefinitely heir . '
tr	NNS	They were making arrangements to pay people thousands of dollars to stay quiet during the last stages of the research study , and now this !
tr	NN	She pressed the receiver to her shoulder blade and glared up at Rush .
tr	NN	" He could have simply moved the operation . "
tr	NN	The sound of her whispering his name and the amazing sensation of her pleasure triggered his own release from the tension gripping him .
tr	NN	So did the other cameraman .
tr	NN	I kept my dagger out .
tr	NN	He had never shared that conviction with anyone else , but he felt called to his life as one was called to a mission .
tr	NN	" The Gallagher Academy takes protection and enforcement seriously .
tr	NN	He held his briefcase with both hands and just stared at her .
tr	NNS	He had powers that could work to my advantage .
tr	NNS	It has elements we don 't even suspect .
tr	NNS	He saw Larry 's and Tommy 's silhouettes as they sat on lawn chairs across from him .
tr	NN	He would eat all the pizza he wanted , but as a treat , and not a necessity for survival .
tr	NN	With all of this gold around here , they must have a precise scale for measurement . "
tr	NNS	This can include photos , audio or video surveillance , e-mails , eyewitness accounts , recovered items with fingerprints or DNA , or admission of guilt .
tr	NN	She squeezed her pillow to her chest .
tr	NN	I gathered up my resolve and prepared myself to talk in a high-pitched voice that most girls seemed to have when reunited with their boyfriends .
tr	NNS	From ground level Johnnie put two quick shots slightly high and to the right of the flash made by the other man 's gun .
tr	NN	Every one of these statements identified the irregular flow of anaesthetic as the immediate precursor to the seizure which ultimately cost the patient 's life . "
tr	NN	A warm wind makes her blouse flutter .
tr	NNS	' Put five bucks in the box on the counter .
tr	NN	" And the president ? "
tr	NNS	Saffron lights the victory march , Green will mend our broken hearts .
tr	NN	If he was supposed to look like a rockabilly hipster , like Sam and me , he hadn 't gotten that memo .
tr	NN	I sensed passport after passport and airline ticket or gate passes for private jets , but I forced myself to refrain from taking just anyone 's .
tr	NNS	Millions more were receiving burns and other injuries from which they would never recover .
tr	NNS	" I cried buckets . "
tr	NNS	Mallory and I exchanged hugs .
tr	NN	Sweat trickled down her temple as the shadow crept closer , growing in size .
tr	NNS	Herod did not kill those babies .
tr	NN	A peek at her smartwatch which had the caller ID confirmed her hunch .
tr	NNS	His fingers found the two carefully placed clips that held her hair up ( clips it took her twenty minutes to secure ) .
tr	NNS	Remember , both of our suits have the added hydraulic lifting mechanisms .
tr	NNS	Testing the transfer systems . "
tr	NNS	He 'd even given her a hundred bucks to help her pay the rent one month .
tr	NN	Cassandra smoothed the long black gown that fell directly from her shoulders to the floor , and walked slowly to the window .
tr	NN	" You 're not giving him enough credit .
tr	NNS	I only made four king cards of this design , this card being the only king of spades . "
tr	NN	A son with deep gray eyes , just like his pa -- Not that she ever let herself think of such things , of course .
tr	NN	" That Dario uses poetry to get at girls . "
tr	NNS	He might have expected a little stiffness after so many days and nights in bed .
tr	NN	He noted the high quality of support bands helping the energy but endangering the contrast Little Spirit hoped to exploit .
tr	NN	We expected a massacre , but you know Drummond won 't miss his chance to make a spectacle out of us .
tr	NNS	Sometimes you can 't stop the fears , the worries , the memories from interfering .
tr	NN	Luckily for him , we heard the car horn and came to investigate .
tr	NN	His hand held back the curtain , and a pair of headlights cut through the night in the distance .
tr	NNS	Managing to convey disappointment and resignation , Thunder ate his carrot chunks and headed out to deliver his mail .
tr	NNS	Xander found the seeds of love stirring in his heart as a result .
tr	NN	He pressed the lock release under his desk , and the door swung open .
tr	NNS	" I don 't know Cass ; it 's a learning curve for all of us right now .
tr	NN	No doubt , the second we crossed her threshold it would be all over .
tr	NN	He 'd had an amazing bedside manner .
tr	NNS	Jeff pulled out two pairs of handcuffs and cuffed Willy 's right wrist to the chair .
tr	NNS	" If the laboratory recognizes people , maybe it also knows data about everyone , and can present a corresponding simulated environment depending on your faction . "
tr	NN	It made the hostility arcing between them hurt more .
tr	NN	Haruki found a bunk below deck to put Giselle in .
tr	NNS	He assumed , like many patients that had survived tragedies , she would need several trips to the clinic to fully recover .
tr	NNS	Eve brushed the crumbs from her muffin into a small pile .
tr	NN	Derek left the till and came to Raphael 's corner of the shop to listen again .
tr	NNS	Its body carried white stripes which ran horizontally through its short black fur .
tr	NNS	" Now we must help Tess . "
tr	NN	I really only have one option .
tr	NNS	" We have brought the suits so you can demonstrate your supposed ability to destroy them ! "
tr	NN	Increase fertility in our females .
tr	NN	The Colonel immediately changed his demeanor , but instead of becoming more furious , he turned genial .
tr	NNS	We can 't overcome the witches by ourselves .
tr	NNS	His fingers found the most sensitive pressure points .
tr	NN	The old man had a smirk on his face and Daniel felt himself blush .
tr	NN	Laurel applauded her improved attitude .
tr	NN	However , Liz had barely reached the first rack when Cole grabbed her hand and hauled her outside . '
tr	NNS	No one liked Cook 's jokes except Cook , but he liked them enough for everyone .
tr	NNS	They didn 't taunt my senses .
tr	NNS	You were not given battery chemicals .
tr	NN	Kim could see the Witch 's Tower on the horizon , rising over the Wandering Trees .
tr	NN	Vampires value their privacy .
tr	NNS	He kissed her tits moving up to claim her mouth , which was open from the scream .
tr	NN	I can ´ t ... wait a minute .
tr	NN	To my astonishment , I trotted out Silk 's old lectures .
tr	NN	Side by side they started up the hill toward First Avenue .
tr	NNS	" So you 're making excuses for me now ?
tr	NNS	He heard a sharp hiss of breath , and it dawned on him that these were not just dead bodies they were the bodies of the undead .
tr	NNS	Until lunchtime they viewed the scientists working with the several different models .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't push that many members of the police department around without someone getting suspicious . "
tr	NNS	Though some distance away , Bo had heard the shots , sprinted into range and thrown a knife at the assassin .
tr	NNS	See the loose wires ? "
tr	NNS	I 'll run up and down the aisles like a child .
tr	NN	* * * The weather turned freezing and Abby started school lessons with Jenny and Ty .
tr	NNS	All her life she 'd heard tales of immortal beings , of vampires taking possession of their victims .
tr	NNS	He showed Savannah proof coins , coins minted at West Point , one of his favorite type to collect .
tr	NN	Park opened the package .
tr	NN	he asked his mother-in-law .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to cringe .
tr	NNS	" Don 't make jokes , Billy .
tr	NN	" I don 't like cream . "
tr	NNS	I turned off the wipers .
tr	NNS	My insecurity meter shot down a few notches as I smiled back at Frances .
tr	NNS	It would ruin his chances of having a career in football .
tr	NN	I watched his head snap towards me and his heart began to speed up .
tr	NN	Shivers crept down my spine as I realized that it had been five days since he had failed to return home .
tr	NN	She jammed the charger into an outlet by the bed and dialed Sattler 's number with the cord plugged in .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , Your Highness .
tr	NNS	" To learning new skills . "
tr	NNS	She rearranged her utensils , seemingly fascinated by the task for nearly a full minute , then she offered a sympathetic smile .
tr	NN	Her hand gripped the dresser painfully .
tr	NNS	I saw many workers .
tr	NN	Hester felt a blush sweep over her cheeks .
tr	NNS	" Take a few more bites for Mummy , baby . "
tr	NN	Jason enjoyed his burger for a minute before continuing .
tr	NN	She handed Rue a one-page document .
tr	NN	Don 't give luck credit for our planning and hard work . "
tr	NN	Pulling free the gargoyle gave a flutter of his delicate wings .
tr	NNS	I 've got addresses for both of them .
tr	NNS	Asphalt had stashed two crates of beer there .
tr	NN	" I don 't like flat soda .
tr	NN	Tommy thought quickly then pulled a package of gum out of his pocket .
tr	NNS	I trace the creases between his fingers and his heart accelerates .
tr	NN	Helena had visited the olive plant once with her father .
tr	NN	Just the thought of that conversation made her cringe .
tr	NN	" What the devil are you talking about ? "
tr	NNS	You better take your chances on these . "
tr	NN	He loved every aspect of it .
tr	NNS	They like the smaller vessels to leave early in the morning arriving late afternoon .
tr	NN	I leaned back my towel , the heat of the hot sand seeping through it , and let the sounds of the beach wash over me .
tr	NN	The big man nudged the dead boar with his foot , and the boar got up and began to paw at the snow .
tr	NN	He wore a grey t-shirt that Celeste wasn 't entirely sure hadn 't started off as white .
tr	NNS	I 'd thought all my aches and stings would keep me awake , but I fell asleep almost instantly .
tr	NN	He did blink , however , when Elizabeth Frasier 's ghost floated in and settled nearby .
tr	NNS	" Well , I took the reins .
tr	NNS	He lined up several beers on the floor by his feet and started working his way through them .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of pointed ears .
tr	NN	He felt the urge to go and say something to him , but didn 't want to go making trouble on his own .
tr	NN	What the fuck was this about ?
tr	NN	" It had potential , if only for a week . "
tr	NNS	She snapped several shots of the mirror images of father and son .
tr	NNS	She 'd never accept or understand her sister 's actions .
tr	NNS	We 've had 20 or so meetings and the final recommendation hinges on the stability of our basketball program .
tr	NNS	" We don 't make speeches , we don 't offer prayers .
tr	NN	" But I did not anticipate your precipitous behaviour when we encountered him . "
tr	NN	We didn 't see the bat , but I was glad to have him with me just the same .
tr	NN	The small motion caused the universe to shift around him .
tr	NN	" Don 't you know , Katy darlin ' ? "
tr	NN	When the chains fell slack , he didn 't slump off the rack .
tr	NNS	Rose loved cats but certainly could never own one ; the fur alone terrified her .
tr	NN	I heard her yell .
tr	NNS	ARIES operatives embraced assignments no sane CIA agent would touch .
tr	NN	He heard the ripple of paper as she tossed the sheet into the trash and moved to his side .
tr	NNS	I 'll pad my expense reports . "
tr	NN	I just patted my butt , my signal for him to kiss my ass .
tr	NN	Above me I heard the ghostly flutter of soft wings just over my head , and I glanced upward .
tr	NN	Andrew had spied the Venetian tower and all the pretty golden lights at the top .
tr	NN	Jack Wack moved the painting off the wall and set off the security system again .
tr	NN	Then the young priest delivered St. Michael 's rebuke to the Devil written by Pope Leo XIII in 1886 .
tr	NNS	But she took deep gulping breaths between .
tr	NNS	Tegan 's green eyes glittered dangerously .
tr	NNS	" Just name your terms . "
tr	NNS	I didn 't relish any more surprises .
tr	NNS	" We are killing off our own contacts . "
tr	NN	A chill runs down his spine as he suddenly can 't shake the feeling he is being watched .
tr	NN	She has the same long hairstyle like you . '
tr	NNS	Open scratch wounds from the foxes lined his ribs and the bite mark of another wolf had taken a chunk out of his thigh .
tr	NN	Babies scared the crap out of him like that , too .
tr	NNS	" But now I have all these ... knots in my tummy .
tr	NN	Chapter 4 The Faint Hope Deep in space , hurtling at 180,000 kilometers per hour raced a massive chunk of frozen debris .
tr	NN	He 's been watching the trial on TV !
tr	NNS	Daniel had already been calmly packing supplies .
tr	NN	He kissed her knuckles .
tr	NN	She chews a fingernail , considering what to say .
tr	NNS	" I have powers beyond your imagination . "
tr	NNS	Sometimes I had bits of gossip that I kept back precisely for these moments .
tr	NNS	He flipped down his infrared goggles , but the temporary lighting gave them an uncomfortable view of the underworld .
tr	NNS	He put away his visions of revenge to be inspected another day .
tr	NNS	We share hugs and exchange farewells .
tr	NNS	' We have just begun our spying and scouting , but you talk already of conquest ? '
tr	NNS	He holds two shovels .
tr	NN	He began pacing in front of me .
tr	NNS	I have some lasting issues but I have almost completely recovered .
tr	NN	Kendra took down the numbers the attorney dictated and disconnected the call .
tr	NN	The lights from the room behind them revealed the first handful of wide , descending steps .
tr	NNS	She doesn 't have anyone 's numbers memorized .
tr	NN	I stepped off the scale and sighed with relief to note that my weight was within a couple of pounds of my last visit .
tr	NN	Somehow I got more purchase on the clay .
tr	NNS	And that said volumes .
tr	NNS	I 'd rather be with you two talking about ghosts than by myself knowing you 're talking about ghosts .
tr	NNS	" We could provide rides for the rest of you . "
tr	NN	He had jammed a baseball cap over his telltale red hair , and I turned my face away to hide my smile .
tr	NNS	Instead , she liked weddings .
tr	NN	She saw the sorrow in his face , the pain in his eyes .
tr	NN	She checked her caller ID .
tr	NNS	" Moving over twenty-five knots . "
tr	NN	" Well , I did vote for you . "
tr	NN	Seconds later he saw another fork of lightning in the distance .
tr	NN	The tone of Dale 's clipped answers told Ice he was trying the other boy 's patience , but he continued while he had the chance .
tr	NNS	You do covers right ?
tr	NN	Fearing the next crazy guess my housemates might lob my way , I took pity on their curious faces .
tr	NNS	The road had been devastated , bits of car and masonry scattered over the street .
tr	NNS	Her parents despised the crowds and general vulgarity , and so they avoided Atlantic City as if they were making a political statement .
tr	NNS	What mother doesn 't love her sons ?
tr	NN	I lost my uncle , Mul , to the Kentish revolt .
tr	NNS	She had lit several candles and a nearby lantern for light .
tr	NNS	Fallon touched his ribs and winced .
tr	NN	" But I had such a cool summary ... " " A summary for what ? "
tr	NN	She flipped the dagger in her right hand , angling it , and gave a light , tentative tug on the door .
tr	NNS	She gave herself brownie points for hanging with me .
tr	NN	Every guest room has a private bath . "
tr	NNS	I 've broken many hearts .
tr	NN	So that explained her girth .
tr	NN	Since she 'd been shot , he 'd felt an innate responsibility to protect her .
tr	NN	Alexander took a white gold S-shaped letter opener lying on the hall table .
tr	NN	The karaoke bar was nearing full capacity as the second day of the Aria competition was about to begin .
tr	NN	I had crafted my own hero 's patch and figuratively sewn it onto my shoulder for all to see .
tr	NN	Otherwise why would I shell out a quarter of a million pounds ?
tr	NNS	I saw the painting supplies then , lined up along an ornate chestnut table .
tr	NN	Seconds later , David pulled a clump of papers from the lower drawer .
tr	NN	One would feel the breeze .
tr	NNS	" As I 've said before , I 've got no issues .
tr	NNS	It was infuriating , he was making jokes now .
tr	NNS	His hands cupped her breasts and teased her nipples before sliding down the curve of her body to her buttocks .
tr	NNS	Cold blood covered her palms and seeped between her fingers .
tr	NN	" You mean the big hill behind the chemistry building ? "
tr	NN	He found his security detail behind him , not even realizing that they 'd been standing sentry outside the door .
tr	NNS	It had taken all one hundred dollars she 'd received for the picture but the sale wasn 't really about the money .
tr	NN	I gripped the surfboard .
tr	NN	Markman stabbed his fork into the food and watched silently , not knowing what to say .
tr	NN	I felt my body tense and then relax as I said it , almost like it caused me pain .
tr	NN	Shockingly , Mabel turned down Grandpa 's proposal !
tr	NN	Thirteen Bill plucked the wire .
tr	NN	The light from the house emphasizes the severity of his wounds and there is blood splattered all over his shirt .
tr	NNS	He restocked the takeout supplies from beneath the counter .
tr	NNS	" But I have some designs .
tr	NNS	Phil left the chambers closing the door behind him and went back to the conference room where Mat was writing his third page when Phil walked in .
tr	NN	Noting the serious expression on her face , he rose and dodged Kilo 's lunge .
tr	NN	Chapter 2 Helen balanced the chocolate cake in one hand while talking on her cell phone with the other .
tr	NN	" The best I can do is maybe put down a throw rug .
tr	NNS	She walked a few paces off , stopped and suddenly thrust her arms in the air , leaning backward .
tr	NNS	He slapped seventy-five thousand dollars onto her lap .
tr	NN	He lost all the playfulness in his eyes as seriousness swept in .
tr	NNS	" I generally accompany him on consulting trips within the continental U.S. , " she said delicately .
tr	NNS	Several of them held up food trays for protection .
tr	NN	You have a sworn duty to God .
tr	NN	He is making a code without ever intending to do so .
tr	NN	The chameleon didn 't know who it was messing with , a very large crow that 's about to turn the lizard to lunch .
tr	NNS	Perhaps a message of hope in a world of despair would again reach the hearts of the masses as it had in the glory days of Astoria .
tr	NN	I found a video of him cheating on me , " she said , her voice lowered .
tr	NNS	" Strip Poker , we have the cards , the table , and the bodies . "
tr	NNS	I wrote down some call numbers and headed into the stacks .
tr	NNS	Matteo put cable ties on all but himself .
tr	NNS	He thinks about it briefly and then points to our left , where the city gets darker , more run-down , and that makes me uneasy .
tr	NN	" But I may need an assistant .
tr	NN	Cole briefly considered resistance .
tr	NNS	They had claws several inches long that shined bright in the flashlight 's gaze .
tr	NNS	She read through a few more pages and then sighed , stuffing them all into her purse .
tr	NNS	" He 'll want mac and cheese three meals a day but please make sure he eats something else too .
tr	NN	She exited the closet .
tr	NN	He set her shoe down , his eyes narrowing with a predatory gleam .
tr	NNS	In her eyes he read something unspeakable .
tr	NNS	We 're talking the usual corporate politics .
tr	NNS	The woman suddenly broke the stillness , but only with the slight movement of her lips .
tr	NNS	I 've been practicing pressure points . "
tr	NN	He had given Blue the code to disarm the bomb .
tr	NNS	" He 's got some adjustments to make , some apologies , too .
tr	NNS	Countless millions in art decorated the hallways , galleries , and other exhibit spaces .
tr	NN	He might not have an inflection , but there was a carefulness , a way he had of speaking that told her volumes .
tr	NNS	I even had some offers on it but I kept it for myself .
tr	NN	Brian pulled out a pistol , and jammed it into her mouth .
tr	NNS	They still had servants , an elderly manservant and a woman who had once been a housekeeper .
tr	NN	Ms. Terwilliger tapped the article , and her voice was quiet when she spoke .
tr	NNS	They also had buffalo steaks in all sizes .
tr	NNS	She ignored the texts from Nikki and Brianna , too miserable to even reply .
tr	NN	I need a little independence from Mom and Dad . "
tr	NN	We don 't want a spectacle in the airport . "
tr	NNS	" I would 've made sure those Homo sapiens sons of bitches OD 'd on lead and steel .
tr	NNS	We will take no chances with this scumbag .
tr	NNS	' It sends all sorts of mixed signals . '
tr	NNS	He gave his butler a thumbs up .
tr	NNS	He was putting dishes in the sink and glanced over his shoulder at me .
tr	NN	He froze the frame and zoomed in on Simon .
tr	NNS	Andrew has been driven at least fifty yards away from me , but the look of horror on his face is unmistakable .
tr	NNS	Madison trusted the stillness around her and tried to wrap her head around the idea of misplaced grief .
tr	NNS	Where his own niche on the ship was concerned , Flattery maintained few illusions .
tr	NN	Then slowly , almost like a magician bent on tantalizing his audience before an amazing revelation , he lifted the lid from the box .
tr	NNS	But I will not hand the reins over to someone who thinks they know better than I do . "
tr	NNS	Whenever I encountered difficulties , he always found the solutions for me .
tr	NN	" And what would our Queen do for this world with her intervention ?
tr	NNS	" You guys see these black arm bands ? "
tr	NN	For one reason , we had half the equipment .
tr	NNS	The absence of the receptionist , who Dennis knew to be both young and attractive , also brought forth suspicions of a more sinister nature .
tr	NNS	" Did he carry large sums of money with him ? "
tr	NNS	We went several floors down to the Adelphia Lab .
tr	NN	I also bought a wine bottle opener which I initially did not really want .
tr	NN	Adam and Merrill , both former vampires , laid compulsion on the exiting employees , telling them there would be no retaliation of any kind .
tr	NNS	His hand clasped two small envelopes and he pulled them out .
tr	NN	" On the Ventura Freeway west of Haskell , a two-car collision has slowed traffic .
tr	NNS	Sometimes I buy old oak chairs at auctions , just to burn them .
tr	NN	Chapter Four Angel Rule # 4 : Always seek out the best option for your charge .
tr	NNS	Neither had brought coats , although the nights were starting to get cold .
tr	NNS	Might take your troubles to .
tr	NN	In time , she 'd regret her outburst , but she didn 't then .
tr	NN	" I 'll set up the appointment . "
tr	NNS	On stage Danny and Calvin unplugged their guitars and helped Raphael pack away cymbals .
tr	NNS	A thought touched the banked coals , bringing the fire to vibrant life .
tr	NNS	" And I haven 't been sending any signals ! "
tr	NNS	She sounded breathless , and her scent had shifted toward arousal enough to warm his blood very nicely .
tr	NN	Ray cut the rope so the corpse could fall to the bottom properly before it made its ascent in a day or two .
tr	NNS	Tear down the drapes !
tr	NNS	This platform contained the two largest and most decorated chairs in the room , one slightly larger than the other .
tr	NN	He was wreaking havoc with her insides , melting her like butter .
tr	NNS	I have a few extras due to the seriousness of some of the potions we make and use . "
tr	NN	With his stoic expression unchanged , he took quick measure of Ben .
tr	NN	To my astonishment , I recognized the gas station attendant who had pointed me toward Augustus England .
tr	NNS	Pulling herself onto it , she keeps her fins but curls her tail into her chest , wrapping her arms around herself .
tr	NNS	After several minutes of study , the beast then dropped the carcass in the water and continued on its way up the creek .
tr	NNS	We needed two scores in less than four minutes -- nearly impossible .
tr	NNS	Note the clouds . "
tr	NN	Throughout the entire editing process , I could not truly fathom the meaning of his book .
tr	NNS	They have seeds on them . "
tr	NN	I don 't just admire your tenacity and strength .
tr	NN	" You 've never played football ? "
tr	NNS	He carried two plastic buckets filled with something .
tr	NNS	He didn 't need any more distractions .
tr	NN	She held up a vase with spring flowers in it .
tr	NNS	Her blond eyebrows arched delicately over striking eyes of the deepest green .
tr	NN	They accomplished the task in short order , revealing the dark tunnel beyond .
tr	NN	The bathroom had a bathtub in it so I took a bath .
tr	NN	" Have faith that all has meaning . "
tr	NNS	All of them had expensive houses , and the cars parked in the driveways were not exactly cheap .
tr	NNS	I heard the car wheels moving again and I looked back to see what was going on .
tr	NN	They 'd had no real interaction .
tr	NN	Spinning around to face the threat , Melody glimpsed a rack of gardening tools on the shelf beside her .
tr	NN	The third room had a closet , but it was empty , and no amount of tapping on the back wall revealed a secret passageway .
tr	NN	She made a big vat of Texas chilli for dinner , spending the entire time she cooked mentally preparing for any upcoming confrontation with Douglas at supper .
tr	NNS	Reluctantly , I released her breasts and took her hand , leading her around the coffee table and over toward the blanket laid out on the floor .
tr	NN	Ben was enjoying the effect he had on him , from what I could hear .
tr	NN	In the immortal words of Number Five , I need input .
tr	NNS	The Space People huddled about two hundred yards away .
tr	NNS	She had a gray , loose silk v-neck blouse that ruffled in the wind .
tr	NN	I fake a yawn , " I 'm calling it a night . "
tr	NN	Is he or is he not Father 's worst rival ? "
tr	NN	I made a conspiratorial gesture .
tr	NN	By now , he probably had another sibling as well , if not more than one .
tr	NNS	We see a few robots on the road .
tr	NNS	" They never checked my pockets or anything .
tr	NN	And it didn 't involve anybody nearby at all !
tr	NN	I have a responsibility to them , and I can 't walk away . "
tr	NNS	Leah didn 't even have those powers until she met Lucien . "
tr	NNS	I took a few shallow breaths , trying to calm my heart , but it kept galloping along .
tr	NN	When she returned , she held a takeout menu in one of her hands .
tr	NN	The first time I saw him I was taking out the garbage .
tr	NNS	I lost my senses for a fraction of second .
tr	NN	Lame didn 't even do that justice .
tr	NN	You gave him a recommendation when we hired him . "
tr	NN	The servant took the wrap and my small purse and carried them away .
tr	NNS	His jacket had large pockets in the sides , and I put Mr. Hodge in one of them so he would be out of sight .
tr	NNS	We have clearly defined positions .
tr	NN	" I can call the nurse . "
tr	NN	Lisa already has discussed your pay rate , and you 'll be getting paid on a weekly basis .
tr	NNS	Damen racked his brains for something to prove his point .
tr	NNS	In spontaneously they locked jaws , trying to twist each other 's necks to the point of breakage .
tr	NN	" He was wearing a vest .
tr	NN	He nearly snapped a tooth off in the effort .
tr	NNS	The sound of the steady rain , along with that of the waves crashing onto shore and rolling back again , sent her senses reeling .
tr	NNS	Some of their habits are costing us millions of dollars a year . "
tr	NNS	I made a few more adjustments and then turned to Lana .
tr	NNS	I remembered broad strokes of my life before the age of twelve , but the details were fuzzy .
tr	NN	Danny , preparing himself to rock , didn 't hear Mike 's introduction .
tr	NN	The general slid the Humvee into park between two large generators .
tr	NN	" Then you will need a caster at each center .
tr	NNS	He flexed his biceps for her over and over which kept her h * ps rising and falling .
tr	NN	" These women with their nose in the air , they just haven 't met the right pelvic dragon yet .
tr	NNS	The illumination allowed the companions to see that even more of the cave had been melted smooth ; the ground was treacherous and difficult to traverse .
tr	NNS	They hadn 't sustained any burns .
tr	NN	She picked up his tumbler filled with the concoctions for a Rob Roy , taking furtive sips .
tr	NNS	His fingers stroked over her breasts , then rolled and tugged her nipples until she thought she might fall .
tr	NN	The couch didn 't even have a pillow .
tr	NN	With one hand , he whipped out a handful of coins and Pushed them against his opponents .
tr	NN	We 've had this argument enough .
tr	NN	" What the fuck did you do to my door ? "
tr	NNS	" We can set up meetings as early as this afternoon .
tr	NN	A car like that invites vandalism .
tr	NN	He cursed the fate that had brought them to this time and place .
tr	NN	We 're trying out some new material . "
tr	NNS	I had never been to any of my mother 's other weddings , always finding excuses for why I couldn 't be there .
tr	NNS	Use knots to separate some on a cord and bind that around your leg . "
tr	NN	From under the covers , I hear her stomach growl .
tr	NN	He writes poetry , and he is forever threatening to kill himself or someone else in a duel for love . "
tr	NN	Pirates have their own sign language , useful for night attacks so temporary deafness shouldn 't impair the running of the ship .
tr	NN	" Have more respect ; this thing can kill us all . "
tr	NNS	When I finished eating I lay on my back and watched the wind push fluffy white clouds across the sky .
tr	NN	Our job takes priority . "
tr	NNS	She 'd heard folks whispering all day .
tr	NNS	Almost every positive action you make in Ross City will earn you achievement points , while negative actions subtract points .
tr	NN	" She 'll have a star hanging from a cord around her neck with Mattie 's name on it .
tr	NNS	My Board of Directors would have preferred six months actual data , but Dag convinced us there were time constraints . "
tr	NN	Dylan plunged the sponge into the bucket of suds .
tr	NN	He lifted the basket he 'd had Jeremy put together that morning in anticipation of seeing her .
tr	NN	Fur brushes against the back of my lower calves as my eyes meet a little brown bunny hopping away .
tr	NNS	He lit the candles and then got up and dimmed the lights .
tr	NNS	Judging from his paunch , he hadn 't missed many coffee breaks .
tr	NN	Thoughts of abandoning his search for Garcia invaded his resolve .
tr	NNS	She gathered her wits , fell into a deep curtsy , and kissed his hand .
tr	NNS	Beyond the window she glimpsed bits of a tilted world .
tr	NN	Mrs. Merit had heard my vulgar outburst , and I awaited punishment .
tr	NNS	My heart skipped two beats when I remembered my upcoming trip to Las Vegas .
tr	NNS	He 'd put up the buildings in the first place , with help from Martin Walters and a few of the others .
tr	NN	I still felt the lust , but it was about more than that now .
tr	NN	It will only make the craft to level its flight at the current altitude .
tr	NN	Do you have a budget ?
tr	NN	He lets out a groan as he sucks on the bottom of my neck and my body curves into his .
tr	NNS	Lee had been giving me directions ever since we left Clarence 's .
tr	NNS	Being nice : doing helpful things , giving back rubs and generally being pleasant to be around can work wonders .
tr	NNS	Seven of the most experienced wizards on the White Council held positions of particular authority , especially during times of crisis , when quick decisions were needed .
tr	NNS	While he was practicing with the bow , Talon packed the mules and readied the horses .
tr	NNS	" At last count , just over two hundred and fifty million , but we receive over thirty-four thousand fingerprint cards a day . "
tr	NNS	" You can 't judge a girl 's brains by her boobies . "
tr	NNS	The Back Door still lay three hundred yards off .
tr	NNS	Modern art challenges the audience 's expectations .
tr	NN	Tess popped a huge bubble with her gum .
tr	NN	He 'd retained a lawyer and advised her to do the same , then coldly informed her that all future communication would be through their lawyers .
tr	NN	Monk had given him a thumbnail version of the purpose .
tr	NNS	Haven rubbed her temples to try and dull the pain .
tr	NN	Feeling a little bolder , I pinched his nipple again , twisting it slightly , and he shuddered .
tr	NN	" Well , your family friend in Malaysia gave you equipment that is virtually impossible to find outside the spy world .
tr	NN	He was really cramping my style .
tr	NNS	New York has some bad ghosts .
tr	NNS	He brought his compass out .
tr	NN	" Class , " Mr. Garrison said , eyes narrowing .
tr	NNS	" I 've got some connections we can use .
tr	NNS	Abelard must have instructed his sons to track me , to ensure that I left .
tr	NNS	" Why have none of them felt the bites ?
tr	NNS	" How many doses has she had ? "
tr	NN	It must be salvaged Maker technology because it looks like a pistol of some kind , but I can only imagine the kind of death it deals .
tr	NNS	" Since I killed her attackers .
tr	NNS	All the while , he 's gauging my reactions , but he sees not the slightest change .
tr	NN	He always gave me great advice about men .
tr	NNS	Take no chances , get your gun out too .
tr	NN	Time had no meaning for him now .
tr	NN	I really did not understand the dynamic between the King and my grandfather .
tr	NN	He let out a low growl of annoyance .
tr	NN	" I have my confession .
tr	NN	I appreciate your consideration for us by agreeing not to prolong your negotiations and later throw in the towel .
tr	NN	Mac stuck the needle in and pushed the liquid rock into his veins .
tr	NNS	She arranged the cards in a different order .
tr	NN	She saw an enormous painting against the far wall .
tr	NNS	I love hot dogs . "
tr	NNS	I open up the settings and find that voice control had been turned off months ago and that the computer had not been used since then .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , she couldn 't quite wipe out the doubts her mother had so insidiously planted in her mind .
tr	NN	" Give the snow a spin , my lovely boys .
tr	NNS	The main screen showed : safety systems on .
tr	NNS	In the early twentieth century , the U.S. government banned Native American spiritual rites and practices , making the sunrise ceremony illegal .
tr	NNS	The house even imitated human houses .
tr	NN	He could see the spire of the Institute in the distance now .
tr	NN	He shouldered the rifle .
tr	NNS	He followed her red taillights and hoped that he 'd be able to keep his beast in check a little longer .
tr	NN	I received a finger flick on my ear lobe .
tr	NNS	He prepared our plates , piling them high .
tr	NN	Then the small plane barreled down the runway , cut through the air and turned to the northwest , toward Germany .
tr	NNS	I 've got another two interviews to do this afternoon . "
tr	NN	Spencer made a lump of pillows in her bed to look like she was still sleeping .
tr	NNS	I planted barley crops last year , and when they were destroyed by rain and flood , the government compensated me for the loss . "
tr	NNS	" How many roads are there to the house ? "
tr	NN	But with a personal object from a specific witch , he could gain temporary protection with the help of a strong magic user .
tr	NN	" I 'll take that bargain .
tr	NNS	Even attend classes when she knew people would be staring and talking .
tr	NNS	" You have genetic blanks in storage in orbit .
tr	NNS	" And what interests you about the position as my personal assistant ? "
tr	NN	He smoothed the doll 's bright blue gown and rearranged the curls framing her face , then stepped back and snapped a picture .
tr	NNS	He didn 't have any sweats or shorts to run in .
tr	NNS	" Did she have any particular suspicions ? "
tr	NN	Lily deserved some respect , after all .
tr	NN	Gregor could almost feel the sorrow radiating from her .
tr	NNS	" I 've been gathering data from neutrino labs around the world .
tr	NN	Leaving her standing next to the armoire , he entered the closet and returned with a slim black and gold box .
tr	NNS	" Okay , we will deposit and transfer his funds for you .
tr	NN	Adan finished his task and brought the screeching and flapping fledgling out to its mother .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't see any dogs .
tr	NNS	" Before we came to you we consulted the pools again .
tr	NNS	" You guys know Jess ? "
tr	NN	Her " dates " always had the true martini so if they smelled something , it would be their drink instead of hers .
tr	NNS	" She will have paramedics and police and a proper funeral , just like anyone else .
tr	NN	She had her usual appointment at the clinic but afterwards , she wanted to spend some time getting pampered .
tr	NNS	" Tomorrow , then , " he raised his thumbs up and all three , on their two-wheelers , disappeared through the winding alleys of Vizag .
tr	NNS	Neither did the bees .
tr	NNS	You don 't even have any eyelashes to bat .
tr	NNS	The two exchanged their greetings .
tr	NNS	He kept tabs on Wayfarer .
tr	NNS	' If I 've got to lie in it , it 'll need some cushions . '
tr	NNS	Kids younger than I am have displayed powers all around me .
tr	NNS	" The taint left marks on you .
tr	NNS	He was double the size of her and he embarrassingly noticed , he had bigger breasts than she did .
tr	NN	That you covet his perfection . "
tr	NN	She wore the insignia of the 31st army .
tr	NN	Lula was exercising her manager persona to its fullest .
tr	NN	She lets out a breathy moan , and I feel myself harden .
tr	NNS	Give him evil powers ?
tr	NNS	The blonde girl was definitely putting out signals , and Ian was picking up on them .
tr	NNS	" Loki will have some surprises waiting for us . "
tr	NNS	" I comprehend your terms .
tr	NN	At least he was giving her enough respect to allow her to back away without chasing her .
tr	NNS	For a second she fought her body 's instinctive reactions , but it felt so good .
tr	NNS	To wrest babies from their mothers ' arms .
tr	NN	He sensed her fatigue at the long hard ride and kept their internal conversation minimal , knowing there was very little good to say .
tr	NNS	He has our data . "
tr	NN	Glancing back , Echo caught a glimpse of the great creatures playing with each other as they ran toward the canopy trees .
tr	NNS	Watching family members turn on you , friends dying before your eyes , the once innocent becoming cruel .
tr	NN	Their relationship had really done a complete one eighty since they 'd moved and she couldn 't be happier .
tr	NNS	They visited the premier hotels , viewing them from the unique perspective of someone who 'd grown up there .
tr	NNS	Jason and Paola were exchanging tickles and made them look cute .
tr	NN	I hate the transition .
tr	NN	This alleviated the ache in her feet somewhat but did little to ease the persistent pain in her shoulder .
tr	NNS	Jane took the pamphlets .
tr	NNS	Then , I shut her eyelashes , releasing her dead body from my arms .
tr	NN	I shoved the urge to give in to the grief and instead focused my thoughts and energies on making martyrs out of my friends .
tr	NN	Once the musty scent of the cramped space hit my nose , I realized my error .
tr	NN	" In a box on an abandoned farm near my house . "
tr	NN	The dragon now only had one wing .
tr	NNS	I know all the arguments .
tr	NNS	" I shouldn 't have sent those texts . "
tr	NN	Aunt Eugenia has an appointment , and she 'll be gone for hours . "
tr	NNS	' Why does he find excuses to go out every night then ?
tr	NNS	They don , t have any samples from the Man Wolf .
tr	NN	He tucked the pistol into the waistband of his trousers and held out his hand to his father .
tr	NN	Magic laid out his armchair ramp in his tilted position .
tr	NNS	She squeezed off two more shots that made her ears ring .
tr	NNS	In order to run a smooth operation we require dedicated , hard workers .
tr	NN	I shifted my weight impatiently as I tucked the shorter strands of hair behind my ear .
tr	NN	Next , came the newly watered desert fields from the underground springs .
tr	NN	His lips stopped their gliding and nuzzling .
tr	NN	Hugh straightened his spine at that .
tr	NN	I don 't want a gambler or womanizer .
tr	NNS	" We could rearrange the pews , and move the choir loft over there . "
tr	NN	He takes the lid off his own cup and taps his coffee cup to mine .
tr	NN	In that split second , the elixirs took effect .
tr	NN	A small smudge of green must have missed the apron and hit her chin .
tr	NN	Although she wasn 't going to admit it , hiding out in secluded locations suited her frame of mind .
tr	NNS	The summons has chased the last cobwebs of sleep from my mind as I worry what the duchess wishes of me .
tr	NNS	They are requesting reinforcements ! "
tr	NNS	" I had no other offers so I had to take this one . "
tr	NN	I clung to him , my fear mingling with a relief so sweet it made the darkness recede , just a fraction .
tr	NN	Even so , seeing a goblin out and about was unusual .
tr	NNS	He made good arguments , but he approached them in the wrong way .
tr	NNS	I generally have folks in and out all day long .
tr	NN	She drew out a sun-bleached apron and pulled it over her head .
tr	NNS	" You 've threatened my cubs and my mate . "
tr	NNS	Roger documented the patrol routes of three neighborhood cats , complete with battles for territory and places where they chose to mark it .
tr	NNS	It soothes my fears .
tr	NN	This time I shot my wire at the floater from above , latched on , and swung in below it , slamming against the underside .
tr	NN	Her hand touched the cold doorknob , and turned it gently .
tr	NNS	" What do you mean strange reactions ? "
tr	NNS	She pulls the covers over her head but shields her eyes from the light of the camera .
tr	NNS	Though the stones were slippery with some kind of moss and many of the pools were deep , it presented no serious difficulties .
tr	NN	Her off hand held a pistol , and she shot down two more guards as I watched .
tr	NNS	Why did Shakespeare write such dark tales ?
tr	NN	Carefully he raised the lid and folded back the white tissue paper , but Charlotte couldn 't see what was inside with Carrie bending over the table .
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers up to her chin .
tr	NN	" I have police protection you know . "
tr	NNS	I would also attend any cast and crew meetings that she would arrange .
tr	NN	I stifle back a yawn as we wait for someone to pass through .
tr	NNS	She gave him a thumbs up and crouched in the corner near the door .
tr	NN	Then bring her back here , under Cassidy 's and Jace 's protection .
tr	NN	I shifted my angry glare toward Trisha who was grinning at me like she knew a hilarious secret .
tr	NNS	Just think about it a second , in the Bible we have fathers sleeping with daughters , brothers stealing from brothers and murdering them .
tr	NN	( * ) Small aircraft .
tr	NN	I swear , he sent the entire Hair and Makeup department to make me more presentable which is where Jonathan fit into the picture .
tr	NNS	She handed one to Foxy who was lying beside her , head resting on the lacy pillow .
tr	NN	Claire could almost taste the cool refreshing tang of tonic with a slice of lime , and she took a swig of water to wet her throat .
tr	NNS	Moreover , she felt a coldness creeping up to her .
tr	NN	Sometime tomorrow , rangers would find shredded Latino cop all over the bottom of the hill .
tr	NN	Mary had a hearty beef stew prepared for dinner .
tr	NN	I ask JJ quietly .
tr	NNS	Two rival clans of surviving Romanovs quickly nominated their senior members , asserting a closer blood and marital tie to Nicholas II .
tr	NNS	I gave him directions to where I was .
tr	NNS	She 's searching my motives , trying to decide if I 'm good enough for her friend .
tr	NNS	We 've taken your single round all the clubs in London and monitored its effect on people .
tr	NN	Canton examined all the material Alec had gathered regarding the human slayings of late .
tr	NNS	" We only need a few drops . "
tr	NN	She picked up her briefcase sitting on the counter and swept herself from the kitchen like it was on fire .
tr	NN	It had virtually no effect on him , but it made me feel better .
tr	NN	The owner had a priceless painting on display .
tr	NNS	She chewed the insides of her mouth to keep from asking him whom he 'd bought them for .
tr	NN	He had this cocky little smirk with a hint of a dimple showing over his right cheek .
tr	NN	The two drove down the lonely stretch of highway with Mark driving .
tr	NNS	Nine out of ten of America 's defence weapons totally missed their marks .
tr	NN	He , after all , had my bat with him .
tr	NNS	Other times , he brought ingredients for chocolate martinis and we 'd go out dancing until midnight .
tr	NNS	A few other civilians had items hidden in their hands .
tr	NN	Find your Wilder , then together find Hades .
tr	NNS	It would give him more opportunities to get rid of the last two crewman .
tr	NNS	They poured an insidious stillness over a choppy sea of commuters and shoppers in the marketplace .
tr	NN	That stuffs pretty fool proof . '
tr	NN	If anyone had been watching from ground level , they would 've had the impression of a sudden blur , but that would be all .
tr	NN	" So I 've been doing a little digging , and I came across a little bit of a kerfuffle in your husband 's past .
tr	NN	She wore what looked like sleepwear - a short satin nightgown of pale pink , and fuzzy white slippers .
tr	NN	You don 't have the Sight , so how are you going to help us when you won 't even know where they are ? "
tr	NNS	Get out the shots .
tr	NNS	During the past months , he 'd produced mech birds by the thousands .
tr	NNS	Saw his ribs sticking out of his fur .
tr	NNS	Find provisions and water , and then run from here as fast as the wind will take us ! "
tr	NN	Mabel 's face expressed the depth of her concern and sympathy , but she said nothing .
tr	NN	" Come on , Mom , you 'd make a great waitress . "
tr	NN	She stuck her candle inside , flopped onto her stomach and strained to see what she could see .
tr	NN	His mother pressed a cool wet cloth to his eyes and nose until it subsided .
tr	NNS	Between tune-ups they did the oil changes down at the Erie Garage .
tr	NNS	The reserve company had taken the fewest losses and still possessed the heaviest firepower .
tr	NN	First gaining traction in the 1960s , this discipline addresses the general ( and universal ) theme of " How should we live and die ? "
tr	NN	I 'd charged that hill because if I hadn 't , the battle would have been lost and many would have died .
tr	NNS	She left clumsy defensive gaps and took perilous , needless risks .
tr	NNS	He could feel the slippery pebbles , smoothed by the Sea , underneath his feet .
tr	NNS	' Some gods are strong to harm , others , to aid ; at least so say their priests .
tr	NN	" She 'll be in the royal box , son , waving a medal .
tr	NN	" Lawrence , get the semi-automatic rifle .
tr	NNS	" It contains the remains of seven women .
tr	NNS	When they first started this , we just used Polonius ' giant crossbows to kill a couple of the horses .
tr	NN	Just hold on , honey .
tr	NNS	I made many attempts . "
tr	NNS	Using my abilities thrilled me ; I never wanted the sensation to stop .
tr	NN	He gave her hand a squeeze .
tr	NN	Then I endured his scolding for allowing this to happen , and we finally got around to what we were going to do about it .
tr	NNS	Don 't question my abilities , Hunter .
tr	NN	You have talent . "
tr	NN	A few players of Saint Mathew followed the statue with angry and frustrated shouting .
tr	NN	He blew out the candle and lay there in the darkness .
tr	NNS	They had no umbrellas .
tr	NN	As head cheerleader , Lacey puts a stupid cheapo crown on Henry 's head .
tr	NNS	I took two bites .
tr	NN	" We may have some leverage . "
tr	NN	Byron felt a prick of irritation at his wife 's words .
tr	NN	She pulled the GPS receiver from her pocket , waved it in front of them .
tr	NN	Hera had the babe at her breast when the poison descended on their home .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to call her and apologize .
tr	NN	I wanted his respect and I wouldn 't get it by talking to him like he was five years old .
tr	NN	Dhruv followed the method for over five months and finally the Lord appeared before him .
tr	NNS	" I 'll get the supplies . "
tr	NNS	Simple crypt locks held the covers in place that could easily be removed .
tr	NN	" I see black powder here on the glass and handle .
tr	NNS	No wonder Colette 's so rich , I thought impressively .
tr	NNS	" Hold positions . "
tr	NNS	" Gather your supplies and step into the hall . "
tr	NNS	Glass shelves held figurines and statues made of blown glass , pewter , onyx , and marble .
tr	NNS	In the States , Sun Good discovered her sexual powers over boys .
tr	NN	The Shaman stopped his pacing back and forth and withdrew backwards into the forest slowly towards Rachel .
tr	NNS	' As soon as she gets them , she chucks out the chocolates , and keeps the empty boxes .
tr	NNS	Her soft laughter filled his utter coldness with warmth .
tr	NNS	" You have issues , Blake .
tr	NN	Lorrie found an old nightshirt of Pa 's and we did what had to be done in undressing and cleaning him .
tr	NN	The stranger lifted a trident and froze the guard on the spot .
tr	NNS	That this creature stole the hearts and minds of our people .
tr	NN	Bryan took off his baseball cap .
tr	NN	She gave me an abrupt glare , as if I had slapped her , but like all of her expressions , it quickly changed .
tr	NNS	I had two old diaries to read , and those would be much more interesting than the actions of current thugs .
tr	NN	She didn 't even know what alloys the lock was made of , much less the atomic structure of each metal .
tr	NNS	Believing it was weakening he commanded the surrounding dragons to attack .
tr	NNS	Repeating the lies doesn 't make them truth , Merit .
tr	NNS	' My sentiments exactly , your Majesty .
tr	NNS	Bane and I exchanged phone numbers , and then we all went our separate ways .
tr	NN	She gained the landing and paused .
tr	NNS	A domino effect of commotion overwhelmed her senses .
tr	NN	" It takes effect now .
tr	NN	Gray had heard his uncle telling someone .
tr	NN	Winkler gave a slight hand gesture to Buck , telling him to back off for now .
tr	NNS	A corset barely covered the woman 's nipples , and long dark hair draped along her neck , slightly covering a dripping wound .
tr	NN	I didn 't see any other Warden .
tr	NN	Thad met her weave with a single hand and completely unraveled the casing .
tr	NN	The secretary gave a sudden yank and finally freed it from Lamplighter 's fingers .
tr	NNS	He set the stools back up , gave them a light polish with his handkerchief , and then led Virgil over to me .
tr	NN	' I 've been conducting a survey of the western kingdoms , and I think we might profitably exchange some information . ' '
tr	NN	Cartesian gulped down the liquid without hesitation , blinked a few times in confusion , and then fell to the ground like a stone .
tr	NN	" I see no harm in responding here .
tr	NNS	Rachel ignoring Phil and Gavin bends down and when she stands up again I can see she has an unbroken pod in her hand .
tr	NN	Now she 'd be circulating even more oxygen through the wound and using all of those molecules to pull the rough edges of his skin back together .
tr	NN	He gave a shrug .
tr	NNS	Because although I wanted to trust him , in the face of the unknown , even I had my doubts .
tr	NNS	Crocodiles love sausages . '
tr	NNS	The rain started a second later , huge drops that increased slowly in number until they fell in sheets .
tr	NNS	The idea of spending a whole afternoon with him had sent butterflies fluttering in her stomach .
tr	NN	I pulled open the top drawer of the bureau and perused the contents .
tr	NN	She loved the gesture , but she tried to hand him back the book .
tr	NN	" We have a suspect in custody . "
tr	NNS	One test will check Katherine 's clairvoyant powers .
tr	NN	You led our clan into battle .
tr	NN	I made one last sweep of the store and found Seth still sitting in the caf ¨ ¦ .
tr	NNS	One must get pretty hungry with so few offerings and so many mouths to feed .
tr	NN	As she turned , Elizabeth caught a glimpse of scarred , sagging flesh , hidden under the thin veil .
tr	NNS	But , then again , swords needed no spells to draw me to them .
tr	NN	Mack , the son of P.I. Roy McAfee down the street , had recently joined the Cedar Cove fire department , so the timing was perfect .
tr	NNS	I can accept those terms . "
tr	NNS	Once the waiter left with our orders , my dad took out two manila envelopes and handed us each one .
tr	NNS	Sunday was inviting spectators , leering at her and Errol who was avoiding her eyes .
tr	NN	" Play the archive for this deceitful old man . "
tr	NNS	You were making noises . "
tr	NNS	Essentially an heiress destined to live a life of luxury in a world forcibly divided , separated into stratified layers of social hierarchy .
tr	NN	The vegetable made a clumsy swing .
tr	NNS	They had reports about Godless Others massing their forces at one of their worlds .
tr	NN	A central hallway held a staircase to the upper floor .
tr	NN	I quickly peeled a second banana and starting eating it just as voraciously .
tr	NN	The man touched his cap in thanks as Leopold shut the door and ducked into a neighboring alley .
tr	NNS	Callum chose a few stacks in the back and I , to keep my distance , stayed to the stacks near the tables in the archives .
tr	NN	I 'd have the scholarship and a guaranteed job when I graduated .
tr	NN	You owe me a fortune for the booze . "
tr	NN	I have faith in my grandchildren .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of Fabian dropping to a crouch behind us .
tr	NN	I mentally changed the bulletproof vest for a tank top , my sneakers for sandals .
tr	NNS	My neighbors had heard the shots and called the police .
tr	NNS	Andrew collected empty cups and took the tray back to the bar .
tr	NN	~ Mike keyed the mic .
tr	NNS	Sali and Ashe grabbed plates , put burgers together and loaded any space left with potato salad , baked beans and chips .
tr	NN	He pulled open the drawer containing Savannah 's panties and stared down at the small piece of illicit fabric .
tr	NN	With a new wave of energy , the four trespassers flew down the spiral staircase .
tr	NNS	Wisely , Drew also grabbed their backpacks so the Americans could carry their supplies .
tr	NN	much , " he teased her , you budget for liquor ? "
tr	NNS	He cupped her breasts in his hands , slowly torturing one nipple before he turned his attention to the other .
tr	NN	But tonight , it gave him little solace .
tr	NN	But I 'm afraid I 'm not , " said the dragon , enthusiastically .
tr	NNS	We found several sales racks full of cropped pants and capris , and I was able to choose a few serviceable zip up sweatshirts and jackets .
tr	NNS	Landing all the right clients .
tr	NN	It didn 't take Ice long to find an online profile for Harrison Nesbitt .
tr	NNS	" Where would they hide their more precious artifacts to ensure that some future Aryan scientists could find them ? "
tr	NN	No one has any claim over her loyalty .
tr	NN	" You found your Bride before you came here ? "
tr	NNS	I extinguished the lamps and disrobed .
tr	NNS	" How about if we go over the salient points ? "
tr	NNS	The mark only allowed such reactions when arousal or a hunt was involved .
tr	NNS	" You have returned , " she smiled thinly .
tr	NN	She earned their loyalty and trust , and after two years the men would follow her down into the very pits of hell if she asked them .
tr	NNS	Vendors were everywhere selling wares .
tr	NN	The mayor quickly concluded his speech when he saw some students wiping their sweat off their forehead , and fanning their hands under their chins .
tr	NN	" He only wants the pup .
tr	NNS	We passed several picnic areas and a campground , all part of the Green Mountain National Forest .
tr	NN	" Yeah , I have a collection .
tr	NN	I didn 't understand your ploy .
tr	NN	" We owe them a debt , that was brave of them to take on Ares for us . "
tr	NN	If she did , well , ... I could take her Corvette as collateral .
tr	NNS	They had broken ribs , dislocated shoulders and black eyes .
tr	NNS	He would continue with his crimes but as a vampire , he could cause all sorts of trouble .
tr	NN	The centurion returned the rifle to its side as its counterpart looked at it , then at the soldiers , and back again .
tr	NN	I saw a dragon but not the kind from the movies .
tr	NN	From the station adjacent to the spaceport , we walk up the ramp into the docking authority proper .
tr	NNS	Right behind me , I hear a low hiss .
tr	NNS	Luckily , we encounter no more unwanted surprises along the way .
tr	NN	I have a responsibility .
tr	NN	But then Martina had pricked her golden bubble with a jagged blade , and Lexi just sat on the idea .
tr	NN	She knew her sister 's affinity for wildlife .
tr	NNS	Terrance put forth no conditions as he racked his brain for ideas .
tr	NN	Anna retold her dialogue with Ganymede in detail and a long pause followed .
tr	NN	Ask your sergeant how many men he can spare . "
tr	NNS	" We couldn 't get more funds from the last Council , and relocating our soldiers costs time , money and planning .
tr	NNS	Both women fluttered their eyelashes and giggled like schoolgirls .
tr	NN	He shifted his windbreaker under his legs to put another layer of protection between his pants and the scorching surface .
tr	NN	Courtney caught the loose stitch and carefully brought it up through the rows until she could slip it back on the thin needle .
tr	NN	Gamaliel preferred the terrace .
tr	NNS	She 's got some serious jealousy issues with her sons , especially Manuel .
tr	NNS	So let 's settle the first two issues . "
tr	NN	True , she 'd done the planting , but they 'd both contributed to the weeding and watering .
tr	NNS	" Yes , we don 't like murderers frequenting our hotels .
tr	NNS	Why are you making up these lies ?
tr	NN	He was eyeing her outfit disapprovingly .
tr	NN	They have never encountered a female hunter before .
tr	NNS	I had loan payments now , and they made a significant dent in my income .
tr	NN	" A martini for the lady , " he told the bartender who immediately started pouring liquor into a shaker .
tr	NN	I have faith that you 're going to make my life hell for the next few months while you go about proving yourself .
tr	NNS	That means no crops .
tr	NNS	Peeling away the layers .
tr	NNS	From what Eddy told me he 's been getting bolder lately .
tr	NN	Because you have my vote for that one . "
tr	NNS	We 'll need more supplies . "
tr	NNS	It took two trips to the Building Materials Repository to get all of the supplies needed for the roof .
tr	NNS	Kevin enjoyed the roving patrols each day .
tr	NN	" I don 't know what you mean , Your Lordship . "
tr	NN	" I want justice from Herod Archelaus .
va	NN	Mr. Hunter took another sip .
va	NN	He nearly threw a toolbox onto the asphalt .
va	NNS	Putting the thought aside he crept onwards with his head down , fighting the curiosity to look out the windows above him .
va	NN	I lit the cigarette and inhaled .
va	NN	" Did you have a mid-morning snack today ? "
va	NN	Detective John B. Burton Maggie opened the stationary pad to the first page .
va	NNS	" I 've had the discovery documents less than a week .
va	NN	" And you 've questioned the garrison ? "
va	NN	Charlotte took a huge , floppy red hat out of her purse and pulled it low over her forehead .
va	NN	" Take out your amulet .
va	NNS	He clenched his fists at the threshold wondering how he had held back from beating her bloody .
va	NNS	Maybe , when the inn opens , I should offer nightly guided runs .
va	NNS	The pain brought renewed tearing to his eyes , but it was the sudden loss of air that got his attention .
va	NN	The boys let out a cheer .
va	NNS	He wore black trousers with high boots .
va	NN	Alethea slid the earpiece in and said , " I 'll be your eyes down here . "
va	NN	I leaned around the headrest to face him in the backseat .
va	NN	Then he fastened the helmet with the heavy leather strap that buckled under his chin .
va	NNS	" I 've had my own demons a time or two in my life .
va	NN	He showed me the tablet .
va	NNS	He wanted to trip or disable the foothold traps Pitman had set .
va	NNS	" Do not worry master Anton .
va	NN	He didn 't reveal his birthday until he 'd lived with us for a year .
va	NNS	The prophecies they believe , the goals and motivations of the separate factions .
va	NNS	Not that Della had any great ideas .
va	NN	Any other voice than hers would have heard a click as I shut off the phone .
va	NNS	" As well as the threat it 'll attract salvage pirates if we leave it there . "
va	NNS	Just plain hard facts . "
va	NN	He could build a fake bomb .
va	NN	I adjusted my helmet .
va	NN	Ramsey asked the crew .
va	NNS	They are all showing signs of the parasite too , but not like Marci .
va	NNS	It erases the sadness I felt when she died , not completely .
va	NNS	" Could I write poems about igneous rocks ?
va	NN	" You don 't want a divorce ? "
va	NNS	Why wasn 't I told , who gave the order , the Vincent receiving instructions and we 're not . "
va	NNS	" They haven 't caught any mice yet but they 're well-behaved .
va	NNS	He looks middle eastern . "
va	NN	But her eagerness to help and her well-thought out suggestions gave him deep insight into her business mind .
va	NNS	Ry 's fingers might as well have been charged with electricity , they were sending tingles everywhere .
va	NNS	" Approximately eighty acres .
va	NN	Just as she thought she was close to slicing free , she heard the keypad at her cell entrance .
va	NN	Mac felt a needle poke into his thigh , and suddenly he felt drowsy .
va	NNS	" I mean , we already know the facts , right ? "
va	NN	In the beginning , she had missed the sunlight , but she had quickly discovered that the moon 's light was equally beautiful .
va	NN	Consequently one must train the habit of Faith .
va	NNS	" I 've seen animals .
va	NNS	This book will not contain their views on the secret of longevity .
va	NNS	And just where , dear girl , do you check your facts ?
va	NN	Then he dropped his brush and accompanied her back to the house .
va	NNS	I fought my first battles against my new comrades in arms .
va	NN	" I have names , " Matt waved a printed page at Jasper .
va	NNS	Instead the living area has two navy couches , a TV , and sliding glass doors that showcases a fenced yard with more peach trees .
va	NN	" Than the audition . "
va	NNS	" Take off your shorts . "
va	NN	They had made an omelet for him and he was eating it sitting where he had been most of the day .
va	NNS	Firing three stupid employees .
va	NNS	" You 've got missed messages . "
va	NNS	Grade one would heal minor scrapes , cuts , and wounds .
va	NNS	' I , alas , am not strong , ' said Dangerous Beans , carefully .
va	NN	It took another period of M4 clips to realize the invaders were suddenly being attacked from behind .
va	NNS	Midwives take such matters as a grave and serious duty . "
va	NN	I probably broke every speed law on the planet .
va	NNS	Now , as she reinserted the box 's contents and slammed the door shut , it once again ejected its contents onto her legs .
va	NN	I can 't see Storm .
va	NN	He heard singing and briefly opened his eyes .
va	NNS	' Oh I don 't know , take notes , photos etc. .
va	NNS	" Some of the upper ranks , first and second lances have wards and enchantments on their armour , but generally it is saved for weapons . "
va	NN	She got Chase 's dislike and discomfort with the current situation .
va	NNS	" How the heck did you find pancakes ? "
va	NNS	He recovered remnants of some emails that were on Jennifer Gowan 's hard drive .
va	NNS	" I will be studying two fields at the Air Force Academy if they will allow me to .
va	NNS	It does complicate matters . "
va	NN	He handed her the glowing lamp .
va	NNS	They have flashlights and whistles .
va	NN	As Warden , you have the authority to finalize and fulfill the Call . "
va	NNS	He had seen many Scottish villages like Beaulieu .
va	NNS	He had seen enough dying animals to know that Samson 's time left in this world was short .
va	NNS	The hostess set two menus on the table and then she looked at us .
va	NNS	Given that Brendan was stupidly critical , no doubt she 'd been suppressing her true colours for the sake of falling in with what he wanted .
va	NNS	You didn 't start spending summers in Maine until you were a teenager , right ?
va	NNS	And it 's not like I 'm choosing not to wash , we have no showers or anything ! "
va	NNS	" In other words , turn down strangers who arrive in the middle of a dark and stormy night . "
va	NN	He drew the monk aside .
va	NN	I could hear Jake 's shallow breathing racing to find rhythm with mine .
va	NN	She took a sip from her glass .
va	NN	Lia gave Geoffrey another verbal nudge .
va	NN	It offered up a bounty of hits in a few seconds .
va	NNS	Miss Minnie raised her brows in surprise .
va	NNS	He does own some small businesses on his own , but the corporation owns the larger ones .
va	NNS	" I know the limits of what you can do to me . "
va	NNS	She had left her towels inside .
va	NN	The ground made a quick thud under their feet and a wall of earth rose from the ground fifteen feet tall .
va	NN	A subsequent search had turned up no trace of them at all .
va	NN	" I don 't feel a bump , but I 'd like to take you to the hospital as a precaution . "
va	NN	Annoyed , he pulled the quill from her hand .
va	NN	He better not drop a bomb on us today .
va	NNS	We get nerves , all right . "
va	NN	When she leaves , my body slumps in the chair and I can 't stop sobbing .
va	NN	That gave the illusion of control .
va	NN	I can connect the dots . "
va	NNS	I shouldn 't bring my hopes up .
va	NN	It saves the complication of tracking down people to give them a series of shots . "
va	NN	I 'm guessing Ethan 's capable of figuring that out .
va	NN	She ´ s getting closer to the traveler and his half-sister and I think , he can handle his assailant on his own .
va	NN	But if I don 't think it 's worthwhile and helping me , I 'm yanking that rule .
va	NN	The tattoos there and on her face were slowly growing brighter , and had turned a shade of medium scarlet .
va	NN	Gregor pulled the prophecy from his pocket .
va	NN	She checked Morgan 's condition periodically to make sure he was still okay .
va	NN	" With cheese . "
va	NNS	We were receiving transmissions from Mars and the reports were bleak regarding the escalation of rioting in the streets .
va	NN	She rol ed over and looked at him .
va	NNS	In a few minutes he 'd gathered his spare power cells together .
va	NN	Mack would have liked the waterfront gazebo , but that had been reserved months earlier by another couple , as was nearly every other facility in town .
va	NN	I read the page over Emma 's shoulder .
va	NN	Liam broke off some bark from the tree I leaned against .
va	NNS	He got his bearings and they turned down the tunnel that ran under the lake .
va	NNS	You don 't even like mixed drinks . "
va	NNS	He loosened the nuts just as Elizabeth reached his side .
va	NN	" Completely , " she said , the yearning inside her building to unbearable proportions .
va	NN	" No , he already had a motorcycle helmet on . "
va	NNS	Certainly tourists and local teenagers often made their own illegal paths , camping in neighboring box canyons or building bonfires beside creeks .
va	NNS	Hot blood splashed Bernard 's priestly robes .
va	NNS	She sees the red puddles with curiosity .
va	NNS	Brad followed the officers to Pembroke along roads that had no evidence of fire .
va	NN	" For now I 'm heading north . "
va	NNS	CHAPTER 8 Eve hated horror movies .
va	NN	Zack picked up Kaitlyn 's suitcase .
va	NN	That delivered a kick in the seat of the pants harder than an afterburner .
va	NN	As usual , Brian ignored her request .
va	NN	I have another solution .
va	NNS	I could see some beds through the open doorway .
va	NN	" Get the suitcase and leave . "
va	NN	" We needed a replacement for you to live .
va	NN	Farooq opened the pouch , producing two brass keys that looked designed and forged in the Saladin era .
va	NNS	The Sentinels who haven 't fallen in with Lucian have left their duties and are en route to the University . "
va	NNS	I 'll just put the proceeds in the bank and save for a rainy day .
va	NNS	He saw the channels of communication between the many thousands of units .
va	NN	The baby grows quieter , but she 's still crying .
va	NNS	" But we play the odds .
va	NNS	I ignore her stubbornness and continue to caper about , splashing and jumping and laughing .
va	NNS	He also put the sodas in the bus for the children .
va	NN	They lack our regard for individual human life .
va	NN	His mist power was still causing chaos in every direction .
va	NNS	And when everyone did their four laps around the track , I did four extra laps .
va	NN	He raised the machete above his head .
va	NN	I could feel their scrutiny as I left , but didn 't turn around .
va	NN	Kari was still guessing his intention when he lifted her and set her on a nearby crate , draped with a moving blanket .
va	NNS	I didn 't bypass any important facts about me . "
va	NN	Jerome tucked a cigarette behind his ear .
va	NN	It will hold my essence for a time then go dark again . "
va	NN	Taking my tablet out , I pull the general map up and set it by its side .
va	NN	Ruby cranked up the radio .
va	NN	He also botched the fourth ( or fourth to last , depending on which way you look at the tattoo ) character .
va	NN	And without a question , Mason 's mind , his attention , his focus had caressed every inch of her , inside and out .
va	NN	In the distance they could see a mob trying to get on .
va	NN	" We need another crew member ? "
va	NNS	" You 'd take more risks ? "
va	NN	Because " homeopathic medicines " would be recommended by " medical professionals , " they would have the necessary authority to work as a placebo .
va	NNS	By the newspaper accounts one expected rats and mud , not a breakfast table .
va	NNS	The fever of survival had gripped their veins .
va	NNS	She drew circles in the sand with her toes .
va	NNS	" I 've got two daughters , " she continued , oblivious to my frown , " and I leave them . "
va	NNS	" Do you have multiple identities ?
va	NNS	" In response , the Duke of Newcastle pledges more troops to counter the foreign menace ! "
va	NN	In another century , two at the most , Dorothea would achieve her ambition .
va	NN	One on the back wall nearest the ground based exit , and one each on the left and right walls .
va	NN	Above them they could hear a rumbling and then they felt the ground shaking again .
va	NN	I have always wanted a puppy for Christmas . "
va	NN	" The driver controls the radio . "
va	NNS	The scent of his skin , the exotic blend that was uniquely his , filled her nostrils with every inhalation .
va	NN	" Now , take your necklace off , real quietly . "
va	NN	Mitchell grabbed his cane and levered himself to his feet .
va	NN	She almost dropped the tray .
va	NNS	She smoothed the wrinkles from her dress as she licked her dry lips .
va	NNS	" I don 't need explanations . "
va	NNS	Two kneel at the water 's edge , filling their water skins .
va	NN	Then she grabbed her robe , shrugged into it , and padded back out into the corridor to find the two of them still furiously chatting .
va	NNS	He attacked the spirits with a fury , his magic flaring bluish white in the shadowy landscape .
va	NN	I 'll wake master up . '
va	NN	Thick black lines drawn in permanent marker traced a map over his hairy skin .
va	NNS	Logan twitches his brows and gives a small shrug .
va	NNS	But whenever I heal someone , I also see threads .
va	NN	Travis twists his Kings hat around backward .
va	NN	The notion piqued Celestino 's curiosity .
va	NN	She could hear Max spelling hat in the back seat .
va	NNS	He made some mental notes to change up the training routine for his own men -- they could learn a lot from these two .
va	NN	He waved his hand dismissively in Simone 's direction , and then applied himself to his dinner .
va	NN	" Brandon the hot surfer dude ? "
va	NNS	He unscrewed the thermos and poured a steaming delicious red tomato soup into two of the cups , while I unwrapped the tinfoil .
va	NNS	" We need to hurry , " I urged Ares .
va	NN	With a wide smile , he said a greeting in Japanese to the chauffeur .
va	NNS	However , they have found certain interesting patterns that they grouped together that may bring us closer to understanding it .
va	NNS	Someone could easily scale the branches and climb onto the roof .
va	NNS	" But I 'll send more boats to carry the rest , plus all your belongings . "
va	NNS	She was the type of person who tried to confront her fears head on , but even so , she didn 't like heights .
va	NNS	Still early fall , the many different varieties of trees displayed the early signs of seasonal changes .
va	NNS	We 've caught enough trout for dinner with Amy and Randy .
va	NNS	" Those priests aren 't interested in girls , you know , " Capella grinned wickedly .
va	NNS	He clenched his fists .
va	NN	When we 're about to go home , our teacher calls me over , an obvious invitation to a one-on-one talk .
va	NN	Mary Ellen fitted her hat on her head as she waited for William to open her car door and help her out .
va	NN	I yank the plug from the socket , throw the lampshade onto the bed , and crouch over the hard drive .
va	NNS	" But everyone has thousands of matches ? "
va	NN	He waved a crutch in greeting .
va	NNS	He was ticking off boxes .
va	NN	So , I went shopping , and forgive me ... my one step further went a little crazy .
va	NN	He didn 't like the stink of this case .
va	NNS	Getting drug back to the cabin on the old truck hood made matters much worse .
va	NNS	You create wars ... instead of ... solutions .
va	NNS	He pinned her wrists above her with one hand and reached into an air pocket to claim the shirt he 'd saved for her .
va	NNS	We can do something laid-back , like dinner and a movie .
va	NNS	He ceased the arrows with a gust at the swing of his sword .
va	NN	It would al ow for them to make it into the Polycarp Mountains two at a time .
va	NNS	Perhaps in her excitement , she blurted out my promises , not realizing what the consequences would be .
va	NN	She felt a longing to go to him .
va	NNS	Burt raised his brows and wiggled them as he smiled .
va	NN	Maren had great difficulty explaining it to her .
va	NNS	I used the souls as Joaquim had done , directing them to burn through my bonds .
va	NN	It had an open groove at the top and I expected a weapon slid out from there ; truly it looked to be a beautifully crafted tool .
va	NNS	I have college and future jobs .
va	NNS	Pretty soon , she rarely left the house , but on the few occasions we did manage to see her , we saw bruises .
va	NN	He has no conscience .
va	NN	She doesn 't fit the height profile , but that doesn 't clear her as a conspirator .
va	NNS	Bruce hit his fists against the console and the pain caused him to curse aloud .
va	NN	Miguel ' presence disturbed the balance .
va	NNS	Fila took matters into her own hands .
va	NN	They had a deadly angle on us .
va	NNS	" My brothers and I , we 've all got different mothers . "
va	NN	Used my EMP signal to turn the lights out .
va	NNS	She must have performed experiments on me .
va	NNS	Only the poles had openings in the ice .
va	NN	Though old Louise still had pep , she didn 't possess enough stamina to pull off a job like the one displayed before me .
va	NN	That reminded a young student not even about " The Door " , but about the fact that her library books are overdue .
va	NN	He applied a very small plaster with almost surgical precision and then finished clearing up the broken glass .
va	NN	After a few seconds I hear the click of the door .
va	NN	He could trace the outlines of doors and possibly tucked in fins in the patterns of the hull .
va	NN	The 7.62 mm round struck the limo 's windshield directly before the driver 's seat .
va	NNS	Simon clenched his fists , trying to restrain himself .
va	NN	Robert and Johanna say a brief good-bye , turn the trucks around , and drive back into the city .
va	NNS	The doors opened downward revealing behind them dozens of round tube shaped holders .
va	NNS	By the time I 'd shoved the contents of the last package into my mouth -- some type of bitter drink -- my stomach had started protesting .
va	NNS	On reaching it he looked upwards and could see the stairs led into a crooked tower .
va	NN	At this point Marc put some smoked salmon in the cart .
va	NNS	I didn 't know much about measurements , but I imagined I 'd only come up to his waist .
va	NN	She took a sip of her ice water and considered him for a long moment .
va	NNS	He had spent several lifetimes trying to find her , only to discover she had long ago been tortured and killed .
va	NN	The future overlord added an ornate necklace to the file .
va	NNS	Make sure nothing escapes . "
va	NNS	She 'd given the images to Dylan Foxx , and the man had put them up on his bedroom wall .
va	NN	A clever or experienced man might have been loudly declaring his innocence , or better yet , projecting guilt onto someone else .
va	NN	His body language communicated great pride and confidence .
va	NN	" I like your new fur .
va	NN	Raven successfully gave birth to one child ; I just assumed she would easily have more . "
va	NNS	He wiped more blood from his one good eye and ran around the tree 's trunk , his gun pointed upwards , trying to find her .
va	NNS	Had she returned earlier , could she have prevented the deaths of the two women and the burning of her home ?
va	NN	Sam resisted the temptation to roll her eyes .
va	NN	You don 't need anyone 's permission to do what you love .
va	NNS	Sure enough , the site searching algorithms found a few matches , but only as a secondary person unnamed in the pictures .
va	NN	So I skipped eighth period and walked to Kristin 's house .
va	NNS	Adan then led onwards to the library where they found a small nook in which to conceal themselves for some much needed catching up .
va	NNS	Then I pulled the blankets all the way up to her chin .
va	NN	He tucked the orchid behind her ear .
va	NNS	Joan helped her little cousins in .
va	NNS	God , I miss ice cubes .
va	NNS	I run drills around the barrels again , alternating between leaps and simple taps .
va	NNS	All the concealer in the world can 't hide those dark circles under your eyes .
va	NN	You might call it a mutual agreement of distrust and resentment , again a relic of the past .
va	NNS	" Well , then wear sunglasses and tell them you have an eye infection . "
va	NNS	The first birds escaped the wooden boxes , flying over the heads of the players straight to their allocated posts .
va	NN	He had an incredible profile .
va	NN	On reaching the massive oak doorway , Paul grabbed the latch , flung himself through and slammed it closed .
va	NNS	He clasped my forearms and leveled me a glance .
va	NN	" Well , the chateau will require a manager . "
va	NN	I perused a pamphlet on the San Juan Islands as I waited .
va	NNS	Just standing in his shadow I get the chills .
va	NN	You don 't just thrust a revelation like that on someone .
va	NNS	Some were researching graduate schools , others scouring for internships .
va	NN	Duncan didn 't provide any commentary , nor did we offer any .
va	NN	A slight frown washed away her tiny hint of humor .
va	NN	I could feel this incredible longing welling up inside of me , a desire so strong that it was making me feel physically sick .
va	NN	Against the light in the room , her eyes almost looked violet , with hints of deep purple .
va	NN	I 'd never seen a Shifter before .
va	NNS	He could train hundreds of our people to fight .
va	NN	He moved his hat to his other hand and extended his right for Zach .
va	NNS	As I was saying , cats do not make legal witnesses .
va	NN	" Where will you put the temporary housing ?
va	NN	" Taking advantage of a poor old man . "
va	NN	He sounded a little puzzled .
va	NN	The bad news was that by the time Sera picked her up , she 'd be starting her screeching period again .
va	NNS	The decibel level of Terrance 's voice betrayed his weak assurances .
va	NN	Miguel let out a roar and leapt at her over the couch .
va	NNS	" I 'll throw fresh blankets on there , and it will be all ready and waiting for you when we come home from the hospital . "
va	NNS	We had fireworks going off .
va	NN	" I brought a snack with me . "
va	NNS	I pushed some bills at him but he shook his head .
va	NN	The woman inside the jaguar stretched , smiled , a hint at her hidden sensual nature .
va	NNS	He curled upwards into a sitting position and stared down at me .
va	NN	And why am I eating fruit ?
va	NN	They made their exit together and , shortly thereafter , her magic carried them both far away .
va	NN	I have no intention of harming her .
va	NN	She had seen Tabby 's handwriting before .
va	NN	I skim down the page briefly before I begin reading .
va	NN	" Woe , " moaned the Rain Maiden .
va	NNS	She examines her nails closely , pretending to be deeply fixated on them .
va	NNS	A vacation getaway that should have been with " the girls , " only my mother had no girlfriends .
va	NN	At the top of the hill , she pulled open the mailbox and saw what she 'd been waiting for .
va	NN	I just had a birthday last month .
va	NNS	Grace carefully and silently moved the body lotion bottles to one side of the window sill .
va	NNS	His need to pleasure her in return was also reaching critical levels .
va	NNS	" No , I like plants .
va	NN	Little get-togethers like this help feed the illusion and they talk about how things are , how they should be .
va	NNS	In the meantime he can 't have any visitors , not even Karen . "
va	NN	In fact , I was against going back into town at all , I felt an unexplainable paranoia about it .
va	NNS	But Elena had her bearings now .
va	NN	Make a nest . "
va	NNS	Laurence loosened his own straps and stood , turning around as he drew his pistols .
va	NN	" Maybe you should ask your mamma ' bout that . "
va	NNS	He also had several piercings in his eyebrows , two in his lip , one in his chin .
va	NN	I can build a whole campaign around that tagline . "
va	NN	On an unrelated subject , you might remind the crew of the old proverb that loose lips sink ships . "
va	NN	Twirling the stem of his glass , he watched the liquid swirl inside .
va	NNS	If the majority of the people support the republic , then I will allow the political parties to reform .
va	NN	The healers were closely monitoring Branden 's condition , and there was one in the reception room of his suite when they arrived .
va	NNS	Before I could change my mind , I threw back my blankets , grabbed my purse , and ripped open the envelope .
va	NN	With her right hand she had saved his hat .
va	NN	Even worse , they had left their kills in the streets and byways to be found by mortals , which had brought out the vampire hunters .
va	NN	We don 't have sugar or eggs .
va	NNS	I 'd been floating feathers .
va	NN	We were totally relaxed , a mixture of the effects of good wine and the warmth of friendship that shares so many good memories .
va	NNS	His deep chuckle sent goose bumps over my skin .
va	NN	Lil ian 's mouth pul ed to the side , disappointed .
va	NN	Both rooms have their own particular charm .
va	NNS	" Yes , I got several letters .
va	NN	Then I called the bank .
va	NNS	But they all had clenched fists .
va	NNS	By dawn 's light Brazen 's men saw the boats already in the middle of the Mississippi steaming back south .
va	NN	They soon discovered the origin of the horrible smell and immediately notified the authorities , who arrived armed to the teeth .
va	NN	I let my duffel bag slide off my good shoulder .
va	NN	They continued down the decorated corridor to his palace apartment and entered .
va	NN	She could use a tan , she decided , but it was the middle of winter so a guy couldn 't expect too much there .
va	NN	Eric eased the champagne out of her grasp and placed the bottle on the counter .
va	NNS	Rand , on the other hand , had already darkened several shades .
va	NNS	Both Renny and Sarah noticed her spirits being affected with the children bringing little joy to her .
va	NNS	I could never forget all the blisters , burns , and sore muscles I got from Cooper 's forge . "
va	NNS	Barron raises his brows before replacing the lid .
va	NN	Well , give me her contact details , her internet details will probably be better , a chance acquaintance will arouse less suspicion . "
va	NNS	" Take her downstairs .
va	NN	I had no intention of breaking either of those commands .
va	NNS	Later , after she 'd hung up the phone , Adrienne read the letters from Paul , just as she 'd known she would .
va	NN	And yet , conversely , he had done his utmost to make her lose her control .
va	NN	The importance of my answer doubled my shivering .
va	NNS	As he drank , he held down her wrists and she was roughly penetrated once again .
va	NNS	With that in mind I took the drinks back to him and settled back onto my lounger .
va	NNS	" And lose our stamps ? "
va	NN	With the low throbbing pulse of the electrified fence , this sight created an unearthly atmosphere .
va	NN	With two glowering bodyguards at his rear , he commanded the courtyard , towering over a trembling man who stood before him .
va	NNS	Already showered , cut my toenails , had pancakes and ten cups of coffee .
va	NN	He makes a marvellous seaweed dish .
va	NN	I demand a full apology for the scene you created in that tavern . "
va	NNS	Then after the fire burned down , he shoveled hot embers into a metal garbage can .
va	NNS	The fact that he 'd expected her to update her mom about his relationship status pretty much nuked those nerves .
va	NNS	He has some great ideas .
va	NNS	The human mind blanks out traumatic experiences .
va	NNS	She met my eye and the genuine happiness in her pale , gray ones lifted my spirits back up .
va	NNS	I love animals . "
va	NN	Particularly young people liked the season of carnival and wore all sorts of different masks and costumes and danced in the streets .
va	NNS	They spilled over her lashes and tickled her cheeks .
va	NN	About five hundred meters away from the Australian compound , a distressed Somali man flagged the lead vehicle down .
va	NNS	Everywhere I saw full fields , but no one left to reap them .
va	NNS	" I just lost thousands of dollars .
va	NN	" Talking about my underwear distracts you ?
va	NNS	" In Social Studies , Steve makes some pretty astute observations .
va	NN	The lower one is called the sister plug .
va	NNS	Scanning the room and deciding his next move , he tucked the bottles into his clothing .
va	NN	She takes the kids shopping .
va	NN	It wanted the bracelet .
va	NNS	We 'll pray the doc shows up soon . "
va	NN	Marie pulled out an eyeshadow brush .
va	NNS	He gave no signs of life , but his mind stood in stark contrast to his outward appearance .
va	NNS	Corrie packed up the leftovers to send home with them .
va	NN	He had the gall to claim she 'd asked to be mugged .
va	NNS	Having a supervisor on the school board hadn 't hurt matters at all .
va	NN	She rescued her underwear from the floor and slipped into them .
va	NN	But I could taste the curiosity in the air .
va	NNS	" You flew helicopters in combat .
va	NNS	I conquer such huge obstacles on a daily basis .
va	NNS	Why do boys get the lovely lashes ?
va	NN	" Sonia , trust me , you don 't understand the strong and uncontrollable urges you 'll begin to experience as you near your eighteenth birthday .
va	NN	I saw Lauren 's novel on the table .
va	NNS	Being the County seat , they had four jail cells to keep up with .
va	NNS	Even military installations had thousands of people coming and going every day , resulting in most of them being quickly overrun by the infected .
va	NNS	Let 's hear some ideas . "
va	NNS	" I 'll , uh , take breakfast downstairs as usual , Mr. Finch .
va	NN	When all the dried blood is off , I dab some antibacterial ointment on his wounds .
va	NN	" I du n no , Tris , but right now we 've got a huge building full of panicked people to deal with .
va	NNS	I nursed my broken claws , licking each of them in turn , tasting dirt and blood .
va	NNS	As I stand admiring it I hear footsteps behind me .
va	NN	And her brother and sister hadn 't made any accommodation to spend time with her , as they should have since she was a Queen .
va	NNS	He pulls out the graded exams and says to the class , " Well , congratulations , this class is actually pretty smart .
va	NNS	He could hold his stronger forces in reserve .
va	NNS	Before the holiday , she had dropped some not-so-subtle hints about wanting to go to The Nutcracker .
va	NN	" Somebody with cash bribed the manager to lease the car to himself .
va	NNS	They had suffered the most casualties from what he could discern , which was very little at present .
va	NNS	You don 't like werewolves ? '
va	NN	With the forks locked in position , he picked up the steel mallet and struck one .
va	NNS	" We 'll be picking rocks out of that for a while .
va	NN	She and Roar talked nonsense as they walked the trail , their conversation easy and light as always .
va	NN	Was it a maneuver designed to fray nerves ?
va	NNS	Flesh out your alibi .
va	NNS	The friction caused intense sensations and soon enough , I could feel my body giving out .
va	NNS	" I like your tattoos ! "
va	NN	As the door closed , Klein blew a stream of smoke .
va	NNS	Long , hard strokes of his masterful mouth sent shivers to every part of my body .
va	NNS	The general in command of the legions will order his troops north as soon as his force is fully assembled .
va	NNS	" I have never understood those types of things .
va	NNS	The trespasser had sunk its claws into the ground as it turned on its foot and dashed off .
va	NNS	When I tried to scoot away he dug his claws into my skin and continued to bite me .
va	NN	He couldn 't let her perish in this super-charged net .
va	NNS	With well-worn jeans , motorcycle boots , and a faded navy T-shirt , he and Clay would never raid each other 's closets .
va	NNS	" The sons and daughters of Immortals can live thousands of years .
va	NN	" Have I got mud smeared on my face ? "
va	NN	I grabbed Pepper 's sleeve before he could run off .
va	NNS	It was missing some branches .
va	NNS	She showed no outward signs of growing stronger .
va	NN	" Mama , you have a brand new grand habit !
va	NN	Years ago , Owen went hunting with Bailey Watts .
va	NN	" We 'll find a cure and get you fixed by dinner . "
va	NN	She took a careful sip , watching the steam rise and float away .
va	NNS	" I 'm quite all right , " Pamela assured the ladies .
va	NN	But his images will bear witness to this war long after we are departed . "
va	NN	Then air pressure forced the balloon up to the top of the netting , where it formed a parachute . "
va	NN	He never had any intention of displaying my inadequacies and leaving me alone with them . '
va	NN	Staring out at the water , he espied the debris from her ship bobbing in the waves .
va	NNS	Alexei also offered some opinions .
va	NNS	I 've already taken too many risks at your expense , and it 's put Veronica on your trail .
va	NNS	I have certain duties to attend to . "
va	NN	He took a shortcut through the house and went out to the Mini .
va	NN	He took off his hat and stuffed it into his backpack , " Mine is Dustin , in case you were wondering . "
va	NN	" That just confirms my theory . "
va	NN	" I did some writing .
va	NNS	We have the established private banks , which would do Moldavia well to have a firmer grasp on .
va	NNS	" And I won 't let my fans down .
va	NNS	The flashes of the muzzle sent slugs ripping by .
va	NNS	The humans had known hundreds of years ago , and the world had survived .
va	NNS	I pulled it out , frowning , then undid the laces at the top .
va	NNS	" I 've got my colleagues at the firm looking over the paperwork .
va	NNS	I 'm taking psychology courses at a community college at the moment .
va	NN	I took aim and she noticed .
va	NN	She could smell its odor .
va	NNS	Two empty pages later , I found his notes from his meeting with Jessica .
va	NN	She approved wholeheartedly of Jordan 's demeanor ; she disapproved of Anthony 's easygoing ways .
va	NNS	They called downstairs to the kitchen to confirm .
va	NNS	Digging into the black clutch purse she had brought , she pulled out her sunglasses .
va	NNS	I 'll sleep downstairs . "
va	NNS	He brought the pistols together , mashing them like a big ball of silver Silly Putty .
va	NNS	He slammed down the brakes .
va	NN	She also writes the Outcast Season series , which currently includes Undone and Unknown .
va	NN	To salvage his pride ?
va	NNS	Rena kicked the small rocks she 'd once used as wishing .
va	NNS	Eventually they make their way downstairs .
va	NNS	" A lad with enough sense to make use of the wisdom of : his elders . "
va	NN	" Just turned nineteen . "
va	NN	We will honor our arrangement with Sofie .
va	NN	" I had his body cremated , of course . "
va	NNS	A handful of people jogged along the paths or walked dogs .
va	NNS	She stepped over her newspapers rather than bring them in .
va	NN	Ten years ago , Bill Jackson at Stanford ran a series of weekend seminars on extraterrestrial life .
va	NN	Back in her office , she ignored the lopsided pile of mail threatening to spill off her desk and her blinking voicemail light .
va	NNS	Somehow it conjured images of dark nights and steamy passion .
va	NN	" Saber has a bruise coming up on her face , but otherwise , we 're good .
va	NN	Blackjack makes a hand signal .
va	NN	One of the creatures unleashed a shriek of rage , either to scare her off or to warn her that she was about to lose her hand .
va	NNS	She was just slipping stilettos onto her feet when the doorbell rang .
va	NN	" Bring the tray down here , Larkin . "
va	NNS	' You got some ideas ? '
va	NN	You are going someplace much nicer , sweeter , where everything is beautiful all the time .
va	NNS	His face showed signs of pleasure when he noticed that what he had hoped , and come all the way out for , was there .
va	NN	And she immediately recanted her gratitude .
va	NNS	Even now , when I knew , rationally , that it had just been a rubber mask , the memory of that night still gave me chills .
va	NNS	We would hold each other and watch movies on TV or I 'd bring them over from the apartment .
va	NNS	He 'd spent hundreds of nights with complete strangers in barracks around the world .
va	NN	It piqued my curiosity all the more .
va	NN	He gave an involuntary shiver , almost too afraid to face what he 'd seen .
va	NN	He retrieved the stem from the bed and trailed the small remaining bud along her lips .
va	NNS	" I like animals . "
va	NN	Yes , but she had an advantage .
va	NNS	I save ten bolts for emergency , just in case I need them .
va	NNS	Most townspeople consider you angels .
va	NN	" But , we need more than a theory .
va	NNS	Whatever ended up happening , he didn 't want any bullets in his leg .
va	NN	She swallowed her complaint .
va	NN	She gives the hint of a smile .
va	NNS	The committee really busted their tails to help me out . "
va	NN	I turned the radio up a little and drove off .
va	NNS	I read the passages over and over again .
va	NN	Kylie 's next intake of air didn 't include the skunk stench .
va	NNS	Al Townsend explained my duties to me .
va	NNS	I saw goose bumps on the rest of her legs .
va	NNS	Lola interrupted his musings .
va	NN	Niles felt a surge of nervous energy through his body .
va	NN	It simply just tells us the radiation and gases are building up outside the Earth and they have reached a certain level . "
va	NN	She heard a shallow soft rustle near a tree and then the quick movement of one of those stray shadows .
va	NN	Over the course of ten days , it spewed radiation that was the equivalent of four hundred Hiroshima bombs in a plume that circled the globe .
va	NN	He filled the pitcher full of grog and wondered where all the gold was hidden .
va	NN	It didn 't matter how much of a weakling Mortal I 'd become , I could still take that grinning idiot .
va	NNS	Bouncer is going nuts .
va	NNS	The breeze is giving me the chills , even to give me goose bumps .
va	NN	He 'd retained his hat , and he worried the brim with restless hands , twisting the chapeau around and around .
va	NNS	I fired two powerful bullets of rage at each of them with both of my guns , causing me to increase my plunge .
va	NNS	I had already finalised my preparations to move out . '
va	NNS	In tryouts , and there had been many , he 'd often dazzled coaches with his arm .
va	NN	I regain my composure and catch my breath .
va	NN	Nina plops down on the bench across from us , a devious sparkle in her emerald eyes .
va	NNS	If I don 't have your support any longer , I must make preparations to step aside on another pretext , such as ill health .
va	NN	And , finally , he 'd actually overtaken the stagecoach .
va	NNS	" I 've made promises . "
va	NN	Al pulled back the tab and took a deep swallow .
va	NNS	Neither pulls rabbits out of hats .
va	NN	Even in the darkness Mike could still make out the outline of rifle 's shaft .
va	NN	Conall , dear man , got all bouncy when he saw the package .
va	NNS	But that hope hasn 't calmed my nerves a bit because Storm is somewhere in there and I still don 't know if she 's alive .
va	NN	I feel his wedding band brush against my hand and get a little thrill .
va	NN	Without thinking , I hastily grabbed a large , glass idol off the ground and hoisted it above my head .
va	NN	Pierce nodded assent and returned to his meal , hardly tasting anything as he concentrated on this new puzzle .
va	NNS	She works two jobs you know , so she 's not home much .
va	NNS	He calmed his nerves and snuck another glance -- the animal wasn 't anywhere to be seen , but neither was Romulus !
va	NNS	She paddled harder , her hands cold claws on the wood .
va	NN	From here , she could see the stream of headlights snaking along Alaskan Way , zipping over the antiquated concrete viaduct .
va	NN	Slamming on the brakes , she put the Jeep in park and grabbed her cell phone , jabbing at the buttons .
va	NNS	Besides , she 'd left her rings behind .
va	NNS	Unable to stop herself , she dug away handfuls of soil and loose rock until she uncovered a long strip of rotting wood .
va	NN	His eyes flashed intensity of purpose at her .
va	NNS	He gathered the remnants of his shredded dignity about himself .
va	NNS	Her knives cut ropes , dropping them back down below .
va	NNS	She hugged her forearms across her chest and tucked her knees up to shield herself from him .
va	NN	I make a beeline to Kiersten 's house and knock on the door .
va	NN	" You called me an idiot for even thinking of not sleeping with him . "
va	NNS	Filled with a resolute determination , she barged forwards and attempted to get back in .
va	NNS	She didn 't have rings on her so he safely assumed she wasn 't married .
va	NNS	" Until the letters . "
va	NN	He 's worn the charm around his neck ever since .
va	NN	The shampoo took the poof out of her hair , and the conditioner smoothed it once again .
va	NN	" We had an arrangement with the old owners . "
va	NN	Eli first took a sip from his glass of blood before responding to the blonde .
va	NN	On leave , they drank alcohol out of anything .
va	NNS	She gathered up the treasure boxes and their proud owners and headed off to her house to get them cleaned up and ready for bed .
va	NNS	I had three appointments today , and I chose to meet the clients at restaurants instead of here .
va	NNS	The sound of popcorn popping rattles my nerves .
va	NN	How did you get that scar that divides your eyebrow ? "
va	NNS	" Not if you don 't get your grades up and convince some teacher to vouch for you .
va	NN	That implied weakness on his part , something he would not allow to persist .
va	NNS	" And I fear the human beings around us .
va	NN	I couldn 't control my trembling .
va	NNS	But I got really good grades . "
va	NNS	They 're saying , we should have tested the limits .
va	NNS	Wind battered the inflated toy planes dangling from the wooden crossbar .
va	NN	They reached the summit together , in perfect sync , and he held her tight as their bodies bucked and quivered .
va	NNS	Got ta love the great outdoors .
va	NN	I liked the honesty .
va	NNS	Up ahead a white delivery van switched lanes , and Jax came into view , riding at a normal speed , in a normal lane .
va	NN	He spat out the last sentence with such venom , even I was shocked - and I had heard him angry .
va	NNS	Liam pulled out two small squares of off-white clay .
va	NN	The paper bag sailed down the pit .
va	NNS	Do you have any more fun experiments we could try ?
va	NN	I wish the transfer of power into my hands to go as smoothly as possible . "
va	NNS	Not too far down the street , they still operate the two old bars known as the " White House Saloon " and " The Joint . "
va	NNS	After a decade of living at sea level , Dianna knew the risks of being at 8,000 feet again .
va	NNS	Al acknowledged his daughter 's protests for the first time .
va	NNS	She 's had some visitors too .
va	NNS	When I got to the office Charli had directed me to , I saw the two other marketing executives she had told me about .
va	NN	Startling them Loki 's voice fills the chamber .
va	NNS	An invisible dome of lethal energy protected the quantum computers that ultimately were left alone to do Lord knows what .
va	NN	It 's right cheek had a healed scar .
va	NN	When the locks were in place , the trio tipped the cabinet over against it .
va	NNS	" I 'm not borrowing fifteen grand from you , Race .
va	NN	I hadn 't forgotten her " life-or-death " comment and was beginning to grow nervous .
va	NN	Beyond lay a series of gigantic cages .
va	NNS	By the time he heard footsteps they were too late .
va	NN	" You bringing ' em to the party later , Mitchell ? "
va	NNS	He could only manage short sentences .
va	NNS	She was wearing cycling shorts and a sports top , her sneakers squeaking against the hardwood floors as she rushed around getting her stuff together .
va	NN	But I do have a spray of freckles across my nose and cheeks that no amount of makeup ever seems to cover up .
va	NNS	" He was selling vending machines to stores .
va	NN	It wasn 't until I found the photograph in the back that I really understood what he meant .
va	NNS	The smart home knew Heather 's preferences better than anybody .
va	NNS	Do you love animals ?
va	NN	He grabbed her soy cheese from the top shelf and the whole wheat crackers she had on the counter .
va	NNS	She lowered her lashes .
va	NNS	" And to take risks that I wouldn 't have had to before .
va	NNS	Meanwhile , we have our secret passages , tunnels and the shack on the island .
va	NN	Fury snapped upright and looked at Vane , who was giving him a warning stare .
va	NNS	I would make tiny bouquets and sometimes tuck a flower behind my ear .
va	NNS	Then she stacked the branches beside the firepit .
va	NN	How did he end up a servant ? "
va	NNS	His voice had lost its lightness .
va	NNS	He shared the same heights of sensation he had led her to .
va	NNS	She 'd never understood one-night stands or people who drifted from one bed to the next every couple of months .
va	NNS	" Neither of your parents ever ... showed any signs of being different ? "
va	NNS	Diggs closed the shades against the first glimmer of dawn while I got under the blankets .
va	NN	" But I don 't have any insurance ! "
va	NNS	They too waved flags and blew whistles .
va	NN	Aaron would shift heaven and earth , throwing all the influence a world-famous rock star could muster , until the situation yielded some answers .
va	NN	He could see Daisy 's tale lasting all the way to school and he wasn 't really in the mood for it .
va	NN	She and Chad had found an easy rhythm , comfortable in each other 's presence , but he didn 't try to take her to bed again .
va	NNS	The dark paneled walls held several paintings worth more than my combined salary for the past three years .
va	NN	She hadn 't wanted the injection but recognized the futility of trying to sleep when she was so wrapped up in her anguish .
va	NNS	They 've run drills just like you .
va	NN	There she was , thinking Charity had finally discovered her nice streak .
va	NN	" Did you see his essence before the younglings came into the room ? "
va	NN	I pick up my tablet , which we are supposed to be taking notes on and turn it up so Ms. Thomas can 't see .
va	NNS	Then I do up the last few stitches and we see Benjy 's face no more .
va	NN	If there were not such desperate need , these would spend the remainder of their days guarding the pots in the company mess . "
va	NNS	His explanations grew more animated with each section of the tour .
va	NN	One feels one 's confidence , ' sense of rightness ' and safety all being stripped away from you .
va	NNS	I swallowed down my nerves .
va	NN	Renton feigned an apology for overhearing it being discussed between the Newcastle morgue staff and forensics .
va	NN	With her husband awake , Abby felt her fear subside .
va	NN	It had to be Liam 's doing , this artful arrangement of her favorite things .
va	NNS	They watched the animals as they chased the fish , leaping out of the water as they did so .
va	NNS	He would not come downstairs to talk to her ever again .
va	NN	Before the last silver chain fell , Vlad picked up a lengthy wooden pole and rammed it the long way through Shrapnel 's midsection .
va	NN	She held the pendant in her hand and sighed .
va	NNS	No imploding nut cases around here . "
va	NNS	The aroma of fresh buttered popcorn enters Steve 's nostrils .
va	NN	It also showed the mining site just past the blast doors here .
va	NNS	Far behind them came the supply wagons and the camp followers .
va	NN	Louisa ignored this remark and looked up at a portrait hanging above her on the floral wallpaper .
va	NNS	To do this , he divided the aspects of his near omnipotent energy into what legend would call ' The Four Shards of the Saint ' .
va	NNS	Grayson ripped off his shades and his hat , tossed them both on the counter , and ran his fingers back through his damp curls .
va	NN	She noted the pile of phone messages , files and notes that covered the entire surface of her desk .
va	NNS	How many acres do you have ? "
va	NNS	When Gray asked if I 'd mind , my answer was , " Cam would love our silver dollar pancakes . "
va	NNS	Human eyes couldn 't get anything but murky hints of lights through it , so she just kept her attention on taking another breath , and another .
va	NNS	Their defiance and victories told other cities that we could be defeated .
va	NNS	He could now hear the footsteps of the hard soles of dress shoes on his brick paved driveway .
va	NN	We have a few race groupies we keep our eyes on , but most of these girls have never been a problem .
va	NNS	Renny leaned his large fists on Kat 's desk to stare closer .
va	NN	Without another word , he paid his tab and walked away from the bar .
va	NN	Kas , you take the floor , and Kali , you take the exit .
va	NN	At her door he rattled a two handed rhythm .
va	NNS	He picked up his crutches and slowly stood to his full height , towering over the class .
va	NNS	Rising , she went downstairs .
va	NNS	Jamie tugged the blankets down and tucked the flat sheet over her chest .
va	NN	Nate missed every signal that screamed I hated being around people .
va	NN	" You couldn 't unlock the filing cabinet . "
va	NN	She heard the heartfelt sentiment behind the words .
va	NN	Before Chase even continued , he already had a suspicion of who it could be .
va	NN	" Can I have my afternoon snack ? "
va	NN	' I wonder whereabouts we 'll sleep ? '
va	NN	Rather than voicing that I refused to run , I pointed out the other flaw in the plan .
va	NN	He had been entertaining Braden 's cousin all evening .
va	NNS	Millennia of wind erosion had eaten those rocks away , grain by grain .
va	NN	A weaker demon , as this one evidently is , requires a fair amount of rest to establish itself in the host .
va	NNS	She didn 't credit such lofty ambitions to her own pater , but that did not signify .
va	NN	The next morning , Lea opened the gym , but there was something different about it .
va	NN	It exploded a nearby telephone pole into a shower of fiery sparks .
va	NNS	I imagine my nails cutting through skin , drawing blood .
va	NN	" Don 't diss the mojo , lady .
va	NNS	The men reviewed the materials and were engrossed .
va	NN	Money no longer had any value , and neither did morality .
va	NNS	Hand me my trusty pink crutches , and I 'll hobble right out there . "
va	NN	Nathan had personally witnessed the explosion that killed the warrior who 'd been like a brother to him .
va	NN	He asked her politely to wait .
va	NN	He 'd follow the odor of Wyatt 's blood .
va	NNS	No one had even taken any notes .
va	NNS	Small gates on brass posts guarded basement entrances under the porches .
va	NN	Thin slivers of moonlight lanced the gloom through gaps high up the wall , revealing the building 's interior .
va	NN	" I will send a messenger over in the morning .
va	NN	He dabbed his paintbrush into the pallet .
va	NN	She felt the pit in her stomach when the mother finally decided that prostitution was better than starvation .
va	NN	' If you look off to the west , you 'll see her solution boiling this way . '
va	NNS	He gathered the remnants of his decorum .
va	NN	He took a long sip of the now warm violet champagne and swished it round his mouth .
va	NNS	Mexico enlisted 200,000 troops , dispersed among 12 military regions .
va	NN	I grabbed my helmet and 9mm and let out a big sigh .
va	NN	Vera took up the tale .
va	NNS	The cop made some notes on his pad .
va	NNS	His serene eyes turn mischievous .
va	NN	Maybe he has a low frustration tolerance .
va	NNS	You could have cut cubes out of the air and sold it for cheap building material .
va	NNS	" You stole my beans ! "
va	NN	But , the last rule that I had read drove this curiosity deep .
va	NNS	" She must have realized after the second battery of tests that something in my blood itself was causing the specimens to destruct .
va	NNS	Despite Renny 's obvious excitement , Painter imagined only horrors .
va	NN	Gregor finished the poem and didn 't know quite what to say .
va	NNS	He could see the elevators across the lobby but there was no quick way to reach them .
va	NNS	I dug my nails into my right arm and scratched until I 'd etched a deep cut .
va	NN	But Iona 's rejection had kicked the Shifter in him in the gut .
va	NNS	He showed no signs of having any moral trouble with what he 'd done out there .
va	NN	I can give authority to whomever I will , if you will follow me . "
va	NN	And this , ladies and gentlemen , concluded our evening 's entertainment .
va	NN	She left her coffee brewing on the machine and stepped out to meet him .
va	NN	You 've got your mental abilities , I 've got my obsession with magic .
va	NNS	Can I have your notes on where you got up to with the package delivery man , the internal mail system in the hospital ?
va	NNS	Growing up in a small town had its advantages .
va	NNS	Those vampires sewed so fast , they almost caught the threads on fire . "
va	NN	Yet ... she feared the Scribe now , and maybe that had been part of his plan .
va	NNS	" Any ideas ? "
va	NN	She took another sip of her beer .
va	NN	Auron embedded his saber into the ground and clapped his hands together preparing a spell .
va	NN	She picked up her wooden spoon to start stirring the sauce .
va	NN	Stepping out of my room , I began the trek down the familiar path to the Viewing Room .
va	NN	It takes an elbow from Boone in the bicep to realize that Viktor 's standing over me , looking down at me , talking to me .
va	NNS	But they didn 't have all the images she did and might not recognize something that could have an impact on the Others .
va	NNS	The storms have yielded their casualties .
va	NNS	" I have my own ideas of fun , ch rie .
va	NN	Taking a moment to focus , he envisioned the orb being formed as he had during all of the previous attempts .
va	NNS	I slid the boxes through the horizontal slit on the dumpster and turned to head back into the store .
va	NN	That statement carried an oddly reassuring resonance .
va	NNS	The ranch has cows , from which they get milk , butter , and cheese .
va	NN	I was doing Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
va	NN	' Tristram needs another adrenaline fix . '
va	NNS	Chapter Two On Friday night Reyes straightened immaculate cuffs , held together by black onyx links .
va	NN	They continued a steady murmur of speech or prayer .
va	NNS	" You burn the fields on purpose ? "
va	NNS	During the last several sleepless nights , unable to keep her from his thoughts , he 'd contemplated their present circumstances .
va	NN	James feels a shiver running down his spine .
va	NNS	They 've set their sights on Earth . "
va	NNS	" Time to get you home , " he said , " before your sister sends out the troops . "
va	NNS	She saw the copper binds around his wrists as he brought them forward and felt a knot rise in her throat .
va	NNS	It took him two tries to get the word out .
va	NNS	He 'd been living off scraps and having to keep predators away with no help .
va	NNS	And although I saw her point , it still sent shivers down my spine .
va	NNS	, but eventually the doctor comes in and gestures for me to step into the hall .
va	NNS	Maybe it did calm the nerves .
va	NN	It wasn 't until she saw a real apparition that Belinda finally confided in her friends .
va	NNS	How could I just shut those images out of my head ?
va	NNS	I clenched my fists , praying that I wouldn 't end up exploding and burning everyone there .
va	NNS	Just before he turned out his lights , he opened his curtains completely .
va	NNS	The firelight made odd patterns against his skin , darkening the bruise on his cheek to black .
va	NN	Noah was running up the hill panting , with a hundred screaming Quechua kids close on his heels .
va	NN	She eyed the fireball in his hand , and he allowed it to shrink and puff out .
va	NNS	They hopped along the slippery stones unsteadily holding each other steady .
va	NNS	Neither matched the red-and-white Santa 's hats both were wearing , but then who really cared ?
va	NNS	The first one of you who brings home a bride will get 200 acres near the river to do with exactly as you see fit . "
va	NN	Painter crossed Sigma 's communications nest , moving the eye of a hurricane with him .
va	NN	" Everyone has a price , Samantha . "
va	NNS	She had several bruises on her back .
va	NNS	A mauve hat hugged her dark curls and completed the outfit .
va	NN	I could feel my heartbeat racing , and I felt uncomfortable with her in the seat next to me .
va	NN	You had a courage that transcended pragmatism .
va	NNS	Birds called out their warbling songs here and there .
va	NN	She adjusted his tie for him , and he rubbed her upper lip with his thumb .
va	NNS	I lifted my brows .
va	NNS	Silver manacles that must have been at least two inches wide circled his wrists , ankles , and neck .
va	NN	I have no intention of leaving the school . "
va	NNS	We 'll lose our jobs , Marco .
va	NN	Captain Antilles held up the pile of skin by the scruff of the neck .
va	NNS	Ryan had already purchased 150 tons of this specially made solid fuel , at $ 90,000 a ton .
va	NN	Nikki picked up the tray of drinks and tried holding her breath until she reached a semblance of fresh air away from the bar .
va	NN	Charles still wore a grimace of pain but he straightened slowly .
va	NN	After hauling in my luggage , AJ gave me a tour of the house .
va	NN	I felt indignant , grateful and amused all at once .
va	NNS	He was eating my baked beans when he went into shock .
va	NN	I point out our most Gentleman 's Quarterly member .
va	NNS	Nothing like the trucks he remembered .
va	NNS	Under her hands she found banks of tactile controls .
va	NNS	William was recognized for his brilliant contributions and had been placed in charge of some of the best technology research projects .
va	NN	Loretta put her spoon down and opened her handbag .
va	NNS	" Sure beats folding towels on a Saturday night . "
va	NN	But I could still smell the stench of burning flesh .
va	NN	Why had the Elders birthed such an unprecedented amount of Chosen in this land ?
va	NNS	" Oh , and drones and satellites .
va	NN	Tossing a twenty on her vanity , he jammed his hat on his head .
va	NN	She could see the steely determination glinting even from far away .
va	NNS	" Maybe more like those fancy perfume ads in magazines . "
va	NNS	I can feel the straps against my wrists and ankles keeping me in place .
va	NNS	He paused , thinking , then went downstairs into the kitchen .
va	NN	She and Sadie decorated the small chapel in Dawson with flowers and ribbons .
va	NN	At first it was almost like that old furnace in Stelle 's pickup , his body like a hunk of metal that would not move .
va	NNS	Parliament and government gave favorable opinions .
va	NNS	It had sunk stark claws into him .
va	NNS	He unlocked her manacles and handed Amelia a note : " Don 't talk .
va	NNS	They were kindred spirits .
va	NN	But if going on the race circuit is a deal breaker , I 'll bow out this season . "
va	NN	He dropped the harness to the sand and moved away from her , remembering that unseasonably warm day in foggy San Francisco .
va	NNS	They have turned their little computers against me .
va	NN	I gripped my leather suitcase and jumped down to the platform .
va	NNS	His beautiful voice is singing to me in a foreign tongue , it sends shivers across my body as the goose bumps erupt on my skin .
va	NN	A glance at her window had her grimacing .
va	NN	I growled a curse and lunged at her , stabbing with my sword .
va	NN	Holding the smoke in his lungs , he offered the marijuana cigarette to me , but I shook my head .
va	NN	As Heather had requested , Stan and Those Left Behind had mounted a series of delaying attacks on the column from the east .
va	NNS	You have barriers in place .
va	NN	He pulled out his ledger and checkbook and wrote out some payments .
va	NNS	" Fortune has many aspects associated with it , the horn of plenty represents the flow of abundance , prosperity itself .
va	NNS	I already have two missed text messages .
va	NNS	She pushed the bills back with a shake of her head .
va	NNS	And then he turned his face upwards , and the heavens astonished him .
va	NN	Serena jerks the spear forward , intending to intimidate .
va	NN	Thomas took careful aim and burned another Dasher as she sped past him without breaking her stride .
va	NNS	He had films to watch , and now sometimes invited a guard or one of the nurses to join him .
va	NNS	" I can 't write songs , " he said , " so I 'm in no position to judge . "
va	NN	From up there Hassan slew one of the orcs with an arrow that slipped between his breastplate and his helm , piercing his throat .
va	NN	The Steward was carrying a tray of tea in one hand and a dustpan and brush in the other .
va	NNS	I slid my sunglasses back into position out of principle .
va	NNS	He felt pain explode in his cheek and he stumbled .
va	NNS	He gets his story ideas while traveling in Europe , feeding his chickens , and cutting wood .
va	NN	Perhaps , I should have brought that prisoner with me and he would have shown me how to open it .
va	NNS	We all made promises to one another if such a circumstance were to present itself .
va	NN	He smacked chewing gum as he talked and had a friendly smile .
va	NN	She emphasized the authority of her judgment by a lifting of her eyebrows .
va	NN	Her mother considered the comment .
va	NN	' Hey , Babe , you make my blood boil ' ? "
va	NN	She scrolled down his profile , reading his status updates .
va	NN	Looking down on the young woman on his arms , he could feel her shivering with cold .
va	NN	Stuart chuckled took a sip and watched as a familiar figure strode into view .
va	NNS	Everyone wants youth potions , aphrodisiacs , or cold relief .
va	NN	But the others ... Everything has a price .
va	NN	The dark suit waited upright in its crystal clear holder .
va	NN	He had put the bandage on himself after the shower .
va	NNS	Daemon fastened his ruby cuff links to his white silk shirt .
va	NNS	Believe me when I tell you , we won 't use bullets ; it will be drawn out and very painful .
va	NNS	They were pulling jobs on your guests ? "
va	NN	He has no authority here . "
va	NN	" And I need a map . "
va	NNS	They even look opposites !
va	NN	" He 'll find the van , but he won 't know if we continued on ahead or doubled back . "
va	NN	Our whole sideline was slapping Tuck 's helmet and congratulating him .
va	NNS	" You 've seen too many movies , Alfred . "
va	NN	She 'd used their rescue as a much needed escape .
va	NN	" Can 't get any greener than that . "
va	NN	I took a sip of my Prosecco .
va	NNS	She recognized the bruises and bite marks on her neck first , then the faded blue eyes as the girl 's head turned toward her .
va	NN	She gave him the hat , but clutched the thick wool like a shield .
va	NN	And so , Ruth 's mother did not emphasize the teaching of Catholicism .
va	NN	She wore a hat that was part bonnet , part crown , driving home the queen theme , in colors of yellow , red , and gold .
va	NNS	Sebastian pulled the blankets entirely from her body .
va	NN	They had created a towel rail an entire athletics team could have used for training .
va	NN	He had worked a long shift , only punching out an hour ago .
va	NN	I felt no intrusion into my mind , but he spoke with complete confidence .
va	NN	Raw and unkempt their appeal affected most but missed Danny .
va	NN	" I have a suggestion that might change this entire situation .
va	NN	" You never even had a girlfriend back home ? "
va	NN	As a package goes by , I scan the label and check the contents .
va	NN	By and large , the community held the largest amount of non-combatant civilians , numbering in the hundreds .
va	NNS	He changed lanes and slowed and stopped , kept the vehicle in sight without missing a trick .
va	NNS	What if we offered introductory courses in auto mechanics , building construction and agriculture ?
va	NN	Conway nodded silent agreement .
va	NN	" Like a stripper ? "
va	NN	He grabbed the flashlight .
va	NNS	It failed miserably and ended with both shrugging their shoulders in a ' why not ? '
va	NN	I grabbed my bundle of clothes as Meir pulled me with him .
va	NNS	Two short range Swordfish fighter jets standing by as well .
va	NN	He has courage and strength beyond measure .
va	NNS	Her voice soothed my fraying nerves .
va	NN	I hadn 't told my lover that I was catering an event for Kincaid .
va	NNS	He was showing no signs that he had spotted us .
va	NNS	She 'd been given strict instructions not to tell anyone of her friends ' whereabouts .
va	NN	You guys should probably save the groping for later , when you 're alone . "
va	NN	" He were wearing a helmet , so I never saw him . "
va	NNS	A few meters farther , appear rocks populated by red and white corals , among which dart silvery torpedoes , with swift movements of their fins .
va	NNS	I don 't need any explanations . "
va	NN	I was up in the tree , using a screwdriver to scratch my initials in the bark .
va	NN	Within minutes I was slipping a bra underneath my tee-shirt and heading out to Jose .
va	NNS	He 'd ignored her advances , and she resented me for it .
va	NNS	She gave no signs , if she had .
va	NNS	" And you aren 't helping matters . "
va	NNS	The kitchen door bursts open and Andy storms through , without explanation , in floods of tears , her wails echoing down the stairs .
va	NNS	I calmed my nerves and cleared my head .
va	NN	He pours himself a coffee , takes a sip , and then tips the cup in my direction .
va	NN	After yesterday 's teasing episode , where he left me all worked up before he went out , I went shopping with one purpose .
va	NN	It added character and mystery .
va	NNS	Riley held two bottles of water in either hand .
va	NN	I ´ m going to get there early .
va	NN	Verbena helped her undress , and Victoria fell gratefully onto her feather bed .
va	NN	It 's called the ozone layer .
va	NNS	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Dan noticed the dark spirits leaving from where they hovered close to her , small wisps breaking off and fading away .
va	NN	Lucy plucked the photo of a white yacht out of the pile of discarded paper .
va	NNS	One of my first acts as lieutenant was assigning officers over our troops .
va	NN	She had no recollection of events after the bar .
va	NNS	" They already stole the computers from my place , so we know that 's one place they would go .
va	NN	James left the garlic out .
va	NN	Gregor had never seen Ares dive in earnest .
va	NNS	Horrifying monsters that sucked the blood of the unwary and lived in the shadows .
va	NNS	She gripped his forearms and dug her fingers in .
va	NN	She 'd swallow her pride and move back home before she went into foster care .
va	NNS	We have the same genes .
va	NNS	She quit the parties and her friends -- former friends .
va	NNS	By now , Kowalski had unpacked the cases Painter had ordered him to bring here .
va	NN	Calvin took a verse of the song singing that if anyone bought the single they 'd sign it .
va	NN	Lori blew a stream of smoke toward the ceiling .
va	NN	He had no hesitation in giving Pace the details because Pace knew more than anyone .
va	NNS	The heat of his fingers sent tingles up my arm .
va	NN	Could you have acted any more terrified ?
va	NN	She owed him an apology for what she 'd done .
va	NNS	The sense of connection gave her goose bumps that had nothing to do with sex .
va	NNS	Worry drew his brows together .
va	NN	The real Daniel took a sip of a cup of coffee he found in his hand and the warmth filled him even more .
va	NNS	" I have two messages .
va	NN	" I 'll take the bus .
va	NNS	Hundreds of workers hauled massive stones and obelisks .
va	NN	Carl had a grunt for every scenario , probably including a couple Michael didn 't like to think about .
va	NNS	Sharing joints with talk show hosts . "
va	NN	The younger seemingly had the disadvantage .
va	NNS	Even if I wanted to sue him , how would I ever afford the lawyer fees ?
va	NNS	As for the information , I have my sources , just as I 'm sure you do . "
va	NN	We still don 't have a replacement for him .
va	NN	Noelle couldn 't suppress a little shiver of fear as it raced up her spine .
va	NNS	He listed his projects and the various things he currently had in the works .
va	NN	She accepted the lizard ; she just didn 't lean against the wall .
va	NN	Thank goodness , they didn 't set the garage on fire .
va	NNS	Wind only fans a fire 's flames , brother . "
va	NN	Surely , you have no intention of eliminating me .
va	NN	Then he gave me the same amount to put back into the poor box .
va	NNS	A nurse is tidying up the scattered newspapers on the table .
va	NN	They had formed the basis of a good working relationship with the islanders during their short stay , but now determined on leaving .
va	NN	I give you permission .
va	NN	" But I can always use a snack . "
va	NN	He will never again see a dime from me . "
va	NNS	I want instructions or a recipe or whatever . "
va	NNS	The wind felt good blowing over her body , cleansing her .
va	NN	I was just nearing the site when the toe of my shoe caught on something and I tripped and fell face first onto the ground .
va	NN	I held the bundle on the bridge of my nose and tilted my head so I could look at him .
va	NNS	He ripped off the chains that kept her upright and manufactured a blanket to wrap her nude body .
va	NNS	They have sodas , and juices .
va	NN	Edward considered the assertion .
va	NNS	All but one of the hens abandoned their nests and flocked to the ground .
va	NNS	Bax discreetly holstered his pistols , handing the kerchief back to Cordelia .
va	NNS	I protect my sources .
va	NN	The heat in this room , Samuel sent in what felt like the quietest telepathic voice he could manage , could melt a glacier .
va	NNS	He had learned his letters and numbers from Robbie , but could hardly read the first line of the Bible .
va	NN	She noticed the large fireplace that protruded out of the roof .
va	NN	I really didn 't need this additional stress .
va	NNS	But they didn 't tell the neighbours about me .
va	NNS	Lewis would edit the verbal observations , adding his own comments .
va	NN	I waved the packet at her .
va	NNS	Bride took two crispy strips while he got himself a glass of juice .
va	NN	He swung the lamp and knocked it aside .
va	NN	The toxics kill ' em .
va	NNS	And besides , I 'm wearing sneakers . "
va	NNS	He hadn 't taken off his shades when he came into the office .
va	NN	After a moment , he handed the map off to her .
va	NNS	The small space had sloped ceilings , tucked away on the top floor of the A-frame house .
va	NNS	Putting my diary into the bag , I went downstairs and took my usual seat , opposite Bev .
va	NNS	Katarina makes a few weak protests , but before long she 's lying on the ground by the shore .
va	NN	Quickly moving to the curtain to get a better look , she recognized Jim 's slight outline sitting in the porch swing .
va	NNS	He 'll take those risks .
va	NNS	For being a big helper , I gave Jacob twenty one dollar bills .
va	NN	" If this gets published , no one will pay a dime for Cooper Industries .
va	NNS	Believe me , we have the best minds working on this problem . "
va	NN	He brushed the grit from his eyelashes , gave her a polite bow , and went on his way .
va	NN	The morning sun set her ablaze like the fire had the night I first met her .
va	NN	He surveyed the chamber for himself .
va	NNS	The men who were helping with this exercise were given limits , and told what Samuel and I needed to achieve .
va	NNS	Last night should never have happened , she thought miserably .
va	NNS	The things on the other side of the bramble wall roared and shook the branches , nearly through .
va	NN	" He didn 't , " Adele heard Sali 's comment and became concerned immediately .
va	NN	He knew the value of money .
va	NN	Still , she didn 't have the fortitude to tackle any more , and she 'd grown accustomed to the sparse surroundings .
va	NNS	We were using machines to see what we could not see otherwise , and we were totally dependent on them . "
va	NNS	Misty grabbed the vines and pulled too .
va	NNS	While Sean was in the shower I ran downstairs into the laundry room and threw his clothes in the machine .
va	NNS	Plus , you really should mend fences with her . "
va	NNS	Time to improve the odds .
va	NNS	The familiarity of being in his embrace drove spikes of pain and regret through my heart .
va	NNS	We just have different levels of anxiety about it .
va	NNS	Virgil knitted his brows and bent over the neat rows of figures in the most recent account book .
va	NN	Not only can I play quarterback , I can play this game too : sarcastic bitchiness .
va	NNS	Students will dump carrots on his plate .
va	NNS	Worn black suspenders held Captain Bob 's trousers over his thin shoulders .
va	NN	" She didn 't take her lucky bracelet .
va	NN	Who would have the courage to go against the English now ?
va	NNS	" We have too many knights in this army and nowhere to put them .
va	NN	She finally finished the page , then placed it in the stack of those that contained no useful information .
va	NN	" You 've had medication this morning ? "
va	NNS	" Maybe I understand limitations better than you can imagine .
va	NN	The rebel had unleashed an assault on the western counties of the kingdom , looting villages , pillaging abbeys , and besieging royal castles .
va	NNS	Before beginning his project , Daren took both empty wine bottles and peeled off the Tree Goddess paintings .
va	NNS	' High ' , then pulled down his shorts and hung his manhood inches from my face .
va	NNS	I could no longer see the snowflakes falling .
va	NNS	" And I still have a few arrows left in my quiver to convince you . "
va	NNS	Every reader , no matter what their age is , has certain boundaries they don 't want to cross .
va	NN	Authors Note Every novel I 've ever written since 1974 involved historical research .
va	NNS	He didn 't like their odds being left like this , taped to chairs .
va	NNS	Anyway , dead or not , the woman ran such risks .
va	NN	I saw this divine diamond bracelet that I 'd love to have . "
va	NNS	I build and maintain websites .
va	NN	Charlie pulled back the tab and beer sprayed all over his face and shirt .
va	NNS	" How many attending West Point right now , all levels ? "
va	NNS	Lauren clenched her fists under the table , hoping to still her nerves .
va	NN	And you have the gall to ask - " " Why ? "
va	NNS	I am only attending the first two catwalk shows tomorrow and I expect a full tour to follow . "
va	NNS	Tavi flashed her hand signs for enemy and fleeing and pursue .
va	NNS	He captured her wrists and pinned her against an enormous tree , subduing her with very little effort .
va	NN	You cannot escape turmoil .
va	NN	I shared her exasperation .
va	NNS	After dinner , Hannah tried out the two coded messages in various positions on the cleared table .
va	NNS	But , the Survivor gave the mists to us .
va	NNS	It drives my sire nuts . "
va	NN	And yet -- Vincent fisted his golden claw and then stepped out into the late afternoon sunshine .
va	NN	Megan 's fingers found a three-inch scar on her left arm and rubbed it .
va	NN	He turned another page .
va	NNS	Ani was stuffing handfuls of camomile into the teapot .
va	NNS	" Remember the paths back down to the catacombs if you lose yourself during the mission . "
va	NNS	But she 'd spent almost her entire marriage frustrated with Keith 's absences .
va	NN	On the first night , the President and First Lady attended a grand feast at the Hotel .
va	NNS	" Now this particular dwelling housed upwards of 100 people and is the largest single construction in the park .
va	NNS	Della wiggled her brows .
va	NNS	The shelter had transparent walls and ceiling , he could see the occupants easily .
va	NN	He had no indication of the time that had passed , except for the descending chill and the fading light .
va	NNS	This discovery confirmed the hypothesis of a common origin .
va	NNS	Those had involved off-site planning projects , and here , we had the opportunity to work right in the environment .
va	NNS	" Say something , " I said miserably .
va	NN	But he was doing an extended sentence .
va	NN	Just my pride . "
va	NN	Beside her wardrobe , even his best clothes were as mere rags .
va	NNS	While unable to move his head , he scanned the seated passengers and was able to find the family seated together .
va	NNS	Their sweetness fills our empty stomachs .
va	NNS	" Perhaps we can get drinks later ?
va	NN	I took a bus here . "
va	NN	She ordered French onion soup , about the one thing she could actually enjoy , and a Diet Coke .
va	NNS	It has more feathers on it than ours do . "
va	NNS	Mom came back downstairs at the sound of the door and I stopped her .
va	NNS	Osh was not , telling the truth , when he closed his eyes , he saw images in his mind .
va	NNS	The authorities must have opened up the communication channels just for the announcement .
va	NN	Scouts and Sentinels found their courage and thronged their way up to the fray !
va	NN	His father , a physician , had given permission for his son to explore the Wild West before returning to school .
va	NNS	They consider us their partners and they want a mutual agreement to stop .
va	NN	Where had Brin found such courage ?
va	NNS	All the same , the ground around us began sloping upwards little by little .
va	NN	He spread the map out on the table in front of Arin and placed stones on each of the corners to keep it from curling .
va	NNS	Thank you again , ladies .
va	NN	She set her spoon on the table .
va	NN	Suddenly , I heard a rustle in the woods .
va	NNS	I 'd now been sitting downstairs with Jaden for thirty minutes and they still weren 't out yet .
va	NNS	The others all seem agreeable and Francesca volunteers to be the one to call him .
va	NNS	" I would hardly call this the suburbs . "
va	NNS	John would generate ideas , and Bradley would make assessments and think about their implementation strategies .
va	NN	You didn 't even give me the courtesy of raising that lovely head of yours from your work of art . "
va	NN	The youth abandoned the bridle , grabbed me by the arm , and yanked me from the saddle .
va	NNS	American corporations outsource these jobs to people in India , China , and Russia .
va	NN	Tracing the outline of his full bottom lip , his brows , his nose .
va	NN	He heard the click .
va	NNS	He read several screens worth of text about this man 's experience .
va	NNS	" I have tons of this kind of stuff .
va	NNS	Another team studied the cases , both civil and criminal , pending before the judge when he was murdered .
va	NN	He gave me the once-over , then chuckled out , " Ho ho ho !
va	NNS	" The storks eat the grapes and forget how to fly ? "
va	NNS	As she approached the table Case placed his forearms over his list and smiled at her .
va	NNS	I also want several security personnel up on the twenty-fifth floor to escort people down as they 're let go .
va	NNS	The Angel gave them precise instructions about where they needed to go in order to overtake the Turkish caravan .
va	NN	For instance , it affronted Godly pride if human beings on themselves relied .
va	NNS	When I have my own business one day it will have real stones , but for now that 's just a dream . "
va	NNS	He had very definite ideas about what the neural program was for , none of which he would dare utter in present company .
va	NN	" Did he say explosion ? "
va	NN	Remember , even Quasimodo finds his Esmeralda .
va	NN	We 've got a good amount of walking to do before we get to the spot where I found Lucas . "
va	NNS	He was always overstepping his boundaries .
va	NNS	Then Blue had bought her own chips , though it was clear the price was dear to her and nothing to Gansey .
va	NN	She noticed a strange look wash over Nathan 's face .
va	NN	Henry took the map and put it in the side pocket of his bag .
va	NN	Walking to the other side of the jailhouse , he grabbed a lantern that he 'd already lit and jumped onto the desk .
va	NN	Hunter had since discarded the paper map in favor of the electronic one on his cell phone .
va	NN	I will take my Ri § ine to attend to me , but we shall return in a short while . '
va	NN	He broke the ultimate law . "
va	NN	You can 't beg , bribe , or steal perfume in this place . "
va	NNS	The officer 's calm , even voice grated Dario 's nerves .
va	NNS	I 've pulled my grades up before ; I can do it again .
va	NNS	" Okay , " Lucy said mechanically .
va	NNS	We found no survivors anywhere in the hospital and decided to move on .
va	NNS	He kicked off the blankets , swung his feet around to the edge of the bed and sat up in the cool air .
va	NNS	Less military and international personnel , and global logistic support means fewer jobs and higher unemployment in the short term .
va	NN	My body heat raises a degree or two but then I yell at myself , " No ! "
va	NNS	But really , if you ever cheat on me again , I 'll cut your nuts off and hang them from the Empire State Building . "
va	NN	Someone has the real jewel , and I have just bloody wasted my time on you ! "
va	NN	She gives no indication of seeing me , but I know that she 's noticed .
va	NNS	I even hear insects burrowing through the earth and the wispy fluttering of butterfly wings that no human would ever be able to hear .
va	NNS	" I keep bottles for some of my customers behind the bar .
va	NNS	But we 've had two only incidents here in the last twelve years and took immediate action in both cases .
va	NN	" Secure the hatch .
va	NN	- made her pulse race with the excitement of danger and forbidden sins .
va	NNS	They teach their pups to despise us . "
va	NNS	He grabs mouthfuls of it and always eats it with a spoon .
va	NN	Gardner sealed the packet of returning dispatches and handed them over .
va	NN	Will you take Seth tux shopping ? "
va	NNS	While Dave and Buzz were preparing for golf , Steve Wilson and three other DEA agents followed the two trucks at a safe distance .
va	NNS	The smell of burning , rotting decay assaulted his nostrils as he did so , the acrid stench overpowering as he stared out into the distance .
va	NN	He couldn 't touch the idol .
va	NNS	He grabbed Kara 's wrists and twisted her grip from his jacket .
va	NN	What the heck was he doing ?
va	NN	Kylie ignored the comment .
va	NN	She placed Vann 's necklace there , among many others .
va	NNS	Standing there , Zack overheard conversations in several languages , including English .
va	NN	She couldn 't keep the invitation out of her voice .
va	NN	I have my volunteer shift in the afternoon . "
va	NNS	Then they were kissing , their mouths fused , their tongues teasing and stroking while they ripped each other 's clothes off .
va	NNS	My pulse went nuts .
va	NN	I need that amount to cover three years so I can get my J.D. " she said .
va	NNS	I married Agnes because she seemed to be a damsel in distress and I saw myself as Lancelot or Saint George .
va	NNS	What we find could end up saving thousands , though that doesn 't make it any easier .
va	NNS	She took off her oversize sunglasses .
va	NNS	Slipping into her robe as she went , she hurried downstairs , wondering who it could be .
va	NN	Even a blind person would notice her low condition .
va	NN	( He watches the kettle ; the adage is true , it refuses to boil . )
va	NNS	" Oh , I calculate at least fifty percent failure odds . "
va	NN	" Sounds like the Army . "
va	NN	If you don 't like them , we can go shopping after school . "
va	NNS	Her scent reached his nostrils .
va	NN	He couldn 't miss the subtle reminder of when he 'd bailed on their first anniversary retreat in Seychelles .
va	NN	I 'd face Mackenzie 's wrath at breakfast Tuesday .
va	NN	And Riley could see a pink mound lying in the middle .
va	NN	Mad Rogan was still fighting the metal debris .
va	NNS	" On whether or not you can follow instructions .
va	NNS	They passed three loops that wound through wooded tent campsites .
va	NNS	I 've met pet rocks who were smarter than you . "
va	NN	Was there normally this much activity on the 14th floor ?
va	NNS	He was wearing red basketball shorts , a white T-shirt , and a worn , red Sig Tau ball cap .
va	NNS	This door had steel bars over the windows and he tried the door and looked through the window .
va	NNS	I continued my visits to the national library and phoned Elise each evening .
va	NNS	I like my horror movies very , very tame !
va	NN	She lets out a huge exhale .
va	NNS	He had baggy trousers that reached to just below his knee and a top with broad black and white stripes running across it .
va	NNS	I count my blessings . "
va	NN	" We get an extra twenty percent if the temperature goes under fifty below . "
va	NNS	It 's getting super old and definitely lame .
va	NN	She brought up her scalpel and didn 't waste her breath on another yell .
va	NNS	The box contained his brushes , paints , and a container of water .
va	NNS	Maybe Aisling and Sarah might get some ideas .
va	NNS	XIII AN ODD DISCOVERY Natalie scrawled the notes on the quickly filling desk blotter before looking for the other blood sample .
va	NN	She had not lost her lover to the Ancients .
va	NNS	Long story short , the nymphs control the branches and channels .
va	NNS	Lopez took off his sunglasses .
va	NNS	They passed dozens of arched doorways that opened into large chambers , staircases , and halls .
va	NN	I drop off the tray in the kitchen , intending to come back for it later .
va	NNS	To feel her sweet curves .
va	NNS	We harvest the tendrils , dry them , and cut them up into little disks .
va	NN	She took another sip of her drink .
va	NNS	Last night , the things we did , the ropes , the blindfold ; that takes an immense level of trust .
va	NNS	Mom removed her sunglasses , and the woman stopped .
va	NNS	Already the tree bore signs of impending death .
va	NN	" I have skill in computers . "
va	NNS	Why the hell else would she have been taking notes by her car ?
va	NN	She pulls down her skirt and thong .
va	NN	She kept up a steady stream of conversation , and by the second game Grace had started to talk to her .
va	NN	" Then we 'd have a cure for phobias .
va	NNS	Then a series of deep blue streaks answered the spheres , flashing in the other direction .
va	NNS	I beat my fists on the steering wheel realizing that driving Cameron 's car had left me vulnerable to her father 's wrath .
va	NNS	" You will be exchanging rings ? "
va	NN	This time the words lacked the confidence he had before .
va	NN	Dominic filed the hint of the vampire 's ego away for future use .
va	NNS	Livvy checked her notes but seemed to know the details .
va	NN	I appreciated the guide label .
va	NN	He can see the uncomfortable writing on the wall but gives in with a nod .
va	NN	The same turn opened a new prospect to his eyes .
va	NN	With the ice , he circled one taut peak , then the other , until her back was arching up to meet each frozen caress .
va	NNS	" Let 's put some mud masks on ! "
va	NN	" Better get out your firearm before we leave here .
va	NN	The fingers brushed over her eyelashes , thumb stroking over the fragile skin of her eyelids as if to keep them shut .
va	NN	The nobles in the audience ridiculed his confidence , pointing to his ragged clothes and bare feet .
va	NN	He 'd organised a crew to come through and fix the damage to my place , but I wasn 't ready to go back there yet .
va	NN	Jennifer stops writing , turns and stares in the direction of the echoing wood .
va	NNS	And I felt only sadness .
va	NNS	" I do love movies for pure entertainment value .
va	NN	These ages of refusal and revel make a mob of the Martians .
va	NNS	Climbing vines and roses created a magical effect over trellises , gates , and the garden wall itself .
va	NN	I see the stress in your eyes , the tension in the way you stand , but your emotions are highly detached from inside my head .
va	NNS	' Your bowmen can rain arrows down on them all day long if they do that . '
va	NN	Tink opened the cooler and I set the bag on the ice .
va	NN	Josef , you have a mean streak in you .
va	NN	You 've frightened the little fellow .
va	NNS	When he got to his cave , he put his animals in the blind canyon .
va	NNS	His valet clapped silver manacles about them with an air of embarrassment .
va	NN	" I didn 't burn the goat .
va	NN	It takes courage to look elsewhere , and it takes me a long time to gather it .
va	NNS	' I 'll get the meats , wait here . '
va	NN	The thought of her father brought her even more confidence and completely settled the last of the nerves in her stomach .
va	NN	" I can 't refute your reasoning , " he said , " but I dispute the practical experience you 've had in differentiating Good from Bad .
va	NNS	She returned the three phone messages she had and found she was completely caught up .
va	NNS	" So , " she said as he walked her down the steps to a waiting black chauffeured car , " you don 't do criminal cases .
va	NNS	It 's got a few secret passages and Malcolm , the big Scot that keeps bar , lets us know if anything 's amok .
va	NNS	He is scanning the headlines of a foreign newspaper .
va	NNS	Fey do have multiple identities .
va	NNS	That tells me these stones are worth a pretty penny .
va	NNS	It still took ages to reach Hermes , but when it did , his eyes widened , and he immediately moved away from Aphrodite .
va	NNS	He sensed those emotional barriers again .
va	NNS	When he finally got to look out into the packed venue he went nuts as did the audience .
va	NN	... said the spider to the fly ... The Scot advanced with a surge of strength and determination .
va	NN	He removed his hat and held it with both hands .
va	NN	" Here , I brought a spoon for you . "
va	NNS	He didn 't do jobs like this . "
va	NNS	Then he spilled the beans , big time , and in glorious Technicolor .
va	NN	He was controlling the other tug .
va	NNS	She had seen elaborate parks and gardens .
va	NN	Back to back , Ian and Todd circled the yard .
va	NNS	She led Christian downstairs , and they walked through the alley to Blossom Street , where he 'd parked .
va	NN	About the Author Haley Phillips wrote her first novel when she was in seventh grade and has been writing ever since .
va	NNS	The hollow drove its tongues into the ground and sprang upward .
va	NN	" But how shall I find this honorable teacher ? "
va	NN	You see the lighting on the ceiling ?
va	NNS	I threw off the blankets that covered him , and he did not move .
va	NNS	Tormented by burning thirst and hunger , she discarded her stubbornness and walked towards the food and water .
va	NN	" Take your stupid soup ! "
va	NN	Briefly , I felt the air shift around me and became heavier and toxic .
va	NNS	I always embellish other people 's ideas .
va	NNS	Mike produces a high pitched , blood chilling scream .
va	NN	He would give her the divorce she had paid for five years ago and he would never again trust his heart to a woman .
va	NNS	A screeching roar saturated Cole 's eardrums .
va	NNS	She missed her visits here .
va	NNS	And he 'd delivered hundreds of babies .
va	NN	" I can see the sunlight again . "
va	NNS	Religion , view from this angle , includes patterns of behavior but also patterns of language and thought .
va	NN	He reverently picked up a fragment and showed it to me .
va	NN	She didn 't need a clinging maid knocking her off balance if she had to shift into a fighting stance .
va	NNS	She has worn many different hats in her lifetime .
va	NNS	She 'd even had lofty goals of becoming a counselor some day .
va	NNS	" Yes , they count their ages by decades rather than by years .
va	NN	Her eyes met a small console that referred to the shut down features of the treadmill .
va	NNS	" Why so many plants ? "
va	NN	Vampires suffered intense agony if they were forced to go for long periods of time without feeding .
va	NNS	The top half had two straps holding it in place and scrunched together tightly below my breasts .
va	NNS	I 'd even made reservations to ensure they 'd be out when Jude showed up .
va	NN	" Got any grub ?
va	NNS	Lost for words and choking back his tears , Ben held up her letters and fountain pen .
va	NNS	Callie never exhibited any signs that she held a grudge toward her .
va	NNS	I could only imagine the important messages the girls in this class found necessary to send him .
va	NN	Trust Gavin to skirt the issue and go straight to the one that was triggering his jealousy .
va	NNS	I want intelligent conversations about art and culture !
va	NNS	Same sleep shorts as last night , but a pink tank top this time .
va	NN	Why I don 't waste a heck of a lot of time judging others .
va	NN	I missed the sunlight so much it hurt .
va	NN	Now she was giving him free reign over her beautiful body .
va	NN	The software then projected a camera coverage pattern over the virtual streetscape .
va	NNS	" Should I wish the Steward of this court my congratulations or condolences ? "
va	NNS	I have waited several lifetimes for her .
va	NNS	This endorsement always drew laughs from students , despite it being very true .
va	NNS	Kids ripped open their closets and burrowed through everything , looking for last year 's cutoffs and a shirt without sleeves or a fleece lining .
va	NNS	Rolling her eyes in exasperation , she attached several snowflakes to the tree .
va	NN	When he drew back he left her panting .
va	NNS	She fluttered her lashes at him , all innocence .
va	NNS	Another location , still in the business district but a distance east of the previous one , displayed dozens of heat signatures spilling out into the streets .
va	NN	Unfortunately , she 'd exploited that tendency to its fullest .
va	NN	He clutched his lapel in complete shock .
va	NNS	Would she have issued some demands herself such as a repeat performance ?
va	NNS	She would discuss her boyfriends and financial problems while giving me acupuncture treatments as we began to see each almost every day .
va	NN	The cruiser stunned another dwarf .
va	NNS	She handed the rabbits to him , and Sprout leaped forward to take the quail from me , too .
va	NNS	We 'd been selling small communications devices and credit hacks for a couple of years , dealing our talents for cigarettes and spirits .
va	NN	It lay horizontal , just a few feet out from the edge of the pit .
va	NNS	She lifted her brows and looked at him .
va	NNS	The gentleman purchased several cigars and left .
va	NN	" Can I have your autograph ? "
va	NNS	" I 've been given instructions not to visit the manor today . "
va	NN	Ray took the hint and propped in the doorway .
va	NN	" My lord husband , he did request private audience . "
va	NNS	Karma really wasn 't picking up the hints .
va	NN	Knowing what was under the bra , I let my fingers slide underneath to lift the bra off of those perky tits .
va	NN	Get your pretty little self up and get dressed . "
va	NN	Wraith form always worked up an appetite in her .
va	NN	He didn 't have Cain 's temper , Cain 's confidence or Cain 's strength .
va	NN	" Yes , I must maintain top physical condition .
va	NNS	He had cuts on his face and arms .
va	NNS	She even heard Damon 's instantaneous telepathy : No , little fool !
va	NN	" Enough sugar ? "
va	NN	She sports a scarlet streak in her hair .
va	NNS	The annual interest on their vast accumulation far outstripped the outer limits of their most exorbitant spending sprees .
va	NNS	I shook off the chills that ran down the left side of my body and stepped onto the aircraft .
va	NN	He pulled a map from his pocket and circled a dock .
va	NN	Thou shalt purge the abomination , banish the afflicted , for it is an offense Hell cannot deign to hold .
va	NN	While humans were to be protected , demons were never extended the same courtesy .
va	NN	I had a revelation .
va	NN	She took a sip from the cup , and then her face brightened a little .
va	NN	One had a captain 's hat and a peg leg from the knee down .
va	NN	I don 't want your limping slowing me down . "
va	NN	Anyway , enjoy your freedom . "
va	NN	He felt her shiver .
va	NN	When she opened the door she saw a younger , stunning Jacy in a cape and hat , her hair dangling down in soft curls .
va	NNS	Now , I know the odds of finding him are slim , but if anyone could make a splash in the Deeps , it would be him .
va	NNS	Roaring to life , the machine gun pounded dozens of rounds into the building and filled the air with the deafening chatter .
va	NN	He was warily holding a spear out in front of him .
va	NN	They even had a photo of Jo-Jo sitting on the steps with Eva and Phillip , and she wasn 't even at the gala .
va	NN	I am not posting your bail , because I feel that the best place for you is in here .
va	NN	A wave of faint straw made its appearance at the edges and then swept inward , until all the darker color was gone .
va	NN	" I need honesty from you , Danika .
va	NN	" Dude , don 't you check your voicemail ? "
va	NNS	I broke their bars and rescued them . "
va	NNS	" The troglodyte who let Stone defile my gym shorts and then wrote me up because I wouldn 't wear them afterwards ?
va	NNS	I thrust the documents at him .
va	NNS	" And then I will put up wards around that house . "
va	NNS	McBride , in the course of the next couple of hours , found three views that he could do justice to with his watercolours .
va	NNS	They had once had our advantages .
va	NN	Out of the tornado a red dragon attacked the mage .
va	NNS	" We are taught many jobs so that we can always survive in a capitalistic country like America .
va	NN	He 'd never understood the temptation .
va	NN	On the other hand his physical appearance and self-effacing manner belied this elevated stature in his field .
va	NN	I took a shift on the shovel .
va	NN	Cara , on the other hand , was contemplating buying .
va	NNS	Many upon the plateau called back , others made helpless gestures with their hands ; Beorn stood and watched , turning and pacing with agitation .
va	NN	It reflects the " greater love hath no man " verse as well as dozens of other blessings .
va	NNS	Red marks circled my wrists , but it wasn 't too bad .
va	NNS	Turning a corner , she saw dozens of reflections of a round blue light bulb .
va	NN	I du n no . "
va	NNS	His own sons had sought their fortunes elsewhere , but his six workers were nearly as close to him as sons .
va	NN	He felt a stab of guilt , but made himself remember all the aching days he 'd spent rolling in pain .
va	NNS	" I have no regrets . "
va	NN	And heard a helicopter .
va	NN	What the heck are you talking about ? "
va	NNS	She took ages doing it up .
va	NN	" Do you have any alcohol in your pack ?
va	NN	before he recognized the Ruthie , who looked like she was trying not to cry .
va	NN	Brick joined the prone posture as the pair lay for several minutes .
va	NNS	Simultaneously Jonas pulled the igniter rings .
va	NNS	In fact before their elevation to Hermit Island they had spent summers ensconced in a humble cottage next to ours .
va	NNS	I heard gunshots -- for a while .
va	NNS	She flicked switches quickly , while the radio crackled with angry complaints from Nairobi tower .
va	NNS	Its underside had two roaming tendrils , two throbbing suckers , and a mass of smaller tendrils near its belly .
va	NN	It made his skin crawl .
va	NN	He 'd weeded the garden and was now erecting a fence around the backyard .
va	NNS	We have boundaries , remember ? "
va	NN	Years ago , when I was a kid , Delilah 's had a flat teapot made out of plywood .
va	NNS	She saw reporters milling about outside , microphones at the ready .
va	NNS	" I have some ideas .
va	NN	Mike snapped his flashlight on and led the way inside .
va	NN	Winston grasped his spear as if his very existence depended on it -- which it very well might .
va	NNS	George watched Agnes with evident amusement .
va	NN	I gathered my nerve and reached for the doorframe .
va	NN	When she did , Mona slid the bracelet off her wrist and into her pocket .
va	NN	Then my arm hit a grate blocking my path .
va	NN	She 'd had a very thorough education .
va	NNS	Gwendolen put the notes into her mother 's hands and moved hastily toward the door .
va	NNS	We had roles that we played when we were around each other , and now Nuala was letting me down .
va	NNS	" I don 't do presents , so consider this my gift for the duration of your dual lifetimes . "
va	NNS	Pandora and Marlon 's had their showers now , so you can have yours . "
va	NNS	She shifted the images this way and that like puzzle pieces , changing the sequence and searching for clues .
va	NNS	Which means no more parties unless they 're benefit galas or charity events . "
va	NN	Good gods , I could real y be expel ed and sent to live with Lucian .
va	NNS	I 'd known the werewolves slightly .
va	NN	They scanned the docks for signs of the dead , but there was no one nearby .
va	NNS	We sustained heavy casualties . "
va	NN	We can 't use invisibility and compulsion for the rest of our lives !
va	NN	He had largely lived off the good graces of my father , but still he contributed when necessitated by outside circumstances .
va	NN	The bull took its wrath out upon this intruder in the herd .
va	NNS	" Then why don 't these people just leave the big cities ?
va	NNS	We 're filming the fight scenes .
va	NNS	Slowly she and the wolf crossed the sands toward the cluster of tents , aiming for the only one that still glowed with light .
va	NNS	They only have so many bolts and darts .
va	NN	To have a blot on your perfect conquest record ?
va	NN	She hadn 't had the courage to air that particular problem with Jessica or the fact that Jake had suggested they get married .
va	NN	Her right hand hugged her tummy -- a pregnant belly protruding out and covered by a loose burgundy blouse .
va	NN	I can at least do the cleaning . "
va	NN	He owned a ranch and wore boots and a hat all the time .
va	NNS	We were using rocks and chisels before . "
va	NN	I threw the lamp at the door .
va	NNS	Because he would not be like the ancient kings in the song and keep her for himself .
va	NN	I watched her stoop down and pick up my note .
va	NN	Mikhail recognized Raven as his .
va	NN	The willowy bride gave the minister a gentle tap on the arm .
va	NNS	A smile softened the edges of his mouth .
va	NN	Kennan spent the weeks drilling into my head where to go if something happened , and who I would need to contact .
va	NN	" I have no intention of following in my dad 's footsteps .
va	NNS	" Start the preparations immediately .
va	NNS	" But if your brothers are trying to use our daughter to pick up women , I will kick their asses . "
va	NN	She flings a bucket of water onto Melisandre , who , being a fire priestess , promptly turns to wet ash and dies .
va	NNS	" Through at least three episodes of Bewitched .
va	NNS	The ringing of the phone interrupted her musings .
va	NNS	So Torrance just cut the branches that were over our property line .
va	NNS	He 'd expected hysterics or crying .
va	NNS	The doors all hid different prizes ; some worth having like a holiday to Majorca but behind others were just a cheap Biro or something .
va	NN	" I 'll give Dale the benefit of a doubt for now . "
va	NNS	" But they 're penalizing the wrong parties .
va	NN	Amongst his current crop of children there was one who stood out from them all , Fernando Garcia .
va	NNS	" He is treating our study volunteers .
va	NNS	The commissioner smoothed his robes and sat down .
va	NNS	Manhattan , which had a wall similar to this one , had similar alarms .
va	NNS	Since she 's already lived in New York for a while , she 's showing me the ropes .
va	NN	To ease your own conscience ?
va	NN	I can feel a power surge through me , one that I have never felt before and anger .
va	NN	The woman 's cryptic words were only increasing her curiosity .
va	NN	You and I will find an alternate route to where they are . "
va	NNS	I shake my head helplessly and sigh heavily .
va	NNS	It would 've made headlines .
va	NNS	Meet my ladies . "
va	NN	My brain could use a holiday . "
va	NNS	" Why are they serving life sentences , in that case ? "
va	NNS	They both looked terrified .
va	NNS	I got some neat materials while scavenging a Stargazer vessel awhile back .
va	NN	I twirled the splinter in my fingers and it responded like a joystick .
va	NNS	" I have seen too many couples marry because of one indiscretion -- and endure years of agony as a result .
va	NN	" Watch this boulder , it " s slippery . "
va	NN	Josh carried a flashlight and shone it on the ground as they neared .
va	NN	I heard a soft click as he locked the door .
va	NN	And all eyes followed the policeman as they approached the reception desk .
va	NN	Someone rushed forward to Douglas the minute they entered the gallery .
va	NN	She 'd bought some beautiful yarn in Paris and a scarf would be the perfect thing to knit .
va	NN	Michael smiled his appreciation for her compliment .
va	NNS	We can 't afford any more human attacks , and we know they 're still after Casey . "
va	NNS	DC Hammond went back downstairs slowly , considering the implications of the situation .
va	NN	She chugged the remainder of her coffee and headed into the kitchen to start cleaning .
va	NN	" Don 't be afraid , my dear fellow .
va	NN	Nevertheless , not caring that he 'd be feeding Lloyd 's suspicions , he 'd instructed his chauffeur that he 'd find his own way home .
va	NNS	It scooped rocks and sand diagonally into the air , whisked them off at tangents as though they were on the outskirts of a tornado .
va	NN	Since September 11th the government is secretly monitoring trading activity at a much higher level .
va	NNS	The slit fell open halfway up my thigh , exposing my leg .
va	NN	came a blood-curdling roar .
va	NN	" If I could make a suggestion ? "
va	NNS	He described the apparitions in detail , searching his memory for the smallest things that he might remember .
va	NN	He 's so ecstatic about going snake hunting today , he can hardly get the camp site dismantled and loaded into the car quick enough .
va	NN	' How dare you treat Luther like that , you rotten bully ! '
va	NN	The arrows hit an invisible barrier , dangling in the air for moments before falling useless to the ground .
va	NNS	Cars honked their horns as they weaved through traffic and barely made it through a yellow light in time .
va	NNS	She had daughters , and so he and his brother were the sons she 'd never had .
va	NNS	His feet pushed the floorboards like rudder pedals .
va	NNS	It would lift her spirits . "
va	NN	He teased the swollen peak mercilessly before he moved on to the other one .
va	NN	When I place the barrel against Luther 's chest , I can taste the madness , and my God it 's sweet .
va	NN	Never mind my appearance it 's all part of my experience .
va	NNS	Noah , never needing to be told twice , rushed forwards .
va	NN	She flicked the second switch and stepped outside to make sure it didn 't control the porch light .
va	NN	When no explanation was forthcoming , the soldier passed a pouch over to Jason .
va	NN	But everything had a price .
va	NNS	He reminded pilots and armed swat teams on board for the hunt to be careful if they spotted the creature .
va	NN	She could hear the museum director chatting with the guards on the other side of the shelves .
va	NNS	Yet she knew his intentions , and without any force whatsoever , he 'd taken her ... and she let him .
va	NNS	She doesn 't trust strangers and why would she ?
va	NN	Cindy 's words were feeding his paranoia .
va	NN	Rawlings entered the room empty-handed , a look of dread on his face .
va	NN	Why couldn 't they just take the hint ?
va	NNS	Madeline lowered the sunglasses down her nose and gave the shopkeeper a cool , indifferent stare .
va	NN	But Nash always had a girlfriend .
va	NNS	" Any messages ? "
va	NNS	He hopped off his boxes , a knife flashing in his hand .
va	NNS	And in the evening , she wore those black cocktail hats with veils , you know , that women used to wear years ago .
va	NNS	That usually did not include his employees , of course .
va	NN	I had no appetite .
va	NNS	Worked two jobs , spent time with me .
va	NNS	Maybe he wanted pancakes , as well .
va	NN	The screen flashed a series of images of a young , twenty-something man stumbling out of nightclub with tall , gorgeous women hanging on each arm .
va	NN	We reached the summit as the sun was nearing the horizon and decided on a site for our camp .
va	NN	After we run them off , Hyde and I hold our post until the morning watch relieves us .
va	NNS	" I 'll take this downstairs .
va	NN	James gave her the foil packet .
va	NN	I had made a crude capsule .
va	NN	He 'd given Alex a mental nudge to make her return to her conversation .
va	NN	To his credit , he didn 't take the bait .
va	NNS	" She can have guests at my discretion , " Lana corrected , fists on her hips .
va	NN	Swiftly , the paramedics inserted an oxygen tube , hoisting her onto a trolley , and into the ambulance .
va	NNS	Mothers grabbed and held their sons , fathers hugged their daughters .
va	NN	The Great Soup Scandal surely deserved a more seasoned , by-the-book reporter .
va	NN	He speared another hunk of toast with a strip of bacon for good measure and shoveled it in .
va	NN	Vicki thrust the tray into Bobbie Sue 's hands .
va	NN	He continued his slow , sensual stroking .
va	NNS	They must be reading our energy fields , isolating us by the one thing that sets us all apart .
va	NNS	But give me the facts .
va	NNS	Inside Pigeon found six sleek pistols .
va	NN	He admired my honesty and agreed to respect my wishes . "
va	NN	Two players built a kingdom of black or white tiles , each with lines or circles that interlocked with other pieces .
va	NN	She stabs the orb attached to my arm and the effect of its release is a full-body numbing .
va	NN	But I kept the radio off and kept my windows closed , traveling in complete silence as I tried to understand what was happening here .
va	NNS	Jon 's throaty chuckle sent shivers of excitement down her spine .
va	NN	Ethan pulled out his radio , and said , " Burke here .
va	NN	But you hinder my tale , Maia .
va	NNS	Watch out , you 've dumped some arrows . "
va	NN	I reapplied my lipstick , stalling for time , and then took a deep breath as we made our way back to our table .
va	NNS	" Years ago we concocted a serum we hoped would cure the werewolves , but it wasn 't effective .
va	NNS	And we will also need recommendations for what we can do to make these pump stations less vulnerable .
va	NNS	Do you have any ideas why that man was killed ?
va	NNS	" So , back to the issue of the wolves not answering , any legitimate causes you can think of ? "
va	NNS	Sage took off his spectacles and rubbed his eyes .
va	NNS	He had already downed two bottles of water with only one left .
va	NN	" You took your necklace off . "
va	NNS	The motel had cabins behind it , so she rented one of the cabins .
va	NN	He also wore a gold chain necklace .
va	NNS	Quin simply followed standards he 'd set for himself .
va	NNS	The faith of the leaders of a ministry they support matters to most pastors who preach the gospel . "
va	NNS	Panting , we continued ever onwards , the stairs spiraling around and around like a massive auger , throwing us skywards like abandoned earth .
va	NN	Twelve Thirty entered the corridor to find it empty .
va	NNS	Without noticing it Sander wrapped thick vines around his legs entangling him completely .
va	NN	" He has spoken to you a law , a law invested with eternity .
va	NNS	Large army trucks carried the troops and pulled 10 covered trailers .
va	NN	Black covered violet , then red covered black , glowing ominously .
va	NN	On the ground floor they could also see along a corridor of polished floorboards that led to set of rooms .
va	NN	Only two of them had seen Denny signal .
va	NNS	Slightly shaking his head , he pulled his brows in .
va	NNS	Chapter Eighteen Priscilla I hated scary movies .
va	NNS	" I know martial arts .
va	NNS	Her body felt weightless as she moved into the air , higher .
va	NNS	" Yeah , we treat our employees well .
va	NN	As I predicted , mom was already performing surgery in the operating room .
va	NNS	She had other matters that were just as important to her , such as , her family 's youngest editions to the world of the dead .
va	NN	I always had a longing to leave this pirate 's world behind but never had the reason , until I met you .
va	NN	" Not that old legend again . "
va	NNS	Could he read minds , too ?
va	NN	The force of the blow shook the chamber .
va	NNS	Surprisingly though , I did have some successes .
va	NN	He saw the pit of hellfire .
va	NN	It adds fruit . "
va	NN	" You can bet your bonnet it is , my lady . "
va	NNS	He pulled out grapes , bread , cheese , and champagne .
va	NN	said the man , blinking his eyes at her in obviously faked ignorance .
va	NNS	I feel sadness for her again , for having to live with such constant criticism .
va	NNS	" You met any vamps yet ?
va	NN	Forster acknowledged the honesty and nodded .
va	NN	We don 't know the magnitude of what we 're facing .
va	NNS	No , I want pancakes . "
va	NN	Hannah felt a surge of relief .
va	NNS	" It only holds two bullets .
va	NN	Carbonell was her usual cocky self , oblivious to the real danger , confident that her men would follow and watch her back .
va	NNS	May I offer my congratulations , by the way ? "
va	NNS	Turning the bag over , I watch two thin bars fall to the slab .
va	NNS	At best , they 'd see two boats -- tiny dots -- on the horizon and give them not a second thought .
va	NNS	He swirled the contents of his goblet before taking a small sip .
va	NN	Dad had a garden shed , his den as he used to call it .
va	NNS	But a couple of days after the bust they completely changed their minds .
va	NNS	" I have thousands of potential matches ? "
va	NN	Women are taken advantage of in the blink of an eye when the opportunity is given .
va	NNS	Well , I 'll go back downstairs to call the restaurant . "
va	NN	Young Barry will play rhythm to thicken up the bass end . '
va	NN	" I 'd have assumed a bachelor like you would prefer a penthouse co-op . "
va	NNS	I pay taxes . "
va	NNS	" Teachers were important people , " Riley says then yawns .
va	NNS	" Let 's just say , I embraced my weirdness . "
va	NNS	Follow my instructions ... I want you to think of the place we met a few weeks ago .
va	NNS	In fact , he might just kill Gaius before he could convince him that the fiasco wasn 't his fault .
va	NNS	I can hear Blake downstairs on the telephone .
va	NNS	He made fists with both hands and clenched them tight .
va	NN	Suddenly , I felt a stab of panic .
va	NNS	No politically correct stance could cover all those circumstances .
va	NN	I can detect the taint of him but cannot find his exact location without going out to face all three of them . "
va	NN	I could take a bus .
va	NNS	The next day they reached landmarks more quickly .
va	NN	I had the advantage , now .
va	NN	He takes my tablet and connects it by a USB cord to his computer .
va	NN	Cassy picked up a brush and ran it through her hair .
va	NNS	She put her sunglasses on top of her head , and he helped her hold the Nikon steady while she gazed through the lens .
va	NN	" He was delivering mail at the time , and he kept seeing a teenage boy over by the abandoned steel office . "
va	NN	All she really had to do was look in his eyes and see the tenderness there , the longing .
va	NN	He has never considered the allowance of his rage to manifest an act of submission until now .
va	NNS	Her toenails were painted different colours .
va	NNS	So far , we hadn 't really had any conversations about Monica , and I was worried that she was going to have a bad delayed reaction .
va	NN	For an instant , in the muted lighting of the plane , he saw a softness in Rachel 's eyes that reminded him of Celia .
va	NNS	Why couldn 't we have human beings for neighbours ? '
va	NNS	She has made a few notes , done a little work on her research .
va	NN	She saw her locket around his neck .
va	NNS	We may enjoy sports , but we respect authority .
va	NN	I opened my packet and held up the cake .
va	NN	He stirred sugar into his coffee .
va	NNS	Once more , McKie studied the contents of the cart .
va	NNS	Her long , narrow hands and feet had only four digits each .
va	NN	The blade had a fuller running down the length .
va	NNS	" All right then , " she said briskly .
va	NNS	He slid the contents from the envelope and his blood ran cold .
va	NN	She burst his illusion about their relationship .
va	NN	After about five minutes Emelia heard a click .
va	NNS	Instead , he traced light circles .
va	NNS	All of them had masks draped around their necks .
va	NN	She displayed her straight and triumph gleamed in her eyes .
va	NN	I was blocking the only exit for him , so he backed toward the corner .
va	NNS	" We took those missing supernaturals and looked for an associated supernatural event . "
va	NNS	We even took casualties doing that .
va	NNS	I didn 't like situations like this .
va	NN	Yet each room has its own fireplace for warmth .
va	NNS	I gripped the straps of the " swing " tightly , getting more and more nervous by the moment .
va	NN	No , she and Colin had an agreement , and at the end , they would go their separate ways .
va	NN	Vermin have a knack for survival .
va	NNS	I could not complete my sentences .
va	NNS	Jeeps dump trucks , Hummers , and tractor-trailer combos carrying who knows what .
va	NN	I placed too much emotional value on sweets .
va	NN	Even if he found it , he needed the owner 's permission to give it to me , and we couldn 't reach him . "
va	NN	You can 't start a new community looking over your shoulder . "
va	NNS	They won 't have heard these songs ; at least anyone who could make a difference won 't .
va	NN	She felt jaded and her mind bruised .
va	NNS	" I didn 't hear screams .
va	NNS	" I don 't want explanations , Edwin .
va	NN	With his brother ten feet away , and an unknown assailant just around the corner .
va	NN	One had a data pad that she was busy scrolling through .
va	NNS	She had been taking her vitamins religiously , and now felt just as sick as before she had started taking them .
va	NNS	Why else would he travel thousands of leagues to an isolated island ?
va	NNS	Sarah fought back the tremors that started deep within her soul .
va	NNS	However , faced with work the next day and knowing that she would see her patient started the stress levels rising again .
va	NN	Seems to me he has a knack for knowing the right thing to say . "
va	NNS	Now he could hear footsteps .
va	NNS	His warm breath sent goose bumps cascading down the right side of her body .
va	NN	He tossed the penny in the fountain and then pulled me close .
va	NN	How would she have gotten that photo of Emily and Tabitha or of Tabitha lying twisted and broken on the sand ?
va	NNS	And maybe you can influence the minds of these military people , but you can 't influence me !
va	NN	The wind picked up the topmost layer and whirled it into the air , throwing it into my face and drawing patterns in the grains .
va	NN	What the heck was this person doing here ?
va	NN	A group of four soldiers race up the gangway from the dock door .
va	NN	You can hear the impatience when I don 't perform to his satisfaction .
va	NNS	' They must 've trained those rats !
va	NN	Emily may have called her plain , but there was nothing plain about Lucky .
va	NN	He heard a bump from the passenger side .
va	NNS	He furrowed his brows .
va	NNS	Clare prepared by getting the helmet out of the bank again , and fitting out the truck bed with wrapped hay bales again .
va	NN	Which I don 't know the whole amount . "
va	NNS	I don 't like coincidences . "
va	NNS	" Behold the instruments of your destruction . "
va	NNS	Blake furrowed his brown brows .
va	NN	Connie gave a little giggle like that was the most ridiculous thing she 'd heard .
va	NN	I 'm glad you know now , kind of lets a little stress off the old shoulders .
va	NN	I stabbed the zero before the disembodied voice could change its mind .
va	NNS	Ever hear about opposites attracting ? "
va	NN	I did a quick scan of the room and sat down opposite him .
va	NNS	The children struggle as they drag their cousins through the thick brush .
va	NN	I have had a nightmare , the same nightmare I have had almost every night for the last six years .
va	NN	If you 're not keeping up , the FBI is still holding its collective dick over the last job .
va	NNS	When he breathed in the fumes from those bowls , what personal horrors did he see ?
va	NNS	" I understand the risks .
va	NNS	" Studying my veins . "
va	NN	She didn 't have any carry-on baggage other than a book , and neither did Ronan .
va	NNS	" I 've never had a penis in me before .
va	NNS	" Can we even stop Ares ? "
va	NNS	I headed downstairs to see that everyone was sitting at the table , quietly eating their breakfast .
va	NN	" I admire your honesty , commander , but it doesn 't matter .
va	NN	" Did anyone film this parade ? "
va	NNS	Sighing , she tore several strips of cloth from the bottom of her robe and knelt in front of him , between his legs .
va	NN	On the first evening , his mother and sisters prepare a feast and invite all their family and friends to celebrate .
va	NNS	Were they testing their limits ?
va	NNS	He had horns and hooves and told stories to other beasties .
va	NNS	They 'd turned out all the flashlights but one , to conserve energy , but it sure made for spooky surroundings .
va	NN	" Now she can see and hear the ocean . "
va	NN	Mrs Cassidy had never taken a holiday .
va	NN	He felt no guilt .
va	NN	" Thanks , and oh , you better send a unit to Mallory Edwards ' apartment .
va	NN	I expect a farewell feast , but instead she has something important to show us .
va	NN	Father Francis cal ed , walking briskly from the back of the church .
va	NN	Who knows , said the teacher .
va	NN	" What if I tell every member of my club that I rode between your thighs ?
va	NN	So he 'd heard the man 's murmur , too .
va	NNS	Once he pressed the Autopilot icon , Albert imagined Teleport 's computers winding up like a human brain evaluating a complex math problem .
va	NNS	Before all this happened , I would have made regular visits here with my mum .
va	NNS	I unfastened Jasmine 's cuffs , hoping I wasn 't making a mistake .
va	NNS	' ' Don 't forget your big sis ' . "
va	NN	Everyone else in her family had some shade of brown eyes , yet she had eyes so blue people often commented on them .
va	NN	Even knowing their reputation , we 'd not expected mayhem on such a scale .
va	NNS	* This room has bad smells , and it is getting cold .
va	NNS	He had opinions , and he wasn 't the sort to keep them to himself .
va	NN	" I can feel my sem * n in you .
va	NN	Seeing his request for assistance they shrugged their apology at being unable to directly help and continued with their chat .
va	NNS	To never make false oaths .
va	NNS	Leaning against a tree as the gargoyle pulled aside bushes and fallen rocks Shay absently rubbed the muscles of her legs .
va	NNS	I clipped the cuffs onto the ring on each end and stood back , marveling at her .
va	NNS	He used his male followers to sell the drugs , and he pimped out his female followers .
va	NNS	Lyssa felt the edges of her diary .
va	NN	What the heck could they possibly want ?
va	NN	If that jumper has any true loved ones , then they do a merciful injection and handle the details .
va	NNS	In this exclusive neighborhood each estate had several acres ; thus , few houses were near by .
va	NNS	" You have a very sharp tongue princess . "
va	NNS	I 've seen enough movies to know you 're not supposed to do that . "
va	NN	" I du n no what the hell to think .
va	NN	Let 's go get find a good snack . "
va	NNS	Adam followed her instructions precisely and after a while he got to the suburbs where Jim Stalin 's home was located .
va	NN	His finger traced the worst scar , the one circling my right breast .
va	NN	That knowledge , not the fear of any impending torture , gave him a surge of furious energy .
va	NN	The goblins could make no complaint against her .
va	NN	But then , like a bark in the night , I heard one sharp grunt and then it seemed that al hel broke loose in the woods .
va	NNS	When he spoke , he jarred the nerves of everyone in the waiting area .
va	NN	I seriously hated that cartoon .
va	NNS	Guy clenched his fists and let out a hissing breath .
va	NN	Abdul 's voice carried a hint of sarcasm .
va	NN	She felt the slick moisture pooling between her thighs , arousal bunching her stomach muscles .
va	NNS	For a moment , Andra let the images of their past days flood through her minds eye .
va	NN	He received a grunted acknowledgement in response .
va	NN	Amazingly , I could smell a combination of nice cologne and something musky .
va	NN	After a quarter hour of creeping forward , carefully keeping within sight of each other , they reached an exit of sorts .
va	NN	She picked up her helmet , turned towards the door .
va	NN	Jake gave the room a quick scan and motioned for Marie to come over .
va	NNS	Did you get any more ideas for your next book proposal ? "
va	NNS	Mrs. Cleo dropped the exams on our desks , snapping her fingers .
va	NNS	He had all his notes and printouts of the emails from Karen in his briefcase .
va	NN	Bo 's lips thinned , a clear indication that he didn 't like my reasoning , but it didn 't stop him from coming to my aid .
va	NNS	With renewed determination , she explored the edges of the room .
va	NNS	By the time of the Renaissance in the 14th century , deep seated mistrust pervaded national and ideological boundaries throughout Western Europe .
va	NN	" You know me too well , cousin , but you know why I came here .
va	NNS	I could see faint images of the paintballs , as they neared the van , but not enough to determine the trajectory with any accuracy .
va	NNS	" I will tackle those boxes Sunday morning . "
va	NN	Pulling the link from Pierce 's waiting e-mail , she rang up the New York Times web site .
va	NNS	He misses his animals .
va	NN	I hear a click as something releases and I watch in amazement as the wall opens up revealing a hidden hallway .
va	NN	You might even remember the screams .
va	NN	Katie Lee ( Don 't call her Honey .
va	NNS	This one had no monsters in it .
va	NN	He swallowed some rum and coke .
va	NNS	Something else was holding the demons in check .
va	NNS	And the corks were all hanging upwards , or downwards .
va	NNS	Mike finished the restraints and we installed them on Ted 's bed this afternoon .
va	NNS	Unusual personal experiences , and a desire to make sense of the world around me .
va	NNS	Boss arched his brows , and they peeked over the top rim of his sunglasses .
va	NNS	" I don 't like coincidences . "
va	NN	She just cleaned her attic . "
va	NN	If this is a fair trial , by supernatural High Law , I want representation . "
va	NN	I remember the bruises from a few weeks ago and think I may have just hurt her .
va	NN	Ellen showed no delight at seeing him .
va	NNS	Tomorrow night , he would free the drones .
va	NN	He 'll take the Vessel and bring the police . "
va	NN	Rohr scanned his audience and settled on the nearest one , a lady on the front row .
va	NN	If anything , you took advantage of me . "
va	NN	He dragged the protesting apprentice from the communal sleeping mat and pulled him into the street , turned his face to the sky and hissed .
va	NN	" Ding ding ding !
va	NN	Leona twisted her adorable necklace around her finger .
va	NN	My cousin Zechariah , a priest with gray hairs , being kicked by the soldiers of Herod .
va	NNS	Evidently he believes the legends , too . "
va	NN	Major Smythe ignored the innuendo .
va	NN	She just doesn 't have the experience racing in muddy conditions .
va	NNS	He reported the facts that Samantha had already learned the hard way as if he were reading from a textbook .
va	NN	Why are you reading that manual ? "
va	NN	Chapter 9 In the morning , Elena woke feeling strangely let down .
va	NN	We could bring a new dawn of Evil to bear . "
va	NN	A tear made a solo cameo appearance .
va	NN	" Granted permission by whom ? "
va	NN	Thankfully , he was armed , the benefit of arriving on a Secret Service jet with official Canadian clearance .
va	NN	She could read a page and recite it verbatim .
va	NNS	The banner read immortal battles .
va	NN	The trio from the roof made haste through the labyrinth of sterile passageways to the other end of the floor .
va	NN	She scooped up the remainder of the newspapers and headed for the disposal in the hall .
va	NNS	" I 've got several ideas on how you were able to alter the course of that car .
va	NNS	Pulling him up , I tapped the smooth stones with my foot .
va	NNS	Okay , Dick 's been making notes to himself while he goes through the family 's medical records for the year , getting ready for tax time .
va	NN	Then again , maybe I could ask my mother 's cousin , Myrtle , and her daughter , Willow , to help us .
va	NN	" How long before we have a command crew ? "
va	NNS	" Neither do three wrongs . "
va	NNS	" We all have bloody bills to pay , sensei .
va	NNS	" Whatever , " Nick said , knowing that nothing Julian could say would ruffle Kelly 's feathers .
va	NN	I touched her elbow .
va	NNS	You could access other unexplored worlds ? "
va	NN	He pulled out the matches from the Hillcrest Country Club in Century City .
va	NNS	We use RDX high explosive .
va	NNS	You also need vitamins .
va	NN	" Real life with you and our family beats any fairy tale , hands down . "
va	NN	I narrowed my aim to his chest .
va	NNS	Besides , I have seen many summers and winters , enough for one lifetime of pain , and I feel old .
va	NNS	" Now , then , " Hecate said briskly .
va	NNS	She would crochet wispy sweaters and bake cheerful pastries to support herself .
va	NNS	Gray traced the dead man 's footsteps .
va	NNS	She was there with her stories about lonely children befriending rabbits .
va	NNS	Make no promises or commitments .
va	NNS	It did sound urgent ; it wasn 't just the fact that Wayne was hungry .
va	NN	She deserved an apology .
va	NNS	And let me tell you , I had hundreds of tricks up my proverbial sleeve .
va	NN	It had the best shopping and nightlife and ... " Her eyes twinkled with delight as she reminisced , her cheeks crinkling in a large smile .
va	NN	The senior Rosen 's nervousness buoyed up his own confidence .
va	NN	This demon has the expertise of all the damned generals of history to call upon .
va	NNS	She dumped the contents onto the bed and selected one of the tiny tops .
va	NNS	In a blur , I broke the metal chains and reached up , pulling out the stake .
va	NN	He halted the hammer , stopping dead at his chest .
va	NNS	They pulled the lobster traps , foraged the local islands for firewood and kept themselves busy keeping the island looking nice .
va	NNS	One has threatened more attacks against American and British interests overseas .
va	NN	A dry stone wall enclosed the yard , but the gate was open .
va	NN	Mick pulled the photo from the folder and held it by its right edge , between his thumb and index finger of his right hand .
va	NNS	I turned a thousand shades of red .
va	NNS	All of a sudden the first rays of sunlight filter between skyscrapers and rapidly descend towards the street , lighting up troops and vehicles .
va	NNS	She wasn 't making any promises , really .
va	NNS	Under the guise of running operatives and collecting leverage , Serge ran prostitutes and drug traffic on a grand scale .
va	NNS	Before Dionne , I had girlfriends and enjoyed my single days , but I never hopped blindly from one bed to another .
va	NN	The woman 's blood filled the groove .
va	NN	The town had not produced a new medical student though .
va	NNS	" Our ancestors understood the myths differently than we see them .
va	NN	She could see the outlines of the trees and thought of Royce and Beatrice dying hideous , bloody deaths somewhere out there hundreds of years ago .
va	NN	She took another sip of the cool drink .
va	NNS	As I focused on Jack again , his fluid movements caused sensations in me I couldn 't hide .
va	NNS	" I don 't like cold lunches . "
va	NN	I swung the bleach again .
va	NNS	The selfish need to hold her overruled his sensibilities .
va	NN	It was quiet , the only sounds the breeze rustling the leaves and the distant hum of a shuttle engine .
va	NNS	Back in her office Chris dropped her final exams into her briefcase for safekeeping and was preparing to leave when her phone rang .
va	NN	It takes every scrap of courage I possess to ask her : " Do you see it ? "
va	NNS	Along the river shore grew beautiful gardens rejuvenating the mind of the pilgrim .
va	NNS	" Lots of married men have mistresses . "
va	NN	Max 's voice held more determination than ever before , which gave her hope .
va	NN	I took a sip of my water and almost choked on it .
va	NN	Screams Olivia in horror as she sees the walker on me .
va	NN	" Off what basis ? "
va	NN	" He 's ... a big bounty , " Harms said , leaning forward nervously .
va	NNS	I want tourist videos .
va	NNS	I pulled the little bows on each side of the string bikini , baring myself with a few simple motions .
va	NNS	" I had the ladies in waiting fill the bathtub for you . "
va	NN	Simon had his tablet on the table , flipping through some documents and finishing off his coffee .
va	NN	His touch traveled along the tilt of her chin , then skated softly across her lips .
va	NNS	The boys had their ideas ( chocolate seemed to be the organizing principle ) , and Nicole had her ideas ( largely centered on vegetables ) .
va	NN	I bit off a retort and gathered my things under Jenna 's sympathetic gaze and Elodie 's and Anna 's smirks .
va	NNS	Emily touched the feather earrings that hung from her ears .
va	NNS	With another glance at the closed door that separated him from Vivian , he headed downstairs .
va	NN	After adding two more pairs of shoes , I zipped up the suitcase and lifted it from the bed .
va	NN	" A new wolf signals his first shift to the Pack .
va	NNS	In the absolute silence , she heard soft footsteps in the grass outside , moving quickly away from the kitchen window .
va	NN	" I 'll cook bacon and eggs -- delicious canned Danish bacon . "
va	NNS	The weak dawn light had not yet penetrated the heavy branches overhead .
va	NNS	So if you throw us out to the wolves , you 're sealing your own fates . "
va	NNS	I caught her delicate wrists in each of my hands and started backing her toward the couch .
va	NN	We gave them our blessing for their marriage and this means we are part of it .
va	NNS	Davis offered drinks and snacks to Gavin and me as we took seats inside the spacious family room .
va	NN	" You overbearing brat .
va	NNS	I remove the gem stones from my hair , hearing .
va	NNS	He turned off the jets .
va	NNS	I gripped both her wrists .
va	NNS	cried the animals of Furry Bottom .
va	NN	That was when Shinichi really screamed , " Do you know what you 've done , you ignorant bitch ?
va	NN	She fingered the strap on her purse and wondered how in the world to begin .
va	NN	He stifled the giggle which the name ' Mellow ' threatened to bring on and took the hand that was offered to him .
va	NN	I have every confidence that you will handle this latest revelation with minimal difficulty . "
va	NN	I had a sling in my carry all bag of my belt and I took it out .
va	NNS	Who was leaving these notes , and how much did they know ?
va	NNS	The jagged ends of the tree bark made long , deep gashes in his back .
va	NNS	Sensation slashed her nerves .
va	NNS	His younger daughter , Jessica , really did decode its clues with her own unique brand of curiosity .
va	NN	He makes my skin crawl . "
va	NN	His political orientation had also earned him fame and respect in Bolognese society .
va	NNS	Nick indicated Valerius with his head .
va	NNS	The second one would release some magical bolts of energy .
va	NNS	He can 't escape the reminders .
va	NN	She waved her hand dismissively , exasperated by the conversation .
va	NNS	Jocelyn took Magnus 's folded notes from the pocket of her gear and handed them over .
va	NNS	Now you just need some heart-shaped sunglasses .
va	NN	" I 'll give you a good price . "
va	NNS	I wrote the rst messages in my own handwriting , but the words and ideas were yours .
va	NNS	She felt her armpits .
va	NN	Forgive my pun , but she looked like she had seen a ghost . "
va	NNS	The younger woman knit her brows .
va	NNS	Since she was here , last night 's transformation did not involve chains and a basement cell the entire night .
va	NNS	He put private investigators everywhere , and they report everything to the police .
va	NN	Julia wanted wheat toast .
va	NN	You can kiss your precious half sister good-bye .
va	NN	" Crazy people tend to promise anything , " said the younger policeman .
va	NN	We don 't do surveillance . "
va	NN	She will need a bodyguard during the daylight hours when we cannot be with her , along with a housekeeper to see to her needs . "
va	NN	If he 'd truly been out of the United States for that time frame , then he had an unbreakable alibi for two of the murders .
va	NN	I had bought a new bikini with Jackson in mind .
va	NNS	They were considered elders among the ranks of the undead .
va	NNS	You want all the appliances where they were ? "
va	NNS	Suddenly , other Sentinels appeared firing laser pulses at Hannah .
va	NN	" What do you think the typical profile of a worshiper is ? "
va	NN	He wouldn 't allow such scum to tear his sister apart .
va	NNS	The couple was still arguing downstairs .
va	NNS	" My best friend had stables . "
va	NNS	I moan and dig my nails into his back .
va	NNS	The bottles , piles of mail and bills , dirty laundry , crushed cans , empty styrofoam boxes .
va	NNS	Her calves and arms had strips of skin hanging from them .
va	NN	The weekend getaway with Danny and Kelly dismantled that decree .
va	NNS	Marcus had more cuts to his face and to his arms .
va	NN	She could smell the sweet perfume of fresh hay and hear the reassuring grinding of Sabbath 's teeth .
va	NNS	Curious , he pushed the bracelets apart .
va	NNS	I was reaping the rewards and as long as he left me alone , I thought I was enjoying life on his dime .
va	NNS	" Shouldn 't you be out there questioning the witnesses ? "
va	NN	Lauren took a sip of the Chardonnay she 'd found in her grandmother 's wine rack and hoped the alcohol would go to her head quickly .
va	NNS	He put his fists together and aimed at the cannon .
va	NN	I took my bra off and slipped the bikini in its place .
va	NNS	Jam took his four drinks and went to collapse on a seat .
va	NN	I 've asked permission to see Jason again this Friday night . "
va	NNS	The commanders need al available troops working there .
va	NNS	I questioned dozens and dozens , if not hundreds of people .
va	NNS	All the same , he watches the skies , and the second day passes without the dragon flying out of his lair .
va	NN	I gave the young sailor into their keeping .
va	NNS	Reloading his pistols emptied the belt , which he took off and threw at the nearest walking dead man .
va	NNS	At last , they found two bars of lead .
va	NNS	The priestess relaxed visibly .
va	NNS	I had already tallied too many regrets in my life to add another .
va	NNS	Oh , he 's had his mistresses all right .
va	NNS	I don 't hear any alarms , belles , whistles or voices .
va	NN	Just the standard . "
va	NNS	I shoved the edges of the sheet into the crack between the glass and the wall and released it .
va	NN	" Isn 't a commissary a supermarket ? "
va	NN	I can see the bruise on your knuckles from here Elliott .
va	NNS	He was not mishandling your slaves without your permission and refusing to stop at your request .
va	NN	" You crazy bitch ! "
va	NN	Last night I 'd seen a spark of humanity in the werewolf 's eyes .
va	NN	He could see her suffering .
va	NNS	And just as Jason was thinking this , of course , Frank hit the brakes .
va	NNS	The smell of cooked meat and food assailed their nostrils immediately they stepped through the door .
va	NNS	Can you call some healers ? '
va	NN	Jeanne gave an indignant wriggle of her shoulders .
va	NN	The instant the rider removed his helmet , her heart pounded .
va	NN	And she 'd missed a lone tendril .
va	NN	Muncie relinquished his silver tray at the waiting station and dabbed his forehead and neck with a towel .
va	NN	" Daddy , I can 't find ' em . "
va	NN	I let the compulsion wash over her through Trent .
va	NNS	I mean , they are probably planning our deaths right now . "
va	NNS	Edward straightened the cuffs of his suit jacket and shook his head .
va	NNS	' Maurice , we ought to talk about this , ' said Dangerous Beans , tugging at the cat 's leg .
va	NNS	David gave me no clues as to what he was , if not human .
va	NN	The crazy culture of consumerism that has become one single global culture of all humans has taken away the freedom .
va	NNS	I 'd had parties out looking for Jasmine for the last three months and found no clue to her whereabouts .
va	NN	She played a role in the Eros and Psyche legend , and later was both Adonis 's lover and his surrogate mother .
va	NNS	" Can you buy some new movies in English ?
va	NN	Regardless of what this woman thought , what anyone thought , he 'd overcome that craving for nearly three weeks .
va	NN	Carrie pulled half the lettuce out of her sandwich to get it down to a manageable size .
va	NN	Bonnie examined her reflection in the mirror .
va	NN	But he heard another explosion .
va	NNS	Yet , the art expressed hellish images from ancient Greece and even from the middle and dark ages .
va	NNS	Vision , yes I had to agree with her , the word vision described these experiences far better than calling them dreams .
va	NN	Take any exit , and we 'll drop him off . "
va	NN	I dropped the stake and it made a hollow sound as it rolled across the metal step .
va	NN	" You like sugar ? "
va	NNS	He 'd even hired those vamps to try and take her in Florida .
va	NNS	She beat her fists against the frame , but to no avail .
va	NN	He reset the buzzer .
va	NN	" I 'll get a cleanup crew . "
va	NN	Martin disconnected the last sensor and proceeded to extract himself from the cage .
va	NN	After all , given her preference , she 'd get an annulment or divorce tomorrow , while Colin wouldn 't .
va	NN	The three story structure has a hint of Gothic to its architecture .
va	NN	He wore an animal hat with a striped tail that dangled over the back of his neck .
va	NN	We slid it three-quarters of the way out and waited for Pete , Rusty and Todd the Bod to jump down and join us .
va	NN	I rolled the corpse over , and the pale face appeared .
va	NN	He showed him the courtyard , the stables , the kitchen , the smithy , the jousting yard and more .
va	NNS	She really does hate parties and just wanted to leave this one , too .
va	NNS	The earthy scent of damp sandstone fills my nostrils .
va	NNS	" Can you send me stamps ? "
va	NN	' Toby , have you never seen a lynch mob before ?
va	NN	" Then he would have call ed ! "
va	NN	Minted and printed currency had no value whatsoever .
va	NNS	Fuchs rolled upwards , snow flying about .
va	NN	You call this time period years , I believe , and for that I will attempt to acclimate to your vernacular to more effectively communicate an understanding .
va	NN	And unlike certain other orchard owners , her father had built them decent housing and seen to it that they were properly fed and fairly paid .
va	NN	Instead , he almost lost his balance when he took in the tall figure behind him .
va	NN	Sure enough , a little sports bar inside of a chain hotel had the best home-baked soft pretzel Daniel could remember .
va	NNS	" GPS , Morro Bay -- avoid all major cities .
va	NNS	No , we should make preparations to journey there and tell her ourselves . "
va	NNS	He dropped the thick curtains into place and effectively blocked out any sun .
va	NN	When Foxton began to snore , Breedlove took her queue to quietly get out of bed .
va	NN	" If I had my way I would have planted a hammer in his forehead . "
va	NN	As Ash reached for his beer , he noticed the TV out of the corner of his eye .
va	NNS	She ran through the fields , constantly glancing up at the beautiful shimmering lights created by the comet and its fallout .
va	NN	It 's pulsating off the crew .
va	NNS	I can see the veins on Dredd 's head pop and his face goes red but Maker gives him a look and he doesn 't say anything .
va	NN	" May I make a suggestion ? "
va	NNS	Bonnie and Meredith grabbed their purses and left the house .
va	NNS	From the horse saddle , he pulled off the branches and laced together .
va	NNS	I should probably take notes .
va	NNS	The hand gun has no more bullets .
va	NNS	He rammed his fists in his pockets .
va	NN	Separate and get our divorce or annulment or whatever the hell it is .
va	NNS	Moments later , the scent of cologne and cigarettes grace my nostrils .
va	NN	The veterinary surgeon did an autopsy .
va	NNS	She had often attended weekend house parties without her husband , and there she 'd indulged .
va	NNS	They have followed all the commands and the rituals required for conversion .
va	NNS	After all , how many hostage situations could there be in the US on a yearly basis ?
va	NN	" What do I need a degree for ? "
va	NNS	They could move letters around and then you could stick them in a book , all neat .
va	NN	Conway offered her a sip from the small bottle , which she refused with a comedic snub .
va	NNS	Brody cut her chains with his own sword and then placed his hand upon his daughter .
va	NNS	" Can you not let the woman have two mouthfuls before agitating her ? "
va	NN	If we are creatures of God , we have no freedom of choice at all .
va	NNS	We had cherry tomatoes , onions , peppers , mushrooms , cubed steak chunks , cubed chicken and shrimp as ingredients to use .
va	NNS	I gripped the edges of the counter .
va	NNS	All the city-states of Greece and Macedonia send representatives here to work through their issues .
va	NN	I 'm bridging the gap .
va	NNS	His long fingers idly traced circles on the wooden table .
va	NN	We exit the chamber and I 'm confronted with an underwater paradise .
va	NNS	I recognized the light footsteps of Nance , and presently , she trotted into the lantern 's feeble glow .
va	NN	" Very bad judge of character . "
va	NN	The youth have an innocent reek , powerful and tempting .
va	NNS	As he repeated this , Mo plucked a couple soft notes .
va	NN	" Just admiring your hat . "
va	NN	" Don 't tell me the man 's busy , you old goat !
va	NN	Diego carefully arranged the robe back over her .
va	NNS	Pierre shook his fists in fury .
va	NNS	I might not even have neighbours .
va	NNS	Motels gave two bars of soap that were too small to be used instead of one decent-sized bar .
va	NNS	The claws that wrapped around their waists send shivers down his spine .
va	NNS	She 'd made demands of him , extensive , unreasonable ones , and he 'd gone to insane lengths to meet them .
va	NNS	We were doing experiments , a device , with gravity . "
va	NN	As I trot along my property line on Apollo , I follow the wiring around the fence , surveying the good hand work .
va	NN	Cardinal Bernard 's straight back conveyed his wrath .
va	NN	Ian unleashed an ungodly amount of bullets their way and they answered in kind .
va	NN	He 'd timed his arrival almost perfectly .
va	NN	I pulled the necklace over my head and stared down at the seal .
va	NN	" But I don 't make a habit of revisiting that time in my life .
va	NNS	" You threw rocks at Sarah 's window ? "
va	NN	It helped wash that worry away .
va	NNS	Let 's compare notes . "
va	NN	We gave each other tiny nods .
va	NN	Pulse pounding in my ears , I lifted the crystal to my lips .
va	NN	I took a sip and nodded .
va	NN	He slid the zipper down and peeled back the denim .
va	NNS	-- Scorpion War Room Over the years the U.S. Air Force covertly put shuttles into orbit .
va	NN	I make a funnel out of them and blow away as much of the mist as I can .
va	NNS	Jen led the way downstairs to a neat , almost monastic hacker 's paradise .
va	NN	She indicated the photograph she admired .
va	NNS	She recognized Gideon 's lower , rougher tones as he said , " There Will be a moment of reckoning , Gabriel .
va	NNS	The scent of blood teased his nostrils .
va	NNS	I had a few ideas on how to solve that problem . "
va	NN	She felt his hands shift , reveled in the amazing sensations ripping through her body .
va	NNS	It must have taken you ages to do . "
va	NNS	Jagged round the edges .
va	NN	Chapter 4 Arnold began walking away from Coffee Stop and round the corner at brisk pace , such that Kathy had difficulty keeping up .
va	NNS	They don 't show signs of planning to move at any time in the near future .
va	NN	" Oh wow wow wow .
va	NN	I took a sip , not wanting to drink too fast .
va	NNS	They steal jobs from men .
va	NNS	There were shocked gasps on all sides .
va	NNS	His plea elicited several coughs as those around him held their laughter in .
va	NNS	So he played the notes again , this time humming the new melody as he went .
va	NNS	" I don 't know much about crystals , of course , but I 'll know if I see the source of this sickness .
va	NNS	He had ideas on how to get around that , but he 'd need Iona 's cooperation .
va	NN	You may be breaking the law .
va	NN	Which of course follows the same principle and brings the manifestation of the undesired reality over and over again . "
va	NNS	Some dude , he was wearing sunglasses and carrying a baseball bat .
va	NN	But now , after what happened here tonight , she couldn 't dislodge the sharp pebble of doubt that had embedded itself under her skin .
va	NNS	I 'll handle your bills , but you can use the card for any other expenses .
va	NNS	I 've already received a dozen letters asking what I know . "
va	NN	" Um ... I du n no ... I guess I 'm a little pissed at him .
va	NN	My lawyer tells me I must still do legal adoption of my nephew .
va	NN	She had a knack for paintings in general and had developed some good friendships with a number of gallery owners throughout the South .
va	NNS	I 'd gone all badass on the poor thing while I 'd been grounded and Roth had disappeared .
va	NNS	We pay the bills and take other responsibilities off your hands .
va	NN	Maybe we should get some espresso ?
va	NNS	' I don 't see any defences .
va	NNS	' Pick up those prisoners ! '
va	NN	I reached the boardwalk and almost pushed past a little boy to get to the sand .
va	NNS	When I wasn 't shooting arrows or bullets , I was throwing up my fists during combat training .
va	NN	You need a holiday .
va	NN	She slipped a cigarette into her mouth and lit the tip .
va	NN	As if they flipped a switch and turned from ordinary guys to warriors .
va	NNS	Obviously he had clearance codes , just as I did .
va	NN	Back in the office Fiona whistled her appreciation .
va	NN	His slurred speech matched his crooked posture .
va	NN	He snatched the radio off the charging base and thundered down the stairs .
va	NNS	A child would pull out the monsters within her and reveal her ugliness to all .
va	NN	He had never fought a duel .
va	NNS	He possessed nerves of steel .
va	NNS	For over one hundred years , Esperanza 's mayors won their elections by promising to tear the fountain down and replace it with something more attractive .
va	NN	What 's more , we hardly have an attachment .
va	NNS	Give me some bananas and spinach and I 'll have a good breakfast .
va	NNS	' But I would add morals and decency to the equation . '
va	NNS	She 'd spotted the signs for several Douglas Lake housing developments a few miles back , but location didn 't interest her at the moment .
va	NNS	Her son dutifully arranged the blankets around her , giving her a worried look before he slipped out of her bedroom .
va	NNS	" So you cut up the carrots and ... ? "
va	NNS	The creature 's webbed fingers clutched her wrists and pressed heat against her skin .
va	NN	Weasel placed the stake over her wrist , drew back the hammer , and swung forward with all his weight .
va	NNS	So he has some pretty good songs , but all of you have totally great men already . "
va	NNS	Don 't get any funny ideas .
va	NN	" Have you got an alibi ? "
va	NNS	He gathered those images and used them to hide her darker thoughts , making the happy things glow brighter so that her focus remained there .
va	NN	His voice reflected a fierce pride in himself and his ship .
va	NNS	Brody required a couple new stitches , which he insisted they do right there instead of him going to the hospital .
va	NNS	How will you fight my rats ?
va	NN	A short , stocky , engineer wore a yellow helmet and orange jumpsuit .
va	NNS	I moved Juarez 's roaming digits to my ass , where my thoughts were considerably less sentimental .
va	NNS	They leveled the barrels on my face .
va	NN	You don 't have a very good track record . "
va	NN	" I don 't need a bodyguard .
va	NN	I don 't mind getting the bus , you can take the van . "
va	NN	From the refrigerator , Elizabeth pulled out some lettuce and tomatoes , along with a block of cheddar cheese , and put them on the counter .
va	NN	A minute later , Rainier gave her a psychic tap .
va	NNS	Euro pop pumps from speakers fastened to palm tree trunks .
va	NN	She didn 't want his kindness or his understanding , and at the same time she craved both .
va	NNS	-- Well in that case find them and follow the necessary paths .
va	NN	Not everyone has the courage to commit themselves so wholeheartedly .
va	NN	He must have snatched the bracelet when the crowd gathered around me .
va	NNS	He could hear sirens blasting .
va	NNS	Then suddenly negotiations were going full bore again .
va	NNS	He actually does air quotes and manages to make them look somewhat classy .
va	NNS	The common soldier loathes staff officers , and I understand why .
va	NNS	My family uses the tattoos to show status . "
va	NNS	" I 've got no problems with Theodore Chester , I just don 't like spoilt brats . "
va	NNS	" What other animals do you have ? "
va	NNS	He for the first time in his life felt the spirits and energy of a place , this place .
va	NN	' He did a runner , ' she said , ' and we 're not staying around here to find out where he went . '
va	NN	Across the ward and down the many steps of the motte into the inner bailey .
va	NN	She handed him a container of brownies and passed the rest around to each desk .
va	NN	First , I disconnected the rover and trailer from each other .
va	NN	He tied another stem of grass around the junction .
va	NNS	They won 't be getting the avocado shrimp starters or the sherry trifle . "
va	NNS	Please give me all the facts , Doctor .
va	NN	" Your grandmother ... the queen ? "
va	NN	Betty immediately realized her blunder .
va	NNS	' He doesn 't leave survivors . '
va	NNS	This one has two separate blood trails .
va	NNS	He watched the tendrils of the blue-grey smoke as they escaped into the air .
va	NNS	With fire we can protect the pups . "
va	NNS	Nash came over me once more , his curls falling over his forehead .
va	NN	The cool water lowers my temperature and makes my racing heart slow down .
va	NNS	Why didn 't you follow instructions ? "
va	NN	His voice had a velvet purr that raised goose bumps on her skin .
va	NNS	The other Destroyer has tendrils of dreadlocks falling across his shoulders .
va	NNS	You 'll win prizes .
va	NN	She had no intention of going to Sally 's tonight .
va	NNS	He wanted these vamps to be nothing more than ash in the wind .
va	NN	" Okay , I think this looks good , " Melvin brought each of them a tray filled with concave cups .
va	NN	Because along with those feelings came the guilt for being angry at a sick man .
va	NN	" He shouldn 't have taken advantage of you .
va	NN	We needed a replacement .
va	NNS	Why do you bring these animals to our land ? "
va	NNS	I heard strong , no-nonsense commands from a voice that sounded like my dad , and someone was asking me questions .
va	NN	His hands went icy in hers .
va	NNS	He can sense the nerves in Daniel 's voice fraying .
va	NN	He looked the manager in the eye before laying down the law .
va	NNS	Even men like myself need precautions . "
va	NN	It took a surge of willpower to shake off those old memories and walk down the hall , remembering my goal .
va	NNS	Wouldn 't you rather know all the facts first ? "
va	NN	I feel color bloom in my cheeks .
va	NNS	Angelica raised her brows in question and realized she 'd taken a step toward him .
va	NN	I patted debris off my pants .
va	NN	I gave him some bullshit about wanting to form a better picture of Barrett and it was like opening the floodgates .
va	NN	Before he " d kissed her , he " d hoped that having a taste of her would cure his fever .
va	NNS	Aunt Wisdom traced the blackened letters that spelled out ' Enchantment , ' with her finger tips then gripped the corner of the cracked leather cover .
va	NN	She threw the latch down in a huff and tossed the rumpled table cloth aside .
va	NN	I had also inserted a homing beacon into the invisibility lock so that we could find our way back to the ship .
va	NNS	" Shouldn 't we be singing Christmas songs ? "
va	NNS	The mom set her sights on him and came running over .
va	NNS	I 'm hoping Lake picks this one next .
va	NNS	Couldn 't she at least have gotten the curling dark lashes or the angular cheekbones ?
va	NN	" I can 't enjoy the fruit of your lips ? "
va	NN	" A little of this ... " He grabbed a tube full of sky-blue liquid .
va	NNS	Dad had given me sunglasses and a white polyester suit to wear .
va	NN	How often do we actually have an assignment ? "
va	NNS	Now , we just carry signs and call for changes in our country 's laws to put an end to the perversion all around us .
va	NN	Unlike the plantation , he didn 't give any of the workers the generosity of a coin toss .
va	NNS	He clenched his fists and prepared to make the dive .
va	NNS	The folding man ate five cherries and a small hunk of bread and then announced he 'd never been so full in his life .
va	NNS	" I 'm not making any promises to you or anyone else . "
va	NN	And then Ellie dropped the bomb .
va	NN	I swallowed the guilt choking me back .
va	NN	And the shells of the lost , them that walk a foolish death , they contain the blessing for us as knows how to pluck it out .
va	NN	Brian had mentioned her spiraling ... so this must really be what it was about .
va	NN	She exhaled , longing to let go of her doubts and lose herself in Simon .
va	NN	The double meaning sent a shiver of desire spiraling through her body .
va	NN	She could practically see the tiny thread of invisible power stretching between her and Cain .
va	NNS	Then she tucked two , new , crisp twenty U.S. dollar bills into the folded pages of the car registration .
va	NNS	He would 've gotten notes for Ronan .
va	NN	" How long do you expect your winning streak to run ? "
va	NNS	They laid four pizza boxes on the coffee table .
va	NNS	They weren 't attacking the rats .
va	NN	Her pulse followed the rhythm of his .
va	NNS	Everything about the place pushed intruders away and Selena had no doubt that she was one .
va	NNS	She was counting her blessings over his arrival .
va	NN	She gave him a playful wink as she got closer to her target and breathed with anticipation .
va	NNS	However , I have seen cases like this before .
va	NNS	" I feel great sadness , yes , but I do not always have access to the reasons behind such choices .
va	NNS	He may have won a few battles , but he 's lost the war .
va	NN	" Thank you guys , " he interrupted the applause .
va	NN	Your human body had difficulty dealing with the travel and for that I 'm sorry . "
va	NNS	Apparently she grows tomatoes in her backyard . "
va	NNS	Patty , her breasts spilling out of a too-small dress , handed out bouquets of flowers and single roses .
va	NNS	I nudged his blond curls aside with my nose and whispered in his ear , " Do you have a condom ? "
va	NNS	I veered my ideas back to father and my failed retreat .
va	NNS	Quickly , she placed all the stones in the sack , and then put out her hand in a silent request for the sixth one .
va	NN	" You and James have a good therapy session ? "
va	NN	Epilogue A cold wind blew off the peak of the mountains and drifted down , slow and winding toward the flat expanse below .
va	NN	Taking a breather . "
va	NN	Kara was already picking her gangly self up off the floor .
va	NN	No matter what , I 'll make sure no one ever knows his role in this .
va	NNS	The whole morning took ages although she wasn 't bored .
va	NNS	She put her claws to her forehead , hoping to push back the pain ... except something didn 't feel right .
va	NN	Cole stood upright and looked at me for a split second , recognition of what he had done painted on his face .
va	NN	He called his secretary .
va	NN	" Why not take the filth from the world while taking the next greatest villain out at the same time ? "
va	NNS	He was putting tons of children 's lives in danger and the Governor was protecting him . "
va	NNS	He ate several more cherries .
va	NN	Leave the washroom when they do and come back to our table and hover over it . "
va	NNS	Victoria tilted her sunglasses down so she could stare at her .
va	NN	This now gives the explorers a second route to the Mississippi that they can report .
va	NNS	I hear the first droplets of a rainstorm working their way through the foliage .
va	NNS	He does not take slaves .
va	NNS	We 've taken precautions . "
va	NNS	He 'd already drank three-quarters of it .
va	NNS	This - " her grin broke free again " - protected the contents .
va	NNS	After modifying the platforms to their brain waves , they were given instructions on using them .
va	NN	I accept his invitation and fall into his chest .
va	NNS	I could barely make out the sadness in her face , but it was there .
va	NNS	In fact , nobody entertained werewolves .
va	NNS	We took some odd jobs from a man in our neighborhood .
va	NNS	A bus was already taking passengers on board and so Bob hopped on , swiped his Oyster card and sat down .
va	NNS	As the Chief walked away in the direction of the trail , he whispered instructions to Dan , " Go to the back with Kaan . "
va	NN	He gets a pile of books and a six-pack , lies on the couch and reads all day . "
va	NN	Avalon 's words hit a nerve and I was suddenly agitated .
va	NN	She couldn 't take the scrutiny of all of the people she knew , her family and those in her school .
va	NN	He pictured the graceful , feminine script , and winced when he remembered the patronizing tone he 'd taken with her the night before .
va	NN	" We 'll turn that graveyard upside down if we have to .
va	NN	I 'd inflicted worse damage on those I cared for than those I 'd meant to damage the last time I 'd been in a hand-to-hand brawl .
va	NN	She stifled a shiver .
va	NN	To their credit , she does not detect one whimper when they transform fins to legs .
va	NN	He needed his crew to back him up in what he wanted to do today .
va	NNS	Government even levies property taxes on their machines and equipment .
va	NN	He felt the adrenaline pumping through him giving him courage to stand clearly in the open , holding a brick in front of his right eye .
va	NN	" I have an idea Danny . "
va	NNS	She was having lunch outdoors at Piazza San Marco and feeding the pigeons .
va	NNS	Conrad paid all the bills , but Grace had found a letter from the mortgage company in his desk threatening foreclosure .
va	NNS	In her dream he had claws ... well she also had fangs so maybe it really was just a dream and nothing more .
va	NN	Shoving her hair out of her face , she grabbed an old woolen robe as whoever was at her door knocked again .
va	NNS	Michael and Eve were already going downstairs , hand in hand .
va	NN	" Someone tell this asshole to shut up .
va	NNS	He didn 't have any obvious signs that screamed " bachelor , " though ; he was absolutely trimmed , pressed , shaven , and starched .
va	NNS	The dying winter had coughed the bleak paintings on the walls and floors of the homes .
va	NNS	But Chris scooped up the available documents anyway as he back peddled towards the door from which he came .
va	NNS	Life has so many variables , good and bad , in every situation . "
va	NN	At least they gave her a kerosene lamp .
va	NNS	My response brought out a similar wildness in him and he pounded into me , releasing my mouth and latching onto my shoulder with his teeth .
va	NN	I clicked off my flashlight and buried my face in my good hand .
va	NN	' You can 't lose a herd that size . '
va	NNS	Jake slammed his brakes at a stop sign .
va	NNS	He was even discussing casting ideas !
va	NNS	' They have two young daughters .
va	NNS	" I 've still got no bars ... " " This whole thing was your idea , you know .
va	NNS	He saw the contents of the locker drifting away across the cavity .
va	NN	She followed Nellie 's growth from a tiny kitten to a beautiful cat , sharing a loving relationship with Mattie .
va	NN	And I could never expect you to be Persephone , " he added , that same hint of pain in his voice .
va	NN	Ethan could barely see the pulsing of its massive heart through the dried blood and viscera that clung to its chest like a bib .
va	NNS	" I know the pilots .
va	NNS	I 'm glad you 're here , actually , " she said briskly .
va	NN	It made a series of whistles and clicks .
va	NN	He pulled his bike into the cellar and went to bed .
va	NN	Of course , he never noticed her teenaged self at the diner .
va	NN	" Did you report your broken windscreen to the police ? "
va	NNS	She has ideas ... she has vision ... and so do I. " Allie was shocked , but not entirely surprised .
va	NNS	I would spend my afternoons in front of the mirror wondering often if he was still alive .
va	NN	She had the enthusiasm of a college freshman going to her first frat party wrapped around her like clothing .
va	NNS	She had seen road signs before that said SOFT SHOULDER , so she figured that 's what it meant .
va	NNS	God willing , they 'd send out the troops .
va	NNS	It took her several tries to grasp the picture , and even then , Rosa had to gently guide her daughter 's fingers .
va	NN	He could smell sulfur , like there was fire within it .
va	NN	" You 've had some tragedy this year , but as far as I can tell , it hasn 't matured you any . "
va	NN	You may as well request the hurricane to succumb to your breath .
va	NN	Take the Book or make it disappear .
va	NN	The lady , a Christine Smith , had seen her post and wondered if they might be related .
va	NNS	The other half show no signs of retreating .
va	NN	You only took the bait in the beginning . "
va	NN	He was wearing the already bare carpet even thinner as he spun on his heel and paced back across the room .
va	NN	I increased the intensity of the kiss , nipping his lip with my teeth .
va	NNS	James shut out the images and inhaled her sweetness .
va	NN	The bodice of the dress had its own criss-crossing pattern that mirrored her hair , and the lower half floated gently to the ground .
va	NNS	Her eyes couldn 't mask the sadness .
va	NNS	She flashed grin mischievous grin , " something hungry . "
va	NNS	The fact that he 's tested positive is making headlines . "
va	NN	Titus dodged the third bomb to fall near him , leaping away in time to avoid the white flash .
va	NN	" I would pay any price to protect my family .
va	NN	6 Nicolas showed his firm intention .
va	NN	" And once you find his bike and get the damn thing fixed , send him on his way ! "
va	NN	I stifled a giggle .
va	NN	VIN checked each procedure as Jonesy called it out and said " Checked " as each procedure was complete .
va	NN	' And you only see the fellow from behind , you say ? '
va	NN	Upon hearing the struggled words , Jimmy grabbed his hand radio out of his pocket and tried contacting Berta .
va	NNS	It had triangles and square knobs on each subsection of the ball .
va	NN	They heard something rustling in the woods and turned to face whatever was approaching .
va	NN	Chapter 10 Neil and Zac had finished their tour of the tiny village .
va	NNS	" As you can see , we have several animals here .
va	NNS	He anchored both fists in her hair , holding her to him .
va	NN	At the moment , they were having their own little picnic near one of the benches in the courtyard .
va	NNS	On my walk , I could hear insects buzzing incessantly .
va	NN	He turned the page and froze .
va	NNS	Tuck had collected some rocks in his pocket and it was his thing to throw them into the water up stream .
va	NN	" I told Rush I wouldn 't be there to meet him when the Mitchell sails home .
va	NNS	I just omitted a few facts . "
va	NNS	" We 'll head downstairs and grab some lunch or something and give you guys a little bit of family time . "
va	NNS	" You 'll never have many visitors if you stay hidden away in this forest . "
va	NNS	A half-hour later Kate Lane came downstairs again .
va	NNS	Everything about my death has raised a dozen red flags from the beginning .
va	NN	He had been given another assignment , and Dana missed him terribly .
va	NNS	Men removed their hats when ladies passed .
va	NNS	" You watch way too many movies . "
va	NNS	The fan rustled the curtains around their haven .
va	NNS	" There , all you grubby , little tootsies have their blankets on now .
va	NNS	Sophia blushed deep scarlet .
va	NNS	And Jed didn 't need any additional regrets .
va	NN	Victor pulled the van into the parking lot of a large home improvement store and claimed a spot far from the entrance .
va	NNS	Jed senior splayed his hands upwards in a show of theatrical frustration , then grabbed the boy around the middle and tickled him .
va	NNS	" Thank the fates that he started with me . "
va	NNS	Live helicopter footage revealed images of a tragic mishap , overnight .
va	NN	Dylan often had difficulty stating how he felt , especially toward his brothers .
va	NN	He crooked his other elbow at her , and Alma slid her hand around his arm .
va	NNS	Drive those trucks about ... " Mike stopped and his eyes shot rapidly up and down the road , gauging the distance .
va	NNS	They already regarded the leftovers as theirs , and their dark , luminous eyes watched passersby with warning .
va	NNS	" He gives you the facts without all the bells and whistles . "
va	NN	" I hear a dog barking .
va	NNS	It took ages for some of them to die . '
va	NNS	" Haidar and Jalal would make decent kings , I guess , but their hearts aren 't really in it .
va	NNS	Glowing red , like embers in a dying fire .
va	NNS	Thompson could smell ratings and I couldn 't even imagine what advertising time cost .
va	NNS	You always bully our classmates and I hated you doing that .
va	NN	Nora 's beauty finally caught his fancy and he shifted his eyes to her head with its black flowing hair .
va	NN	Before I left the palace . "
va	NN	By the third day of therapy he had discarded the walker permanently and replaced it with Jay .
va	NN	These two ran a notorious gang that once terrorized the Southwest .
va	NN	Trisha clipped her bra back on .
va	NNS	Sean 's left hand held the spheres .
va	NN	" I got ta huddle with my buddies for a second , here , okay ? "
va	NNS	He had dark circles , and was rail thin , as were the rest of the people in line .
va	NN	An image of herself sucking his fingers instead made her giggle .
va	NN	She gave the antiviral medication to her daughter and sat on the old fabric sofa near the window .
va	NN	Meredith grappled a stiff and resisting Bonnie forward .
va	NNS	I have my limits , and you seem to have a way of reaching them in record time . "
va	NNS	He 'd made notes on the house , the garden , the street and the bag .
va	NN	" I saw that gentleman talking to a local money lender - a Mister Brinker .
va	NNS	She pulled out matching designer sunglasses and threw them on .
va	NNS	" Yeah , well , the man from WICKED gave us very specific instructions about you .
va	NNS	She was at a table in the cafeteria , reading over some notes on her laptop , when Colby arrived .
va	NNS	Scarlett followed his instructions .
va	NNS	We walk outside and Beast runs around the corner of the house .
va	NN	Wade eyed the alert canine cautiously as he dropped down beside the hairy beast .
va	NN	I even sent a messenger over .
va	NNS	He smoothed more curls from her face , watching her expressions with an odd and twisted sense of awe at their complexity .
va	NNS	That trick will fool those hunters only until Mariah breaks free of the forest .
va	NNS	She offered straw hats , necklaces made of small shells , and the like .
va	NN	She gave Isobel a quick sip , took one herself , and then soaked each shirt .
va	NNS	We know the ideas and how to present them .
va	NNS	We can skip rocks and cuddle by the fire , roast marshmallows on the open flame .
va	NN	It really gives one confidence to behold this .
va	NN	My fingers found a light switch .
va	NN	He leaned down and kissed her , a tender brush of lips .
va	NNS	" Early sixteen hundreds .
va	NNS	Her touch sent shivers down my spine , and I didn 't want her to stop .
va	NNS	He gives me chills .
va	NN	He took another sip of his scotch , then set it on the coffee table .
va	NNS	The belief in God is no better than a small child pulling his blankets over his head to protect himself from the monsters under the bed . "
va	NNS	Her passage stirred the feasting crows and ravens , chasing them up into great black clouds in her wake .
va	NNS	He fastened the neck straps .
va	NNS	The attack caught the hunters off guard .
va	NN	I scan the endless ocean of hats until my gaze stops on one dark head .
va	NNS	In front of his eyes , before his father finished his repair , he saw threads coming from his father 's fingers .
va	NNS	Sylvia critically inspected Gia 's nails .
va	NNS	I didn 't see any signs , so just act like you belong here , maybe no one will notice .
va	NNS	She polished off the first few chapters and found herself thinking that she didn 't really think very much of the German writer 's superman .
va	NNS	" Or that we have traveled thousands of years into the past ? "
va	NNS	We 've had a few drinks before ... mostly here when you were hibernating for the past seven months . "
va	NNS	He watched her lashes lower , fanning her cheeks .
va	NNS	She 'd never seen a royal person 's tattoos before .
va	NNS	Gia patted the spikes .
va	NNS	She 'd overstepped her bounds , and her insubordination wouldn 't be tolerated .
va	NNS	Why would she have taken his tulips with her ?
va	NN	A hundred musketeers guarded the convoy .
va	NNS	And then , like smoke , Bod slipped though the bars .
va	NNS	" Before he poisoned the water bottles .
va	NNS	Without the benefit of surprise , he did not like his odds .
va	NNS	He also had two pistols in his hand .
va	NN	There was an edge of humor to her voice , an invitation to join her in shared amusement .
va	NN	I always had an itching when things felt odd and there was something that just bothered me to hell .
va	NN	They could hear the approaching vehicle .
va	NNS	Halfway through , she heard a few tentative notes from the banjo .
va	NNS	' I hate those bloody shows ! '
va	NN	His voice held longing .
va	NN	" Did you notice the mud on the tires ? "
va	NN	I grabbed my own Coke .
va	NN	" Good , because I need a Kylie fix .
va	NNS	His voice , in his ears , sounded squeaky .
va	NN	" And what pot 's that ? "
va	NNS	She clearly heard the sharper notes .
va	NN	His eyes flashed a brilliant violet .
va	NN	Hel , I didn 't like the bitch anyway . "
va	NN	The screen identified the caller as Eleanor .
va	NN	I launched my complaint immediately .
va	NNS	Soon we were all yawning in-between sentences , tired from the past challenges and overeating .
va	NN	Josie pulled a pad of paper from her portfolio .
va	NN	He spit the tooth fragment and gasped at the flare of pain the movement sent from his chin .
va	NNS	" I will bring the documents to make the agreement binding and what we may need for the trip . "
va	NN	A knock on the door interrupted Love from replying .
va	NNS	" Communications , turn off all Confederation channels and ignore all hails , " Eleanor orders .
va	NNS	The south end had obstacles obscuring my vision , and the north end was not much better .
va	NNS	In the front room she found recent images of Charming out in the desert digging with other fossil enthusiasts .
va	NNS	Even when it is possible , the Oaths forbid inverted webs of a certain size .
va	NN	When I turned around , I had an audience .
va	NNS	" Then I 'll just call Diggs and tell him what 's going on . "
va	NNS	" Yeah , he 's left me a million messages .
va	NN	I took the slightly blemished fruit that we couldn 't sell and made ice cream for the employees .
va	NNS	She bent to lift it , then saw some boxes that had been packed much more recently .
va	NNS	The wagons followed the marching troops and only a small contingent of mounted troops guarded the rear .
va	NN	I ´ ve never gotten a chance to see just how beautiful my world really is up close and personal .
va	NNS	Then he poured maple sap into a pan over the fire , every few minutes draining the watery liquid that rose to the top .
va	NN	For an instant , Conor felt courage , and clarity , and an alertness like he had never known .
va	NNS	Smiling at the sight of their sleeping children , they went downstairs , hand in hand .
va	NN	They have an entourage , so it wil take al three of us . "
va	NN	" In fact , come to think of it , I didn 't have the authority to shut it down in the first place .
va	NNS	The horses that no longer carried riders , bolted away from the fight .
va	NNS	He grabbed my wrists as I went to push him again .
va	NNS	But make sure she don 't eat em all at once , they 'll give her the runs .
va	NNS	Danis , Oris and I scanned our credit chips as we climbed up the steps and chose seats .
va	NN	I let my thoughts drift to last night 's revelations , thanks to my dream .
va	NNS	We 'll find your notes . "
va	NNS	" No way , you get extra wages ? "
va	NN	Over the next week , we spend our days shopping to furnish and decorate Andy 's new home .
va	NNS	" We 'll sell your paintings in the auction . "
va	NN	" I don 't think he likes you , " Rhona informed her traveling companion , something that got her a lovely glare .
va	NN	Josh pushed the hood of his sweatshirt off his head .
va	NN	Hunger was winning the race this morning .
va	NNS	It drove her nuts .
va	NNS	He heard those songs .
va	NN	I could see a blurry reflection of Cari in the table and looked up , realizing I had zoned out .
va	NNS	I hear the gunshots .
va	NNS	You didn 't need many rats for a plague , not if they knew their business .
va	NNS	She dismissed the witnesses and then turned to the Council , " well ? "
va	NNS	Somewhere out there , Melissa was searching , sifting through the few waking minds for one thinking stalking thoughts .
va	NN	When this is over , he promised her silently , you 're getting a large donation in your bank account .
va	NNS	I put two bullets into her chest and two more into her kneecaps .
va	NNS	He tightened the straps on his backpack , straightened his back , made circles with his shoulders , and popped on the flashlight again .
va	NNS	I formed fists and shook violently .
va	NNS	We have cells all over the country but you my beloved at this point are the most important .
va	NN	Still , she couldn 't quell the irritation she felt toward her mother .
va	NN	Stanton ignored the jab .
va	NNS	" I have ignored all causes .
va	NNS	Because of him she had goals and purpose .
va	NN	And the meetings themselves had limited value .
va	NNS	Captain Pitt was already learning the shuttle flight procedures , but would stay in command of the C-5 while the more experienced pilots would be in space .
va	NNS	Along with that , she 's always had ideas for stories swimming around in her head .
va	NNS	Hearing that buoyed Alix 's spirits .
va	NNS	They could conquer new worlds or let in all sorts of life to bend to their cause .
va	NNS	" I have three kings . "
va	NNS	He added some paper towels and a knife .
va	NNS	As yet , we don 't have any clues but we 'll continue to look . "
va	NNS	He was shaking visibly .
va	NN	Near the center of the tents I can see the parliamentarian banner raised .
va	NNS	" Lexi wrote you those letters when you were in Iraq , or Afghanistan , or wherever . "
va	NN	She wouldn 't risk their friendship .
va	NN	We accepted Katie 's invitation without a dissenting voice and kept up with her pace .
va	NNS	In that instant , Tick remembered the water monsters that had tried to kill his mom and dad .
va	NN	The pain rescind down my spinal cord into my sensitive nerve endings .
va	NN	" Most powerful charm in existence .
va	NNS	With her other hand she swiped her claws down his shirt , across his neck , hissing in fury .
va	NNS	I haven 't seen any signs of those things here . "
va	NNS	I clutched the cases of vials close to my chest as we burst through the back door .
va	NN	She 'd pressed her softness against him , fully conscious of what the intimacy was doing to him .
va	NN	Sitting on the torn rag , Bhai lit another cigarette .
va	NNS	You can 't even figure the odds to take a bet .
va	NN	With that Thor pulls his hood back over his head heading out of the alley and disappearing into the crowd towards the Inn .
va	NNS	If there 'd been a she-wolf in there with him , Paige might have just let her own claws out .
va	NN	You have brought me sugar , coffee and cigarettes .
va	NNS	He avoided deep conversations with women for this very reason .
va	NNS	Numerous slanting roof lines provided dozens of opportunities to hit your head on a sloping ceiling .
va	NN	She believed tolerant , but could not stand the blatant stupidity .
va	NN	Everyone nodded their agreement with this .
va	NN	At the gates , she swiped her wrist bracelet over the security scanner .
va	NN	At the time Mexico had an estimated population of eight million people .
va	NNS	Upon entering , they noticed five banners hung from high in the lobby .
va	NNS	" He has his own aims in Solace . "
va	NN	I crashed into something hard - the TV I rolled away from it and smashed into a wall .
va	NN	She felt Dimitri 's spirit brush up against hers and then he thrust her away .
va	NN	Paul lit another cigarette and said , " Do you know a guy named Floyd ? "
va	NN	I should call it a nightmare ! "
va	NNS	' We 've had engineers and geologists checking everything out there .
va	NNS	I can 't even get two sentences out ! "
va	NNS	It took him two tries to remember which one he 'd put it in .
va	NN	He took a long sip of coffee .
va	NNS	" Is there a reason you 're researching demons , Sophia ? "
va	NN	Onlookers crowded the market as his fad ' ra made a fool of himself for all to see .
va	NNS	" We 'd better hurry , " I said briskly .
va	NN	He let out a roar that was cut short by five bullets to the head from Ryan 's ' automatic pistol .
va	NNS	Donnie gives him big handfuls of it and shakes a little as he cries into his brother 's thin shoulder .
va	NN	She turned a page ; and her grandfather was standing for the first time in the very room that Carey was now seated in .
va	NN	Turn crock pot on high until heated through .
va	NN	And the human mind could not fully grasp the power and true glory of God .
va	NN	" We 're having a bonfire on the beach .
va	NN	" All right , Mr. Carter , I don 't get his motive .
va	NNS	Ambrose and his companions could suddenly see the arrows flying , and , more , they could see what had caused the alarm to be sounded .
va	NNS	Unlike hawks , it did not use its claws but instead tucked it away and used it 's opened beak to capture its preys .
va	NN	Betty shook off his elbow with a wan smile , but when she spoke her voice was strong .
va	NN	A glance out the window revealed torrential downpour accompanied by flashing lightning , gusty winds , and deafening thunder .
va	NNS	" Really , because I learned to be sneaky from watching you win cases .
va	NN	That bastard killed a deputy .
va	NNS	Dig up some old newspapers and see what we can find .
va	NN	But his reputation deters all serious rebellion , as he doesn 't deal kindly with traitors .
va	NN	I 'm laying nak * d in the bed , tangled in the sheets , watching him .
va	NNS	Even though we could sit down immediately , we 'd be ordering appetizers , main courses , and desserts .
va	NN	Then they unload a pallet of odd shaped boxes , and a bundle of spears . "
va	NN	You ain 't got the authority .
va	NNS	" I 'll scrounge up some blankets from the loft . "
va	NNS	I had other jobs as well because Mrs Flamingo still wasn 't paying much . "
va	NNS	My body and my mind definitely had very different opinions of the man .
va	NNS	He could see the thin blue veins traced here , and he knew that deep pressure could put her to sleep .
va	NN	Riley experienced an overwhelming surge of gratitude that he 'd learned of Hannah 's pregnancy .
va	NNS	" I 've had some long conversations with Annie since I learned she put sugar in Tiffany 's gas tank . "
va	NN	He has a hat on , pulled low on his head , and his coat is zipped up to his chin .
va	NNS	I made tight fists , warning my fingers not to reach up to his blond hair begging to be tamed .
va	NNS	All author 's proceeds from the Sutton Massachusetts Mysteries series benefit local battered women 's shelters .
va	NNS	" You 'll discover the limits rather sooner than you think .
va	NNS	They ´ re both pompous asses .
va	NNS	With practiced efficiency , he gathered two shirts , two pairs of pants , several pairs of underwear , a light jacket , and his shaving gear .
va	NNS	I clenched my fists as I forced my feet to stay in place .
va	NN	On her way out , she heard his farewell .
va	NNS	If Wren saved his father , he would alter many more fates than just his own .
va	NN	And I do possess a certain expertise in these matters .
va	NN	Christie had a bad track record with men , starting in high school .
va	NN	The other cops would find a drunken , naked , college boy locked behind car doors with no handles to be hilarious .
va	NNS	He wore well-fitting white shorts , his legs very much on show .
va	NN	I cal ed into the night , aware and not caring that the Abbotts could hear me .
va	NNS	I studied every century 's new ideas on sensual pleasure , every culture 's ideas , and learned as much as I could . "
va	NNS	In fact , he didn 't show signs of any emotion whatsoever .
va	NNS	I counted only three survivors .
va	NN	Patrick spat out a curse , but stayed up .
va	NN	I could handle one goon in a fight , but not two with very large guns .
va	NN	They both acknowledged the council with a nod , and Dylan led the way out of the throne room .
va	NNS	He couldn 't see the edges of the wing ; he couldn 't see the outline of the fuselage .
va	NN	Not that I had much recollection of him .
va	NNS	Made from the colossal bones of Outland beasts , it must have taken many cycles to construct .
va	NN	" When have you ever sought my permission for anything , lass ? "
va	NN	" I have no malice in me at the moment .
va	NN	I could feel every inch of him and yet I gasped for more .
va	NNS	He heard her gasps of pleasure as she opened her legs to him .
va	NNS	He carefully followed the ridges around a bend .
va	NNS	A few squirrels ran circles around a tree branch , and the birds continued their lively chorus , but the world was otherwise still .
va	NN	Davis slid another cigarette between her lips but had seemed to have misplaced her lighter in her bed covers .
va	NNS	They aim the decorative boxes at the dodging spirit .
va	NN	Last night he threw together one draft of generic opinion in less than an hour and didn 't bother to re-read it before posting .
va	NNS	I will never forget the dozens of talented friends of mine who would never work in Hollywood again .
va	NNS	She gripped his forearms , digging her fingers into the hard muscles and tendons , holding on for dear life as she sagged against him .
va	NNS	Mom likes her comforts .
va	NNS	You could never have too much Five Guys in your house .
va	NNS	That , cunning as they all are , they don 't realize their judge , jury and executioner stands before them , painted in roses and ink .
va	NN	He hit the switch to roll down his window .
va	NN	While we 're walking around , we 'd like your secretary to make copies of some files .
va	NN	I could feel my muscles tensing .
va	NN	He obviously spent a good amount of time on physical activity .
va	NNS	Mustache and Beard poked the barrels of their automatic weapons into the room .
va	NN	I let out a tiny whimper as he pulls back slightly .
va	NN	Pilots take great pride in their smooth landings , and this guy is probably embarrassed .
va	NN	I took a sip of my milkshake , swallowing the creamy mix as she shifted uncomfortably .
va	NN	At the height of the evening rush hour he began his destruction of human life .
va	NNS	I knocked several demons out of my way as I blindly followed his voice down one corridor and through another .
va	NNS	He 'd also met my demands from the other night and hired a small security team that would report solely to me .
va	NNS	I headed downstairs to the gym .
va	NN	For the millionth time in my life , I cursed my inability to phase as I darted toward the door .
va	NN	" I have a limousine waiting for you outside .
va	NN	" What truths were they spewing ? "
va	NNS	We exchanged letters for about a year and then his parents brought him to visit again .
va	NNS	His brother had come downstairs and was among the crowd , standing toward the back .
va	NNS	Heisenberg watched the veins in the General 's neck bulge , wondering if today something would finally pop .
va	NN	" Spoken like a true oaf .
va	NN	" I 'd take the sympathy over those two , or any of the De La Cruz brothers for that matter , lecturing me . "
va	NNS	Andrea had seen bracelets like this in the shops she and Glory had gone to in SoCo , though this one was of real , heavy silver .
va	NN	In the first three stores they found no visual matches and nobody admitted selling the chair that Reacher was carrying .
va	NN	After a prolonged silence , the Tenacious said , " I 'll call your supervisor . "
va	NNS	Because Camila had set her sights on Ned ?
va	NN	The original cover of the book didn 't show the race of the characters .
va	NN	Or she had no confidence it would make any difference .
va	NNS	I rubbed my wrists , trying to keep my panic under control .
va	NN	Undeterred , he waved his crop over the ruined square behind him .
va	NN	If needed , I will pick up some meaningful activity after three years . "
va	NNS	I know the battles he has fought with himself .
va	NNS	He can 't take the risks he once did .
va	NN	I don 't require any assistance . "
va	NN	They can tip the balance .
va	NNS	I wanted two arrows fired at him .
va	NN	And they saw the faint dark streak of land on the horizon .
va	NNS	The trio of rough and ready individuals had only made two stops the entire journey .
va	NNS	" I 've reported all my predictions and impressions to you . "
va	NN	We started down the corridor to the residences .
va	NNS	She did have images in her head - her hands moving over his body , her mouth trailing kisses .
va	NN	I helped her tidy up .
va	NNS	He beat his fists against the walls , over and over again , soaking his knuckles in crimson , cracking his bones as well as the stone .
va	NN	He couldn 't have sunk more invitation into it if he 'd stripped in front of me .
va	NN	She makes my heart pound , and my knee 's week .
va	NN	And to top it off she 'd found resolution to that part of her life that had haunted her for so long .
va	NN	I hear more rustling as he burrows himself into the space under the porch .
va	NN	She faced the map of the States behind her and checked her watch .
va	NN	* * * Simon heard the explosion , pinpointed the direction , and shouted , Blair !
va	NN	I latched the harness around his chest and tied my hair up .
va	NNS	She had seen images of such magnificence only on television and the Internet .
va	NNS	" I have two jobs .
va	NNS	I 've made appointments to tour Altamira and Whispering Willows tomorrow . "
va	NN	That a young dockside whore with soulful , dark eyes had provoked the earl to a pulse .
va	NN	She picked up the telephone . "
va	NN	Billy finally noticed the red bundle the man was holding tightly against his chest .
va	NNS	I went downstairs with Gideon and Lesley to say good night at the front door .
va	NN	In addition to the walks and chats , we took advantage of other benefits of our hideaway , namely the fencing .
va	NNS	I 've got some ideas how to use it to do some testing -- on Jamie , if that 's okay with you , Flex . "
va	NN	Testing his ability to move , he shifted an inch or two .
va	NNS	" People do dangerous jobs and still have lives .
va	NNS	He was still wearing his sneakers and jeans , though the weight didn 't slow him .
va	NNS	The barest contact sent tingles through her .
va	NN	Crackling as they leapt from his fingertips , the flames crawled up the ivory altar , found the Door and tuned it to his home .
va	NN	She , alone , awoke the hungry beast in him .
va	NN	I might have a concussion .
va	NN	It didn 't need more stuffing , it needed a complete makeover .
va	NN	Early in his career as a journalist , he asked his chief reporter why he allowed so many crime stories in local news .
va	NNS	The tree grabbed a few passing branches to leap over another rock blocking the way .
va	NNS	Blocks away , I could see the leafy tops of the oaks in my front yard , but I wasn 't ready to go home yet .
va	NN	I find my favorite poster , the one I have opposite my bed so that it 's the first thing I see every morning .
va	NN	She searched the letter B in the core processor .
va	NNS	I rushed downstairs to the telephone and dialed a number on a corkboard next to the old fashioned phone .
va	NN	He at least had the decency to blush .
va	NNS	When I looked up , I found Ares staring at my husband in concern .
va	NNS	He will like the odds and come immediately .
va	NN	You know his temper .
va	NN	I took the hint and set Nate down .
va	NNS	We carry each other 's gazes , refusing to look away , and finally his facial expression softens .
va	NNS	Meanwhile , everyone else was smuggling the traps to the Great Hall , preparing for tomorrow night 's efforts .
va	NN	They kept a skeleton crew on-site to monitor the automated production system , make necessary repairs .
va	NNS	So do inspirational messages .
va	NNS	She 'd romanced angels , she 'd traveled to a bustling city in a dark realm , she 'd teleported vast distances instantaneously .
va	NNS	One shelf held four Coleman lanterns and the rest of the space was occupied by cans of fuel to keep them lit .
va	NN	He saw her wobbling to hold her balance and reached out to steady her , a firm arm grasping her elbow .
va	NNS	One of the ships dropped off all the passengers and supplies , and having done its work , sailed back for France .
va	NN	" I found the brooch in the shoe , and I used that . "
va	NNS	Sam with his wavy hair brushing the edges of his glasses , and Stacey sitting with her hands clasped on the table .
va	NN	' Damn stupid nonsense .
va	NN	Lauren Sullivan is currently pursuing her MFA degree at Northern Arizona University .
va	NN	I had no clear recollection of when I had put up the photo .
va	NN	She took advantage of the opportunity to emphasise her preference for driving over riding , and left it at that .
va	NNS	He unfastened his shorts and removed the rest of his clothes in one swift motion .
va	NN	Kinda like a rash .
va	NN	She grabbed the companionway handrail for stability .
va	NNS	She had accused the judges of many unpleasant perversions .
va	NNS	" I have waited several lifetimes for you , Lara . "
va	NNS	" You could write some new songs .
va	NN	The halls are growing quieter around us as students leave the cafeteria for their lockers and the next class .
va	NN	He was given permission , provided he didn 't open any windows or go up the final narrower stairs to the central tower .
va	NNS	Fluffy eyed the hats suspiciously , wondering if there was a nasty surprise hidden beneath them .
va	NN	Harcourt thumped his cane against the floor .
va	NN	Normally Evie would play the loyal girlfriend and sit with him , feeling she had to be supportive in his darkest hour .
va	NN	said the mayor , as Corporal Knopf hurried off .
va	NNS	' How many languages do you speak fluently ? '
va	NNS	" Yeah , well , a lot of people get headaches , whatever .
va	NNS	As he did , his shirt sleeve slipped down , revealing arms scattered with raised , mottled veins .
va	NN	But she needed permission and so far she wasn 't getting it .
va	NNS	Groups of soldiers and sailors shovel paths for emergency vehicles , but the only transport moving are sleighs .
va	NN	He opened the medicine cabinet behind the beveled mirror in the bathroom .
va	NNS	I kicked off my flip-flops , eager to get my bare toes in the sand again .
va	NN	Spencer shut her eyes , tasting vodka and steak sauce .
va	NN	" Have I got amnesia ? "
va	NNS	Joe and his men tied the prisoners securely , loaded them into an empty wagon and hauled them to Santa Fe .
va	NN	Leif still had the appearance of a rabbit in headlights .
va	NNS	I 've picked up a few hints about the next couple of centuries while I was putting the concordance together .
va	NN	He blew up his balloon to gain extra hang time , pulling up his legs as the beast leaped and swiped its leafy paws at him .
va	NN	It captured Joan 's activity .
va	NN	The word had a hook that drew blood .
va	NNS	" And where would we put the boxes ?
va	NN	He doesn 't have a predictable schedule either . "
va	NNS	While he waited , he evaluated the newcomers by the door .
va	NNS	He ignored the police officers who came and went , although he 'd known many of them well enough to call them friends .
va	NN	even in a situation like that , she could just let the remark like that slide .
va	NN	CIC and most of the major systems have taken heavy damage .
va	NNS	I haven 't had any other visitors yet . "
va	NNS	I play sports for the fun .
va	NN	The man oozed a confidence and sensuality that made her knees weak .
va	NN	" Hehehe , somebody must have finally found the light switch . "
va	NNS	Why did people with secrets leave clues for others to find years and years later ?
va	NN	" Maybe you bring out the slut in me , Markman . "
va	NN	They had taken up residence amid a collection of Mission chairs , rockers , and coffee tables .
va	NNS	Her hands raised further upwards , a sense of triumph and victory emanating from her .
va	NN	She 'd suffered the same ordeal but watching someone else endure it was so much worse .
va	NNS	Heather stopped her preparations and listened as the young priest recalled a memory picture of one of the scrolls in the Cave of Knowledge .
va	NNS	They go back hundreds of years .
va	NNS	Dorian admired the happy , dancing couples and then gave me a knowing look .
va	NNS	But this one sends shivers down her spine , and she knows it is Alaric .
va	NNS	Then more angles of the artsy section of Birmingham , ornate mansions next door to dilapidated apartment buildings .
va	NN	I made a desperate appeal with my eyes towards the cookies but she remained firm gesturing towards the seat to her left .
va	NN	She runs the pad of her thumb across her bottom lip .
va	NN	The mechanized voice informing him that the cellular customer he was calling was unavailable only fueled his irritation .
va	NNS	Shannon ate her beans quietly .
va	NN	Can we have a quick chat ? "
va	NN	Her words sent a shiver through my body , taking the fight out of me .
va	NN	' This sword gives me a great advantage . '
va	NN	I can use my sickness as a trump card .
va	NN	Only the thought of Travis and Cammie in his hands gave her the courage to continue .
va	NNS	She saw sections of the map made squalid with darkness , and others that were bathed in the most extraordinary light .
va	NN	On a seemingly random impulse , she shut off her flashlight and put it into the pocket of her sweater next to her journal .
va	NNS	" Yet , every day , you suffer the foolishness of penance . "
va	NN	He gave me the throwing cord without even looking at it , taking the winged puppy in his hands .
va	NNS	Enrique had the newspapers that he had been perusing and laying by distributed among all the visitors .
va	NNS	" Iman organises the hits . "
va	NNS	" I wrote some ideas on the back . "
va	NN	No matter how incredible the view she had no intention of seeing it .
va	NN	Noel put the sling around him .
va	NNS	She jotted notes in his chart and walked out .
va	NNS	He alone had gathered the survivors and as many children as could be collected , and he saved them from death .
va	NNS	Then they locked thick chains around his wrists , trapping him .
va	NN	Excited to explore the rest of the envelope 's contents , I gathered up all the mail and ran back inside the Perkins house .
va	NNS	' We 've got the first Sto Lat stamps , sir ! '
va	NN	Yeah the folks in town just chalked up William Countryman 's plight to a sad accident .
va	NN	She picked up a catalog and flipped through it .
va	NNS	Give me ground-up beans or give me death . "
va	NNS	" You watch too many movies . "
va	NNS	They waved flags that were sea blue with a silver eye in the center .
va	NN	She takes a deep inhale .
va	NN	He assembled a tray with tea cups , cream , sugar , and the smallest of spoons .
va	NNS	I saw the villages of white houses tumbling over the hills .
va	NN	But I don ´ t care , I ´ m not going to fail my alien friend .
va	NNS	The men lit their cigars and watched the smoke drift silently away .
va	NN	He tipped his helmet back , revealing a familiar face .
va	NN	" What channel do we broadcast on again ? "
va	NNS	" The younger ones have killed dozens of people and the older ones have body counts beyond any human killer , beyond any single human atrocity .
va	NN	The vulnerability in his voice made Danni 's heart swell .
va	NN	I love that tile you 've got there .
va	NN	Knowing that you 're going to be okay has returned my appetite .
va	NN	One day he 'll find his queen .
va	NNS	" Random transmission sources of high-speed images , hundreds of sources , strong ones , and they seem to be all around us . "
va	NN	She didn 't have a cleaner for herself , but paid Nuala to clean two afternoons a week for her mother .
va	NN	He took another sip of his coffee .
va	NNS	" In the meantime , we have many successes to relish .
va	NN	You gave us quite a scare . "
va	NN	We had a revelation in this very house after He resurrected . "
va	NNS	" Well , as you are here now , we might as well combine forces .
va	NN	He didn 't even have a scratch on him .
va	NN	After only a few drags , he slammed his cigarette to the ground and walked to the airless tire .
va	NNS	Cease the attacks , stand down the military , and let 's talk this out .
va	NNS	From the police to the firemen to the ordinary citizens of town , Henrietta had overheard many conversations that centred on that woman .
va	NN	" How can we defeat a horde of these ? "
va	NN	Damien sends a kick toward the punching bag that makes it vibrate back and forth about six inches .
va	NN	" You have a theory you want to share ? "
va	NN	Stuart handed Heinrich the photo of Monica .
va	NNS	I 'd pictured reptilian horrors , sort of like you 'd conjure from all the B movies , half man , half reptile .
va	NNS	If I 'd bothered to bring a gun , I could have easily put three bullets in his chest from here .
va	NNS	The doctors couldn 't make up their minds whether MPD existed or not .
va	NN	" Sofie , Ivan gave me a sleeping pill ... " My words were becoming garbled , blending into each other .
va	NNS	She ran downstairs , grabbed the bottle of bourbon , then returned to the bedroom and placed it on the floor between them .
va	NNS	She just has some bruises and they 're monitoring the baby 's vitals .
va	NNS	She 'd witnessed similar antics when her husband and other Militia Warriors would gather in a knot around the BBQ and do some proverbial chest - thumping .
va	NNS	Without startling her , I let my shorts fall to the floor and joined her .
va	NN	If you enjoyed Prom Impossible , you might enjoy my YA spy series .
va	NNS	Gel played the songs she wanted , the way she wanted them played , and he didn 't get distracted .
va	NNS	You don 't ruffle too many feathers , and you 'll get along .
va	NNS	She remembers Willem 's sadness last summer .
va	NNS	I have reached the limits of my knowledge .
va	NNS	I don 't want regrets .
va	NN	I spun my head in a slow circle , feeling creaky and old and thinking it was about time I used that paid-for lifetime gym membership .
va	NN	" See that rubber wedge on the floor ? "
va	NNS	Some would push out tentative tendrils that would grow around neighboring cells .
va	NNS	Callum put his fists up in front of his face and I threw a light punch that he easily blocked .
va	NN	Whilst setting up their gear Raphael said , ' There 's a lot of terrible band names out there . '
va	NN	The contract we drafted included a clause that I take a look at what James called the ' brightest star ' in the real estate business .
va	NN	" I , uh , I brought you some fresh fruit .
va	NNS	Again the UAS Air Force received some casualties from ground fire as they eliminated the remaining Chinese Red Air Force .
va	NN	" Throw away Willy 's hat ? "
va	NN	He felt no remorse .
va	NN	He pulled her h * ps flush against his .
va	NNS	" I could get sacked for misusing a form requesting medical records .
va	NNS	They had visitors , those who came for charms , for salves , who sought answers to questions , who hoped for love or fortune .
va	NNS	He held the seven letters on his tongue as if he was savoring them , and she was held spellbound despite herself .
va	NN	" You can 't do the surgery now !
va	NNS	We never cross paths , never ... and you 've always been with me in Pure Land , with me ... " My weak voice peters off .
va	NN	A coarsely made wooden bunny figurine -- one of those freaky cheap ones .
va	NN	She felt his hand hover and then land on her shoulder .
va	NNS	We had read myths and talked about them , seen the movies and plays , lived the stories and imagined the experience .
va	NNS	They were being taught the merits of order and discipline .
va	NNS	Moments later , her dad had used two pot holders to cover the important parts .
va	NN	He was still studying the calendar .
va	NNS	Here she already knew the contents of every store .
va	NNS	I grabbed the bottles and walked back to the guy 's table , slightly agitated ... and not sure why .
va	NN	" I 'll marry whomever I please , whether she 's a scullery maid or a princess or a slave .
va	NNS	Admiral Haynes places his fists on the polished surface of his oak desk .
va	NN	' They gave her a thorough inspection , Beth ; when they were checking her for injuries .
va	NNS	" I 'll replace all your jewels , all your gowns .
va	NNS	Even face demons from her past by coming to an Air Force base .
va	NNS	The next day , he told the other three Beatles that he was finished . "
va	NN	After Grace disconnected , Kennedy paced the carpet of the parlor .
va	NN	Suit , preppy striped tie .
va	NNS	Others had towels around their waists or shoulders and were busy talking .
va	NN	Jennifer dropped the spoon into the jelly jar and licked her finger .
va	NNS	Neither the line nor the fashion deterred the cousins .
va	NNS	I heard the opening notes of " I Did It My way " and Adam began to sing .
va	NN	He took the small bundle in his arms .
va	NNS	I 'd had roommates , but never lived with a boyfriend .
va	NN	" 1 take it the medication the doctor gave you for the nausea didn 't help ? "
va	NNS	He scored films for all the major studios .
va	NNS	Prue scored her nails down his back holding on as he made love to her .
va	NNS	I raised my brows , " Is it callous to be truthful ? "
va	NN	Please follow your schedule .
va	NNS	He looked incredible poised against the backdrop of the flower beds that gave the province of Dahlia its name .
va	NNS	I could have pancakes with strawberries , blueberries , chocolate chips , whipped cream , and syrup .
va	NNS	" Sergeant , contact the snipers on the move and have them get to their positions for operation fall back .
va	NN	After a series of infidelities , and an illegitimate son , Jean had reached her limit .
va	NNS	Thomas demanded explanations and refused to believe almost everything he heard .
va	NN	" Take it now , " Rick said , and called , " Thirty-two dive . "
va	NN	He stared wide eyed up at me .
va	NN	Splashing in , I dipped my muzzle to the bottom and let the chilly liquid ease the buzzing from my brain .
va	NNS	Located on a low rise at the end of a residential street , it had spectacular views over the water .
va	NNS	The string musicians pulled their bows away from their instruments for the last time .
va	NN	She took another sip and breathed deeply .
va	NN	I 've held your nak * d body against mine .
va	NN	You 've found my tickling weakness .
va	NNS	My eyes scan the rocks , which we left a ways back , but other than that there 's no place to hide .
va	NNS	The families of Oi ' tang happily live and mine the precious crystals creating the facial decoration for the species .
va	NNS	He had taken a few notes , but his natural skepticism had kept him from amassing more than half a page .
va	NNS	On the second row , behind them , sat the younger braves and older men of the village .
va	NNS	He could hear the footsteps above his head and a voice asking him to keep shouting .
va	NN	We turned down another corridor , leading toward the back door , and I stopped , seeing Moose and his gang of thugs at the other end .
va	NNS	This surprises the Russian pilots , prompting them to start their engines .
va	NNS	And free the demons .
va	NN	An image of Lloyd Black filled the page .
va	NN	It always creates a longing in me .
va	NNS	I suddenly had goose bumps all over .
va	NNS	Rich colored light threw patterns on the wood , the walls , her skin .
va	NN	I was running the hybrid fever as wel .
va	NNS	Chris exhaled threw his nostrils .
va	NN	" Harold , you darn well better cut off their liquor , " he admonished the footman pointing a pool cue towards him .
va	NNS	Blood even ran down his wrists and ankles where he 'd pulled at his bonds .
va	NN	He wore a green robe , a small sword belted to his side .
va	NN	Or that maybe you jumped off the cliff . "
va	NN	' Not to worry though , sir , we have the virus under control .
va	NN	Bed , desk , bookcases , fridge , TV .
va	NNS	Guns couldn 't physically injure angels , but oh , they could hurt me .
va	NN	Her voice had gotten quieter and more solemn .
va	NNS	Arsenic poisoning can cause both physical tremors like the ones Noah experiences in his hands , and mental confusion and delirium .
va	NN	" You hit that fence pretty damned hard Girl , before landing on your BUTT . "
va	NNS	I played sports . "
va	NN	" Change is not always accomplished peaceful y , but that does not make it disadvantageous .
va	NNS	I already have some ideas on how to deal with her . "
va	NNS	" So you 're following your uncle 's footsteps , taking over cities ? "
va	NN	Then again , Cal had the tendency to ignore any problems between them .
va	NNS	She tweaked her brows at Kylie 's forehead .
va	NNS	They 'd ignored Celina 's antics , blamed the House for everything that went wrong in Chicago .
va	NNS	" I had better hopes for you . "
va	NN	And from three to twenty feet above the surface of the road rushed a horde of wind furies .
va	NNS	She felt tiny threads , a million strong binding his soul to hers , weaving their hearts together , their minds .
va	NN	" Captain give any indication as to what he needed ? "
va	NN	" You are observing a period of isolation in which you can dedicate yourself to contemplating your new place in life .
va	NN	One of the cars announced its arrival causing her to hide around the corner .
va	NN	" Dr. Patterson pioneered minimally invasive heart surgery .
va	NNS	He might as well have a few drinks , pay her then send her on her way .
va	NNS	Confused , I said , " I don 't have any tattoos . "
va	NN	I squeezed the rounded granite and stared out the small window that looked into some trees behind the house .
va	NN	I blew out a long exhale .
va	NNS	He dropped his shorts and stood there at full attention .
va	NNS	" Now hang up my robes and then you can join the others . "
va	NNS	Its mighty limbs , themselves the size of the lesser trees , fanned out hundreds of feet above to overshadow the entire lake .
va	NNS	We 're sending surrender messages on all frequencies but they 're still firing !
va	NN	Fontaine tapped his elbow against mine .
va	NN	Daniel knew every inch of this land .
va	NNS	Dad broke gazes with me , his face pale but otherwise seeming unaffected .
va	NNS	I pulled out some bills but he waved them off .
va	NN	I didn 't even have a goose bump as I sat up and looked around .
va	NNS	Donnie could already see tons of changes needing to be made if he bought the ship .
va	NNS	The Belle made fifteen runs across the North Atlantic ; we still got our guns , and my crew knows how to use ' em . "
va	NN	They didn 't have the harness hooked to their ox , and they hadn 't loosened the stump in the earth by digging about it .
va	NNS	He had more one-night stands than he could count and assumed he would lead the life of a bachelor forever .
va	NNS	" You have five standards to rotate your ships and begin departure of this system .
va	NNS	" I 'll tell your admirers outside this as well , but no napping today .
va	NNS	It had chips and dents in the bottom of the wood where my father had kicked the door open or closed during his many tantrums .
va	NNS	But most of all , I experienced sadness .
va	NN	She deposited the container in the garbage and started to leave when Cliff stopped her .
va	NNS	He had no blankets with him .
va	NNS	' No , but you are showing dangerous signs of becoming very middle-aged .
va	NNS	She had taken precautions , but was it enough ?
va	NN	Still a couple feet off the ground , she landed off balance on her feet and then fell flat on her butt .
va	NNS	You want their minds .
va	NN	Was it possible I had imagined this vibe ?
va	NNS	" We haven 't seen his paintings yet , but Raven has told us he is quite talented . "
va	NNS	Page one , photo two , sixteen black Hunters in a perfect diamond formation .
va	NNS	Scents flooded his nostrils .
va	NNS	Only then he had been wearing basketball shorts and a towel slung around his neck , and now he was in a suit and tie .
va	NNS	Never before had he ever withstood my commands to kill .
va	NN	" Maybe it takes a nerd to know one . "
va	NNS	Turkey sent troops across the border into Syria on Monday .
va	NNS	It doesn 't follow your commands .
va	NNS	Pursuit of environmentally friendlier sources of energy has provided few potential practical alternatives .
va	NNS	They had rol ed down al the curtains of the palanquin except one .
va	NNS	The waitress had spilled drinks all over Ian and Andrew .
va	NN	Michael ignored his comment .
va	NN	And bugging Nick at three a.m. did provide some entertainment .
va	NNS	He recognised the signs , the local grievances and simmering tensions .
va	NN	I know the apparition I saw in the road that night was meant to stop me .
va	NNS	I do part-time jobs not because we 're poor .
va	NNS	The house had actual beds in all the rooms instead of the palettes that Daniel 's family used .
va	NNS	He was putting the chips in our hips , but some of those escaping removed them , so he 's using a different system .
va	NNS	But she couldn 't understand whole sentences .
va	NNS	" Whatever he may say to the contrary , Will does not break oaths , or the Law . "
va	NNS	She shakes her curls .
va	NN	You messed up the first bomb , and now I can 't launch the others .
va	NNS	Before we ran out of incline , I hit the brakes and we changed sides .
va	NN	Mason took a sip of his tea .
va	NN	Can you not sense their passion ? "
va	NNS	" Give her your bullets . "
va	NNS	" Both those sisters had set their caps tight for Mister Quinn ' fore he left for the war .
va	NN	Max bit back a curse .
va	NNS	During her captivity , Zillah had commanded the demons , keeping them all at bay , allowing only those he chose to feed from her .
va	NNS	Jonas weighed the odds and decided to take a realistic view .
va	NNS	Yet again , my best friend pulled out the stops for me by pouring shots for everyone while we were gone .
va	NNS	She had black curls escaping from a grey ribbon , and large , black eyes .
va	NNS	And with all this free time came unexpected visits .
va	NN	As soon as she thought of them her guts gave the worst kick inside her .
va	NNS	He had taken many of the early civil rights cases when the old segregation rules were changing .
va	NNS	Emma heard footsteps and instinctively threw herself against the door .
va	NNS	The boys sang songs in tenor harmonies as we went down to the docks .
va	NN	We 'll take an autograph and show it to the girls tomorrow ! "
va	NNS	I found my sunglasses and cover-up and we headed out to find Ty and Miranda .
va	NN	With one strong move , he ripped her thong off .
va	NN	In the end , it will mean their destruction and our survival for millennia to come . "
va	NNS	Thomas donned the girl 's pyjamas for the second time .
va	NNS	My Daddy squats under the island table then places cold water bottles on the marble .
va	NNS	He makes air quotes with two fingers .
va	NN	" Your dad shares his work schedule with your mom and you .
va	NN	Savannah slowly lowered the stake .
va	NNS	Besides , why did they invent antacid tablets if it wasn 't for times like this ? "
va	NN	" I du n no .
va	NNS	I had missed Holy Days of Obligation .
va	NNS	As a kid , he had spent his summers canoeing Willow Lake and hiking the North Woods .
va	NNS	They pulled the trucks inside , out of view , and Carmine parked his car behind them .
va	NN	" I must get to the van , put an attachment on .
va	NNS	' Why , you have any recommendations ? '
va	NNS	They mentioned rats in their quarters .
va	NNS	Before the wars . "
va	NNS	His fingers continued their gentle circles along her head , and she could have sworn his hand trembled slightly .
va	NN	Stella shared her tale of woe next .
va	NNS	He is wrestling demons to get to her .
va	NN	Then she grasped his erection , wrapping her smaller hand around his aching shaft .
va	NN	He had his helmet off and a female reporter held a microphone toward him .
va	NNS	They took her pleas as an invitation to beat her to death .
va	NNS	You can trust some animals , even bears .
va	NNS	His eyes twinkled wickedly .
va	NNS	I had enough employees that on days like these I could stay home with my family .
va	NNS	The words whispered in her ear sent shivers traveling down her spine , leaving glorious goose bumps on all her flesh .
va	NN	She would use a different pattern here or a different cut there .
va	NNS	" They 're not bad , " the girl next to Gary tried to explain , " They just don 't have real jobs . "
va	NN	Lupine was sitting bolt upright , too excited even to wag his tail .
va	NN	Their methods brought no one very much pride , for they were those of the lawman apprehending a rowdy suspect .
va	NN	She flipped a light switch on the wall , illuminating the interior .
va	NNS	He was wearing thick white robes , and looked very much like a priest .
va	NN	I gathered the courage to face my fate and sat up .
va	NN	" Did you write an appointment request ? "
va	NN	Several journalism awards littered a shelf on the wall behind his desk .
va	NN	She took another sip of tea .
va	NN	He brought the van up to the scene of the incident and soon Alex was on his way back to Barnstaple .
va	NNS	Bryony ran forwards and swung her pole at the first suit of armour .
va	NNS	We have channels and they have no right being here or operating . "
va	NN	He had a gorgeous tan , almost as good as mine , but he paled underneath it .
va	NN	Smell the stench from the drawers .
va	NN	So when are you expecting your bundle of joy ? "
va	NN	Ellie felt a familiar tendril of fear in her stomach .
va	NNS	We have no other witnesses . "
va	NNS	A soft breeze lifts the tendrils of my hair .
va	NNS	Demon high lords were fallen angels who had welcomed evil into their hearts .
va	NNS	I can take the red crystal earrings with me again .
va	NN	Mr. Ryder maintained his post while Clay grabbed the doorknob .
va	NN	Tasha took a sip of her tea and sat it back in the saucer before answering .
va	NNS	She just messes up people 's minds .
va	NNS	This time they found feathers and bits two hundred yards away . "
va	NN	Maybe I should give him the benefit of the doubt .
va	NNS	He furrowed his lush brows .
va	NNS	" You real y can 't see people 's brain patterns ?
va	NN	Or , in this case , to get a damn map .
va	NN	After that - He 'll start hunting again . "
va	NN	She shone the flashlight through the little window in the door .
va	NN	Deep within the dragon , Byron felt elation sweeping through him .
va	NNS	They had gardens that grew special plants during the short summers of the north .
va	NN	Their relationship had just made a definitive shift to public , and she was unprepared for the wave of pride that swept through her .
va	NNS	Papal guards lined the edges of the room , and another row stood in front of the dais that had been erected at one end of it .
va	NNS	Her voice fakes the lightness that doesn 't reach her eyes .
va	NN	Franco stood so close their h * ps and thighs meshed and she could see the tiny strain lines radiating from his eyes and lips .
va	NN	said the Chair of Indefinite Studies .
va	NNS	Grandmother pulls some tiny devices from her dress pockets , shaking her curls .
va	NN	Never before had such a torrid mixture of emotions overrun her heart , and her mind was in no fit state to reason with them .
va	NN	Sloane had a willowy build and relatively little regard for recommended safety measures .
va	NNS	" Like spam artists ? "
va	NN	And keep the charm on . "
va	NN	" Jax had a nightmare , but it 's okay now . "
va	NNS	His listeners ( even Rachel Demarest ) were absorbing the implications with varying degrees of shock .
va	NNS	I made reservations last month to make sure we wouldn 't have to wait all night for dinner . "
va	NN	Studying him in repose , Elizabeth felt a possessive pride that both alarmed and pleased her .
va	NN	Zook heard a series of light thuds .
va	NNS	" Who approves all your ideas ? "
va	NN	He acquired a wardrobe of vampire garments .
va	NN	" You 're being ousted buddy . "
va	NNS	They have lovely purple flower spikes dusted with orange when they are in bloom . "
va	NN	" Actually , " she began , taking a casual sip of tea , " we 'll be getting an annulment . "
va	NNS	I 'm drawing tons of attention to myself , including the stares of some hot guys .
va	NNS	I gave her some instructions for managing the shop while I was away , and did my best to reassure her .
va	NNS	No demon , not even an Upper Level one , would escape these chains .
va	NNS	He remembers the veins on the forearms still .
va	NNS	They 're sending shuttles around now . "
va	NN	The weight of an answer had final y been lifted , and he felt hopeful again .
va	NNS	" I hate schools . "
va	NN	You always had such a passion for food . "
va	NN	Had the Wise Ones forgiven her unknown slight ?
va	NNS	In a matter of minutes the legions and the knights had joined forces .
va	NNS	He grabbed my wrists and pushed me up against the wall .
va	NNS	We 'd spend our afternoons exploring run-down apartments , or visit with our adult female neighbors as they stood along the boulevard soliciting customers .
va	NNS	He roared forwards , but she ducked and reached back to throw a punch of her own into his stomach - the highest she could reach .
va	NN	He held up a bucket of tools .
va	NN	Hidden well within her heart she coveted the Big Boss ' authority , his place as sole leader of the fabulous corporation .
va	NNS	But the thought that she will go with a lunatic , gave me chills on the back .
va	NNS	Ali tapped her nails against the bench .
va	NNS	You only ask opinions after you 've made a decision .
va	NN	Tammy felt a twig of sadness for him .
va	NNS	Since he was the first , the gods hadn 't quite got the kinks out of the system .
va	NNS	The tour served three purposes .
va	NN	Not since - " She made herself finish her sentence .
va	NN	" I gave her permission to keep seeing Gage . "
va	NN	He had the appearance of a human in their mid-thirties despite being almost the same age as her .
va	NN	Despite al his transformations , his nudity , and his beard , the young man stil looked every inch the dandy .
va	NNS	It has twelve melted Milky Way bars in it . "
va	NN	He heard the click of tiny paws on the paving behind him .
va	NN	They began their trek with the sun falling sharply into the western sky .
va	NNS	Matt and I have learned tons from him and his buddies .
va	NN	If only - Juliet abruptly crushed the worthless yearning .
va	NN	But then he suddenly discovered some flaw in his reasoning .
va	NN	William mumbled an agreement and slipped his legs out of the bed , rubbing at his eyes .
va	NNS	He 's actually been writing really depressing songs lately and I sometimes wonder if they 're about Lea .
va	NNS	" And he makes the movies on your lot . "
va	NN	Saul took the cigarette from his lips and exhaled .
va	NN	The cost matters not , so let your conscience be at ease . "
va	NNS	Billy 's rage knew no boundaries .
va	NN	For Fletcher , a new quarter always means a new girlfriend .
va	NNS	Softly at first , then loudly , crashing her fists down on the kitchen counter , then the table , then the wall .
va	NNS	He rattled his chains .
va	NN	" But you don 't have a secretary . "
va	NNS	I had thousands of questions in my mind .
va	NNS	Kate 's hands made fists .
va	NNS	Then , just when he was on the verge of sleep , he heard footsteps again in the yard .
va	NNS	I shoveled pancakes into my mouth and sipped my bold , hot coffee .
va	NN	As short as it was , she couldn 't do any damage .
va	NN	Running in this form was unlike anything she had ever experienced , complete and utter freedom .
va	NN	Her body picked up his rhythm , her h * ps pushing back .
va	NN	He regretted only the waste of time and effort which he was now forced to eliminate .
va	NNS	Infusing emitting elements with neutral elements would enable the claws to react to the user 's Vito .
va	NN	He loved his sister-in-law , and normally he might even mention his conversation with Annie , tell her about Diana , but not today .
va	NNS	' Now see the colours - feel the colours - imagine the colours all changing to white . '
va	NN	They bid each other farewell and he hung up the call .
va	NN	A sea of blooms filled the courtyard .
va	NN	Firstly , she gently removed the pad that someone had placed on the injury , and wiped away all the excess blood .
va	NNS	He ordered beverages for each of the women and then held Stacy 's gaze as she lifted her flute to her mouth .
va	NNS	You 've just stated some facts . "
va	NN	The control center has the appearance of having been hastily bolted together in no particular order or fashion .
va	NN	Tara tentatively grabbed a small pastry from the plate .
va	NN	" Oh , I have culture , Steve .
va	NNS	The candy store had metal shutters rolled down over its windows and the tiny lights around the signs advertising homemade fudge and caramel apples were off .
va	NN	" You should eat your oatmeal . "
va	NN	I let out a little squeak of horror .
va	NN	Year 71 Titus is awarded a triumph , accompanied by Vespasian and his brother Domitian .
va	NN	We have the whole freeway before us -- four lanes .
va	NNS	I was establishing new countries , and I needed breeding stock .
va	NNS	And Paola 's face had gathered the signs of aging , wrinkles suddenly scattered around her eyes and lips .
va	NN	" You know that low profile you 're still supposed to keep ? "
va	NNS	The two of them locked gazes .
va	NNS	Cain had enough regrets about that incident without this .
va	NN	He could see a scrap of fender and a ragged little flap of road , but that was it .
va	NNS	So with their stomachs rumbling , they ate the remnants of cold porridge from the wooden bowl that remained on the table .
va	NNS	And yet she must stand behind the bastard princes , silent , nearly overcome with emotion .
va	NN	" I smell his stench on you . "
va	NNS	Luna counted the arrows in the quiver and , satisfied that all were present , slung it over her shoulder .
va	NN	" We can take advantage of that for now .
va	NNS	The recoil of the gun shot bolts of pain up his right hand , but he had no time to switch it to his left .
va	NN	The page showed a map of the valley .
va	NN	Amid the mayhem Toby saw a shattered cocktail cabinet .
va	NNS	I like ladies who know how to let the man make the first move . "
va	NN	Jordan liked turkey bacon on his , but she 'd added that to the grocery list because they were out of it .
va	NNS	Evacuate all personnel from the facility .
va	NNS	" Domi gives everyone different levels of talent .
va	NNS	Even as old as she is , she can still run circles around me .
va	NNS	He raised his brows and the corner of his lip quivered .
va	NN	Seeing the blindfold eased any anxiety she had left .
va	NN	I can 't have an inch of fat if I 'm going to wear a bare midriff . "
va	NN	I 'd blown up the inner tube before we left , and Noah and I carried it up from below the deck .
va	NN	Arriving at the appointed time , Amanda saw a convoy of Chinese vehicles come into view through the gun slots in the Stryker .
va	NNS	How many boxes of matches from the Coffee Haus had he found in the Rayburn home ?
va	NNS	He had text messages from his mother , his father , and his brother all saying essentially " Call Celeste . "
va	NNS	I needed a few more drinks before becoming that brave .
va	NN	I put the cigarette up to my mouth and inhale .
va	NNS	I need thirty-nine other pilots to attach these to your rockets .
va	NN	When Leo said good night to Doo Ri , he had every intention to call her for another date .
va	NN	Out of nowhere came the eruption of deafening gunfire .
va	NN	Dean dropped his brush into the bucket of soapy water .
va	NN	She swallowed and looked away , guilt and regret tightening her features .
va	NNS	He heard footsteps , and froze !
va	NN	She could put a solid dent in his reputation as a freewheeling stud if she chose to .
va	NN	Most Luddites didn 't trust the military .
va	NN	He couldn 't keep his balance and was about to fall forward .
va	NNS	" You hear the mice ? "
va	NNS	She fingered her diamond earrings .
va	NN	He had a hard upbringing .
va	NNS	I watched the couples dancing happily in each other 's arms .
va	NNS	I was hearing fireworks , not gunfire .
va	NNS	Your shuttle has disappeared off our devices , but we are hearing your conversation .
va	NN	I was teaching ancient Greece and philosophy to the monks in the monastery and was not involved in any protective activities . "
va	NN	Riva hefted the hammer .
va	NNS	In her day , you could buy smokes from a vending machine .
va	NN	He was voicing a hitherto unspoken yet shared thought .
va	NN	The sight had assisted his aim and he hit the target on his first attempt .
va	NNS	It had taken me six tries , six bodies to cross the ocean .
va	NN	A cop on the sidewalk was taking careful , deadly aim as Jim came closer .
va	NN	" You were having another nightmare .
va	NN	I felt a flush of embarrassment mixed with pleasure as I returned his smile .
va	NNS	He pulled the straps down her arms , exposing her body until the dress fell around her feet .
va	NNS	We all have our duties .
va	NNS	' You already have significant levels of protective antibodies in your blood . '
va	NNS	He removed his sunglasses , giving her the full flash of his jade green eyes .
va	NNS	Toby pushed back the blankets and swung his legs over the side as everything began to spin .
va	NNS	The moist heat of his mouth as he worked the satin over her skin tightened the swirls of pleasure .
va	NNS	They owned 15 rugged lake view acres and they could just see a roof or two down below them .
va	NN	Harvey and I were taking the new helicopter for a test flight , and got there just in time to see an enemy copter chasing them down .
va	NN	I never finish an entire dish , even if I like it .
va	NN	Clary moved down the corridor warily , until soft overheard whispers began to take on shape and familiarity .
va	NN	" Half the town here just saw your humiliation , and the other half is sure going to hear about it before the day is up .
va	NN	Sam needed no other prompting .
va	NNS	Rachel bundled up her blankets .
va	NN	" We can change our appearance , Johnny . "
va	NN	Feeling a bit like a ripe beetroot , he took a sip of coffee to fortify himself ; Riki was right -- it was now or never .
va	NNS	He left the cases inside the elevator and walked a short distance to the concierge .
va	NNS	I love her black curls , and it looks like she knows how to use an eyelash curler .
va	NN	I mean real shopping ? "
va	NNS	I love old mansions . "
va	NN	He dropped the bracelet into her palm .
va	NNS	He held the reigns in his hands and guided Jemima and Elissa into the corral .
va	NN	He permitted a spear to nick his thigh to keep a speeding column from crushing his arm .
va	NN	Liam leaped the channel and moved among the cars .
va	NN	" You know the script .
va	NN	" I may not have a college degree , but I graduated with honors from the school of bullshit detection .
va	NNS	Trystan lowers his lashes and watches my mouth .
va	NNS	The blasts spilled the contents of each drone onto the floor , rendering the extracted blood and nutrients , useless to the aliens .
va	NNS	" Come on , dude , you 've always had these wild ideas about people being out to get you , and they 're always ridiculous . "
va	NN	You should be dead , you spoiled bitch ! "
va	NNS	When I checked the voice mail on the phone in my suite , I discovered about a million messages from my new " friends . "
va	NN	He had the gall to be offended .
va	NNS	But being one of the walking wounded of an ambush from Cupid , Lucas recognized the signs .
va	NN	We 've seen your record . "
va	NNS	The kiss sent shivers down her back , and she had to swallow the bile rising in her throat .
va	NN	Luke set the suitcase down by his feet .
va	NN	Streaks of red and yellow Crayola fire pierced the brown layer .
va	NN	If you wish to speak , you will raise your crest and wait to be recognized .
va	NN	Adolf noticed the doctor 's hesitation .
va	NNS	He wasn 't making any demands .
va	NN	We post a signal , letting them know their presence is requested . "
va	NNS	He kept his intentions to himself .
va	NNS	Sean tipped his sunglasses down and looked at her over the edge .
va	NN	Both of them could hear the hissing and see the smoke coming off where it made contact .
va	NN	He said quieter than he had intended .
va	NN	As Devlin absorbed her response , A.J. felt tremors pound through his body .
va	NNS	* * * * After they shared a toast to Jase 's cheese smoker , they went downstairs and walked up to the avenue .
va	NN	Brant stroked his fur and leaned his head against the trunk , staying near Molly 's grave until well after dark .
va	NNS	" And to Luna , who saved our collective asses . "
va	NNS	He peeled off the bills and tossed them down .
va	NN	Luis had been following Elena 's blog for two years , and he 'd never been disappointed by anything she 'd posted .
va	NNS	" Brutus doesn 't like strangers . "
va	NNS	She recognized the two werewolves who 'd escorted her in ... jeez , had that just been last night ?
va	NN	He handed her the messenger that she usually carried at her hip .
va	NN	Brick quickly regained his composure .
va	NN	Not even Nicole 's frequent attempts at drawing her sister into the crowd could breach the gap between her and the rest of the siblings .
va	NNS	At the end of the consultation she mentioned the periods of unexplained anxiety .
va	NNS	No , he would say , they did their jobs without protest , and so did he .
va	NNS	Now that he was close , he could see the signs of her grief etched under her eyes and around her mouth .
va	NN	But a scream filled the chamber .
va	NN	" Granted , I hadn 't intended my exit to be quite that ... authentic .
va	NNS	Dank 's voice sent tingles down my neck and across my chest .
va	NN	" I should 've brought my wooden stake to school . "
va	NNS	The promise of credits , the thrill of the chase , proving she could tackle and win the hardest jobs .
va	NN	She 's done so much damage to this family over the years . "
va	NN	Okay , she couldn 't keep the cynicism out of that last part , but he deserved it for his rebound relationship .
va	NNS	" Did you find the souls ? "
va	NN	" Don 't judge me , you spoiled , rich brat .
va	NNS	Instead , like Gavin , he offered no clues to his thoughts or feelings .
va	NNS	" Do you need restraints to acquire your dates ?
va	NNS	I rub soft circles on his back .
va	NN	Alejo 's heart took a nose dive .
va	NNS	Maria always loved the gardens there . "
va	NN	I set the helmet down and dodged one of the cooks .
va	NN	We wronged each other terribly .
va	NNS	He locked gazes with Hunter .
va	NN	He advised his Master that the generals were all unredeemed heretics .
va	NNS	Move your troops up the wings , swiftly and quietly , closer toward their camp , but still hidden on each side .
va	NN	Mother gave her daughter a warm greeting .
va	NNS	One wore animal skins and another a gleaming helmet .
va	NNS	She put her mother 's large frame Gucci sunglasses on her face , like she had seen celebrities shopping at Whole Foods do .
va	NNS	Moonlight glints off oiled barrels .
va	NN	Brother George and Peter left the barn .
va	NN	He had a vivid recollection of his bride 's body soft beneath him , her lips opening beneath his like a flower to the sun .
va	NN	Yes , she missed the compound , but only because of all the little ones .
va	NN	Still , a few people are watching TV or reading the paper in the large common area , which is filled with comfy couches and squishy chairs .
va	NNS	Now today she was doing three jobs , broadcasting from three locations .
va	NN	I touch the cloth wallpaper and wait for him to speak .
va	NN	Wren wanted his freedom and she refused to run after him .
va	NN	He doesn 't conceal his curiosity .
va	NNS	Liza did not especially like rats .
va	NN	After all , he still had much value .
va	NN	He turned the radio back on .
va	NNS	It had no limits , left no trail .
va	NNS	" How many holders did you get out of there ? "
va	NNS	My mountain man wears loafers ?
va	NNS	Some were wearing Santa hats to celebrate the season .
va	NN	Rema lifted the necklace over her head and opened the key .
va	NNS	I have had stronger forces than you come after me and no one has been able to touch me for thousands of years .
va	NN	He waved off the copilot and slowly opened the door ensuring Jackson 's lifeless body remained in the truck .
va	NNS	Maybe Mr. Clean paid regular dusting visits to this house and swept it spotless .
va	NNS	" Did you eat any brownies ? "
va	NNS	The scent of Snow 's rose curls up into my nose , down into my throat , squeezing it tight with despair .
va	NN	If asked before calling hours what might well up inside him , Gene might have guessed guilt or grief .
va	NNS	" He has three souls trapped inside his head .
va	NNS	Don 't consider my preferences . "
va	NNS	I 've got customers anyway .
va	NNS	We have fought many battles and have won them in order to get to this point , this place in which we are so happy .
va	NN	She took another sip and closed her eyes to really savor the taste .
va	NNS	They look ready to slice the life out of my alien friends with their ... claws .
va	NN	The priestess here doesn 't have any other damage than that which caused her death .
va	NNS	Instead of sleeves , it had broad straps that looped around her tanned arms just off the crest of her shoulder .
va	NN	" I du n no .
va	NN	She touched the delicate necklace at her neck and I thought of Patience .
va	NNS	Delaney arched her brows .
va	NNS	Get the restraints on them . "
va	NN	Steve walked out and along the corridor to the second classroom .
va	NNS	" We 've had trouble ourselves .
va	NNS	I forged those bills . '
va	NN	They don 't want the manifest to fall into our hands , that 's obvious .
va	NNS	For months now , anger , sadness , and tears have ruled our conversations .
va	NN	I could feel a happy warmth surge across the connection , filling me with an inner light .
va	NN	He could feel his essence drifting from the physical toward the blackness .
va	NNS	Phil Adams gave his instructions to Carol , and within a few minutes the medical team had assembled .
va	NNS	I opened the remaining beans and counted our growing number of mouths .
va	NNS	Soon you will have all the cherries you want .
va	NN	Alligators caught site of the large white object moving up and down the railing .
va	NNS	I took risks , I played reckless , and I always won .
va	NN	Tess kissed her father shyly on his cheek and asked , " Where 's young Will , Father ? "
va	NN	A chorus of cell phones went off , one beep after another .
va	NN	Already I felt nak * d beneath my layers of clothes .
va	NN	A few twists and she 'd rewired the combination panel back to its factory settings .
va	NN	" You don 't make a dime from that .
va	NNS	Everyone else had gotten their drinks and snacks during the real intermission , so it was mostly quiet inside .
va	NNS	The coffee sent hot , dancing mists into the air while I moved back and forth on our large , backyard swing .
va	NN	Don 't make up some bullshit in your head that you quit football for your mom .
va	NNS	She enjoyed the new friendships she was forming and liked being part of a group .
va	NN	" I have no intention of hurting Sabrina . "
va	NNS	But I know those paintings on the walls .
va	NNS	Chapter 6 I was at the diner down the street from my apartment , and the waitress noticed the notes I was making .
va	NNS	Rule number one in the initial greeting process - never reveal any preferences .
va	NN	I get twenty-five percent of the gross attorneys ' fees . "
va	NN	" When did your mom give you the necklace ?
va	NN	She spun to follow me , the pound of her heels punctuating her angry whispers .
va	NNS	" We ran our computers on this for years , running the entire dictionary , random numbers and the kitchen sink trying to crack this passkey .
va	NNS	I finished my first three periods and headed up to my fourth period class .
va	NN	Anyway , no child could ever chase a parent away .
va	NNS	At least they 'll get this Marlow guy 's alibi and if he has one , they can scratch him off the suspect list .
va	NNS	" Your dear uncle John gave you those pennies to buy yourself something special , and I don 't want you to waste them . "
va	NN	" I have a dollar .
va	NN	Tina lifted Kim 's bikini over her shoulder .
va	NNS	He saw images of Vampire Council meetings .
va	NN	I took the lamp from my desk and opened my closet door .
va	NN	A flutter tickled her tummy .
va	NN	" We 'll test the theory and see if it works . "
va	NNS	Breaking the ropes requires RR 17 strength , a weapon , or RR 15 use rope .
va	NNS	Nodding , Helen grabbed the heavy boxes and hustled to disappear into the quiet of her home .
va	NN	Alonso turned the TV on and played the DVD .
va	NNS	We 've got some personnel on their way up there now . "
va	NN	As always , there waited a pitcher of water along with fresh fruit for a late-night snack .
va	NNS	I hear distant sirens .
va	NN	She shook the globe and watched the snow shimmer and fall on the summertime scene .
va	NN	Rogue democracy at work .
va	NN	With her help , he 'd let his needs surge into the joy they were meant to be .
va	NN	Carly accepted the pile and flipped through the pictures .
va	NNS	He knew the risks , knew better than to drive off and leave you behind .
va	NNS	He gave final instructions to one of the techs and then walked forward to join Fallon and the others .
va	NN	Brian Hoffman has accepted your friend request .
va	NN	" I 've got some homework to catch up on later . "
va	NNS	A reinvigorated Pet offered up several bottles of the lighter , more pleasant shandy .
va	NN	I 'll scout the perimeter .
va	NN	He didn 't miss the irony any more than he liked how it felt turned back on him .
va	NN	Now his spirit must appear brighter , more normal .
va	NNS	They play old tunes together .
va	NN	Or , better yet , handed him a spoon and invited him to enjoy the stuff directly from a can .
va	NN	" You mean the Duke 's lake ?
va	NNS	" Then why don 't you take up such cases .
va	NN	And as good as she made him feel about himself , this unfamiliar crowd more than countered that confidence .
va	NNS	Hunter grabbed his few remaining chips .
va	NN	Now she holds the advantage knowing where my feelings lay .
va	NNS	I 've got all these documents that I need to show you . "
va	NN	He loved night skiing , when the slopes were filled with more experienced skiers .
va	NNS	So they beat their axes on the ground and chanted the name , soon to echo over the Outlands like a fearsome battle cry .
va	NNS	We walked along the banks of the river and looked for any signs of a rod or tangled fishing line , but we didn 't find anything .
va	NN	Think up something believable , tonight .
va	NN	" You can have a snack that I will make for you . "
va	NN	" Fine , I 'll take Max hiking and you see my patients . "
va	NNS	Veronica felt the smoothness of ceramic tile under her feet and could smell the salty sea air .
va	NNS	Remember our drills . "
va	NNS	He primarily sells his paintings in his own gallery on the Sunset Strip , nestled between all the famous nightclubs .
va	NN	She wasn 't wearing a bra , no room inside the dress .
va	NNS	" And I will not fill those cities with the vampires who currently own the night .
va	NNS	Salt and mud have distorted the delicate straps , and although I tried there was no way of removing all the dirt , it clung .
va	NN	She didn 't wear a bra to work ?
va	NNS	The editors had carefully placed black " privacy strips " across the pertinent body parts , but there was no denying what was going on .
va	NNS	He flipped two pancakes onto a plate and filled a cup of orange juice .
va	NNS	" Devlin , I saw the bills . "
va	NNS	Ludwig wrote the notes in the book given to him by August .
va	NNS	" And we 'll need your recommendations for a quick , and permanent , fix . "
va	NN	Julian handed him a tube of burn ointment .
va	NNS	From a few blocks away , I hear all these sirens .
va	NNS	Destiny knew Mary Ann so well , she could hear the forced notes of merriment .
va	NNS	I only draw the spirits .
va	NN	For a moment , I see a spark of Lucia in her posture and her bright smile .
va	NNS	For the first time in his long life , he actually had erotic images of his own , not drawn from someone else 's mind .
va	NNS	I 'd left the iron tablets behind that Angus had given me .
va	NNS	She throws away the soaking paper towels and sits on a long black desk .
va	NNS	A large display of books , newspapers and magazines lined the stands along with a variety of cigarettes and sweets .
va	NNS	With less than a minute to go Sergeant B. Miller gave the final instructions and he ordered us to get our bayonet attached to our rifle .
va	NNS	She carried the drinks over to their little table .
va	NN	Never had the prince imagined anguish so diverse and exquisite as he had experienced here .
va	NNS	Brock Ballentine saved all his battles for when he held the high ground .
va	NN	" I 'm feeling a little protective . "
va	NN	The kind that people who worked black ops often had a habit of using .
va	NNS	I checked all the closets , starting with the one in my room and working my way systematically through the house .
va	NNS	" As long as you don 't hinder our preparations . "
va	NNS	Two nights with little sleep hadn 't helped matters .
va	NNS	I get the cuffs from my side and cuff his hands together .
va	NN	Georgie stuck her elbow in his ribs .
va	NN	Ethan lets out a gradual exhale .
va	NN	And you owe her an apology .
va	NNS	Adam eyed the dozens of surveillance screens suspended on every wall of the department area .
va	NNS	He pumped more bullets into the enemy .
va	NN	Darius approached the large cabinet .
va	NNS	Bill checked the contents of the bag that hung over his shoulder .
va	NNS	Most people see plants and trees and rocks and grass as vivid colors and textures , but to me they are mostly grayed out .
va	NNS	She 'd had all her articles already written , and with Tristan and Savannah 's help she had been able to obsess all alone .
va	NNS	Partners in prestigious law firms didn 't wear dunce caps and blow noisemakers .
va	NN	And the thought of anyone else 's hands on Aly made my blood boil .
va	NN	I was served a small scoop of brown rice with tiny squares of cabbage .
va	NN	The Dean took aim again and melted a basket .
va	NN	She knew the theory of what needed to be done .
va	NN	Oban finally did break his hammer trying to bring them to order and was just calling for the guards when a powerful voice cut through the confusion .
va	NN	" Claire call ed .
va	NN	Both sat upright in confused response .
va	NN	She ignored the trembling in her hands as she opened the message .
va	NNS	Hopefully the scent would send the hunters searching in the wrong direction .
va	NNS	Making the whole planet slaves to the whims of a maniacal mage . "
va	NN	I brought up the map of where she 'd been since I 'd last looked and saw she hadn 't left campus .
va	NNS	He made quotes around the word with his fingers .
va	NNS	Dude had , like , twenty bottles in the basement .
va	NNS	Richard still had his reservations about Matt 's level of commitment , but at this point he felt it was too late for him to turn back .
va	NNS	He 'd be given stocks to short sell , build profits , and invest in other companies .
va	NNS	And going to prom with a boy I had seriously fallen for had my nerves stretched thin .
va	NNS	They keep their hosts at their peak condition .
va	NN	Ryder could feel his psychic screams but ... You can 't stop me .
va	NNS	He doesn 't even watch horror movies , not even the really old and boring ones . "
va	NNS	" Gregor , we did not leave our minds in the Overland when we fell .
va	NNS	I filled my nostrils and lungs with the dim salty air .
va	NN	He finally set the spoon down on the table .
va	NNS	Servants and guards had jobs to do and no time for such nonsense .
va	NNS	And I don 't know any different , so don 't get your hopes up . "
va	NNS	" Our ancestors built this place eons ago and it still holds strong . "
va	NNS	No , you don 't have any redeeming qualities , but since when does anyone need to be extraordinary to be loved ?
va	NN	She 'd paid a price for that , too .
va	NN	After all this time , his smile could still make her melt and his kisses could make her burn with longing to surrender her will to his .
va	NN	Fear of making a bad cut with an unfamiliar blade had sufficiently dulled the craving for the euphoria .
va	NNS	She didn 't make demands , she didn 't throw her delicious body at him - but nor was she a shy and retiring virgin , exactly .
va	NNS	Peter Whitney 's voice narrated his observations on the tape .
va	NN	" Perhaps we should have the cheese and coffee served in the bedroom ? "
va	NN	Of course , he had no intention of telling them what trouble he 'd run into .
va	NNS	We caught some cold trails , but nothing fresh . "
va	NNS	He is taking awful risks with his life and rejecting all the principles I hold most dear .
va	NNS	Most likely it was only pent up nerves .
va	NNS	On the outskirts of Istanbul he went upwards , shooting like a balloon far over the roofs .
va	NNS	We have high hopes that you will add significantly to our national security .
va	NN	He pulled out a shotgun .
va	NN	As the soldier collapsed , Eduard felt steel against his throat .
va	NN	" Why should I follow this pious fellow to Jerusalem ? "
va	NNS	But he had enough reservations about what Baker had told him that when he passed the kitchen , he snapped on a light .
va	NNS	Nick 's father had dozens of them in a drawer at home .
va	NNS	Grinning as he checked out the rearview mirror , he switched lanes .
va	NNS	" Did you see the headlines ? "
va	NN	Selena looped the necklace around her neck .
va	NNS	I clench my fists at my side .
va	NN	" Don 't you feel any guilt at all ? "
va	NN	Drew was fighting his own urges as he held Trinity .
va	NN	Maybe someone in the Barbados colony needed a retired policeman to check the quality of the rum supplies .
va	NNS	We 've made huge advances in the past couple years and lived through some challenging circumstances .
va	NNS	Just like her cousins .
va	NN	I passed the busy cooks and walked up the stairs .
va	NN	Cross-country running increases your stamina and mental toughness .
va	NNS	I have my own packets .
va	NNS	Maybe she should read the signs .
va	NN	He 's kept an intentionally low profile , acting as a secret advisor to John 's campaign .
va	NN	He would have an in-depth session with the surgeon as soon as possible .
va	NNS	" Payment on account for the Codex weapons , " he said briskly .
va	NN	The rage and revulsion he 'd transmitted would leave a deeper scar than anything Ed had done .
va	NNS	" I 've got flashlights , night vision goggles , rope , and plastic restraints .
va	NNS	But they had whole worlds inside them . "
va	NNS	His blistered skin throbbed incessantly .
va	NN	They might have the solution he needed for getting rid of whatever compounds were tainting their water .
va	NN	After all , he 'd proven his inability to multi-task countless times .
va	NN	Lexie takes the initiative and pulls me forward with her .
va	NNS	They had written letters back and forth for a while .
va	NN	She grabbed the ointment again and dotted it on a few other areas on my face .
va	NN	Whenever they were together , she felt off balance , drawn to him in a way she hadn 't felt before .
va	NNS	" Since I need your help , it would ruin matters to have your plans impeded . "
va	NNS	Footsteps dashed my hopes .
va	NNS	Tarragon women do not normally carry credits . "
va	NNS	" We gave specific instructions !
va	NN	Together , he and the cold thing waited patiently out on an icy lake .
va	NN	Chapter Thirty-eight The prow of the battleship cuts through the choppy white waves of the Atlantic as we speed off to Europe .
va	NNS	I 've been working Space Station projects since I left college . "
va	NNS	The crystal was trembling visibly .
va	NNS	Could you imagine the parties we could have here ? "
va	NNS	I do not fight slaves .
va	NN	They had tested the argon compound on all parts of the brain and there had been no effect .
va	NN	Abraham heard the shuffling of unsteady steps and then a distant door rattled .
va	NN	I could taste a hint of some kind of drug -- an unpleasant bitterly taste mixed with the sweetness of the blood .
va	NNS	He was booking dinner reservations when his wife started calling your name .
va	NNS	Chapter 14 Gabriel had studied enough battles to know the majority of them ended when the leader was killed .
va	NN	Manufacturing metal towers would take a tremendous amount of electricity .
va	NNS	All around them swayed the twisted branches of monstrous trees .
va	NN	And in the center of the yard , surrounded by a maze of moss covered granite , stood a life size gargoyle .
va	NNS	You drowned your sorrows in over-priced tiny cups of coffee ? "
va	NNS	Since you were , I made a few warning devices that won 't be easy to detect .
va	NNS	The head emergency doctor placed the defibrillator paddles on my chest and said , " Clear ! "
va	NN	My plate sported three pink shrimp with a small pool of cocktail sauce .
va	NN	After that , the member brought the bucket of water and gave it to Hilda , who simply dumped the water on Lea 's face .
va	NNS	They had lived thousands of years in peace on islands in the northern seas .
va	NN	He had my permission to come over here .
va	NN	Andra sat bolt upright and let out a scream .
va	NN	He muttered a curse .
va	NNS	Outside my cell there were muffled footsteps .
va	NNS	and before the string touched him , I threw the chains that were once my right foot , and collided with the strings .
va	NNS	The lodge had two cooks who prepared all the meals for the guests in the lodge .
va	NNS	He could hear the police downstairs , interviewing the housekeeper .
va	NNS	He lifted his brows .
va	NN	Lights from the first and fourth floors bathed a narrow brick patio in a golden glow .
va	NN	But no one else in my family liked bacon very much , which is why I couldn 't figure out who would be cooking it .
va	NN	Sister Abigail , who was on kitchen duty , mumbled something unintelligible under her breath and she threw a pan back on the stove .
va	NNS	Each hit the rocks across the gap and scrambled up onto a small plateau .
va	NN	I slide off the hood , my shoes landing in a puddle .
va	NN	Startled , she popped upright .
va	NN	Kenzie , it seemed , didn 't have any intention of moving , either .
va	NNS	The burden of her duty to her father , now a sick old man , must have finally broken her nerves .
va	NNS	The saints watched over the villages like angels protecting its citizens from evil .
va	NNS	And we 've been seeing all these radially symmetrical animals .
va	NNS	Perry and Liv held their tongues , but after about ten seconds I 'd heard enough .
va	NNS	" I made shirts . "
va	NN	" They sell Boone 's Farm in town . "
va	NN	" I have no intention of signing anything .
va	NN	Chapter Twenty-seven Kelly carried a pitcher of iced tea and two glasses out to the pool , where Jennie sat sunning herself on a rare afternoon off .
va	NNS	Sitting on the couch , I study the marbles again and recall what Sharmila said to me in the field before we parted .
va	NNS	He eyed the bouncers , two large specimens , and walked in .
va	NN	He took another drag from his cigarette and made a face .
va	NN	" Since when did you ever need anyone 's permission ? "
va	NN	I ´ m going to let that one slide .
va	NN	What the heck did that mean ?
va	NN	" But maybe they hit some turbulence . "
va	NNS	It had only three digits per extremity .
va	NN	The monster stood upright , a dreadful smile on his face , as he sneered down at the limp and unmoving Knight .
va	NN	He picked up her voluminous skirts , helping her into the car and trying to hide his impatience .
va	NN	She twirled the stem of her wine glass in her hand and tried to find the right words to explain .
va	NN	" Testing my theory . "
va	NN	She hadn 't watched TV in what seemed like months .
va	NN	' No longer should the Order build great fortresses and conduct lavish rituals .
va	NN	Killing the humans will mean extinction for most of the sea races anyway .
va	NNS	Then suddenly with clear voices they spoke a courteous greeting in their own tongue .
va	NN	In the bathroom she runs the hot water tap in the white porcelain sink and looks up into the mirror .
va	NNS	She felt his sadness , knew he was as miserable as she was , and doing his adolescent best to hold back tears .
va	NNS	I am going nuts .
va	NN	" Demons fear the unknown as humans do .
va	NNS	My head hung limply .
va	NN	" I will take the evil glares from the female populace as confirmation . "
va	NNS	" Demons have notoriously weak souls . "
va	NNS	" Monitoring badge ... for radiation levels . "
va	NN	The air carriages hover .
va	NN	" This should make a good replacement , if you don 't mind a few teeth marks , that is .
va	NN	" But why the headaches and fever ? "
va	NNS	I filled bottles with my homemade concoction instead .
va	NNS	It discovers our hopes and dreams and uses them against us to create the perfect curse .
va	NNS	Have those people lost their minds ?
va	NN	The suspect stuck one pinkie beneath the hoodie to dig at his ear , and stuck the other in his jeans pocket .
va	NN	Could Barrett have so pissed off a student to get himself shot ?
va	NNS	I must admit , I had reservations about coming here .
va	NN	He pitches the comment low , almost dispassionate .
va	NNS	Bree had sent me numerous text messages checking on me all day and reminding me about dinner .
va	NN	Then he joins the queue .
va	NN	He felt like him old self for a second as those words flew out of his mouth with no thought .
va	NN	Her humiliation , her exhaustion , her stress all reached a peak .
va	NNS	The foundation covered a hundred metres in diameter and dropped 40 metres below ground level .
va	NN	Elaina suppressed a giggle of amusement .
va	NNS	If the dirty old bugger touches my legs one more time , I 'll kick his nuts where the sun don 't shine .
va	NN	Will pulled up his sleeve .
va	NNS	Completely uninhibited , she continued her ministrations , making it impossible to hold out much longer .
va	NN	" He 's just protecting the Company 's investment . "
va	NN	He also mentioned my birthday and how things might change for me .
va	NNS	The stench of smoke invaded his nostrils .
va	NN	I lost my balance and came crashing down to the mat , clutching my ankle and screaming in pain .
va	NNS	She eyed my bruises -- the split lip and swollen eye that she had , as yet , not mentioned .
va	NNS	Was that a spark of alarm in the endlessly dark eyes that had remained impassive watching a thousand disasters , calamities , cruelties ?
va	NN	She slipped past Luc .
va	NNS	He did not have high hopes that the public would respond to Renton 's plea through the media .
va	NNS	Eleanor twisted it on her finger now , the diamonds and sapphires catching the light , the same ring he 'd given her the first time .
va	NN	I examined the shipping container .
va	NN	I will not be made the prisoner of my enemies . "
va	NN	Time to see who was stronger ... the beast or , well , me .
va	NNS	" Bounty hunters are considered pirates like anyone else -- fair game to hunt and capture .
va	NN	They used the entire courtroom .
va	NNS	Luckily they only saw two threads .
va	NNS	" I read several articles recently about charges of environmental racism in different parts of the country .
va	NN	I can feel his heart racing through the fabric of his shirt , a wild rhythm that matches my own .
va	NN	She liked the gym , worked as an attorney in property law , and was divorced .
va	NN	Colon removed his helmet and wiped his brow .
va	NN	It gave birth to a lot of little pauses , each one more deeply embarrassing than its parent .
va	NN	" She is attending dance rehearsal .
va	NN	It fell off the hood of the car , splintering into a million tiny fragments as it bounced along the roadway .
va	NN	Irritated , she mentally pushed the issue away and began on her next shift of work a whole ten seconds early .
va	NN	Clancy took a sip letting it slide slowly down his throat then casually rolled the cup between his hands .
va	NNS	" A witch lives downstairs from you ? "
va	NN	Brad lifted the pitcher and refilled my mug .
va	NNS	I could hear the ladies in the room gasp and whimper .
va	NN	The horses ' hoofs made a musical chime , accompanying their young voices .
va	NNS	Everyone recounted the previous sentences .
va	NN	" I took the bus . "
va	NNS	They loved their husbands and couldn 't imagine anyone not agreeing with them .
va	NNS	" And the possibility of the other spirit could be making its own preparations as welt , couldn 't it ? "
va	NN	He gave her a fist bump and went to his room to play .
va	NNS	Ainsley felt a lightness in her limbs , a floating sensation that was warm and freeing .
va	NN	When I noticed , I changed my pattern and began walking circles around my desk .
va	NN	He called his minister , who in turn made more calls , and a young divinity student was located .
va	NNS	I clench the armrests as the plane lurches into motion .
va	NN	He gripped her elbow as if he were afraid of losing her in the crush of bodies .
va	NN	He handed her a bike helmet .
va	NNS	Everyone saw the tattoos and muscles , but Hunter had shown me something deeper today .
va	NNS	" You can see the gardens from up here .
va	NN	They got the hint ; they didn 't need to hear anymore .
va	NN	Peering inside , Nate saw a long , narrow corridor .
va	NN	They had entered a large entryway .
va	NNS	One of them had his fists balled and held up as though he intended to box her .
va	NN	He laid the map of Aria he had been examining on the table and motioned for his companions to come closer and take a look .
va	NN	I couldn 't read the writing , but I knew it was a children 's drink .
va	NNS	Twelve thousand years ago , when the Empire was on the way to being established , the Galaxy contained only about ten million inhabited worlds .
va	NNS	said Vimes , looking at his healthy sandwich lunch .
va	NNS	The headlights threw garish yellow streams across the sign on the front of the building .
va	NN	He muttered a harsh curse .
va	NN	Suddenly , she sat upright .
va	NN	Well I - " " Plus the writing .
va	NNS	A few candles lit the cells , and Gabriel saw a slender , ragged man with a brown beard stand putting his wan hands on the bars .
va	NN	You conspire against me , yet my destruction you desire not , but rather theirs .
va	NNS	She gave no indications of having heard , but shot back , " Mirai .
va	NN	He 'd discarded his tie and his shirt was undone .
va	NN	Chapter Six Alanna found her brother hunting , which wasn 't unusual .
va	NN	He urgently needed the mage to focus on their predicament .
va	NNS	He grabbed my wrists , holding me in place .
va	NNS	She made her way downstairs .
va	NN	Close down the invasion .
va	NNS	His father was talking pure craziness .
va	NN	She 'd made an arrangement a year ago with a young man just back from overseas who 'd exited the Army .
va	NN	Tim had already shoved a football helmet over his head and was passing around an army bag .
va	NNS	This mass lounging session would generate vast quantities of apathy to help me conquer the universe .
va	NN	" Go fetch your pastry , and I 'll purchase my hat .
va	NNS	I can hear footsteps , racing towards the cell .
va	NN	Then I heard a shriek .
va	NNS	Our Connecticut town has two elementary schools that feed into the same high school .
va	NN	I see the hierarchy coming together now . "
va	NN	If necessary , we 'll share the Book and maybe no one will notice .
va	NNS	He was making movies seventy years ago . "
va	NNS	My imagination couldn 't get past silver bullets or steaks through the heart .
va	NNS	Jason removed two gold pellets from his new money bag .
va	NNS	Then I remembered the receptionist downstairs who must have called up to announce my visit .
va	NNS	He 's got tons of contacts all over the place and will probably go places we can 't .
va	NN	" I noticed the dots in his notebook in the lab a week ago .
va	NNS	He clenched his fists and gritted his teeth in an attempt to stay calm .
va	NNS	The ministry keeps the portage signs in place , and clears and marks a dozen or so campsites .
va	NN	I saw that standoff in the hallway .
va	NNS	We use raw materials to create three-dimensional sculptures .
va	NNS	My wife , it seemed , had different intentions because she kept on talking , not doing .
va	NNS	She quickly scribbled a few more sentences in her diary .
va	NNS	" When she arrived , he sent her notes and threatening messages to force her to impersonate her sister so he could cover up his crime .
va	NN	Maybe he fabricated a tall tale so they would run around in circles trying to verify it .
va	NN	Boone ignored the comment and decided to broker a temporary arrangement .
va	NNS	" And lastly , women appreciate grand gestures . "
va	NN	He spread the hammock out with his hands , placed his knee carefully on the material , and moved his weight slowly over .
va	NN	" Why don 't you tell the court what a ' cluster ' is . "
va	NN	Beth took advantage of a lull during the IT instruction class to browse the web .
va	NN	Amelia saw a golden thread of Light rising from the center of her chest and she heard a voice in her mind saying softly .
va	NN	" Pull your skirt up .
va	NN	Calla retrieved the novel she 'd been reading and started upstairs .
va	NN	I feel a surge of relief .
va	NN	He wore a helmet with a metal spike on the top , a big brass eagle on the front .
va	NN	She sips the lemonade , her bones clacking .
va	NN	Anyone driving by would see a beat-up beige van with " Nance Plumbing " emblazoned on the side in royal blue block letters a foot tall .
va	NNS	She wore stilettos that put her just shy of his height .
va	NNS	Looking back toward Aunt Marilyn , she noticed the dark circles under her eyes .
va	NN	But who had the authority to make a military flight take off , then erase the records as if it had never happened ?
va	NNS	" ... must have gone nuts , the old woman . "
va	NN	He even checked his attire , looking for anything out of place that might attract undue attention .
va	NNS	The sun disappeared over the mountain tops and washed the lobby floor with a tender pink .
va	NN	Breaking that rule makes you , if found guilty , liable for punishment .
va	NNS	We headed downstairs in our pajamas , holding hands .
va	NN	She ran her spoon around the inside edge of the bowl , scooping up the softer ice cream on the sides .
va	NN	On the wall opposite the bed hung a flat screen TV which was operated from the bed via a remote control .
va	NN	He pulled the purple stole of Christ 's authority from a small valise , along with holy oil and water and a stethoscope .
va	NNS	Edward fought his own demons .
va	NN	Nick has coupled the campaign for the Right To Work Constitutional Amendment together with his hopes of succeeding President Sheppard in the next national election .
va	NN	She shot upright , nearly bashing Cain 's chin with her forehead .
va	NNS	" But , I would appreciate your ideas since I am not creative at all . "
va	NN	He left a yellow stream of energy in his wake , which flowed through the air like a snake into the next room .
va	NNS	To stroke the short tufts of black hair sprouting from that tender scalp .
va	NNS	My dear lady , you must begin your studies entirely anew . '
va	NN	Yet , he couldn 't summon the motivation .
va	NN	He can 't hide the nervousness on his face , though .
va	NN	" I played the gentleman .
va	NNS	My hands formed fists , and I wanted to smash them in the monitor , since his face wasn 't in front of me .
va	NN	Her voice echoed up and down the corridor .
va	NNS	The real people and the imagined demons .
va	NN	The old man 's face flushed an unsettling shade of white .
va	NN	She knew the price he paid .
va	NNS	These flights can change schedules as we need to , so each flight 's cargo can be brought forward at any time .
va	NN	He knew the reaction period down to a fraction of a second , the correct reaction period ; there should have been none .
va	NNS	With a glare up at him , she tossed the axes and sprinted for her vehicle .
va	NNS	Honestly , Reg , where have you heard these rumours ? "
va	NN	" Have more confidence in the men of Saint Peter !
va	NN	She saw a blue reflection in its eyes as it started to scream and tilt back .
va	NNS	" Hey Guys ! "
va	NNS	" Yeah they bother Cassie a lot too , give her headaches .
va	NN	Even in his shame , he could not disobey his prince , but neither could he obey in good conscience .
va	NN	He then offered a temporary solution .
va	NN	One of them must live someplace where the population is comprised of nothing but women , children , and very old men .
va	NNS	Last year 's winner for carrying the most baskets challenged all the new carriers for this year .
va	NN	If I get a new judge , too , on top of everything ? "
va	NNS	Lifting it high , she smashed both computers and electronics boards .
va	NNS	I limped across the stone flags of the front portico , too cold to even think about standing back to admire the facade of the house .
va	NN	" Alice sent a messenger saying I needed to come home right away .
va	NNS	He dropped the messages back on the silver tray his butler had placed on his desk .
va	NN	Grandpa had granted permission .
va	NN	She had a slew of questions but tried to focus in on just a few .
va	NN	From all Myra had told her , Fin would move heaven and earth to see Myra safe .
va	NNS	Dagmar knew all the signs .
va	NNS	Fathers didn 't want their daughters getting involved with these men .
va	NN	I took his cord and plugged in both ends to complete the transfer .
va	NN	He then grabbed the loose bridle and led the horse towards the main door .
va	NN	He wore a robe over a stained white tank top and belted slacks .
va	NN	Cassie copied the page with the symbol on it from her father 's book onto a fresh sheet of paper .
va	NN	Hyde took off his hat and began to stammer , but father would have none of it .
va	NNS	" Why do you change jobs so often ?
va	NN	I took a sip , then a longer drink .
va	NNS	" Don 't get too many hunters here .
va	NNS	In his River Sunday Romance Mysteries series , Tom honors the battles for love of land that have recurred over and over in the Chesapeake Bay .
va	NN	Through it Clary could see the hazy outlines of the Hall of Accords .
va	NN	The unit then activated its internal radio , " Centurion , machine gun emplacement secured .
va	NN	She briefly lost her balance and leaned against the table .
va	NN	Light flared as a scanner read his palm print .
va	NN	Verena and Catherine played the harp .
va	NN	She had a big , designer , leather handbag over her shoulder and from it she pulled a framed photo .
va	NN	He rol ed to the ground , and didn 't get up again .
va	NNS	I 've gathered my notes from various news magazines , papers , biographies , journals and a misplaced diary .
va	NN	He heard a click and felt like tossing the small phone through the window of the moving car .
va	NN	It also boosted Ted and Miriam 's confidence tremendously .
va	NN	" Maddy found an invitation in your desk to a weekend fundraising event off Seal Beach , California .
va	NNS	In the past two years , I had fired four employees .
va	NN	He has a high fever ; the wounds infected .
va	NN	So we 're usually up late doing homework .
va	NN	She wore a turquoise blazer and black pleated pants with a large gold belt and rings on every finger .
va	NN	Ramsey put the radio back on his belt and scratched his forehead .
va	NNS	Jimmy nodded and counted the various pistols lying around him .
va	NNS	A sudden shot and a huge commotion on the screen cut off Paolo 's sentences of praise .
va	NN	Along the sides ran an intricate web of cogs and shafts and springs , all busy about their business , all working together in synchronisation .
va	NN	She read the sentence again .
va	NN	Death pulled up his robe and reached into the pocket of his Bill Door overall , which he was still wearing underneath .
va	NN	" Has he turned off the freeway yet ? "
va	NN	Do not fear the birth ; we have no intention of allowing you to slip away from us . "
va	NN	Mitchell raised the cane and leveled it at him as if it were a rapier .
va	NNS	" What more motivation do you need than to see our arrow and that the tunnel is up and running ? "
va	NNS	Perhaps he 's never seen Hogan 's Heroes .
va	NN	And then the sad story of " Freebird " who declared it was time to move on had the near drunken Debbie teary-eyed and overly emotional .
va	NN	I pulled out the long rectangle slowly , savoring every moment .
va	NNS	" Lights , before we can begin I have some announcements .
va	NN	After it turned out Eric was working for Whitney , I just don 't trust any outsider now . "
va	NNS	Taking a deep breath to try and calm myself down , I tossed the splinters of the guitar against the wall .
va	NN	" And you use a flashlight as a club ? "
va	NNS	Everybody is cutting development cycles .
va	NN	I could always cover the entire gap between third and shortstop , diving when I needed to , taking a ball straight to the gut when required .
va	NNS	She shakes her curls .
va	NN	Casually he lifted up his cane and tapped a large crate on the floor .
va	NN	He approached the spider on rubbery legs .
va	NN	" I don 't need an invitation .
va	NNS	" I will be waiting downstairs .
va	NN	They rounded a bend in the road and began climbing ever more steeply .
va	NNS	At least this stopped the excruciating scrapes along the pavement that was intensified by stinging diesel fuel to road rash .
va	NN	He was wearing a makeshift bandage he 'd put on himself .
va	NN	We 'll provide a special limousine for the trip .
va	NNS	" I have two reservations for that weekend , but that still leaves three bedrooms , so there 's no problem .
va	NN	I brushed away the layer of dirt and sediment , my voice gathering to call out to Jason that I 'd found the elusive weapon .
va	NN	Timmy jiggled the latch .
va	NNS	You can 't check these jewels out . "
va	NN	What if they had a trace on Jack 's cell or something ?
va	NN	We can 't have our Circle suffering for it .
va	NN	Certainly big enough to call a mountain if you were a small girl from the streets of Buena Park .
va	NN	I 'd never forget the pride that had filled her voice .
va	NNS	Closing her eyes to block out her impending fate , Rachel felt the terrifying childhood images rushing into her mind .
va	NNS	After returning his , she made our drinks .
va	NN	Amelia smiled an apology before turning back to him .
va	NN	" Don 't mock my queen , you northern bastard .
va	NN	" I don 't have a girlfriend .
va	NN	But he could hear faint but unidentifiable series of sounds that could only be described as ping , ding and ching .
va	NN	At best , he has a major concussion .
va	NN	Eva pressed her advantage .
va	NNS	Mari was stroking the horse 's wing feathers admiringly as she and Dorian spoke quietly .
va	NN	The Minotaur picked up the flashlight , sniffed it , and then sniffed the air , moving toward Kendra .
va	NNS	They have other reporters in the country , but they all seem , stunned .
va	NNS	Brother George could not find any weaknesses in their game .
va	NN	She saw Tau 's Cup slide past them and the black bear sent the white bear to catch it and gave the white bear his fleas .
va	NN	Sweeping through , she barely noted the Egyptian writing , lines of symbols hinting at dark mysteries going back before Christ .
va	NN	You 'll find the robin 's nest in the fork of a tree .
va	NNS	" Can 't you hear the sirens ?
va	NN	Running her finger along it , Rema felt a small bump and pressed it .
va	NN	He pulled the tab and ripped the lid off of the can .
va	NN	What she did remember , though , was flashing headlights coming head-on just before the crash .
va	NNS	He had two boxes left and thought about what else could be done .
va	NN	She patted her midsection and sighed .
va	NN	She jerked upright , her hair whipping across her chin and neck .
va	NN	He holds court , as she put it , between eleven and one .
va	NN	Will you cross the tether with us ?
va	NN	I put your suitcase there for right now .
va	NNS	You have no creative ideas of your own and wish nothing more than a pat on the head for a job well done . "
va	NN	Dorian took advantage of his quick reflexes , using his sword to merely injure the humans and keep them from continuing their attack .
va	NNS	Sometime in the future , be it near or distant , you will require these bracelets , and here they will wait for you .
va	NNS	Then they heard footsteps coming from within the trees .
va	NN	Rachel slipped off the protective charm necklace .
va	NN	A single one of the mail shirts would fetch a price large enough to keep a family in these parts fed for years .
va	NN	Install the gadget in all The Colony 's vehicles so business could get back to normal .
va	NNS	She has different perceptions , and she thinks differently , far beyond their expectations .
va	NN	The fact that he 'd looked outside the company only underlined his guilt .
va	NN	Marcus regarded his brother-in-law carefully , noting the dark shadows under his eyes .
va	NN	I picked up my Coke and smeared the ring of wetness across the varnished wood .
va	NNS	Then they would lose their goals .
va	NNS	With that she studied her newly manicured nails and blew on the wet polish .
va	NNS	She slid down the threads of light emanating from the planet 's surface .
va	NNS	With sixteen hungry sales managers to lead , and sales down , he had a few asses to chew and some hefty sales quotas to impose .
va	NN	The floor had lighting in it , but that was it .
va	NNS	He makes good grades , doesn 't get into any serious trouble .
va	NNS	We can set up some virtual machines on the servers and do some limited web hosting .
va	NN	It surprised the master and pupil when it snapped the whip at them , causing them to react by leaping backwards .
va	NNS	The sight of his face seizing , the feel of him succumbing to the ecstasy she gave him , the hard jets of his climax inside her .
va	NNS	These people sometimes had cuts of meat perfect for the taking .
va	NN	His little girl had just survived a violent ordeal from creatures like unto to which his people had never seen .
va	NN	We bring the witness ! "
va	NN	One of the prettiest girls in school practically gives him an open invitation and he acts like it 's an inconvenience ?
va	NNS	A nasty suspicion gripped Vimes , and he hurried over to the other coach , where Carrot was strapping on the last bag .
va	NN	" Oh , for heavens sake , Ms. Tench , if I 'm wrong I 'll eat my hat . "
va	NN	Ryan took a sip of his tea ; it was already cold .
va	NNS	Arrows on posts direct newcomers to the " Outlook " where they can have a stunning view of the circumference wall and its Gate .
va	NN	Jase noticed a trace of jealousy in Luis 's voice .
va	NNS	I mailed several letters to the both of you , but he returned all of them unopened .
va	NNS	The crowd grew boisterous again .
va	NNS	A peek inside one of them showed neatly made twin beds and a Spiderman toy box overflowing with cars , trucks , and dinosaurs .
va	NNS	Some people even had stamps projected across their skin like tattoos .
va	NNS	He had racked up many thousands of dollars in bills for his second round of chemotherapy in spite of having medical insurance .
va	NNS	The Elemental 's sail caught a few jabs of wind .
va	NNS	It appeared the genes they shared with their Good twins stretched beyond simple tactics .
va	NNS	Whatever the reason , the Fate had sent four deadly predators to finish Echo because of it .
va	NN	And when he was sure he held her gaze , he had the nerve to wink .
va	NN	He indicates the duplex with a nod .
va	NN	Harden used the mobile incident unit as his office when he was on site .
va	NN	I pulled my woollen hat further down to cast a shadow over my eyes , and pushed up my collar to cover the rest of my face .
va	NN	A list of names graced this particular page and he noted their military titles .
va	NNS	And as day passed into night , I saw distant constellations that have yet to be named .
va	NN	' We 'll take a little detour , why not ? '
va	NN	He kicked a pine cone by his foot .
va	NN	I lost my temper .
va	NNS	I can feel the toxic veins running through her delicate skin , as if they are ready to explode at any given moment .
va	NN	Do not fear my sweetest of hearts .
va	NN	" You mean the doorman ? "
va	NNS	I can 't miss any notes . "
va	NN	No one ever gives me their kindness without hoping for something in exchange .
va	NNS	As he did so , an unexpectedly overwhelming aroma filled his nostrils .
va	NNS	But she didn 't like big cities ; they made her feel claustrophobic .
va	NNS	He 's left notes on napkins , coffee cups , straw wrappers and he even tried to win me over with delivering chocolate covered strawberries one afternoon .
va	NN	God he looks good nak * d. . .
va	NN	He got a twinkle in his eyes .
va	NNS	We dropped those programs years ago .
va	NN	If you were there , you could see the intention of display that had gone into arranging the body .
va	NN	Gottfried stood upright with his arms folded behind his back .
va	NN	He slid the thin strap of my tank off my shoulder and ran his lips over my skin .
va	NN	I knocked back Gabriel 's champagne .
va	NN	" We have the same maid . "
va	NN	It didn 't make any sense , I had left my drink half untouched .
va	NNS	The aroma of fresh blood opened up her nostrils and filled her mind with lusty fury .
va	NNS	Instead , I heard the springs of the bed being forced down and then the strangled cry of my father as a hand enclosed his neck .
va	NN	Each of the caskets contained a new victim mesmerized by his spells .
va	NN	The light grew brighter and brighter until its existence could no longer be disputed .
va	NN	She took a sip of her juice and from there nothing but the language of love flowed as we talked more and more .
va	NN	Randall tightened his tie .
va	NNS	" Just mythological flying boats . "
va	NNS	I can 't make any promises but I 've seen many patients have success with this program .
va	NN	" She 's out spraying a wasp nest .
va	NNS	I gripped his forearms .
va	NN	He picked up the suitcase by the door and said , " Behave yourself , baby girl . "
va	NN	If the humans find our location they could drop a nuclear bomb on us tomorrow .
va	NN	Dazed , Rose carried the fruit inside .
va	NN	We heard a rustling in the leaves far away , but then we heard giggling .
va	NNS	I 'd already relived the false wedding accusations .
va	NN	Heck , she even needed the harassment she 'd receive from her brothers about her never visiting anymore .
va	NNS	I scrunched my brows in confusion and frustration and dropped my foot back to the gas .
va	NN	Ned applauded her inwardly for that choice .
va	NNS	" You bring any beverages ? "
va	NN	I cut off my rant and tensed as I waited for her response .
va	NNS	She pointed out to me the shifting colours of the landscape and the appearances of the sky .
va	NN	" Only to that part , you must have dropped that barrier of yours for a second . "
va	NN	He had a tendency to let his emotions cloud his judgment .
va	NN	It actually had a gradual incline that might have allowed them to scale the side , but not with an injured shoulder and not while wet .
va	NN	I could feel the alcohol burning up my chest and later my throat .
va	NNS	' Okay , fine , you 've had hundreds of relationships .
va	NNS	They used the branches they had cut some days before to build a stretcher , strong but light and pillow soft .
va	NNS	Nick assigned the letters to Julian and Hagan instead , along with the contemporary diary that had been recovered at the scene .
va	NNS	The old woman heard his footsteps and her eyes widened when she saw him .
va	NNS	I glimpsed a thousand protests in my mother 's eyes , but she voiced none of them .
va	NN	" You can broker an alliance for the queen ? "
va	NNS	He killed many werewolves and vampire alike .
va	NN	Nadia placed the robe against her face .
va	NN	I got my homework done and chilled out to tower defense games .
va	NN	He swung the hammer down .
va	NN	Ace , the white wolf , still had a smear of bright red blood around his muzzle .
va	NN	Maybe if he knew ... maybe he wouldn 't take the assignment .
va	NNS	But it was damp , dark and crowded -- perfect for spiders or , worse , rats .
va	NNS	Her comment gives me chills .
va	NN	I ... I went poof . "
va	NN	Will you be joining our crew ? "
va	NNS	The black lace corset enhanced my curves .
va	NNS	I raise my trembling hand just high enough to make the motion noticeable without taking my eyes off my traitorous teacher .
va	NN	" No harm will come to you , I promise , " he said more serenely , with an almost beatific smile .
va	NN	The room of Immortals paused all activity to hear what this shy , timid girl had to say .
va	NNS	The team put their masks on .
va	NNS	" When I was human , men did not write or recite love poems .
va	NN	From the looks of the hole in his chest , Rick had taken aim from behind .
va	NN	But he can pronounce only a few syllables , because the rest of the sentence sticks in his throat .
va	NNS	But as he turned the key in the ignition and backed up , Clay was adding up clues that maybe should or maybe shouldn 't be added .
va	NNS	" We just heard gunshots over the transmitter .
va	NNS	" How many hats do you wear ? "
va	NNS	I was undercover for one , and two , I told almost all truths .
va	NN	They gave him confidence and purpose .
va	NN	" I offer your people cheap labor and terrible ferocity . "
va	NN	He whipped her around , pulled the zipper down from her waist , pushed the skirt over her hips .
va	NNS	I want your best tunnel rats , as many as you can muster . "
va	NNS	Thinking about him brought excited chills to her body .
va	NNS	I got a few scrapes and cuts , but no wounds .
va	NN	He took aim with his one good eye and fired .
va	NN	" Your - " " My freedom .
va	NN	We must always hide our kills . "
va	NNS	" Tina , I don 't do text messages , because I 'm an adult .
va	NN	The senior stagecoach driver felt a new emotion creep up his spine .
va	NN	What angle are you playing ? "
va	NNS	She supported Dangerous Beans because there was ... well , something about him .
va	NNS	" No , Tasha , I have no intentions of turning your brother in . " "
va	NN	' Tomorrow Alistair will first give you a tour of the lab , and introduce you to some of our colleagues .
va	NNS	Don 't do any more urine dumps .
va	NNS	In truth , he 'd even avoided the suburbs .
va	NNS	Feels like ages since I felt this good .
va	NN	" Last year we kept a bucket of water , but I don 't see it . "
va	NN	The camera didn 't have good resolution and the screen was the size of my palm , but it was still clear that the figure was Ricky .
va	NN	On one of the towers I saw both the banner of Wales and a green and red flag ; the banner of the Walters family .
va	NN	After about fifteen minutes of looking at all the scenery and feeling the wind blow us around , I could feel the tether reeling us back in .
va	NN	On the occasions I managed to hold the focus steady , I could see a holographic display .
va	NNS	" Don 't get his hopes up , Marcy . "
va	NN	His lips mouthed the word ' beacon ' over and over ; his eyes searched the sparse heath for answers .
va	NN	She pushed the tray in and felt it lock in place .
va	NNS	After giving her a long warning look , he unlocked her chains and clamped them onto her ankles .
va	NNS	Albert opened the bottles and poured each of them on his hands over the sink .
va	NNS	He indicated two carved stone benches under the largest of the trees and sat .
va	NNS	" Lexi wrote the letters ? "
va	NNS	and then he rewarded those merchants who had supported his ascension with titles and holdings .
va	NN	He gave me and Walker a once-over , then asked Walker , " Are you a country singer or something ? "
va	NNS	No doubt the two fishermen .
va	NN	We 've terminated every jerk we 've met that plays your game of gnostic hard-to-get .
va	NNS	Well , at least he had his limits .
va	NN	She hit the leather strap that held his canteen which fell to the ground .
va	NN	In the ninth alien time line , I did not see her tiara , either .
va	NN	Stick a stamp on his butt and hope someone mails him to China ? "
va	NN	I do not delay and launch my spear at it .
va	NNS	Women still wore their furs into the church , but many men left their overcoats in their cars , as did I .
va	NNS	" Our security team finished their sweeps . "
va	NNS	" He printed the membership brochures .
va	NN	Once all ingredients are boiling , we will remove the pot from the burner , cover it , and let it steep for a while .
va	NNS	Now you will pick-up stitches around the square to begin the knitting in the round .
va	NNS	I don 't make deals with your kind . "
va	NNS	" We have excellent cooks here . "
va	NN	We are simply revising and taking ownership of our knowledge .
va	NN	The boy watched her suspiciously .
va	NNS	Sebastian clenched his fists .
va	NN	" You didn 't kill the Inquisitor ? "
va	NNS	Jayden is saying something and everyone laughs .
va	NNS	" Forces of good will overpower the forces of evil .
va	NN	Why would you spend every penny you had on this ? "
va	NN	" Father entrusted this campaign to you .
va	NNS	Jordan already had reservations at a hotel in Victoria , British Columbia , for their honeymoon .
va	NNS	I 'll pick up a couple bottles , and maybe some after-dinner liqueurs .
va	NN	You see , she and my dad got a divorce .
va	NNS	The mech wolf 's fangs had gripped the straps of the backpack just below Winston 's neck .
va	NNS	They sat around the kitchen table fresh mugs of tea in their hands .
va	NN	Her face had lost its softness and the pale cast of her skin was broken only by the dark circles under her eyes .
va	NN	I , myself , was anticipating the shopping expedition . "
va	NNS	I had no regrets .
va	NN	He brought her a burro laden with bacon , beans , tea and a bolt of the most beautiful sky blue wool .
va	NN	" You - dick ! "
va	NN	He has a concussion , but he should be able to check out of here very soon . "
va	NNS	Vaguely , he heard other screams below the screech of the woman pulsating through his head .
va	NN	He turned that boyish charm on her , full power , as he dragged her toward the crowded gift shop .
va	NN	My grandmother made goats ' cheese as well . ' '
va	NNS	" But you 're ... how ... why ... " I can 't form sentences .
va	NN	She touched her clit , stroking the nub .
va	NN	Believe me , if I could kill her , I would have done it a long time ago " Serenity couldn 't hold back her curiosity .
va	NNS	Apparently , Sasha had other ideas .
va	NNS	" Ink has tattoos everywhere , but he broke out of prison with a guy I 've never seen before .
va	NNS	I felt chills realizing that he was utterly and completely mine .
va	NNS	This is like tossing a few scraps to a starving predator .
va	NNS	The shadows had black and red tendrils waving around lazily as they drew closer .
va	NN	If you try it twice , he 'll make a complaint to your mistress . '
va	NNS	His touch sent shivers through her body and the butterflies in her stomach were fluttering .
va	NN	" But I need a woman 's perspective .
va	NN	His belt lamp , covered in dirt and muck , cast a warped amber glow flecked with oversized shadowed bits that stuck to the lens .
va	NN	It had a circumference of a few hundred yards , but there was no known limit to its radius .
va	NN	" So my dear pirate queen , what is our prey now ? "
va	NNS	I don 't tread anywhere near storm drains for fear of the children snatching clowns that live in them .
va	NNS	The old Fila loved animals .
va	NN	Sex had never held an emotional component before , and Max wasn 't comfortable with how Tara made him feel .
va	NNS	Accept those facts and move forward .
va	NN	That god obviously wants the God Killer for his own reasons .
va	NNS	Mom had met her dozens of times over the past three years .
va	NN	I want freedom for people like us .
va	NN	Grand pointed a flashlight to a small obsidian stone .
va	NN	, And not so much of the stupid , ' said the raven .
va	NNS	Drivers hit their horns in anticipation of potential fractional delays .
va	NN	Once they had made the final decision to acquire a company , he would then give himself permission to get closer and get to know the personnel .
va	NN	The studio had started a junior writer division and I told Julian Johnson I would like to be in it .
va	NNS	I delivered a few small packages to certain groups , collected the money , and brought it back to Lou .
va	NN	I ´ m trying to get a good look as he makes his way onto the stage .
va	NNS	She transferred schools , changed her number and everything . "
va	NN	The second time he must have noticed my exasperation , because he kicked out the seat next to him and told me to take a listen .
va	NNS	She removed the contents and placed each item on the coffee table according to either size or shape .
va	NN	He took his bloody thermal and began to wind it around my foot , tightly , creating a DIY tourniquet .
va	NNS	" Although others may have differing opinions , of course .
va	NNS	This sweet kiss had polished the edges of his rough nature .
va	NNS	They helped quite a few lost pilots out of a jam and made good business out of recycling the planes they left behind .
va	NNS	It 's amazing how the right music can enhance a good book , it heightens the intensity levels at those crucial moments .
va	NNS	About five minutes after I started my homework , I could hear footsteps coming .
va	NNS	Then I saw the same two angels descend on either side of my pew , just watching me and waiting for me to nod off .
va	NN	" The Papal States need a little insight at times , buddy .
va	NNS	We 've found some former financial investigators to help you .
va	NNS	The commander taps his claws against his carapace , thoughtful .
va	NNS	The last statement brought the other conversations in the box to a halt .
va	NNS	It shatters the chains around my wrists and finally I 'm free .
va	NNS	Does anyone have any ideas to get us going ? "
va	NNS	He pulled his lapels up around his neck .
va	NNS	" After my parents died , reality killed any hopes of that .
va	NN	" I say screw being private and just do it right here . "
va	NN	Holy shit , she wasn 't wearing a bra .
va	NNS	said officer Winslow to Nomi .
va	NN	You mentioned a birthday .
va	NN	We eat and sleep and shuffle through the fog , walking a marathon with no finish line , no medals , no cheering .
va	NNS	The girls are selecting partners for the dance . "
va	NN	" I appreciate your kindness . "
va	NN	Petrus , ' I picked the spear .
va	NNS	" We talk , he takes notes .
va	NN	Other wildlife should have taken up residence in this shelter .
va	NN	That Saturday the three of us hosted a farewell banquet for all the participants in the program at a large restaurant inside the Summer Palace grounds .
va	NNS	He skimmed the contents .
va	NNS	Evil wears many hats . "
va	NN	He held the blade threateningly .
va	NN	" I only have forty to my name until I get paid . "
va	NN	Mouthwatering goodness , but tonight , Deni had no appetite .
va	NN	" Yes dear , " Mrs Pratt was saying , " but just finish your soup .
va	NN	I pull up my sleeve to show the metal band around my wrist .
va	NN	However , they didn 't have any alternative .
va	NN	It doesn 't have a thick atmosphere to bend light and carry particles that reflect light around corners .
va	NN	Finally , he could stand the separation no longer .
va	NNS	I wrote dozens of short stories in college , but that fell to the wayside when I took a job in construction .
va	NNS	" Have you discovered other syllables ? "
va	NNS	That made Bradley 's most probable hypothesis of the Unknowns putting the books in their backpacks unlikely .
va	NN	He rested his hand admiringly on the intricate door .
va	NN	* * * CH 17 Revenge ... Death in the Bronx .
va	NN	I feel the temptation sometimes .
va	NN	She put her suitcase in the back seat of the car and pulled on her gloves like she really meant to get a grip on things .
va	NNS	Thankfully , there was a taxi just unloading some passengers .
va	NN	He was still leaving their lovemaking up to her but he was seducing her slowly .
va	NNS	Nan had very few fans .
va	NNS	I bought some accessories and a couple pairs of jeans .
va	NN	" She punched my dick . "
va	NN	I poured a small amount of the sugar into my hand and blew into the air .
va	NNS	" I loved those hazelnut clusters .
va	NN	I 'm seeking a legal separation for now so he can be free for a while to explore . "
va	NNS	She set aside some metal boxes so they sat out of her way , and added belatedly , " In earrings and a necklace . "
va	NN	Reed feigned the appearance of examining the photos of various ships on the wall , but in truth , he didn 't see any of them .
va	NN	" And we don 't have any basis to narrow this down .
va	NN	It gave him an encouraging squeak .
va	NNS	He pumped more bullets into the enemy .
va	NNS	" Yes , we can absolutely play princess again . "
va	NN	" Unit one and two , assume standard pacification formation . "
va	NNS	Many people hate their representatives , and they stopped voting .
va	NN	Kevin gave her a little tug on the sleeve and started toward the other end of the dining room .
va	NN	The black dwarves unloaded a pallet of boxes , an assortment of jugs and a set of spears , and they were done .
va	NNS	" You have any better ideas ? "
va	NNS	Even if the end means our deaths .
va	NNS	He 'd plucked splinters and dried tears .
va	NN	I could get my learner 's permit when I turned fifteen in a month and a half .
va	NN	I spot Blaine jogging up on the walkway and stuff my phone back into my pocket .
va	NN	Surprised by the action , the first man swung his saber at Lucas , who swiftly blocked the attack with his sword .
va	NN	I took full advantage of this , slipping in between her legs and nibbling on her upper thigh .
va	NN	Finally , he nodded his assent , but the narrowed gaze remained .
va	NNS	I saw the images in your mind , Solange .
va	NNS	A scandal like that would make headlines .
va	NN	She caressed the leather pouch between her fingers .
va	NN	If I can coordinate an assault alongside his own , I can gain great advantage .
va	NNS	And that I nearly destroyed it with a mini tornado didn 't help matters much .
va	NNS	Jack 's hands were controlling the brushes , spreading out the paint .
va	NNS	Out of the inferno came horrific screams , but the Forest Gentry held fast .
va	NNS	I don 't see any military personnel , but I feel them .
va	NNS	With so much powerful opposition , I don 't give good odds on their success .
va	NNS	" It 's not complete , " Claire rushed to say , her normal confident tones weak with nerves .
va	NN	He caught his mother 's eye fleetingly before , slightly flushed , she brought her concentration back to her plate .
va	NN	Nora and Maryann nodded their agreement .
va	NNS	" Well , I 'll make these appointments for you and then go talk with Josh .
va	NNS	" Did you not receive the messages ? "
va	NNS	" Thank you , " I say , feeling the slightest bit lighter , the pins and needles not so potent and sharp .
va	NNS	Maureen had such high hopes for you .
va	NNS	They were all fighting their own battles now , and he knew there was nothing he could do to help them .
va	NNS	" Well , I have ideas going in two directions .
va	NN	With nothing to hunt for , she let her mind drift , retelling to herself some of the stories her grandmother used to tell her .
va	NN	He is perfectly disheveled with his shaggy hair , wearing a cotton blazer that only partially covers his Tom Petty t-shirt .
va	NN	King 's beautiful face turned a vicious shade of red .
va	NN	Connor was born a prince among wolves .
va	NNS	Cameron clenched his fists , his entire body rigid as he held himself back .
va	NNS	I clenched my fists .
va	NNS	Hailey doesn 't stop or show any signs of discomfort .
va	NN	" God , Ethan , can 't you take a hint ? "
va	NNS	A blue like sapphire stones and aquamarine .
va	NN	I pulled out my cellphone to double check the time .
va	NN	He took off his black hat and set it on the dashboard , next to Eve 's nodding skeletal figurine .
va	NNS	He rattled the bars of the cage .
va	NNS	The warrior had raided helpless villages , slaughtered innocent people , and taken what did not belong to him .
va	NNS	He can 't hear tones as well as most people but he can hear basic sounds and he has a magnet in his head .
va	NNS	David left the humanitarian cases up to me , and anything involving or requiring harsher punishments were left for him .
va	NN	I did not know the geography exactly , but I knew I need not solve all the details at once .
va	NNS	She emptied the contents and found a tight undershirt , sweater , sweat pants , socks and slippers .
va	NN	The page I read said , on July 22nd , he allowed a newspaper reporter to photograph his signed confession .
va	NNS	' The poison invades your veins and infiltrates your flesh .
va	NNS	Conrad drew down his sunglasses , revealing eyes as red as blood .
va	NN	" Get our medical examiner in on this . "
va	NN	He pulled out a little foil packet and ripped it between his teeth .
va	NN	My old friend , Julie , and I will each have a house accounting for the full sixteen lots in the development .
va	NN	Jonas dropped the lantern as he and his brother turned tail and fled , screaming .
va	NNS	" I 'm regrouping and marshalling my forces , " Belinda went on , " including getting a lawyer . "
va	NNS	He should be running circles around the table while Melanie warns him to calm down .
va	NN	" Go do your homework in your room . "
va	NN	I have a tendency to forget that I 'm on the petite side and I definitely forgot that Jim towered over me .
va	NNS	But I gave him clear instructions to keep my name out of it when speaking with his contacts . "
va	NN	She hastily got off the bike , pulled off the helmet , and confronted him .
va	NN	I have rental insurance , but to do all that ?
va	NNS	The musketeers again drew aside the curtains .
va	NN	Give me , oh ... " I checked the kills .
va	NN	I must take council . '
va	NNS	All the kids on the block got tons of gifts .
va	NNS	She 'd left two large bath towels lying folded neatly on the shelves beside the tub .
va	NNS	We all recognized the rightness of that choice , but the American loved to chide us just the same .
va	NNS	I have purged the signs of our work in the hovel .
va	NNS	I don 't want your opinions to bleed onto the page .
va	NNS	They would manoeuvre their planes in an attempt to fire weapons at the saints clustered outside their vehicles .
va	NNS	" Adolf can 't construct portals . "
va	NNS	Lucien poured two rations .
va	NN	" No bars , no signal in here .
va	NNS	I skip stones and throw rocks until the sun starts to set .
va	NN	He had an investment to protect , after all , and if she went bankrupt , he 'd be out the money .
va	NNS	" My five-year-old grandson fell off the monkey bars in that playground .
va	NN	She struggled to escape , couldn 't bear the agony his feel , his touch , had coursing in hers .
va	NN	I only have a limited amount of funds and just want to help while I can .
va	NN	A gunslinger knows pride - that invisible bone that keeps the neck stiff .
va	NNS	Claire hated the sadness in him , and the anger , and she wished she could say something to make him feel better .
va	NNS	Instead of bolting into His Majesty 's path , she slapped Chartres soundly .
va	NNS	" I threw many rocks .
va	NN	" For your TV . "
va	NN	The daughters aren 't expecting much maybe a little life insurance . "
va	NNS	His tense tone raised flags .
va	NN	The shops were only round the corner , she could see the front garden of her house from here .
va	NN	I noticed the growing pile of wrappers on the floor .
va	NNS	Dominic kept the bolts of lightning up , driving the mage away from the cat even as he tuned his mind to the cat 's .
va	NNS	" I like presents . "
va	NN	He waved the next passenger forward .
va	NN	" And yet , " Michael chimed in , " every student in that class has an alibi . "
va	NNS	Most settlers built one room cabins when they first arrived , ten feet by ten feet at the most .
va	NN	" Why would they avoid firing at either of you ? "
va	NNS	Opening his eyes , he saw two delicious sights , Sloane and a tray of his favorite breakfast , French toast and bacon .
va	NNS	" Why don 't the demons possess your Deity 's angels ?
va	NNS	Connor could scarcely feel the nerves and muscles in his hands .
va	NN	To the funeral I wore a black , cardigan to cover up my shoulders , but I could go without one for the dance .
va	NN	" No can do bud , you know it 's nothing personal , I just don 't want us to rely too heavily on it . "
va	NNS	Dropping the dish on the table , I heard footsteps striding up the stairwell .
va	NN	He kisses and licks and teases every inch of my neck , only gasping for air when it 's absolutely necessary .
va	NNS	They had survived the horrors of numerous battles and the appalling degradation of life in the German POW camps .
va	NN	Instead , he took up his role as bartender again .
va	NNS	I get these sensations and feelings all over my body that I can 't explain . "
va	NNS	They passed corner markets with bars on the doors .
va	NN	She served a delicious contemporary dish . "
va	NN	Graham would probably demand an apology too , from both Nell and Shane .
va	NN	After a patter of hurried feet , she could hear a jumble of whispers , coming closer and getting louder .
va	NN	Madoc shoved his dick inside her and went to work .
va	NNS	I heard sirens when I was showering , but they weren 't close and I didn 't think too much about it .
va	NNS	Remember your trophy wife ambitions ?
va	NN	His fangs bared , he stabbed one Daimon and then the other .
va	NN	It glowed brighter and poured its magic into her as she lifted it out of the trunk .
va	NNS	His thumb makes small circles on the back of my hand .
va	NN	Hallam had undergone some quick briefing before Lamont 's entrance .
va	NN	We 're getting off this mountain , I swear , Ashley , and we 'll go somewhere they can 't find us . "
va	NN	She certainly was a better looking replacement and decided a compliment wouldn 't hurt his goals .
va	NNS	" You wouldn 't believe the legends of this book and the Lost Times , or the War of Shadows . "
va	NN	" I know your birthday .
va	NN	John took a sip from his drink , and nodded slowly .
va	NNS	His hand grew warmer , unnatural y warm , and just like that , her fear vanished .
va	NNS	A pained expression draws his dark brows together .
va	NNS	How do I get supporters ? "
va	NN	He grabbed the wig from the table , his stomach twisting and turning .
va	NN	I have not the faintest .
va	NN	She 'd spent a lifetime yearning to talk to him and failing .
va	NN	Angie scribbled a reminder to order blue satin fabric , then turned to Jared .
va	NNS	She lowers big dark sunglasses from her head to cover her eyes .
va	NN	You could show a little gratitude . "
va	NNS	She turned off her alarms and rolled out of bed grumpily .
va	NNS	" They 've crossed paths . "
va	NN	But Mira saw guilt in that worried gaze too .
va	NNS	Still drowning in my fury and fear , I take the threads I see and cross them , painting what appears in my mind .
va	NNS	I threw my spare sneakers at her a bit harder than necessary .
va	NNS	" Naturally , the authorities at New Israel and back Home in Israel itself have made furious protests , and so have several other governments .
va	NN	No wonder Amanda didn 't have a fever .
va	NN	He felt a surge of triumph .
va	NN	" Humans have a law against it too . "
va	NN	The mob lifted up a tremendous cheer and surged forward .
va	NN	Tavi approached the guard post and found the same pair who had been there the day before .
va	NN	He tossed the packet of orders onto the desk and stalked over to Zane .
va	NNS	His name on her lips sent chills of anticipation coursing through his veins .
va	NNS	I asked Ares uncertainly .
va	NN	This afternoon I visited the constable and asked to know who found the boy .
va	NNS	She stirred the contents with a straw and watched as the ice began to melt .
va	NN	Savannah had never hunted the undead .
va	NNS	" And my lawyer 's got cases booked during the day until then , so we have to work after-hours .
va	NNS	I almost went nuts , there in that trunk .
va	NNS	Their escort left them alone , footsteps retreating back up into the cathedral .
va	NN	Edgar watched her profile as she guided the ship .
va	NN	" Drink alcohol ? "
va	NNS	The narrow table directly behind Egwene had some carvings , but its leather padding was far more distinctive .
va	NN	Soon after the child went missing , Ibrahim put his photo in different newspapers and broadcasted it on the news channel continuously for the next six months .
va	NNS	Without answering , he kicked off the blankets and began to get out of bed , only to have her grab hold of his arm .
va	NNS	Ironside even provided drinks and biscuits for him .
va	NN	A roasting pig took up a large amount of space in the kitchen .
va	NN	I sent forth a desperate yelp .
va	NN	Maybe he has a gadget that can pick up what we are saying right now .
va	NNS	The guys were stealing chips out of my pantry .
va	NNS	I 'll put dry branches around the perimeter .
va	NNS	But , boy , you got cuts , slashes , and , " he frowns at her .
va	NNS	' The volume of Plutarch 's Lives which I possessed contained the histories of the first founders of the ancient republics .
va	NNS	You have materials ? "
va	NN	The lord likes a fast learner . '
va	NN	Genie lashed her spear and cut through flesh .
va	NNS	Both had about the same odds of coming true .
va	NN	We 'd enjoyed a lovely picnic in our room , just the two of us .
va	NNS	The man seized Trevor 's wrists , pinning them to the ground at either side of his head .
va	NNS	The ones who wanted to work had jobs .
va	NNS	Sitting on the couch in front of me , he put his drinks down and pulled my legs onto on his lap .
va	NN	She 's found her next victim .
va	NNS	Demons speak many languages .
va	NNS	He simply changed the odds .
va	NNS	I gave Sable some pistols and stun batons , but they are toys compared to what I have kept locked away .
va	NN	Back then we took more pride in packaging our formulations , before the world fell in love with all things plastic and disposable .
va	NNS	He caught her wrists and hauled her up to his chest , muttering , " Sonia - " " No ! "
va	NN	I 'll have this amount transferred into your accounts so you can meet your obligations .
va	NN	Jacey had had a dangerously high fever ; convulsions racked her body .
va	NNS	Thousands of workers were storming the police barricades as the police began to fire tear gas .
va	NNS	" Should I shut down the factories ? "
va	NNS	But no matter how hard Corinne tried , sex wouldn 't sell newspapers .
va	NN	Nick gulped down his tequila .
va	NNS	I will solve these cases , I resolve silently .
va	NNS	They had picked up radiation signatures while exploring uncharted space -- which led to a long-distance affair .
va	NNS	And where do us guys get these terrible and selfish ideas from that ultimately hurt girls and women ?
va	NN	If that happened , maybe he wouldn 't accept another invitation .
va	NNS	Several hooks embedded in the ceiling held lanterns casting a yellow glow about the place .
va	NN	Suddenly regaining his composure he added , " I 'm winning . "
va	NNS	In the past week , I 'd scanned old headlines until my eyes glazed over , yet I had only uncovered two other horse thefts .
va	NN	He heard the rustle of fabric as she approached .
va	NNS	He 's partly tossing nuts in the air , missing as often as catching them .
va	NN	After helping me into the car and buckling me in , she thrusts the telephone into my hand .
va	NN	His public embarrassment had hurt his pride .
va	NN	The thought sent a surge through him .
va	NNS	Caucasians staffed the trucks .
va	NNS	I saw the old ladies on their porches and saw people stepping around the puddles of light .
va	NNS	" I would but someone deleted my saved recordings . "
va	NN	" I du n no . "
va	NN	He pulled the hat back on , right down to his ears just to be on the safe side .
va	NNS	He missed her lush curves , to be honest .
va	NN	He grabbed my sleeve .
va	NN	Everybody in the amphitheater nodded agreement .
va	NN	He gave no signal that Nestor saw , but the guards around the perimeter of the room took a single step forward , all as one .
va	NN	Cindy took the hint .
va	NN	It now sat askew on a bent cement post .
va	NNS	We don 't have rooftops to leap over , or cables to run across , but we can wrestle a few alligators . "
va	NN	I could see the wealthy , elite Rosemary in him at times , but he tried too hard to cover it with tats and swagger .
va	NN	I love every inch of him .
va	NN	You don 't love the crazy , sullen bitch . "
va	NNS	I pulled the blankets around me tight and tried to get some needed sleep .
va	NN	So many take advantage .
va	NN	She 'd never dated a billionaire before .
va	NNS	She lowers her lashes .
va	NN	Maybe she would be traveling the globe by now , pulling downed astronauts out of the open sea .
va	NNS	" You will need curtains in the bedroom . "
va	NNS	We had enough materials to construct around 10 large snares capable of capturing a man or woman .
va	NNS	As they entered the dimly-lit living area , Stacy could make out couples scattered everywhere throughout the room .
va	NNS	The damned ship was a convoluted mess with secret sections and random extrusions and concealed passages which led nowhere .
va	NNS	He gave instructions on the preparations that were needed .
va	NNS	The guards took off their shirts , revealing wrestling outfits .
va	NNS	" Any ideas ? "
va	NN	He knows the market in this town . "
va	NNS	" Oliver , greet my former classmates ! "
va	NN	Mackenzie forced her concentration back to her work but she knew where he was .
va	NN	" I want some French toast . "
va	NN	Abraham fingered the stubble on his strong jaw as he stepped forward .
va	NN	His eyes couldn 't ignore the destruction , and his mind couldn 't stop seeing it .
va	NN	He indicated the barn with a lift of his wrinkled chin .
va	NNS	I-I have too many bruises , " she said , but it wasn 't the bruises that worried her .
va	NN	And then very slowly , as if in a dream , his lips closed the gap between them and pressed against her mouth firmly .
va	NN	He tugged his robe together , the material somehow repairing itself .
va	NN	I understood her sympathy for Miller , even if I didn 't feel any .
va	NNS	The committee had discussed many investment strategies and had narrowed their options to three .
va	NNS	He saw the banners of approaching soldiers .
va	NNS	The two girls clambered up the dunes and walked along the top of the main beach .
va	NNS	You lure your customers with your sanitary practices as well as the taste of your food .
va	NNS	He found all their twelve cells in different parts of the palace , and after a time he got to know his way about very well .
va	NNS	" He has hundreds of small raiding parties scattered throughout the country north of London ; he cannot survive long without them , and they are exposed .
va	NNS	What if I could change the tides of Hades and how he worked ?
va	NNS	William promptly downed half the contents from the glass .
va	NNS	I gulped the contents of mine down as quickly as I could .
va	NN	" He lifts weights , " Eddie is directing her comment to me .
va	NN	We were reaching the limit of our endurance .
va	NN	He tipped his hat to Sarah and said , " I 'm tempted to accept just to see if you could make the impossible happen . "
va	NNS	He then went downstairs and sealed the air vents .
va	NNS	If he had a dozen Playboy bunny girlfriends on the side ?
va	NN	I closed every inch of space between us .
va	NNS	" It will not kill immortals .
va	NNS	The man really didn 't like the visitors , and that could be used to Dominic 's advantage .
va	NNS	He released the brakes , steered the car toward the space ... and prayed .
va	NN	Hadrian passed the portal charm to the sorcerer .
va	NNS	She fanned her lashes at him , struggling not to get up and kick him .
va	NNS	You 'll either have the Silent Deal or ... He stopped there .
va	NNS	Mentally she reviewed the contents of her closet , which was rather lacking in anything fancy .
va	NN	Each folder had big , sloppy handwriting on the front , written in blue ball point pen .
va	NNS	Jill showed no signs of injury , and the attack had occurred a week before she came to Palm Springs .
va	NN	Terrance envied Anthony 's passion for his vocation .
va	NNS	He withdrew some bills from his wallet and threw them down on the table .
va	NNS	Every publication carried articles about how they had ruined Lake Blue Leaf and how a human rights violation was taking place in Kingston .
va	NN	But you must stop this nonsense .
va	NNS	I clenched my fists and my boots were ready .
va	NNS	Hit shows the least signs of aging ; her dark skin looks much the same , her features strong and elegant .
va	NN	If his time had come , at least he had accomplished his aim .
va	NNS	" They 'll take more precise measurements than we did and get her GPS coordinates .
va	NN	I didn 't even feel his body shift when he threw them .
va	NNS	She rams boxes of pills into the bag .
va	NNS	He saw the links that wove together the invading army , the creatures , the forest , and himself .
va	NN	" Can you say that poem over again ? "
va	NN	" My own kingdom . "
va	NN	A grinning reaper clutched a scythe with bony fingers . "
va	NNS	Tammy could see all his veins in his hands as gripped tightly .
va	NNS	My old life now felt worlds away , three years of a dream-like state that were hard to connect to my new life in the city .
va	NN	36 Providence felt the softness of warm moving air on her face and across her bare arms .
va	NNS	Or watch many vampire movies .
va	NNS	While I mused on this , voices rose downstairs .
va	NNS	" So you could do brain scans ? "
va	NNS	Whatever schedules planned for the events is history .
va	NN	Cynthia , I ... " " A gentleman does not interrupt another gentleman while that gentleman is speaking . "
va	NN	We get the court 's permission to look through their financial documents ?
va	NN	He 'd pegged the nymph for the childish pranks , but it was nice to have it confirmed .
va	NNS	Brick sent further instructions .
va	NN	His fingers touched a tiny mole there .
va	NN	" I write a series about a thousand-year-old vampire named Lawrence who is very powerful .
va	NN	" So last year they just gave me the same schedule as Holly .
va	NNS	I had only seen fifteen or so demons in the cell ar .
va	NNS	Simon was in the back of a pick up truck loading bales of hay into a shed .
va	NN	" Suck my dick . "
va	NNS	We 'll do tailgate parties .
va	NN	Mad Rogan held out a chalk .
va	NN	She sounded the chime again and the sonorous notes of Big Ben chiming the hour were heard in the Steins entrance hall .
va	NN	After dark , I was taken down the floodlit mountain in a Jeep , and interviewed some more by different people .
va	NNS	But the suddenness does not create the rats : it only prevents them from hiding .
va	NN	" I du n no . "
va	NN	It had a bucket like helmet on its head , and small indents for eyes .
va	NN	The Seekers of Life along with their slayers have been battling the undead since the death of Christ . "
va	NNS	" My dad 's had foster daughters before .
va	NN	Leaving the Darth Vader helmet in my closet -- worst idea ever -- I went downstairs and breezed through the doorway .
va	NNS	Kneeling under the window frame , Ethan fed eight shells into the tube and then draped the strap over his shoulder .
va	NN	She had a new confidence at her core .
va	NNS	I don 't like heights ! "
va	NN	Both the passport and the " Collins " military identity card had his photograph on them , and he asked Elizabeth how she had managed that detail .
va	NNS	" I smell brownies . "
va	NN	" Thought you fell off the cliff or something .
va	NN	Olivia took a hearty sip of her wine , needing some liquid courage to get through that conversation .
va	NNS	Mom chats up the customers .
va	NN	It tested a new limit for you .
va	NN	Didn 't want her depressed or angry , or worse , hating him with every fiber of her being .
va	NNS	" Maybe he paid them tons of money , and that was it . "
va	NN	" My secretary arranged the transaction for me .
va	NN	Despite his leverage , Trent didn 't trust his adversary .
va	NN	In the old days we had a community and many men were craftsmen .
va	NN	By the time that mess was over , I 'd ended up queen of the Thorn Land .
va	NN	I directed that last comment at Eddie .
va	NNS	" Just knowing you were coming lifted Madge 's spirits .
va	NN	Some people even hollered a greeting out the window .
va	NN	" As young as you are , you probably don 't have that much perspective . "
va	NN	My grandmother would always read a Harlequin romance novel ; I got my love of books and wrestling from her .
va	NN	He ignored her thoughtful suggestion ( although he mentally filed it away ) .
va	NNS	She tapped her perfectly white caps with a mauve fingernail that matched her outfit .
va	NN	So I give my blessing , and they leave the living area .
va	NNS	Even if my body had other ideas .
va	NN	I pull off his halter .
va	NN	" Life insurance ? "
va	NNS	Denver City had sprung up after gold had been found , the minors building log cabins and erecting tents for lodging .
va	NNS	echoed the protesters again , waving their picket signs .
va	NNS	In a fit of rage , Larry threw the fishing rods into the river .
va	NNS	She 'd never had dealings with a calm , rational Colin Morgan .
va	NN	It offers limited seating in front as one might find at a small bar .
va	NNS	I 've told you , I 've family duties to perform .
va	NN	" I 've found the crew . "
va	NN	" Oh my gosh ! "
va	NNS	The more she shared , the harder I clenched my fists .
va	NN	" Alright , " I gulped a huge amount of air , and directed my focus on the worn down briefcase .
va	NN	Naturally , Kaylee had no real intention of staying with the group of civilians .
va	NN	I feel something shift in my mind , like something that was closed has just opened .
va	NNS	She crept downstairs , grabbed the soft angora blanket off the sofa , and went outside .
va	NNS	Reagan may avoid awkward situations , but she doesn 't hold back on asking the hard questions .
va	NN	Yet as his eyes reluctantly began to open and he became aware of his surroundings , he jolted upright .
va	NNS	I lifted my brows .
va	NN	I found an ad offering the car as a loaner in exchange for a few Bitcoins .
va	NNS	" You don 't get many ideas but sometimes you manage to surprise everyone ! "
va	NN	Every geek has his price . "
va	NNS	Unlike my dad , she 'd actually seen the commercials .
va	NNS	We are expecting clear skies , but a cold wind in from the north .
va	NNS	She shuddered and grabbed her shorts and top and pulled them on .
va	NNS	She had several small internal bleeds but we believe they will heal without difficulty .
va	NN	Kincaid discarded that shotgun as well , and reached for the stock of another in his golf bag .
va	NNS	" Ten minutes , and you buy the drinks . "
va	NN	I think the dude 's toast . "
va	NNS	Staring at the spirit 's forehead , Kylie tightened her brows .
va	NNS	He had already banked large quantities of the gold and traded many nuggets in for coins , but a good sum was with him now .
va	NNS	I lifted my brows skeptically .
va	NN	A gray-haired old seabird across the bar lit a cigarette .
va	NN	And the cold rushing through her turned icy .
va	NN	She abandoned her cleaning and nearly tumbled down the stairs , her heart racing .
va	NN	" Supposed to be treating an accident victim but he never came back . "
va	NN	James Bond had already lit his cigarette .
va	NNS	As he sang he threw some more stones and stamped .
va	NNS	Not collectively husbands and wives -- -- that would be madness -- -- but one husband to one wife only . "
va	NN	That would be considered a nervous tick .
va	NNS	Anyway , sometimes we throw parties to schmooze the clients .
va	NNS	Rough types , but none that would do that .
va	NN	She dropped the newspaper haphazardly on the floor and walked to the television .
va	NNS	Even during the slower hours , Helen 's Place wasn 't lacking customers .
va	NN	His mistresses , of course , made no comment about his growing paunch .
va	NNS	I 'm severing the chains . "
va	NN	The little spoiled brat . "
va	NN	The President threw the switch .
va	NN	* * * Love flashed his identification to Geoff who was on duty .
va	NNS	Tammy crammed some packages of red velvet bows in her hand basket and moved onto the jingle bells , shaking them vigorously .
va	NNS	He followed the instructions .
va	NN	" You 've had a premonition ? "
va	NNS	So when the battle commences , and they try to overthrow Sectors , they 'll have two planes of dominance as will the Counts . "
va	NN	Once in my room , I stripped off the cardigan and socks , forcing my mind to go blank .
va	NN	Ali pulled another flare out of his backpack and handed it to Meagan .
va	NN	It was like watching a romance in the making , just waiting to see who 's going to break first .
va	NNS	The guest bathroom rivaled most master bathrooms .
va	NNS	A few minutes later they rolled the trucks inside the store and built a fire for the night .
va	NN	She had made a series of tapestries of what she 'd seen when the wild hunt had come through her countryside .
va	NN	Every day I pass the graveyard where Deirdre is buried .
va	NNS	And the razor-sharp crossbow bolts that further splintered the wooden crates as we darted past them .
va	NNS	He arched his brows , and Colette grinned .
va	NNS	He is barking instructions for when we reach the estate , as the car travels faster than possible .
va	NN	Now she was paying the price , and it was far too high .
va	NN	Still , the loud pounding music heightened her anxiety .
va	NN	She liked cheese even less , rejecting it even for fish .
va	NNS	I killed the monks for the same reason I killed the king -- opposition to the will of God is too dangerous .
va	NN	There went yesterday 's manicure .
va	NN	I also lost my ma and da six years ago today . "
va	NN	I watched Jack 's muscles flex underneath his t-shirt as he went back to work .
va	NN	screamed the teen from the floor .
va	NNS	I feel all the furies of desire . ' "
va	NN	I open the packet , and Luca rolls onto his side , alongside me .
va	NNS	... But they also talk of another side to you : your arrogance , selfishness , destructive behavioural patterns ... " I snort slightly .
va	NN	" I can find no trace of any person .
va	NNS	Katie and Rose bought rings , necklaces , bracelets and earrings .
va	NN	They 're watching the pony and the girl in the ocean , a more interesting meal .
va	NNS	I had two paths .
va	NNS	" I want twenty-five thousand cases ! "
va	NNS	He pulled out the spectacles , which were bent but still intact .
va	NNS	I had already chipped three nails and broke the one on my pinky .
va	NN	I pulled a pile of plastic packing materials off the living room chair and placed it on the pile of boxes .
va	NN	She inwardly cursed her curiosity and started to chew on her tongue .
va	NN	" I have low blood sugar . "
va	NN	The white crystals showered the beast like a heavy fall of snow .
va	NNS	Zoey grabbed the edges of the table .
va	NNS	His warm mouth sent fierce tingles through her , pins and needles of heat .
va	NNS	But this evening , it had no intentions of cooperating .
va	NNS	He had conducted numerous wars of ' liberation ' , supposedly aimed at wiping out ' terrorism ' .
va	NNS	But whisking a woman off to an isolated island for an afternoon had raised some red flags .
va	NN	They faced each other , Shifter to human .
va	NN	He didn 't give an inch , and yet that frighteningly powerful man bowed to Blake .
va	NNS	Who had pulled the furs aside ?
va	NN	His eyes , though perhaps he couldn 't see properly , had that twinkle in them .
va	NN	He had seen a widow sobbing over her husband 's grave because the man had refused to join Kiel 's forces when asked .
va	NNS	Through the crackling fire , Errol could hear the sirens of fire trucks .
va	NNS	Yes , I might have questionable morals , but rule breaker doesn 't fit my style . "
va	NN	I turn and see Hunter jogging towards me .
va	NNS	" I 'm getting so frustrated , Agnes - I just want Dreamer back home . "
va	NNS	They had flaky calluses on their hands .
va	NN	She walked off toward the bedroom , examined the plaster ceilings and walls .
va	NNS	I first crossed paths with Jesse Taylor on Reception Day .
va	NNS	This man singed her nerves , and she hated lapsing into her familiar weakness .
va	NNS	Standard issue shorts and tees in a lovely shade of olive green that was familiar if nothing else .
va	NN	They had certainly made striking issue .
va	NN	It 'll give you a semblance of a waist . "
va	NN	Oh yes , and someone painting a mural .
va	NNS	" He had three announcements , really .
va	NNS	' I need a computer , ' she said briskly .
va	NN	Skyler 's eyes , when she was completely calm and relaxed often went that amazing shade of gray .
va	NN	" It would require a massive amount of skill and energy to overwhelm the barriers that protect my sanctum , but it is possible . "
va	NN	She had stopped the Council , and she had stopped him .
va	NN	Her lady was visiting court and passed the news to me . "
va	NN	When I was at the movies , I 'd never felt such hatred , like I was surrounded in a dark cloud of misery .
va	NNS	The lone food table sported such delights as moldy bread , curdled milk , and burnt cookies .
va	NNS	He also cut out the riskier aspects of his love of extreme sports , though he still enjoyed surfing occasionally .
va	NNS	he groaned amidst grunts of pain .
va	NN	I felt a cold draft of air behind us .
va	NNS	Only the bones in his arm had the strange twisted patterns .
va	NNS	She pulled the blankets back and looked at her sister .
va	NN	I gasped horribly , a strangling sound , not realising I had had my eyes closed until my eyelids fled .
va	NNS	We 're saved , lads ! "
va	NNS	The next day as he came back from the office , he found some berries and fruits placed outside his front door on a plantain leaf .
va	NN	I treasure her honesty more than anything else in the world . "
va	NN	Checking his mirrors , looking around in all directions , he slid the gearshift into first and pulled slowly away from the curb .
va	NNS	The doctor got out the shotgun pellets .
va	NNS	" They have double chocolate pancakes ? "
va	NNS	She raised her brows , looking intrigued .
va	NN	She felt the stab of pain as she lifted herself onto her crab jointed legs .
va	NN	I could see the growing pile of the corn in the center of the gravity box , where it would mound up .
va	NN	Behind Gray , crime tape still marked off the site of the afternoon 's murder .
va	NNS	' ' Any ideas ? "
va	NNS	Since Clay had no family in the city , Jonah and Paulette assumed the roles of spokesmen and decision makers .
va	NN	Larry patted the wig with his hand .
va	NNS	She knew monsters intimately .
va	NN	The metal pole wasn 't making a dent in the plastic , so I decided on taking a different approach to the plastic restraints .
va	NN	She couldn 't let this escalate .
va	NNS	Gives me the shivers . "
va	NNS	Something about the small , metallic one 's very presence generated shivers that weren 't worth pursuing .
va	NN	Have fun shopping . "
va	NNS	" Human , my pack has seen many deaths recently .
va	NNS	She would know the signs anywhere now .
va	NN	Nick gripped the pole with one hand and held her hand with the other .
va	NNS	" You 've got elephants here ? "
va	NN	" We have the bait . "
va	NN	Larger shadows marked a felled herd of mule deer .
va	NN	She should 've left the Eugene Crouch issue alone .
va	NNS	Melissa set both bottles down onto the counter , then turned and held out her hand to Erica .
va	NN	She hadn 't apparently had any issue with ransacking the cabinets .
va	NNS	" I have five bullets ! "
va	NNS	She wore dazzling jewels of diamond on her ears .
va	NNS	" My dear , I have imbibed the entire contents of two dictionaries .
va	NNS	You 're holding your wildness in , but you can 't forever .
va	NN	Just as much as any father and mother give birth and life to their child . '
va	NNS	The hard part was showing the levels of completion of each phase of the various towers .
va	NNS	She emptied the contents of the bag into her palm .
va	NN	My mother makes beet soup sometimes . "
va	NN	At Lucy 's mention of the word ham Kim 's mouth started watering .
va	NN	The moon , that night a thin wedge on its way down from full , hit its peak , and the field ignited in silver fire .
va	NNS	Canute smiled and told the two young slaves that he was terribly pleased that he had this uncontested proof of his sexual prowess .
va	NN	Well ... Linda stubbed out her cigarette and crawled into bed with her husband .
va	NNS	Before , he had only imagined her good intentions , her fears , her motivations in lying to him and everyone else for all those years .
va	NNS	AJ had come downstairs and Shannon hurried past her .
va	NNS	Satisfied with our location , he found a few rocks to sit down on that surrounded a pit , that at one time had held a fire .
va	NNS	They conduct experiments and sometimes even torture their patients .
va	NNS	She placed her wedding rings on the bedside table , letting go of them and of Conrad for the final time .
va	NN	He still had the bank manager 's agreement in his top pocket .
va	NN	He reached the hook and , hastily crouching , picked it up .
va	NNS	" We could easily cleanse these worlds below for you in exchange for keeping what we kill . "
va	NNS	" We 'll have tons of good karma coming our way for helping out a friend in need . "
va	NNS	He 's single-handedly held back the hordes of demons for more than a thousand years .
va	NNS	The men 's magazine had several articles on buffing up my arms .
va	NN	He made a quick detour for his morning latte and thought again how pleased he was to see that Maggie was working .
va	NNS	As they sat down , the waiter handed them their menus and informed them that he would return when they were ready to order .
va	NN	All beings endowed with special powers must pay a price for their existence .
va	NN	Harry did not need a second invitation .
va	NN	The man who had begged her to go home with him and practically shoved his phone down her throat to get her number ... had a girlfriend .
va	NN	I hear the gun slide out of its holster .
va	NNS	One time , Alexandra couldn 't watch her shows for forever , because Mama kept saying the TV was ' dead ' .
va	NNS	She shakes my curls .
va	NNS	He brushed the curls from her face and tucked them behind her ear .
va	NNS	Lightning exploded around them , whips of energy rained hot , glowing sparks .
va	NN	I have every confidence in your feelings for me .
va	NNS	" I feel both sadness and happiness .
va	NN	He answers her politely .
va	NNS	We took oaths to protect the priesthood , not to engage in bloody wars against men we have no quarrel with . "
va	NN	* Sandrine and I walked down the murky corridor without saying a word .
va	NN	Hell , we could influence the writing of the United States Constitution .
va	NN	The creature broke off its circling pattern and slowly descended to the ground landing thirty feet in front of the ATV .
va	NNS	I pulled my blankets up to my chin and tried to think things over .
va	NNS	" I hunt monsters and I think there is one here .
va	NNS	With scissors , she cut two squares from the wax paper roll .
va	NNS	Then they set their minds to escaping the jungle with their lives .
va	NN	Now they could hear the desperate screams coming from the pit .
va	NN	But you can 't teach determination .
va	NNS	She could see the tufts of gray hair near his ears and deep lines in his forehead .
va	NNS	" I 'll send you the logistics in a few minutes . "
va	NNS	All that waiting in line gives me the chills .
va	NNS	" Finally , this whole thing with the foreign government seizing twenty-eight plants .
va	NN	She really does believe the nonsense that spurts from her lips .
va	NNS	Most of the cars were crushed and blackened shells .
va	NNS	One by one , she dropped the garments into the soapy water .
va	NNS	They had adult matters to discuss .
va	NNS	" And I prefer mixed drinks or beer . "
va	NN	" They have a queen ? "
va	NNS	She would tell fortunes and sell voodoo stuff .
va	NNS	I had goose bumps all over me , as though an unseen energy or electrical charge was passing wonderfully through me .
va	NNS	Marriage and life as an Army wife had its ups and downs but few regrets , the only one being their inability to start a family .
va	NN	Above the massive dome of the basilica , the sky glowed amber orange .
va	NN	I ran a brush through my hair one last time , smiling into the mirror and deciding that I looked very pretty this morning .
va	NNS	Mikhail allowed the odors of the household to be processed by the rodent 's body .
va	NN	" We 've had a recess .
va	NN	He continued hiking down the meandering trail , following the dead man 's directions .
va	NN	Just on her lips you can make the faint trace of a smile .
va	NN	His vision burned a deeper shade of amber , fury roiling through him with each word he was hearing .
va	NNS	I guess when you were ruled by a powerful despot like Varia , you just didn 't expect many challenges to the status quo .
va	NN	I shall await your response patiently in the parlor .
va	NN	He took the calendar out from under his jacket .
va	NN	I could feel Josh 's impatience as we misted over the nest .
va	NN	Most of all , he hated his childish curiosity .
va	NNS	We 've expressed our reservations to you .
va	NN	But she broke the pattern , and he was grateful for it .
va	NN	Everyone knows Murdock 's ranch . "
va	NNS	Spartans were born warriors .
va	NNS	The first son was named Moses .
va	NN	Fixing things later always carried a bigger price , but she wasn 't in any mood for carpentry wisdom , certainly not from him .
va	NN	I 'm pulling night shift anyway .
va	NN	Keep a close tab on this guy .
va	NNS	The structure held thousands of television screens , all displaying daily life on countless planets .
va	NN	He didn 't question my appearance .
va	NN	He removed his hat and fished out a small crystal ball from a pocket in the lining .
va	NNS	The guard grabbed James 's lapels .
va	NNS	She raised her brows .
va	NN	We do the explaining later .
va	NNS	I might have the best intentions in the world , but I can 't do much good if I am impeached . "
va	NN	I take my spear in hand and put my whistle in my waistband .
va	NN	I save my draft and stand up from the bench , but I can 't see beyond the trees and boulders that circle the little clearing .
va	NN	The one I 'd opened swung free , and white daylight and icy air stung my eyes and skin .
va	NNS	Two more minutes passed without any more shots being fired , and from behind them the group in the vehicles could hear even more helicopters approaching .
va	NNS	Nathaniel scanned the sky and roof tops .
va	NNS	Mari indicated the drinks on the table .
va	NNS	" Did you eat my salsa pancakes ? "
va	NNS	When he tugged on her hair slightly , it sent shivers down her spine and heat coursing through her blood .
va	NN	He unwound her bridle from a short post in front of the building and slid up into her saddle after stroking the mare 's sleek neck .
va	NNS	Reaching to the floor behind him , he picked up two wrapped boxes and a beautiful long stemmed dark red rose .
va	NN	Dominic felt her calm assurance .
va	NN	I added some pep to my voice .
va	NN	The seemingly reserved girl might have killed her sister-in-law with her eyes , but she accepted the string .
va	NN	Slightly disheveled will give you an advantage , especially if he 's as anal as I think he is .
va	NNS	Dad quickly switched lanes and laid on the horn .
va	NN	Percy took another sip of his claret .
va	NNS	Most of the statues depicted warriors .
va	NNS	I stopped behind the rear tire and scanned the surrounding rooftops .
va	NNS	" Where do they put these machines ? "
va	NNS	They followed the catacombs for some distance .
va	NNS	His raspy voice against the inside of her knee gave her goose bumps .
va	NN	She gave another jerk before she released him .
va	NN	Ethan dropped his spoon and drummed his fingers on the table .
va	NN	And then I told the earl that night at supper .
va	NN	We set up some investment accounts , fast forward back to 2009 , and bam !
va	NN	' You weren 't given permission to talk . '
va	NN	He found only a furious roar of rage communicating completely all he needed to say .
va	NN	" I 'll just have toast .
va	NNS	The rest can 't handle such ideas . "
va	NN	Conrad didn 't fit the profile .
va	NNS	Some of the African countries still had their former colonial identities .
va	NNS	" They are meeting downstairs and you can put these on . "
va	NN	" Yes , it 's not a calculator under your fingers , those buttons are for entering the final solution .
va	NNS	She had been so overwhelmed with Lucinda 's words , she hadn 't noticed the contents of the postscript .
va	NN	Elena felt a surge of annoyance .
va	NNS	The vision reversed his mind 's hidden compartments stepping back in time through a portal to the past .
va	NNS	When he approached Jolene , he saw the sadness in her eyes .
va	NN	I heard the dull thunk when it landed on cobblestones , and I rammed the stake up into his torso .
va	NN	I touch the bruise forming on his chin .
va	NNS	She didn 't judge his weaknesses , and therefore he had never hidden them from her .
va	NN	Callie shoved her transmission back in Park .
va	NN	Especially , now that he and Anja are hiding out in some dingy abandoned warehouse not knowing if they 'll live another day .
va	NN	Dayan could read the determination in her mind .
va	NN	" Just name your price and I 'll pay . "
va	NNS	I throw my crutches and toss them to the side in anger .
va	NN	He wore a dark red robe with black dragons embroidered up the arms .
va	NNS	She was turning his own ideas against him .
va	NNS	Was he saving his bullets ?
va	NN	I lean in and gently tug on his bottom lip with my teeth and then kiss it softly .
va	NNS	Naturally we must take precautions as if the worst has happened .
va	NNS	He had more important matters on his mind at the moment .
va	NNS	" You should see Jess 's nails .
va	NN	Mac pushed the shuttle as fast as he could .
va	NN	Mr. Sawyer asked his secretary to page the students to his office .
va	NN	She didn 't have the social graces necessary not to embarrass herself or her kin . '
va	NNS	Fortunately , I was downloading mostly text and still images .
va	NN	" I du n no . "
va	NNS	I took out loans to pay for school . "
va	NN	You run your own race . '
va	NNS	" Otto has shot a few civilians in the past , but only to injure them .
va	NN	He put down his spoon and began twisting his ring , working it over a knuckle .
va	NNS	He grabs my wrists and slams them into the wall .
va	NN	By the time I reached the bus , I heard the screams and smelled gas . "
va	NN	Dean escorted his master to a shop that sold ready-made gowns .
va	NNS	Lifting the wineglass , I gulped down half its contents right away .
va	NN	They had rejected the investment the powers-that-be had made in them , opting instead for death .
va	NN	He pushed his silent companion toward the front door .
va	NNS	So he had notes on the second , fifth and seventh fret .
va	NN	Her eyes sparkle a familiar shade of deep sea blue .
va	NNS	The vice president in charge of the sub-division of Emerging Nations has kept his duties and reporting excellently organized and efficient . "
va	NN	Swallowing against the lump in his throat , he pulled her warm body flush to his .
va	NN	" Always so genuine , " Lia said , a hint of sharpness to her singsong tone .
va	NN	And she waved her spoon at me .
va	NN	So when I buy a little blouse on sale for 30 percent off , I feel guilt .
va	NN	It made her shiver to think about it .
va	NNS	" I 've checked the signatures .
va	NN	He held a harness out , clearly expecting her to step into it .
va	NN	He just got his balance back in time , but not before he had heard a snigger coming from the Apprentice .
va	NN	As before , he had a long scratch down one side of his neck and a blue bruise on one cheekbone .
va	NNS	My stomach turned circles , and I clutched the armrest .
va	NNS	I handed out clues with confidence .
va	NN	We have a troublemaker over here .
va	NNS	We watch movies or TV after dinner .
va	NN	I 'm finding my Zen . "
va	NNS	David , you can 't have private conversations with Emily and expect me not to wonder what it 's about .
va	NNS	Instinctively , Dagger quickly focuses his scans and begins recording the transmissions .
va	NN	As if in answer , something made a ping inside her bag .
va	NNS	Today we won 't be doing any treatments , just taking samples to determine suitability .
va	NN	" I have terrible aim . "
va	NN	The walk followed the same pattern as the previous ones .
va	NN	He was rubbing my forearm .
va	NN	His heart began a race inside his chest once more .
va	NNS	Her mouth was spouting commands and issuing statements he wouldn 't allow from any of his staff under any circumstances .
va	NN	" Maybe , " I said , appreciative of how earnest he seemed .
va	NN	And then I noticed the scar .
va	NNS	He counts the survivors , a dozen in total .
va	NNS	" You don 't know my cousins .
va	NN	Then he heard the safety click off and the firm words , " Put your hands behind your head . "
va	NN	Greg , Simon and I drag a large wooden container over and place it in front of the door just as the door threatens to burst open .
va	NN	I felt odd needing permission to get into my own house but I didn 't have my key with me .
va	NN	And she had a hat to match : In her time alone , while Aaron reviewed his stock portfolio , she designed hats .
va	NN	The Regent got to his feet again and started pacing , his face a mixture of thought and anguish .
va	NNS	I pulled two slugs out of my pocket , and inserted them into the chambers of the sawed off cannon .
va	NN	I have a bride to be , I have a time , and I have a place , and I have all of you .
va	NNS	They might give us clues . "
va	NN	I tried a grimy light switch , knowing full well it was no use .
va	NNS	Why would you have such firm curtains ? "
va	NNS	The lopsided boards that framed the window extended splinters that looked like comforting hands .
va	NNS	We had no guarantees of safety .
va	NN	It was heading north .
va	NN	Now that I have lost that position , I can feel the tug toward resentment , as strong and sure as a hand around my arm .
va	NNS	The smell of the red soil pierced his nostrils .
va	NN	The wind blew around the giant pine above him and made it creak .
va	NN	She sent him quick wink .
va	NN	Where had he gotten this limb and why was he collecting firewood now ?
va	NNS	" You know the Ewald studies . "
va	NN	The kid with no face saved the school teacher who had a love affair with a student .
va	NN	Together they placed the dough on the sheets , spacing each cookie far enough apart that they wouldn 't spread into each other when heated .
va	NNS	He felt hundreds of eyes focused on him .
va	NN	Time travel pun ! )
va	NN	I heard shouting and a strange , savage howling .
va	NNS	The starship made several circles around each of them as a sign of thanks .
va	NNS	He had no intentions of just giving up , so he dove into the most aggressive treatments he could find .
va	NNS	" Did Mitch 's wedding give you and Tara any ideas ? "
va	NN	He tipped his hat .
va	NNS	One was making progress notes in a patient 's chart ; the other was eating a candy bar and reading a movie magazine .
va	NN	" Don 't lose ' im .
va	NN	He pulled off his tie , shoes , and suit coat .
va	NNS	They robbed government coaches , stealing countless letters and untold quantities of gold .
va	NNS	And that meeting had shaped their hopes and dreams for the next ten years .
va	NNS	" What types of animals are on the island ?
va	NN	Josie took advantage of his blindness to pump her fist in triumph .
va	NN	I knew that much -- there was flat racing and jump racing .
va	NNS	And John heard the sadness in her voice .
va	NNS	I saw my paintings almost immediately , once I started looking .
va	NN	I could not see the airfield or anything around me .
va	NNS	I 've missed way too many of my best friend 's shows .
va	NN	I love my kingdom , love my people .
va	NN	I really never would learn this land 's layout .
va	NNS	Within minutes , I finished the sodas and devoured the crackers , and , having satisfied my appetite , my exhaustion became complete .
va	NNS	He grabbed two water bottles from a relief station , drinking one in a long continuous swallow and then pouring the other over his head .
va	NN	I saw the red light click off and then on again , and I looked at the script in my hands one last time .
va	NN	They simply made it a habit to be loud , obnoxious and very rude to the locals .
va	NN	Luxury homes dotted the hillside along Lincoln like embedded jewels , and palm trees lined the boulevards .
va	NNS	Gabriel seductive chuckle raised goose bumps all along my skin .
va	NNS	" My ever patient teacher has given hints to your complicated job . "
va	NN	Once in Oakland , he took the Harrison Street exit and turned right .
va	NN	Black dominated the decor .
va	NN	We 're monitoring her brain activity . "
va	NN	He took another sip of his beer , and his voice took on a more serious aspect .
va	NN	As the metal base was heating , Daniel explained the principle of using the partially cut board to regulate the pressure in the cannon .
va	NNS	The sight brings sadness and anger to almost every heart .
va	NNS	Jake could see the straps of a dainty bra .
va	NN	Swirling the cloak around himself , he drew up the hood , becoming hidden in shadow .
va	NN	They didn 't tire and they screamed a lot .
va	NN	" You have some nerve ! "
va	NNS	I proceeded downstairs to see what my missing fiancé was up to .
va	NN	Alec finds a latch on the side of the box and pulls the boarded door down .
va	NN	Assuming that Pauling was doing the same thing north of the house they had every angle of approach covered between them .
va	NN	I savored her comment , picturing Connor 's smiling face .
va	NN	In another four hours he strapped the medical capsule into a berth in one of Bonne Fortune 's cabins .
va	NN	He mounted the boardwalk , turned again , and fired the rest of his loads into the charging crowd .
va	NNS	It failed miserably . "
va	NNS	He could ponder his foolishness later .
va	NNS	Rourke and Ray were fighting demons at the top .
va	NN	Gordon is now leading his female companion inside after watching her stumble along blindly .
va	NNS	Lucian , a powerful ancient , had easily changed his thought patterns and aura to those of his twin .
va	NNS	They broke their oaths to become explorers .
va	NN	Talk to The Dominion , " his eyes cut to Callum , " you request an audience with the Oracles . "
va	NNS	And I can 't feel any other unicorns , either .
va	NN	Then , after she laughed in your face , you 'd probably make some stupid comment or stutter like an ... an oaf , for a while .
va	NN	I recognize the old coaxing charm in Quinn 's voice that these days he reserves for the servants .
va	NN	She began the Order of Fae ' ri . "
va	NN	Helen grabbed the note pad and stormed out of the room , furious with him for putting her into a corner like this .
va	NN	One last glance and her liquid courage decided the reflection this time looked much better .
va	NN	Or we hand the Pack over to someone else . "
va	NNS	And I still didn 't know the identities of the victim or the killer .
va	NN	You could have given me brain damage or something .
va	NNS	" Over the past decades , archaeologists have uncovered three such ancient forests on the surface of the continent .
va	NN	I organized the food , no one is hijacking my picnic . "
va	NN	I could see the outline of a spear in his hand .
va	NN	He had a flashlight with one of the ladies ' blouses over the lens , and he was pointing it toward the ceiling .
va	NN	" They 've been monitoring my activity for some time .
va	NNS	She 'd neatly stored the measurements in her head .
va	NN	While Lola went to get dressed , Roach , Minos and Casino made a serious dent in Stark 's supply of expensive brandy .
va	NNS	Thank God none of them saw the contents .
va	NN	" What gives you the courage to resist ? "
va	NNS	After he was done scrubbing the floor , John dumped the wash bucket 's contents overboard and climbed up to the crow 's nest .
va	NNS	She felt his soft responsive sighs , thick and heavy and from the chest .
va	NNS	All of the students and teachers scrambled over rocks , and gasped when they saw a hidden entrance leading to a man-made cave .
va	NNS	Something in those words pricked my inner alarms .
va	NN	Kenny couldn 't help nodding .
va	NNS	To her surprise , it swung inwards with barely a creak .
va	NNS	I 'd lay you odds she went to the hospital to see what was going on . "
va	NN	He pulled the amulet back toward him and looked down at it in dismay .
va	NNS	One had varying shades of blacks , whites and grays .
va	NNS	He heard footsteps just outside his cage .
va	NN	Dammit , I 've got a mole in this prison , and he told me we don 't have much time . "
va	NN	After a time she pushed the slim willow into the hole and stamped on the dirt around the base .
va	NNS	Make up your minds ! "
va	NN	Mariah checked her appearance in the mirror .
va	NNS	Albert dropped two one hundred dollar bills on the counter .
va	NNS	Inside , he saw twin sparks of hope and ingenuity .
va	NNS	But none of their conversation offered him any openings to ask about Dumont .
va	NNS	Knowing Lukas , loving him , even for that short time , was worth all the doubts and misery and loneliness that had followed .
va	NNS	" So you take cases where the body location is known ? "
va	NNS	I pick up my drinks from the counter .
va	NNS	Once opened , the box drew the demons from their hiding places , holding them captive as even hell had been unable to do .
va	NN	And she had betrayed Antonietta 's confidence without a single thought .
va	NNS	She herded her chicks to the empty living room .
va	NN	Her face has turned an ashen shade of white .
va	NNS	So I gathered up the final scraps of my Ice magic ... and let loose with it .
va	NN	At her next visit to Nellie , Meg eventually scraped up enough courage to ask the question that had been troubling her .
va	NN	His face registered deep concentration .
va	NN	Angus regained his former composure .
va	NNS	" I like paper towels . "
va	NN	Afterward , she held the necklace up to the light and smiled .
va	NNS	Always count the cubes before you start play .
va	NN	The sound of him taking another long contemplated drag from his cigarette filled the gap .
va	NN	Sure he got the gist of it .
va	NNS	" I am finishing these notes ; I will meet you all in my patents room in a minute . "
va	NNS	Third division protects the top officials of government and the National Workers ' Party .
va	NN	She carried a cane at her side to ease the pressure she put on her aching ribs as she walked .
va	NN	Yang held the shotgun against his shoulder .
va	NN	A paraffin film sealed the pores of the spear to prevent the premature evaporation of the nerve agent .
va	NN	Jessie had discovered Sarah 's bracelet and contented herself with trying to untie the links .
va	NN	Gene nodded his agreement .
va	NNS	Light from the street painted narrow strips of yellow around the edges of the blind .
va	NN	I felt magic surge in Nina too , and I was quick to chastise her .
va	NNS	They have no tongues . '
va	NNS	I sensed the animals near me , and all the insects and creatures I could not name became part of me and I of them .
va	NNS	" Don 't make reservations for tonight .
va	NN	He suppressed the atavistic dislike of being exposed in the moonlight long enough to get to his destination .
va	NNS	" Close the shutters ! "
va	NN	He stooped over the pile , picked up a metal chair leg and waved it around like a baton .
va	NN	The chair squeaked , rolled an inch backward .
va	NNS	He had cancelled more important appointments in order to be in Jerusalem when key decisions were being made about the Temple project .
va	NN	Then he drops the pad and the pen to his lap .
va	NNS	Did Joe ever make promises he didn 't keep ?
va	NN	Adrienne took another sip of her coffee , thinking how odd it was to hear him saying her name .
va	NNS	" We saw the world , for just a few moments , we saw the storms .
va	NN	Darby took the page and raised it to within six inches of his face .
va	NNS	Massive predatory birds crowded the skies .
va	NN	He ran his forefinger and thumb over his eyebrows before returning to his magazine .
va	NNS	Anna glared at her mechanical hands then clenched her fists .
va	NN	I am helping a new church member with a home upgrade in the Twin Lakes area , though . "
va	NN	Sye turned the orb over in his hands , " I thought this is what Scorn was after . "
va	NNS	When it was clear , I 'd get my bearings back and figure out my location .
va	NNS	And like most families , we have our hidden demons . "
va	NNS	She could see the tops of trees , hear the murmur of traffic , and - Sebastian .
va	NNS	She 's researching stem cells for a science paper . "
va	NNS	It didn 't come in on the same line the usual helicopters used , but it was a sight for sore eyes , nevertheless .
va	NN	" Barr placed the cone . "
va	NNS	You had all the clues .
va	NNS	" Of course she checked her sources ! "
va	NNS	A border of sunlight ringed the curtains of the hotel room , signaling morning .
va	NNS	They set out watches and checked over saddles and equipment .
va	NNS	He sputtered a few sentences only to be quieted by a word from his wife .
va	NNS	" You can 't see any souls ? "
va	NN	I can barely hear the electric whine of the engine .
va	NNS	Board or no board , Reyes was setting some boundaries .
va	NNS	Maybe I should call Lukas .
va	NNS	He brushes the curls off his forehead and stares at his flip-flops .
va	NNS	He had seen decimated crop fields that would not produce a yield that year with a harsh winter looming .
va	NNS	He got instructions to Marlena to go and find out as much about the powers of your family before taking them out .
va	NN	In addition , we 'll place a small garrison here -- to help safeguard your town .
va	NNS	I have boxes of clothes back home .
va	NN	He produced a crumpled comic , pushed my coffee cup to one side and put the comic in front of me .
va	NN	The guys all had their shirts off and even Hailey had shed her cardigan and was now in a thin strapped tank .
va	NN	He set the barrel upright , saluted the baron and left .
va	NNS	No other species could withstand the high temperatures and humidity for any length of time without being cooked , yet his people thrived here .
va	NN	" When you give birth and everything ? "
va	NNS	John Harker had committed two grievous sins in this life .
va	NN	Don 't take advantage of that . "
va	NNS	Several people gave him some ideas that seemed worth looking into , but none of the ideas excited him .
va	NNS	As much as it killed me , I fired Jeremy and all his employees , those who hadn 't already quit .
va	NN	He didn 't see the red sparks , but he had a feeling he would soon .
va	NN	Mason eyed the pallet .
va	NN	Take your lunatic bullshit and get out of my house . "
va	NN	Greg had the ominous suspicion he was planning something .
va	NNS	" Alistair could burn entire cities to the ground if he wished .
va	NNS	" You 've been acting a little nuts lately .
va	NNS	" Unlike most brats .
va	NNS	My landlady didn 't leave notes .
va	NN	I have some extra lotion in the closet there . "
va	NN	Jimmy suggested casual y. " I can just about do it , if you want . "
va	NN	Not surprisingly , at the turn of the 21st Century Christianity saw a total membership of nearly 2 billion people .
va	NN	I gulped back some awkward nervousness and then shifted so I could face Mallory Hunter head on .
va	NN	He had found the Bull .
va	NN	The man took the hint , and closed himself out of the room .
va	NNS	Fresh air reaches my nostrils .
va	NN	Her green eyes held a curious mixture of joy and sorrow .
va	NN	Jesse saw Dax dive through a solid wall and guessed it was a portal .
va	NN	Seth 's eyes shone brighter .
va	NN	Joan checked the schedule .
va	NN	And even worse , she could feel the intensity of his passion in the hardness that now pressed against her leg .
va	NN	He would have smelled the tequila on her from a mile away and held her up when she stumbled .
va	NN	To the side , Major Ryan picked up his helmet and placed it back on his head .
va	NN	Pulled back his cuff .
va	NNS	Rock stars and actresses and billionaires had mansions there .
va	NNS	I 'll show you my latest drawings . "
va	NN	Pen demands over the roar of apparitions and weapons and screams .
va	NNS	The Pack changed their cells more often than an infant soiled their diaper .
va	NNS	" I 'd guess ... late thirties , maybe even forty . "
va	NNS	I shake my curls .
va	NN	As a precaution , she kept the sedan between her and the doors to the hotel .
va	NN	Smoke selected a hunk of beef .
va	NN	" I have searched the entire kingdom for a wife .
va	NNS	' Sure , we could build skyscrapers or castles .
va	NNS	" With the death of her parents , Sarah inherited five hundred acres of prime land .
va	NN	In only a few seconds , I heard the click of the door unlocking and I climbed in .
va	NNS	He needed tons of liquor just to have a conversation with me .
va	NN	The bobby was down on one knee nearly throttling the young fellow .
va	NN	She could just hear the murmur of voices outside of her window .
va	NN	" I got the ambition , the crew . "
va	NNS	I have all these cases . "
va	NN	His voice turns icy .
va	NNS	" I 've left some messages for him .
va	NN	She considered his request and then nodded .
va	NN	The researchers had a theory . "
va	NN	Several delegates mumbled agreement .
va	NN	Now he wanted a damn cigarette .
va	NNS	When I opened my eyes I saw Matthias staring at me .
va	NNS	They have made their own farms , and estates , and with some justice consider themselves entitled to be masters of their own fate .
va	NNS	She threw her fists out to the sides and stomped the ground with her oversized black combat boots .
va	NN	One sweet gentleman used a walker ; almost all of them had handicapped parking stickers .
va	NNS	' Who puts passages inside the walls ?
va	NNS	Dad always had various white-collar jobs , but his real love was being outside , doing things with his hands .
va	NN	When Tony was satisfied that there wasn 't a threat to himself or the other officers he picked up his radio and said " code four . "
va	NN	The Sea Dancer had a crew of 120 officers and men , displaced 297 tons , and had a hull length of 123 feet .
va	NN	" They 've got a stretcher - and there 's someone on it . "
va	NNS	He must have overheard my intentions .
va	NN	Did anyone see the shooter ? "
va	NNS	Something frightened the Indian tribes and drove them to wipe out the Nephites . "
va	NN	If anything happened tonight , it could fracture their already tentative alliance .
va	NN	She felt a light tug on her arm , near her elbow .
va	NN	James could smell their nectar from where he was sitting .
va	NN	With my foot going numb , I gave it one more kick .
va	NNS	I want authenticity opinions in 400 seconds . "
va	NNS	Her cheeks turned bright pink and sound erupted from between her lips .
va	NN	His expression held the softness he showed only to her .
va	NNS	He and Teresa had both used the word patterns right before he left her .
va	NN	Riley took a sip of her seltzer and cranberry juice .
va	NN	' Go to the craft room now , you can watch TV until lunch .
va	NN	You really do go cross eyed if you masturbate too much . "
va	NNS	Report your findings back to me ASAP .
va	NNS	I sure as hell don 't want any witnesses ! "
va	NN	You have no law to leave your prison here .
va	NN	He 'd taken great delight in describing the sights and sounds of the many places he 'd been , knowing she would enjoy the descriptions .
va	NN	Swim practice started the last period of school and extended an hour and a half after school was over .
va	NNS	" She 's confused the facts . "
va	NN	" Help our court .
va	NN	Bill needed a plant manager for the soon to open Plant 1 in Oakland , California , so the timing was perfect .
va	NN	I 'll send a maid to assist you in dressing . "
va	NNS	Though Devon 's hold had to be hurting him , Matthew showed no signs of it as he continued to watch Cassie .
va	NNS	You going alone risks your life and that of our son ... if we really think he 's there somewhere .
va	NN	I could take a hint and gladly took one now .
va	NNS	She went downstairs and offered a cover story that Aunt Caroline had a bad night 's sleep and wanted to sleep in .
va	NN	The man in black slipped his hood back .
va	NN	He aimed a handgun at the man in the sweater vest .
va	NN	The clocks were chiming midnight as they waited for their new Head of Council to arrive and take his seat .
va	NNS	She 'd had three brownies , but everyone knew that the calories didn 't count when a man had pissed you off .
va	NNS	He flung the remnants of his pastry upon the table , " How dare you !
va	NN	What possible advantage could it serve ?
va	NN	Their branches had formed a lace of roof above us .
va	NNS	Her screams drove pangs into Earl 's chest .
va	NN	' Got a double homicide .
va	NNS	He wore thick robes , soaked completely through .
va	NN	He caught the tube to Putney Bridge and stuck posters wherever he felt best .
va	NN	He settled his elbow comfortably amongst the grimy litter of documents on the console worktop .
va	NN	Finally , the teacher gave them an assignment that they had to do on their own , and Bradley finished it really fast .
va	NNS	I say nothing and Verity jumps up to her feet .
va	NNS	We had thrown ideas back and forth throughout the weeks about how we would pay for it .
va	NN	She took a long sip of wine , just as an excuse to give herself more time to come up with an answer .
va	NNS	Angelina clenched her fists .
va	NNS	I felt jabs in my side and when I carefully opened my eyes , I saw my dad staring down at me .
va	NNS	Can we take our boundaries inside ?
va	NNS	She took hits , but kept on trucking .
va	NNS	You 've got celebrities shooting up heroin and snorting cocaine and slapping tattoos on their asses that have misspelled words .
va	NNS	During all of these years he and I didn 't have a relationship , was he building friendships with everyone ?
va	NN	Pork was getting a good price and they 'd been able to buy another horse and a small wagon .
va	NN	I 'll wash off the salve . "
va	NNS	They assimilated aspects of the creature -- its cannibalistic bloodlust -- self-created mutations . "
va	NNS	You do not free the cities , as you believe , but damn them .
va	NN	The emotions I am feeling do not tame the wild beast within me . "
va	NNS	But they did send out recordings of events ... and with enough practice , Kincaid could peer through those events and pick out certain truths .
va	NN	I feel the vehicle shift with the loss of his weight .
va	NNS	She should be thanking these two strangers , yet couldn 't find the words .
va	NN	Lydia 's voice showed her impatience , and she silently berated herself .
va	NNS	The boys were wearing polo shirts and shorts .
va	NN	How can we know the context of Hope 's wish ?
va	NNS	" That 's it , " I say miserably .
va	NN	The woman was shining a flashlight at the wooden boards while the man rummaged through a duffel bag on the ground next to him .
va	NNS	The words sent shivers running through me .
va	NN	" Just lay off the gossip .
va	NNS	Engine made several loud clicks but refused to start .
va	NNS	No doubt it costs thousands a night , although a guy like Captain Jack probably had it comped .
va	NNS	" Contact my sources .
va	NN	I shut off the TV and my computer and my phone .
va	NNS	The first involved the individual slaves ; in the second , several groups of five women sold for one price .
va	NN	He couldn 't control the utter bewilderment in his voice .
va	NNS	All of them took showers when there was no real need , and most of them found they enjoyed it .
va	NNS	" And I had hopes of seeing this room finished soon .
va	NN	See that small hatch ?
va	NN	She took another sip of her chocolate raspberry coffee and checked her watch .
va	NNS	I jerked away from Patch , mouth gaping .
va	NNS	There were fallen curtains everywhere , resting in lumpy piles .
va	NNS	The gray , wet day matched my spirits .
va	NNS	She felt the edges of the hole to find how big it was .
va	NN	They have stamina , that 's for sure .
va	NNS	" You don 't get cows at all . "
va	NNS	He loved Becca 's inquiries .
va	NNS	He had reviewed all the messages between Wall and Swanson so he put a link between them and added a few comment boxes that detailed the communication .
va	NN	She sniffed the pile to see if there were a few scraps left for Shema , but it smelt like there was nothing .
va	NN	" With that kind of credentials , why doesn 't Sadi 's wife have a court ? "
va	NNS	Many drew their pistols , or leveled their swords toward the raging crowd .
va	NN	But on that day , Frank had difficulty .
va	NN	" I don 't expect this venture to be overly dangerous , but if things go wrong , it could get messy fast .
va	NNS	After that he would be able to perform the department 's mandatory fitness of duty evaluation to prove he could fulfill the duties of his position .
va	NNS	There are shouts and running footsteps behind me .
va	NN	The second time he got stepped on , he took the hint and retreated downstairs to the parlor used by the court .
va	NN	The doctors peered along the corridor before wheeling the stretcher into an empty room .
va	NNS	Jeff frowned ridges into his forehead .
va	NNS	Some of the bigger shifters hang around the edges of this gang - the panther , the bear .
va	NNS	" My sister loves the old standards .
va	NN	Here take the riding crop , whip me . '
va	NNS	His scowl outlined the planes of his cheeks .
va	NNS	" We 've got some ideas . "
va	NNS	" According to David , the artisan has completed the beds , so I anticipate being able to move in soon .
va	NN	The smartly dressed gentleman sitting in the dirty blue Vauxhall keyed his mike , " Heading north , " he said and tucked in several cars behind .
va	NNS	Maybe dolls gave Ellie the shivers .
va	NNS	" You can earn stamps for forty or fifty thousand tickets .
va	NN	He would often join the gang when any other fight was going down , even after he moved up to working in the club .
va	NN	" I need the freedom .
va	NN	They had purchased a suitcase at the drug store so that it would appear they had more things than they actually did .
va	NN	" If your next buyer likes muted light more than direct overhead lighting .
va	NNS	He reached the animals and grabbed his horse 's reins .
va	NN	We have therefore supported his campaign from the beginning .
va	NN	Few had the skill to pull that off .
va	NNS	They must learn the spiritual truths and laws and act accordingly . "
va	NN	He held a cigarette between his fingers , the red tip glowing eerily in the darkness .
va	NNS	He did not like coincidences .
va	NNS	When she wasn 't at my grandma 's house , she was at home making doctor 's appointments for her or taking care of her bills .
va	NNS	Ridley didn 't take off her sunglasses , but I could see the shame anyway .
va	NN	* * * When Piper let herself back into the room , the nurse was applying a bandage over my stitches .
va	NNS	I could feel the nerves in my stomach as I tried to make a decision ; each one was more wound up than the other .
va	NN	When the men arrive , touch up your lipstick and leave your champagne glasses here .
va	NN	Keep the crock pot on low while serving .
va	NN	Ryan picked up the telephone and dialed the number to the twins ' house .
va	NNS	Their warriors guarded the cities and hunted in the jungle .
va	NN	I had seen the one web site , and it was empty .
va	NNS	Gregor ( and Yuri ) , had both gone nuts when she bought her farmhouse .
va	NNS	There haven 't been any more reported demon attacks , but something is definitely stirring .
va	NN	And it felt a little scaly .
va	NN	She admired the lighting and beauty of it .
va	NN	It made every nerve in my body tingle .
va	NNS	" The palace has too many doorways and passages .
va	NNS	AZT kills T-4 cells -- white blood cells vital to the immune system .
va	NNS	I want cherries ! "
va	NNS	But that gave them no clues as to the exact location .
va	NN	Taylor had lost all his trepidation of openly discussing these issues with his mother in law .
va	NNS	Neither one of us had our tops off ; I didn 't much care .
va	NNS	The other men stopped their antics , although Gator stuffed another handful of peanuts into his mouth , crunching while they all waited for his answer .
va	NN	" I have no intention of killing Ryder . "
va	NN	Parker sent up another barrier in his internal wall , grabbed a log and lined it up for his next cut .
va	NN	I would feel nak * d. . .
va	NNS	Once they were all gathered around the altar , Rasputin rested his fists on his hips and looked avidly at the long brown leather tube .
va	NN	Christine , unable to find any lipstick , muttered an impatient curse and began to throw everything out of the drawer in her search .
va	NNS	Albert thanked the officers , stepped down into the bridge , and closed the door .
va	NN	" You should have two more crew for this . "
va	NNS	He could sneeze , if He cared to , and send the rings of Saturn sailing across the galaxy like a giant Frisbee .
va	NNS	At night , the gas torches threw fantastic patterns as chill breezes coming through the windows tousled their flames .
va	NN	" Keep your dick in your pants . "
va	NNS	Estella always dealt sudden deaths , even to those who most deserved lingering ones .
va	NNS	They all had gingham skirts and blouses that were matching in style if not color and everyone except Nora had their hair braided in two pigtails .
va	NN	He leaned the shotgun against the wall in the space between us .
va	NNS	" Besides , I do have some morals , and one of them is never to sleep with a relative .
va	NN	He took aim at the other crows and noticed that both of his hands clasped to his gun .
va	NNS	We could get our nails done or grab a movie ... girly things that she 'd like better than skiing .
va	NN	I slung my gear over my shoulder and headed up the ramp .
va	NNS	She offered us menus , explained the specials for the evening and then gestured to the bartender who immediately brought over a bottle of wine .
va	NNS	He was dressed properly now , trousers and vest and coat .
va	NNS	" We do not dare leave Agnes up here with you alone .
va	NN	He sets his tray down and grabs a beer .
va	NNS	They said their final farewells and got into the car .
va	NN	She handed the leash over and gave me another hug .
va	NNS	That same evening , when Adam logged on to the Internet , he discovered two messages from Ali .
va	NNS	He swallowed great mouthfuls of the man 's flesh , his tongue sweeping the man 's throat and the side of his face .
va	NN	Since smoking was a vice Horace was not yet addicted to , he repositioned his muzzle and closed his eyes .
va	NNS	She hears gunshots , and she stands up .
va	NNS	Trucks carried troops and tanks through Detroit , crossing the main bridge to Windsor , Canada .
va	NNS	Jagger had made the crop circles and Luna wanted me to know it .
va	NNS	As they 'd talked , she 'd recognized signs of some lingering resentment .
va	NN	Bond felt a prickle of sweat on his forehead .
va	NN	She pressed her claw to his cheek .
va	NNS	I always get the weird deals .
va	NN	I heard a thump and the sound of wood splintering .
va	NNS	" I dragged their asses out of the hospital .
va	NNS	" But , where light finds no way to enter , there darkness reigns .
va	NNS	' We 've got tons to see ! '
va	NNS	He grabbed her wrists and again pinned her arms above her head .
va	NN	I took the bait and started pressing him for details .
va	NNS	I left the chains , my overactive imagination not needing to see any more , and something on the water caught my eye .
va	NN	The warm weather and densely packed crowd within made the ventilation a necessity .
va	NN	' Seeking female companion 30 to 40 years old .
va	NNS	He called his pilots and told them to hustle to the airport .
va	NNS	I knew their sins , and was prepared to dole out justice , however long it took .
va	NN	He touched the light scrap of lace that shielded her sex .
va	NNS	We were given many challenges and trials , and we have accepted them . "
va	NN	" Can you make bacon , too ? "
va	NNS	Unlike the ears of the Hopping Grass Eater , some of these creatures had curled or straight horns .
va	NN	She already had a crew , a good crew whom she loved .
va	NN	" My mom is pacing the entryway , waiting for us to stop talking out here and come in the house . "
va	NN	Soon , she 'd stop caring .
va	NNS	She wasn 't wallowing in pity , she was just facing some hard truths .
va	NNS	Issue a few challenges and break a few bones .
va	NNS	It will calm your nerves . "
va	NNS	' Or , ' Johnny said , ' We could not wear West Ham scarves because anyone who doesn 't support them will hate us . '
va	NN	The Warlord tied to the posts let out a howl of agony and then clenched his teeth to stifle the sound .
va	NN	He soon had the habit and was up to two packs a day .
va	NN	He grabbed his canteen , spare ammo , and canteen , then ran back to Webster and did the same .
va	NNS	Hazing He 's making healthy friendships .
va	NN	You pull the tab on top to make it come off ... " Elena stopped as he turned to the door .
va	NNS	A chilly breeze ruffled the curtains and raised goose bumps on her arms .
va	NN	" As I understand it , PODS measures the thickness and hardness of the polar ice cap ? "
va	NNS	I was using these notes as a bookmark but I lost them -- the night Earl went to prison .
va	NNS	My boy didn 't mention any female roommates or girlfriends or anything . "
va	NN	During training sessions we often had an audience , and my incorrigible showoff always put in extra effort for any noises of appreciation .
va	NNS	Then , studiously and laboriously , he had fixed all these workings into his chosen puppets .
va	NN	Burying your own necklace , drawing on the windows .
va	NNS	In the past , the pieces cut random paths through the universes .
va	NN	" Did you really expect a greeting at all , brother ? "
va	NNS	" I have a few ideas about what David might be .
va	NNS	We have faced challenges together and I trust his judgement above most , including his own Father . "
va	NN	Instead , I have a stupid neighbor with his damned dog giving me a headache .
va	NN	He filled the water pot thinking about how long it would take for them to dry out .
va	NNS	" We do other Squire jobs as well , but we 're the ones who are licensed to enforce the Council 's mandates . "
va	NNS	He briskly walked away , relief soothing his nerves as he bolted for the exit .
va	NNS	" I only know legends of Jessica 's predecessor , but I know you knew her intimately . "
va	NNS	Jenna handed my silver earrings to me .
va	NNS	Roland turns three shades of red as he lowers his head .
va	NNS	He had been given very firm instructions to discuss nothing with his driver .
va	NN	He wasn 't sure he would like this friend , but unless he hated the male on sight , he 'd let things slide .
va	NN	Serenity flipped an off switch for it , ' Enough of other peoples fear .
va	NNS	They brought their boxes of special treasures in and showed them off proudly to the grownups .
va	NN	You can 't stay here the amount of time that it will take you to heal completely , but this will help .
va	NNS	Carefully , he braced sections of exhaust pipe against the pallets on the side that faced away from the door .
va	NNS	He made no promises .
va	NN	We have an unspoken agreement not to discuss last night .
va	NNS	He was also sporting black sunglasses .
va	NNS	" When the sorcerer created Vamp City , he duplicated the physical aspects of D.C. , but nothing living conveyed .
va	NN	He heard a loud thrum of energy combined with the snaps of popping static .
va	NN	" Well then , you should keep my fishin ' gear and the little trout . "
va	NNS	Instead of falling asleep as he thought going into a coma might feel like , he saw images .
va	NNS	With his back to the still sleepy Raphael , Calvin admired the bold letters beneath the blue flag .
va	NN	In the kitchen , I didn 't really find a tray , but I did find a rectangular cookie sheet with sides , so I made do .
va	NNS	The midwife was giving them instructions but they really did not hear her , for their attention was so focused on the baby .
va	NN	Truth to tell , anxiety had killed her appetite .
va	NNS	The familiar activity sets their minds at ease and makes them feel useful .
va	NNS	Well , minus the piercings .
va	NN	" One of the detectives had a theory that he was some new species of possum , mutated somehow , and they 'd drawn him with thumbs .
va	NNS	I heard footsteps approaching from the hall , and a moment later the door opened and shut .
va	NN	I understood the director 's obsession .
va	NNS	Celebratory rap music rings out from Higgins 's truck , and Carrie and Marie are encouraging Carter to start a bonfire .
va	NN	I felt an odd rumble in my chest as my brother clapped his hand on my shoulder .
va	NNS	At Beau 's house yesterday , they 'd rehearsed dozens of scenes , and she felt prepared and connected .
va	NNS	He made several unsuccessful movies and was finding it difficult to get work .
va	NNS	It had once had fine carvings worked into the stone but those had been worn down by wind and time .
va	NNS	They had pretty well finished the sections on courts and legislatures .
va	NN	" Not you , you ignorant bitch .
va	NNS	Born of a human man and Faerie woman , he understood both worlds well .
va	NNS	" So you like gardens , huh ? "
va	NN	After a while Boy 412 reached the large grassy mound at the end of the island .
va	NNS	The Buzzard Highway took no prisoners .
va	NNS	We filmed fake battles and sent vid feeds to the media , but people still didn 't care .
va	NN	I take a sip of wine , my stomach ripping itself to shreds .
va	NNS	Her car was parked downstairs and her cell phone was still in her purse .
va	NN	In the distance , Daniel heard the howl of a coyote and , for a second , even thought he heard people sounds .
va	NNS	The boys shared duties with only a little nudging from us .
va	NN	' We do not have much time , Warrior Woman Henrietta , we really must get some witch hunting done before the night is through .
va	NN	I countered suspiciously , " What do you mean ? "
va	NN	As she did , she caught the reflection of herself in the mirror .
va	NNS	The memory of his calm face staring down at me as he carried me in his arms sends flutters through my belly .
va	NNS	" Oh , yeah , we 're toting a few boxes .
va	NNS	" Even then , boys had standards .
va	NN	His white gown glowed brighter than before , like pure snow reflecting the sun 's light .
va	NNS	Gentlemen waiting in the line didn 't hide their lustful gazes as we sauntered towards them .
va	NN	On his second series of visits Linc found his reception much cooler .
va	NN	He encircled the tender , throbbing flesh with one finger , making her burn from the inside out before he finally plunged two fingers deep inside her .
va	NNS	Stone and Mike bumped fists across the table .
va	NNS	" We need drinks . "
va	NNS	The military on the scene has taken the 216 survivors to FEMA concentration camp for further question concerning the terrorist movement . "
va	NN	I would have resented our separation if I didn 't have a boyfriend , too .
va	NNS	He intentionally avoided newspaper stands on the way , and when he got back to the room the television remained decidedly dark .
va	NN	He looked a little puzzled .
va	NNS	Gabrielle studied the documents in astonishment .
va	NNS	Now you must send back these excellent ponies you have borrowed . "
va	NNS	" You should play sports ... or something . "
va	NNS	The girl took the notes and stuffed them in her pocket , looking around as though she expected to see somebody .
va	NNS	" I 've had dealings with Seer before , long ago .
va	NNS	We made sudden stops and looked in mirrors and tied our shoelaces when they didn 't need it .
va	NN	No one was watching the golf anymore .
va	NNS	As I crossed the room , he closed the window shades , sealing out the light .
va	NN	After an excellent dinner of tomato salads and curried snapper , they shared a large serving of vanilla ice cream .
va	NNS	He runs downstairs and goes out .
va	NN	She had taught the procedure to Thomas by repeated drill .
va	NNS	I 'd say his mind stops functioning , but I lack the proof of any other state from which it might stop . "
va	NN	Take your beautiful pony and park her back in a safe garage in an upscale neighborhood where you both belong .
va	NNS	The harbour of the city provided many shady docks , where one could fish out a whole variety of things from the water excluding fish .
va	NNS	I 'd rather eat another dozen mouthfuls of dirt than talk about Josie and what her future would be like with some other man .
va	NNS	did not try these little experiments before prying eyes .
va	NN	You are breaking the law !
va	NN	If we 'd snuck through the back and broke down the door , we 'd have triggered the shotgun .
va	NN	The court reporter completed the tight huddle , and when everyone was in place the Judge softly asked about the man 's affliction .
va	NN	It doubled the amount of smoke , making it harder to see .
va	NNS	After that we can fund new projects out of profits . "
va	NNS	" I mean the death angels ? "
va	NN	Nolan took a sip of coffee and grinned .
va	NN	" Find a new shelter .
va	NN	She let out a yelp and fell back away from John , wiping her face frantically with her hands .
va	NNS	She gripped his forearms , pulling on him , urging him on .
va	NNS	At the moment , Mr. Vella and I were waltzing partners both hoped they were leading yet each being careful not to step on the others toes .
va	NNS	Cassie twisted to the side and clasping her hands together she slammed her fists into his back with as much force as she could .
va	NNS	The Germans waved their pistols for the two of them to proceed back the way they had come .
va	NNS	" I want to move , " I explain miserably .
va	NNS	She had cast enough failed webs to know the feel of it .
va	NNS	The home 's surfaces were all painted shades of dark green to match its surroundings .
va	NNS	" You want guarantees ? "
va	NN	Can you deny her prophecy knowing that if you do you will fail ? "
va	NNS	The raven ruffled its feathers .
va	NN	Vaughn pondered the phrase alien wildlife .
va	NNS	" Well ... do you have any chains ? "
va	NN	Hank grunted an assent .
va	NN	" Then screw the Council .
va	NN	Not for nothing had the Apprentice spent hours at his Master 's Camera Obscura , hidden far away in the Badlands , watching the river .
va	NNS	Apparently he made some inquiries , trying to track you down .
va	NN	The rest of the dinner followed suit with the grape incident , which , Thomas was to later learn was called a ' seta fruit ' .
va	NNS	They smelled the exhaust fumes of the big engines .
va	NNS	" You mean outdoors ? "
va	NN	We 'd completed the first issue in record time , and it was rough , but it was taking shape .
va	NNS	Some read passages of scripture from the Bible , and some told stories about Coach Miller .
va	NNS	They rubbed their sore wrists and shook their numb hands to get the blood flowing again .
va	NN	Harald felt the proximity of the war captain and the death that came with him like they were an icy wind on the nape of his neck .
va	NN	Besides , all those little " repairs " caused her added stress , and she was tinder enough of that without their help .
va	NNS	Eliot placed two bills on the counter , and she took them , setting down his change in the same manner .
va	NNS	We attend different churches now , but we still keep in touch . "
va	NNS	In any case , I suppose my hopes of staying awake until the evening were far flung , given how little sleep I had last night . "
va	NN	" We could give him the Freedom of the Graveyard . "
va	NN	After the press had risen , the worker removed a new panel for a car door .
va	NNS	He could use a few more shirts .
va	NN	The unfortunates receive partial exposure to this treatment to give them a better life , but stopping short of a lethal dose . "
va	NNS	" Isn 't it possible they also conducted experiments on the humans they collected for the dormitories ? "
va	NNS	They studied their menus in silence and they ordered their meals after the drinks were brought to the table .
va	NN	She had attained a degree in education from the University of Georgia .
va	NNS	Dust from the dry earth filled Jon 's nostrils .
va	NNS	" I saw your car downstairs and figured you called in sick in favor of sleeping in . "
va	NNS	Wu Gang brings lanterns shaped as vast lotuses and serpents .
va	NNS	Why did every step involve these personality conflicts ?
va	NN	He would do her the courtesy of accompanying her to her door and then he would leave her .
va	NNS	Jenna was painting her nails and Tammy wasn 't it the mood for any of this .
va	NN	She located her cellphone and tapped the button on the side .
va	NNS	Chase sometimes doubt the ideas of that old man .
va	NNS	When I glanced back up , he was greeting two more perfect specimens of the male species standing at the water 's edge .
va	NNS	Eventually the rigors of poor fertilization wore the orchards out .
va	NNS	I prefer animals to people .
va	NN	It would ease any anxiety when the charges blew at the far end of the tunnel and initiated Operation Saturn .
va	NNS	The man peered over his sunglasses and smiled .
va	NN	Adrenaline made my heartbeat thump in my ears as Jack suddenly appeared at my side .
va	NN	Mrs. Sterling opened the weathered photo album .
va	NNS	" I have a few good ideas now and then . "
va	NN	She found their mixture of French Cajun fascinating .
va	NN	" I sort of have a stalker . "
va	NNS	Behind her , I could see the stacked monitor screens of the control station .
va	NNS	Elise then outlined her migration studies and the impact that would have on Louisiana .
va	NNS	" If only we could get hold of the Sacred Documents ... " " Sacred documents -- what are they ? "
va	NNS	" You also don 't like presents and certain common terms of endearment .
va	NNS	His breath , hot against my rain chilled skin , caused tremors to echo throughout my body .
va	NN	And now the reasonable reader like yourself would probably have reached the limit of his or her suspension of disbelief and start questioning my sanity .
va	NNS	They hauled in festively wrapped presents , plus various contributions to the meal , including three beautiful pies .
va	NNS	" I 've some berries and apples as well . "
va	NN	He could have been walking north , and then stepped off the sidewalk at the cafe , north and east through the traffic . "
va	NNS	" It was getting pretty heated downstairs and I feared for Frank 's life . "
va	NN	" Connect the dots .
va	NNS	He was setting traps out in the countryside where we grew up , and when I confronted him , he laughed at me .
va	NNS	The azalea bushes were blooming and the majestic water feature to the side of the pond had tropical plants and lily pads all around it .
va	NN	On board , after settling into the front of the passenger cabin , they had shared some vodka to celebrate their trip .
va	NN	She felt the brush of his lips so gently over her breast , her heart .
va	NN	Murdered the federal marshal who was protecting her , but he took a bullet that night that nearly severed his spinal cord .
va	NNS	The woman wore shorts and a T-shirt with a spangled neckline ; the man was still in a clean suit .
va	NN	" What do you mean ' another ' culture ?
va	NN	He had no hat to take off , and was painfully conscious of his many missing buttons .
va	NNS	The alcohol had definitely flooded his veins .
va	NN	Let 's break down your issue into sub points , what is troubling you ? "
va	NNS	But in a vacuum , you could settle these cases for a million each . "
va	NN	His injuries from our trip into hell were gone , courtesy of Gemma 's healing powers .
va	NNS	The waitress who was to serve him a beer shrieked and dropped the beverages , spilling it over the dirty wooden floor .
va	NN	She nibbled the stubble along his jawline .
va	NN	I heard the trees rustle in the wind , the river flowing in the distance , and my heart pounding in my chest .
va	NN	He loved his mama and daddy , sent his girlfriend Lindy flowers , performed his job adequately , and went his own way without bothering a soul .
va	NNS	The guard ratcheted two iron cuffs to the man 's wrists .
va	NNS	Pigeon also had Shock Bits in his hand now , Summer was reaching for another handful , and Kyle was digging in his pocket as well .
va	NNS	She put air quotes around the last word , then tapped Dillon 's shoulder and brought her voice up to a normal level .
va	NN	He made haste and left .
va	NNS	He poured the contents into a glass and set it on the counter in front of her .
va	NNS	" Take those boxes to Evangeline 's room . "
va	NNS	I 've milked cows .
va	NNS	Afraid to speak outright to Amber with her thoughts , Tara sang her hints and clues .
va	NNS	Behind the barrels ! "
va	NN	And since she 'd been tending to his grandmother , she 'd worn her usual wardrobe of jeans and a T-shirt .
va	NNS	It still held twin beds , with a nightstand jammed between them .
va	NN	I took a sip and watched my parents over the rim of the glass .
va	NNS	He doesn 't need martial arts to get around in the world . "
va	NN	Alyosha let out a pained grunt .
va	NN	She pulled the stem out .
va	NNS	He took notes on everything the driver said , careful to play the part of an interested student , and the drive passed relatively easily .
va	NNS	This close , she could see small golden flecks in the intense blue of his eyes .
va	NN	He 'd made the request unexpectedly , and only belatedly realized how much her answer mattered .
va	NNS	We gradually speed up , the floor shuddering , trails of dust trickling down on the peoples ' heads below .
va	NNS	She worked two jobs to put food on the table .
va	NN	As Jeremy had planned , they reached the perimeter of their patrolled area about the time of moonrise .
va	NN	You take the west . "
va	NNS	Pomeroy planted his fists on his hips and surveyed the dead body , the pool of blood , and me rifling the desk .
va	NNS	He had his own ideas ... though sharing them would surely wind up with a trip to somewhere even worse than AA meetings .
va	NN	She had done her homework , but it didn 't make her first real political press conference any less terrifying .
va	NNS	She didn 't dismiss the good aspects of living here .
va	NN	" This deserves an audience .
va	NNS	We powered up our lanterns and went outside into the snow .
va	NNS	History remembers kings not mercenaries , knights or warriors .
va	NNS	She always wore flip-flops .
va	NN	He must have heard the pebble I 'd thrown , because his eyes immediately traveled up , trying to pinpoint the sound .
va	NN	I felt Duke 's gaze shift to me in the background , but I didn 't turn to look at him .
va	NNS	She felt dizzy , weak ... terrified .
va	NN	Despite the way I look , all deformed and freakish , Freak can obviously detect a hint of bewilderment on my face .
va	NN	" We have second and sixth period together . "
va	NN	Ned felt his anger flare .
va	NN	" Will Mommy get fat now ? "
va	NNS	He picked out some long sleeved shirts and sweaters for the cold season and , of course , some new work boots .
va	NNS	" Yeah , I had high hopes , too but it seems I 'm not as horny as I thought . "
va	NNS	Along with that , she 's always had ideas for stories swimming around in her head .
va	NN	The possibility of a bubble bath popped cruelly out of her mind .
va	NNS	This room oversaw the elaborate palace gardens .
va	NN	Hart had proclaimed his intention of taking a wife to his family at Ascot last year in June .
va	NNS	And by the way , I don 't appreciate my employees talking to me like that .
va	NNS	Besides , we have matters to discuss and another secretary to find . "
va	NN	Then he took a small radio from his pocket and started speaking into it .
va	NNS	Then Lynn hardened her glare and said , " Take the cuffs , Roe . "
va	NN	I almost completely lose my composure !
va	NNS	He could have taken all his mages to Elland .
va	NNS	They had crossed hundreds of miles of open land with little or no food , and they had accomplished it in record time .
va	NN	He did not see his master again all that long afternoon .
va	NNS	His muscles were singing with the power , his arms expanding , his legs pulled upwards as if by unseen hands .
va	NNS	I slit the ropes binding her hands and legs , and , snaking one arm around her waist , leaned her against my body .
va	NNS	After a while he grew hungry and headed downstairs , having first unplugged everything and tucked the wires away out of sight .
va	NN	He already knew a fair amount about her .
va	NNS	" Since when did you heed the opinions of an authority figure ? "
va	NNS	I clenched my fists and walked towards Allen .
va	NN	He took another long sip smiling so broadly that the couple seated at the next table eyed him curiously .
va	NNS	Grace picked the letters up and began reading .
va	NN	The Rev certainly knew his Bible , and he knew a lot of extra scripture besides , verses that had been " left out . "
va	NN	Show your courage and fight for our freedom ! "
va	NNS	Then both women went downstairs to catch up and talk about the loss of their husbands .
va	NNS	The sky featured two suns and numerous moons .
va	NN	" You don 't like lobster ? "
va	NNS	I have high hopes for him , and you are to be another step in his training . "
va	NNS	Emeline nodded briskly and stepped forward so that she and Rebecca now flanked Mr. Hartley in a line .
va	NN	I did student teaching at Valley School district . "
va	NN	Ordinarily , he would never have the nerve to speak to her , but for some reason , he found himself covering the distance between them .
va	NNS	I just won three grand .
va	NN	And you can borrow my red lipstick to really add some oomph to the night ! "
va	NNS	My father had finally broken his restraints .
va	NNS	" We need only the two rings .
va	NN	I passed a tray holding an empty champagne bottle and grabbed it up as a weapon .
va	NN	He pushed the robe from her shoulders , leaving her standing in only a thin cotton gown .
va	NN	After another minute , Caitlin called the maid and told her to take the turkey to the kitchen and heat it up .
va	NN	The light should give us the advantage we need to retake the palace and uproot our enemies . "
va	NN	" Okay , " He felt his fat head nodding .
va	NNS	Someone had wiped sections of the mosaic down , removing centuries of mold and grime .
va	NN	You can only blame curiosity that causes all these problems . "
va	NN	" Took a jog through the woods . "
va	NNS	Yet ten minutes ride from the walls of Blackstone Castle the tongues of the peasants flapped like thirsty dogs .
va	NNS	While Walter took a catnap , I went downstairs .
va	NNS	I had maybe one minute tops to get what I needed and get the hell out .
va	NNS	Sure , the police had taken notes .
va	NN	Nothing about him made him a good prospect for the husband she wanted , for the father of the family she yearned for .
va	NNS	How many experiments was QT involved with exactly ?
va	NN	She pushed him away with both hands , then stood in front of him , chest heaving with emotion .
va	NNS	I 've got dozens of guest rooms .
va	NN	" Even if we did , what assurance do we have that you 'll hand over Mona ? "
va	NN	At the other end they found another barricade and signs of long occupation .
va	NNS	Sure , I 'd seen the videos , but I was discovering that they can 't prepare you for the experience of seeing it live .
va	NN	Caroline shoved a non-functioning radio aside and set down the mashed potatoes .
va	NNS	When she closed her eyes , she saw her neighbors bobbing in the bubbling water .
va	NN	Love took the scenic route to Stuart 's house via the Serpentine .
va	NNS	" Have you had more than five sexual partners ? "
va	NNS	I can see the blue orbs again , flowing down and away from Tam in an almost perfect straight line .
va	NNS	" Grab more blankets . "
va	NNS	I have no bars and I need to call Aunt Maggie and let her know I 'm in one piece . "
va	NN	Herbert wore a worn brown blazer with patches on the elbows .
va	NNS	Just cool your jets inside for a bit .
va	NN	They wouldn 't have been given this assignment if the Steward had known we 'd be away this long . "
va	NNS	The manual had instructions about paddling a canoe , but the process was very simple and she quickly understood what to do .
va	NN	One day he will stand before the Gods and will have to accept what their sentence .
va	NN	The fire gave us incentive . "
va	NNS	" Yes , show the boy his foolishness ! "
va	NNS	I found five boxes of antibiotic cream .
va	NN	I was having a nightmare . "
va	NN	She even had the chamber beneath the earth prepared for one of his kind .
va	NNS	Ben gave me instructions from the doorway .
va	NN	Then Arn shouted out to the warriors , " We no longer follow the Holy Book but we are still strong . "
va	NN	Her comment pricks my curiosity , but she continues before I can ask her about it .
va	NN	He denounced the temptation of Satan and left the desert far behind him .
va	NNS	Yes , the Society cats will have their claws out , but we don 't need to live in Society .
va	NNS	After taking note of the number , Frank headed downstairs and made his way back to the café .
va	NN	I du n no .
va	NN	I had a procedure scheduled for early afternoon , and I was tight for time .
va	NNS	" I have my sources .
va	NN	When I leaned the painting forward , I saw the photograph I 'd taken of Ruth and Daniel so long ago .
va	NN	What kind of ... " Mark regained his balance on the rock that he had been sitting on .
va	NN	I hadn 't trusted Jude , I hadn 't given him the benefit of the doubt before .
va	NN	He had an ad up on Craigslist .
va	NNS	Ava fed her ice chips to help with her dry mouth .
va	NNS	Above his office he took all the computers and connected them into a pair of old aviator goggles at his desk .
va	NNS	I fire a few bullets until I manage to take out his front tires .
va	NN	Bart poked his elbow in Al 's ribs .
va	NN	" You can 't just change someone 's birthday ! "
va	NN	Much like the daily variation in bands , each night had its own vibe , and each crowd its own personality .
va	NN	Kate let out another squeak , but he ignored her , bending down to look Robert in the face .
va	NNS	It was fully stocked : glass bottles of spring water , exotic teas , kombucha blends , a few fancy Belgian beers .
va	NNS	No , I clenched my fists , running as fast as I could .
va	NN	I waved away his comment .
va	NNS	Andrew removes some contents from his bag which I recognize as our bathing suits .
va	NN	The breeze from its landing blew a sick stench towards the men that made them gag .
va	NNS	It opens up the channels between the normal and the paranormal , allowing access to the reserves of energy available at the far end of the spectrum .
va	NN	The gang ignored my van , which was probably a good idea .
va	NN	How long until you get the heater ? "
va	NNS	Trevor could hear rapid , receding footsteps heading towards the main doors , which slammed loudly and caused the Perspex window to vibrate as usual .
va	NNS	She grinned wickedly , and I wondered what the hell I did in a past life to deserve this .
va	NNS	My eavesdropping - both with my ears and with my mind - eventually gave me enough clues to narrow down the search .
va	NNS	" We should grab flashlights for them . "
va	NN	Your Actions Have Taken Money From Those Who Had Little Enough To Begin With .
va	NN	Cautiously hopeful , because he hadn 't thought there would be any chance of her being pleased , he raised the tray to catch her attention .
va	NNS	Come on , spill the beans . "
va	NN	I set her suitcase in the corner and walked over to the bed .
va	NN	Sam finished off all the fruit in the bowl .
va	NNS	Trying to keep prices down they say ... Price wars ?
va	NN	Their weapons launched ray after ray of destructive energy upon their targets .
va	NNS	Obviously , he needed more challenges if a refusal from a woman caused more excitement in him than making a billion dollars on a new merger .
va	NN	Unfortunately for Roni , she saw the changing of Xander 's essence and knew exactly what it meant .
va	NN	He knew his affect on women , but there were some that were drawn to him even more than others .
va	NN	Tessa sat bolt upright .
va	NN	" The point is , I don 't have a clean slate .
va	NN	The tone of his voice had a hint of anger in it .
va	NN	The vending machine gave him a wink as a red lamp backlit some important looking kanji characters and flashed on and off .
va	NN	Just add prison jumpsuit and oncoming train .
va	NN	When we reached Thornton 's office , Dr. Allen showed me a pile of papers he 'd cleaned and stacked neatly on a blacktop desk .
va	NNS	We lay down the blankets and sprawl out in a circle .
va	NNS	Bird had given me detailed instructions on how to get to it , but somehow we missed a number of his landmarks .
va	NNS	To look my demons in the face and send them scurrying .
va	NNS	" He 's paying off student loans . "
va	NN	They were following the stream .
va	NN	That maintained the hierarchy in the proper order .
va	NNS	When dressed for the day he would make his way downstairs to the kitchen to eat breakfast with his family .
va	NN	They have a water heater , but I don 't think we rigged it for them .
va	NN	My tongue rubbed her clit , and I held her high up above me on the wall .
va	NN	" I totally screwed up his campaign . "
va	NN	While the oven heats up , she rolls out dough for pizza on a cookie tray .
va	NN	I shared the sentiment .
va	NNS	People bought pickup trucks as a first preference , then SUVs , then coupes , then convertibles .
va	NNS	' So there were extenuating circumstances . '
va	NNS	" Break out your shorts and T-shirts ! "
va	NNS	She was back in her apartment a year ago reading Jeff 's messages and having her whole world collapse around here .
va	NNS	She stated the facts sincerely .
va	NN	She ruthlessly dredged up every shred of information she could remember about the serial killer .
va	NNS	Or at least he should 've switched brands .
va	NN	She took a sip , savoring the creamy , sugary , chocolate concoction .
va	NN	Coffee held little appeal to him , and he needed the numbing quality of alcohol .
va	NNS	" We don 't have any rabbits . "
va	NN	" I got the bitch and you can have her back if you let me out of here ! "
va	NN	She used a second rubber wedge to prop Charley 's mouth open even wider and went to work .
va	NNS	See all the years gone by In faded garments , how they crowd the sky , And surge up from the ocean of our Guilt .
va	NNS	" I make no promises .
va	NNS	The diamond cuff links and tailored perfection of him contrasted with her memories of their raw , heated night together .
va	NNS	For every one of them , I can summon a thousand demons .
va	NN	The Rossi Carpet Saver Incorporation , a family owned business , set the standard for valuing its employees .
va	NNS	Perhaps she stood downstairs .
va	NN	She feels her wife 's arrival on her eyelids , a finger of heat down her cheeks .
va	NN	She walked her bike up closer , biting her lip so hard she could taste her own blood .
va	NNS	" Tomorrow , you 'll receive replacement troops .
va	NNS	Gideon clenched his fists as a fiery fury raced through him , not for a moment believing anyone but Tristan was responsible for Simone 's kidnapping .
va	NN	He had completely betrayed her confidence .
va	NNS	With a curt nod after confirming her story , they used their badges to let her through .
va	NNS	Brooke checked the reception bars on her phone .
va	NN	She grabbed his sleeve and squeezed hard so he couldn 't walk away .
va	NNS	Slow sure steps , the sun catching the edges of his clipped mane , and then I could see her .
va	NNS	" The Tribune has no job openings , and there 's a waiting list . "
va	NNS	Mike clenched his fists in anger and , fueled by that anger , made his way to his feet .
va	NNS	I tried a few mental exercises .
va	NNS	Quickly , the three-man teams loaded their cannons and took careful aim at the Union battery .
va	NNS	" Her people have good medicines .
va	NNS	You even have ideas that were subconsciously hidden from you .
va	NN	For the record , Daniel didn 't make a habit of speaking rudely to senior citizens .
va	NN	But after a few moments he could tell that she was indeed shoving her couch outside , an inch at a time .
va	NN	Only a lady would say a Taser as a gift was lovely .
va	NNS	" He uses souls as his entertainment ? "
va	NN	She also finds your inability to smile quite taxing . "
va	NN	Charles drew a map of Florida closer .
va	NNS	" Where did you find the earrings ? "
va	NNS	Some of the carriages had ladies and children in them , while most of the men were on horseback .
va	NN	Nick almost spit his alcohol all over the table .
va	NN	I nearly broke the land speed record getting here . "
va	NNS	Her movements jostled Will 's sunglasses down on his nose .
va	NN	That broke the dam .
va	NN	" I have an associate 's degree in veterinary technology .
va	NN	I wanted that softness everywhere on me .
va	NN	" All right , ladies , move the gossip inside .
va	NN	I considered my hatred now well justified .
va	NNS	Kate pushed the mounds of paperwork away from her , swiveled her chair around , and stretched her legs .
va	NN	By the time she returned , Angela had untied the puppy .
va	NNS	He furrowed his brows .
va	NNS	" What like packages ? "
va	NN	She heard the rustle of clothing and a few colorful curses before he finally spoke .
va	NN	I actually needed her friendship - I 've never met anyone like her before .
va	NN	Then she popped the transmission into Reverse and squealed out of the parking space , leaving him in a cloud of exhaust .
va	NNS	" I can check my data banks . "
va	NN	Greg wore no helmet .
va	NNS	Even when she gave away tons of her collection , what she had remaining weighed a few tons .
va	NN	Fitzwilliam does not often lose his temper .
va	NN	Sierra felt her temper flare .
va	NNS	He heard soft footsteps out in the hall and checked the time .
va	NN	He pressed the small touch pad on the end of the device , and the other man 's body jerked once .
va	NNS	He caught her stays next , loosening them with a dexterity born of experience .
va	NNS	She 's always acting out scenes from movies and TV shows in her room .
va	NNS	Several had long branches that overhung the roof , and I could get to them without being spotted by the cameras .
va	NNS	Alexia counted her blessings .
va	NN	You give yourself a kick in the ass and get up to the house . "
va	NNS	She licked off droplets of water .
va	NNS	I have all this weirdness inside me . "
va	NNS	That evening , over her glass of wine and canned ravioli , she made some notes about the new adjunct shop .
va	NN	Lyons had the bad habit of nodding when on the phone as if the person on the other line could see him .
va	NNS	Everyone lifted their bottles and glasses and toasted Lewis .
va	NN	We also made a tray of baked squash , pumpkin , and yams .
va	NNS	Could he read minds ?
va	NN	He unclipped his radio and spoke .
va	NN	I 've got this little bomb inside me , and Howard 's got the code there clutched in his hand .
va	NN	Daniel flipped his cellphone over and over again in his hand .
va	NN	I held the figurine of the weeping man .
va	NN	Wearing a silly hat ? "
va	NN	On top of that she could smell the alcohol from her mistress ' body .
va	NN	" What about that friend who owns a cattle ranch ?
va	NNS	Her eyes flickered upwards , coyly gauging his reaction .
va	NNS	I have dark circles under my eyes and my hair is grown out more than it 's ever been .
va	NN	But then consider the matches .
va	NNS	She didn 't even hear the falling rocks hit bottom .
va	NNS	Please accept my congratulations . "
va	NNS	What army snatches tens of thousands of us without leaving a trace ? "
va	NNS	Like several continents over .
va	NN	I fisted his erection from the base and slid all the way to the tip , where a few drops of his come covered his head .
va	NNS	I clenched my fists at my sides .
va	NNS	" Very well then , ladies .
va	NNS	" I 'll have my notes to him by then .
va	NNS	" I 've reached the limits of my tolerance for intrigue .
va	NNS	Spark sent two more bullets down its throat , cutting the roar off .
va	NN	" Thanks for the wisdom , oh great teacher .
va	NNS	They 'd gone downstairs again , and sure enough , they 'd located a wedding chapel without too much trouble .
va	NNS	" I would like that , " then she said in a fake serious tone , " but don 't get any ideas ! "
va	NN	John dipped a biscuit into his broth and held it there to soak up the liquid .
va	NNS	Their humor and skill have no bounds , and their recently forged union has proven royally perfect already .
va	NN	Jac heard a thud , together with a shriek from her , and was convinced she 'd been hit .
va	NN	My jaw hit the bedspread .
va	NN	Did you pull a muscle typing ?
va	NNS	High Forest reached upwards in the hazy blue distance ahead .
va	NNS	She couldn 't go vampire badass on these girls .
va	NN	To kill him too , you slimy little bitch ? "
va	NNS	He borrowed five more officers from the State Police .
va	NNS	And the killers throw the rocks ; it 's they who 're doing it .
va	NNS	Collapsed haystacks still held the last mouldering remnants of the previous year 's grass .
va	NNS	" I didn 't think demons worked that way .
va	NNS	Through wet mouths they mumbled pleas and apologies .
va	NNS	" Growing some nice carrots this year ? "
va	NNS	Detecting scam artists and frauds for private foundations and charitable institutions will be one of the services I 'll offer . "
va	NN	' All his life he 's been waiting for this , ' said a cook . '
va	NNS	Her face turned twenty shades of red as she realized the other woman would guess how and when Susannah had viewed Jake 's scar .
va	NN	But first , he had another member of his squadron to visit now that he 'd finished up with Sergeant Randolph .
va	NN	Despite the weight , Thomas raised the hammer like a small stick .
va	NNS	Alex scrunched her brows .
va	NN	You have a beast inside you , and you 'll never be able to feed it enough for it to stop eating you alive . "
va	NNS	Elizabeth examined the documents , opening each of the identity books in turn .
va	NNS	Protect these wagons at all costs .
va	NN	I wouldn 't want the exhaust getting up to the living space . "
va	NNS	Soon they were drinking mugs of hot tea and eating food with great relish .
va	NN	She took off the old hat she 'd been wearing and shook her ponytail out .
va	NN	" I took the twig that was fiddle with in my hand and whipped it at his head .
va	NNS	Cage has crazy ideas .
va	NNS	Damien followed his footsteps towards the source of the breathing noise .
va	NNS	Tom and Cody used large branches to cover their trail as best they could .
va	NNS	In the distance I can see trucks and people moving .
va	NN	It makes a soft click .
va	NNS	She followed his instructions .
va	NN	Lifting the bottle , he turned the label to the light .
va	NNS	Early estimates put the deaths at five million .
va	NNS	Then Shane grabbed her wrists .
va	NN	But Ethan 's given them his blessing to see each other .
va	NN	" You mean our schedule ? "
va	NNS	A good kind of worn out , where the smells induced droplets of pride on the fat of your neck .
va	NNS	But preliminary tests show no signs of Infernal blood .
va	NNS	Sam had goose bumps .
va	NNS	We can 't even shoot our arrows into the enemy for fear of hitting our fearless commander . "
va	NNS	He twisted her wrists sharply and she cried out .
va	NN	I can feel my eyes watering , I can 't help it , I can almost feel his presence all around .
va	NNS	We 'll proudly display the offerings from your kingdoms , just as I know you 'll display ours . "
va	NN	I take the microphone from its stand and begin to walk around freely .
va	NN	I read the writing on the inside panel of the closet and discovered we possessed confiscated drug artillery .
va	NNS	" I had the same problem training deputies . "
va	NN	Footsteps and the rough clearing of a throat announced Jim 's arrival , and a moment later he stood at the door .
va	NNS	Bellamy lowered his fists and stepped away from Daniel , his stoic expression in place .
va	NN	I counted unit after unit , company after company , regiment after regiment of Scottish soldiers , some armed with pike and some with muskets .
va	NNS	But when she saw the news vans in front of her house , she hit the brakes .
va	NN	" You 've got the whole gang coming . "
va	NNS	On the one hand , I feel sadness at the end of an era .
va	NNS	" What can I get you ladies to drink ? "
va	NNS	Not once had he mentioned the circumstances of their parting fifty years ago , but she felt its shadow , even in their happiest recollections .
va	NN	Liv flicked her turn signal .
va	NNS	She added chains to her dungeon wall and her thin lips have plumped out .
va	NNS	I heard more footsteps to my left and then to my right , coming from both sides of the small alley .
va	NNS	He clenched his fists , wishing he 'd been home when David had come to the house .
va	NNS	I mean , you probably moved your curtains during the secret hour . "
va	NN	Lead suffered left wing tank damage .
va	NN	" I take it the good authority was none other than yourself ? "
va	NNS	She plucked two large mugs from the fluorescent green cupboards , and reached for the decanter from the coffee machine .
va	NN	I scrambled upright and pushed through the ferns , keeping low as I ran , not worrying about leaving a trail for them to follow .
va	NN	Diego grabbed a flashlight from his car and ran after him .
va	NNS	She pounded her fists into her brother 's chest .
va	NN	I kept my tone polite .
va	NN	She could feel an awful trembling working its way through her , but she could not stop it .
va	NNS	And where did you get these bottles of whisky from , and that big bag filled with gold pieces ?
va	NNS	He rarely read the right newspapers and magazines to be properly informed and , according to Russell , read all the wrong books .
va	NNS	The madness invaded their minds as they hurried to the house where Toni 's mom used to live .
va	NN	He put the pot on the hot plate and dropped the pre-measured bag of coffee into the machine .
va	NN	" Doctor , it 's high time we had another chat . "
va	NN	She may give you a pill to prevent you from fainting .
va	NNS	We didn 't have nearly enough shuttles for everyone going to Rosa , so the pilots were going to have to make two trips .
va	NNS	You have fulfilled your duties as a daughter .
va	NN	The voice of the storm shook the great mountain to its roots .
va	NNS	I would welcome your troops and your leadership .
va	NNS	As she passed through town , people called out parting farewells .
va	NN	He recalled the plight of Romeo and Juliet , and he wanted no rash actions .
va	NNS	Come on , animals and alcohol ?
va	NN	We had video surveillance of you in the house .
va	NN	" They own this old barn . "
va	NNS	She handed two robes to us .
va	NNS	" Otherwise all of us would lose our jobs and Sean , Santos , Verne , and I would go into a controlled habitat .
va	NN	In addition , when you add the scientific revolution to the equation , you have a perceived conflict of ideas that force both sides to extremes . "
va	NN	She surrendered the spoon , slumped against the granite island , and allowed herself to mourn something she never had in the first place .
va	NNS	She patted her curls into place and turned away from her reflection .
va	NNS	The glass reflected the fireworks that went off in the sky behind Tara and Max , and they both jumped at the boom that followed .
va	NNS	He holds the chain links back so Caleb , Susan , and I can crawl through .
va	NN	She tossed a wink at Lauren .
va	NNS	Despite my stumbling and tripping against him , we climbed down several more levels .
va	NNS	Perplexed , he emptied the contents onto the top of his desk , pilling up papers and notepads as he scoured .
va	NNS	It has the same banners hanging on the walls and the same colossal chair in the center of the room .
va	NNS	He had notes on a folded paper in his back pocket to go over again .
va	NNS	My eyes watched the branches shaking in front of me ; I felt my heart stop as leaves fell to the ground .
va	NN	When her phone , which was tucked into a little zippered pocket in her parka , began to ring , Emily let out a yelp .
va	NN	One of the packs had a large bear fur rolled up and strapped to the top of it .
va	NNS	He arched his brows as if he laughed at her .
va	NN	The Professor chose the corridor to his right and began walking .
va	NN	" You heard the queen !
va	NNS	Eleanor hadn 't left funeral instructions .
va	NN	He will wrap up his tour in Baghdad for the opening of the grandly restored kingdom of Babylon .
va	NNS	By breaking the chain Jake had probably saved hundreds of lives .
va	NNS	They haven 't left any clues . "
va	NN	He would never again ride the ice encased bus out to the mine .
va	NNS	Her eyelids were closed , lashes in wet spikes .
va	NN	And then you can get nak * d for me again and be a naughty girl when I need you . "
va	NN	" Stop the duel ! "
va	NN	It wasn 't until they reached the mud that she realized they were back at the swamp .
va	NN	He balanced the tray of fries and a plastic cup of beer and pulled the stadium seat down with his free hand .
va	NN	She fingers the other sitting Regulator beside her .
va	NNS	They untied the ropes on her hands and feet , put her on a horse and set off on their long , long journey home .
va	NN	His lungs burned for air and his fingers lost their age-old rhythm .
va	NNS	I study the orange marbles and again find myself thinking of that night in Sally 's house , Art holding them up over his eyes .
va	NN	We can take down The Program .
va	NNS	She cursed their rotten souls as they made their way to it , such coarse language for an English woman .
va	NNS	The sun followed my footsteps .
va	NNS	" How will you find these secret entrances ? "
va	NNS	He 's seen the bruises on her arms and face .
va	NN	He 'd shown a new weakness at a time when Lee had a problem .
va	NNS	Ashe ran downstairs as Winkler and Trajan carried Buck inside the beach house .
va	NN	" I have shortened the polymer development cycle by creating multiple small spheres that have different release periods .
va	NNS	He 's made dozens .
va	NNS	He carried the plastic bottles back to the table and put them down .
va	NNS	I quickly found my bearings , though , and realized I wasn 't that far off from one of the large meeting halls the nestlings often scrubbed .
va	NNS	He could hear his pursuers clambering over the fence .
va	NN	I wander the garden , dazed .
va	NNS	Julia loved mixed drinks - she had a bit of mad scientist in her that thrilled at discovering new combinations of flavors .
va	NN	" Just name your price . "
va	NN	Why don 't you try your skill against me ? "
va	NN	He walked upright but stood barely four feet tall , including the six-inch lynx ears .
va	NNS	The gorillas used sign and sound combinations to convey information .
va	NN	If I win , I get the sleeping chamber .
va	NNS	Without a doubt , he would cause riots with his appearance .
va	NN	He turns the mansion into a murder mystery weekend destination with incredible special effects that aren 't really effects at all .
va	NNS	Everyone on our side who could nodded , even though I could see that several had cuts or burns of some sort .
va	NNS	Maybe then Chad wouldn 't have so many demons to fight .
va	NN	Honestly Anna , I had a minor freak out .
va	NNS	The human bodies had slashes across their necks , arms , and legs .
va	NNS	The smell of damp leaves filled her nostrils as she lay flat on her stomach and waited .
va	NNS	But I have matters of a personal nature . "
va	NNS	They opened their souls to each other and told of their fears and regrets .
va	NN	She swallowed her pride .
va	NNS	I putted my sunglasses on and I waited in silence until the destination .
va	NN	The Guardian Jennifer swiveled the flashlight from side to side , looking for whatever it was the trucker had seen .
va	NN	Vaughn had no recollection of visiting the Dakotas , although he was certain they had .
va	NNS	" Eve Dirac contacted the two employees of the Space Agency , but she didn 't go beyond that .
va	NNS	One can 't take risks . "
va	NN	Hart snapped the first photograph of her from the waist up , Eleanor with her thick hair falling across one breast .
va	NN	" I 'll keep a lookout . "
va	NN	The men nodded assent and sliding their shades over their eyes , turned to leave the room .
va	NN	It should have taken the maid seven days and seven nights to spin that much straw , yet they were confronted by piles and piles of gold .
va	NNS	I think Shadow shows up and gives her a hand every once and awhile . "
va	NNS	From Sol , he brought shells , salt , cactus needles , and pottery .
va	NN	But I want some honesty . '
va	NN	During those times I had self-respect , which always governed me the most .
va	NNS	Didn 't help matters that Mac had brought only his hiking boots .
va	NN	he asked his sister-in-law .
va	NN	The part of him that wanted to growl and devour her body inch by slow , studied inch , all night long .
va	NN	He attributed her curiosity to being from another country .
va	NNS	I 'd expected protests about my safety or perhaps a diplomatic solution .
va	NNS	You can 't run customers off every time they flirt with me .
va	NN	Pushing the mother aside , Simon leapt over the rail and jumped twenty feet to the ground .
va	NNS	" Any ideas ? "
va	NNS	No one will read these letters but you and Beth , surely . "
va	NNS	Having talked to Adrian had lifted my spirits , as did knowing he 'd be speaking to Carly soon .
va	NN	Who knew what nightmare his brother would raise ?
va	NN	But hey , a girl had her pride and Madeline planned to cling tightly to the ragged remnants of hers .
va	NN	Warren approached the pedestal .
va	NNS	The three of us discussed marketing ideas during lunch , but I had a hard time concentrating .
va	NN	Earl didn 't strike her as ex military .
va	NN	It had a light blue bedspread and the pillowcases matched .
va	NN	The trees and undergrowth formed an almost impenetrable barrier , through which the track cut a clear path , which he had no choice but to follow .
va	NNS	" Real estate agents making drug deals ?
va	NN	" Have you finished your own unpacking ? "
va	NNS	And mobilize our recruits .
va	NN	They rolled down the mountainside , neither one wanting to let go of the other .
va	NN	The prisoner picked up the bundle of wool and tossed it on the ground at Morris ' feet .
va	NNS	The Most High defeated and denounced the treacherous angels , tossing them out of the heavens . "
va	NN	Mental rape of her poor g * y neighbor .
va	NN	Daemon swallowed the sudden tickle in his throat .
va	NNS	Streams of water shot hundreds of feet in the air , and the opening bars of " Viva Las Vegas " sounded .
va	NNS	The door exploded inwards , coming dislodged in its frame to swing wide and collide with the wall within .
va	NN	" I did not wish the whole court to know I had , and who it was . "
va	NN	So I grabbed his assignment and tore it up , and as I was trying to get away , he grabbed my neck . "
va	NN	Dancing on my tiptoes , I scan the end zone and find Sam Henry instead and hurl the bal .
va	NNS	" Enjoy the movies . "
va	NNS	He must have gone downstairs while she 'd been talking to the boys , and she simply hadn 't heard the door squeak .
va	NNS	I already have some ideas . "
va	NNS	In the rec room , Glen lifted two paintings off the stack and held them at eye level .
va	NNS	They had pulled painters coveralls over their street clothes and covered their faces with respirators .
va	NN	I 've got an election coming up as you know .
va	NNS	He murmured something graphic , stepping even closer , his hands finding her long , curly hair .
va	NN	These visitors evidently did not pose a shred of threat anymore ; there was nothing they could do to make it worse .
va	NN	Her gaze traced the continents of Earth , the patchwork of raw edges and shimmering gold thread .
va	NNS	The interior was dark , small lamps on each table formed glowing circles of light .
va	NNS	The sea woman flipped her tails and vanished .
va	NNS	My family uses the tattoos to show status . "
va	NNS	Fade and I only saw three souls while we were there ... most were hiding , I gather , due to the problems in the south . "
va	NN	It did make a certain amount of sense .
va	NN	" Did he give any indication of the usual fee ? "
va	NNS	The rest of his family would merely have their Marks removed and be made mundane , removed from our ranks entirely .
va	NN	Undoubtedly , this fear has some hormonal origin , and it is a survival mechanism .
va	NNS	I couldn 't hide the shivers that rolled through me and I arched myself more , pressing my ass into him .
va	NNS	A silhouette at the kitchen window drew aside the curtains to look at the BMW .
va	NNS	With the wall protecting his back , he angled his body inwards , rested his arm on his cabin bag and spread open his newspaper .
va	NNS	We could write so many articles and put so many interviews up on YouTube . '
va	NNS	Knowing the Fey , they would probably enchant the barriers of their land so they couldn 't leave until tomorrow .
va	NN	Now she was carrying another farm implement ; a pitchfork .
va	NN	Unfortunately , she hadn 't inherited his passion .
va	NNS	" After she settled down , we went downstairs to cuddle on the couch and start a movie .
va	NNS	Willow took a few hits out of politeness .
va	NN	Watching him watching everything around him brought a new appreciation of this land to Jamie and Robert .
va	NN	When it ended I turned the radio off .
va	NN	She raised the Spear and pointed it at the ghost in the rocking chair .
va	NNS	And if you cant get hold of her , call Agnes . "
va	NNS	" Saved tons of them .
va	NNS	Got some packages for you . "
va	NN	' It might never have had mail .
va	NN	Edna slowly lowered her spear as the guards carefully stepped forward and tightly bound them with ropes before dragging them off .
va	NN	The taste and feel of it made Misty 's head float .
va	NN	The last remaining robot tossed its boulder .
va	NNS	Plus , I needed a few drinks before she showed up .
va	NNS	I remembered the clinking chains and silence , and I shuddered .
va	NN	" I will accept your tribute .
va	NNS	Mr. Tiny had been checking his nails and rubbing them up and down the front of his jacket .
va	NN	I waited a polite ( enough ) amount of time .
va	NNS	She pulled the blankets over his naked body then rummaged through the cupboards , searching for anything that might help them .
va	NN	Besides , he knew his Rhiannon ... she 'd never run .
va	NN	" Why don 't we finish the session ? "
va	NNS	I want my cases , too .
va	NNS	I jot down some notes .
va	NNS	Though my father may have taught me everything he knows , he never shared his notes with me . "
va	NN	Daylight brought sunlight and steadily increasing temperatures , but the power remained off .
va	NN	He had a wonderful girlfriend plus the essential MBA degree .
va	NN	" You 've just blown your own dumb theory .
va	NNS	What if Matthew had other girlfriends ?
va	NN	Once you 've seen a pretty girl naked , you feel a certain attachment to her .
va	NN	" But I had an afternoon shift . "
va	NN	He 'd brought lemonade and an ice , and then sat down and held them for her while she partook .
va	NNS	Already dark memories were affecting her dealings with a man , tainting everything .
va	NNS	" Then now you can see advantages to moving beyond this life you have . "
va	NN	It 's called muscle manipulation .
va	NNS	Gwendolen 's belief in her star had had some bruises .
va	NNS	I laid the facts out for the others quickly and efficiently .
va	NNS	Our food arrives , quantities of it .
va	NN	And though he didn 't quite know how everything added up , he had a new confidence that he was closer to understanding .
va	NN	Even though I have just a thirteen-year-old 's body , I can still push a massive amount of weight around .
va	NNS	His anger a thing that had blackness and hate .
va	NNS	If we are getting into it , all of you are voicing your opinions loud and clear .
va	NN	" Come , every moment we waste might mean our freedom . "
va	NNS	At night when he wasn 't with Melvin , he watched movies on his brand-new flat-screen TV .
va	NN	Simple Time Travel Experiment Send a digital energy signal about yourself or your message into a black hole .
va	NNS	Amber stepped over many obstacles , just to somehow be part of his life .
va	NN	he reminded his fellow .
va	NNS	I had endured several fists to my stomach and now had a cut lip , and a bruised thigh .
va	NNS	His black hair showed no signs of gray , and his matching black eyes were as sharp as ever .
va	NNS	In a very short time Garcia felt comfortable enough to initiate a few less then civil side businesses that were kept away from Mario .
va	NNS	she asked the princess , pointing at the mark etched into the tile .
va	NN	The attack caused serious damage , but it didn 't take her long to recover because of her trained body .
va	NN	We never had this issue when we went swimming , or got changed before .
va	NN	I immediately accepted the invitation , and I sent a footman over with my response .
va	NNS	But her young daughter has other ideas , embarking on a crusade to learn more about her birth father .
va	NNS	Beware old ladies and children trying to kill you in your sleep . "
va	NNS	In her high school drill team , she not only performed dance routines , but twirled as well .
va	NNS	Also seven letters . "
va	NN	Antonia even gained enough courage to offer her opinion on some of the subjects being discussed .
va	NNS	He surely didn 't need the grapes .
va	NN	" Kiss me , darling . "
va	NN	While it might be impossible to shield her from pain in her life , he would try his utmost not to be the cause of it .
va	NN	He gave a low whimper .
va	NNS	The tree , he had been standing next to , waved its branches furiously like arms .
va	NN	Just as he opened his mouth Victoria heard the jingling of a bunch of keys .
va	NN	When had she developed an appreciation for low-key charm ?
va	NNS	I checked off the courses I wanted and then handed the list back to her .
va	NN	" Let 's drink a toast , " Jerry Townsend said , " to the best boss I ever had , or ever will have ! "
va	NNS	I have two daughters .
va	NN	I turn my head inch by inch so I can get a better look at the beauty sitting on my shoulder .
va	NNS	From a distance , we heard the grunts of vehicles .
va	NN	Skillfully , Jon maneuvered the microphone in such a way that Mark was unable to grab it .
va	NNS	The vampires wouldn 't hurt their own warriors !
va	NN	" I can wear the bra again , but I don 't have clean underwear . "
va	NN	Lifting her , he pressed his hard erection against her , causing them to groan in unison .
va	NN	She heard a wolf howl as if in pain .
va	NNS	The hunter had studied the healing arts under him and would be able to utilize the information .
va	NNS	Slowly , though , he could recognize jumps and then find the pathways the competitors would be traveling .
va	NNS	I 'm having bottles of fine wine brought around to your tables .
va	NN	Despite my hallucinations , I don 't fit the profile for schizophrenia .
va	NNS	We got the cows taken care of . "
va	NNS	" I count perhaps four hundred warriors who are free to go with you .
va	NN	And damn it all , she admired the determination and brains he packed under a thick head of jet-black hair and body ripped with muscles .
va	NNS	A frown created deep grooves on either side of Levi 's mouth .
va	NN	Kate elbowed his shin and screamed , " Stop .
va	NNS	I lowered my brows and glared at him .
va	NNS	I dug my nails into my palms and tried to sit still .
va	NNS	" Did you not pick the paintings ? "
va	NN	She has a signal for when danger is coming .
va	NNS	My numbered days now have two purposes .
va	NNS	" She 's been getting weird text messages , and last night someone took aim at her with a car .
va	NN	Below her Viper remained stretched on the hard rock , his beautiful ivory face and long silver hair only thing visible in the darkness .
va	NNS	" Miss Ashton , you say your mother is sending you messages ? "
va	NN	He 'd had every intention of telling her the truth before making love to her .
va	NN	I felt the warmth slide down to my belly as I sat down in the grass next to Logan .
va	NNS	" Also , I do have a few ideas for themes that I would love to run by you .
va	NNS	A few more coins to the bartender sent a few bottles of rum their way , despite their existing drunkenness .
va	NNS	She had several moonstone rings .
va	NNS	I have two cousins who traveled with me .
va	NN	The machine gives us a 3-D color display with audio .
va	NNS	" We set the horses ' tails on fire . "
va	NN	She decided not to ask for the name of the body shop in case she lost his cooperation altogether .
va	NNS	He 's causing the demons to form using something at the fortress .
va	NN	She 'd escaped a cruel religious upbringing in a household squirming with at least ten kids .
va	NN	The woman looked scared stiff of this man , but Pussy saw how pretty she was .
va	NNS	The dreamers are welcoming the apparitions .
va	NNS	The buildings had had blankets drawn overtop them to serve as a kind of roof .
va	NNS	A revolting smell assailed his nostrils - feces , vomit , urine , sweat .
va	NN	# In Abigail 's apartment on Level 7 , she 'd studied her reflection in the mirror .
va	NNS	He spoke most languages like a native and served as a soldier in many different armies .
va	NNS	The large oak trees spread their branches high towards the sun as though in welcome and all with the hint of new greenery .
va	NN	Her gaze roamed over the coffee carafe Stacy had ordered from room service and Stacy 's empty cup .
va	NN	" I asked the Council .
va	NNS	Chose the name Nikolas .
va	NNS	I didn 't find the earrings .
va	NN	And it wasn 't shared territory , either .
va	NNS	He made his way downstairs , across the foyer , and into the small antechamber where a door connected Peltier House to the Sanctuary bar next door .
va	NNS	I was killing mothers and fathers .
va	NN	Alexis took a sip of her wine .
va	NN	I 'll get some salve for it when we get to town , and it 'll heal fine , I ' spect . "
va	NNS	He 'd removed the shades and those blue eyes held hers .
va	NN	Soothing the unrelenting beast within .
va	NN	I hold the small rectangle of paper up to the light to read it .
va	NNS	A sick anticipation poisoned his veins .
va	NNS	Fighting off a sense of urgency , of a need to get on with it , he strolled outdoors .
va	NNS	Maya lifted her brows and parted her lips to protest .
va	NNS	Blackness came upon me -- unconsciousness that even the howling of the pack could not keep away .
va	NNS	They filled their cities along the Esse , spilling over into the east lands .
va	NNS	She loved the animals more than herself and I could see it in her .
va	NN	" Why aren 't you wearing a skirt ? "
va	NN	The woman touched my elbow .
va	NNS	" We don 't want cold facts and figures .
va	NNS	I 'd rather be writing letters , or working on my collections .
va	NNS	' People post letters to themselves just to get the stamp , er , stamped , sir .
va	NNS	" Even you have limits , my dear wife ?
va	NNS	Try the desserts . "
va	NNS	I gripped the bars and peered over the edge .
va	NN	In an effort , weak though it was , to disguise her uneasiness , she sang the all-too-familiar jingle .
va	NN	Neither was traveling the globe to the world 's hot spots .
va	NN	As the woman headed back to her car , Blue turned the arrangement in her hand .
va	NN	He looked tired , large bags sagging under his eyes .
va	NN	... " Each of you should summon up the courage of a lion king and never succumb to threats from anyone .
va	NNS	I grabbed the snake chains and shot pure demon essence into them .
va	NNS	She lifted her brows , nodded .
va	NNS	Only I had more than a few drinks and Alex drove me home , not back here . "
va	NN	The Red Lady saw the portal and gasped .
va	NNS	She crept downstairs and borrowed a paring knife from the kitchen then locked herself in Josh 's room .
va	NN	' Doesn 't that make you a psychopath ? '
va	NN	His face had lost even the small amount of color it had when they 'd arrived .
va	NNS	With an impatient and imperious gesture , he waved away the two sailors who worked nearby .
va	NN	Instead of an office chair , she has an ivory silk brocade armchair .
va	NNS	He unfastened the straps and then slid her shoe off .
va	NNS	Chapter Ten Hunter could hear the footsteps getting louder as Violet and four soldiers stomped down the hall to his jail cell .
va	NN	" See that hook over there ? "
va	NNS	Then one day , I witnessed the live scenes .
va	NN	But just when he was hoping that Holly might actually accept that she was precisely where she was supposed to be , he felt her stiffening .
va	NN	And she heard the begging in his voice .
va	NNS	A distance of six feet increased his odds of being deadly accurate .
va	NNS	She immediately removed the earrings that were in her second piercing and replaced them with the diamonds .
va	NN	Jimmy , Cindy , Sheen , and the seven others began the long trek back to their camp .
va	NNS	I just carry messages .
va	NNS	But now he had mastered the more complex structures of man .
va	NNS	I , too , had a million projects waiting .
va	NN	The town 's veterinarian owned the ranch in the next valley .
va	NN	They carefully left the new Gene Search compound and made their way back through the jungle .
va	NN	I traced the outline of his hand , weaving my fingers through his long ones , wrapping his limp arm around my body .
va	NNS	She had always admired him from a distance the way he nurtured plants and cared for his shop .
va	NNS	He had shorts , deck shoes and a faded black polo .
va	NN	Once full of life , his father rarely left the ranch and removed everything in the house that hinted a woman had ever inhabited the place .
va	NNS	I have hundreds of customers , some of them from out of state . "
va	NN	She nodded agreement , biting into the chocolate filled with strawberry cream .
va	NNS	Sage had seen these storms before and knew that they could be very destructive .
va	NNS	We have in mind two excellent officers , who can easily translate your theoretical ideas into practical instructions . "
va	NN	Always avoid physical conflict until it becomes impossible to avert .
va	NN	The coroner pushed a gurney past the camera , and a second one followed .
va	NN	He is still using a cane , but with hard work , they feel he may not always need it .
va	NNS	Wardens also had souls , pure souls .
va	NNS	She could 've assembled the leftovers much more quickly and efficiently .
va	NN	They raised a toast in our direction .
va	NNS	The instant she whispered those three words , his hands released her wrists and his forehead dropped to hers .
va	NNS	We sent all the demons back . "
va	NNS	" How many troops do they have ? "
va	NN	Obviously it must have some historic value that I 'm not aware of .
va	NN	Riley watched the children race across the field , chasing a small ball .
va	NNS	Chapter Four Priscilla I grabbed the boxes from the donation center and carried them outside to my car .
va	NNS	I watched the handlers from the road as they showed up at the house looking for her . "
va	NN	I can make out the outline of trucks with a person on top of one of the roofs , a blackened silhouette .
va	NN	From away under the pines came a loud grunt and crash , as if someone had walked into a tree .
va	NNS	At this moment , I could feel stray curls plastered to the sides of my face with sweat .
va	NNS	Only the bubble she 'd built held the demons away .
va	NN	One about how it seems we are always working against the current , always rowing up stream .
va	NNS	A small antenna allowed burst transmissions of the saved data with the pinged call from a cell phone .
va	NNS	" You ever show Brandy your orbs ? "
va	NN	An inferno consumes the barricade .
va	NN	If this passes it would improve education for millions of children . "
va	NN	Well then , a bunch of the players had this misguided alliance to their fallen teammate and well , to put it bluntly , quit .
va	NNS	And finally , to prevent more of the killing , beloved Mother chose shorter summers , and once she had chosen , the killing stopped .
va	NNS	He noticed the sunglasses and remembered seeing her get on with the blonde woman .
va	NNS	And unlike her father , she had goals that she could effect herself , rather than trusting to blind chance .
va	NN	I have a theory , and this is the way to prove it . "
va	NNS	Perhaps she sensed his intentions because she quickly looked away when he made eye contact with her .
va	NNS	We all had our demons , and Hermes would have the chance to face his when he was ready .
va	NNS	He had done good deals with Russia in the past , but recently Moscow had grown greedy , demanding a larger cut .
va	NN	" I don 't see any damage .
va	NNS	They will perform scans and electronic monitoring , to assess the damage .
va	NN	" Put Harris ' suitcase on top of mine .
va	NN	He picked a student with his hand raised at the back of the room .
va	NN	No one has been given permission in an Age . "
va	NN	Moonlight reflects off a metal napkin holder and a half-finished puzzle left out for customers .
va	NN	I could still hear the dull roar of the party when my phone chimed in my purse .
va	NN	I gathered my skirts and quietly fled from the garden .
va	NN	Jonas corrected the maneuver with a disgusted oath .
va	NNS	I 'll send you instructions for transferring the options .
va	NN	Erin brushed his elbow .
va	NN	Before the Professor could speak , the sound of the sedan starting up dominated the patio .
va	NNS	Perhaps , because of this , we should favor the goddesses instead . "
va	NN	Moist carefully removed his hat and gripped it in his mouth .
va	NNS	" I like animals too . "
va	NNS	He melted the chains . "
va	NN	Even those nasty zombie bodies outside can 't ruin this appetite . "
va	NN	And then consider the investment of time .
va	NN	When they were well out of earshot , he exhaled a low curse .
va	NN	He must have known a shortcut through the octopus arms ; somehow he had beaten me .
va	NNS	It gives me the shivers . "
va	NNS	She could feel the wildness of the storm in her own body .
va	NNS	We 'll take out the usual ads in the romance magazines . "
va	NN	I do not buy a pig in a poke .
va	NN	The two men overpowered the frilly , feminine decor .
va	NNS	Shane had ideas to turn half of it into an office .
va	NN	She touches his soft fur and feels the tremble in his body .
va	NNS	" Places like Wolf Com , " a quiet voice nearby volunteers .
va	NNS	Then the farmers brought their young animals forward in a procession towards the altar .
va	NN	It choked the vegetation we now passed on both sides of the road , which was nearly covered in the grayish black stuff .
va	NNS	I was going nuts .
va	NNS	A wonderful , soft , buttery yellow and she 'd get green or lavender curtains .
va	NNS	He had purposely slaughtered hundreds of children that night , now he spoke as if he had never meant to .
va	NNS	We walked downstairs and I went over to the panic room door .
va	NNS	Meg couldn 't picture Simon stocking romances .
va	NNS	For the next seven minutes , I watch Jules blow smoke rings as she dishes out all the campus gossip .
va	NN	A few taps of his fingers across the keyboard disabled the surveillance on Ryder 's cell .
va	NN	When he finally did roll off her body and fall asleep , Anna felt a wild spark surge through her body .
va	NNS	Alec had seen blue sparks like that before .
va	NN	Annalise let the boulder fall .
va	NN	As if in answer she heard the rustle of paper then a deep voice behind her .
va	NN	The whole place had a constant , unpleasant stench , so thankfully for Timmy , George 's business just blended in .
va	NNS	He leans forwards and whispers in my ear , arousing me with his warm breath on my nape .
va	NNS	Olivia wouldn 't make notes on their meeting .
va	NNS	Prewitt pens both her wrists and legs .
va	NNS	She tapped her nails against her knee .
va	NNS	We will test the veins .
va	NNS	Ethan clenched his fists , not bothering to reply .
va	NN	Within seconds , a youngish nurse entered the cubicle , and proceeded to question him as she filled in a form .
va	NN	I just wanted the Book . "
va	NNS	As he approached the driveway , Cory suddenly locked his brakes , skidding to a halt .
va	NNS	He organized search parties .
va	NNS	Yet , human stupidity knows no limits .
va	NNS	There was no sign of movement anywhere around , except for the swallows , skimming the tumbled stones .
va	NNS	Cassandra exchanged shirts while the doctor prepared her for a sonogram .
va	NNS	" You 're using the wrong shells .
va	NNS	Eben looked over the rooftops and down across the countryside as the view from the hill was panoramic .
va	NN	The technician had the engineering schematics open on the screen .
va	NN	The Ripper didn 't need a second invitation .
va	NNS	I ... saw the death angels .
va	NN	If he ended up in the infirmary , he would get pain medication .
va	NN	Logan locks the main exit and turns off the florescent ceiling lights , leaving the alleyways glowing in soft purples and blues .
va	NN	I felt a happiness surge deep within me and longed to share it with her .
va	NN	In the end , he had broken a basic rule : Never fall in love with a client .
va	NNS	As soon as he touched the searing , alien minds of his Handlers , he gave them instructions for tonight 's work .
va	NNS	Remember your conversations today with my sister ... and with Kylie . "
va	NN	He took a sip of his beverage and cupped his hands around the mug .
va	NNS	He kept these last two countries as a gift .
va	NN	and a roar of laughter .
va	NNS	" Somewhere where they had more purses ? "
va	NN	She straightened his tie .
va	NNS	" The car 's old , " Peter said miserably .
va	NNS	Diamond watched his Dark cousins as they searched .
va	NN	He understood Kate 's revulsion and distrust of his new nature ; he shared them .
va	NNS	They might as well be choosing animals to breed from a bloodline chart .
va	NNS	I felt weightless , like a floating feather , as my vision went black .
va	NN	The occasional twitch or muscle spasm makes Rift 's skin crawl , the bony apparitions of flesh and bone turning their wooden heads toward the boy .
va	NNS	A person must either resolve or repress those negative experiences -- it is how we survive .
va	NNS	Please excuse us , ladies .
va	NN	Greg leaned his bike against some freestanding monkey bars and walked toward the main play area .
va	NNS	Eric 's hand sprouted claws , and he snarled .
va	NN	Flights would have to be cancelled , caterers told not to come , the minister to explain things to .
va	NN	It piqued his curiosity that she would give him something and not want to be there when he opened it .
va	NNS	The Captain handed two letters over to him .
va	NN	The doors slide down a hatch and lock in place .
va	NNS	They love their jobs and are aware of the dangers .
va	NN	Andrea snapped her gum .
va	NN	The bearded hunter took a long draught and emptied his mug .
va	NN	She wore a bracelet on her right wrist , a thin gold chain with a small charm that soothed when it touched him .
va	NNS	She thanked the fates for working it out so well .
va	NNS	When I reflected on her crimes and malice , my hatred and revenge burst all bounds of moderation .
va	NNS	" Not until you kiss away my torturous brooding . "
va	NNS	Jess had curves that went on for miles .
va	NN	They ooh ' ed and ahh ' ed when they saw us .
va	NN	" We don 't have a telephone .
va	NNS	He 'll keep the demons away . "
va	NNS	That same moment , Chris felt two bumps from behind .
va	NN	What I had done was gotten my period and neglected to grow fangs .
va	NN	Blame my English teacher - she 's a real dragon . "
va	NNS	They could put the entire proceeds towards the debt .
va	NN	Taylor built an add-on containment barn for the horses too .
va	NN	Rebecca stirred another packet of sugar into her coffee because it gave her a way to occupy her hands .
va	NNS	Chloe found some old newspapers and put them in one corner , along with some cardboard boxes to catch bowel movements .
va	NNS	They had two daughters , but one is deceased . "
va	NNS	He envisioned materials such as limestone and brick , with flowing images of glass and sleek curves .
va	NN	Nick gave them the benefit of the doubt .
va	NN	" This island resisted her curse .
va	NN	Seth kept the complete series on VHS in their office .
va	NN	A horrible sinking sensation filled the pit of his stomach .
va	NNS	The guards untied Derek 's wrists and he slumped to the ground .
va	NNS	Sometimes Hunter still showed signs of being the idiot kid who spoke up and thought later .
va	NN	Does it involve humiliation and mortification on her part ? "
va	NN	An icy breeze made my numb nose throb .
va	NN	Even his mighty guardians felt their hair prickle .
va	NNS	" You know Cronus 's weaknesses better than any of us .
va	NNS	I rammed my fists into my eyes , refusing to give into the emotion welling in them .
va	NN	That same summer , Xavier took up residence with their mother in her apartment .
va	NNS	" Uh-huh ... I checked the sea fans , too , because they seemed to have an unusual radial growth pattern .
va	NNS	A group of witches took up some instruments and began playing a beautiful slow melody .
va	NNS	" If you 'd grown up here , you 'd have seen dozens of them .
va	NN	But he appreciated the sentiment .
va	NNS	Every single year for 12 years we 'd woken up together , opened our presents together and had a party together .
va	NN	" I 'm sure I can find another place to hire me , " I pulled my purse strap over my shoulder , preparing to leave .
va	NNS	" They 'd made pet rocks . "
va	NNS	" In the Beyond , our libraries have complicated machines with information about all the books . "
va	NN	Now she felt the community of sorrow strengthening her from all over .
va	NNS	But I make no promises that I shall ever be so again . "
va	NN	And then we 'll both get a divorce . "
va	NN	" Yes , I know you , " Seguin said to Hawk in Spanish , " You captured the cannon at Concepcion . "
va	NNS	Restore our souls and we will help you prevail . "
va	NNS	When they entered the hall , the women were clearing away the remnants of the morning meal .
va	NNS	Some monitored screens that still showed scenes from the outside via satellite cameras deep in space .
va	NNS	All authorized visitors , transmit your security access code now and await a reply from the planet 's personnel before proceeding .
va	NN	It needed only the assurance of security beyond victory . "
va	NN	Realistically , she understood their hesitation to explore more of this place but what was life without chances like this ?
va	NN	He could feel her prowling around .
va	NN	He took the jewel out of his pocket and held it out to her .
va	NN	' It 's got a keypad on it .
va	NNS	He stoked the embers in the grate and tossed on another log before reclining back with a barely disguised wince .
va	NNS	" Alec , I 've done this hundreds of times .
va	NNS	" Your Highness , I am sure you remember my daughters , Annalisa and Susanna ? "
va	NNS	" Davis took five bullets , and the Portuguese had to cut his throat before he would go down . "
va	NNS	Farmers always make good kings .
va	NN	It took finite concentration , a focused energy with pinpoint precision and skill .
va	NN	Our test algorithms are so accurate , you don 't pay a dime until you meet someone . "
va	NN	Mercy 's guards aren 't usually assigned the same prisoner twice .
va	NN	Gabriel enjoys extra sensory perception , while Jonathan can distort people 's perceptions .
va	NNS	You 'll hear the mice , too .
va	NNS	The pirates held their flintlock pistols , one in each hand , on the crowd , while Hendrick searched Mr. Wicker 's pockets .
va	NN	I show the guy the stamp on my hand and then Kayden puts his arm in front of me to show him the stamp on his .
va	NN	I destroyed my carving . "
va	NNS	But would knowing make matters better , or worse ?
va	NN	We 'd covered every inch of the small village , and no one had found anything that looked like a clue .
va	NN	In fact , we will often request permission to proceed with a hunt if we suspect the demon is hiding in a populated area .
va	NNS	She was wearing shorts and a tank top over a bathing suit .
va	NNS	She had caused kings to kneel before her !
va	NN	It only angered the beast .
va	NNS	With a groan , I grab the crutches next to me , and heft myself up , managing to not put weight on my leg .
va	NNS	I 've got customers waiting . "
va	NN	Maybe you can shift your work schedule to give you later hours ?
va	NN	I point down another corridor , this one in the lavish décor I had expected .
va	NN	" I 've just got a suspicion about Bolt .
va	NN	But the children nearby quickly ended that illusion with shouts of " Dad ! "
va	NNS	" We dropped enough hints .
va	NNS	Why don 't you grab some girlfriends and head over ? "
va	NNS	" What about the other SRR personnel ? "
va	NNS	" Sometimes I eat the horses ' carrots and apples and oats . "
va	NN	" You owe us 10 g 's , Z !
va	NN	Tyler grabbed my sleeve and propelled us forward .
va	NNS	He saw those tablets , those ancient cuneiform tablets , those precious fragments laid out on the table in the secret room .
va	NNS	He had changed jobs to get away from harassment and interruptions .
va	NN	Then he unbuttoned the left cuff and rolled it back .
va	NN	" What channel 's the game on ? "
va	NN	With her muscles warmed up , she started jogging down the street .
va	NNS	Nearing the top , I could hear growls and little screams coming from Declan 's room .
va	NN	" Mother may exaggerate her illness to get sympathy , but do you really think she would sabotage tonight ? "
va	NNS	" I asked limply .
va	NNS	" We don 't normally allow strangers onto the Farm . "
va	NN	She caught her second rabbit even faster than that , getting the hang of the game and getting a feel for her quarry .
va	NNS	The mother duck doesn 't bring her chicks to the raging torrent . "
va	NNS	Thad returned the stones to his pouch and stroked the pocket hiding the fork .
va	NNS	You see , he has the instruments on him , my instruments , the ones I so generously bought for him .
va	NN	He had lost a good amount of blood , but Savannah had replenished him .
va	NNS	But Maxie had other ideas .
va	NN	And have insurance ? "
va	NN	Glad to have something specific to do , John led his pony over to where Dan was grazing in the rain .
va	NNS	" You 'll never get past Angelus .
va	NNS	He took out the rocks and placed the hand in the bag .
va	NN	He modeled his new self after the real Luther .
va	NN	In the corner of the back bedroom , I spotted a bundle of blankets .
va	NN	The arrival of the first train of the day interrupted his concentration , and he took the occasion to have another cup of coffee .
va	NNS	Both wore their blue denim head scarves .
va	NN	She had not begun her cleaning and the place was as fetid as a wet dog .
va	NNS	From the bed , I raised my brows .
va	NN	" I need a divorce .
va	NN	The apartment had a small patio , but their unit faced a courtyard with a path that circled an in-ground pool .
va	NN	You will act the gentleman .
va	NN	A pair of burgundy loafers and she checked her appearance in the mirror .
va	NNS	Sudden cold flooded Clary 's veins .
va	NN	" Go home , winter fairy .
va	NN	I coaxed the old van near its limit .
va	NNS	We only use the programs that came with it to retrieve and study the wisdom it contains .
va	NNS	" I never noticed any scars , " Clary said decidedly .
va	NNS	I can read the signs , but there 's no way in hell that would ever happen .
va	NNS	Why take any more risks ?
va	NNS	He 's facing entirely new schools and learning to play with his less dominant hand .
va	NN	" You know me well , Bond . "
va	NN	Not that she had any intention of sharing the details with him .
va	NN	" Your world 's people have a habit of trying to explain everything .
va	NNS	Some had their necks snapped from where the wind had dashed them against buildings .
va	NN	Zeal also had the annoying tendency of interrupting people mid-sentence .
va	NNS	The streetlights cast golden , uninterrupted circles of light on the pavement .
va	NNS	" Men and their sports . "
va	NNS	When he was finished , he slipped the acres of thick satin from her body and stripped his own clothes off so they were standing naked together .
va	NNS	My dad sucked down raw oysters by the bushel .
va	NNS	Damn machine only records thirty-second messages .
va	NN	He grabbed the map and crumpled it up .
va	NN	Right now , she needed that buffer .
va	NNS	When it does , we skirt our asses up to those cliffs . "
va	NN	I gave him a little nudge , and he laughed .
va	NNS	The manacles slipped off my wrists , and I almost cried just for that .
va	NN	I call ed after him .
va	NN	I nod my head an excessive amount of times .
va	NN	Your parents owe a bundle on this house and there doesn 't seem to be much equity to collect from it . "
va	NNS	He unfastened his trousers and stepped out of them , leaving them lying on the floor of the tent .
va	NN	His face was set , his eyes brighter , lighter than I remembered .
va	NNS	Oh , she still had the lingering remnants of anger , but she was more understanding .
va	NN	I can 't stand this eternal cycle .
va	NNS	She fluttered her lashes at him .
va	NN	He passes each Undine in the Temporal Caste , taking his time .
va	NN	Originally , the old country had a gold standard and it took the federal government over 180 years to abrogate it .
va	NNS	He caught her fists and jerked her against him , wrapping her up tight before she could hurt herself or him .
va	NN	By lunchtime , Elissa called a halt .
va	NNS	With another light arrow already pulled tightly back , the Princess shows no signs of hesitation as the man returns to the platform .
va	NNS	" What , you don 't believe people have souls ? "
va	NNS	Even though she was glaring at him , she looked beautiful decked out for the holidays .
va	NNS	In answer , he let his crutches fall , prodded me aside , and threw his whole weight into forcing the hood open .
va	NN	The snoring and the scratching didn 't disturb the white wax or red flame .
va	NNS	Oh , and those red letters ?
va	NN	Bring me a hat or something to hide my hair .
va	NNS	She took the iodine tablets anyway , the ones they sent out .
va	NN	She then took careful aim ... and blasted the monster 's head into gory chunks .
va	NNS	The boy 's face contorted into an angry mask and he rushed forwards .
va	NNS	He bristled his black feathers and picked the glasses off his beak with his claws .
va	NNS	It took Corinne a few heartbeats to realize the creature could detect only the males .
va	NN	He knocked out their quarterback in the third quarter . "
va	NN	Avery edged down the bank until she stood knee deep in the swimming hole .
va	NNS	His strong jaw was clenched tight , the nostrils of his sculpted nose flared slightly as he faced the people surrounding him .
va	NN	She remembered the warm surge that had filled her body in his embrace .
va	NN	I tap the comm .
va	NNS	There were carved chests that once belonged to the outcast warriors and in them were treasures that had been handed down through the ages .
va	NNS	* As they rode towards the farm , they could see defences being rapidly , magically , constructed .
va	NNS	It had some severe limits but gave her a huge advantage over her enemies .
va	NNS	After a few more words of instruction , I head downstairs where a car is waiting for me .
va	NN	Paddy raised his musket and fired .
va	NNS	As she 'd already surmised , she had two male visitors , neither of whom she recognized .
va	NNS	A knock at the door drew Stokes away from where he had been hovering by Charlie and the sobbing Bessie .
va	NNS	" It 'll give you wrinkles . "
va	NNS	The need coursed his veins , blackening his soul , like an all-consuming drug against which he was powerless to act .
va	NN	" I have a limited skill set that I use to my advantage . "
va	NNS	Out of desperation he sputtered , " Drinks , I can bring you drinks . "
va	NNS	I suspect more documents coming my way from the pursuer .
va	NNS	-- West LA , California Two blue trails streaked upwards for a mile before detonation .
va	NNS	He was already pulling her crystal spheres from the pack .
va	NN	She lifted her makeshift skirt to her waist and let her bladder empty with a sigh .
va	NNS	He mimicked her hand gestures to himself .
va	NN	" We work the same shift .
va	NN	So I 'd purloined the Jillian Designs delivery van , and was using that to drive over the bridge to my new address .
va	NN	If these were people he protected then he had a very high profile clientele .
va	NN	The more you rise in life , more you lose the freedom to operate .
va	NN	My heart gave a treacherous thump at his nearness .
va	NN	Eventually I worked up the nerve to pull back and look at her .
va	NNS	Why are you doing laundry and singing eighties songs on your birthday ? "
va	NNS	Even though I 'm not happy putting Brat in danger , I can see the advantages of having him with us .
va	NNS	The jolt of pleasure lit up her veins , sizzling over her skin .
va	NN	" Here 's to sticking a pig in a wallow . "
va	NN	McKenzie didn 't budge an inch .
va	NN	" You have a gang ? "
va	NNS	Then he went nuts and choked me out .
va	NN	After lunch , we went shopping .
va	NN	Ezra could connect the dots of a killer because he is a killer , plain and simple .
va	NN	Shawn suffered a concussion , a broken arm , and two broken ribs .
va	NN	Those eyes also gave away her origin .
va	NNS	" We have a table up front and just ordered drinks . "
va	NN	With a flourish , she produces a glossy pamphlet . " '
va	NN	Let 's make it high noon wherever we are . "
va	NNS	I spent ten lifetimes just getting up the nerve to speak out about my thoughts .
va	NNS	I know his plays .
va	NNS	Beth stood , clenched her fists .
va	NNS	He " fired " more bullets with his other hand .
va	NN	Haven saw a massive chandelier hanging down from the ceiling thirty feet above .
va	NN	" And then he had the nerve to tell me he loved me . "
va	NN	she asked the shape-shifter as tiny bubbles of electricity started forming around him .
va	NNS	Her hands were tied , her broken nails scraping on the floor as she tried to stop her body from going back up .
va	NNS	I had preparations to make and clues to investigate .
va	NN	What guarantee would we have that you wouldn 't do so again ? "
va	NN	Somewhere around here Louis and his party had lost their courage .
va	NN	I have a theory that people were able to stay in their homes for a longer period of time out in the country .
va	NN	He held a silver handgun , a colt 1911 .
va	NN	She sucked a peak until he gasped , then kissed away the sting .
va	NN	" I 'm gathering a broken elbow , shattered knee , missing teeth , broken glasses , broken nose , battered head and private parts .
va	NN	She had not forgotten the small issue of a wedding ring , but for some unknown reason she 'd elected to file it into the archives .
va	NN	My father had chosen the site for the house to include the pond .
va	NNS	Too large to belong to a woman , as she 'd suspected , the glove had small , tight stitches and was soft as butter .
va	NNS	He wears formal robes , a shining coat of white armor under a flowing robe of swirling white and gold patterns .
va	NN	Apparently I 'd drunk the ADD nectar .
va	NNS	I could detect several dozen distinct languages within the village , many of which I could not comprehend .
va	NN	I could feel her malice and I was glad to know it hurt her .
va	NN	" And Amber feels everyone 's anxiety ? "
va	NNS	Hunter delivered no strikes of his own , though he could have taken down the smaller male in an instant .
va	NN	One of the guards lowered a spear at her , and Vin stopped right in front of him .
va	NNS	It now showed two boxes .
va	NNS	Thus , only a few small portable catapults lobbed stones down at the passing vessels from the bluffs above .
va	NN	A knight from a province Thor did not recognize , a broad fellow in red armor , galloped out the gate .
va	NN	He had the knack for making people like him -- his mother had had that charm , though hers had hidden a foul nature .
va	NNS	She tapped her nails against the counter .
va	NNS	" For me , Madam , you need have no regrets . "
va	NN	I didn 't know how normal I 'd been - an orphan , raised by the man who 'd killed my mother - but I nodded anyway .
va	NNS	" Speaking of which , " he started up again , " I wore the sneakers you told me .
va	NNS	He wore large spectacles to try to hide the tattoos , but he had once been relatively well placed in the Steel Ministry .
va	NN	Ashe took the pile of folders to his tiny desk and began to sort through them .
va	NNS	Running headlong into his class , Ben immediately got the lads together .
va	NNS	She has taken my preferences and has found some dresses that fit me .
va	NNS	" My letters ? "
va	NN	The man in the ragged coat lets out a roar of fury .
va	NNS	" We 'll need witnesses . "
va	NNS	Albert engaged the transmissions and pushed the throttles to 700 RPMs .
va	NN	Nicolas watched her shimmy into her jeans .
va	NNS	His tongue swept the ruby droplets from her full lower lip .
va	NNS	" Santa doesn 't usually bring Mommy presents . "
va	NN	The red eyed man watched the terrier as the star image on his forehead glowed and from that light imagery sprang forth .
va	NNS	Well , maybe he hadn 't found many customers this morning .
va	NNS	She didn 't " read " supernaturals , which gave her a little more hope that she wasn 't one of them .
va	NN	Sighing , Mira pulled her necklace out of her shirt so he could see the copper rings .
va	NN	She was pulling the bicycle out of thin air the way a magician pulls a rabbit out of a hat .
va	NNS	He then holds the pistols out away from his body , at the ready .
va	NN	Emily pictured a mental map of the world , trying to gauge the distance between Rosewood and Thailand .
va	NN	We could hear birds singing .
va	NNS	The curious assembly of crooks wore dark robes and costumes , and displayed scowls and grimaces which would have frightened a child to death .
va	NNS	I considered the conversations I 'd had with Tony and how much fun those had been .
va	NNS	I hadn 't had that many conversations with Davis since I 'd come back from North Dakota and I sort of missed those a little .
va	NNS	" They find the survivors first , then bring up the bodies .
va	NN	Then I felt a tap on my shoulder and turned to find Jimmy Franklin standing there .
va	NNS	I saw the flecks in your eyes , Andrew that can 't be a descendant .
va	NNS	" Why don 't you go downstairs and wait for me ?
va	NNS	He just fucking laughs .
va	NN	What am I milk toast ?
va	NNS	" Last time I was here , the vampires had chased all the werewolves out of the country . "
va	NNS	I can hear Steven 's sighs of envy now . "
va	NNS	I searched the skies for a helicopter or plane , any sign of human life .
va	NNS	" Transport shorted out all our devices . "
va	NN	Once we 're into the other house you can start unpacking .
va	NN	From under the bed , behind the wardrobe . "
va	NNS	I could feel the stays in her corset .
va	NN	The minstrel shouldered the Horde aside and advanced on the retreating god .
va	NN	Her eyes flashed , an odd mixture of amber and gold .
va	NNS	I have serious reservations about that .
va	NN	They should have considered a more permanent site .
va	NN	I took another sip of wine .
va	NN	Everyone deserves a little ray of happiness after so much rain . "
va	NNS	" Didn 't your mother explain the facts of immortal life to you ? "
va	NN	" Yes , I practice the Wiccan religion , among other things .
va	NN	He laid an elbow on the bar with a glance at the bartender .
va	NNS	He punched digits and began a conversation with someone in New York .
va	NNS	The sound drove my eardrums through my skull .
va	NNS	His fingers move upwards , skimming the lower curve of my breasts .
va	NN	He pulled a long drag from it and then handed it to Wolf Eyes .
va	NN	You 've broken Bolivian law and , I assume , have people from your organization after you .
va	NN	I still had every intention of ditching the girls as soon as it became practical .
va	NNS	People gave murder mystery parties and Pictionary parties and things like that .
va	NNS	The strategic subtle non-verbal attacks at Rann are really lifting my vicious spirits .
va	NNS	Heart of the People carries the sins of his people so that they may be absolved , so that they may learn peace .
va	NNS	He was already dreading all the cartoons in tomorrow 's paper .
va	NNS	" If you will excuse me , I have letters to write , " and so quitted the room .
va	NNS	" We 're tied up , " Tom said briskly .
va	NN	Romulus dashed down the dim corridor .
va	NN	Catherine had phoned Ted 's fiancee that morning to ask her to tea .
va	NNS	He turned circles , jumped against the wall and barked .
va	NN	Kimber let out a shriek and I looked up to see the Devourer trying to regain the height that we lost .
va	NN	And I had every intention of concluding this sentence with ( So I 'm afraid that I can 't go with you today ) .
va	NNS	But he didn 't make any sexual advances .
va	NN	We needed a snack . "
va	NN	Drink up , Your secret admirer . "
va	NN	At any other time his heated look would have made her shiver with awareness and pleasure .
va	NN	I felt remorse for those I killed , but I could not stop . "
va	NN	I wouldn 't be finishing my two-year degree after all .
va	NNS	I like both brownies .
va	NN	I asked the large shifter .
va	NN	" Ok , so we 've got your schedule finalized and I 've got a map for you .
va	NN	" We should have that embroidered on a T-shirt . "
va	NN	The kid sure had a knack for escaping .
va	NN	Her youngest , Pascual , was a senior at Universidad de Panama , pursuing a degree in veterinary medicine .
va	NNS	" I hope you two will change your minds .
va	NN	Doug sighs and nods agreement .
va	NNS	We had no conversations between us .
va	NN	The woman wore a long woolen skirt and looked like she 'd stepped out of the last century .
va	NNS	In the past , Mom and I had shared some good laughs over the way Dad snored .
va	NN	' We 've been tracking a hostile from D.C. and have reason to believe this individual is currently staying in one of your rooms .
va	NN	He 'd rung the chauffeur whom Kate found waiting at the front of the hotel to take her home .
va	NNS	" I die , I die ... " " Don 't get our hopes up . "
va	NNS	he replied , then took down the instructions that Kalen gave .
va	NNS	During those long-ago nights , he had performed his priestly duties .
va	NNS	" I ran ten laps ... " He said , his breath already calm .
va	NNS	Businessmen reopened factories and employed workers while people renovated their neighborhoods .
va	NNS	I watched the silver cuffs in the cop 's hand as Jack called his lawyer .
va	NN	Gray spotted the sparking projectile impaled through the shoe of the man 's spasming leg .
va	NN	She loaded up his tray with the soup and sent him on his way .
va	NN	Returning to the helm , he put the transmission in reverse and inched the Beneteau out of the slip .
va	NNS	Consequently , the Mexican government never modernized its armed forces and used ancient equipment and hardware from the United States .
va	NN	He got out his pad and pencil .
va	NNS	So anyway , I worked some odd jobs here and there .
va	NNS	When we entered , bitter smoke invaded my nostrils , enough to induce a coughing fit .
va	NN	He didn 't often begin a sentence that way , so I forgave him .
va	NNS	He added more bend to the bill 's center .
va	NNS	The lab consistently shares its findings on the web so that every scientist conducting cancer research will be apprised of any new developments .
va	NNS	It carried compartments for all her personal items but could also fit much more such as a laptop , or a change of clothes .
va	NNS	It was driving her nuts to lay unmoving in her bed when she felt so restless and sticky with heat .
va	NNS	Walking over to a shelf near Marco , he grabbed two strips of cable ties .
va	NNS	" Colonel , I 'm splitting our forces .
va	NN	By now , several schools had visited the lodge on a regular basis .
va	NN	" I do remember a barn in the back .
va	NN	He ran his pile of business and credit cards over the steering wheel .
va	NNS	But he had his commands .
va	NN	Dave lagged his birdie putt to three feet and putted out for par .
va	NN	" You took the brunt of pain for me for so many years .
va	NN	" Oh , you should check out the invite more carefully .
va	NNS	My heart broke , I had such high hopes for that gift .
va	NN	I don 't know his condition and neither do any of you .
va	NNS	" Not that I would want my husbands to live elsewhere .
va	NN	Probably snoring my head off , which will please my girlfriend . '
va	NNS	I was bound and determined not to let her ruffle my feathers .
va	NNS	The crowd could shout and throw rocks but little more .
va	NNS	You can feel out pauses by what kind of information is begging to be known .
va	NN	What about - " " I 'll wear the wig !
va	NNS	She had skimmed her notes and reviewed her old tests .
va	NN	" I 'll personally give you the grand tour as soon as we finish dinner . "
va	NN	His natural red hair is stained an even darker shade of red from the blood of demons .
va	NN	True warriors need no such nonsense .
va	NNS	Darrin saw the convulsions and shook his head .
va	NNS	" You always take the bullets out of the gun before you go back to the shuttle .
va	NNS	The truck crunched small branches and shingles under its tires as her father drove them past , silent .
va	NNS	" Any ideas ? "
va	NNS	And the closer he looked , the more people he saw , thousands upon thousands of them .
va	NNS	Slowly , his body slid off the spikes hurling down towards the floor of the arena .
va	NNS	It offended my very delicate sensibilities . '
va	NN	The clockmaker waved at them cheerful y as they flapped upward and forward , now a good few yards above the rooftop .
va	NN	Only the McGill knew the combination .
va	NNS	Kevlar vests will keep the bullets from tearing into your body , but the impact will still leave a horrible bruise .
va	NN	But at least Lee had gotten a stamp of approval from her father .
va	NNS	" So I took matters into my own hands .
va	NN	I felt an embarrassing crimson heat flush spread across my cheeks .
va	NN	Despite his admonition for her to forget him once she regained control of her new condition , she had no intention of doing that .
va	NN	He had a habit of wearing the long garment always , even on days and nights when he wasn 't planning on leaving the Seminary .
va	NNS	He swallowed his nerves .
va	NNS	He lived on the sixth , and top , floor and saw very little reason to take an elevator for anything less than double digits .
va	NNS	" We should get two boxes . "
va	NN	Alice eyed the young policeman .
va	NN	Before my next blink , Jackal had ripped the phone cord in two .
va	NNS	" I meant ideas for painting . "
va	NNS	The builders of this foundation chamber had used many irregular stones , carefully fitting them into place with mortar .
va	NN	Finally Travis nodded his agreement .
va	NN	He finishes the soup and returns the can to me .
va	NNS	Vibrating lightly , I felt small tremors coming from beneath me , alerting me that the ground was about to give in .
va	NNS	Dr. Oliver plucks bottles of ointment , gloves , and an array of tools from out of his giant black bag of tricks .
va	NNS	The Ancients quickly moved up thousands of heavily armed demons , their plan to build a spearhead of warriors and then plunge into the city .
va	NNS	" He 's allowed two visitors at a time .
va	NNS	They had been walking downstairs for what seemed like an eternity .
va	NNS	I explored the contents of the cupboard , but didn 't find anything that sounded good .
va	NN	By having so much sand up his skirt that he starts making pearls ?
va	NNS	I only had American bills .
va	NNS	And you - " " There was a door that stung when I touched it , I remember ... " said Vimes .
va	NN	With narrowed eyes the man used his spoon to point at the jug on the table .
va	NNS	" Okay , Reynolds , show us your new digs . "
va	NNS	" First , I want all designated personnel allocated to the bunkers moved there immediately .
va	NNS	Since unlocked back doors were common in the small northwest Wisconsin town of Elkton , it simplified matters for the intruder to enter the home .
va	NNS	I 've seen enough forensic shows to know that much . "
va	NNS	" Later , after they were grown , I did tons of volunteer work . "
va	NNS	But I 've started two domestic violence shelters .
va	NN	I checked the map again .
va	NNS	" First comes the cuffs , then you 'll spread your legs for me .
va	NNS	Leave the volunteers to the site work .
va	NN	He scrambled up the bank and collapsed onto his back like a load of wet rags .
va	NNS	She 'd felt calluses and strength in that one brush across her skin .
va	NN	Giving Owen the tour ? "
va	NNS	They get small rewards for helping Ethan and they 'll do anything to gain his favor .
va	NN	' Well , you could do me a great favour .
va	NNS	If my head faced the sky it meant clear skies ahead and to hoist the flag , which now proudly was dedicated to my hourglass .
va	NN	We had taken the extra time hiking to keep out of sight .
va	NNS	I have no ill intentions toward her . "
va	NN	He pulled out a kerosene lamp and checked to make sure it was full .
va	NN	I 'm leading another hike . "
va	NNS	Dinah heard footsteps again .
va	NN	Hell , even the mini-fridge behind Ed 's desk could produce a radio signal when it kicks on .
va	NNS	" Signs of poisoning and his body showed signs of torture .
va	NNS	After the call , jubilation filled those hollow spaces inside her , shining a warm light into that dark vacuum .
va	NN	He wears a short-sleeved button-down that hangs perfectly on his solid frame and jeans that outline his muscular legs .
va	NN	" I 'll research and find someplace .
va	NN	Joshua noted the activity .
va	NN	The lump in Lexie 's throat tells the same tale .
va	NNS	She had carefully selected the banks around Richmond , made the applications , passed the screenings , and paid the fees .
va	NNS	" Board them up , post warnings , and then tell the healers to watch with particular care for other outbreaks . "
va	NN	Onyx gave me a quick wink before they turned and walked away .
va	NNS	" Advanced cloaking devices . "
va	NN	She took my hint .
va	NN	And then she couldn 't think anymore , just felt the quickening of his pace , his heart , his heated breath against her flesh .
va	NN	" For one thing , talking to a sub-contractor violates the Prime Contractor clause .
va	NNS	But he pretty much dismissed the phenomena as lacking any sort of meaning .
va	NN	It will only enhance any sentence he 's given on the assault and attempted murder charges .
va	NN	His sister didn 't have an immediate comeback or a scathing reply , which surprised him .
va	NN	" He wanted a private show , " I explain , my adrenaline still pumping blood through my body .
va	NN	Waving to each soldier as they ride past , smiles and tears can be seen as the town 's people show their sincere appreciation .
va	NNS	XOXO * * * My phone rings about eleven .
va	NNS	With her fingertips , she made tiny circles on his scalp .
va	NNS	In a second 's time , he had his claws at the guy 's throat .
va	NN	She let out a deafening shriek , then charged .
va	NN	He closed the inch of space between them by pressing solid muscles against her curves .
va	NNS	At the door , Seth had paled visibly .
va	NN	But he ran a finger tenderly over the curve of her jaw .
va	NN	I set my chronometer for an hour and jump again .
va	NNS	She used the clamps holding the pipes together to catch the ropes on her feet to make them fray .
va	NNS	Two in the section marked Dogs and one little old lady clinging tightly to her cat on the other side of the room .
va	NNS	A smile raised the edges of her mouth .
va	NNS	" They could fill enemy barracks .
va	NN	She noted each issue .
va	NNS	Today 's selection was shaved meats and loaves of bread .
va	NNS	He brought the blankets , while I brought my own pillow .
va	NN	" You should have assigned council for him .
va	NN	When no one answered , he lifted a brick from beneath the window , thrust his hand in the hole and took out the key .
va	NN	She regretted the damage to the plants , but she was impressed by the evidence of Josh 's power .
va	NN	He watched her swim toward him , away , her body flashing in the water , breaking the surface , disappearing once again .
va	NN	I smelled her perfume before I saw her .
va	NN	She sensed Caitlin 's throbbing passion for vengeance .
va	NN	Joseph took the oatmeal and began eating it himself .
va	NNS	The occasional breeze sent shivers down my spine and not just because of the chill in the air .
va	NNS	" For years he 's been collecting human specimens and conducting experiments .
va	NN	" I never chew gum before bed . "
va	NNS	He had clenched his fists at his side , but I didn 't even think he noticed .
va	NNS	You 've got smarts whether you like it or not .
va	NN	The sun shone brighter , the birds chirped louder and the air smelled fresher at the end of the school day .
va	NNS	So I went downstairs alone that night .
va	NN	She took the necklace with shaking hands .
va	NNS	General Gordon inspected his officers .
va	NN	" And I need a robe . "
va	NN	The Reverend William Wilby looked indignant .
va	NNS	The silence only magnified my intense pangs of isolation .
va	NN	She pulled out the schedule Mrs. Mercer had given her at breakfast .
va	NNS	Not just here " - she tapped her chest - " within our hearts , like the other prophets .
va	NNS	I have some ideas that I want to think through . "
va	NNS	" We have thousands of people working for us !
va	NNS	While she explored , he slipped the thin straps of her gown from her shoulders .
va	NNS	And I studied fencing and martial arts for six months .
va	NNS	He wore plain deerskin trousers .
va	NN	They had even shown me kindness of a sort , although I didn 't understand what they tried to do .
va	NN	Planning the wedding , running errands and adapting to the contractual life we 'd set up melted away .
va	NN	" Stop lookin ' at other guys when you 're with me . "
va	NN	" And I can 't have surgery or radiation again ? "
va	NNS	" Can I touch your horns ? "
va	NNS	If someone brought a knife or a gun to a fight , even a child would understand the limitations of those objects .
va	NNS	He was staring at her with more loathing on his face than she 'd ever seen , his blue eyes like ice chips .
va	NN	He almost dropped the damn tray .
va	NNS	" I 'm maintaining decent grades . "
va	NN	He did not , would not , have tenderness for Bait , or a divine punishment , or whatever she was .
va	NN	Mary sat bolt upright .
va	NN	' He 'll lose the price of the hit .
va	NN	He kissed Jake 's girlfriend on the cheek and he shook Conrad 's hand .
va	NNS	Almost every building in the universe had video and audio devices of some kind inside , although they might not always be active .
va	NN	So , on the morning of the party , Gregor and Boots took the subway to the big toy store downtown to shop for Hazard 's gift .
va	NN	Each of the mighty trees had a scar on its bark .
va	NN	The usual media disinformation campaign . "
va	NNS	A duke must play many roles , and he must not allow himself to get carried away with any of them .
va	NNS	We did heal our minds . "
va	NNS	Keep your back-to-back formations .
va	NNS	" In England , come to that , it don 't make any odds ; both get done in the long run . "
va	NN	Looking up for a moment , he gives me a wink and disappears .
va	NNS	Because we were not at war at the time , soldiers would do odd jobs like building canals or moving stone .
va	NNS	" May I present to you young ladies , the Throne of the Realm .
va	NN	" I can smell the dawn already , and it 's a long ride . "
va	NNS	I made mental notes to myself of the cities Mr. Slater mentioned , of the meeting places of the wagon trains .
va	NNS	It 's killed hundreds . "
va	NN	Do you have a sun hat ?
va	NNS	He won 't distribute masks to the people .
va	NNS	On an opposite glass , I saw two officers walking towards me .
va	NNS	The men at the table grabbed their mugs and wandered off without even a backward glance .
va	NN	" I got my back scratched with a whip .
va	NN	We write a poem with the dull ache of our passion .
va	NN	" I have complete confidence in you . "
va	NN	The girl created the replacement and passed it over the counter .
va	NNS	The deputy whipped off his sunglasses and pointed them toward Valerie 's body .
va	NN	He held the orange out in his hand .
va	NN	Underneath it all , she could smell an astringent odor , like an expensive cleaner .
va	NNS	Hyatt management had sent new , reliable employees , replacing Mako and Mina .
va	NN	I didn 't remember romance being brought up .
va	NN	They expected collateral damage from the blast , but even if there wasn 't , the rage would be focussed on Enigma .
va	NNS	The woman nodded briskly .
va	NNS	Yeah , right , thought Vimes .
va	NNS	I had bigger battles to fight .
va	NNS	' Sure , I don 't have any pyjamas , but I 'm wearing boxer shorts . "
va	NN	Molly looked at me wide eyed and tears flowing .
va	NNS	It took me several tries and forty years to write that story out .
va	NN	Mike , who had been feeling the same , nodded agreement .
va	NN	" Name your price . "
va	NN	Vale gave an incredulous bark of laughter .
va	NN	I promised your Grandma I would look after you .
va	NNS	Large shelving units held the boxes into well-organized groups and each was labeled with a date and approximate location of excavation .
va	NN	When Tera saw Mari peeking over the side , she politely turned up her lantern .
va	NNS	I shouldn 't be putting my own goals before those of the village .
va	NNS	Wouldn 't the cats follow the rats ?
va	NN	He imagined the land 's outline on the horizon as it would appear during a clear day with the Ursa mountain range looming in the distance .
va	NNS	There , he found signs of a serious scuffle .
va	NN	When love happened to me , I found an alternative .
va	NNS	Chills create little bumps on my arms .
va	NN	I toss a fireball at Nine and he dives away .
va	NNS	I check out the towels .
va	NN	They created a perimeter and blocked traffic from Renée 's home .
va	NN	Caitlin did not have gravel in her throat .
va	NN	Would he have prepared a romantic feast like this for her had he known who she really was and where she really came from ?
va	NN	The bruise surrounded a small scar .
va	NNS	It will take our partners an hour to help us on and off with our suits .
va	NNS	They run a few trucks and cars across the old bridge every day . "
va	NN	I could crush brick with the amount of anger seething in me .
va	NNS	I groped the blankets to my bed and pulled them down .
va	NNS	" You have mice ? "
va	NNS	Her tongue trapped the little racing bead as she cupped his heavy fullness in her hand .
va	NN	Seeing the visual of his son , Blue Cloud is overcome with emotion , " My Son .
va	NN	He lifted his hat and replaced it at a more comfortable angle with just the right amount of smugness .
va	NN	A little frantic , I search the ocean .
va	NNS	" The poor man looked terrified .
va	NNS	I researched the regions where kava has been temporarily taken off store shelves , because it was done in the United Kingdom and Germany .
va	NN	Get the last wedged in now ! "
va	NN	She and Marcus just received the arrangement of purple tulips you sent them at his winery as an engagement gift .
va	NNS	Bettina abandoned subtle flirting and went all out .
va	NN	" Is Mrs. Goolsby a slut ? "
va	NNS	He felt the blackness of death descend over him and as he died , he heard her last whispered words .
va	NNS	Hannah would have killed small animals , torn the wings off butterflies . "
va	NNS	And they barely have any bonds with us . "
va	NNS	During the entire time that Wayne was on the phone , he was eating pancakes .
va	NN	I let out a short , automatic yelp at the sight , and then I try to help her up .
va	NN	Leah put a rosary in her purse , which she did not normally carry , and Nora just kept her cross close .
va	NNS	They caused flutters inside her stomach that were foreign and odd .
va	NNS	Fat oranges and healthy trees filled the boxes faster than small oranges and sickly trees .
va	NNS	They can 't put up barriers , so that makes it easier . "
va	NN	It was beautifully made , sewn of satin and lace , and when she put it on , it skimmed along her body perfectly .
va	NN	He put his forearm to her shoulder and pushed .
va	NN	" Have you got a spider anywhere ? "
va	NNS	Fold those drawings up and put them away .
va	NN	Ridley smacked her gum .
va	NN	Caleb grabbed the map from the kitchen and laid it on the coffee table for me .
va	NNS	I 'm needed downstairs .
va	NN	He held up a long plastic tube sealed at each end , and Kat 's stomach flipped again .
va	NN	She heard a slight rustle , a movement behind her , but she didn 't turn around .
va	NN	For emphasis , he shoved the pistol 's muzzle harder against the frightened man 's skull .
va	NN	Scared the heck out of me , Flex .
va	NNS	Claiming his lips heated blood courses through my veins .
va	NN	She spotted the switch near the base of the handles .
va	NNS	They 've combined forces to create WICKED -- a group meant to fight the new problems of this world .
va	NNS	They followed the signs to the visitors ' section .
va	NN	Smythe side-stepped and circled around the beast .
va	NNS	" Mostly the chips .
va	NN	Straight down a slippery tube .
va	NNS	He gives a howl of anger , and twists my wrists so hard spasms of pain shoot up my arm .
va	NNS	" Got your computers up and running ? "
va	NNS	She shuffled her notes yet again , but she wasn 't sure which problem she was actually working on .
va	NN	His playful grin had further rocked her balance .
va	NN	" Yes , I still feel his essence ; we can follow him this way .
va	NNS	In the distance they heard sirens .
va	NNS	Silently , Allen cut away the ropes and Auntie offered her a fiery gumbo that contained raw chunks of beef and thick blood .
va	NN	BRP Iloilo also carries anti-submarine warfare helicopter on its deck .
va	NNS	" Now we 'll have two angry demons to contend with -- at least one is on our side . "
va	NNS	Rachel felt the powerful strangers drying her body and wrapping her in blankets .
va	NN	It lost its significance ; it was no longer a way to end the wrong , but became a further degradation to make us appear weak .
va	NN	The legs were trembling nerve .
va	NNS	They make the most uplifting songs and can sing as a chorus . "
va	NNS	That second year , I built traps for animals and found edible plants and studied my surroundings .
va	NN	His piercing blue eyes held a mixture of shock and pure lust .
va	NN	I had no intention of eating food ever again , but I wasn 't going to argue .
va	NN	She studied his profile , thinking again how handsome he was .
va	NN	Get the mail and things . "
va	NNS	I 'd go nuts camping out in the jungle for so long . "
va	NNS	I saw their new sweaters and hats , their new watches and rings , heard about their new TVs and laptops .
va	NN	Whatever you make for me , you take ten percent to keep my accounts in order .
va	NN	" Thank you , miss , " the man said , his withered face lighting up like the sun .
va	NNS	" They didn 't really want many visitors . "
va	NN	As always , Paul had a tendency of staying off subject .
va	NNS	The rope snaked upwards .
va	NNS	She pulled her shades from the crown of her head , black and gray layers moving to frame her face .
va	NN	I had a sneaking suspicion that Lysander had done something to make the butcher seem so docile .
va	NN	There , he could isolate her signal and protect her .
va	NNS	Around him , he could hear his troops dying , screaming to their gods .
va	NNS	Just your run of the mill poster sized paintings of angels , here .
va	NN	Neal had painted a spray of flowers there .
va	NNS	" I 've got a few limitations for you . "
va	NN	When Sutherland began undressing , even the mundane sounds of his disrobing made her skin tighten and heat pool between her legs .
va	NNS	She took out the four MPs following her , though .
va	NN	He slid off the stretcher with only the slightest hiss to reveal his side was sore .
va	NNS	Just like the princess who pricked her finger on a spindle .
va	NN	asked the same reporter .
va	NN	She had found her room chil y , dark , and more than slightly ominous .
va	NNS	" But he 's not allowed visitors . "
va	NN	" I heard singing .
va	NNS	Hand in hand they went downstairs to have a delightful breakfast and an engaging conversation with their newly arrived guest .
va	NNS	He opens all the boxes .
va	NNS	Probe had procedures to make sure nobody ever got within five hundred yards of them .
va	NNS	" I could not possibly leave C. J. Wentworth songs behind .
va	NNS	" When Mingus had me in his lab , I saw some vials of my blood labeled ' sofa . '
va	NN	I like spunk ; it makes you different from the crowd .
va	NN	I let the electricity surge through my blood and build , using my mind to direct the tree .
va	NN	" I won 't buy your cooperation with an innocent life .
va	NN	Maybe it can 't penetrate atmosphere .
va	NNS	He couldn 't communicate clear ideas to her , just images and basic needs .
va	NN	She 'd let this whole thing spiral out of control .
va	NNS	Mitch tied the laces of his Nike Air Cushion jogging shoes and sat on the sofa waiting by the phone .
va	NNS	Be right back , " she said smiling wickedly at me .
va	NNS	Too bad life didn 't offer practice runs .
va	NNS	He brought her two tablets .
va	NN	" I 'll sort out the fence , Mr Ackroyd ; don 't worry about that . "
va	NNS	Get the casualties together and we 'll fly them all out .
va	NNS	I 'd gradually learned their personal histories .
va	NNS	The vanity drawers held her customary toiletries .
va	NN	I blow back an inch .
va	NNS	I balled my fists up and buried them into my lap .
va	NNS	He was merely gazing upwards as we pierced the great snowy mist of the clouds .
va	NNS	' You 've rejected all the couples that have come to you .
va	NNS	I hear footsteps next to me .
va	NN	Much to her amazement , she was suddenly suffering guilt .
va	NN	" What theory is that ? "
va	NN	Dimitri greeted the prince with a warrior 's forearm clasp as Mikhail did the same with him .
va	NN	He imagined a heaven on this earth .
va	NNS	" Oh hey Moses !
va	NN	His voice matched his appearance , soft and gentle .
va	NNS	I understood the limitations , and I only nodded .
va	NN	He sends his regards .
va	NNS	He made no guarantees as to what would happen once we arrive .
va	NN	' Keep writing . '
va	NNS	They didn 't have any customers just now , but Kennedy saw Grace out front , along with his two boys , and slowed .
va	NNS	" He may have left you the instructions , but you made the choices , and pretty smart ones , if you ask me .
va	NNS	He clenched his fists as he panted for breath .
va	NNS	We have a few bottles . "
va	NNS	Outside on the door something was scratching its claws down the door .
va	NNS	Her hands rubbed circles of warm junk all over his backside , and the sensation brought terribly lurid visions to mind .
va	NN	The maid nods a hurried farewell to us both , then disappears down the hall , leaving us alone .
va	NNS	Upon awakening , out of habit , I checked my iPhone messages , hoping that hunky Const .
va	NN	" This gives us a big advantage .
va	NN	We have a full and accurate scan of those planes and we 're working to find a way to counteract the cloaking field .
va	NN	She regains her composure .
va	NNS	Her voice sent unexpected shivers of pleasure down his spine .
va	NN	Nobody likes a martyr . "
va	NN	" I 'll handle the navigation .
va	NN	She must take yoga .
va	NN	Don 't you dare punch that sledgehammer through my brand-new paneling ! "
va	NN	" But you couldn 't handle the guilt and turned to drinking , taking your frustrations out on me and Dmitri .
va	NN	Off in one corner he saw his prey , a chamber pot .
va	NN	Kristen caught his kindness immediately .
va	NN	" Go on , girlfriend , have a little fun for a change . "
va	NN	Instead she lost her balance and fell into him .
va	NNS	My mother everyday was losing her nerves by trying to control the everyday expenses .
va	NNS	Every reader , no matter what their age is , has certain boundaries they don 't want to cross .
va	NN	She didn 't even do her degree in business like I told her .
va	NN	Since this is goodbye ... Baxter never would 've kissed him , certainly not like a lover , if he 'd planned on maintaining the friendship .
va	NN	" Goat cheese , tomatoes , lettuce , olives and cucumbers .
va	NN	She invited the young poet , whose name was Lionel , to come in and see her .
va	NNS	Everybody wears bird masks and capes .
va	NN	His finger performs this swipe on the back of my hand that sends an electric shock through my body .
va	NN	" Get a divorce .
va	NN	I 'll give you the grand tour of the house after dinner .
va	NN	" Get up , bitch ! "
va	NNS	Nate and Trevor had goose bumps on their arms .
va	NNS	He flashed No Trespassing signs like a strobe light .
va	NN	Even with the volume muffled , I could still hear the most piercing of screams .
va	NNS	Battling sixteen million unkillable demons in the middle of the desert .
va	NN	You 're in running gear and you don 't have a coat .
va	NNS	I quickly ran the facts through my mind , still hesitating .
va	NNS	I counted three messages from Wendell since I had been away .
va	NN	Didn 't I have enough turmoil in my life ?
va	NNS	She loved animals and she couldn 't wait to talk with them .
va	NNS	" The Shadow knows no boundaries , north or south .
va	NN	" I have no intention of proving anything to you .
va	NNS	He understood the odds stacked against him -- he 'd earned every single one .
va	NN	Have I lost esteem in my own eyes ?
va	NN	The other two announced their agreement , Terra with a nod , as if goading me to accept this fair deal .
va	NNS	Then two centuries ago the power-hungry Marika had joined forces with a Russian mage , Sergei .
va	NNS	She , of all people , understood limits and emotional hurt .
va	NNS	Every face wears back circles around the eye sockets and brown face paint to your earlobes .
va	NNS	But it gets worse , " he said miserably .
va	NNS	His deep and calming voice soothed her nerves .
va	NN	Through his letters , I could feel his enthusiasm and happiness with his new life , free as he had never felt , so he claimed .
va	NN	He took another sip of his coffee , his eyes following another one of the boxes .
va	NNS	" But we have our animals . "
va	NNS	They should await further instructions .
va	NN	Norah has a long record , and it 's always for stupid things like shoplifting organic frozen enchiladas or refusing to pay fines from the transit authority .
va	NN	" He has the backing of almost the entire College of Cardinals .
va	NN	" We are approaching the summer season , and we can already see the effect early on .
va	NNS	At that point all raised their drinks and a cheer went up honoring the wedding couples .
va	NN	He could probably ride a bike to work every morning if he didn 't have to dress business casual .
va	NNS	The thought of Hannah in pain , struggling to give life to his child , sent cold chills down his spine .
va	NNS	Up close , he had little wrinkles around his eyes and wiry , out-of-control eyebrows .
va	NN	Ever since she had been reading the Shroud of Turin book , Stacy had developed much more appreciation for what these mysteries entailed .
va	NN	While standing in line , she examined her conscience using the little card the priest had first given her as well as reviewing the ten commandments .
va	NNS	We 've got more important matters to attend to here than your instant communication withdrawals .
va	NNS	The truck hugged the curves of the road and I held my breath and looked at the steep drop on the left side .
va	NN	" Your mother doesn 't need your commentary . "
va	NN	I had that same passion for the ocean once . "
va	NNS	As she spoke , the serps wrapped their tails around his ankles and jerked .
va	NNS	Both men briefly relived past experiences there in their minds .
va	NN	" Doesn 't your grandfather still have that air force buddy in Washington , or somewhere , where we could get some advice ?
va	NN	Then I remembered the lion claw in my backpack .
va	NN	" Maybe a pound or two . "
va	NNS	He saw holders running inland , but the seas reached out for them with arms of black water .
va	NN	Frank could smell a faint odour on his breath but was unable to identify it .
va	NN	Every couple of months , the staff were sent down the mountain for a few days to clear their heads .
va	NNS	I picked up the edges of the borrowed coat like a dress , and held it out of my way so I could run to him .
va	NN	She took the initiative and aimed the gun .
va	NNS	We had a few casualties , and many groups came back with nothing of true value to us , which caused a panic .
va	NN	Durr had a passion for saltwater fishing , and spent many hours on his boat , in the sun .
va	NN	Jordan stopped firing , plainly fearing he 'd hit the soldier .
va	NNS	The circular room had reversed its curve inwards resulting in four corners with narrowing hallways .
va	NN	" But we rubbed salve into it that should help your skin heal well enough now .
va	NN	I would never give him a divorce and he knew it .
va	NN	Eric coasted the bike down the driveway , starting it up when they swung out into the street .
va	NNS	Kate admired the high ceilings , elegant crystal chandeliers , and massive buffet where an array of seafood chilled on ice among beautifully cut sculptures .
va	NN	I find the courage to ask .
va	NNS	He rode deftly in and around others ' fights , until he found a space big enough to turn around .
va	NN	My pulse races as I cross the fresh chalk of the first base line .
va	NNS	He wore devil horns and a red cape .
va	NNS	" While you are all needed alive for the time being , I have been given no instructions regarding your health and wellbeing .
va	NNS	Hence the mysterious night terrors and unfortunate deaths .
va	NNS	Fellows , recently promoted to detective chief inspector , had investigated the deaths with a ruthlessness that had alarmed his superiors .
va	NNS	" I 've got eight chapters of UN procedures to get done tonight . "
va	NNS	The office blended the aspects of a library and a study , with bookshelves lining two walls and two large desks in the center .
va	NN	The words didn 't assuage my guilt .
va	NN	He had a fearsome temper and I 'm convinced he is insane .
va	NNS	You 've seen movies before , right ? "
va	NN	One vial here , then one of you head west , the other south .
va	NN	Said Alonso as he was inspecting Lea 's condition .
va	NNS	Hopefully this carnage would divert future predators to this location , instead everywhere the squad went once they moved off .
va	NN	I have no intention of bedding you tonight . "
va	NNS	" Why does she keep blinking ? "
va	NNS	A few minutes later , I heard his footsteps crunching against leaves nearby and I ducked behind a large brush .
va	NN	Not only that , he discovered a virus that could destroy vampires .
va	NNS	Xavier never wore hats ( although he was a childhood fan of the Montreal Canadiens ) and Xavier never wore sunglasses .
va	NN	Binky had a good aim .
va	NNS	She peeled off his trousers and tossed them on the floor beside the bed .
va	NN	As always when in human form , she pulled the hood of the cloak over her head to hide her mane of white hair .
va	NN	Dr. Roth released the cuff .
va	NNS	They have not seen your messages -- " " Look , forget it .
va	NNS	Lucia too has her reservations -- but her angle is that the house will be occupied , unavailable to her .
va	NN	" I 'll wear your necklace .
va	NN	Paula showed no inclination to leave as she leaned a knee on the booth seat across from him and rested her coffee pot on the table .
va	NNS	I have seen many battles and know when someone is badly hurt .
va	NNS	He waved his three passengers out .
va	NNS	Louisa asked , her eyes gleaming with curiosity , ' how so ? '
va	NNS	They wore conical black hats of only slightly varying heights .
va	NN	" You know that dying issue I just mentioned ?
va	NN	Samuels let out a sharp bark of laughter .
va	NN	The boy saw the most splendid display of sweetmeats he had ever laid eyes on .
va	NN	" What happened , sugar ? "
va	NN	Then he saw the necklace on the table sitting next to his laptop and groaned in pain .
va	NN	Then they would learn theory of weapons and strategy .
va	NNS	She stroked his horns , circling a fingertip over the hard points .
va	NNS	" What a gruesome tragedy , " muttered Nina , she grabbed the dry branches , which broke like a burnt bush .
va	NN	Black Scorpion threw the spear .
va	NN	My great great grandfather built the barn over the gate to hide it from the others . "
va	NNS	" Why don 't you show the ladies how you can stick your tongue up your nose ? "
va	NN	Did she still want her freedom from him ?
va	NN	Not that I expected a perfect fix in three months .
va	NN	Luckily , he kept his balance , calling after him .
va	NN	With obvious effort , Rand pulled his temper back under control .
va	NNS	" And Mom , he included chocolate chips . "
va	NN	The wall showed the galaxy map and the current status of the war .
va	NNS	Mother didn 't like ' secret languages ' .
va	NN	Then he drew the hood back from young , handsome features , and said , " Ten .
va	NN	She 'd smelled alcohol on him last night .
va	NNS	He held out two packages wrapped in brown paper .
va	NNS	Today , he was wearing shorts and a tee-shirt , and he looked tan and healthy and full of life .
va	NNS	My apartment showed no signs that I had a girlfriend because as far as most of the world was concerned , I didn 't .
va	NN	Revealing that I 'm alive to the general public would certainly cause a stir .
va	NN	I stalked off into the master bedroom , which was still decorated in pink rose wallpaper , and I began stripping off my shoes and shorts .
va	NNS	I make good grades .
va	NNS	This had obvious advantages for the prisoner , come nightfall .
va	NNS	Anna bounded forwards and began shifting the larger rocks to make a path in which they could move .
va	NN	If Jerry liked to scare them , if he enjoyed rattling their cage and seeing them jump , why use a squid ?
va	NNS	Zoe shivered , her nerves completely on edge .
va	NNS	Just thinking about Antarctica gives me the chills .
va	NNS	By the time Carla made her way through the room , she 'd collected fourteen caps .
va	NNS	I could see the hopelessness and fear in your eyes when you looked back at me .
va	NNS	I watch some movies and all , but I don 't think I 've seen too many documentaries . "
va	NN	As expected , the CP officer threw a baton swipe at her , which she ducked , forcing him to hit his teammate .
va	NN	She 'd swallowed her pride and gone to him and he 'd cast her out of his life .
va	NNS	And that gave me all new shivers .
va	NN	I missed the bus and had to wait for the next one .
va	NN	She grumbled the second sentence as if it wasn 't something she was proud of , but he played it off .
va	NN	" I du n no .
va	NNS	Millions felt the sadness in their hearts .
va	NNS	Any sign of fear or weakness would only bring out sharper claws .
va	NN	Taking it back to the kitchen , she removed the orchid and put it on top of the refrigerator .
va	NNS	You also don 't have any medical bills . "
va	NNS	Joshua also configured the boxes of Ball jars in the basement as a temporary hiding place .
va	NN	You could have ended the bounty without making things easy for her . "
va	NNS	Egwene could bear straps of pain for the good of the Tower .
va	NNS	" A ship , the same ship , visiting all the worlds that have been destroyed . "
va	NNS	Her parents had therefore only owned two carriages .
va	NN	Kate picked up her empty microwave dinner container to trash it , and then moved toward the dishwasher to place her fork inside .
va	NNS	How do they transport infants in style ? "
va	NNS	I had put up signs , called the local vets , and talked with the neighbors .
va	NN	Ashwin was having difficulty pitying him , however piteous his display happened to be .
va	NNS	Now he had ex cons he found on Craigslist tearing the place apart and smashing everything inside .
va	NNS	In fact it soothed my nerves .
va	NNS	In wartime you do see some strange sights , but this one was beyond his expectations .
va	NNS	" We 'll post twenty-one warriors throughout the woods .
va	NN	In her experience , something visual always prompted an innate curiosity in practically everyone .
va	NN	" Dude , I 've seen her flirting with a few guys that 's all .
va	NNS	" I have watchers in the trees from here to the Irish Sea .
va	NN	She certainly didn 't have the freedom to give any of it to her own daughter , not without his consent .
va	NN	" I find the nerve of some people just as breathtaking . "
va	NN	After the third week of a one-week cruise , the sea had lost its sparkle .
va	NN	It fitted his profile exactly .
va	NN	She gave him the sweetest of smiles then she took his hand and walked with him to the car .
va	NNS	Still , his excitement had the veins on the side of his neck bulging .
va	NNS	Imagine a million clever rats .
va	NN	He turned and faced the boulder , determined to serve them .
va	NN	Her jaw was swollen and the left side of her face had a bruise the size of a plum .
va	NNS	She usually loved lunches with Jennie -- she always had great gossip and funny stories .
va	NN	When Sue returned to the TV station in LA , she had a pile of messages and voice mails waiting .
va	NN	He ignored the great humming drone that suffused the ship , the lurching shudder of the ladder as he inched up it .
va	NN	The white fudge created a daunting communication barrier .
va	NNS	You kept these prisoners and use them as slaves .
va	NN	Severe trauma to the temporal lobe .
va	NN	He could tell , otherwise , Lea wouldn 't make a request like that .
va	NNS	Tara picked off a few grapes and popped them in her mouth .
va	NN	Despite being a eunuch , she looked every inch the fearsome predator capable of murder .
va	NN	I just ticked off a maniac .
va	NNS	Baffled , he wandered back downstairs .
va	NNS	Chapter Twelve The foreign accent crawled along Luc 's nerves .
va	NN	He takes a packet of sugar and hands it over to me , leaning against the food counter while I stir in the sweetener .
va	NN	He had no sympathy , though .
va	NN	He traced the scar across the front of her neck with a finger , and she jerked away as goose bumps flashed across her skin .
va	NN	Saw the big dome , crowded by ancient winding streets .
va	NNS	She sang two more songs and returned to her table .
va	NNS	The transport shuttle departed and flew inwards , down to the 5 million kim mark , where a facility had been constructed .
va	NNS	" You know those Yankee riders ?
va	NNS	No , she couldn 't put her hopes on a false dream .
va	NN	Trees off to each side bore colorful fruit that glowed .
va	NN	He really did have the most amazing long dark lashes .
va	NN	He 'd put a wedge of paper inside to line the pocket so the knife wouldn 't slip straight through .
va	NNS	In the main part of the lab a dozen other kids were doing dozens of different tasks .
va	NNS	Fortunately , he wasn 't sweating or showing any other signs of distress .
va	NN	" I can no longer treat the principle of unified succession as being of paramount importance .
va	NNS	Mother Superior explained more aspects about the adoption , most of which Caitlin couldn 't understand .
va	NN	Charlotte rol ed up the map with a flick of her wrist .
va	NN	Her long brown hair was tangled but looked clean , her clothes were faded , patched and ill fitting but also mostly clean .
va	NNS	She needed some old blankets , and she bet her husband didn 't have one .
va	NNS	Restraints shot out of the walls , locked around his ankles , his wrists .
va	NNS	As she opened the lock with the key she wore around her neck , she heard footsteps coming towards her room .
va	NNS	Even though I know my father has good intentions .
va	NN	" Perhaps you can provide a tour of the grounds ? "
va	NN	He got off his bike , not looking at me .
va	NN	She lit a cigarette and handed it to Cortez .
va	NNS	If rat brains could fly jet planes years ago , why not something more ambitious for the battlefield of the future ?
va	NNS	I dig my nails into the granite countertops as the pain of the last six years chokes my oxygen away .
va	NNS	So ... did he round the bases or is he still waiting to bat ? "
va	NNS	" Not sure but I have my ideas .
va	NNS	Ah , the singular burial practices of New Orleans .
va	NNS	I quickly counted the bottles .
va	NN	The red light lit up the grooves of his fingerprint .
va	NNS	" But this place rocks . "
va	NNS	Stanley considered the new prisoners for a few seconds before responding .
va	NN	Lea quickly turned the TV off , slid out of her apartment , and headed outside .
va	NN	I could practically hear Vee 's mouth watering as she pressed her face to the glass and gazed in at the doughnut case .
va	NN	She gave an involuntary shiver at how vivid that particular memory was .
va	NN	" You met my team buddy Wade in the Bahamas , and now you 'll get to meet his wife , too .
va	NN	They heard the third click .
va	NNS	" You go and take those boxes to the kitchen and I 'll take care of him this time . "
va	NN	We can also use the Escalade . "
va	NN	The voice of the storm shook the mountain .
va	NNS	I saw ten spheres and I was each one .
va	NNS	" Uh , they 'd probably riot and go nuts . "
va	NNS	" Not if it means disturbing the angels who 've been watching over this town for a hundred and fifty years . "
va	NNS	More than enough actually , and Ms. Lila will write glowing recommendation letters for us .
va	NN	" Always get a nonrefundable retainer up front . "
va	NN	Perhaps he didn 't need a firearm at all .
va	NN	" He broke the cycle , he broke me , and he ... " the sentence cannot be finished , the man tails off .
va	NN	My dear , you will watch the coast for us ? "
va	NN	He felt another jab , and yet another , but these caused him no concern at all .
va	NNS	I bought some pretty potted plants and flowers and spread them out as artfully as I could along the tops of some of the bookshelves .
va	NNS	He started treatments , but it was unclear if it was helping or not .
va	NN	I could see the hatred he held for Cassius .
va	NN	Tavi felt his scowl deepen .
va	NNS	Adrien flared his nostrils , slinging his hands behind his back .
va	NN	Visit her website for more information .
va	NN	She pushed a wisp of hair out of her face as she lifted the receiver .
va	NNS	" I 'll grab some nails .
va	NN	I could use some assistance with one other task .
va	NN	I had the authority .
va	NNS	If he could wear his lumberjack shirts with him still in them .
va	NN	She needed resolution as much as they needed to forget .
va	NNS	" Eldridge keeps the identities of his agents a closely guarded secret .
va	NN	It can take a crew of 5 to 14 , plus passengers .
va	NN	' They could tip the balance in our favour . '
va	NN	At least he had the decency not to say " Are you sure ? "
va	NNS	You can take your misguided intentions and shove them up your ass !
va	NN	" Don 't let your friendship with him blind you to the person he is .
va	NN	But since he had met Olivia , he wanted more than just an occasional screw .
va	NN	Pounding out a rhythm .
va	NN	Swirl the batter around to cover the skillet bottom .
va	NN	The egotistical bastard had no intention of helping them .
va	NNS	" As much as I love dark shallow places , I have other matters to attend to .
va	NNS	Although honestly , I don 't think my dream home will be that easy to do , I just have too many ideas . "
va	NN	When they were lined up , Tristram put the buggy into forward gear and floored the throttle .
va	NN	" Do not feel such guilt . "
va	NN	They went down a narrow corridor .
va	NN	I felt Brodie surge again , and my legs kicked at the bottom half of the coffin .
va	NN	I actually withdrew my bank balance yesterday and sent it to you . "
va	NNS	Leave morals to mortals .
va	NN	While the spaceship was orbiting around the planet , before plunging into space , I observed its surface glittering with light .
va	NNS	I didn 't even have sharp nails .
va	NN	Lucas put out the lantern and returned it to the backpack .
va	NNS	Thursday was ladies night , free drinks for gals all night .
va	NNS	That would put ideas in her head - ideas she shouldn 't be considering if she cared for her mental health .
va	NN	I shined the flashlight in that direction but saw no Katie .
va	NNS	" A well-known entertainer posted his opinions under a thinly disguised pseudonym on a subversive website .
va	NN	" He 's given permission for you to dine in bed this morning . "
va	NN	Astrid felt her face flush as all eyes watched her walk up to the center of the table .
va	NNS	The faces , chests and paws had white highlights .
va	NNS	She heard footsteps coming but she just ignored it .
va	NNS	I actually have a few ideas .
va	NN	It made my face flush , and my skin heat .
va	NNS	The three apprentices regained their bearings and surrounded the kami once again .
va	NNS	We have researched your preferences and are confident you will find a number of palatable dishes . "
va	NN	Left a giant scorpion on my bed . "
va	NN	Ashlyn gave no indication that she 'd heard him and certainly no hint of her intentions .
va	NNS	If Johnny couldn 't catch a lift he 'd spend wages on transport to his gigs .
va	NNS	Anna showed no signs of retreating and was now quite open about their relationship so he put aside his concerns .
va	NN	I couldn 't - wouldn 't - take advantage of that .
va	NNS	Delilah had a few ideas still up her sleeve .
va	NN	Rikki nodded her complete agreement .
va	NNS	They were doing drills that could 've come straight out of Malachi Wolfe 's school , defensive maneuvers and hand-to-hand combat .
va	NN	She threw the bundle of clothes down on the ground and pushed him toward the door .
va	NNS	He says something and everybody jumps .
va	NN	Notify the court immediately if you or anyone you know is in any way contacted with regard to your involvement in this trial .
va	NNS	But the next day , the California Girl had other ideas .
va	NN	We don 't have any indication you 're invincible , and I kind of like you upright and walking around . "
va	NNS	' It took me ages to make that rope swing . '
va	NNS	We flaunt our presents in whatever form is necessary to sell our brand of national interest .
va	NNS	Tell Fergus , and make sure he arranges it . "
va	NN	He flicked my clit , and I almost bucked off the counter .
va	NNS	Jack held several devices near it , before using a stylus to unfold it .
va	NNS	Queen Layla sent her fondest congratulations , but she did not make the trip with her husband .
va	NNS	They headed downstairs ; to the basement .
va	NN	Reluctantly , I had accepted the dish , but I was unable to stop the acute anxiety that came with the thought of going over there .
va	NN	I adjusted my backpack strap on my shoulder and looked away .
va	NNS	Erin pulled her notes onto her lap .
va	NN	" I had a terrible nightmare about this .
va	NN	How long has it been , dear fellow ? "
va	NN	But he had no intention of dying here .
va	NN	She tapped the mike , a habit she couldn 't break , her restless fingers moving everything around within reach .
va	NN	He had his flashlight out again , and if he could make anything of the jumble of footprints in the dirt , he was Sherlock Holmes incarnate .
va	NNS	We " re their prisoners ... sort of ... er ... but not exactly . .
va	NNS	She folded my blankets and picked up my pillows and brought them into my room .
va	NNS	" The guys in SETI must be going nuts ! "
va	NN	Bull had a trail map with topological info on it , and with our trusty compasses , it seemed rather easy to navigate our course .
va	NN	Maybe you do have a rare blood condition , and somehow it gives you extraordinary gills . "
va	NNS	She did not like unfulfilled duties hanging over her .
va	NN	You could have some whenever - " Jude lifted his hand .
va	NNS	Something about the way he said her name sent tremors of awareness down her spine .
va	NNS	She set her crutches against the wall and walked the last ten feet to the desk , where she sat down across from him .
va	NNS	Every emotion I 'm feeling cuts at me like a knife .
va	NNS	Lise did arm curls , right next to her .
va	NNS	I start up the dunes towards the parking lot , but Larry steps in my way .
va	NN	Three more rose followed a similar projection , a few feet apart .
va	NNS	I had hopes for us .
va	NNS	Everything about these men screamed spoiled , rich brats .
va	NN	His car had some substantial damage on the driver 's side of the bonnet .
va	NNS	" World-class minds , or ships , sometimes .
va	NN	I register his sympathy with a certain amount of irony .
va	NN	He 'll get an unfair advantage in all this dating business . "
va	NNS	Not that she would ever reach those shores .
va	NN	I felt a grin tug at my lips .
va	NN	Not only hadn 't he made progress with her , he 'd likely deepened her hatred .
va	NN	But Cole must have sensed her scrutiny because his gaze found hers just then .
va	NNS	" If I can roll around with this bowling ball attached to me , surely you can work those crutches , Suz .
va	NNS	Up above I can hear the grunts and moans of the Infected and the breathlessness of Stafford and Miles fighting them back .
va	NN	I took another sip and sat down next to him on the couch .
va	NNS	Halfway through I clenched my fists and took quiet and slow steps to the darkness beyond the next door .
va	NNS	He kicked the metal bars of the door and hissed in pain .
va	NN	Robert took a sip of the tea that Mary had just poured for him and frowned .
va	NNS	But to the reaper man , all stalks start off as ... just stalks .
va	NNS	After a brief rebellious interlude as an AmeriCorps teacher in the deep south , she had followed daddy 's footsteps through law school and into corporate practice .
va	NNS	Yes , I 'd promised Lara more jobs tomorrow .
va	NN	He took a sip from his ale and leaned forward on the table .
va	NNS	She could see Kim 's bruises , the blood .
va	NNS	He then removed all the skins and covered the mounting lugs with masking tape .
va	NNS	The stairs led upwards !
va	NNS	We head downstairs and walk toward the end of the hall .
va	NNS	She gripped the edges of the table , her thighs spread , and he could see her glistening between her legs .
va	NN	Angelica confirmed his suspicion .
va	NN	Working up a massive wad of phlegm , he blanketed the claw in goop .
va	NN	He flicked his cigarette toward the dirty plate he was using as an ashtray , but fell short and the ash floated down to the carpet .
va	NNS	She heard footsteps behind and said with a smile , " What is it ?
va	NN	But she 'd lost her perfect balance the moment Darling had stuck that insane apple pie into her mouth .
va	NNS	" Take his collar off , " Lloyd said briskly .
va	NN	She couldn 't undo the suffering she 'd already inflicted on Josh .
va	NN	You could feel the anticipation in the locker room wane .
va	NNS	Will Prince Charming talk his princess into a close sibling for baby Wyatt ?
va	NN	A collection of portables ringed the main campus .
va	NN	Don 't scuff up the wax . "
va	NNS	Despite the hideous events of the dance , waking in Devon 's arms had lifted her spirits considerably .
va	NNS	" I won 't make promises I know I 'll break . "
va	NNS	I had feathers , as well as a bit of lace and ruffles , but nothing as unique as my partner 's .
va	NNS	Tracy immediately bundled up the contents , secured the bag with a twisty , and tossed it into the back of the catering van .
va	NN	She tapped her own art history textbook with a hot pink pen .
va	NN	When her father finally cleared the nosy crew out of the chart room , he had his temper under control , at least regarding her .
va	NN	Painter heard the longing in the man 's voice .
va	NNS	He already had more than enough regrets .
va	NN	What they saw made their hearts freeze in their chest .
va	NNS	I dug my nails into my palms as I watched him fight to keep his emotions from bursting out .
va	NNS	They depicted different views of different landmarks throughout the island .
va	NNS	Apparently , his protective services had limits .
va	NNS	" As he lay dying , he had accomplished the goals he had set out for his life .
va	NNS	They shall present their cases before me tomorrow .
va	NNS	I knew my limits , but it didn 't make any of this suck less .
va	NN	Luca gives me a quick wink before turning back to her .
va	NN	Kara popped the TV on and vegetated .
va	NN	' Just north of the M25 . '
va	NNS	" Two large regular coffees Kelly sweetheart , when you have a minute , " shouted a boisterous Paul .
va	NN	I noticed a waterlogged violin propped against a stone .
va	NNS	" We finish each others ' sentences . "
va	NN	A good friend would have heard the tale of the bras and underwear , but Gavin wasn 't a good friend .
va	NN	Maryanne felt his scrutiny , and it flustered her .
va	NNS	" I spent summers at Albany when I was in boarding school .
va	NN	There was nicotine withdrawal and nicotine anticipation .
va	NN	I borrowed the van and drove to Ye Olde Ice Cream Shoppe .
va	NNS	He quietly unpacked the spheres from his sack , then replaced them without the sawdust for easier access .
va	NN	She wasn 't wearing any underwear , so she didn 't have to worry about - " Fuck . "
va	NNS	Julian held her wrists .
va	NN	Minos had found a container full of them and we 'd fixed up an old machine to play them on .
va	NNS	Looking over the rail he saw blackness instead of crystal waters .
va	NNS	I retold Kasey the key facts of the past while my mind flashed back to the night of the accident .
va	NNS	" I 'll tell you something Todd .
va	NNS	The scent of fresh blood invaded my nostrils .
va	NN	" Family member ? "
va	NNS	I recognize these qualities in you because I possess them myself . "
va	NN	Right up until I got back to my dorm and realized you 'd stolen my underwear . "
va	NN	We 're having a picnic on the beach today ... I may even let you hold my hand .
va	NN	And she infiltrated the chaos , mingling amongst it all , completely unnoticed and out of the limelight .
va	NN	The merest smattering of guards manned the outward facing positions .
va	NN	I could imagine the suspicion of the scholars ; Homer was a pagan who worshipped false gods .
va	NN	Greg fumbled out his comm .
va	NN	The Archive looked up at me , child features solemn .
va	NN	As he went , he passed another passenger who was still sleeping , this one a girl of about seventeen .
va	NNS	Sulfur filled her nostrils and burned her throat .
va	NN	To move down the mountainside and yet stay in one place .
va	NNS	He eventually understood the types of things I did in the war .
va	NN	I could feel another disgusting smile creep onto my face and I turned away without saying anything to her .
va	NN	That leaves an interesting activity , doesn 't it ? "
va	NNS	Neither were redeeming qualities in a person .
va	NNS	He asked the reporters who were waiting outside the entrance for a news blackout , inviting them to understand his grief .
va	NN	" The McGill and I have a special arrangement .
va	NN	Elise took the photo and studied it .
va	NN	The foreman slammed the pad against his knuckles and the group scattered .
va	NNS	Not many people could afford cool drinks in Mexico .
va	NN	Captain , I am just the messenger and Carlos put me up to this , so don 't shoot the messenger . "
va	NN	' Do you not have a prince to watch ? '
va	NNS	Throughout dinner , she 'd considered various explanations , none of which seemed all that logical .
va	NNS	They took their drinks to the living room .
va	NN	She had her pride , too .
va	NNS	We sit and watch old movies ... and work our way slowly through the entire range of Sage Carrigan 's chocolate varieties ... and it 's good .
va	NN	Bill unsheathed his machete .
va	NN	The bird was holding a lightning in its beak .
va	NNS	Pass her A levels and go to university ?
va	NN	Today , my pilot , the one your sister picked out , stole my twenty million dollar Sikorsky helicopter .
va	NN	It would provide decent shelter from any storms that popped up from the hurricane that night .
va	NN	Her finger traced a pattern on the cool glass .
va	NNS	The Bureau were leading the inquiries , and Carter was their man .
va	NNS	He had his angels with him .
va	NNS	" Of course I know his songs ; you play them all the time . "
va	NNS	" I got these brushes for Lizzie , Wynne , and Keely .
va	NNS	He held out the bills and waited until she took a hint and took them .
va	NNS	And forget silver bullets too .
va	NN	When Ben decided to shoo it away , instead of running off like a normal dogs it just gave out a long and uninterrupted monotone howl .
va	NN	He couldn 't hide the disappointment in his voice .
va	NNS	Hank noted the tablets , too , and moved closer , but Bern extracted the jar and snapped the lid closed .
va	NN	The voice sounded official .
va	NN	Ash let out a yelp and bent in pain .
va	NN	" I 'll take the bus so I can time out the route .
va	NNS	He made some notes on a clipboard he carried and motioned for the other officers to move on to the next car .
va	NNS	Beginning at their outer edges , he cooled ever smaller circles around them until he reached my impossibly rigid nipples .
va	NN	" Isn 't it a little late to ask my permission to miss school ? "
va	NN	However , it requires some concentration and clear thinking .
va	NN	He grabbed the tracker and carefully set it on the ground .
va	NN	" We have insurance .
va	NN	I mostly watch crappy 70 's TV .
va	NN	' When Balthasar and his men ambush the Provencal galley in the Strait of Bonifacio -- mind the coincidence of names !
va	NN	Normally , she made this trek alone .
va	NN	I felt my eyes watering and didn 't know what to say in return .
va	NN	The force , the impact buries the screw into his flesh , near his left shoulder instead .
va	NN	She was carrying a bundle ; I first thought she 'd made some more clothes .
va	NN	I am honoring that request by publishing The Apes of Eden as a trilogy .
va	NN	Rose nodded her haste and rushed off , grateful to prolong her absence from chores and happy to be of use to the Captain .
va	NN	With a sigh , she follows the exit to the airport and pulls up outside the America West ticket counter .
va	NNS	I couldn 't detect any hints of deception in his face , but then again , I knew he was an expert liar .
va	NNS	Computers to design computers - maybe they were taking over , after all .
va	NN	In many ways , he had little more freedom than me , but at least he had a mission .
va	NN	After a demonstration they discussed price .
va	NNS	So , I 'd taken matters into my own hands .
va	NNS	Apparently she was having the same ideas as he .
va	NNS	K filled yesterday 's thermos with coffee , grabbed the freezer bag from under the plastic sheet and left .
va	NN	" The woman who preaches has poison religion .
va	NNS	" You 're placing your morals above everything else .
va	NN	I took my irritation out on you . "
va	NN	Finn had no intention of tangling with the Black Widow , especially not with MYTH breathing down their necks .
va	NN	At the top he pressed the buzzer and looked at the camera .
va	NN	Who did the beading ? "
va	NNS	Behind it Maia could see strips of trees , and behind that , the blue water of the Sound some distance away .
va	NNS	Not one filled with picture-perfect memories of warm holidays , gaily wrapped packages and hot apple cider , like the Christmases her friends enjoyed .
va	NNS	" I guess the comfortable beds we bought were a waste if you prefer Stonehenge instead . "
va	NNS	The entire class , even Ms. Devereux , was craning necks as best as we could to catch a glimpse of the King .
va	NN	It would cut down many a beast before going dull .
va	NNS	The lake reportedly produced some fine trout , the salting of which was the town 's main trade .
va	NN	He had a girlfriend now .
va	NN	I gunned the motor , and pulled the passenger door shut .
va	NNS	At the time various military groups in the island made their own flags and started expanding their territory .
va	NNS	" We can make snow cones with flavored sauces . "
va	NNS	You better take some notes . "
va	NN	" You must have a fever .
va	NN	Kylie recalled the plot .
va	NNS	The feeling of his skin , all his skin , against mine gives me goose bumps .
va	NNS	The property encompassed ten acres of solitude .
va	NN	Or maybe I was just imagining that intensity ?
va	NN	I fanned the photo over the others before pitching it back onto the pile .
va	NNS	Do distance learning so at least you can get some credits done . "
va	NNS	I had bots , alarms , and a back up plan .
va	NNS	" Count up seven spaces from the four inch line .
va	NN	" You remember the starting procedure ? "
va	NNS	Found his trousers , his shirt , and jacket .
va	NNS	That would be overstepping my bounds , so I kept my mouth closed and those questions to myself .
va	NN	That would explain his hostility toward people .
va	NN	She placed the tray on the coffee table , handed them their cups and started serving .
va	NNS	By the time Kara got to the hospital to see him , he was showing distinct signs of cooling toward her . "
va	NNS	Other kids wore cheap plastic masks and those crappy mass market things .
va	NN	After watering the privet hedge he spotted a rusty manual mower and he figured he 'd make himself useful .
va	NN	The robe had a hood and was full length .
va	NN	Ignoring Maya , John tested the hatch .
va	NN	The storefront had no fancy window display , just a large picture window with blinds drawn for the evening .
va	NN	" I enjoy the freedom . "
va	NNS	He might be outside making amazing chalk drawings or building a nuclear generator and looking angelic as he concentrates .
va	NNS	Perhaps he could try the rods - He shook his head , raised the crossbow , and took careful aim .
va	NN	At the upper end a small creek tumbled off the mountainside onto the rappel at the edge .
va	NN	causing the crew to laugh except for Linda who was still having palpitations .
va	NNS	When I finished my first draft , I made some notes for my presentation .
va	NN	She called up a photo of the Lansing children on her device .
va	NNS	She would not require notes .
va	NNS	His face bore three dark tattoos , marking him as the son of a King .
va	NNS	It had black shutters and a welcoming wrap-around porch .
va	NNS	I rubbed the lingering tingles .
va	NNS	She forced her claws to be fingers again , put the truck in gear , and backed out of her place .
va	NNS	" Dear , I got your messages .
va	NNS	You must be going nuts .
va	NN	" She commands the performance right away ?
va	NNS	I had read the last two messages before losing the phone .
va	NN	She could feel the huge ocean of strength deep inside him , just waiting for her .
va	NN	What record of success do they have ? "
va	NN	Stephan smiled tenderly down at Nicole , then shook his future brother-in-law 's hand .
va	NN	By the way , I have this nifty scar on my belly that leads me to believe I 've had a baby or two .
va	NN	I pushed the irritation aside .
va	NN	We have a furnace as a back-up measure , but we have no fuel .
va	NNS	" I 've had other jobs before those , Caroline .
va	NN	The paintings that are now being challenged must undergo the scrutiny of the leading Post Impressionist scholars of the world .
va	NNS	That sent merchants into an uproar .
va	NNS	Regardless , he would continue and show mankind his aims for world reunification .
va	NNS	From around them on the bridge came gasps and cries .
va	NN	Elizabeth could not imagine a greater waste of time than saving someone 's soul .
va	NNS	She doesn 't have the earrings .
va	NN	His jacket covered her midriff .
va	NN	A child lands at his feet , dumps a mound of building blocks on the carpet , and begins to play .
va	NN	He dragged the pot from under the bed rubbing his head .
va	NNS	" I keep my promises , Gabriel . "
va	NN	John noticed his hesitation and grabbed the bottle from him .
va	NNS	They do not only make worlds or recreate existence .
va	NN	I usually loved shopping , but that was nerve-wracking .
va	NNS	The overstuffed cushions were in muted tones of celery and rose and white .
va	NNS	Going into her bedroom , she put her few garments into a sack , along with some more pouches that could hang from her belt .
va	NNS	The pretty young woman with the wide innocent eyes and the enigmatic smile soothed her nerves .
va	NNS	I walked downstairs with a grin on my face .
va	NNS	Relieved she wouldn 't freeze , James sized up the camouflage coveralls in Mr. Maher 's hand .
va	NNS	Play the slot machines in Vegas to get my ten grand ? "
va	NN	Though he tried to keep his voice down , this brought an immediate sobbing from Lady Margaret , and her daughter Nell .
va	NNS	But then he saw tufts of blonde hair , hazel eyes , and a vine tattoo .
va	NN	He had a musty odor , like clothes kept in a chest too long .
va	NN	" I have this bunker wired with laser emitters that will go off on anyone not wearing our uniform with the press of this button . "
va	NNS	Or beat those demons back .
va	NN	Twelve Thirty had signed an agreement to laugh at all Sid 's jokes .
va	NN	Time to get this rust bucket off the ground .
va	NNS	Karen gave him a few practical instructions which he assured her would be carried out .
va	NN	We need your tether . "
va	NN	How many years have I been held prisoner in my own home , watching its desecration , watching strangers peruse my belongings ? "
va	NNS	That thought lightened Chloe 's spirits as she wandered back to the living area of the executive suite .
va	NNS	" Van is doing martial arts with Noah ? "
va	NNS	She then gave Nix instructions to bring some coffee .
va	NN	Why would Jasmine tear this particular photo in two ?
va	NN	George searches around in the box , tipping it , then heaps cereal into his bowl .
va	NNS	Sylvia felt shivers through her body .
va	NNS	Every shadow seemed to be watching them , hunters in the night .
va	NNS	He could feel their gazes like arrows pulled back on bows , ready to bury him in a volley of vengeance .
va	NNS	Nodding , I showed him the contents inside the bag I held .
va	NN	" Well , I appreciate the sentiment , but there 's no need . "
va	NN	He addressed the lieutenant in charge of the platoon .
va	NNS	With nothing else to pack , we wander downstairs to socialize .
va	NN	After they cleared the dishes , Fred and Oriole gathered their gear and extra provisions and left in the SUV .
va	NNS	He traced the veins in her slender wrist with his thumb .
va	NN	" You have no ambition .
va	NN	He tilted his hat back and gave her a slow , pointed once-over .
va	NN	Finally , perhaps , we 'll find a decent inn .
va	NNS	Here , Matt , take mine , " Jim handed him his cuff links with his initials on it .
va	NN	He then remotely opened the ship 's side hatch and flushed his six passengers out into space .
va	NNS	He left me five messages , sure .
va	NN	But for heaven 's sake get the heater working on this old bucket of bolts .
va	NNS	You can surround your visitors with art works .
va	NNS	He listens and takes notes .
va	NN	And far ahead , she saw through the dress 's eyes the sparkle of an energy source .
va	NN	" My wife had surgery four years ago , and we flew to the Mayo Clinic .
va	NNS	" Not as fascinating as what I have right here , " he murmured wickedly .
va	NNS	" Kitten has claws . "
va	NN	Cleaning the toilet when the man of her dreams calls , then leaving a path of destruction throughout her own home .
va	NNS	On the way to the plane , he selected some newspapers and boarded the plane into first class .
va	NNS	The laser show spotlighted jewels , strobing through the room , flickering , distorting images away from the cases into choppy , fragmented disco movements .
va	NNS	The dark mirrors reflected their images into infinity .
va	NN	You can 't beat ' em . "
va	NNS	The leader controlled his followers with drugs and sex .
va	NN	He 's never given me a locket . "
va	NN	Her voice rose an octave or two .
va	NNS	As they approached the smoke , it blotted out the suns .
va	NN	James took a sip of his tea , then reached for his attaché case and removed a small , framed photograph .
va	NN	They awaited her arrival in front of the gates of our home .
va	NN	" I du n no but whatever it is , it 's big and just took out one of our tanks .
va	NNS	" Because I do like the lizards ! "
va	NN	Walking at a pace that , when healthy , he could keep up all day , he followed the route he had chosen from the map .
va	NN	" I like your h * ps just fine . "
va	NNS	Children received stuffed animals .
va	NN	She had seen his photograph in newspapers ... What was he doing here ?
va	NNS	I took out my frustrations at your father on you , that wasn 't fair and I treated you badly .
va	NN	As soon as he sat down , Naomi dropped her spoon into her plate and climbed off her seat .
va	NNS	All the while , Cade watched her more than the sights .
va	NNS	Rema recalled her studies with Aunt Maya .
va	NNS	I got downstairs before Mom , so I had no trouble refreshing the ice .
va	NN	Cole pulls the bike to a stop and cuts the engine , the quiet almost oppressive after the riot of noise .
va	NNS	A few even held pistols , but it was no matter .
va	NN	I take a sip of mine , too .
va	NNS	He folded the bills and pushed them into his front pocket .
va	NNS	Instead she grabbed two menus and waved us toward the back of the small cafe as we followed her lead .
va	NN	I found the widest gap between two stalks and cut through the first row without a sound .
va	NNS	I grabbed the movies from the entertainment center and put them in my six disk DVD player .
va	NN	He let the pain wash over him , through him .
va	NNS	I heard gasps and groans from the others , and more than one of them began to weep .
va	NN	Mack at least had the decency to look guilty before shaking his head .
va	NN	With his regal bearing , aristocratic bone structure and wealth of confidence , no one looking at him now would ever doubt his royal lineage .
va	NN	He has no app - " He looked up in surprise .
va	NN	" I will bring my girlfriend with me , so I won 't have to travel alone . "
va	NN	She waved a street map .
va	NNS	" So I took matters into my own hands with the help of Lucky . "
va	NNS	You could hear the grunts of men everywhere , the clash of steel , the howls of pain , the roars of victory .
va	NN	Looking around the kitchen , he spotted the kettle .
va	NNS	" Your ingenuity knows no bounds . "
va	NNS	" But you like Hogan 's Heroes ... . "
va	NNS	I 'd put out enough warning cones to stop Napoleon 's army . "
va	NN	But like a good actor , she never broke character .
va	NN	Jason trotted down the corridor until it delivered him to a vast hall .
va	NNS	Mother had made enough kissing boughs to put one in every room , upstairs and down .
va	NNS	Intermittent sconces sent small half spheres of light glowing yellow-orange against the oiled , dark wood .
va	NNS	Pretty good fuel savings . "
va	NNS	Even the sound of her voice could send lewd imaginings through his mind .
va	NN	" I du n no .
va	NN	" And he 's having a great season .
va	NN	he says final y. " No ! "
va	NNS	She sketched the songs , not in words or notes but rough scribbled pictures .
va	NNS	Avoiding his flailing arms and legs , I slashed his bonds and rubbed his hands and feet quickly , desperately .
va	NNS	They took volunteers for that location because not everyone could stomach it .
va	NN	He tossed the biscuit to the ground half way between himself and the large tree sheltering the dog .
va	NN	" Yes - you 'll lose your temper and do something to them - " " No I wont , " lied Ted .
va	NN	" I just lost my appetite .
va	NN	Missy opened the map and found the exit number her mother had marked .
va	NN	Jon related the highlights of the meeting at the Sleeping Buddha , the goal , the stakes , and the danger .
va	NNS	I 'd rather know the odds , straight out .
va	NN	The mix of emotions that this man and this situation caused in her made her shake inside , made her temper flare .
va	NNS	" I 've updated Luc .
va	NN	The man in the black wool coat stepped over her casually , and pointed a very large gun at them .
va	NN	" I 've watched enough TV to know that . "
va	NN	She 'd needed that radio , all right .
va	NN	She pulled the hood of the cloak tighter around her face and pressed on as she rehearsed her request .
va	NNS	You killed hundreds of vampires , but when your teammates mention it you just say it was luck .
va	NN	She could see that and began smoothing out the wrinkles in her lacy dress , her golden locks shimmering down the ruffled back .
va	NN	He shot his elbow into Argos 's face , and the man slumped on his seat , unconscious .
va	NNS	I can ship these three boxes to your parents ' address today .
va	NNS	Having satisfied himself that this looked a suitable hiding place , he reorganised the boxes to create more hiding space , then returned to the bridge .
va	NN	I could jack up the price a little bit , but that would probably demoralize Bubba .
va	NNS	Factories create jobs and economic growth that our state badly needs .
va	NNS	" I wrote these letters to you . "
va	NN	I hate the jumpsuit , always feeling like a wannabe ninja wearing the thing .
va	NNS	Boys always loved challenges and they didn 't remember their promises to girls .
va	NN	Beside each inkpad rested a stamp .
va	NN	Rick admired her courage , and adored her beauty .
va	NN	' Big stinking pile of smug .
va	NNS	It took a few tries , but two months later , I found out I was pregnant .
va	NN	I say , " You prob ' ly gone need more bait .
va	NN	I 've printed out a map online .
va	NN	A man with Forte 's reputation would have the combination of training and instincts that could make for danger .
va	NNS	We made tacos together and had a lot of fun . "
va	NNS	She encountered a few more similar scenes at various locations , accounting for near to fifty or sixty dead soldiers .
va	NN	It had taken her awhile to learn how to deal with the sudden influx of interest .
va	NNS	I had cuts , grazes and some heavy bruising but I was OK .
va	NN	Along the walls hung gear for fencing , boxing , wrestling , and martial arts .
va	NNS	A soft smile touched the edges of Maureen 's mouth .
va	NN	Isabella obligingly started up the RV .
va	NN	I flipped the switch and flinched , almost expecting something terrible to happen .
va	NN	He could hear the screams of the people inside , horrified by what they were witnessing even if they didn 't understand it .
va	NNS	Her mother had barbecued her father 's shorts .
va	NNS	He showed signs of fatigue and his temper flared at the first sign of agitation .
va	NNS	Both of us collect souls .
va	NN	" You don 't have the authority to speak for the firm .
va	NNS	He then heard footsteps coming down the stairway to the hold .
va	NNS	They both were wearing sunglasses .
va	NNS	And the day the shop opened , Mom and I found the framed paintings covering the walls .
va	NNS	We went downstairs to the drawing room together .
va	NN	The silo may be losing population at a rapid rate , but people still needed to get around as they lived their lives .
va	NN	And if these are the same guys , why would they want the helmet ? "
va	NN	That 's right , he breaks the law too ?
va	NN	He probably didn 't even realize the damage he 'd done .
va	NNS	Placing hot rocks in it yielded a nice , pool of warm water in about ten minutes .
va	NNS	With that kind of money she could pay off the exorbitant medical bills her mother had left behind and stop the increasingly threatening collection notices .
va	NN	' Was yours the squid ? ' '
va	NNS	During lean times , this paid the bills .
va	NN	Tom was already taking the doctor 's buggy and horse to Erik 's barn for a little feed and rest after the trip out to the farm .
va	NNS	Then he took out his morning letters , and begin to read , pretending to take no more notice of the old man .
va	NNS	He lowered his brows .
va	NN	Clay tried a dramatic exit too , as if to show his troops that nothing fazed him .
va	NNS	I know the facts .
va	NNS	Every time the buzzing paid me a visit , Alex showed signs of being bothered by something as well .
va	NN	I 've got a condition . "
va	NN	He and Ethan had done serious damage to the Guildhall when they 'd fought over her .
va	NN	She opened her cellphone and began playing a game involving pigs in space .
va	NNS	She braided intricate feathers into strings for her father to hang ( as she also did ) from his tools or weapons .
va	NNS	We always immediately deploy troops to where missile or laser attacks have been launched .
va	NN	They gazed at each other , Catcher telling her things I couldn 't hear over the grate and rumble of the El .
va	NNS	Shaking Nicole had enraged the few conscious captive sailors , and they strained to break away from their bonds and the men who held them .
va	NNS	Lots of Tempest High Leaders have had jobs outside of politics . "
va	NNS	" We have other stones to move you . "
va	NN	" Colt , please go check the barn .
va	NNS	We made our way downstairs to the foyer just as the doors to the palace burst open .
va	NN	Kate smothered a giggle .
va	NN	To do so at this moment would show weakness .
va	NNS	She often had fresh bruises and wounds that left scars on her soft skin .
va	NNS	As I did , I felt the branches under the plastic poking into my ribs and nearly impaling my spleen .
va	NN	Nice and warm -- he could feel the brew filter into his limbs and stir them awake .
va	NN	Empedocles regarded this eternal cycle as the true object of religious worship and denigrated the popular belief in personal deities .
va	NNS	' Who needs cows . '
va	NN	Mike muttered a curse .
va	NNS	Reading it conjured up images of handicapped people , both mentally and physically .
va	NNS	To his left the cliff wall fell away hundreds of feet .
va	NNS	Zane opened the bottles and handed me one .
va	NNS	Without me here they will take over your minds ! "
va	NNS	He was pulling presents out of a backpack and tossing them down chimneys .
va	NN	She fingered the car 's key fob in her palm , and pushed the button unlocking the car .
va	NN	They heard a dog barking .
va	NN	I question your motive . "
va	NNS	Sometimes they die horrible deaths . "
va	NNS	A rush of hot fetid air assaulted his nostrils .
va	NN	He patted her back tenderly .
va	NN	" Attention , please , " Ed said , raising his glass , " I have a toast to make , and an announcement . "
va	NN	He gave the room another inspection , as if the answer was hiding somewhere in the shadows .
va	NN	Psychopaths lack remorse or love and are extremely intelligent , cunning and manipulative .
va	NN	A hand gripped my good forearm as I stumbled and she led me toward the door .
va	NNS	No matter the obstacles .
va	NN	It reflected off the flat , barren bank of the river upon which the little house stood , off the white stones , off the rushing water .
va	NN	But , I do have a family friendly blue van with room for eight and cargo space in the back .
va	NN	* When uniform spoke separately with Paul Grimes and Vic Jackson they simply took the ' no comment ' route .
va	NNS	I set the sodas down on the coffee table , sit down beside her on the sofa , and brush her hair off her shoulder .
va	NN	Hill ground the shifter into first gear and slowly let out the clutch .
va	NNS	More than a few pulled their hats down over their eyes and tried to catch up on some much needed sleep .
va	NNS	How could he ever not have fancied blondes ?
va	NNS	I saw no signs , no mile markers , nothing but trees and dirt road .
va	NNS	Starving , as usual , Luther suddenly craved smoked trout .
va	NNS	" Didn 't it cross your minds that you might need my help ?
va	NN	He raised his t-shirt sleeve and I saw the word Kayla captured in a swirling red ribbon across his shoulder .
va	NNS	Cleaned up blood leftovers . "
va	NNS	You don 't get bruises like that just messing around . "
va	NN	The hunter had a wooden stake grotesquely buried into his skull .
va	NN	Once all had been placed , she pulled her tablet out of her backpack and slid an ear bud into her ear .
va	NNS	" Sebastien gave specific instructions that I 'm to take you directly to the vault .
va	NNS	I had walked circles around graveyards , trailing my mom carefully to avoid accidentally putting a stray foot on someone 's sacred plot .
va	NN	To have an Archangel as a guardian . "
va	NN	" Don 't want some expensive procedure you probably don 't need ?
va	NN	Leaning forward , he kissed her again , an achingly tender brush of his scorched lips across hers .
va	NN	Pickering lost his balance and fell to his knees .
va	NN	In the distance , I heard the scraping of a snowplow .
va	NN	He ran a series of tests and prescribed iron tablets and vitamins because she was anemic .
va	NN	Even after Briggs warned you to back off , you had no intention of doing it .
va	NN	He took a sip , and focused on his first swallow .
va	NN	So , if you see from a different point of view , the hypocrisy has its origin and support in society .
va	NN	He let out a vicious curse and stalked away .
va	NNS	He raised his brows .
va	NN	Brick validated the comment with agreement and a nod .
va	NN	They would toss his corpse into the desert and leave him for the coyotes .
va	NNS	Mind racing , I considered other alternatives .
va	NN	Ares immediately threw off his hood and coat .
va	NNS	Then Edmund clenched his fists .
va	NNS	Jason raised his brows .
va	NN	Isaac tipped the scrap bucket , letting the potatoes , et al , spill into the compost bin .
va	NN	In the trees , buried somewhere in the mist , he heard the rustling and cracking of people approaching , fast , and nodded in satisfaction .
va	NN	" Say cheese . "
va	NN	He deeply resented the reminder of a man whose pristine conduct and fine morals were aspects of character he could never compete with .
va	NN	He gave her a tour all right .
va	NN	I felt a blush creep into my cheeks .
va	NNS	" There are increasing riots throughout the regions .
va	NN	My hands won 't stop sweating , so I wipe them on my jeans .
va	NNS	She saw tops and dresses , which they brought and which she should try on .
va	NN	" And miss the Day of the Red Dawn ?
va	NN	In Afrikaans , that means the origin of life . "
va	NNS	I set the drinks on the table and walked to the restrooms .
va	NN	All six participants except Willy gave out a big cheer and thanked whatever spirit was among them for restoring them without harm .
va	NNS	Sarah , Luke and the children gathered up boughs of fresh greenery to decorate for Christmas .
va	NNS	She replayed the last two sentences stored in her memory banks .
va	NNS	" They 're murdering hundreds of innocents .
va	NNS	Winkler pulled more boxes of toaster waffles out of the freezer .
va	NNS	The orcs generally run around screaming , and burn and pillage the nearby villages of the goblins and various other monsters of your own creation .
va	NNS	Every continent had similar practices .
va	NNS	" I 'm not , " I admit limply .
va	NNS	But , then , he had never heard his neighbors in the dorm .
va	NNS	Grip weak , he undid the cuffs .
va	NN	Instead he and Pops had discussed the dam Gavin had built in Namibia .
va	NNS	At the interview they told her , " Sorry , only married couples . "
va	NN	We got a flashlight inside it .
va	NN	' Ain 't you got any romance in your soul ? '
va	NNS	Physical distance would help steady her nerves , as would comfort food .
va	NNS	Dark , ugly clouds swamped their minds for the past eighteen years .
va	NNS	I had just made pancakes for breakfast and was cleaning up .
va	NNS	Could she read minds ?
va	NNS	" Sometimes we memorize passages here in group .
va	NNS	" I 'm delivering your letters .
va	NNS	We can open presents . "
va	NNS	They finished their drinks and made their way to the dance floor .
va	NNS	Carter manipulated a few switches with a sure touch .
va	NN	I did not kill the priest . "
va	NN	" Have you joined the Order yet ? "
va	NNS	She trapped his wrists in her hands and leaned forward , her weight pinning him to the bed , her breasts bouncing and grabbing his attention .
va	NNS	The ropes were chafing my wrists , and I was starting to feel claustrophobic , tied to him .
va	NNS	" Too bad they didn 't have horns . "
va	NNS	" Does Slim Down also provide snack recommendations ? "
va	NN	Mary took the bucket from Lief .
va	NN	Reid flicked a switch and asked a quick question .
va	NNS	Sloane and I had different schedules , so we were almost never getting ready at the same time .
va	NNS	She 'd had several long conversations with the staff on the subjects of pain control and emergency intervention measures .
va	NN	" Because of the recession the council slashed spending .
va	NN	Fred used that quote in his speech .
va	NN	Tavi watched the Cat in turn , an odd and nagging sense of recognition stirring briefly .
va	NNS	The roads crossed streams and hills and went on for miles , green and alive and refreshing .
va	NNS	" Well , we have cannons for that . "
va	NN	I 've never hated my own race more than I do right now .
va	NNS	They reap the rewards . "
va	NNS	All we have to do is distract the drill sergeants any time one of them comes near you .
va	NNS	We 've conducted many experiments and have connected telepathically a few times under extreme conditions , but it was sustained completely on my side .
va	NN	I flipped over the pamphlet and read the copyright : 1992 .
va	NNS	You couldn 't fool mothers .
va	NN	Gavin is wearing a tux and his dark hair is freshly washed .
va	NNS	The builders had even installed crude elevators for delivering wild beasts or warriors directly to the sands above .
va	NN	He had a pretty good appetite , but eating a god was a little more than he cared for .
va	NN	She 'd never seen the necklace before .
va	NNS	Seeing his home had given her more insights into Christian the man and she relished them .
va	NN	Anna sighed and went to speak when a deep , drawn-out thud !
va	NNS	She wore trousers like the men , gathered at the ankle , but they were brilliantly red even in the dim light .
va	NN	The door shifted just a slight amount .
va	NN	Before Nicolas could reply , the bats rushed the doe , wings flapping , so that the circle appeared solid .
va	NNS	Based on our findings , we make recommendations for improvements , all this being done virtually incognito .
va	NNS	Dr Godfrey consulted her case notes .
va	NN	Maybe they were doing an impromptu brainstorming session .
va	NN	Bret did his damage and has disappeared .
va	NN	Do you not remember the price for refusing my deal ? "
va	NN	I grabbed an onion , chopped it into fine pieces , dumped the pieces in a sauce pan , and sautéed them in oil .
va	NN	He had a neighbor named Bill , a sixty-two year old widower .
va	NNS	" If you can teach me more of your ridiculous language , " said the princess , though some caution still lingered in her eyes .
va	NN	She runs the pad of her thumb over the sharp point .
va	NN	You can 't charge a parent with kidnapping .
va	NN	He snatched her skirt up to her waist , took her by the buttocks and spread her around his hips .
va	NNS	She has definite ideas about the role of women , especially southern women of proper social standing . "
va	NN	" Every single thing you thought has no basis in fact .
va	NNS	I squeeze my fists until my nails dig into the flesh of my palms , inhale deeply , and will away the thought .
va	NN	Dad touched my elbow .
va	NNS	Now people are losing jobs , defaulting on loans , going on unemployment , disability , or welfare and becoming government dependents .
va	NN	You got the wrong judge .
va	NN	I manage a hint of bravado .
va	NN	Jackson had been drying the same blue dish for a long time .
va	NN	He studied every inch of her .
va	NNS	Page after page gave Dallas new ideas and a new concept for finding the clues and the Book of The Archangels .
va	NNS	The terms evoked images of deep-sea operations , and they were oddly appropriate .
va	NN	She turned out the lamp .
va	NN	It dropped a tiny speck that drifted down like a minuscule piece of excrement from a fly .
va	NNS	Over time I can wear down even the rocks . "
va	NNS	She spent half an hour browsing job openings in Angel Butte and neighboring towns .
va	NNS	Connor especially had made his indignant protests against these seemingly arbitrary restrictions on his personal freedom a Conway holiday tradition .
va	NN	A riptide pulled my cousin under the water while he was trying to save her life , and we both lost him .
va	NNS	The idea of witnessing a man trampled to death lifted his spirits .
va	NNS	Blew my parents ' minds .
va	NN	She snapped a photo and looked at the screen .
va	NN	Darius snuffed his third cigarette , the one he lit after they finished the snowman .
va	NNS	Normally a nice bout of murder will lift my spirits , but I couldn 't even remember any details .
va	NN	I search the bushes , but do not see her .
va	NN	All humans , regardless of what human experts say , have a conscience .
va	NN	He doesn 't need the microphone ; his voice is loud enough and strong enough to penetrate my skull and wrap around my brain .
va	NN	Jack lit the cigarette , took a large draw of smoke and looked at Ezra .
va	NN	That day , Runner was giving Olivia a good workout .
va	NN	How much longer could she take this endless anxiety and restlessness ?
va	NN	The man in him wanted her tenderness .
va	NNS	Charlotte knitted her brows in confusion .
va	NNS	Or maybe they simply saw dollar signs .
va	NNS	One had finally gotten the contents of the safe from the clerk and was stuffing his coat pockets with stacks of bills .
va	NN	Carefully , I took a small sip .
va	NNS	Perhaps she heard the silent messages that my heart portrayed , or understood the dying secret that my heart kept .
va	NN	said miss Brown the teacher of the class .
va	NNS	You 're bringing back the foolishness of the mortal world and contaminating our world with it .
va	NN	" Saber , " he growled , cold steel very much in evidence .
va	NN	Hayes kept his momentum .
va	NNS	Eventually they 'd be tracking down demons and fairies and ... And what about Nick ?
va	NNS	It had two boats on the left side , one on the right , and one tied on the end .
va	NNS	She shoved the images aside decisively and forged her resolve .
va	NN	Leo whispered a silent apology to the stars and hung his head low .
va	NNS	Colton gripped the armrests of his seat .
va	NN	She dug her forefinger into Gideon 's coat to find out .
va	NNS	She made her way downstairs and found the house in a flurry of activity .
va	NNS	She plunged her claws into his chest .
va	NN	As he landed amid the mass of revelers , he shed the white hat and coat , removing his disguise and blending into the crowd .
va	NNS	He ordered his musicians to play louder .
va	NN	I don 't hear the fat lady singing .
va	NN	Clark tossed another fireball .
va	NNS	During the winter they would make deals and plans for the following season .
va	NN	But I expect the same courtesy .
va	NNS	We 've got signal traps on all the lines , including the one up top that is already cut .
va	NN	" Our competition has increased their marketing , particularly in Russia and China .
va	NN	He adjusted the radio to the same frequency of the police but there was no communication at the moment .
va	NNS	In that smile , Ethan saw shades of the kid brother he remembered .
va	NNS	I then stowed both cases in a corner of the closet .
va	NN	I choked back a shriek as he vaulted effortlessly over the wall .
va	NNS	" I need exact measurements . "
va	NN	It showed its previous glory through faded and worn colors .
va	NN	" Like maybe some Power from making Cole Reece eat his guinea pig while it was alive ?
va	NN	She had lost confidence in him .
va	NNS	Why didn 't they build more permanent structures ?
va	NNS	He 'd seen wards with symptoms like this before and it turned out they had appendicitis .
va	NN	" I will take the bitch ! "
va	NN	Hayden gripped Liz 's elbow softly and tugged her away from the ticking time bomb .
va	NN	For God 's sake , not now , she thought and ignored the sparks that swarmed where he 'd touched her skin .
va	NN	' ' Oh sorry , I didn 't do geography . "
va	NN	In the end she took a sip of wine and set the glass down very precisely on the table .
va	NN	The policeman had his flashlight on and was looking all around the pick-up when he asked , " Everything okay here , boys ? "
va	NN	Her ribs had a very thin layer of skin covering them .
va	NN	She opened the novel to a bookmarked page and looked for the term .
va	NN	" They know a good eating joint when they find it . "
va	NNS	What do you think Dolores ? "
va	NNS	That 's not dancing the fuckin ' angels on the head of a pin , that 's choreographing the bitches . "
va	NNS	We did not shun our neighbours because they belonged to a different party , for we all lived close together in the town .
va	NN	Then you crack the soft husk , extract the nuts , and put them in that basket . "
va	NN	Got a nest of rats in the building .
va	NN	They won the tournament and had a good time .
va	NNS	" He had two touchdown catches , over 100 combined yards , so he had a great game . "
va	NN	He then asks Cat what I 've been wanting to know .
va	NN	Avery took a sip of the drink , barely tasting it .
va	NN	When I woke up , I had extensive nerve damage and this scar . "
va	NNS	Lando had " borrowed " hundreds of dollars from Budda and never returned any of it .
va	NN	It boasted structural engineering only used by organizations with deep pockets and connections .
va	NNS	" Why were you doing escort duties ? "
va	NNS	With your help , we can build many boats . "
va	NNS	And now Grayson and Alec would sell Mr. Hall 's planes off .
va	NNS	You know martial arts ? "
va	NNS	" I was still irritated with him when we got back to the house , I had no intentions of even talking to him again .
va	NN	" So you 're leading the rebellion now ? "
va	NNS	" I 'm groping strangers , and you think everything 's fine . "
va	NNS	Did you get any messages from your new friend ? "
va	NNS	He gets heaps of offers for events they have at the oval in the off-season .
va	NNS	We 'll include the new appliances , because we can get a dealer discount .
va	NNS	" I 've taken bottles of beer down to their disgusting little barracks at night .
va	NNS	With no time to catch our breath , we steadfastly pushed upwards .
va	NN	Using the map displayed , he plotted a route to the place .
va	NN	Find your brother Kaya and leave this place immediately .
va	NN	She smelled only a hint of roses and disinfectant .
va	NNS	" People post anonymous videos ... the whole idea behind was to shame people who deserved it without having to be blamed for ruining their reputations . "
va	NN	You must make your race known to mankind if this practice is to stop . "
va	NNS	Kara dropped her shorts .
va	NNS	He gathers up some bottles of oil and sets them on a rolling tray next to the massage table .
va	NNS	Peter got two goals Tuesday night in his soccer game .
va	NN	He found the painter , a short rope attached to the bow of the dinghy , and gripped it tightly .
va	NNS	' Karl will retrieve our stuff from the hotel , you have until he returns to tell me what was on the microfilm .
va	NN	He had a cousin who sold used cars and got himself sent away for three years for double and triple mortgaging his inventory .
va	NNS	I 've talked to them about it , they have no regrets .
va	NNS	" I don 't mean milk cows , daughter .
va	NNS	As a scientist himself , and as a man with experience , maybe he might provide some insights .
va	NN	Maybe she could get the pattern from Lydia .
va	NNS	He created the angels .
va	NN	Three small cottages rimmed the perimeter of a spacious back yard of manicured lawn and flower beds .
va	NNS	He 'll never find enough followers to keep those mines for long . "
va	NN	Then he saw an airfield straight in front .
va	NN	Matthew put the quill in his left hand and looked at Amelia .
va	NN	Those that had seen it never needed a repeat performance , and Fidget had definitely seen it .
va	NN	Then , opening its jaw to an amazing extent , the snake engulfed its prey , to general cheers .
va	NN	After a while Amira sighed and commanded the coachman to sit down and enjoy himself .
va	NN	Although we exist in many planes at the same time , we require a certain amount of anonymity to maintain our existence .
va	NN	There might be something ... words , expressions , a mental attitude ... some indication of his intentions .
va	NN	To help with that , I 've rearranged your schedule a bit .
va	NNS	Cold snaps , tight shivers , and exciting little tingles .
va	NN	At the end of the evening he 'd kissed her tenderly and seemed disappointed when she didn 't invite him into her apartment .
va	NNS	This had always puzzled Vimes .
va	NNS	Any man who does not carry himself as such shall receive nine lashes on the bare back . "
va	NN	" I have no issue with them marrying .
va	NNS	It had taken several chapters of Dickens before Clary had finally succumbed to exhaustion and fallen asleep against Jace 's shoulder .
va	NNS	Alongside her , Gerhard watched the preparations .
va	NN	A rubber boot stood upright on the sidewalk , and what looked like a hand was resting on the bushes .
va	NN	Just as I put my hand on the door , I heard a knocking .
va	NN	Dennis obliged the request , but he didn 't turn his back .
va	NNS	Mankind had dozens of names for homeless people , those without careers , houses , families or security .
va	NN	" Oh , to answer your question Bri .
va	NNS	My eyes , however , had other ideas .
va	NNS	Sweat ran down my forearms .
va	NN	So curious , actually , that I 'm following this funny blue orb which seems to be quite determined to guide us somewhere . "
va	NNS	In one of my classes with a mentor , I 'd been working on drawing families , working on photographs , images that captured emotion in time .
va	NN	Guro draped the charm around my neck .
va	NNS	" Tablets , you mean actual ancient Mesopotamian tablets ?
va	NNS	She owned a few different carvings : one of a horse , and a church , and a wooden palisade .
va	NNS	Only imps can use the portals .
va	NNS	Why 'd you bump poor old Herman ? "
va	NNS	" Gabriel can read minds like you can .
va	NN	" Can you imagine the Secret Service hunting for the firestarter , and you 're sitting at the table with the president , looking innocent ? "
va	NNS	On her arms he could see bruises , and he ran a tender finger over them .
va	NN	LaVerne looked a little smug .
va	NNS	In the two and a half days she 'd been gone , the townspeople had organized watches so they wouldn 't be caught by surprise .
va	NNS	Her father slammed the brakes , but the truck screeched and went into a skid .
va	NN	He picked up the Comm unit .
va	NNS	And Anne would forever draw the curtains back open .
va	NNS	" Oh , so you will use the stones within your head . "
va	NN	" One of the Jewish girls , " smoothly started the slave trader in a sweet voice .
va	NNS	He placed the cases on the foyer floor and pressed the Down button .
va	NN	When he suddenly tipped her back to look deep into her eyes , she could 've bet the ranch , that he was going to kiss her .
va	NNS	Jason rattled off several places , some of them pretty advanced courses .
va	NNS	I could smell pancakes being made as well so I know that the morning bustle has started .
va	NNS	" It causes tremors in the fingers .
va	NN	He shrugged off the harness lashing him to the cart .
va	NN	It can inspire madness and despair as much as love and beauty . "
va	NN	Kim 's face held the strongest sway , filling Claire 's mind until she thought it must be imprinted on the inside of her eyelids .
va	NNS	So that Mother so that everyone understands my intentions . "
va	NNS	Please enjoy your appetizers as I begin . "
va	NN	Now , every moment I spend with Noah just inspires more guilt .
va	NNS	You didn 't have any reservations before . "
va	NN	He took off his hat and threw it on the ground , before kicking the tire to his truck .
va	NN	He has just matched my former record .
va	NNS	I heard footsteps behind me as Ava and James came closer .
va	NN	I 've got ambition . "
va	NNS	Demonic magic , of course , has its own wards , which work similarly .
va	NNS	I finally hear sirens as I 'm making my way back to Lake 's car .
va	NNS	We saw the heaps of gold and jewels in the chest , " Verity reminded him , " but the chest is empty now . "
va	NN	I know the precise pattern of colors of the trailers that make up the City on the far side of the ship .
va	NN	Can you hold the fort for a little while ? "
va	NN	19 FACE OFF The heavy tread of footsteps sounded outside the door .
va	NNS	They found the right partners . "
va	NN	I finally had the nerve to look up at Alissa .
va	NN	" Call down the Archangel !
va	NNS	" All the big boys in Manhattan park their planes here .
va	NNS	I drew slow circles on his flat stomach with my fingers .
va	NNS	Would a gold digger stick around for Mitch 's and Nadia 's sakes when he , Rand admitted , had been an ass ?
va	NN	He had his hood up , so his face was in shadow . "
va	NNS	I grabbed the lapels of his jacket , pulling his face down to mine .
va	NN	Someone with fewer powers of observation would never have noticed the tiny shiver that ran through her small body .
va	NN	By the time she came to realize all this about Erik , she had been avoiding the Garnier chapel for almost two weeks .
va	NN	She had a perfect attendance record and didn 't want to blow it .
va	NNS	Except we didn 't have actual parties .
va	NNS	He pushed close to the metal bars .
va	NN	And most shocking of all ... he called Kellan an idiot for letting me walk away .
va	NN	With their lack of discretionary income , Joe B. 's daughters learned the delight of baking Christmas presents .
va	NN	49 did not move an inch , but its breathing increased ever so slightly .
va	NNS	He should have shades on .
va	NNS	She distributed the water bottles to everyone .
va	NNS	Nothing she could have said would have changed their minds anyway .
va	NNS	Into the grimy alley wall he etched several letters .
va	NN	Henna rolled up the map .
va	NNS	We need ideas , people !
va	NN	He wore a helmet with a lowered visor whilst flying , to shield him from the incessant impact of small insects .
va	NNS	They greeted the two pilgrims .
va	NNS	In truth , I thought his ideas to be warped , but in my heart I knew them to be true .
va	NN	He shook the fuzz from his head and grabbed her ankles as she shrieked on the floor and tried to squirm away .
va	NN	After years of breeding and multiplying in the outer atmosphere , there came the inevitable downpour .
va	NNS	She hadn 't expected two signs in one night .
va	NN	He opened the Kerouac novel .
va	NN	Her body , however , staged a highly unsettling rebellion against that edict when she had to dance with him .
va	NN	He didn 't take the hint .
va	NNS	You can still see the edges of the box poking through .
va	NNS	It sent chills up Rachel 's spine , and the gunman swung in the child 's direction .
va	NNS	I can see the images so clearly , but I 'm afraid if I open them I will start crying .
va	NNS	They had their passports taken , cameras taken , and rucksacks searched .
va	NNS	CHAPTER 10 I spent an hour in the gym , sweating out my frustrations , pounding my fists and feet into the punching bag .
va	NN	This method had an additional advantage of providing comfortable resting places for snakes , where they could peacefully digest frogs .
va	NN	I removed my bra slowly , one strap at a time and dropped it to the ground .
va	NN	Finally , the pale , early morning sunlight fingered the carpet beneath the front windows .
va	NN	I could feel the exhale of his moist breath on my skin .
va	NN	" When did you have surgery ? "
va	NNS	But there were extenuating circumstances .
va	NNS	Large light fixtures lined the black edges of the dome 's ceiling , casting an artificial glow .
va	NNS	Sandra had her seat restraints too loose and she somehow hit her head on her console putting a bloody gash on her for head .
va	NN	Pigeon licked his spoon .
va	NN	Even as I said it , I noticed a gray sedan with government plates parked down the alley .
va	NNS	I 've been checking my glucose levels faithfully and even received a total okay from the doctor . "
va	NNS	Her other hand stirred the contents of a pot that rested on top of her wood-burning stove .
va	NNS	The helmet was blocking the limitations of the Underworld - my goddess abilities were back .
va	NNS	Those boys who brought me here tonight had more than a few rough edges .
va	NNS	" They even pay their taxes .
va	NN	Genesee Street presented a fine appearance with many fancy looking mansions kept up in good style .
va	NNS	They did the typical in-flight instructions .
va	NN	As they walked out of the restaurant , he took her elbow to guide her over the slick sidewalks .
va	NNS	At least he knew the tunes of these hymns .
va	NN	And in that wagon -- unknown to her -- came salvation .
va	NN	" Pass a resolution that recognizes the basic civil rights of Cyclops to exist and recognizes their freedoms . "
va	NNS	He fastens the Velcro straps at the sides ; aggressively , angrily .
va	NNS	" Sounds like someone 's carrying a dozen wine bottles in their pants . "
va	NN	She had a bad habit of spurting out whatever was on her mind before thinking about it .
va	NN	Broad leaves slapped the windshield as the speed increased .
va	NNS	We will see no troops from the endeavor .
va	NNS	" What historical sources ? "
va	NN	I excavated the pile from the back of the closet , placing Teel 's lamp in a place of pride on my desk .
va	NN	" That Benji character ? "
va	NN	It had the added advantage of an escape route along the eastern end out onto the rock face above the town .
va	NN	A few feet away Eddie pulled a screwdriver from his toolbox and hammered it through the gas tank .
va	NNS	He pushed aside some bushes and the little group of adventurers looked down upon an array of concrete structures .
va	NNS	Several nearby boulders showed signs of extreme heat exposure and aged scorch damage .
va	NN	Frobisher had instantaneously regained his authority .
va	NNS	Neither they nor aerial reconnaissance detect any signs of a remaining enemy presence . "
va	NNS	Supporters took great risks in getting various bits and pieces out of their workplace .
va	NN	The darkened windows barred the sunlight , and it took Carolyn 's eyes a moment to adjust .
va	NN	he cal ed out to his troops .
va	NNS	If only he could take hold of it -- take hold of the Mother 's gift to the world -- he could force the blackness back .
va	NN	Victoria placed a huge omelet in front of Laci with the order to " Eat . "
va	NN	She kept up that friction , rubbing lightly , and Gwen could feel herself getting wet for him .
va	NNS	His mother 's reassuring voice eases his nerves .
va	NNS	" He has two daughters by two different mothers .
va	NNS	I have too many unfair advantages .
va	NN	For the sake of Eadie and Thomas , Edward needed the favour of Sir Reginald Bray .
va	NNS	Even the prison governor sends his congratulations . "
va	NNS	Huw leaped upwards with ease , but Philip was already lagging behind , in spite of his long legs .
va	NN	Rather , it sat upright on two legs with a pair of short arms folded across its chest .
va	NNS	A large , black Escalade switched lanes when she did .
va	NNS	While she finished eating , he painted his toe nails .
va	NN	He shifted his hat , strategically .
va	NN	Xavier placed a toothpick in his mouth .
va	NN	A curly-haired guy in sunglasses gave me the once-over as he walked past me .
va	NN	He snagged a sausage from the plate .
va	NN	Though , I fear the horses would sense Simone 's character , and not allow her to ride them .
va	NNS	They poison your minds .
va	NNS	Instead of the carefully orchestrated events the girls had , the guys just threw parties .
va	NN	I 've cleared up the robbery of the old violins but that was mostly luck .
va	NN	She had a degree in history from the University of California at Santa Cruz .
va	NNS	They have great qualities .
va	NNS	Or not call elections .
va	NNS	Money has its advantages and he most likely trusted our christening wouldn 't cause any noticeable damage to the place . "
va	NNS	I didn 't feel traumatized .
va	NN	Because if it is , you can take the big slide . "
va	NN	" Normally , I would find that creepy , but on you ... it 's kind of hot . "
va	NN	He offered her his elbow .
va	NNS	Apparently , John had many admirers who wanted to see him off .
va	NNS	He can hear Mr. Kent 's footsteps in the garage .
va	NNS	The patches regain their original colours and slide away from one another in a slow , graceful explosion .
va	NNS	As he toys with the knife that Prospero threw at him , I hear footsteps .
va	NN	Then he touched Chelsea 's elbow as if to ease her out of the room , but she jerked away from the contact .
va	NN	He unwrapped the elastic bandage slowly , so slowly she knew he was giving her the time to readjust with every motion .
va	NN	In response to his request , she brought us a pitcher of ale , which I privately thought was disgusting .
va	NN	He bowed his acknowledgement , his mind racing .
va	NNS	Around us , the shadow beings fought the vines holding them back , slithering through the coils like snakes , their chill coating everything with frost .
va	NN	Parker clicked the hammer back .
va	NN	" Give your boyfriend my regards . "
va	NN	" Did some work , " she took a sip of her drink .
va	NN	He took Machi 's spear and broke it over his own knee .
va	NNS	" So I 've watched all the videos from your other conferences and have to say you 're so inspirational .
va	NNS	The men at the tables raise their mugs and cheer .
va	NNS	The sound of twisting metal drowned out my pleas , and half a dozen bewildered voices rose above the commotion .
va	NN	Apparently they were going shopping .
va	NN	Benji took a small sip and looked across , staring Rock in the eyes .
va	NNS	He settled his hammy fists on his hips .
va	NN	The children and William take a plethora of photographs , ensuring they get every angle .
va	NNS	I dropped the bolts I was handling back into the little plastic bin .
va	NNS	The elevation rose thousands of feet and he exerted himself to return before nightfall .
va	NNS	He had ruled out dozens of suggestions , many of them too stupid to contemplate .
va	NNS	She couldn 't separate her wrists , so she gripped the stele awkwardly in both hands .
va	NNS	" I 'll transfer my credits to the college there . "
va	NN	Fortunately , the knights of the Order had a nasty habit of magically tracking the thieves and coming down on them like a ton of bricks .
va	NNS	Dex slid his sunglasses down his nose , but before he could say anything , Romy leaned over .
va	NN	If so , Sasha had no comment .
va	NN	You might have a concussion . "
va	NN	I owe you a tremendous apology for letting this go on so long . "
va	NN	I need vodka . "
va	NNS	They offer halfhearted farewells .
va	NN	With a mixture of dread and awe , she pulled out the photograph of her inexplicable youth .
va	NNS	They released small barbs at the necks and faces of the delegation .
va	NN	" Aaah ... " Staffan had freed his dick from his pants and was now slipping his hand under her skirt .
va	NNS	Even now , with their bodies fevered with need , he didn 't make sweet promises he had no intention of keeping .
va	NN	Did ... " " Hello , " Allison was interrupted by a tall , older gentleman .
va	NN	I never could figure em out .
va	NN	He laid a pile of large canvas squares on his desk as if he were placating some wild animal .
va	NNS	I had dealings with him before I came into Homicide . "
va	NNS	It 'd take a certain stubbornness to hold out , people who loved this land more than she 'd ever loved a particular location .
va	NNS	" Rise and shine , princess . "
va	NN	Ryder yanked the stake from his chest .
va	NNS	He would take matters into his own hands .
va	NN	I buttoned a summer cardigan right up to my neck and rolled down the sleeves .
va	NN	" Got a theory on that ? "
va	NN	I move my paintbrush in a sweeping movement to the melody of songbirds and the hum of honeybees buzzing from flower to flower .
va	NN	Wendy eyed the charm as though it were a poisonous snake .
va	NNS	And she still nurtured those plants herself , despite grumblings from the head gardener .
va	NN	" By the way , I don 't look g * y in leather . "
va	NN	He grimaced and rubbed the sore joint , but then smiled as the princess began gloating .
va	NN	He complained his tummy hurt ; so I would try the natural remedies like ginger tea , rice , or applesauce .
va	NNS	I can hear the loud protests of the passengers still on the plane , right up until the door is clicked closed behind us .
va	NN	Jack placed his lantern on the ground , put down his shovel and then thrust his spade into the mound of earth .
va	NN	I 'll do the cleaning .
va	NN	He grabbed the map he 'd marked the previous night and got out of the truck .
va	NN	" But they changed that page .
va	NNS	In addition to the potato salad , I doctored up baked beans with brown sugar and mustard and baked a carrot cake for dessert .
va	NN	A kid beside them holds a home-made poster .
va	NN	Two others sitting at a table stood bolt upright , their wooden chairs flying backward and crashing to the floor .
va	NN	" Twenty minutes , Sir , " and then continued his sprint to the chopper .
va	NNS	He watched the indications of brain activity on the large screen near the bed .
va	NN	Hunter worked the early shift at the arcade yesterday .
va	NN	He has the shakes and is sweating badly .
va	NNS	" Nonsense , " Grandma Turner said briskly .
va	NN	Sitting on the sofa , he saw the teenager from his last Crime Tour , fiddling with his phone .
va	NNS	" Did the girls change their minds ? "
va	NNS	He made dozens of copies and sent out his stories at random , choosing only by required length .
va	NN	I could hear traffic whooshing by on the interstate , but the silence hung over this bleak parking lot .
va	NN	We couldn 't see the ocean from where we stood , but we could hear it , smell it , and taste it .
va	NN	The mere mention of a mother released a tsunami of painful questions she 'd never been able to answer .
va	NNS	It filled her nostrils and caused her mouth to water in response .
va	NN	He probably saw my nervousness because soon he started to laugh .
va	NN	She took another sip of water and kept her head down .
va	NNS	Somehow , probably with the help of Asif , he had acquired long flowing robes of Arab design .
va	NN	Couldn 't take the guilt that came with his unstoppable actions .
va	NNS	We all wear our fates around our necks like you wear that little hammer . "
va	NNS	They had the experiences of a pregnant woman , but magnified almost beyond endurance .
va	NNS	Her tight white dress showed the curves that would drive any man wild .
va	NN	" I have a conscience now .
va	NNS	" Oh yeah ... roommates . "
va	NN	He took another sip of beer , stalling .
va	NNS	" I hate my cousins .
va	NNS	They sent chills down my spine whenever he looked at me .
va	NN	He doesn 't like my spending so many evenings and weekend days at David and Eliza 's .
va	NN	He shifted his aim to the leader , but he had disappeared somewhere into the now frantic , stampeding crowd .
va	NNS	If so , you must grow your beauties uncommonly close together .
va	NN	Mark stepped off the bus and jogged toward them .
va	NNS	Oh , Ethan might grieve his little princess for a while , but he 'll get over it . "
va	NNS	Again , just like with his strange attack in the alley with the headache , Michael wasn 't buying any coincidences .
va	NNS	She had recently moved jobs before their trip to Turkey .
va	NN	She slipped the jewel into a small pouch and pulled the drawstring tight .
va	NN	" Just sit tight buddy .
va	NNS	" When it comes to family he takes his duties seriously . "
va	NN	We have the advantage now .
va	NNS	Using his makeshift hammer , Max pounded several nails into each of the sliding elevator doors .
va	NN	You 'll get a bandage and maybe crutches for a few days . "
va	NN	I 'd give him the benefit of doubt .
va	NNS	With quick , efficient movements , he folded the horse blankets and tossed them over the wall .
va	NNS	I started developing situations arising from the basic premise and Jed would make a suggestion here and there .
va	NN	He recalled the hag , the ale , the missing linen and even his betrothed 's horrific breath .
va	NNS	" I 've been reading up on a new trend in fitness , " he told his assembled ' troops ' .
va	NNS	The doors behind us swing open and two walkers come in , bearing their bloody mouths towards us .
va	NNS	" Liar , " Sheila said briskly .
va	NNS	" I 've got some ideas .
va	NNS	Elizabeth packed quickly then checked her messages .
va	NN	With some show of regret , Silk closed the pouch and tucked it back under his belt .
va	NN	Ali flung it into the ditch behind us as Brad put the donut in place .
va	NNS	How much scrutiny could her new driver 's license withstand ?
va	NNS	He didn 't remove his sunglasses , which saved her the effort of pretending that she didn 't notice his tic .
va	NN	They approached a work van backed up under one of the tarps .
va	NNS	It didn 't help matters that he had refused to own up to his end of the bargain given to him by his deceased father .
va	NNS	You have any ideas ? "
va	NNS	We 'd commandeered the computers in the Design lab for the day to do post-grad research .
va	NNS	Most pairs can find common bonds to last in a short term .
va	NNS	That 's right , people actually read newspapers here .
va	NN	He had pulled back his deep hood to reveal his long tentacles that laid like long , thick dreads .
va	NNS	Some very strong band of union , indeed , must surely bind these two strange persons together !
va	NNS	They had spent lifetimes protecting it .
va	NN	I could feel my cheeks flushing and I stared down at my bottle .
va	NN	" I lost my appetite . "
va	NNS	Just then , my cell phone rings in the kitchen .
va	NNS	" It discourages unwanted visitors . "
va	NNS	He braced his forearms on the edge of the table .
va	NNS	The two of them had very different goals .
va	NN	And he held up his stump .
va	NNS	" God , Joseph , you have the strangest ideas . "
va	NNS	He 'd obviously seen too many horror movies .
va	NN	Whoever she hired would not risk exposure of any kind .
va	NN	Lucy Ann felt a stab of guilt .
va	NNS	" Why are you only taking three rockets ? "
va	NN	They found the corpse in the closet of Alcide 's apartment , and they hatched a plan to hide his remains . "
va	NNS	If I can but perceive that purpose , I might make some preparations .
va	NN	She took aim and fired twice .
va	NN	She had been promised her own division of the company , eventually ; as long as she worked hard and remained diligent .
va	NN	Then it obtained its freedom and kept it even to the end of the Roman occupation .
va	NN	His buddy would steer the bike up onto the sidewalk , he 'd hook his arm through the strap , and away they 'd go . "
va	NN	Edd almost lost balance , feeling the earth shake under his feet .
va	NN	Officers would only run along the bank of the stream where a little-known trail would quickly be met .
va	NN	I may rouse your wrath , but I also make you burn with need .
va	NNS	Katie wanted tacos , and I wanted a turkey wrap and fries , so we split up to order .
va	NN	He needed the assistance of a blacksmith to make the objects .
va	NN	Instead , I keep the apology short and sweet .
va	NN	" I agree one-hundred percent .
va	NN	" Take off your bra , " he commanded , " and grab that chair you have in the corner .
va	NNS	Then , too , there were the Thanksgiving Holiday festivities to deal with thrown into the mix , not to mention school events involving Jack and Amanda .
va	NNS	If a chip still has problems , then the override permanently disables the chips and the weapon . "
va	NNS	" The castle also hides many subtler passages .
va	NNS	I could hear the echoing footsteps of both as they ascended .
va	NNS	She dumped out the organs and ripped out the skeleton .
va	NN	His tone reflected his usual cocky self .
va	NNS	You will skim sentences and dance on the tips of apostrophes .
va	NN	" She has an excellent education . "
va	NNS	Some officials had favorite keepers that they used like personal servants , but I was always assigned to the mine at Cold Pass Mountain .
va	NN	And anyway , no one enforces that rule .
va	NN	She tested her theory by forcing her legs over the side of the bed .
va	NN	Using telekinesis to restrain an entire person took a ridiculous amount of spirit , and I was running out .
va	NN	" Did everything fit alright ? "
va	NN	I prop my elbow on the console and place my hand on his cheek .
va	NNS	Silence accompanies their travels for quite some time ... .
va	NN	I grabbed a tube of ketchup from the kitchen table , opened the cap , and aimed it at her .
va	NNS	" Why do you always have different animals with you ? "
va	NN	I would appreciate your cynicism .
va	NNS	How many worlds had he watched die ?
va	NN	The blankets provided a warm cocoon as I readjusted the pillow beneath my head and snuggled deeper .
va	NNS	Could be the mountain 's dug her claws into you .
va	NNS	Why had the first search party found signs of Angelina having left the village alive ?
va	NNS	Offer your sacrifices , show proper deference and respect , and the gods would smile upon you .
va	NN	Instead , he faced the toilet and threw up for the nth time .
va	NNS	Both wore the robes of stewards , and while their eyes bespoke exhaustion , their robes and hands were clean .
va	NN	He lowered the Taser .
va	NN	Chapter 23 Vlad 's gaze blazed a brighter shade of emerald .
va	NN	Their father would swat his straw hat at them as they ran through the vines .
va	NNS	I have two types of brownies here ... " She reached over and set each container on the table .
va	NN	" You don 't like that solution , do you ? "
va	NN	He pushed off his raincoat and let it drop .
va	NN	He poured some more rum into his glass and took a sip .
va	NN	I remembered Simon 's comment about Kiernan 's interference .
va	NNS	Painter stepped past Kai , who still remained tethered to the woman .
va	NN	The displayed file explained the solution to the Jefferson cipher .
va	NN	I am very active and athletic , work at a ski resort , I teach skiing and also work on the first aid team .
va	NN	She didn 't need the extra complication of the sexual relationship she could easily envision developing between them .
va	NNS	He could have ripped open their chests and spilled their guts .
va	NNS	If someone stole that pile of trash you should count your blessings . "
va	NN	Why didn 't Messick get his own expert witness who he wouldn 't have to force to take the stand ?
va	NN	Blake kept her anchored , his tongue swirling around her , chasing , and coaxing tiny building spasms deep inside her body .
va	NN	Flattery saw the pattern of it then : The decision had to be his own .
va	NNS	Victoria told both officers that the men with her were her protection .
va	NNS	Except this one didn 't have any ropes to hold onto .
va	NN	She and Jim had a strategy session and there was a general staff meeting .
va	NN	He gathered his courage , twisted the knob and stared through the partially opened door .
va	NN	" We 'll take the express route . "
va	NN	He 'd released his latest album just a month ago and already it was top of the charts both home and internationally .
va	NNS	Some data was encrypted and required RF codes .
va	NN	He hit the throttle , and the engine behind us roared to life .
va	NN	I have every intention of marrying you . "
va	NNS	Substitute pizza boxes , and he was right .
va	NN	He watched Belinda 's profile stain with heat again before she walked over to help another child .
va	NN	I shifted my skirt around my waist .
va	NNS	" Next time I 'll wear sneakers . "
va	NNS	They had stolen a few business deals , but it would be nothing like what was coming in the near future .
va	NNS	Deciding not to get into another fight with her , he dropped the three rabbits he 'd caught .
va	NNS	I couldn 't believe the sensations coursing through me .
va	NNS	I see the demons trying to grab him once more , but he passes right through and lands with a final thud on the deck .
va	NNS	How incredibly lame is that ? "
va	NN	" No one wants murderer .
va	NN	She was embracing that quote along with her mistakes .
va	NNS	She 's kept her promises and I mean to keep mine . "
va	NN	Did this phrase have any deep significance to his life ? "
va	NN	The politician was now serving a life sentence in prison .
va	NNS	Leaning forward , he set his forearms on his knees .
va	NNS	He drew the blankets closer around his shoulders , turned onto his belly , concentrated on drawing slow , deep breaths to calm his pulse .
va	NNS	She had ideas about the dish 's identity but refrained from passing judgment .
va	NNS	Just follow the instructions . "
va	NN	She whispered something shyly in his ear , glancing my way with overly large deep brown eyes .
va	NN	As soon as I 'm up and showered , I give his room a call , hoping we can have a chat and sort things out .
va	NNS	It was not , as might have been expected , the foreign visitors to his city that were the problem .
va	NN	Only the least part has served , or ever shall , a beast , a man , or a god .
va	NNS	Sergio looked terrified and had shrunk back against the wall in his booth , the other caddies staring at him .
va	NN	The captain finally approached his crew , who was with John the day of the occurrence and asked them to identify anything of his from the debris .
va	NNS	The librarians had never watched the films but acknowledged that they were real and housed in their stacks .
va	NN	Simone could not halt her faint grimace .
va	NNS	We enter our digits into each other 's phone .
va	NNS	I sensed hundreds of creatures in the brambles fleeing for their lives .
va	NN	- She would show a representation of the Shroud man 's face , with swollen eye and left cheek from blows to the face .
va	NNS	She had safety precautions up the proverbial . "
va	NN	Thinking William didn 't clean his brush , my eyes tear across them all .
va	NNS	The middle finger had two claws , about a quarter inch apart .
va	NNS	But he didn 't have any messages and his chores offered little distraction .
va	NN	Carries himself like a fighter . "
va	NN	The man loved that ranch and cared for it every bit as meticulously as J.D. had himself .
va	NNS	I could feel the irises spinning behind my eyes .
va	NN	He pulled the strap off over his head and handed the guitar back to Sam .
va	NNS	He flashed the light upwards .
va	NN	She always had some complaint or suggestion .
va	NN	Who hands a bomb to kids ?
va	NN	" I 'll just take Leslie 's bike ! "
va	NN	Hearing it still sent a stab through me .
va	NNS	You like old movies , too .
va	NN	The females gave birth twice a year , most of the babies die at an early age , so they need to keep the females pregnant .
va	NN	" They will have our assistance . "
va	NNS	With this he quickly cut their bonds .
va	NN	Then she took another sip of wine and had to look like he 'd just given her nectar from heaven .
va	NN	The building could use a free-lance secretary .
va	NNS	I could see a few wrinkles around her eyes .
va	NNS	We could see all the curves and bends , but not state or city lines .
va	NNS	That sent chills down Kennedy 's spine .
va	NN	He felt something brush against his leg .
va	NNS	It took seven officers to pull him off and stick him in a cell alone .
va	NNS	" Not until I get those letters .
va	NN	I have orders Evie and they aren 't yours . "
va	NN	He takes the dollar out of my hands and nods us away .
va	NN	Charlie made some cinnamon toast with light butter , and coffee all around .
va	NNS	" Immortals can often read other immortals too .
va	NN	Nora almost made a rude retort but held her tongue when she realized the skeleton man was dead .
va	NNS	Am I overstepping my bounds ?
va	NN	" You noticed my lucky tie . "
va	NNS	Despite a thorough search of the ruins , the sailors found no other survivors .
va	NN	Veronica ignored Bill 's condition ; it wasn 't polite to be nosy .
va	NNS	He waited a few heartbeats and tried again .
va	NN	Didn 't find the murderer you were looking for ? "
va	NNS	We too flung bystanders from our path .
va	NN	Jennifer 's parents had given him their blessing to try to win her back .
va	NNS	Dillon had enough credits to get them each a cup .
va	NN	He could feel his heart pulsing behind his eyes .
va	NN	They also had a maid , who came in three days a week , and why not , Tamsin was rich .
va	NN	At the word , I felt a jab of panic .
va	NNS	They have notable successes .
va	NNS	" They took good notes on each other , good references , and good application of that new information .
va	NN	He mustered his courage .
va	NNS	" No I won 't , just use your vines to keep the mouth open ! "
va	NN	" Probably some jealous competitor . "
va	NN	Couldn 't see any value in that .
va	NNS	No , I can 't read minds over the telephone line , but I could read it in his voice .
va	NNS	To date we just don 't have any real ideas .
va	NN	He picked up the telephone and spun the dial , calling the police department .
va	NNS	She then pulled the pins out of her hair , letting the long , red tresses fall down her back .
va	NNS	I picked up Mr. Black 's notes and compared , hoping it was a coincidence .
va	NNS	We walked towards the cities small gate , I saw archers on top of the walls keeping a close eye on the goings on below .
va	NNS	But you should really have all your facts before you go around accusing . "
va	NN	Don 't give me that bullshit .
va	NN	At several intervals I remember the whole tribe coming together to make circle after circle after circle .
va	NN	You rode your bike here ? "
va	NN	That anger would make her boil over .
va	NN	She took a tentative sip .
va	NN	I took another sip .
va	NNS	They picked up their communication devices and found that each chip had been programed to their individual brain patterns .
va	NN	Gabriel gripped his hammer in his hand and roared a regal challenge that echoed down into the dark .
va	NN	I shone my flashlight on the item in his hands , or in this case , items .
va	NN	Chris Van Horn , a lead scientist , wraps up the briefing and asks for questions .
va	NN	" Why should we go shopping ? "
va	NNS	Marie had been given strict instructions not to let anyone in my office without my explicit permission .
va	NNS	She had already made preparations to take you into hiding before Ester and Chase visited her .
va	NN	She popped a shrimp in her mouth and chewed .
va	NN	" My father hated the Erudite , so I learned to hate them too , and everything they did with their time .
va	NN	I met her halfway with a long counter in between us .
va	NN	CHAPTER TWENTY Terrance experienced no difficulty securing sleeping accommodations at a small motel close to the interstate , right inside the Harmony city limits .
va	NN	" Do you race there ? "
va	NN	Jase suddenly felt a spark of hope .
va	NN	Here , Mrs. Johnson expressed her heartfelt sympathy , and Mr. Johnson frowned .
va	NNS	That snooty , presumptuous , overconfident tone you have when you have zero redeeming qualities !
va	NN	" I 'll call the bank . "
va	NN	" Your group did you proudly , our ships picked up your beacon several days ago .
va	NN	I already saw a flaw in this ; I was surprised Cora didn 't speak up first .
va	NNS	I see twenty-five grand in the bank , and the next day , twelve disappears , just like that .
va	NN	It 'll require cleaning and then I 'll have to stitch him up again . '
va	NNS	He walked her downstairs and sat her down on the couch .
va	NNS	I saw signs that someone had gone through our stuff in the room . "
va	NNS	And why had I never felt these sensations before ?
va	NN	Though severely wounded , he held the shooter until Special Forces arrived to disarm the suspect .
va	NNS	If you went back and just counted deaths from Classic AIDS based on the original and correct definition ? "
va	NN	" Why did you perform the transfusion ? "
va	NNS	Leave the machines alone ! "
va	NNS	Looking down at it , Nova could see two large gashes on the neck and behind its leg .
va	NN	He knew this combination as something to be searched for in books , films , music , and findable in his own diaries .
va	NN	Mitchell took another sip of coffee and lowered his mug very slowly .
va	NN	He needed a new binder , or at least , the pages that were missing right away .
va	NN	I have no authority to make commitments on behalf of the Government . "
va	NNS	" Nails , love , watch your nails . "
va	NNS	He recalled the powerful manacles that Lily had used on him while in Rome , so Adrien summoned that same power .
va	NNS	Which I did , after I had " accidentally " printed out the entire contents .
va	NN	" God , take a pill . "
va	NN	" I have a supervisor .
va	NNS	" Move your asses .
va	NN	" It means the birth of a child , conceived in that marriage . "
va	NNS	How had she not seen the signs ?
va	NNS	My current foe understands the minds of others in a way that I cannot hope to match .
va	NN	At last , she could see the veneer he 'd tried to put around himself cracking .
va	NNS	They reported the comings and goings of her husband , but no other person came near the old house .
va	NNS	Once he reached the base of the tree he called upwards in his all too cheery voice .
va	NNS	And I want two vials of her blood sent to me .
va	NN	You 've just described a Seeker .
va	NNS	If he was to exist no more then that would mean no more experiments with Professor Honeywell .
va	NN	Something heavy hits the dome ; cracks appear .
va	NN	His whole body was shaking so hard he could not keep his balance .
va	NNS	She clenched her fists and tightened her legs , preparing to lash out at her attacker .
va	NN	Every wall contained artwork and furniture that had my father and I drooling .
va	NN	You 'll just look up my skirt if I go after you . "
va	NN	I grab my helmet and walk over to the coach .
va	NN	Oh , she wrote an app for , wait .
va	NNS	Bill had forced some painkillers down his throat and tended to his particularly nasty wounds .
va	NN	In all his nineteen years he had never seen such destruction .
va	NNS	" I was speaking figuratively . "
va	NNS	Finally , I couldn 't take the sensations anymore and I bowed my back , crying out loudly as my climax shuddered through me .
va	NNS	Over the years , enthusiasts had carved hundreds of miles of trails that crisscrossed the region .
va	NNS	He layered sensations with each press and bite , until she felt devoured , until she was overloading .
va	NN	Debbie edited the jumble of words and told me how to make them better .
va	NNS	" Rewarding instead the council house teenage mothers who do nothing other than reproduce on society 's money .
va	NN	" You have the advantage on me , Ms. ... ? "
va	NNS	Instead of torturing myself with useless wishes for something that couldn 't be , I could face the hard facts and force myself to keep going .
va	NNS	The third floor had bathrooms , a cafeteria with a kitchen and a library with overstuffed comfortable chairs .
va	NN	Bickel finished the final tie of the G-20 assembly , stood up , and rubbed the small of his back .
va	NN	I clutched my latte and walked over , trying to smooth out the nerves that had me close to spilling the contents all over the floor .
va	NN	He ruled the remark out of order , but he could not order twelve men to not hear what they had just heard .
va	NN	Wait ... " The first human rounded the bend , puffing the white gas from their mouths .
va	NNS	Never mind , it only had ice cubes left in it . '
va	NNS	After compost is created , we must plunder any and all seed banks to grow crops .
va	NNS	" Come back to me , my Lukas . "
va	NNS	" The Garden nurtures our spirits , our ... souls .
va	NN	The very idea made her skin crawl .
va	NN	" I don 't want your apology .
va	NNS	He 'd put all the stones in my room , on my pillow .
va	NNS	Of course , he and Clary had shared beds often , from the time they were five until they were about twelve .
va	NN	" Find a Spirit Mage to heal you , then spend the rest of the day in the kitchens ! "
va	NNS	His hair was nearly as dark as his tuxedo , his skin lightly tanned , his eyes framed by arrogantly slashed brows .
va	NNS	How she lost both her daughters to tuberculosis and her husband shortly after .
va	NN	He picked another twig from the bush and twirled it around with his fingers .
va	NNS	She told the uncles about their adoption petition and the judge 's ruling about obtaining the biological father 's consent .
va	NN	" You have good aim with rocks . "
va	NNS	" He keeps his opinions to himself . "
va	NN	But it takes concentration . "
va	NN	Behind them , Jolene heard the throaty roar of Harley-Davidson motorcycles .
va	NN	I 'd sit around the palace gossiping with others my age , but otherwise , there wasn 't much chance for fun .
va	NN	Call and bother his widow or try to get more info about him some other way .
va	NNS	That would only complicate matters , don 't you think ? "
va	NN	I could hear the screams , smell the burning buildings , and taste the grit of battle .
va	NN	We made our unknown gentleman as comfortable as possible in the bed of the wagon , and his wife crawled in beside him .
va	NN	" You 're g * y ?
va	NNS	When he turned to smile at her , her stomach did flip-flops .
va	NNS	That also created countless dark passages in which he knew danger was possible .
va	NN	She took a sip of soda .
va	NN	I dropped the stake and loosened my hold on my brother .
va	NN	I have asked the gate master for guidance .
va	NNS	" What other animals do you have ? "
va	NNS	Mason 's behavior had exposed some weaknesses for her to exploit .
va	NNS	" If only I could help you face facts , then maybe you wouldn 't keep doing this to yourself . "
va	NN	James has a closed character , and yours is open , so you don 't understand him , that 's all . '
va	NN	I shone my flashlight and saw that there was an old wooden ladder leading down to ... Where ?
va	NN	He in turn lost his own balance and sat down hard , the Honorable Caroline atop him .
va	NNS	I heard loud footsteps behind me as Cole ran to catch up .
va	NN	I 'm thrown off balance as my hand jerks on the throttle , causing the craft to bank right , hard .
va	NN	The knight gave a quick grunt and collapsed .
va	NN	I set my helmet down , and started back toward the team .
va	NNS	We all have our weaknesses . "
va	NN	Perry knew the second he stepped out into the open , if he wasn 't shot on the spot , he 'd likely incite an outright revolt .
va	NN	" This stone , when wet , draws iron to its heart . "
va	NN	" Follow your heart Rory , and you 'll find the way . "
va	NN	For the vibrant , seductive woman with just the right hint of naivete to charm even a jaded reporter .
va	NNS	With the lightest of touches that sent helpless chills through her .
va	NNS	" They all just say ' thump thump thump thump thump . ' "
va	NNS	Someone else knows the codes to the locked doors .
va	NNS	We both loved parties and music .
va	NNS	He 'd hurt more than just Nicole .
va	NNS	" Yes , you can win battles with a god . "
va	NN	" You have the added bonus of the ocean .
va	NNS	" Uncle Ray can watch cartoons without me . "
va	NNS	While he 's gone she examines the contents of the jars .
va	NNS	He described the doughnuts and the muffins , a preemptive strike against Lou Dell , who lingered near the door .
va	NNS	I passed a half dozen well-dressed couples , ranging from old to young .
va	NN	" I 've got another theory .
va	NN	Slaughterhouse If anything , Stalker understated the chaos and carnage .
va	NNS	Fat cows and woolly sheep dotted emerald fields bisected with rough hedgerows or silvery gray rock walls .
va	NNS	" Nick , perhaps Mother would have some ideas how you might broach the matter with Sarah . "
va	NN	She spun the wool over his eyes until he lost the ability to accuse her of anything more than falling under her sisters ' influence .
va	NN	He felt a tap on his shoulder and jumped so high that the librarian had to ask him if he was okay .
va	NN	" Why didn 't you get a degree ? "
va	NNS	I felt tingles down my spine .
va	NNS	It sent shivers down Arthur 's spine -- they were about to enter the unknown !
va	NN	Vela sensed Samuel 's thoughts shift , a kind of sliding into the dark experiences of his past .
va	NNS	We ´ re no super-powered beings .
va	NNS	His warm voice brushed liquid syllables over her .
va	NN	A counselor at her school noticed her withdrawal and invited Jean to her office for a " talk " .
va	NNS	" When 's Eirik coming downstairs ? "
va	NNS	" You can read horses ' minds .
va	NNS	He pulled out the coffee thermos and cups and poured coffee for all of them .
va	NNS	With lightning speed , the pilot had knocked down all the alternatives Clay had suggested .
va	NNS	" I 'm glad we got that settled , " she said briskly .
va	NNS	Just like the days back on Hermes , I get data dumps .
va	NNS	He 'd been suffering the pangs of frustrated desire for his bride for too long .
va	NNS	I offered the drinks , but he wanted to keep going further .
va	NN	This star drive folds the imaginary component of negative energy to produce an order of magnitude increase in speed .
va	NNS	We found a dozen small crosses over here , but there 's nothing written on them .
va	NN	Why is she not wearing a leash ? "
va	NN	When they were in lab , he heard a teacher mentioning Seth 's lack of teacher recommendation forms .
va	NNS	And you do have some bows to tie . "
va	NNS	We must draw all our forces now behind the walls .
va	NNS	Had the Founding Fathers known about this lost tribe reaching these shores ?
va	NNS	Again and again without exception each screen displayed chaotic situations occurring around the globe .
va	NNS	* * * Ashe finished two protein drinks on the way to the restaurant .
va	NNS	" In that case , Mitchell , I see no insurmountable obstacles to my participating in your wedding to Kate .
va	NNS	They had seen the warrior monks descending in the fountain in front of the monastery to fight the battle of All Saints .
va	NN	Diana ceremoniously placed the quartz in her open palms .
va	NNS	" Did you see the headlines today ? "
va	NN	He suddenly took the helicopter down and found a place to land .
va	NNS	He never left clues behind .
va	NN	She took her lantern and walked away .
va	NN	Parker held the cuff of his leather jacket over his nose .
va	NNS	At first they had contained their conversations to work anecdotes , but as the rapport between them became more comfortable , their topics expanded .
va	NNS	Her present thoughts matched the velvet blackness of the night .
va	NNS	Please don 't conjure such frightful images . "
va	NN	" I had the original pattern tattooed to remind me that this life is a bonus . "
va	NNS	I checked out my nails after we had climbed back in the truck .
va	NN	He 's gaining assurance and becoming one hell of a lover and very sensitivity to me .
va	NN	" Magic requires almost as much physical exertion as farming or fighting .
va	NNS	She 'd attended hundreds of grand rounds in her life , and the patients were invariably asked if the doctors peering down at them made them nervous .
va	NNS	Then she heard footsteps coming from the depths of the room .
va	NN	He pushed down the guilt before it could grow .
va	NN	I want my daddy . "
va	NN	Her two younger siblings didn 't relieve any anxiety , either .
va	NNS	Mrs. Caldwell held firm opinions about nearly everything .
va	NNS	This caused many epic battles between them , eventually leading to God banishing her from Eden and then creating Eve .
va	NNS	French warriors killed Fox warriors , and Fox warriors killed French .
va	NN	And share this court with me . "
va	NN	Most lawyers charge forty-five or fifty percent . "
va	NN	For the first time Maia felt a thread of panic unfurl beneath her rib cage .
va	NNS	The smell of fried plantains tickled Spencer 's nostrils .
va	NN	He caught her elbow , keeping her upright .
va	NN	Maybe she should dye her hair blonde .
va	NNS	" I love these gardens and I hadn 't had a chance to walk through them yet .
va	NNS	She had tried gentle hints and suggestions up until now , and she hated to hurt Simon 's feelings .
va	NNS	He was just filling up the spaces between seconds with self importance and promises he would never keep .
va	NN	" You don 't watch much TV , do you ? "
va	NN	He noticed a small gap in the back hedge and walked through .
va	NNS	" I didn 't get drinks . "
va	NNS	He gave the menus back and the waitress walked away , leaving them to themselves .
va	NN	Sometimes we let those things slide for a generation or so . "
va	NNS	We still encourage the greatest minds in the world to strive toward this goal .
va	NNS	Tyler clenched his fists at his side .
va	NNS	" We 've faced impossible odds before . "
va	NN	I 've recently acquired a grant , and I 'll be doing research with several universities around the country and working directly with the Washington Post .
va	NNS	" Yes , " Avril said , sadness in her voice .
va	NNS	" Did you text the neighbors ? "
va	NNS	Agatha , " he called , " you have visitors . "
va	NNS	A story about jazz music featured the very artists he most often listened to himself .
va	NN	The little sucker had momma 's wooden mixing spoon and he bonked daddy right between the eyes with it .
va	NN	She gave herself a mental slap .
va	NN	" Which patient is your wife ? "
va	NN	The boy had no fixed schedule .
va	NN	He lifted the latch and pushed .
va	NN	Finally , he lifted the telephone and dialed the unlisted number he had been given .
va	NN	He took a long sip of his coffee and gazed out the window at the passing people , then looked to Madison .
va	NNS	Mitch mixed two drinks , rum and Coke , in honor of the islands .
va	NN	Then they heard the clatter of horses ' hooves coming fast along the rocky ledge on the other side of the sharp curve .
va	NN	Ne 'd oe cringed inwardly .
va	NN	He felt no sympathy for the condemned man who had led the aborted slave revolt .
va	NNS	" No , we didn 't have any fireworks scheduled . "
va	NNS	But we have always had orphans ; we 're Nephilim .
va	NN	Paragon glows a luminescent orange , as a magnificent sunset tries to penetrate the puff of fog lying over us thick as wool .
va	NNS	Sarah had made some bright patchwork curtains that Jenna could draw around the bed to keep out both the cold and her noisy brothers .
va	NNS	Stealing our drinks ? '
va	NNS	I could hear the sirens ... they were coming ... but she was breathing all funny .
va	NNS	He pulled a couple bills from his wallet and laid them down on the front counter and got Darla 's attention from across the room .
va	NN	" People need their art fix at that time of day ? "
va	NN	When he raised his sword , it gleamed terribly , red and steel together in the firelight of the burning hut .
va	NNS	I shove up , my palms scraping the jagged rocks .
va	NN	I chose the cliff .
va	NNS	" The High Shaper has been sending his slaves with shaping talent all over the five kingdoms .
va	NNS	Several apprehensive breaths later , Rift advances forward .
va	NN	" I would like permission to stay with Harmonia in the Isles . "
va	NN	I gave them both a quick kick to the jaw , sending them flying across the floor .
va	NNS	Entering the washroom , he removed his spectacles and placed them on the slab , collected water in his hands , and threw it on his face .
va	NN	He had brain damage .
va	NNS	I heard the sirens first .
va	NN	" You don 't understand the corporate male psyche , my friend .
va	NNS	She leveled her pistols and fired , taking out the lead wolf , but the second jumped over its fallen comrade at Beth .
va	NNS	How could he make his old wrongs right , and win back the dignity and livelihood of his family ?
va	NNS	If ' We ' cannot pay-off the loans in the first-place ?
va	NNS	But does it have modern-day religious implications as well ?
va	NNS	It would only confuse matters if we were all involved at that stage .
va	NNS	Kane tracks the newcomers as they cut through old scent trails , even his own , creating a new one , stinking of man .
va	NNS	The sweet scent of damp earth and grass filled Echo 's nostrils as she breathed deeply and followed her family along a narrow path through thick trees .
va	NN	I hadn 't used such an intense amount of spirit in a long time , and the rush was heady .
va	NN	" You would date the mouthwatering quarterback and then admit you 're bored by football . "
va	NNS	Clay handed over the necessary documents , all bearing the indecipherable handcuffed scrawl of Tequila Watson .
va	NNS	She fluttered her lashes .
va	NNS	His cologne filled my nostrils .
va	NNS	This casual declaration sent chills up Sarah 's spine .
va	NN	I shed my helmet , finding my vision is better without it , and open fire .
va	NN	" I 'm considering my own ignorance . "
va	NNS	I do cuss at her , though .
va	NNS	But no matter what he 'd thought her capable of , what she 'd done had surpassed his worst predictions .
va	NNS	She aimed her skis down the hill .
va	NN	I viewed the soap dispenser with suspicion .
va	NNS	She still couldn 't get over the strangeness of standing in Megan 's kitchen like everything was normal .
va	NN	You wouldn 't believe an Infernal without some sort of proof . "
va	NN	Until yesterday , it produced the Destroyer roof panel .
va	NNS	The shape of it perfectly covered the last remnants of his bruise .
va	NN	Standard show crew . '
va	NNS	She could hear their conversations and it made her feel uncomfortable .
va	NN	He gave his family the signal that he was okay .
va	NN	He sounded aghast . '
va	NN	Rose quickly changed the baby 's diaper before finding her seat .
va	NN	He flips his hat around backward .
va	NN	Mac took out the computer pad he had used to download information from Zinger 's computer .
va	NNS	It required complicated fields to capture the resonance , but until communications could be sent through subspace , the resistance level of transmission kept things primitive .
va	NN	A few minutes later , he had the bandage off and he could hear a vacuum running in the other part of the room .
va	NN	" If it were me , I 'd take her shopping .
va	NNS	Dane quickly opened up the other two cases .
va	NNS	Suddenly Nova heard clicks and growls carry over the wind behind her .
va	NN	I did notice your tendency to be a little haughty . "
va	NNS	I had stacked up the bills .
va	NNS	The Loupe family , however , had some dealings with the government .
va	NN	Gray understood Hess 's fervor .
va	NNS	He headed back downstairs and found Haven in the living room , staring at the covered piano .
va	NN	Kate , unconvinced , gunned the motor and sped out down a frontage road that led us out of the city area .
va	NNS	Michele took up the brushes and kept them in his hand as he looked toward the old Roman road .
va	NNS	And just the sound of it sent chills down Kylie 's spine .
va	NNS	Just a few years earlier , she and Callie toured mansions like this one , awestruck by their beauty and the people who had once owned them .
va	NN	" Put the front site on the target , " he said , helping her position the butt at her shoulder , " and squeeze the trigger .
va	NNS	" Gran , Riggins wasn 't carrying slaves .
va	NN	" What do you think buddy , should they impeach him ? "
va	NNS	" I ... I like your tattoos .
va	NNS	I 've been wearing high collars so he couldn 't see the implant , but I 'm almost certain he 's seen it .
va	NN	' I 'll come and look then , ' replied the mage and left the three apprentices to their own devices .
va	NNS	You had tons of opportunities to be with boys for more than three hundred years but I 've only had one .
va	NN	He was rubbing antibiotic ointment on her , which felt good despite all the reasons it shouldn 't .
va	NN	Shay gave a small squeak of pain as he reached up to tug several strands of her hair from her head .
va	NN	" He has a bump on his head .
va	NNS	The figure enters the vault and about five minutes later returns carrying a large sack and disappears off the screen .
va	NN	I got a bus back into the city and found Amanda 's parents .
va	NN	They illuminated a wizard , maybe two feet high and wearing a surprisingly mournful and pained expression .
va	NN	" Yes , I love that big goofy brute .
va	NNS	She could see his claws .
va	NNS	On nights like this , you take your laughs where you can get them .
va	NNS	She wore strange rings that glowed slightly as she studied her book .
va	NNS	Through these masses , I went onwards .
va	NN	It lets the grunt with a rifle in his hand know that I care about him or her as a soldier .
va	NN	Had they bridged a gap , and could Kylie keep it from reappearing ?
va	NN	The late day sun was making its trek west when she got in her SUV .
va	NNS	She handed Dennis a few bills , which he took reluctantly .
va	NNS	" I actually have some ideas .
va	NN	Bishop hated the reminder .
va	NNS	" I do not like strangers in my home either , little one .
va	NN	Spencer dropped her spoon in her cup .
va	NN	We exited the vehicle and made our way to the apartment .
va	NNS	Gently they tapped the delicate rims together and Lindy tasted a sample .
va	NN	Adam ignored his comment and said , " You 're gon na mess her up . "
va	NN	He alters his stride pattern and sneaks the ball before Van Persie can do anything .
va	NNS	" I know the risks of my job .
va	NNS	I follow his instructions , running my fingers over cracks until I find a crevice large enough to grip .
va	NN	She heard the slide of the bars and turned .
va	NN	I gathered my nerve , then spoke again .
va	NNS	I miss Sunday lunches like this . "
va	NNS	If the television was off , she could even hear conversations .
va	NN	She could put a sailor to shame . "
va	NNS	She had valuable profiling insights to offer on every person in that town .
va	NN	She couldn 't even finish the sentence without laughing .
va	NN	Somewhere in the distance , a dog barked , a steady yapping that spoke of boredom .
va	NNS	They swerved around the edges of the flaming wall , soaring over a triumphantly grinning Foley .
va	NN	The car left the garage , and David felt it turn a corner .
va	NNS	I studied the showers with a blank expression .
va	NNS	" Take down your trousers . "
va	NN	Simone felt his body squirm and released his pants .
va	NN	It had a bakery .
va	NNS	I heard the bouncers following by the gasps and silence behind us .
va	NN	His fingers nearly lost their rhythm ; his stomach gave a funny lurch and his very breath slammed out of his lungs .
va	NNS	Mouth slightly opened , he lifted his shades and turned in a half-circle .
va	NNS	And there they were : light thin arrows that were barely visible .
va	NN	Mickey felt a low rumble through the ship as the turret mounts rotated to bear on a point near the enemy ships .
va	NNS	" Fuck you , " she growls then sighs .
va	NN	The sun set beyond him , and below his horse 's hooves lay a corpse .
va	NNS	All other personnel , security or otherwise , abandon your duties !
va	NN	" Please , you must seek shelter .
va	NN	Let 's go have our picnic . "
va	NNS	She rubbed circles over Joshua 's head to soothe the child and keep the circulation going in her increasingly numbing hand .
va	NN	Both Mia and Melissa let out a shriek .
va	NNS	They welcomed Anders warmly , and he envied the kind of family life they all had .
va	NNS	" John , send the fellows below , and have a word with the officers to keep them quiet ; we want no disturbance . "
va	NNS	Who could have leaked our intentions ? "
va	NN	He pulled out some cheese , cooked meats , and spreads .
va	NN	She picked out a bank with a good reputation and called to make an appointment with a loan officer for the next morning .
va	NN	I found a grant to help pay for your books and supplies .
va	NNS	Jim dodged several falling rocks and a large stake to make it to the area where Alexandra was nearly decapitated .
va	NNS	He spent thousands on detectives and private eyes .
va	NN	What does she have up her sleeve with this ?
va	NN	Reaching over her , I pulled the shoulder strap across her body and clicked it into place .
va	NN	The voice frightened a yelp out of Yoshimura .
va	NN	My lungs have a spasm and I practically choke .
va	NN	I hear a rustle behind me .
va	NNS	Even the toughest boxer has their limits , and you know it . "
va	NNS	He 'd also made dinner reservations at an expensive restaurant .
va	NN	He clambered up the opposite tread and hauled through the passenger door .
va	NN	I accept his friend request .
va	NN	" See the photo -- third from the right at the top ? "
va	NN	" Your honor , may we have a short recess ? "
va	NNS	She touched their minds .
va	NNS	Pork has certain advantages over beef .
va	NN	" I distribute mail to the professors during their office hours .
va	NNS	Suffice to say she would never view the long wooden benches of a sauna in the same way again .
va	NN	A trace of gilding would suit a queen and a champion better .
va	NNS	said Dios , tasting each word as though it was a sour grape .
va	NN	I tilt my h * ps and slide along him , each pulse sending my pleasure deeper .
va	NN	So , the danced tested a noble 's determination , dedicated , and commitment from beginning to end of a working plan .
va	NNS	Despite the damage to the car Jake could still exceed the speed limits with relative ease .
va	NN	That ever present black dome above my head .
va	NN	In any event , my Lord desires only maximum damage .
va	NN	He watched the long spiral of smoke rise from the pipe and leaned back in his chair .
va	NN	Zander was eyeing her thoughtful y as Bonnie blushed .
va	NN	He then covered the canvas with grease and buried it , hoping it would last long enough to recover later .
va	NN	She rubbed a make-up brush in a compact and then stroked it across her cheek .
va	NN	He kept the tray on the table and left at once .
va	NNS	" We 've never engaged our forces in a different dimension . "
va	NNS	Therefore , make your computers from living nerve cells .
va	NN	The people of Britannia require unity in this , the hour of our greatest need .
va	NN	He felt her craving for him , raw and thirsting .
va	NNS	We hold in ourselves the hopes and fears of those who love us .
va	NN	" Then open that grate and bring me the tools .
va	NNS	Unfortunately , Seth took matters into his own hands , without running it by me first .
va	NNS	" Uh ... listen , Livi , let 's go downstairs and talk about this .
va	NN	Carlos had the momentum , the stamina ... the hatred .
va	NN	We have no known record of such a thing ever happening before .
va	NN	" I 'm getting the soup of the day ready for tomorrow .
va	NNS	His additional vestments included simple white cuffs on the priest 's wrists and ankles .
va	NN	She let out a small squeak at the idea .
va	NNS	" I give you better odds than if you keep needling your sister . "
va	NN	He took off the bandage and looked at the wound .
va	NNS	The salad bar on the left corner contained the appetizers and sides .
va	NN	Celaena 's back began sweating as she felt hundreds of eyes upon her .
va	NN	And their flesh ... His chortled laughter filled the chamber .
va	NN	The longtime prisoner dropped his spoon into his soup .
va	NN	Kylie saw the concern flare up in Holiday 's eyes again .
va	NN	He gets twenty percent .
va	NN	Sarah directed her last comment to me , and I had no idea what she was talking about .
va	NNS	Very soon he 'll outgrow laps and cuddling , so I need to store up as much as I can now .
va	NNS	But the Shifter in him had other ideas .
va	NN	I have a brief spark of hope and then I 'm deflated .
va	NN	Roth bit off a ripe curse .
va	NNS	Rachel pulled the edges of the blanket closer to her .
va	NN	I dropped the cigarette into a half-empty Coke can .
va	NNS	Linda checked her notes again .
va	NNS	" I said , you should do shampoo commercials , " teasing her by pronouncing each word with perfect clarity .
va	NNS	Would Rashid take her preferences into consideration ?
va	NN	I touched a crystal adorning the elaborate silvered band going along the waist .
va	NN	Have a biscuit with that idea , and a cup of hot tea .
va	NNS	With the gal he had drinks with every Thursday night .
va	NN	he asked softly , his deep voice sent a shiver of delight down her spine and caused goose bumps to break out on her hypersensitive skin .
va	NN	He watched the bandage for a minute or so , and when no blood seeped to the surface , he assumed he was over the worst .
va	NN	Bran takes my elbow and guides me to the leader of The Guardians .
va	NN	He would crawl nak * d over broken glass in the lowest pit of hell just to make her smile .
va	NNS	Right now , you have no bonds formed with them . "
va	NN	" I have another theory .
va	NN	Sure she had a temper , but that just meant she had spine and spirit .
va	NN	I took a drag from my cigarette .
va	NNS	We have said our farewells earlier , so let us go .
va	NN	In case you want a snack later . "
va	NNS	Sandbag lined various rocks up against his arm .
va	NNS	" Didn 't the Crusades take place hundreds of years before Vlad was born ? "
va	NNS	" My lord husband and his nephew have been exchanging ideas for it by letter for quite some time .
va	NNS	" Isn 't this a little much for someone throwing rocks at the house ? "
va	NNS	But he has no conscious intentions to go back . "
va	NN	Hunter dodged each ray of light as it approached his body .
va	NNS	He had no regrets about becoming a Hunter .
va	NN	' How do you know cant ? '
va	NN	She looked extra tan in comparison to the porcelain Lilly , standing next to her .
va	NNS	" Attention reaction chamber personnel .
va	NN	The Officials don 't tolerate trespassing .
va	NN	Mrs. Flowers even had an herbal ointment for the mark the sucker tentacle had left - and one for Matt 's scraped knuckles .
va	NNS	When they discovered our encampment and the fact that we had food that was much better than theirs , they sent the machines to raid our fields .
va	NNS	Bax raised his brows as though he hadn 't thought of that before " Oddly enough , no .
va	NN	Lisa pondered the significance of those man-made fibers .
va	NN	Two doors down , corner unit . "
va	NNS	They gave you some painkillers , but I don 't know if they have worn off , " he asked , concerned .
va	NNS	Harbors always have the most distressing odors about them . "
va	NNS	Mazarin gave only empty promises and delayed our scheduled meetings to later and later dates .
va	NN	" Under my bed back in Sheridan , I keep my Bible .
va	NNS	She likes cartoons and drawing in her notebook . "
va	NNS	A short time later with the evening sun half way to the horizon , the low rumbling sounds of heavy equipment reached the banks of the creek .
va	NNS	Get the damned cases , okay !
va	NN	She was chewing gum and wore a pink T-shirt that read : Jedi Kitty .
va	NN	I lost my temper and I threw him on the ground .
va	NN	I sent a surge of magic through my blood , waking myself up and expelling the stiffness to my muscles .
va	NN	Thank the Darkness . "
va	NN	Did he mean the energy summit in Geneva ?
va	NNS	" Do all the throne keepers know my name ? "
va	NNS	" I always fulfill my promises . "
va	NN	I loved the ocean .
va	NNS	Louise heard the approaching sirens and ran back to get help .
va	NNS	The futility of the situation killed the last remnants of her hope and she felt her shoulders sag .
va	NNS	" How many deputies do you have in this town ? "
va	NN	Polly took a sip of her decaf and continued .
va	NNS	He was covering all bases with that little speech .
va	NNS	I got good grades .
va	NN	He turns a page as he gapes at me .
va	NN	He gave the door a tug .
va	NNS	He 's finishing up his graduate studies in architecture .
va	NNS	' It had computers that continually readjusted and compensated for all the fluctuations that were now taking place in the laws of aerodynamics , right ?
va	NNS	A long list filled the screens .
va	NN	She dips the crystal into the flame , and she 's mesmerized by the flickering as she chants under her breath .
va	NNS	Personals on Aurora commonly possess illusory qualities , but the nature of the illusion varies with the individual .
va	NN	That raised a whole new slew of questions .
va	NNS	" Nice qualities in a campaign manager .
va	NNS	* * * Abigail met more neighbors throughout the day and found that most treated her very well .
va	NN	He couldn 't imagine the big guy singing .
va	NNS	All the same , she appreciated both gestures very deeply .
va	NN	Dad told a maid to make us some drinks then he told us to sit down .
va	NN	And here she was defending his character like a lovesick ninny .
va	NN	She smiled an apology , then quickly glanced down , afraid the solicitor would think she was coming on to him as well .
va	NN	I call my secretary and tell her to make arrangements for me to fly to New York that day .
va	NNS	Pictured the hard planes and angles of his face , pictured the silkiness of his lips .
va	NNS	" No , they have been given fewer rations than the other inmates .
va	NN	Gabe and I find an animal shelter , and I learn that his hands are just as deft on locks and alarm systems as video game controllers .
va	NNS	" For the first time in decades , your father has shown hints of vulnerability .
va	NN	She flipped her hood up and kept walking .
va	NNS	When she 'd been younger she 'd got coughs and we used to worry .
va	NN	But the bull appeared psychotic with rage , an animal out of control , and the bucking continued , fierce and unrelenting .
va	NN	He placed the remainder of his right arm on the table in front of him , and addressed the board .
va	NN	" And take that awful old helmet back up with you . "
va	NNS	She exclaimed to herself in a congratulatory matter , she must 've found her notes about him from their last encounter .
va	NNS	However , she could see signs that some of what he had told her were true .
va	NN	" I already did my homework and found out how much companies charge for two weeks of around-the-clock protection and this is a service I appreciate . "
va	NNS	I get so few visitors in my old age that even this small house often seems too large . "
va	NNS	I felt their gazes on me even as they tried not to look .
va	NN	I ran a brush through my hair before pulling it up into a messy bun and throwing a hat on my head .
va	NN	Quickly the men race forward .
va	NN	The delivery man tipped his hat and left the house , driving away .
va	NN	She put a biscuit on the saucer , and she handed it to him .
va	NN	She grimly maintained her dignity and he finally sighed his surrender to her brick wall defence .
va	NN	I told Hawthorne about your infidelity in a moment of weakness .
va	NN	But , I warn you , I will endure no nonsense .
va	NN	Another platoon and the HQ squad will watch the fort .
va	NNS	The four of them all had the machine pistols now , he , Ronnie , Lilly and Tim .
va	NNS	Izzy had shown Doc several hand-written signs that outlined her plan .
va	NNS	One of these knights had guarded doorways for too long .
va	NNS	We had learnt about how it used to be one of the most visited landmarks of the continent , but was now an obsolete waste of space .
va	NNS	" He knew the risks when he joined our Holy Band .
va	NNS	" We won 't need any stitches .
va	NNS	The material felt weightless in my fingers .
va	NN	The shooter took aim and fired .
va	NNS	They would demand private passages .
va	NNS	Jackson King had pulled out all the stops getting Garrett to go along with this little family adventure .
va	NN	I appreciate the invite , though .
va	NN	Already Zero let his plasma jet blades flare to life as he spun with the continued momentum to swing the makeshift weapon in an upward arc .
va	NN	He could feel the palace around him shaking from the earth 's own sobs .
va	NNS	Then he went downstairs , fetched something out of a cupboard that supposedly contained only some tools , and then left the shop .
va	NNS	We are discussing some serious matters . '
va	NNS	She moved along the edges of the rooms .
va	NNS	" All right , " said Vimes , in the ringing vacuum .
va	NN	Reconstructing the ozone layer .
va	NN	Plus the man still had the wireless transmitter in his pocket .
va	NNS	Mrs. Hastings faced her daughters .
va	NNS	He pulled from it tiny sparks of power no larger than motes of dust .
va	NNS	" That you keep your promises . "
va	NN	He stood bolt upright .
va	NN	" Shut down the portal to the Glass House . "
va	NN	He felt a stab of satisfaction as she blushed .
va	NNS	We would put all our cows in a big field and watch them fight all afternoon .
va	NNS	A growing city like London absorbed prodigious quantities of goods every day , coming in by ship , by railway , and by cart .
va	NN	The rest of the day was spent hiking through hilly territory .
va	NN	" Like fruit ? "
va	NNS	" Guide the survivors to our village where they can rejoin their kin .
va	NN	Robert quietly noted the security setup and approved ; there were surveillance cameras , and motion and thermal alarms .
va	NN	Anthony understood his brother 's reasoning , of course .
va	NN	The guy stubbed out his cigarette and started to head back to the chapel .
va	NNS	Maybe he just wanted those dark circles to mean she had missed him .
va	NNS	I went downstairs and out the back door .
va	NNS	All there , all fifteen letters .
va	NNS	He could see the shimmering blackness as it reflected the light .
va	NNS	Many later philosophers adopted ideas , methods , or values from this movement , including the Americans Donald Davidson , Hilary Putnam , and Saul Kripke .
va	NNS	In her suicide note she decried the helplessness and desperation that had meant that the whole family was victimised by the disease .
va	NN	After that , military commanders gave permission for tattoos as they were warranted .
va	NN	He grabbed the hammer , the mallet , and some pliers .
va	NNS	Why didn 't they have brochures for that ?
va	NN	But I 'm giving you another alternative .
va	NN	Once the cheese melted , I put the pile on a roll and headed out to the pool to eat my lunch .
va	NN	His voice made her heart somersault and set butterflies fluttering in her stomach .
va	NN	She had made every inch of it herself , investing hours .
va	NNS	" Then why did they murder my neighbors ?
va	NNS	Women can now protect their husbands , too .
va	NNS	" But you 're ... how ... why ... " I can 't form sentences .
va	NN	She 'll be like Sleeping Beauty , but you 'll know she 's not sleeping .
va	NNS	" You mean the hunters of mates ? "
va	NNS	" I especially love scenes like this . "
va	NN	The dismayed neighbor accepted her decree , wishing her a wonderful time with her hot date .
va	NNS	You 'll throw your morals right out the window and do everything you can to stop the invasion . "
va	NN	He blew out a sharp curse .
va	NNS	I carried two bouquets of Mr. Fitzgibbon 's hothouse flowers with me .
va	NN	I could tell foreign carpet from authentic homestyle carpet .
va	NN	You Americans have a special skill in that area .
va	NNS	I grab my crutches and walk toward the front door to Kayla 's mom .
va	NNS	Tonight she should be drowning her sorrows in chocolate and liquor .
va	NN	They spent a glorious afternoon Christmas shopping .
va	NNS	I can read minds , but I don 't control them . "
va	NNS	I clenched my fists and ducked behind a nearby building , waiting to see if she needed any help .
va	NN	She read the plaque on the wall where they 'd stopped .
va	NN	What if Sliver is taking another swipe at Dominic , this time using Stephan ?
va	NNS	She heard footsteps and looked up .
va	NNS	" They sold most all their slaves to cotton farmers down in Mississippi in the last five years before the war broke out .
va	NN	He kept firing until the slide on the weapon slammed open , out of ammunition .
va	NNS	She had always hated heights .
va	NNS	His grip sent little tingles up her spine .
va	NNS	She only wants facts and figures .
va	NNS	She had pulled back the curtains to let the sun stream in across the bedroom .
va	NN	I 'll even go shopping for new running shoes . "
va	NN	I felt the bruise again , how it suddenly throbbed and pained me in more ways than one .
va	NNS	He could see the strangers .
va	NN	He was sporting a colorful sleeve of tattoos that covered his entire left arm , and a small barbell was pierced through one eyebrow .
va	NNS	Most weren 't watching the screens or were unsure of what they saw .
va	NN	Getting down on one knee , Sebastian took careful aim .
va	NNS	The birds sang a hundred songs , and everyone waved at Polly .
va	NN	Winston then quickly pulled a handgun from his left trench coat pocket and shot Clement in the head , killing him instantly .
va	NN	He took a sip from his cup .
va	NN	I should have told my Natasha all , but I thought that the less that she was knowing , the safer she was being .
va	NNS	Why do you sell illegal expansion programs ? "
va	NNS	" And it took you four rings to pick up ? "
va	NN	Every piece of scrub land around here that once grew grapes and has some broken down old finca on it is called a vineyard . "
va	NNS	A third party needlessly complicates these matters . "
va	NN	" Got the plow out and starting on the business areas .
va	NN	From across the room , she could see a small white scar on his cheek , one she 'd never noticed before .
va	NNS	He slammed his fists against the headboard , cracking the wood .
va	NNS	With my ears full of cotton , I heard only a few scattered sentences .
va	NN	After further exploration , he finds some fruit and roots that should be safe for us both to eat .
va	NNS	She could hear his footsteps drawing closer and squeezed her eyes shut as she tried to smother the sound of her own labored breathing .
va	NNS	" No weapons allowed downstairs . "
va	NNS	He 's had a few girlfriends but all of them lasted like a week each because he feels married to his work .
va	NN	Kim could hear the murmur of voices .
va	NNS	She would play the scenes out in her mind , and they were vividly real .
va	NN	" I chose a sapphire because I thought it matched the color of your eyes . "
va	NN	" Not long , I heard a bang from your bedroom and when I looked in you were lying on the floor . "
va	NNS	Several were actually taking notes , recording every last word of Bill 's dramatic manifesto .
va	NN	I 'd always have a reminder of Rush .
va	NN	" I also have a birthmark . "
va	NN	He readjusted the strap on his shoulder .
va	NN	But then , Anthony had always had that weakness .
va	NN	He kept his balance and continued into the kitchen .
va	NN	She won 't let Vera lapse into small talk either -- Cara is genuinely interested in what she has to say .
va	NN	' Not you , ' snapped the wizard . '
va	NN	Pilots sealing their helmets and canopies and firing up engines until their screams drowned the orders ringing through the address system .
va	NN	Finally Jansen swept off his hat , swiped his brow and settled the cap back in place again .
va	NN	This machine , requires an enormous amount of energy to get it to transmit through to the other dimensions , and I do mean enormous .
va	NN	I explained the predicament .
va	NN	Instead she rammed her spear into the back of his neck to finish him off .
va	NNS	" So our family kept slaves ? "
va	NNS	The women gathered branches and turf in readiness for the makeshift roofs .
va	NNS	A hail of arrows rained upwards from the ground .
va	NNS	" I 've got two documents for you , plus envelopes .
va	NN	" Why didn 't Owen pull the plug on his scheme after Brad was murdered ?
va	NNS	" You two must have hundreds of items to discuss .
va	NN	I hefted the husk of Ed 's body into the trunk , and covered it with a blanket .
va	NN	So distance offered the best solution .
va	NNS	Otherwise I 'd be fending off advances from Mrs. Stone . "
va	NN	He created a machete to hack down one of the trees .
va	NNS	He studied the animals and the portal .
va	NNS	He didn 't sense any signs of deceit , but that didn 't mean he trusted her .
va	NN	Off stage Barbara tugged John 's sleeve and said , ' Burt Bacharach , oh doesn 't Calvin sound lovely ? '
va	NNS	" Will I like chips ? "
va	NNS	But , instead of interrupting , he kept his opinions to himself .
va	NN	" Because you gave me your virtue .
va	NNS	" Look , all I was doing was telling her I would pull babysitting duties .
va	NNS	He had just choreographed two hit shows , The Pajama Game and Damn Yankees .
va	NN	I flicked another switch to produce the proper wail .
va	NN	Bernard had captured the caged fiend ten months ago at an abandoned wooden stable outside Avignon in France .
va	NNS	" I 've got a few ideas . "
va	NN	She fought back the red wash of embarrassment that crept up her cheeks , heating her skin .
va	NN	Andra gave his arm an experimental tug .
va	NN	" Did she have a medical condition , Lok ? "
va	NN	It would be hunting season soon and a new type of client would be coming into camp .
va	NNS	He guards four purses .
va	NNS	Just as the New Atlanteans had welcomed those traumatised women and children from 1942 several years ago they now greeted these new survivors .
va	NNS	" Hedge knights . "
va	NN	She spun the bracelet on her wrist absently .
va	NN	You both found the flaw in my little game . "
va	NNS	" You like pancakes ? "
va	NNS	Nor was it only potentially hostile strangers who had difficulty with the idea of his wearing clothing .
va	NN	" No , they had done some shopping and took taxis . "
va	NN	I open a page , which raises my interest or which I have to get to know .
va	NN	Then they had a sick companion who needed a roof and proper food and care , and they could help him with some of his tasks .
va	NNS	" I followed the instructions . "
va	NNS	Uncle Macon brushed off his trousers .
va	NN	Can we still salvage this alliance and will the others join with us in our cause ? "
va	NN	" If you can destroy matter , you might have a solution for our trash . "
va	NNS	He wore black , knee-length gym shorts and a blue YMCA T shirt .
va	NNS	" I can always figure out people 's drinks .
va	NN	" I didn 't forget , I just had a little detour on the way . "
va	NN	I sip my lemonade .
va	NN	So , because Maurice hadn 't been wrong yet , Reginald quickly read the single long page on the screen .
va	NN	The rest of her sentence stayed unspoken but was clear as the spirals of light playing through the window .
va	NNS	The doctors hadn 't made any promises about walking again .
va	NNS	North smelled earth and car exhaust and , of course , her hot and sour soup .
va	NN	Never had a female 's enjoyment been more important to him .
va	NNS	Once the courtiers had taken their places , the sentries allowed visitors into the tent .
va	NNS	He doesn 't have that many tattoos .
va	NNS	I didn 't make any stops . "
va	NNS	" She threw the brownies at me .
va	NN	Could the new person have a curse too ?
va	NNS	From the village , Davros had invited a few other important officials , as well as his wife and two grown sons .
va	NNS	He made quotation mark signs with both hands by jiggling his thumbs and first two fingers .
va	NN	I had a nightmare last night .
va	NNS	Then she piled sweaters and other folded things from the shelf on top of herself , covering even her head .
va	NN	Princess tried singing , and even though the words didn 't come out right , her smile returned .
va	NNS	You may act a badass , but you 're so not . '
va	NN	He grabbed a fruit , put his feet up on the table , and proceeded to eat while watching her .
va	NNS	I 've seen whales on occasion .
va	NNS	Her ancestors probably held slaves .
va	NN	He had neglected grocery shopping and now he was paying for it .
va	NNS	She doesn 't remove her sunglasses .
va	NN	From around the table came a general murmur of assent .
va	NN	Nina saw a helicopter coming toward the building on a low approach , its searchlight fixing on the helipad .
va	NNS	Like old Hunter ... he has certain ideas about propriety .
va	NNS	" We 've had more cases than usual for months , " said Gumshoe , " but about six weeks ago we started losing dwarves daily .
va	NN	They entered Crag 's grandmother 's small chamber .
va	NN	Then I heard her rustling in bed , and the soft , deep murmur of my brother .
va	NNS	I never had goals .
va	NNS	It would take ages . "
va	NN	Zook didn 't mean to , he had no intention of following through .
va	NN	" What do you want us to say , sugar ?
va	NNS	By then my mother had five daughters , every last one of us illegitimate .
va	NN	They smothered the hood now , others perched on the cab roof or atop the trailer .
va	NN	In fact , I could live off that investment alone . "
va	NN	I also want maximum activity in every other sector .
va	NNS	The frigid air raised goose bumps across my arms .
va	NNS	He expected the souls to comment , to voice their thoughts .
va	NN	It held the faintest trace of Maggie 's sweet , feminine scent .
va	NN	Off in the distance I faintly see the outline of some trees in the night sky , with the help of the moonlight .
va	NNS	Allison was cuddling baby Nicholas in her arms , making cooing noises .
va	NN	She 'd made that bracelet as a gift for her little sister .
va	NN	Put out the damn cigarette . "
va	NNS	Of course I know the facts of her life from her file , but I find myself genuinely interested in what she 's saying .
va	NNS	The Pakistan government has closed down the strikes with an agreement with the Americans for the next month .
va	NNS	But other than that , I just know key phrases .
va	NNS	The Word has six syllables .
va	NN	And possibly set that Dumpster on fire .
va	NNS	Having lived in North Dakota among cowboys , I have nerves of steel when it comes to riding with other drivers . "
va	NN	I got another packet , but it doesn 't go very far when you 're trying to cover a room . "
va	NN	Matthew and the crew joined the applause as Bax took a theatrical bow .
va	NNS	Drove my mom nuts .
va	NNS	" I should have done that ages ago , but I wanted to wait until Gar got me my gold . "
va	NNS	Ironically , now that she was gone , he missed all those early experiences as much as everything else about her .
va	NNS	You might get visitors . "
va	NNS	People always had little tops and dresses they couldn 't fit into .
va	NNS	Something about those words sent shivers down my body .
va	NNS	Even the Black had limits .
va	NN	" I don 't want the Jeep in sight , nor do I want anyone to see me getting into it . "
va	NN	As he drew back to lop the boy 's head off , steel met steel .
va	NNS	" Tammie Lee had some wonderful ideas , and frankly I 'm thinking of asking her to chair the committee .
va	NN	Jack is arranging our race right now . "
va	NN	Kincaid drew the last shotgun from the golf bag , and with two more flaming blasts executed them both .
va	NN	I drop our invisibility .
va	NNS	I dug my nails into his back .
va	NNS	All easily verifiable facts .
va	NN	Malcolm had no conscience , nothing to inhibit his behavior , or he could never have planned and executed the deaths of Emily and Colton .
va	NNS	Sheen put the pistols back in his waistband and picked up his fallen shotgun .
va	NNS	People created images of what they believed we looked like a long time ago and people still believe it .
va	NN	Several framed photos held pride of place on the mantel .
va	NNS	" I were given specific instructions to bring ' em to the Master 's study . "
va	NNS	Would she get sacked if she went sightseeing in London ?
va	NN	She , too , shut her flashlight off after reaching the boardwalk and made her way slowly toward me .
va	NN	I triple checked his underwear , making sure his clothes were ... loose enough .
va	NN	By then , the officer had placed a Tupperware container on the counter , and Julie reached for it .
va	NNS	He balled together his fists .
va	NNS	" We allow only actual law-enforcement personnel in here .
va	NNS	Cease the attacks immediately and then begin a new regiment of subtle propaganda .
va	NN	" You can come cook for me anytime . "
va	NN	Why don 't you tell me what page you 're on first ? "
va	NN	Cadmus grabbed my elbow and drew me in to him .
va	NNS	They did not remove their hats , and no one corrected them .
va	NN	Ian didn 't stop writing .
va	NNS	She clenched her fists and stepped out into the open doorway .
va	NNS	He surfed several Russian newspaper websites .
va	NN	" They still follow the bible , but they think it now describes the rise of vampires . "
va	NNS	" I make no promises . "
va	NNS	Having only two daughters and no son had been another disappointment to her father .
va	NNS	In that moment of insanity she had forgotten her circumstances .
va	NNS	Gray replaced his sunglasses onto the bridge of his nose to shield his eyes from the potent rays of the late afternoon sun .
va	NN	He picked up his bracelet and looked at it gingerly .
va	NN	" Alicia Stokes has a theory about that . "
va	NNS	They enjoy the same sports .
va	NN	In all of his years as alpha he 'd lost his temper once with a pack member , but he 'd paid dearly for the experience .
va	NNS	" I love doughnuts . "
va	NNS	He could just make out dark circles through the wet material , and enjoyed seeing her nipples poking upward , thanks to the cold water .
va	NN	He thanked the almighty for bestowing upon him a series of crises and loads of stupidity .
va	NN	A trio of small bonfires illuminated the hidden glade , along with a few electric lamps on poles .
va	NNS	Moist reread the headlines with dull horror .
va	NNS	The guard nodded briskly .
va	NNS	The Dark Race 's evil had limits not even they realised .
va	NN	He took a sip of coffee feeling slightly more revived .
va	NN	Or , you can take assistance from us and we can put you right back into your life here . "
va	NNS	His gaze intensified , his irises now a deeper green - like cold , dark seawater .
va	NN	How Mary wished she hadn 't disclosed her silly suspicion !
va	NN	It 's usually called salvation . "
va	NN	" I won 't make the dirty comment I want to make . "
va	NNS	Unless he acts again , I will remember his sins no more . "
va	NNS	I curled my fists .
va	NN	The blue and green lights ceased their sparkle and , instead , began to move across the metal to form a pattern of blue and green squares .
va	NN	I have no scratch on me .
va	NNS	" Babies like nests , right ? "
va	NN	He wanted the amulet .
va	NN	Did I detect a hint of irritation in his voice ?
va	NNS	His face is hard and wary , eyes like slivers of ancient amber .
va	NN	" Mort has no authority over the day-to-day management of this estate .
va	NN	He reached the manor at midday , halting in the front yard and looked around with a sharp eye .
va	NN	She 'd had rabbit and asparagus .
va	NNS	Yet mortals had inflicted such horrors upon others ; barbarian hordes had scarred whole continents , destroying everything in their path .
va	NNS	" I sent out letters that included my new business cards to all of my former associates , clients , college classmates , and friends .
va	NNS	Still , we do have some cases coming up , and we 'd like to have you on them . "
va	NN	You don 't deserve her , you filthy gutter scum .
va	NN	He had a revelation , another one of the religious kind .
va	NN	You just took everyone 's guilt though and carried it .
va	NNS	I added iron bars .
va	NN	" So why the fence ?
va	NNS	" Someday , after we 're all gone , archaeologists will find cities of bone on that world .
va	NNS	" We avoid truths that terrify us . "
va	NNS	She had no ambitions for her sons ; standards , yes , but not ambitions .
va	NN	I heard the beep that sounded when an entry door or window opened and I froze .
va	NN	I survive off the nectar of my Broadway ambitions .
va	NN	After stepping into the parking lot , he loosened his tie .
va	NN	We watched TV , read books , and made plans for what I wanted to do with the extra room Derek allowed me to have .
va	NNS	Jesse also saw beings composed of light , constructed of such pure radiance that they shone out like stars amongst the darkness .
va	NNS	How much simpler does it get ?
va	NN	" You ran the race , that 's what matters .
va	NNS	" Screwed a few brain cells out of you ? "
va	NNS	Sheridan waited several heartbeats to give emphasis to her response .
va	NN	I will offer whatever assistance I can . "
va	NN	Then her heart did a tiny hop .
va	NNS	Milton applied the brakes stopping inches before her very surprised face .
va	NN	Belinda felt awareness skate over her skin , a good deal of which was exposed .
va	NN	" What if the next girl you take advantage of confronts you right before you go onstage at the Opry ? "
va	NN	I 've included a complete operations manual , which doubtless you will not read . "
va	NNS	But involving the king would not help matters .
va	NNS	Along the wal s were ranged beds , in bunks , like the inside of a ship .
va	NN	He turned his profile to me .
va	NNS	You , Barry , can write songs . '
va	NNS	Her lady attendants waited outside , most of them daughters of nobility .
va	NN	Even though it 's after nine a.m. , thick , purple drapes are still blocking out all sunlight .
va	NN	Sam took advantage of her change of position .
va	NN	His hand bounced off the barrier .
va	NN	You have a city council don 't you ? '
va	NN	" So why don 't you think Adam 's adorable ? "
va	NNS	Anticipation and adrenaline flooded her veins .
va	NNS	Working one-handed in the light of the fire , he sewed stitches into his own skin , tugging the wound closed and tying it off .
va	NN	I hear the furnace running , the clock in the hall ticking , the coffeemaker percolating , and there is some kind of machine running outside . "
va	NN	Immediately after thinking that I felt a stab of pain as if I was being disloyal to my beloved Cara .
va	NN	" We left a witness behind . "
va	NN	I set my tray on the table and take a bite of my boiled potatoes , keeping my voice hushed so the Watchers won 't overhear us .
va	NN	She walked briskly down the corridor and back to the little security offered by her own space in the office .
va	NN	The man showed the boy an album of autographed team photos . "
va	NN	Still , the thought of seeing her held an appeal that rivaled breathing .
va	NN	" You 've broken our agreement and I think it 's time that I filed for divorce . "
va	NNS	The candlelight carved the planes of his face into chiseled angles , strong and masculine against the soft line of his lips .
va	NNS	And I 've already had seven mothers sign up to volunteer , which is always a good sign . "
va	NN	I felt her exhale in a stuttered breath and I put my arms around her protectively , drawing her in tight .
va	NN	We have food , water , gymnasium . "
va	NNS	She watched Fergus over the edge of the glass , " Don 't you ? "
va	NNS	As she says this , I can hear several footsteps in the foyer and know that it is Jeff 's men .
va	NNS	Book 3 Days of Gold Chapter Sixteen It was a desolate place .
va	NNS	DS Fellowes photographed the diamonds and the pouch from various angles , with his mobile phone .
va	NNS	Oh my God , the fire must have melted half my brain cells .
va	NNS	Aunt Zelda 's suppers usually took people 's minds off their problems .
va	NNS	Addy had just rung up some customers .
va	NN	In addition to the view , the Heinz had the benefit of being warm .
va	NN	He kept the tap running because the tub was so large , and then sat back to consider the situation .
va	NN	She found the pepper spray and took it , along with my wallet .
va	NNS	If she could make it to the blacksmiths , perhaps she could break the chains .
va	NNS	He 'd known the risks , but he 'd set his heart on getting control of the fuel contract and its cash flow .
va	NN	He shines a flashlight at Marcus first , then Christina , then me .
va	NN	" Yeah ... wait , don 't tell me it 's Jared . "
va	NN	The Guards stormed the chapel , sent the distraught lass home and took Simon away . "
va	NN	" Have you tried whale before ? "
va	NN	Down the hall , some idiot was practicing his violin .
va	NN	What if the gunman had bad aim or sneezed as he pulled the trigger ?
va	NN	She could hear their rumbling , and the endless repetition of their death chant .
va	NN	I felt a small surge of warmth at doing this seemingly miniscule thing for her .
va	NN	In the examining room , he touched the door switch and turned to see that his patient no longer hunched .
va	NN	Blood , so dark it was nearly black , marked the white fur around her muzzle .
va	NN	He 'd barely stopped the van before she was out the door and wrestling with her purse to find the key .
va	NNS	We served up hundreds of trays .
va	NN	Then she stopped her sobbing long enough to announce , " Still .
va	NNS	He bypassed the curls at the base of her belly and shifted down the bed .
va	NN	the young woman continued her interrogation .
va	NN	They then made another inspection with sensor eyes .
va	NNS	Charlie , aged three , had loved fire trucks .
va	NN	I swallow my toast and take a sip of tea .
va	NN	I have a conscience .
va	NN	He lets his hand slide across my waist .
va	NNS	He 'd dug the bullets out himself , then taken out the men who 'd been after him .
va	NN	This would have ignited a childhood passion in exploration and wildlife photography , which would later have led him to a job at a nature magazine .
va	NN	Mrs. Beedle sat upright on one of those adjustable beds .
va	NN	The arched steel hangar reflected the morning sunlight like a mirror .
va	NN	Nilo couched his next remark in basic language and accompanied it with a broad gesture .
va	NN	Without asking , the rather over eager zombie to my left glides my tray over and grunts into it .
va	NNS	I give my question hints of both doubt and hope .
va	NNS	" I want at least two bathrooms . "
va	NNS	Make up your minds , tell me what you want to do and on we 'll go . "
va	NN	' Brother , please , don 't hurry our tale to its conclusion .
va	NNS	When she smiled at Daniel , he saw slight wrinkles near her eyes and mouth .
va	NN	" I emptied my shotgun into that mess below me .
va	NN	" Did I hit a nerve ? "
va	NNS	He has a thermos of coffee , and he lets the car run enough to keep the frost off the windshield , so he can see . "
va	NN	" She is wearing a corset . "
va	NNS	I balled my fists and stood my ground .
va	NN	There stood a student , waiting .
va	NNS	After I get all bundled up , I go downstairs to have breakfast and pack a lunch .
va	NNS	She could see the entrances to several caves and felt the strong pull toward them as if they were tempting her to leave her current position .
va	NN	" Dress your master in the same ? "
va	NN	He felt her hesitation as they entered the narrow corridor leading down to the sleeping chamber .
va	NN	So they can carry her chamber pot ? "
va	NN	Maybe I 'd picked up the wrong pattern .
va	NNS	" No , Mr. Frist sold the controlling shares of the company to Blue Ridge Investments last year .
va	NNS	" Didn 't your father pay your bills ? "
va	NN	As Christopher bounced up a rocky ravine , testing the extremes of the Range Rover 's off-road capabilities , Tucker 's GPS unit gave off a chime .
va	NN	He said this nonchalantly while studying the celery bits in the chow mein .
va	NNS	Morton had other ideas . '
va	NN	She pulled out a cardigan from her closet and slung it over her arm .
va	NNS	Lord Lodge was reading some documents at his desk , puffing away on his long pipe in deep concentration .
va	NNS	He wins all his matches . "
va	NN	" Soon I will lose my curiosity over your choice and allow you neither Aeron nor Sienna . "
va	NN	It was hard seeing a constant reminder of how misinformed my people had been .
va	NN	The sag in the line caused the wedge to stop before reaching Edna .
va	NN	" I took a hint from you , Mistress .
va	NN	Then she had a sip of water .
va	NNS	She needed three stitches after she banged her chin on the kitchen counter .
va	NN	If he 's willing to leave each day to provide for her and the family , I don 't see an issue . "
va	NN	She sensed her assailant behind her before she heard him .
va	NNS	The thought gave him the shivers , thinking the magnitude of what he 'd done .
va	NNS	" Braden had my notes again .
va	NN	He thumbed a series of dials into a preset combination , and the latch clicked open .
va	NN	I felt something soft brush against the gills along my neck and felt as if I were falling , or flying .
va	NNS	He grabbed Verity 's wrists as he crouched in front of her chair .
va	NNS	The mesh restraint stretched up ten metres , and away towards the river and back where they had come from .
va	NNS	Watney released the straps on his chair .
va	NN	He lit an oil lamp and set it aside .
va	NN	" Why my good fellow , to take over the universe !
va	NN	Even though I had no idea why London was crying , I felt a little sympathy for her because there was obviously something going on .
va	NNS	He must have noticed my stubbornness I was displaying by refusing to look at him because he put gently turned my face toward him .
va	NNS	" Salt destroys evil spirits .
va	NNS	He slipped his shades back on and crossed his arms .
va	NNS	Not able to reach either one , she left messages with their wives to call her immediately , that it was urgent .
va	NNS	It will take ages to unload your camera and all the rest .
va	NN	You will be given a post as a Seer 's apprentice , since he has perceived that you possess such abilities .
va	NN	As it was , Travis had a few bruises but was mostly unscathed by the accident .
va	NN	I didn 't take the subway , for reasons I will explain later .
va	NNS	James Dean picked up some stones and started trying to hit an old Pepsi can someone had left on the ground .
va	NNS	' I can speak languages . '
va	NNS	I dropped my sunglasses down on the table and watched slightly horrified , as Simon , with a cookie in each hand , stuffed his mouth .
va	NN	I turned my flashlight on , hoping they 'd remained stationary .
va	NN	In fact , it made his mouth start salivating .
va	NN	The second he did , Blake swung a steel , jagged spear that was attached to a long chain .
va	NNS	Well , John had always loved animals , and we had three dogs that usually just lived in the barn since the house was too small .
va	NNS	Once scientists feel something is decided , they circle the wagons .
va	NNS	He 'd have these isolated incidents of college students or runaways who turned up missing .
va	NNS	His consolation was failing miserably .
va	NN	Pete was fighting the most powerful canine on earth .
va	NNS	" Do herbal potions sound good ? "
va	NNS	Seriously , how did it take hundreds of years to figure this out ?
va	NNS	He could leave the shares to anyone -- even Daniel . "
va	NNS	" It would only incur more deaths . "
va	NN	Normally , he would never have interrupted a rider 's concentration in the middle of a course but he didn 't want them going any farther .
va	NN	Kincaid thrust the rapier into the helpless dummy again and felt the sensual tension that pulsed in his groin .
va	NN	Fanny stirred her alphabet soup with increasing irritation .
va	NN	He forced his strumming to segue into vintage Carlos Santana .
va	NNS	Chapter 5 It was a perfect July evening , warm , not too humid and with very few mosquitoes .
va	NNS	I know my grandmother wanders in her mind now and then ?
va	NN	their leader yelled , a bare and distant bark because of the storm 's sounds .
va	NNS	The head of the dragon Council negotiates separate deals with both David and his father , sowing further discord between them .
va	NN	After a brief moment he regained his composure and his regular breathing pattern .
va	NN	He flipped the light switch by the door .
va	NN	Serial Killer Taken into Custody , blared a headline on CNN .
va	NNS	Jackie set her instruments aside , examined the harbor seal , then read the chart the volunteer handed her .
va	NN	So one morning when the supervisor didn 't show up , she took the crew out .
va	NN	" We have the advantage , though . "
va	NN	Kowalski turned his back dismissively , focusing back on the hallway .
va	NNS	We don 't advertise openings and we don 't solicit applications .
va	NNS	" You play shows ? "
va	NNS	Stock analysts offered myriad opinions , each in sharp contrast to the preceding one .
va	NN	He had his helmet on , and was telling Jonesy to secure it ; and he wouldn 't hear anything through it .
va	NNS	How could he recite all those facts like an automaton ?
va	NN	By the end the day , we 're far west of the road , traversing a series of rolling green hills .
va	NN	When the red head placed a kiss in the center of Mark 's palm Cheyenne felt her blood boil .
va	NN	" What damage did it do to my brain ? "
va	NNS	Hopefully , no one noticed my wrists .
va	NNS	" Any signs of him ? "
va	NNS	They did not show any signs that they had been read more than once .
va	NN	He took another deep draught of the beer and saw what he was doing wrong .
va	NNS	" Do you really see philosophical implications in all this ? "
va	NN	She heard Cale 's sharp inhale .
va	NNS	At the end of it they have twice the leftovers and half the guests .
va	NN	" This war only hastens our destruction .
va	NN	But so far he gave no indication , so intent was he on tormenting Susan .
va	NNS	Cute and quaint , it 's got vines growing up the side , a porch with two rocking chairs , and pots of flowers out front .
va	NNS	I playfully smacked his calves , giggling .
va	NN	She held a spoon up to Lois ' mouth .
va	NN	" You can never reach the coast !
va	NNS	However , they do have some limits .
va	NNS	I found the patterns quite interesting to follow , as I explored movies for this book .
va	NNS	I have seen its cycles , seen gallant , fine armies shattered in despair ... ... Through 4000 years of human civilization , no region ... .
va	NNS	He held the damn chains up , and I swam in pain .
va	NN	He eyed my attire .
va	NNS	Quickly she stashed her sunglasses in her coat pocket .
va	NN	She 'd confuse his subconscious weakness with feelings he simply didn 't have .
va	NN	As promised , Sofie immediately pulled the cord off Max .
va	NN	" I started the elixir . "
va	NN	He had full authority for Plant 1 .
va	NNS	Some church member with time and talent had created beautiful flower beds around the building , though they were faded with the onset of fall .
va	NNS	Shiner will issue the passports to his officer .
va	NNS	The Air and Earth Sprites embraced their new brethren , but in truth the Sea sprites feared this knowledge .
va	NN	Lucia muttered an apology and put one hand on the dashboard to anchor herself in place .
va	NNS	She chose tails first ! '
va	NNS	Since we 've been here , that place has survived six organized attacks by rival clans . "
va	NNS	On the other hand , androids approached challenges with a different mindset and goal .
va	NNS	The woman led Ares away and toward a waiting vehicle .
va	NN	" In fact , I have this same map stored in ancient tubes at my apartment . "
va	NNS	I was rubbing my aching wrists and avoiding her eyes .
va	NNS	Irritated , he shifted his glowing orbs away from me .
va	NNS	No , better that Wilfred drafted the letters .
va	NNS	She meant the drawings , but her comments could have applied to Travis himself .
va	NN	He felt the beast roar , the hunger swamp him .
va	NN	Maybe she 'll eventually take the hint that I hate science and have no plans to ever catch up . "
va	NNS	As the place started to fill up , I finally had a few more interested parties - just no one quite interested enough to spend any money .
va	NN	He gripped the throttle .
va	NN	" A paper clip necklace ! "
va	NNS	We all wear our dosimeter badges .
va	NN	As the vortex drained sands from the grounds they grabbed at one another terrified of being swallowed by the eroding desert .
va	NNS	She never conjured spirits .
va	NNS	" The clean ones have white feathers .
va	NNS	I stand and rub my wrists and fix my dress .
va	NNS	He drops the crutches and climbs onto my bed like it 's his own .
va	NN	Would they have left their cousin ? "
va	NN	She opened a rusted shutter and gazed out the window into the night , seeing , he knew , tangled gardens blighted with neglect .
va	NNS	They built amazing cities .
va	NN	Minutes later , a remorseful Gene used his grill brush to sweep together the larger pieces of amber glass .
va	NNS	" He can 't really read minds .
va	NN	said the mayor , who was feeling in quite a good mood now .
va	NN	Nick had his Moleskine pad out , jotting down notes .
va	NN	They took my master prisoner there .
va	NN	I heard a " thump " and turned my head quickly .
va	NNS	She appreciated the updated showers and wondered when the bathrooms had been restored .
va	NNS	" James doesn 't have the qualities that a leader possesses .
va	NNS	She 'd thanked the fates for the job that had gotten her mother and herself here .
va	NNS	Why did you dispatch monks to the village ? "
va	NN	He scratched the rising bite bump .
va	NNS	" Martinez , burn the jets . "
va	NN	' We checking out Strauss 's bank ? '
va	NNS	Fate resumed information duties .
va	NNS	The young customs agent handed her the documents and said , " Welcome back to the United States , Dr. Fitch . "
va	NN	She entered the stream of my life like a pebble tossed from the shore .
va	NN	Mr. Jones slows the bike in a semicircle at the front of campus .
va	NN	When he put the weights away , he grabbed the photograph but only glanced at it briefly before handing it back .
va	NN	They each looked a different shade of miserable .
va	NN	He kept his tone casual .
va	NNS	They don 't know the utter helplessness of inevitable death approaching .
va	NNS	It was nothing new to them they 'd seen angels before , since the dawn of their creation .
va	NNS	He never liked big cities .
va	NN	Echo , myself , Cormac and a few others form a council of sorts .
va	NNS	For years , we kept the paintings in climate-controlled storage units that I rented by the month .
va	NN	Grace felt a flush of anger .
va	NN	Checking the mail , shoveling the walk .
va	NNS	I notice little tendrils of blue swirling about beneath the tips of my fingers where I 'm holding the vial .
va	NN	Immediately she covered her womb with her two hands as she faced the beast .
va	NNS	I have no regrets . "
va	NNS	" But I 'm still wearing my combinations . "
va	NN	" They 've accepted our invitation . "
va	NN	The reply came quickly " Unknown , Bridge .
va	NNS	You must have some great ideas .
va	NNS	Have you had these hunches before ? "
va	NN	Fernando felt a familiar shiver of fear snake through him .
va	NNS	We fished some flashlights out of our bags , clicked them on , and headed to the back corner of the courtyard .
va	NNS	He would mass his troops in the forests south of Souris where he might be able to maintain some semblance of surprise .
va	NNS	I 'd told him he 'd look better blond - because his natural color ?
va	NN	Hope you enjoy the bacon !
va	NN	His brothers received the brunt and they didn 't seem to notice .
va	NNS	I am methodically taking notes , trying my best to focus when someone behind me pokes my back .
va	NNS	Tears had left moist trails down her cheeks .
va	NN	I fought the guilt that was trying to steal over me , but I shook it off .
va	NN	She heard the crop clatter on the floor just before his large hands cupped her hips .
va	NNS	Many of them had moss and ferns growing on top of them .
va	NNS	He had his climbing claws affixed to the straps around his palms , and easily climbed the wall at the end of the alley .
va	NNS	Have the bandits hit any villages near here ? '
va	NN	" She 's going with me , " he said , reflection in his voice .
va	NN	Then , after 40km travel due south , I had a quick EVA to set up another .
va	NN	I turn off the TV just as the reporter begins to talk about the continuing chaos in Los Angeles .
va	NNS	I called a few buddies who are going to come out , too . "
va	NNS	The animal didn 't like helicopters .
va	NNS	The road has three sections .
va	NNS	As soon as my butt hit the chair , I opened two menus and propped them at the edge of our table .
va	NN	But why would she give me the route instead of someone who could buy it off her ?
va	NN	" Aggie , the judge put " no alcohol " on your probation order .
va	NN	And I don 't need insight .
va	NNS	The faint smell of old water fills her nostrils .
va	NN	Though it didn 't sound like a request .
va	NN	The other one you just mentioned showed me the perfume , and the receipt that did not include the perfume . "
va	NN	" Yes and a hurricane for her . "
va	NNS	I deflected all his strikes with an ease that enraged him to no end .
va	NNS	He raised his brows in question .
va	NN	" No , he does not have permission from me to speak to her . "
va	NNS	They had two long , dark red horns growing from upper foreheads and curling back to a sharp point .
va	NNS	I noticed now the dark circles that hung beneath his eyes .
va	NNS	You and your animals again .
va	NN	I put my biscuit on my plate .
va	NN	He oversees the production of many , many weapons ... ' ' What of it ?
va	NN	One held a shotgun .
va	NN	" Their father heads the town council . "
va	NNS	" I see the vigilantes . "
va	NNS	A drive downtown could have garnered him at least half a dozen willing beauties .
va	NNS	Both of you have lost your minds .
va	NN	He pointed his flashlight to more toppled chairs .
va	NN	I close my textbook and slip out the door , escaping the judgment .
va	NNS	He pressed bullets into the magazine .
va	NN	" I 'd like my own sleeping chamber . "
va	NN	He faces the altar and the pastor and smiles .
va	NNS	" Get the feathers . "
va	NN	With her left hand , the one without the scalpel , she swung a slap at the small child .
va	NNS	He gave them very simple instructions to draw a symbol symbolizing what described them .
va	NNS	They have elegant carvings on them .
va	NN	Walter flicked his cigarette into the water , and it hissed as he put his face into his hands .
va	NN	" Did you rob a bank or something ? "
va	NNS	I guess the boxes this side hold most of the smaller items .
va	NNS	No wonder he hadn 't complained overly much when she 'd rescued Paul 's sermon notes from the garbage truck .
va	NN	Imitating the prey ? "
va	NNS	Beneath them were engraved the letters CNRS and the numbers 129 .
va	NN	Finally she plucked up the courage to open William 's note , scared of what it said .
va	NNS	Plot synopsis Low budget zombie flick switches gears and turns into a ghost movie -- sort of -- about halfway through .
va	NN	Before she could find it , the squeal of rubber on the pavement announced the arrival of his transportation .
va	NN	Nine months elapsed before the gypsies once again set up site within a few hundred metres of his yard .
va	NN	When they reached the bank of phones , Nick handed the stretcher to Albert , who accepted it wordlessly .
va	NN	My specialty is stripping wallpaper . "
va	NNS	He owned dozens , and kept them maintained and garaged in various cities just so he could drive them whenever he was in town .
va	NN	" So " , I said finally , being the first to regain my composure .
va	NN	Just don 't make a habit of it .
va	NN	" Don 't turn my obsessive paranoia into a virtue .
va	NN	Instead he pressed the pad inside my mouth and pushed down , opening my mouth wider .
va	NNS	More snow weighed down the branches of small evergreen trees scattered throughout the grounds .
va	NN	Maybe I had taken advantage of her friendship .
va	NNS	Forty passengers and one tour director .
va	NNS	If anyone were tracking him , they would find only his animals .
va	NNS	The collar of my blouse had been turned upwards and I quickly folded it down .
va	NNS	They played three songs .
va	NN	Eliot said , a twinkle in his eye .
va	NN	" Look , maybe she 's got a stalker .
va	NN	And he had no intention of turning control over to George and the Trevelyan pack .
va	NNS	Blackness crept along the edges of her vision .
va	NNS	Others gathered dried branches to build a bonfire for the ceremony .
va	NN	He flicked the switch , pointed it at the wall , and danced a spot of light over the curved bronze surface of the dome .
va	NNS	In the past , he 'd controlled situations with women .
va	NN	Neenah made a little grimace , then looked rueful .
va	NN	" Of course you have my blessing .
va	NN	I 'm sensing some hostility here . '
va	NN	I 've scrubbed the pattern off my dishes .
va	NNS	But Brooke didn 't know his circumstances .
va	NN	Jones had the better recall .
va	NNS	' You mean downstairs ? '
va	NNS	" They have a barracks ! "
va	NN	I hear her bedside light click on .
va	NN	She 'd signed a legal agreement , and now they had inherited that agreement .
va	NN	While eating my lightly toasted toast , topped with overly salty beluga caviar -- where did they get this stuff , from the ocean or something ?
va	NN	And because they are wills they can - in nice people just as much as in nasty ones - refuse His request .
va	NN	I don 't exactly have a tan .
va	NN	When George turned away , he sent a wink to Austin .
va	NN	Because I 'm getting this strange vibe from you .
va	NNS	Logan clenched his fists , unwilling to listen to his father insult a woman he didn 't know .
va	NN	Frantic progress now seized the royal household .
va	NNS	She toed off her worn sneakers and then he unlocked yet another door .
va	NNS	Uniformed cops had already done their jobs and roped the area off , probably setting the perimeter further out from ground zero more than they needed to .
va	NN	They passed an old warehouse that had been subjected to some major renovations and was now expensive , trendy apartments .
va	NN	He took the bait .
va	NNS	Her hands squeezed the bars of the cage so tightly her skin turned translucent .
va	NNS	" You don 't want the traps with us ? "
va	NNS	The air was still , the lake mirroring the pristine skies .
va	NNS	The Canadians and Italians also sent troops .
va	NNS	They rode onwards , following the path up into the mountains .
va	NNS	With this new sum Rupert began recruiting volunteers from Royalists regions throughout England .
va	NNS	Walking through the woods , Jack heard footsteps nearby .
va	NNS	Looking further , he found rare and bootleg recordings of various artists .
va	NN	She 'd not had a lover since Sean .
va	NN	I left the prom with a knife-wielding psycho .
va	NNS	She pet Glimmer 's beautiful feathers and nuzzled his face against her own .
va	NN	He scooped up a condom packet from the floor at her feet and unbuttoned his fly .
va	NN	Detective Larry tested his partner 's theory with other possible scenarios .
va	NN	I have confidence in you , Marcel .
va	NN	Neil surreptitiously smelled one sleeve and agreed , although he would never admit it to her .
va	NN	He would now know the exact maneuver each would take so that he could meet the enemy blow for blow .
va	NNS	Small flowering trees and groomed flowers decorated the tiled paths that led to the four small buildings that rimmed the courtyard .
va	NN	She could hear the thud of her heartbeat in her ears .
va	NNS	That boy put bruises on my body .
va	NN	Thank the Master , not me . "
va	NNS	The council might have had countless lifetimes to live , but I was nineteen years old , and I really wanted to see twenty .
va	NN	She picked up the sheaf of papers .
va	NN	" Great , so ... " Lisa nodded awkwardly .
va	NN	" Speaking of clothing , " Elizabeth said , " we 've had a very special arrival from New York this week . "
va	NN	She didn 't notice the gentle thump at the bottom of the stairs minutes later .
va	NN	He had performed due diligence in polling them to gauge their feelings about worship .
va	NN	And during those dark weeks afterwards came my greatest inspiration .
va	NNS	Of course he 's had girlfriends .
va	NN	Zach slammed his helmet on and pushed through the other drivers to get into his car .
va	NNS	Dancing red-orange flames reflected off his dark irises .
va	NN	Frank closed up the garage and headed down the road .
va	NN	Adam deftly backed his vehicle up to the ramp and eased the rowboat into the water .
va	NNS	In addition to reading and writing , Pen loves movies and music , particularly the music of the 80s and prior .
va	NN	" Louis took his musket and some gifts and then he and Marquette followed the trail west .
va	NN	With one sudden and tremendous jolt the rocket entered the atmosphere .
va	NNS	" You never get visitors ?
va	NN	Right now she didn 't need that complication .
va	NN	" What the heck was that Willow ? "
va	NN	" The NFL has a huge double standard .
va	NN	He had a sleeping pallet and a chest to keep all his possessions in .
va	NN	The scratch of her pencil and her intense focus usually eased the stress knotting the muscles in her back and neck .
va	NNS	One could now hear songs that didn 't fit in any traditional category .
va	NN	In the distance , I heard a fierce howl , like that of a lone wolf .
va	NN	I bequeath to you the only written cipher to a real treasure of information .
va	NNS	I picked up his shorts and tossed them to him and grabbed my bathing suit .
va	NNS	The nun gave him her rations and was standing at the door of the tent , rubbing a wooden rosary between her fingers .
va	NN	' Frances and I have our Christmas shopping to do in town this afternoon .
va	NNS	He folded down the cymbal stands and stuffed them into an old brown suitcase .
va	NN	My aunt gave me some particularly effective salve . "
va	NN	A fact she probably didn 't realize and he one he had no business noticing .
va	NN	I had never had a cigarette before .
va	NNS	She followed his instructions for sliding it open and positioning it where he could gain access .
va	NNS	He lifted his brows .
va	NNS	Aren 't those just quirky little phrases -- idioms I think they 're called -- that mean something else ?
va	NNS	I remembered the rings and made sure Levi was where he needed to be on time .
va	NNS	She tightened her brows and saw into their patterns .
va	NN	He had a raging fever , and when he stumbled across the body he believed he was hallucinating .
va	NN	Take the ferry over to Ibiza and watch the girls in string bikinis ; you can tell the Bishop you were over there on research . "
va	NN	But because of this , she lost her balance .
va	NNS	I hear footsteps and a thud against the wall outside my bedroom .
va	NN	Logan set the soup down on a desk near the door .
va	NNS	They would change their minds .
va	NNS	He held up his clenched fists .
va	NNS	While I was feeling a little tipsy , I still had standards .
va	NN	I touched the necklace and closed my eyes .
va	NNS	Susannah had two customers , but when she saw Anne Marie and Ellen , she smiled and waved .
va	NNS	She rams her fists into the pockets of her hooded red parka .
va	NN	Their verbal sparring brought a small spark of satisfaction in her otherwise boring existence .
va	NN	Indeed , he was having a hard time processing what he 'd just heard .
va	NN	More dark curtains created a perimeter around the next space .
va	NNS	He 'd probably seen dozens , sometimes more than one a day .
va	NNS	Here come the troops .
va	NN	She forced her concentration back to the task at hand , refusing to listen to Carlo 's conversation anymore .
va	NN	" No insurance ? "
va	NNS	She brought out two mugs of hot sweet tea and gave one to the rat and one to Silas .
va	NN	Claire had her suitcase open on her bed and was busy filling it to the brim .
va	NN	She poured some ointment onto a gauze pad .
va	NNS	Rushing blackness surrounded her and she fell .
va	NN	Which went against his every grain .
va	NN	" Does Fang , have an off switch ? "
va	NNS	Could I perhaps be leaving messages with her ? "
va	NNS	We will meet Lucy downstairs in a few minutes . '
va	NN	The clearing they had all died in taunted her mercilessly , and she yearned to compare it to its current state .
va	NN	Turned the whole rebellion around .
va	NN	She flipped the switch on her car and turned the radio on to a sixties rock station .
va	NNS	The stink of Hewitt 's fear stung her nostrils .
va	NN	I had a scar , but it stretched the left side of my neck and was covered when I wore my hair down .
va	NNS	It indeed broke the stones like it was nothing more than sand , but it did not reach him .
va	NNS	" I have some army officers with me who specialize in intercepts and I kind of told them that you could run circles around them . "
va	NNS	Those men ... " " My prisoners , my specimens ... As are you . "
va	NN	Even as he spoke , I heard a loud scraping as he opened the thick kitchen door .
va	NN	I could feel a bruise developing on my left hand and further examination found a few light cuts as well .
va	NN	Because , rule nine : Don 't run head-on into Jack Reacher .
va	NN	- of whiskey , but I had a tolerance that would put the Irish to shame .
va	NN	The woman snapped her gum .
va	NN	Then , I felt the stirring of another dream coming over me .
va	NNS	But I will get any messages you may have to her . "
va	NN	We had a clear advantage here .
va	NN	Fat Charlie took another sip of his wine .
va	NN	She gave a girlish giggle .
va	NN	She took a sip of the water , her eyes on the table .
va	NNS	Around the big room , on all the other tables , lay more damaged machines .
va	NN	Hanna swallowed a giggle and shook her head .
va	NNS	The ruckus made always awoke his prisoners and let them know that he was coming up to see them .
va	NNS	He created Dick 's sound nerves and good digestion , and there is plenty more where they came from .
va	NNS	Clearly , she 'd set her sights on bagging Andre while she was here and she thought family principles might spoil her chances .
va	NN	But at the same time , she was already ensuring her role as the Lady of Mercia .
va	NN	But when I approached her - " He stopped talking , remembering the intensity of the feeling when he had touched her arm .
va	NN	The ability to wipe out the norm , force a clean slate .
va	NNS	Eric got two merits at school , and he was showing off at every moment he got , brandishing the papers proudly .
va	NN	" Starting a fire requires a spark we don 't have . "
va	NNS	He went back downstairs .
va	NNS	Over the next several months he made numerous visits to our home to check on my welfare , and to always take me out somewhere fun .
va	NNS	This woman knows her desserts .
va	NN	She lifted a pile of newspapers and looked under it .
va	NN	I will consult the council , and they will see what to do with your team .
va	NN	He stuck the pastry in his mouth so he could back out of the garage , then returned to holding it .
va	NNS	He sent four other parties in different directions armed with what information he knew and instructions for communication .
va	NNS	I had never encountered these ideas before : reincarnation , meditation , enlightenment .
va	NN	Longbow asked the commander .
va	NNS	Some had gunshots in them , signifying the confusion that 'd taken place sometime earlier .
va	NN	I could see the outline of his mouth , because his teeth were so white .
va	NNS	Everyone around the world loves your songs .
va	NNS	I figured the odds and sighed .
va	NNS	I didn 't check my messages , didn 't eat or shower .
va	NN	You donated a ridiculous amount of money to the Center when a much smaller amount would have saved it .
va	NN	If he had a weapon , he could maybe take out their last imp , and then beat up Errol and Vanessa .
va	NN	They had character , they were well written , but the songs lacked , as far as Gel could tell , feeling .
va	NN	Beyond the iron gate , he saw a curly-haired brunette who looked startlingly like his former fiancee .
va	NNS	The clubs on the Hill offered expensive martini bars and high-end dance clubs .
va	NNS	" You 've taken their souls .
va	NNS	Beast and I hold each other 's gazes for a long moment .
va	NNS	He could write love songs and the girls could swoon .
va	NN	That will keep our exposure to a minimum .
va	NNS	He called the archers in and ordered the gates closed and sealed and commanded the buttress , a second , heavier steel door be lowered behind it .
va	NN	Instead , I set the helmet on the seat between her legs and brazenly ran my fingers through her hair .
va	NN	Pussy couldn 't stop the guilt .
va	NNS	Her voice sends shivers down the back of my neck .
va	NN	Ethan made a visual scan of his instruments , then the clear sky ahead of them .
va	NNS	That would explain the animals .
va	NNS	His low and husky voice brought goose bumps to her skin .
va	NN	" I don 't have a web site yet .
va	NN	" But I like your enthusiasm . "
va	NN	Zoe knew a moment 's trepidation as she realized what she 'd done .
va	NNS	" So , you like sports ? "
va	NN	I brandished the packet of dental floss I 'd grabbed a minute ago , just in case that exact question was fired at me .
va	NN	He wanted somebody underage ?
va	NN	I can catch the last tube . "
va	NNS	" Good , can I kick your asses at poker now ? "
va	NN	So he can verify the honesty of that for himself .
va	NN	Sometimes when the earth 's faults move in these areas , they cause friction which causes the methane in the ice to catch fire .
va	NN	Thinking she was being helpful , Alix gave her a tabloid with big headlines about a miracle diet .
va	NN	" It made my flesh crawl , hearing it speak .
va	NN	The ring must choose it 's master .
va	NNS	Ice drenched my veins when he picked up a scalpel .
va	NNS	You can dodge arrows .
va	NN	James Dean knew he wasn 't crying because he was hurt , he had just watched his puppy being killed right in front of him .
va	NN	Last year , Selene used the chaos of Beauty and the Beast to murder Porsche , who was the De Ritter 's active Shield .
va	NNS	That still left the eleven orphans in the guest house .
va	NNS	The park police were constantly breaking up parties and booting revelers off park property .
va	NNS	Cuthbert looked terrified at having to do that and I could see his hands were shaking .
va	NN	When her breast was revealed , she saw the shift in Marco 's eyes .
va	NNS	He slammed his fists together and the spheres merged and exploded toward the twins .
va	NNS	The first day we heard fifteen screams , some close , some distant .
va	NN	Only , instead of a gun , she had a stake poised at Charlee 's throat .
va	NN	She abruptly slammed the brush against the rail of the bed , snapping it .
va	NNS	Vinny dropped her fists and pulled out her iPad .
va	NNS	" Being dead does have its advantages . "
va	NN	She also found a shoulder pouch with four magazines in it and one loose mag as well .
va	NN	" Listen , chica , one of the worst things for a boxer to have is doubt .
va	NN	The trademark blue-gray eyes confirmed my suspicion .
va	NN	He pressed the bandage back in place .
va	NN	But he 'd lost her cooperation .
va	NNS	Still , the sword did have opinions , and it rarely lied .
va	NNS	I began buying cases of all manner of canned goods as they were likely to keep .
va	NNS	" Bob built four flower boxes for Olivia 's front porch . "
va	NN	" Why didn 't his mate just kick the cheater out ? "
va	NNS	When she did get up she was only wearing boy shorts and a cami .
va	NN	I even wanted a tiara , which seems silly now .
va	NNS	" How many animals on the hillside are males ? "
va	NNS	She must have studied Greek and Celtic cultures extensively to reproduce such authentic copies .
va	NNS	The rest of the balcony crowd headed downstairs .
va	NN	" And I have a host of faeries to mock me .
va	NN	Amber About the Author Amber has always had a passion for the written word .
va	NN	" Sheen , give me a second to activate the auto-pilot , " Jimmy told his co-pilot while pressing several more buttons .
va	NN	" You gave her a concussion , Claire .
va	NNS	" I have a few boxes in my room and my suitcase is in there .
va	NNS	Gave her little presents and made her laugh .
va	NNS	" Glad to hear it , " Derrick said , " Guess he had good intentions when he pulled that trigger . "
va	NN	What the heck is that all about ? "
va	NN	It was only the seatbelt keeping her upright but she had slumped forward against the strap .
va	NN	Silence greeted her matter-of-fact revelation .
va	NNS	That answer didn 't support my hypothesis , but I wasn 't convinced .
va	NNS	Although Julia was already in the conference room , she picked up the messages on her desk and shuffled through them .
va	NN	prompted the secretary , extending the goblet towards the heir , " immortality ? "
va	NN	' Ah , ' said the raven , sagely .
va	NNS	In less than a minute of it being in front of me , I forked mouthfuls of spaghetti straight into my mouth .
va	NN	And he continued back up the yard and disappeared inside the house again .
va	NN	Harry pinched a map from my hands and looked over it with a keen eye .
va	NN	* * * * Quickly stuffing her hand inside the bag on his waist , Zoe felt the disk fragment .
va	NNS	" If you want , I can make some recommendations about who I think would work well here . "
va	NNS	You had those brake jobs and that timing belt . "
va	NNS	The breathy gasp in Kelly 's ear sent shivers through his body .
va	NNS	" You 're sending mixed messages . "
va	NNS	Roads like these linked villages throughout the interior .
va	NNS	Stephanie 's legs had both qualities of muscle and that of being a woman .
va	NNS	Just a look from him gave her shivers .
va	NN	" Now , come ; I needs must send my maid to fetch the necessary herbs to achieve the right effect . "
va	NN	I put my tray on the table and dropped onto the bench , still warm from Michael .
va	NNS	Look , the map says this levels out , and we already know this is farmland , right ?
va	NNS	Steve and Catherine followed the pilgrims through the gate into the mountain of Mary .
va	NNS	Suspicious , she creased her brows .
va	NN	The kisses started out sweet almost reverent , just his lips tender and chaste tracing a line across her belly .
va	NNS	Shortly after , he made sudden gestures as if he was trying to tell me something before sighing heavily .
va	NN	Rachel woke up , sweating and out of breath .
va	NN	That gave me courage .
va	NN	A wadded up napkin on her empty tray bolstered his confidence .
va	NN	Wiping the tears from her eyes , Kay replaced the photograph .
va	NNS	The Lord forbade the angels from fighting the demons on earth off , for he has mortal champions to fight them off .
va	NN	" Just what terrible deed did you do last night , my prince ? "
va	NNS	Thomas tore the ropes from Danielle 's hands and feet .
va	NNS	This will probably take several tries . "
va	NN	I squeeze her h * ps and pull her body closer to mine .
va	NN	Del a had been wil ing to go the limit for Kylie , but Del a hadn 't even felt comfortable enough to ask Kylie for blood .
va	NNS	He felt weightless as he fell forward .
va	NNS	Lucia brought cases with her from Washington .
va	NN	I could hear Roy greet .
va	NN	Stars signaled his birth .
va	NN	" I 'll take the first shift , and Zack will take the second shift .
va	NN	" I 've never flown before , period . "
va	NN	Interest replaced curiosity and the temperature outside hitched up a notch .
va	NNS	She could manage basic word processing programs , but anything beyond that and she was at a loss .
va	NNS	Clare gripped the edges of the bed , hanging on for dear life as Anya went to work on the other foot .
va	NN	He spun his hat on one finger .
va	NN	Before the arrival of Alfred Blake , stories had reached the tribe about strange light-skinned people who had appeared in neighbouring areas .
va	NNS	The amount of energy that it takes to just maintain this system is reaching its limits .
va	NNS	We picked 53 boxes ! "
va	NNS	They swallowed the red Ice crystals and their bodies became as one .
va	NN	He 'd told the little bitch to keep silent .
va	NN	But you have my gratitude .
va	NN	Let her show you what she wants , " Paul says quietly She 's nak * d in my room .
va	NN	True , she had lost the daylight , but lately she had spent most of her days waiting for darkness so she could be with Rylan .
va	NN	" It 's picking up trace activity , but that could just be left over from that night .
va	NN	After going through a set of doors , they entered an open corridor filled with paintings and tapestries .
va	NN	The knowledge of completion satisfied every particle of my body and I felt chills of pleasure .
va	NNS	His eyes sparkled wickedly .
va	NN	Maybe you 'll meet a chick at this thing .
va	NNS	I can fit all the songs in those boxes on my phone . "
va	NN	Haddington came down the corridor with a frown on his face .
va	NNS	He took her wrists gently , and pulled her arms down and away from her body .
va	NNS	He wanted the damn cones .
va	NNS	" Lilith reads minds .
va	NNS	Special men have special angels , and I 'm your angel , Lucky .
va	NN	" Does either of you have a flashlight ?
va	NNS	He scorched the tops of the trees with his breath .
va	NN	The screaming lost its momentum and subsided into heavy panting .
va	NN	Once again , I directed my gratitude toward the stray black dog .
va	NNS	Get your comrades . "
va	NN	" And I 've met your lovely fiancee .
va	NNS	He 'd read her case notes .
va	NNS	With such a muscular build , he could easily play sports .
va	NN	Gage scanned the room 's perimeter and quickly located an open doorway leading down to a lower level .
va	NN	Part of him wanted to tear Daniels a new asshole , whoever he was .
va	NN	Tommy flicked his cigarette to the ground and stomped it out .
va	NN	He tips his hat to me and tells the paramedic to quit wasting time and get me to the hospital .
va	NNS	When Zev walked in , Evans was tightening some large steel bolts around his contraption with a spanner , and Jonas was holding the frame steady .
va	NN	Conny took the limb from the woman and knelt before Jolene .
va	NN	Do good to those who hate you , pray for the happiness of those who curse you , implore God 's blessing on those who hurt you .
va	NNS	" I have tons , really . "
va	NNS	And yet quick , quick , came images , plans of evil , like furies preparing the deed that they would straightway avenge .
va	NNS	That 'll let new plants spring from the ground , and life will continue on .
va	NNS	They loaded the boxes onto a maglev cart and directed it out of the lab and towards the smaller transport .
va	NN	" In fact I have a request .
va	NNS	Eve caught the Devil 's wrists , wincing at the throb of her injured hand .
va	NNS	" I have some letters for you to scribe .
va	NN	Now , he saw his reflection and heard Tara 's voice vowing she wouldn 't get close .
va	NN	It was finely crafted iron , worked to look like climbing roses had grown over an iron fence .
va	NNS	Adam is showing signs of primping up to cry .
va	NNS	We have lost hundreds of lives trying to protect what we love . "
va	NNS	Just one drop of her salty tears could kill many souls .
va	NNS	She had driven manual transmissions before , so that wouldn 't be a problem .
va	NNS	I 'm covering my bases , Agent Mancini .
va	NN	I didn 't like his insistence that I call him by name and not title .
va	NNS	She thanked her angels that traffic moved well , if in thick swarming patterns .
va	NN	" Sugar sugar sugar .
va	NNS	They deserve their fates .
va	NNS	He moved all his official advantages to woo Melissa .
va	NN	I scrambled up a bank to get a better view .
va	NNS	They got four more braves to go with them .
va	NN	The first minute 's worth of poison would have caused dizziness and sickness .
va	NN	" You didn 't see the explosion coming , then ? "
va	NNS	Human Co went through how many thousands of humans a year ?
va	NNS	With mental communication she usually sensed only messages targeted at her .
va	NN	Why 's my wife holding a puppy in her arms . "
va	NN	Reeve nods a farewell , but that 's all : the boys just turn back to themselves and keep talking .
va	NN	" You can add gambling to your list . "
va	NN	She scanned the chamber , utilizing all her senses .
va	NNS	He passed the thermos of coffee over .
va	NN	I faced the muzzle of a blaster twice . "
va	NN	Ren took advantage of the distraction to stab the demon .
va	NN	She lifted the bracelet gingerly from the box and ran her fingers over the stones .
va	NNS	He tightened his brows and stared at Kylie 's pattern .
va	NNS	Natalie and Sophia tried the different berries and nuts with relish and each partook of the juice to their own taste .
va	NNS	Nick could make out two massive claws anchored into the rock face , like some mythic bat .
va	NNS	She checked the blankets to make sure he was getting as much warmth as could be managed .
va	NN	" To capture an enemy without inflicting harm will take a carefully spun illusion . "
va	NNS	A silly story about rats who thought they weren 't rats , ' said Dangerous Beans .
va	NN	For the woman to be in control , she needs a safe environment .
va	NN	She just didn 't want her record producing boyfriend to see the evidence of her betrayal .
va	NNS	Iseo allowed the images of the bathing ritual for his consecration to unfold .
va	NN	" We 'd better get our champagne .
va	NNS	As they hung up , she was already constructing the sentences in her mind .
va	NN	" I don 't know what to do , Lot . "
va	NN	Obviously , Elizabeth did not return the sentiment .
va	NNS	Change rattled as he unzipped it and found folded bills in there , too , and a driver 's license .
va	NN	We 'd eat chilled fruit my kitchen boy brought us , and we 'd listen as the nightingales sang as if their hearts were breaking .
va	NN	He was granted a suspended sentence for his first assault conviction six years ago .
va	NN	Some of the men quickly created a bonfire from discards they found on the beach .
va	NN	Always , when the sun was especially hot , she would proudly wear her ancient straw hat .
va	NN	He was rolling another cigarette .
va	NN	" He advises the Inquisitor ?
va	NNS	Get your asses out of there ! "
va	NNS	" Then you 've seen the movies ? "
va	NNS	This will show our followers that God has provided the perfect woman to bear my child , just as I 've promised .
va	NN	Carpathians have a different standard of values , of right and wrong .
va	NN	Spencer beat her abdomen with her fists .
va	NNS	She 'd gotten his messages .
va	NN	And so the troubadour slid back the bandage and looked into eternity , for there it lay in those dark empty pools of open space .
va	NN	Gaius ignored the hint of sarcasm in the man 's voice .
va	NN	" I said , give me the rapier .
va	NN	" I can feel your hesitation . "
va	NN	Hands on his shoulders like the faint brush of a breeze , butterflies and almost kisses .
va	NNS	" Your two new buddies .
va	NN	" The Caller ID says ' unknown caller ' . "
va	NN	I went my normal route , using an alley , and cutting directly to the back entrance .
va	NN	The ship had a surprising amount of room to spare below , and I got the impression that their crew had once been much bigger .
va	NNS	But she couldn 't get the images out of her mind .
va	NNS	" I got your messages .
va	NN	The Zealots had the leading role in the Jewish Revolt of 66 .
va	NN	I didn 't want an apology from him or an explanation .
va	NNS	I think if they were alive , we would 've crossed paths by now . "
va	NNS	The stench is unbelievable - not just the demons , but all the blood and guts .
va	NN	" You know the standard procedure .
va	NNS	" So you 'd abandon all those mistresses . "
va	NNS	She was seeing hundred dollar bills for the first time in her life .
va	NN	His long , sharp nose gave him the appearance of a vulture .
va	NN	His eyes caught the skirt she 'd been wearing that day draped precariously over the back of the chair next to the phone .
va	NNS	Getting emotional only ever prolonged matters .
va	NNS	" Hey , you two , get your asses to this door and let me in ! "
va	NN	I made a poor imitation of gargling .
va	NN	He pressed the radio again .
va	NN	I didn 't expect a slap in the face .
va	NN	' Inspector , my client has made a request . '
va	NNS	Maya heard struggling and muffled protests .
va	NN	We lost our inn to his debts six months ago , and we moved to the city .
va	NN	A sound like water bubbling .
va	NNS	I dug my claws deep into the sides of his neck until he screamed .
va	NN	I could understand his impatience ... and why he chose to go off on the long , lonely trade runs .
va	NN	" How can anyone have too much dignity ? "
va	NN	He fetched the pot and a cup for himself .
va	NNS	Then he wasn 't wearing his robes in the correct fashion .
va	NN	I can 't use that crutch anymore . "
va	NNS	With a shrug , he added two packets of sugar to his coffee and took a drink .
va	NN	She felt his erection swell beneath his jeans and press into her stomach .
va	NNS	I took out the contents .
va	NNS	She loved storms and the sound of rain .
va	NNS	Meg could feel her spirits sinking under a rising tide of despair .
va	NNS	Blake gestures to me and mouths silently , " What do we do ? "
va	NNS	Lay our necks before our betrayers ? '
va	NN	Jeff took the flashlight from the table and went to his room .
va	NN	He had perhaps an inch on me back then , and his dark eyes bored down hard , but I did not move .
va	NN	The pictures might reveal a shift at midnight .
va	NNS	Ray 's posthumous feature article on Boyd 's life won several journalism prizes and got him a big raise . ]
va	NN	Laura turned a becoming , bright shade of red .
va	NNS	Seth crashed down onto it , splinters of the wood tearing into his skin .
va	NNS	When I grabbed a pant leg , the cat dug her claws into the denim .
va	NNS	Already she could hear sirens in the distance .
va	NNS	They still say no visitors . "
va	NNS	And then he saw sprays of blood on the side of the robots and controls .
va	NN	" I just pulled the kettle off the fire . "
va	NN	I bolted upright in my bed , gasping for air and still feeling his touch on my hand .
va	NN	Celestial and glowing , it radiated its magnificent brilliance as if it were trying to comfort me .
va	NNS	" I hope its pancakes . "
va	NNS	Shallow Springs had more unsolved disappearances per capita than any other town or city in the state , with the possible exception of Richmond .
va	NNS	Each ring of tents sent representatives to the central food depot to claim their evening rations .
va	NNS	He doesn 't even get the usual lawyer visits that most of our other guests get from time to time .
va	NNS	She stroked his penis , and he released a throaty grunt .
va	NNS	Scar missed Frey 's attacks , flickering out of the way , like blinking lights , while Frey copied him .
va	NN	Then she remembered the revelation from yesterday .
va	NNS	said Vimes , pouring as much sarcasm into his tone as possible , since Carrot was so bad at recognizing it .
va	NN	I do love Gage .
va	NN	" The whole Pack heard my shift ? "
va	NN	He located the slab in one of the books and showed it to the woman behind the counter .
va	NN	The family buried the victim .
va	NNS	From the survivors ' minds he gleamed scattered images of what had happened .
va	NNS	Mrs. Poole opened the curtains and blinds , pulled towels out of the linen closet and brought them into the adjoining bath .
va	NN	I pulled my canteen from my pack and shook it slightly .
va	NN	It gave her the illusion of protection .
va	NN	Perhaps he 's already dropping enough thread to cut through my weave .
va	NN	Jake 's shock on her behalf soothed her wounded pride .
va	NNS	No , she must have done jobs in the past .
va	NN	" Yeah , but he did have this strange craving to chew on leather after that .
va	NN	I braced up my mental fortitude , and I began working again .
va	NN	These young men deserve more than a butcher or a charlatan .
va	NN	Andrea felt a stab of sadness .
va	NNS	So saying , she took her bearings and headed off cross-country .
va	NNS	I didn 't send any letters to daddy . "
va	NNS	The white tag meant security precautions .
va	NN	Looking up into his face , she caught the flare of green in his eyes just before she heard her case hit the ground .
va	NNS	The meat fills our bellies .
va	NNS	He took some bills out of his pocket .
va	NN	" We are putting French vanilla in its goddamned place , baby . "
va	NN	Stalkers have a tendency to escalate with each new encounter .
va	NNS	I hate those pathetic demons up there waiting to bid on me .
va	NNS	You 've probably spent hundreds of dollars buying coffee from me .
va	NNS	William put their cases on the bed , and opened a little door tucked away at the back of the room .
va	NNS	" For several years I lived miserably .
va	NNS	I can hear the curtains scraping against the rod and someone climbing inside .
va	NNS	" Wow , you don 't see too many beds that big in college apartments . "
va	NNS	Come downstairs and I 'll fix us something to eat . "
va	NNS	He knew a few letters , but the only one of the group who could truly read and write was Thomas .
va	NN	The cubs feel their mother 's intensity and look nervously at the large creature she 's about to chase .
va	NNS	Mrs. Flowers handed out flashlights .
va	NNS	I want the ogres and the people of the Black Kingdom to have a real relationship . "
va	NNS	' They have wars .
va	NN	John slid Brooke 's sleeve all the way up to her shoulder , and Brooke pierced her daughter 's skin with the end of the needle .
va	NN	After no more than fifteen seconds , the troll slapped a bandage on the wound .
va	NN	Did he still wear the silver crucifix necklace she had given him when he was in the hospital ?
va	NN	he asked the Inquisitor .
va	NNS	" I have some preparations to make . "
va	NNS	I 'll have more chapters though . "
va	NN	My mother gives me the brush and scoots away .
va	NN	I climb down and carefully walk across the bark to a picnic table sitting under the Banyan .
va	NNS	Ben dropped a few branches down at Lee angrily , but Lee was bouncing around with speed and agility and was totally unaware of the near misses .
va	NN	The man noted her consternation .
va	NNS	" Come on , we better leave the ladies to this . "
va	NNS	" For your own happiness , you must set your sights elsewhere . "
va	NNS	They all shot upwards , to the ceiling , which again glowed with the blue-green patches of the tunnels and caves .
va	NNS	xxxxxx N A smile spreads across my lips , so wide it hurts .
va	NN	He reached and found the light switch where he remembered it and pushed it upward .
va	NNS	I scanned the contents , reaching in and lifting the clothing to do a thorough check .
va	NN	So he raised the capital and I started building the business .
va	NNS	" I don 't have any leeches on my speed dial . "
va	NNS	He had recognized the signs .
va	NN	" Give me a flashlight . "
va	NNS	You said six grand !
va	NN	And I hardly need my fix anymore .
va	NNS	I pictured hordes of workers , waiting in the wings with plastic tarps .
va	NNS	" Mr. Roman gave me specific instructions that he was not going to see anyone today . "
va	NN	Apparently , Locke wasn 't above taking advantage of the director 's authorization to involve Naturals in this case .
va	NNS	Of course , it hadn 't helped matters , to walk around in the snow with just a stocking over her cast .
va	NN	She 'd chosen a simple black skirt , pale pink blouse , and pearls .
va	NN	I slowly take off my helmet .
va	NNS	Talking about that is like shoving splinters into my eyes .
va	NN	She ignored his roar of disbelief .
va	NN	Mikey gently captured Pet 's elbow and turned her towards Shell Road .
va	NNS	" That gives me chills . "
va	NNS	But I 've got a few ideas on how to pull that off . "
va	NNS	Partly because we were in the library , but more because I was afraid I was way overstepping my bounds .
va	NNS	His shirt was almost totally gone , his pants nothing but scorched threads .
va	NNS	They were in the Weaver 's Realm , they wore strips of cloth .
va	NN	I took em to my house to get washed up .
va	NN	Maybe I can take up jogging and start running by his place .
va	NNS	Have these two rug rats been driving you crazy ? "
va	NN	Tomorrow night he would share the master chamber with his new bride .
va	NN	And we can 't risk a division .
va	NNS	When we 'd get hungry , we 'd gather raiding parties and grab whatever humans we could and just gorge on their flesh until we were sated .
va	NN	She pulled down the hood , revealing sharp cheekbones , sharper eyes , and a lovely face .
va	NN	The Poet continued his rant , and the few security patrolling nearby ignored him .
va	NNS	None showed any signs of tainted blood . "
va	NN	someone added vociferously , also yearning for Abraham to conclude .
va	NN	Taking time from supervising the completion of the work on the fountain , he sought out the manager of the plant in the man 's office .
va	NNS	It had two overlapping circles carved into each half of the locket .
va	NNS	" Tell your troops to take their positions , and have the other platoons report when they 're in position . "
va	NNS	" I can 't make any promises , not until I figure things out here . "
va	NNS	I haven 't heard or gotten any surprise packages from Preston either and the texts have stopped .
va	NN	" Sure , this cap signifies freedom .
va	NNS	" Papa 's really pulling out all the stops to run you off . "
va	NN	It took a few groans , each one louder than the previous one , to make my mom finally come check the bathroom .
va	NNS	Mac and the bodyguards kept lifting stones , joined by workers and others in the station .
va	NNS	Remember those movies of ghosts walking the Earth alone , trying to get someone to see them , to pay attention to them ?
va	NN	" I don 't do tequila . "
va	NNS	Will report initial findings after primary surgery is complete .
va	NNS	He caught her wrists in a painful grasp .
va	NN	A closer look revealed the fountain to be full of coins beneath the shimmering water .
va	NNS	The city demanded taxes , but did not provide anything in return .
va	NNS	Humans have fast , versatile minds , a side effect of being so short-lived , no doubt .
va	NNS	They had gone downstairs .
va	NNS	Part of me expected gunshots to follow my path , but either no one in the sky saw me , or they didn 't care .
va	NN	Maddox barely leashed a deafening roar .
va	NNS	Through strange channels . "
va	NNS	I could therefore travel both worlds with ease , though my gentry heritage still unnerved me .
va	NN	A sweet-smelling spring breeze turned a page in the large nearby tome , and the small creature hunched low , considering a hasty flight .
va	NNS	He drops his orange marbles - he 's found something better to play with .
va	NN	" -- passion . "
va	NNS	Won 't see the artists much .
va	NN	The voice in my head would not cease cackling .
va	NNS	He studied the bruises , brushing them gently with his fingers .
va	NN	Off to the left , not too far away , a wide patch of silver marked a large lake .
va	NN	Listening intently , I followed the muffled tick across the room .
va	NNS	A horrible stench of burning skin and hair singed her nostrils .
va	NN	I know an inn .
va	NNS	You can 't make false accusations like this .
va	NNS	People don 't encrypt documents unless they hold something important , but even after decrypting this one , I had no idea what it meant .
va	NNS	In the end , it took a few more tries and both of them to yank the old window open enough that he could step in .
va	NN	" Did your husband give you any hint about where they were going ? "
va	NN	I brought her dry toast and white soda at lunchtime , something that I remembered her doing for me when I was sick .
va	NNS	I move the curtains aside and walk to the piano , trying to compose myself .
va	NNS	The white mask had three vertical openings and one horizontal .
va	NNS	Then , I hear the ropes of pulley cart .
va	NN	He removed the key fob from his left pants pocket and repeatedly pressed the Lock button .
va	NNS	With the other , I shot three quick jabs into his now bloodied face .
va	NN	That mesh initiates the growth of crystal whiskers that eventually cover the entire wall like a mold .
va	NN	" His people use a different accounting of years than we do , starting when their prophet Muhammad arrived in Mecca . "
va	NNS	My mother had known the risks .
va	NNS	He couldn 't afford any disasters this evening .
va	NNS	Each of her brothers had received letters from her father soon after completing their portions of the yearlong inheritance clause .
va	NN	Jade had a hint of sarcasm in her voice .
va	NNS	In addition to her attractive features , Amy had some less than angelic qualities that surfaced every once in a while .
va	NN	I 've had too much sugar . "
va	NN	" My daddy has a small ranch over on Molokai .
va	NNS	" Let your healers keep working here .
va	NN	' Darko , ' said Bond . '
va	NNS	" No one can argue his successes in Spain . "
va	NN	Stretching down , she plugged the cord into the wall outlet , and then settled back against the pillows .
va	NN	The first few times she asked for strange foods , I tore the Vale apart looking for them .
va	NN	Then the scanner let out a shrill warning beep , and my heart stood still .
va	NNS	He issued commands like a drill sergeant . "
va	NNS	" People hog the machines . "
va	NN	" You have a leash for him , right ? "
va	NNS	The key here is getting the cases .
va	NNS	Leaning out over the water , he saw dozens of tiny shapes gliding away underwater .
va	NNS	She had the latest medicines in the cabin , and then he would be fine .
va	NN	She waves her hand dismissively in James ' direction .
va	NN	Even in the middle of this danger , she felt a wash of emotion .
va	NN	He set the spoon down and turned with a touch of panic .
va	NN	" Why don 't you stay and tell my replacement ? "
va	NN	It also would prevent feedback that would be a dead giveaway that something was up .
va	NNS	We might grab some tacos first . "
va	NN	She brushed over the usual catalog of human miseries ; the endless disgruntled whining about life and its lack .
va	NNS	That night everyone slept outdoors .
va	NNS	But then came the taxes . '
va	NN	From a block away , Carol could hear the roar of his truck as he sped toward the house .
va	NNS	How could she possibly have any regrets , when she felt so full ?
va	NN	She gave no indication that she was remotely guilty of anything .
va	NNS	Last time they sent French cuffs without any links .
va	NNS	" Any ideas ? "
va	NN	The banshees had formed a protective cocoon around their leader .
va	NN	What if the Werewolves and the Vampires no longer considered this neutral territory ?
va	NNS	Taylor shook her blonde curls and jumped up and down .
va	NN	" If you want to borrow our canoe , we 'll lend you some camping gear .
va	NN	All he cared about was devouring every inch of sweet Jessica 's mouth .
va	NNS	" Aiden doesn 't arrange appointments . "
va	NNS	His gaze returns to the pages .
va	NNS	I don 't see any signs of this sucker running away . "
va	NN	He patted the bundle on the shoulder encouragingly , and continued advancing on the house .
va	NNS	They kicked your asses and ran you out of there .
va	NN	" King Triton granted me permission .
va	NNS	Val 's eyes held an abiding sadness .
va	NNS	Georgie gripped her armrests through the landing and stood up in her seat before the seat belt light went off .
va	NN	I got your voicemail .
va	NNS	A rogue who chose to stay a rogue on purpose had few redeeming qualities .
va	NN	Or saw the ghost 's reflection .
va	NNS	You have four new messages from your grandpa !
va	NN	Being magical creatures , water wraiths can block the curse somewhat , but a human doesn 't stand a chance . "
va	NN	She managed half a sentence before standing up .
va	NNS	I have many businesses that keep me extremely busy .
va	NN	Just like a horny teenager .
va	NN	Even that small movement made her head swirl with vertigo , and she put a hand on the woodpile to steady herself .
va	NN	Does this mean I ´ m at the center of the universe ?
va	NN	If he wanted to avoid the unpleasantness , he could have not invited Cat .
va	NNS	Weldon was greeting other werewolves and ignoring us .
va	NN	My father abandoned his post and refused to take part in the ceremony . "
va	NNS	If two or three went to steal the cocaine , and we took them out , then it would improve our odds .
va	NNS	I like parties . "
va	NN	Instantly realizing what he is up to , Mai opens a portal beneath Rift 's feet as well as directly in front of the fleeing form .
va	NN	The feel of her body beneath his sent his heart racing .
va	NN	Through the base of the glass dome she could see the ocean raging below .
va	NN	Looking around , I examined every inch within sight .
va	NN	Emma had lost her appetite .
va	NN	Even I can see the revulsion in their expressions .
va	NNS	Once Brutus had his fill of food and wine , he called the festivities to an end .
va	NNS	Does he read minds ?
va	NNS	" Cassie has some other duties to attend to .
va	NN	The crowd let out a yelp , whether of excitement or horror he wasn 't quite sure .
va	NNS	He unloaded their drinks and pulled out the chair across from her .
va	NN	To feel her shiver in his arms .
va	NNS	" They pulled their trousers down and stuck their bare behinds in the air ... " " Really ?
va	NNS	" I 've made the trip dozens of times before without getting caught .
va	NNS	The lowlifes that broke in here didn 't really take the crown jewels ; they had to settle for a few notes in the cash register .
va	NNS	Heck , I even drove a few fire trucks in my day .
va	NN	You also had a concussion and they picked a bunch of glass out of your face .
va	NNS	From now on , you make promises to no one but me .
va	NNS	He had this one alias just to be used at his vacation house .
va	NN	" No , " Austin took a sip of her soda .
va	NN	No record of who surrendered the vehicle .
va	NN	I got the flooring done last year .
va	NNS	" You 've disturbed the elephants ! "
va	NNS	Several of the soldiers had drawn their pistols and pointed them at the Scottish Nobles .
va	NN	Stop this madness right now ! "
va	NN	" Everyone has a price .
va	NNS	The guards won 't search the forests . "
va	NNS	And he could feel the tremors in his legs and in his hand .
va	NN	She sucked up her pride ( and her sanity ) and let him lead her back to the bar .
va	NNS	I may not can see his intentions directly , but I can see his soul mate 's bright light with absolute clarity . "
va	NNS	All the bedrooms had beds now , as well as chairs , nightstands , and throw rugs .
va	NN	Thornton had our smith checking all the weapons ; it was like they 'd decided to go to war overnight .
va	NN	The Norns watched the portal .
va	NNS	The entire wedding party for Jack and Emma sat outdoors at a large wooden dinner table , the evening breeze blowing warmly .
va	NN	One even had a helicopter landing pad on top and people quickly gathered and waved them down .
va	NNS	One year , I received numerous scarves from Belize , the next it was hats from Paris , and then another it was bone jewelry from Africa .
va	NN	His fingers wrapped her abdomen and moved slightly , cupping her waist .
va	NN	Give him confidence that nobody suspects him , which of course we don 't since we have no idea who did this . "
va	NN	She uses the bank where he works . "
va	NN	" I travel around the Land of Flora to keep an eye on what is going on in the Land of our Fair Lady . "
va	NN	Despite the hideous symbolism behind it , they took up residence in a small disused retirement community .
va	NN	The woman trailed the scrap of silk across Amparo 's hand .
va	NN	You can save this experimental phase for college for all I care .
va	NNS	You 've got dark circles under your eyes . "
va	NN	She sat upright , brightening as she thought that Mateo must have come to see her .
va	NN	His early death had cemented his stature , as a totemic figurehead to be aspired and looked up to .
va	NNS	I rubbed my wrists as the ties binding them fell to the floor .
va	NNS	Glowing Florida orchards in summer .
va	NN	However , I understand the difficulty of competing with undergraduates .
va	NN	But if he did , and the animals made a mess , he 'd feel Adeline 's wrath for sure .
va	NN	Tavi felt a dizzying surge of relief .
va	NN	Well , cool down inwardly .
va	NNS	Chet clenched his fists and lowered his head .
va	NN	He considered this a small kindness from God or perhaps his subconscious to remind him she was different -- transformed by death -- just dropping by .
va	NN	She experienced a shiver of apprehension .
va	NN	A bar called the Hunter 's Moon on Hester Street .
va	NNS	The village spread dozens of acres away in the horizon .
va	NN	Nate didn 't appreciate a reminder that my life seemed to be in jeopardy .
va	NN	I took the bus to the nearest big city and hitchhiked from there .
va	NN	Gatsby let out a huge grunt as he finally managed to get the sock to slide the rest of the way onto his foot .
va	NNS	She clenched her fists and concentrated on the warmth , the energy it seemed to give her .
va	NNS	Theo gave him some restraints and Mac 's hands were tied up .
va	NNS	He didn 't have any intentions of repeating the fight with his dad .
va	NN	Until I hear a rustle from the hedges .
va	NN	And then I 'm teaching driver 's ed this summer . "
va	NN	Alaric and another wolf , the largest of the pack , have reached the boulder .
va	NNS	They pressed close , hard planes meeting soft curves and fitting together without gap , despite their difference in height .
va	NNS	" You 've delayed matters , that 's all .
va	NNS	' Evan , could you please come downstairs ? '
va	NNS	She squeezed her fists in frustration .
va	NNS	To make serious advances , four .
va	NN	' Oh my gosh !
va	NNS	I have never seen power manifest so effortlessly for anyone .
va	NN	Alma blew out the lamp and the whole room plunged into darkness .
va	NN	They still make a big profit , but the law don 't look too hard as long as they keep turning people in . "
va	NNS	" I do not know , " Helen admitted miserably .
va	NN	But if I have your word of honor , I 'll send you the Cameron 's active Shield , Larissa .
va	NNS	I shot my fists out , grabbing them both by the throats before they could sink their teeth into my neck .
va	NN	Izzy put the sling into a crawl towards the smoke .
va	NNS	We will reopen and rebuild the 12 Mexican military districts . "
va	NN	Rolling her neck , she entered the gloom .
va	NN	" You don 't have much confidence in me . "
va	NN	I lift my h * ps and start slipping off my pants , because what I want is for him to be inside me .
va	NN	These folks got a stake in the building of the bridge . "
va	NNS	Dew from the alfalfa stalks dampened their trousers .
va	NNS	We were having drinks one night after a jury trial and Judge Cook walked into the bar .
va	NNS	And a string orchestra was playing old love songs .
va	NNS	How many drinks had he had ?
va	NNS	I have several acres , and the gardens are beautiful .
va	NN	On the fifth day , they reached the ocean .
va	NN	Dad , I got a signal from something and now one of the mobile homes is on fire !
va	NN	For example , when we go out to lunch he not only keeps the restaurant stub but writes the date and time on it as well .
va	NN	Brick egged the tap on with his body motion .
va	NNS	I could see blood trails everywhere .
va	NN	They blinked and Dwayne knew with his ability to resurrect from death , he would always have the advantage .
va	NNS	Every morning we straightened the scarves , picked debris off the floor and smoothed the towels .
va	NN	Maggie took some tuna from her sandwich and put it on the porch near the cat .
va	NN	Now when I thought of him I felt only a sick and churning hatred in my stomach .
va	NN	But I have a renegade who is pretending to be me and threatening my Hunters . "
va	NNS	He had a couple girlfriends .
va	NN	I accepted a bulletin from an usher and seated myself a carefully calculated distance from the pulpit .
va	NNS	" I 'd love the pancakes and strawberries . "
va	NNS	The groceries I 'm carrying fall to the ground and the paper sacks rip , spilling the contents across the pavement .
va	NNS	Nicky made air quotes with his fingers .
va	NNS	She could feel the terrifying cold chills all through her body .
va	NN	It took every penny I had to pay for this final trip .
va	NN	When reading a human , we see a similar pattern with everyone .
va	NN	Marcus got the hint .
va	NNS	They shifted their claws only enough to move into a tight line .
va	NNS	They concerned his experiments with magnetism to shatter XNA strands , ripping those iron backbones under just the right pulse .
va	NN	He ran his forefinger over the wall , along the clutter of pictures .
va	NNS	On the other side of the tent , the musketeers held the tent curtains aside .
va	NN	Henry began firing at the soldiers as well .
va	NN	Amelia had no intention of taking the opioid and she was ready as ever for a fight .
va	NNS	On the left , he had listed the main facts .
va	NN	The mellifluous music momentarily took the audience into the 18th century , to the Emperor 's glorious palace , the baroque architecture , and the laced gowns .
va	NNS	He might have bruised her wrists while he was helping her .
va	NNS	It dug its claws into Cain 's unconscious body and flung him across the room .
va	NN	' It 's a big place , you 'll get a great audience !
va	NN	They reached the exit hatch that led out of the CIC and into the companionway .
va	NNS	" You really need stitches . "
va	NN	" Can you keep a confidence ?
va	NN	Campers received mail , but if you received more than three pieces of mail , you had to sing a song in front of the entire camp .
va	NNS	He regained his bearings by looking for the glimmers of metal on the northern rim .
va	NNS	The scientists gave up their large scale studies and concentrated on essential research .
va	NN	She could similarly see the daylight that filtered through the cracks around the edge of the boulder .
va	NNS	He 'll burn fields if he can 't get what he wants .
va	NN	' Multiply thy race .
va	NN	" Oh , improve health , raise the standard of living .
va	NNS	The property had three main shelters with no sides .
va	NNS	She pushed a few stray curls from her forehead , turning so that her back was to me .
va	NN	She would have covered up her red bikini if she knew what was going through his mind .
va	NNS	After Bosworth , Lincoln made his preparations and finally his claim .
va	NNS	Experiences that would never , could never , pass the bounds of fantasy .
va	NNS	" I bring hunters , even a few nature photographers , up here quite regularly .
va	NNS	I 've never handled obstacles particularly well , and I don 't want to go home yet .
va	NN	I spotted Aunt Lulu 's prize geranium bushes .
va	NNS	We 'd just killed hundreds of their guys and we were about to be captured . "
va	NNS	" Yep , and no one could build cells fast enough .
va	NNS	The soldier pushed his robes back so they could see the hilt of his blade .
va	NN	His eyes showed curiosity .
va	NN	" Stop caring about what other people think . "
va	NN	" Sergeant Miller has his black with one sugar . "
va	NNS	When I heard a floorboard creak again , I pulled the blankets over my head .
va	NN	The table murmured its appreciation .
va	NN	Poseidon has relinquished his wrath on us .
va	NNS	She made no more protests .
va	NNS	I dug my nails into his back , clinging to the one person anchoring me from floating off in pure bliss .
va	NNS	Author 's proceeds from all these books benefit battered women 's shelters .
va	NN	" Can 't locate ' em . "
va	NNS	" Sometimes the game my brother chases doesn 't have horns . "
va	NNS	I pocketed the two stones and made my way down the front steps , closing the door carefully behind me .
va	NN	Fangs bared , his eyes blazing red , he sidestepped deftly and plucked the stake from her hand .
va	NN	Ashton let out a pained grunt , his body sagging against mine .
va	NN	I heard a loud bang and then ... I was falling .
va	NNS	She adjusted restraints around his wrists instead .
va	NNS	I NEED THIS NOW .
va	NNS	Tork didn 't appreciate technical explanations .
va	NN	Surely , he can read his own map .
va	NN	I nodded my agreement just as Mr. Abramson called the class to order .
va	NNS	In between the football highlights and the blooper reel , one can imagine all the viewers tuning in .
va	NNS	She 'd given the matching earrings to Chelsea .
va	NN	Her world was tilting off balance , and she was afraid that she would never be able to regain her footing again .
va	NNS	He couldn 't afford slip ups ; it had to be perfect .
va	NNS	" My brothers and sisters and I all have duties we attend to .
va	NN	You got the wedding invitation , right ? "
va	NN	I recalled the mountain of paperwork that had taken hours to fill out , and Claudia presenting an acceptance letter later that same day .
va	NN	She was mindlessly watching the parade of strangers when Skyler freed the newspaper from the sack and handed it to her .
va	NNS	Beside me , Day repeats my instructions for Eden over his own mike .
va	NN	The efforts of your comrades inside the Alliance ranks have discovered a host who will bring a new vitality to our union . "
va	NN	It made her nerves flare .
va	NN	He needed help decorating , too .
va	NN	The feather comforter went poof all around her .
va	NN	I could hear the television blaring inside the common room , but other than that it was pretty damn peaceful out here .
va	NNS	No threats or bribes could change their minds .
va	NNS	' We always stop strangers to make sure they are not smuggling though .
va	NN	She said pleasantly , " Now that we 've established the fact that we both missed each other , why don 't you sit down ? "
va	NNS	She beckoned her daughters to come forward , murmuring , " Girls , why don 't you take Misty to the refreshments table ?
va	NNS	I don 't punch police officers . "
va	NNS	Then she twined her fists together and pounded his back .
va	NNS	We have , of course , taken precautions .
va	NNS	Can you not imagine the wrongs you could right , the peace you could bring to your world of unbridled chaos ? "
va	NNS	Gallop would find unnatural buying patterns ; we 'd be disqualified . '
va	NN	I looked up and down the long corridor , still smelling the salt air , still feeling the warmth .
va	NNS	I don 't like jets very much .
va	NN	" Who usually handles your bonding for you ? "
va	NN	That past he had found the courage to face .
va	NN	Brennan handed her a full tray , and she quickly deposited the contents around the room .
va	NN	The survivor takes a long drag .
va	NNS	Brian Macintosh purchased two programs from the usher , and they were seated .
va	NN	After a moment of silence except for the drips of rain from trees around him Daniel started reasoning again .
va	NN	Tina took a deep drag on the cigarette .
va	NN	I missed the sparkle he got in his eyes when he was goofing around with me , having fun .
va	NNS	They all carried baby wipes and basic hygiene necessities and it felt good to take some of the grime of battle and travel off .
va	NN	Michael shouldn 't be taking advantage of his students . "
va	NN	She probably doesn 't even need a bodyguard .
va	NNS	" Like I told you , we 're talking about hundreds of dollars , not thousands .
va	NNS	He had no regrets , because he loved his boy more than anything in the world .
va	NNS	Anyway , I 'm not going anywhere , so don 't get your hopes up on escaping me . "
va	NN	You may now kiss the bride . "
va	NN	Are you feeling alright ?
va	NNS	She had high hopes that she could eventually be skilled enough to best both of them .
va	NN	When he had reached out to her on the riverbank , she noticed a scar starting at his knuckles and running up under his tunic .
va	NNS	You did not follow those instructions .
va	NN	I picked the photo back up and stared at it for a few minutes before turning it over .
va	NN	I hung my helmet on the mirror and swung my leg over the bike , joining her as she walked back to the porch .
va	NNS	The two items had ages of time between , yet they were both of equal value to the girl .
va	NN	" And one to make sure I had no alibi .
va	NNS	The braves were setting the poles in the ground , four of them , about sixteen feet in height above the ground .
va	NN	I had never smoked a cigarette , but when in Rome ... " Is it safe here ? "
va	NNS	I opened messages on my phone and wrote : Just thought you might like to know that I found out about my birth mother .
va	NNS	The truth dashed her hopes .
va	NNS	With that one action , in that one moment of the most intense ecstasy I 'd ever experienced , he sealed our fates .
va	NN	The boy had kept her jogging about like a horse at the races , she said , and she was deserving payment for it .
va	NN	" Had some cereal . "
va	NN	He tore out a page from the book and stuffed it into a pocket area hidden on the inside of his armors chest plate .
va	NN	Didn 't budge at first , almost pulled out a shotgun , but , low and behold , it finally left before any violence ensued . "
va	NN	Jason considered the request .
va	NNS	He 's still doing shows in Vegas . "
va	NNS	Samantha and I both got notes .
va	NNS	Laughing , delighting in the sensation of being purely clean , knowing they had left the dust storms back behind them .
va	NN	After that , the uniforms had the names sewn on with thread .
va	NNS	So now we use rats , who prefer to keep secrets because they know what 's good for them .
va	NNS	They marched past businesses that typically closed in the evenings to take part in a late evening till 2 a.m. period of carefree entertaining .
va	NNS	Because they have lived in trees for an eternity , they have always suffered casualties during electromagnetic storms .
va	NNS	She pushed herself back , upwards against his pillows .
va	NNS	You can 't get more casual than that . "
va	NN	Kathy uttered another shriek of frustration and turned away .
va	NNS	I dig my nails into my fist .
va	NNS	Finding out nobody has souls .
va	NN	Not a whisker on him , but even unwittingly , he plays his role .
va	NN	I let my fingers dig into his shoulder , hoping he would get the hint .
va	NNS	Among them , I found a few sturdy ropes and some heavy looking metal slabs .
va	NNS	Andy nodded to the guard and turned so the man could cut the cords binding his wrists together .
va	NN	By the time we swept everything up , we 'd missed the entire second period of the hockey game .
va	NN	The colorful view of St Basil 's cathedral towered over the foggy skyline .
va	NNS	Creed seldom did back-to-back hunts .
va	NNS	Zachariah had regular visits to the hospital , designed to monitor his deterioration .
va	NNS	" Do your sunglasses have x-ray qualities ?
va	NNS	He marked out several shady looking characters but saw no one who seemed an ideal source of information .
va	NNS	Using notes and little boxes and arrows in different colors .
va	NN	She would strike awe into people just by her being ; her eyes would burn with their intensity .
va	NNS	We actually only had our drinks and an appetizer .
va	NNS	He scooped up the arrows and stained bedding and pitched them outside .
va	NN	Do you have a map ?
va	NN	Maybe by watching this human defender , she would find the courage she needed to be successful , too .
va	NN	Every moment we have a new canvas in our mind to paint the picture of our soul .
va	NNS	The bodice had hundreds of crystals sewn into it and was , by all accounts , gorgeous .
va	NNS	Turning cold and barely aware of herself , she clutched the metal bars and spat at Elysia .
va	NNS	The old-world flair included antique machines and tables , even though their internal mechanisms were upgraded to state of the art .
va	NN	He went along the corridor to the tiny spare room at the back of the house and looked down into the gardens below .
va	NNS	Hawk , ignoring the innuendo , poured two more drinks , and both he and Antonia downed them immediately .
va	NN	She 'd reveal her new self there .
va	NNS	As you know since so many things are scarce folks are selling their slaves or trading them for food and stuff . "
va	NNS	And your dreams have no boundaries .
va	NN	While she spoke , she applied white fluffy frosting to what would soon evolve into a giant snow ball cake .
va	NN	Glancing around the room he saw the chaos around him .
va	NNS	I just went home and heated up leftovers for my husband . "
va	NNS	Above , the moon illuminated the tops of trees and bushes and created black , impenetrable shadows beneath .
va	NNS	We approached the filter lanes to the car parks , and the departures ' drop off zone ' was just ahead .
va	NNS	You could even disband your own pitiful forces since they would be unnecessary . "
va	NNS	Dad had his poems and Mom had her research , and Patrick and Nate and I had school and jobs and futures to think about .
va	NN	You could not even muster the courage to tell me good-bye .
va	NN	Tame this wild beast . "
va	NN	Carlos grabbed his sleeve and latched on like eagle 's talons .
va	NN	I picked up my waitress pad , put on my cheerful smile , and hurried to greet our first customers of the day .
va	NNS	He was kicking stones and looking down .
va	NNS	Just to make sure he carefully placed small devices in each of the large machines .
va	NN	He could feel his blood pounding through his veins as he stared at those moist , full lips .
va	NNS	By the time he also got to his feet , he could see the riders .
va	NN	The Grand Master frowned at the tarnished grain , she could of at least had the decency to defile the floor .
va	NN	Turns out she 's kitchen maid up at Lord Sommerville 's big house .
va	NN	That would have stirred suspicion .
va	NNS	Sally had only seen these lizards in the movies skittering about on the hot rocks of the Arizona badlands .
va	NNS	I followed Matthias to a small cold room that I assumed was his room .
va	NNS	I lifted my brows .
va	NNS	Like a referee at a first class football match , he had seen enough dives in the penalty area to be careful when awarding penalties .
va	NNS	Dana entered the latter stages of a nightmare that would stay with her for the rest of her life .
va	NN	I can forgive Raven .
va	NNS	Then I felt the smooth curves of a hairpin and grinned .
va	NNS	I grabbed the boxes from his hand and handed him $ 40 , before glaring at him .
va	NNS	" She was using food stamps . "
va	NN	Sarah grabbed her radio when they reached their stuff and spoke into it .
va	NN	Christie carried the teapot into the family room , where Teri sat with her swollen feet propped up .
va	NN	" You weren 't taking the hint .
va	NN	A few steps away , the team leader held his radio earpiece , listening to someone .
va	NN	" Expects a long humiliation . "
va	NNS	And then he remembered Grace 's broken pleas .
va	NN	Did he need a bar tender for a party ? "
va	NNS	Please give me my flip-flops . "
va	NNS	I can hear his footsteps stomping down the hall towards their bedroom .
va	NNS	He could hardly respect the lass if she 'd sat there stoically and accepted anything ill he said of her clan .
va	NN	She took a large wooden spoon and stirred the kettle of simmering sauce .
va	NN	He tugged down one strap of her dress , kissing her neck down to her shoulder .
va	NN	Just what adorable little niece are you ? "
te	NN	" You mean my ' sponsor ' ?
te	NN	' Small , I 've borrowed the cash . '
te	NNS	I pulled off my gloves .
te	NNS	Hundreds of fires dotted the hills all about him like stars that had fallen from the sky .
te	NN	We didn 't have a license .
te	NN	The trio watched Shadow 's ritual in amazement , and then they shook their heads when he opened the door and stepped inside .
te	NNS	All of the adults exchanged glances before anyone spoke , making me uneasy in spite of Rigel 's hand covering mine .
te	NN	The colorful girl set her animosity aside for a moment and smiled , an action that simultaneously stirred all of her piercings .
te	NNS	And behind me , Icarus launched creative curses after my retreating form .
te	NNS	This depression had earned me about five pounds of guilt .
te	NN	I pulled up my T-shirt and inclined partially on my side to show Eric the scar , and he looked impressed .
te	NN	A surprising jolt of anger and jealousy twisted his gut .
te	NN	Still , I keep this journal .
te	NN	She didn 't really care , she just needed the distraction .
te	NN	I must 've bruised your ego a lot more than I gave myself credit for . "
te	NN	" Grateful , " he said , a glint of fierceness in his eyes .
te	NN	" It is what it is , " I said haughtily and the grip on my broom tightened .
te	NNS	They hid the tools in Adam 's cellar .
te	NN	So , they ' accidentally ' ran their historical database through the police computers , and got a positive !
te	NNS	Veronica waived aside Elissa 's concerns .
te	NNS	He tucked his wings at his sides as he looked around .
te	NN	Her fingerless gloves made a nice fashion statement , but she was beginning to wish they were more practical than cute .
te	NNS	You know , holidays and all . "
te	NNS	She rubbed her fingertips together , still feeling that sizzle on her skin and told herself the next few months were going to be very interesting .
te	NN	The lieutenant 's footsteps echoed down the alleyway .
te	NN	With the other , she tore the coin and chain from her throat , and cast them into Gaius 's face .
te	NNS	Most marshals ' offices served small communities of about 1600 people .
te	NNS	Keep up appearances . "
te	NNS	Her chest aching with it , she slid her fingertips along his hard jaw , wincing as she touched the reddened scar she 'd put there .
te	NN	Previously Stacy had heard this passage interpreted as referring to the moment of crucifixion .
te	NN	" Why don 't you go on in and cut your old Aunt Ivy a slice a pie ?
te	NNS	We Americans see events from our side .
te	NNS	A hint of a smile lifted the corners of his mouth .
te	NNS	He 'd heard vague rumors , but nothing detailed .
te	NN	" And until you reach your majority , who manages your money ?
te	NN	She inhaled a sob , her chest heaving .
te	NNS	He wore dark blue scrubs with a pair of glasses hanging around his neck and a surprised look on his face .
te	NNS	In the distance huge burning pillars of fire are rising many kilometers into the sky .
te	NN	Louise put her voice recorder on the desk and formally introduced herself and the warden who was sitting in with her .
te	NN	Silence met this statement , followed by , " You 're kidding , right ?
te	NN	I shrug and dip a chip into salsa .
te	NNS	Even when I 'm outside on break I 'm usually collecting carts , picking up trash , talking to customers .
te	NNS	" Can you take the controls ? "
te	NN	Dylan had spared no expense , and it showed .
te	NNS	Just like Eric , they still had bandages on their palms , and bruises and burns on their faces , which they had received in the fire .
te	NNS	You people , probably have mysterious secrets , as well .
te	NNS	They 'll be selecting candidates and the campaigning will begin .
te	NNS	Had the sentry seen Wolf Eyes ?
te	NNS	" I 've given up relationships I should have held onto .
te	NN	He overheard an officer mumble , " What a waste . "
te	NNS	You know , refugees who were transported by the Germans . "
te	NNS	A darkness that touches us all .
te	NNS	The tips of his lashes nearly touch his cheekbones .
te	NN	As all the eyes fixed on her , her voice turned meek .
te	NN	I hadn 't felt the impact of Wraith 's touch before .
te	NN	CUT TO : - Trisha is holding the object .
te	NNS	" Run your tests again .
te	NNS	Paul stared open mouthed at her for a moment , ' No , I don 't believe it !
te	NN	Then along the coastline to France ; and we shall hope they do not shoot us down without a word . "
te	NNS	Clarice Hope poured out the recent events ending with , " My husband has been murdered . "
te	NN	Cuban government transferred all state property and unoccupied land to the people .
te	NNS	In their turn the sun 's rays clothed the mountains in different colours and shades .
te	NN	And that whirled a mix of excitement and all-out fear inside her .
te	NNS	An early afternoon breeze pushed a few dark locks of hair across her face .
te	NNS	I 'll be ringing the social services in the morning -- after you 've gone . "
te	NNS	Felix , once satisfied that all the statues had been returned , accused all the previous owners of theft .
te	NN	Dave turned down an alley packed with garbage cans .
te	NNS	And that includes the teachers !
te	NNS	He had extended his harsh sexual games to the limits of human biology , the ship 's medical drones invoked and ready in the room .
te	NN	" You mean my jumper ?
te	NN	Still , I would bet my left nut it was her voice calling out my name .
te	NNS	† † † " What is next for you ? "
te	NNS	Lots of life means lots of magic for you . "
te	NNS	The fringed hem of her skirt grazed her ankles as she took a seat on a bar stool at the nook .
te	NN	Alexia consulted the instruction sheet .
te	NNS	Thankfully , since I had taken the long drive from DC to Windsor instead of flying for obvious reasons , I had also brought some toys .
te	NNS	Then Grubbs blows on them the way he 'd blow on a feather .
te	NN	He had mean muscle , the kind that looked beefy and aggressive .
te	NNS	Mom looked up at me , the corners of her mouth turning down .
te	NN	I take quick inventory of the attendees and can 't count any other women .
te	NN	Besides , I am not talking about cutthroat competition .
te	NN	Even as we approach its banks I cannot see the distant shore .
te	NN	" Thank you , Your Majesty . "
te	NNS	The minute I start working out , I won 't weigh 110 pounds anymore .
te	NNS	I knew all the flaws in his illusions .
te	NN	Maxim hadn 't seen any such bill since he 'd been in office .
te	NNS	Should I expect all my personal belongings to be locked in here ? "
te	NN	Chapter 22 Dagmar fol owed the captain of the guards to the barracks .
te	NNS	With gratitude and love , I spread eager kisses over his cheeks and lips .
te	NN	They stroke only the smallest square of my back , but the tremor runs the full length of my spine .
te	NN	But I glanced over his torso anyway , just to survey the damage .
te	NN	Katherine asked her mum as Gareth stood to begin his speech .
te	NNS	I set down our bags and went over to the woodstove to build a fire .
te	NNS	She had shoulder pads , actual shoulder pads .
te	NNS	She had violated all his possessions -- why wasn 't he feeling the familiar ire ?
te	NN	Gregorio ripped my cloak away .
te	NN	Albert climbed the forward companionway .
te	NNS	" I won 't pick up tools . "
te	NN	He saw her lip wobble .
te	NN	The men finished the bread .
te	NN	" I know , it 's about identity and autonomy , blah blah . "
te	NN	Ben created the perfect access for a persnickety king .
te	NN	I gave him my ticket .
te	NN	She picked up the belt of ammunition .
te	NN	Quick as a flash , Dr , Little placed a pan under her chin , and she vomited .
te	NNS	The old smokehouse contained a communications and security center .
te	NNS	That would explain her ridiculous boobs .
te	NN	I remembered the chicken recipe I planned on making , carefully going through each item before going over it again .
te	NNS	A bush had sprouted several twigs with rows of blunt , closely set thorns just when she needed them .
te	NNS	She patted the charts she 'd finished with .
te	NN	He took a swig .
te	NN	But I need cash to get there . "
te	NN	I can hear the soothing syllables bounce back and forth from one side of the metallic frame and to the other and back again .
te	NNS	He strummed out the three chords on the guitar and sang along in his head .
te	NN	I 've already cooked supper so I walk into the kitchen and get our plates .
te	NNS	His hand found her silky hair again , his fingers gently rubbing the strands together before his palm curved around the nape of her neck .
te	NNS	But she had responsibilities to her clients , Logan MacKenzie among them .
te	NNS	As they fed on evil , they would have sent their minions to do the most damage possible . "
te	NN	I have no clue what to expect next .
te	NNS	He also checked their feed bins and hay racks and noted that the horses had been eating regularly .
te	NNS	Tucker set up the trip flares while Gator posted warning signs of sinkholes near the shore .
te	NNS	We have your sizes .
te	NN	If I had access to any .
te	NN	Not to need cash ?
te	NNS	They all wore grim expressions , ready to jump on me the instant they thought I looked like I was starting to get out of line .
te	NN	He spotted a column of black smoke in the distance , rising up from beyond a slight incline .
te	NNS	You cannot see the seven colors of rainbow through other 's eyes .
te	NNS	A frantic bubbling filled the speakers .
te	NN	She desperately needed a protector .
te	NN	" I want a pastrami sandwich .
te	NNS	Do you have any past or current releases ?
te	NN	I vaguely heard some commotion behind us , and it sounded like I was buried deep below the earth , hearing things going on above the surface .
te	NNS	His parents wanted more grandchildren and he was certainly willing to do his part .
te	NN	Chapter 4 I made my way downtown the following Wednesday , after a hasty early dinner .
te	NN	You can combine your loves . "
te	NNS	Someone gave me season tickets to the Boston Celtics .
te	NNS	She tested her shackles again , to no avail .
te	NN	My breath makes a white cloud in the crisp air .
te	NN	To what do I owe the honor of this visit , your Grace ? '
te	NNS	She knew the stakes .
te	NN	Never swallow a swallow .
te	NN	No more drama , " I instructed , and we headed back into the ballroom .
te	NN	Maybe I should take up smoking .
te	NNS	The professor , this tiny Eastern European guy with a penchant for stroking his little blond chin beard , rolled up his sleeves .
te	NN	Before allowing Betty to try and enter , Jeremy lit a torch and peered into the opening .
te	NNS	" Do these kinds of things ever ? "
te	NNS	You do have some bungee cords in the closet ... .
te	NNS	She 's wearing her scrubs for work and a scowl that 's probably half the size of Seldon .
te	NNS	We can have glimpses of the divine , but to live with such knowledge every moment takes holy men or mad men , or both .
te	NNS	Maybe he 'll finally get the guts to come over .
te	NNS	We said our goodbyes .
te	NNS	The drawers contained files on visits Hendricks had made , and future schedules .
te	NN	He wrenched a grenade off her utility belt , ripped out the pin , and tossed it into the forest .
te	NNS	The driver handed Dean two suitcases made of fine leather and a briefcase .
te	NN	I needed gas and filled the tank ; inside , I bought a bottle of water .
te	NN	Her cousin , Edwina , was always pushing the envelope when it came to societal rules and Tessa knew she would help her .
te	NNS	" You like the drums ? "
te	NNS	Some lifted heavy weights .
te	NNS	We have various tools with us .
te	NNS	The temperature had dropped twenty degrees since we first entered the theater .
te	NNS	We ate our burgers in silence , no more competitive sexual groaning going on , but I sensed her watching me the whole time .
te	NNS	They climbed the steep hills to stand over the sea and breathe the swirling air that caressed their faces .
te	NNS	Nate tore off his three tickets and handed them over .
te	NN	Even knowing it was more than a desire to break her spirit - knowing he was intrigued by her - he continued his pursuit .
te	NN	Again , Anna felt a twinge of envy .
te	NN	He let out a loud sob .
te	NNS	" How many outfits are you packing ? "
te	NN	Ethan set the paperback aside and cut the lamp .
te	NN	Why would killing Laurent break the treaty ? "
te	NN	When the game ended , Mike laid down his control paddle .
te	NN	She would touch her lower lip thoughtfully before pushing the keys , in what seemed a parody of human behavior .
te	NN	The man on a bar stool next to Gia lit a cigar and she coughed .
te	NNS	" Maybe you found out some secrets you shouldn 't have and someone powerful is trying to , you know ... bump you off .
te	NN	I placed his coffee mug in the sink and headed toward the door .
te	NN	Shifters have human DNA , just as witches do .
te	NNS	" Lacey , " he said , " I used Claire 's services for the interior design of our new home .
te	NN	I absently handed the ticket to the valet and waited for Nick 's car to drive up .
te	NN	Double the indulgences should cut your service in half , if you play your cards right . "
te	NNS	William had been making such comments all the way from Holden .
te	NN	Emily shut her locker and gave the combination a spin .
te	NN	Forty-five minutes later , he had traced the hacker to the Grand Cayman .
te	NNS	She didn 't have handcuffs like me , but snug iron bracelets hugged each wrist , each with a tiny lock .
te	NNS	They use cat 's - paws .
te	NNS	" That house has nine bedrooms .
te	NN	I caught a sob in the back of my throat .
te	NN	" When did you start cooking ? "
te	NNS	We bought tickets and headed into the Aquarium of the Americas .
te	NN	The bullet had skinned some meat off my skull , but that was the extent of it as far as I could tell .
te	NNS	If the dragons can be lured there , we can shoot boulders at the beasts and knock them out good .
te	NNS	Chris pulled the gloves from his back pocket and admired them one last time .
te	NNS	She dabbed the corners of her mouth and stole a look at Stellan .
te	NN	A pony tail holder so far has done the trick , but this night needs to be special .
te	NNS	She wore bloody scrubs , as if she came from a horribly botched surgery .
te	NN	I put the volume on the call up so Casino could join in .
te	NNS	Our kiss grew more frenzied with each revelation that passed through my mind .
te	NN	She gave me her address and asked if I could come in a half hour .
te	NN	Fellows closed the notebook and set it on the tea table next to the sofa .
te	NN	I grabbed my copy of Hamlet and headed out to the backyard .
te	NN	We caught whiff of a siren swimming nearby the other day , which is why we came prepared .
te	NNS	He drums his fingertips on the table .
te	NN	He scanned every alley and every street .
te	NNS	Dagmar didn 't mention " concerns " unless she was terribly worried .
te	NNS	Blake took out his binoculars and after a moment said he saw no movement inside .
te	NNS	I can make the necessary introductions , as well as provide information that would take her months to discover . "
te	NN	I understand our family 's greed and lust for power .
te	NN	Besides , I 'm rethinking our strategy ... " Nicolas said after some thought .
te	NNS	Surely she could recognize the footprints of that many men .
te	NN	We couldn 't see the sniper and that left Marky with few options .
te	NN	They took a sample to analyse and then took statements from all of us .
te	NN	I stuff the journal into my back pocket and don the leather jacket , then pause to take a deep breath .
te	NN	Taking that journey with her .
te	NN	The three men examined the seam , and nodded their heads in mute agreement .
te	NN	He was also holding a boomerang , and it wasn 't one of those toy ones that came back .
te	NN	She then pulled the sharp object along the material , slicing it in half and spreading the sides open to reveal his chest and the worrying gash .
te	NNS	Sweat glistened on the hard ridges of his abdomen and heat burnished his cheekbones .
te	NNS	We contacted the investors directly and they told us Kurt was supposed to be making that payment . "
te	NN	I feel a flicker of excitement inside me , but I hold back .
te	NN	They were nearing their destination .
te	NN	She threw her wet clothing aside .
te	NN	The world rushed by , a blur of color and sound , but in the center of it all , they were together .
te	NNS	His long hair dripped larger beads that ran down to soak into his bandages .
te	NNS	I saw their faces , I studied their expressions and tried to discern what might be lurking underneath .
te	NN	As he watched he felt a puff of wind on the back of his neck .
te	NN	Given the circumstances , that German sniper would have easily pulled the trigger if I was out in the open .
te	NN	Grace exchanged a stunned , disbelieving gape with Selena .
te	NN	Once I was finished brushing , I rinsed off my toothbrush and put it away .
te	NNS	But what simultaneously broke my heart and filled me with feral purpose was seeing the crimson streaks on Marty 's cheeks .
te	NNS	You have no other options , Luna .
te	NNS	I have a few files in the archives that might be useful to the case .
te	NNS	Alex and Cece folded out their wings slowly .
te	NNS	" In three seconds we will lose direct communications and go to satellite feed .
te	NNS	" You 're recommending addiction and life-threatening dance moves for my well-being ? "
te	NNS	* * * " Now that we 're all here , why don 't we go over the introductions ? "
te	NN	Maybe press conference and public appeal , the whole shebang .
te	NN	" You 'll need backup . "
te	NNS	And ... oh my God ... ' She gripped the sheets of paper tightly in her hand .
te	NNS	He will slowly grind your bones into dust and paint the walls with your blood .
te	NN	Claire put a load of mockery into her Michael impression .
te	NNS	That effectively stops your gills from working and emitting bubbles .
te	NN	She pulled a torch from her pouch and attached a cone .
te	NNS	They ended up crammed into a booth with three other girls and a guy who were introduced amid a flurry of babble .
te	NNS	You 've been making all the decisions , and my ideas count for nothing ! "
te	NN	You just handed me half the library ! "
te	NN	She began to tremble , every instinct she had screaming at her to go to him , but Frank held her still .
te	NN	Bryce took a puff of his cigar .
te	NNS	Also a pilot , he wore the patches of Lujan 's old interceptor squadron and an atypically grim expression .
te	NN	He read the lack of success in their defeated expressions .
te	NNS	It left ash and black bones raining down behind it .
te	NN	" And what causes this lack in you .
te	NNS	I don 't know many people anyways , remember ?
te	NN	Eat your sandwich . "
te	NN	That she 'd understand the killer better ?
te	NNS	He already had the tendencies .
te	NN	Claire reared back , her black bob swinging .
te	NNS	Bugs grabbed his belongings and stood .
te	NN	" The honeymoon suite only had a gigantic four-poster . "
te	NN	He paid off the taxi and went through the door on the left that leads into the Ritz bar .
te	NN	Deep in my brain , the name rings a bell .
te	NN	Few hours later , Nina 's army activated the cloaking device and hopped toward the hill where the snipers were hiding .
te	NNS	I cut my potatoes , not answering him .
te	NN	Lesley gave me a tissue .
te	NN	She freed the dog 's collar .
te	NNS	He hadn 't entered her quarters but was still standing just outside the open door .
te	NNS	He 'd already covered two sheets with these numbers , and as Eleanor watched , Ian finished a third paper and started a fourth .
te	NNS	" I 'll give you two nights instead of one , plus the two kisses I owe you . "
te	NN	" You pulled a trigger . "
te	NNS	Pulled her sleeves over her hands .
te	NN	" Therefore , we will do some healing .
te	NN	He held a pregnant woman hostage , for crying out loud . "
te	NN	" What generation do they think we 're designing for ? "
te	NNS	They must have enough votes .
te	NN	I strapped Vic and his scabbard to my waist , then zipped my purple hoodie back up .
te	NN	She didn 't take the weather as an omen or a portent of bad luck .
te	NNS	Everywhere , the soldiers had drawn their swords and lowered their muskets .
te	NN	If I were the traitor , I 'd already have somebody to help me bypass the phantom .
te	NN	She no longer emitted that mysterious whistle .
te	NNS	Both Liv and I pulled out our phones and snapped a few pics .
te	NNS	" My pleasure , " he said genuinely .
te	NN	It should have a strong enough imprint of him for us to track him with it . "
te	NN	Neil picked up the knitting and held it out towards Dolores , " I did this ? "
te	NNS	In a while they gave off curling wisps of smoke that drifted gently in the direction of the groan , which rose again .
te	NN	You 'll get a certificate .
te	NN	So I tried a slightly different approach .
te	NN	She handed him the flask .
te	NN	I 'll bring the trophy back for you . "
te	NN	Kelly hugged Mike 's aunt , and they went back into the den .
te	NN	He had a gash across his left cheek .
te	NNS	At least that thought reminded her she had bigger worries than an unplanned pregnancy .
te	NNS	" We 've got open graves and missing bodies . "
te	NNS	He 'd lost eighteen pounds in the last twelve weeks , and in the mirror he could see that his cheeks had hollowed out .
te	NN	His own books would give him no guidance .
te	NNS	It can 't have the same results with different numbers . "
te	NN	Then he saw the oversize first aid kit and , knowing that before the day was over it was likely to come in handy , grabbed that .
te	NN	But it has never conceded the struggle . "
te	NNS	Julian gathered the bags before following her into the house .
te	NN	But Tuck didn 't understand the thrill of knocking other guys down .
te	NN	6 Sitting down in the meeting room created an uneasiness all its own in Kellen 's mind .
te	NNS	I ain 't got the chops for spell craft .
te	NNS	Valerian cut the cords from his wrists and ankles , and pulled his to his feet .
te	NNS	" Break some bones and get some answers .
te	NNS	He was lying motionless where he had landed in her dream , with his head on .
te	NNS	" In fact , Sean and I hired photographers to take photos of this street at different angles and at different times of the year .
te	NNS	" You can 't face Cronus .
te	NNS	He leaned up against the mouth of the tunnel and peered out , he saw no ground vehicles or tracks so he looked up .
te	NNS	Come on , let 's get our seats . "
te	NNS	* * I had just about reached our quarters when I noticed light coming from Collins ' tent .
te	NN	" Lori talks a lot , " he said , a frown on his face .
te	NNS	They 'd join other dog owners on the way .
te	NN	The footsteps were coming down a wooden ladder at the bow end of the prison deck and he was wrong about there being just one person .
te	NN	Ian prayed over the grave and then led them all away .
te	NNS	I could make spaghetti , and I could make pecan pie .
te	NN	She handed Nina the other walkie-talkie .
te	NNS	She sensed painful depths in her and wished she could offer comfort .
te	NN	The empty window stood ajar , looking down onto the street below .
te	NNS	You couldn 't survive a fuss on the sidewalk .
te	NNS	Tell your fellow thugs that the new owners are here .
te	NNS	" I 've fought so many Weapons , so I know what they are capable off .
te	NNS	We walked down the three flights of stairs unnoticed , like ghosts .
te	NN	However , since the partnership was also a marriage , you inherit Matthew 's portion of the profits .
te	NNS	" Thank the Gods !
te	NN	The preacher showed the coin .
te	NNS	I just broke a few bones a while ago and it gets that way sometimes . "
te	NN	She slips the spatula under a pancake and flips it over .
te	NNS	Then came the rumors that Joseph and Lillian were trying alternate , and very questionable methods to conceive .
te	NN	His throat had turned a slight tinge of blue in just the past month .
te	NNS	I felt my eyelids being pulled back , one after the other , the blurry whiteness temporarily growing brighter .
te	NNS	" I 've got lots of ideas on how to decorate the place . "
te	NN	He felt the curve of her mouth against his cock .
te	NN	He had seen the news coverage from dozens of outlets .
te	NNS	Lots of women have self-destructive tendencies .
te	NN	It has a bigger tub than in my room . "
te	NNS	You 're right , he was playing mind games . "
te	NNS	" Notice any footprints around the body ? "
te	NN	Kevin was usually expressing his sarcasm when the subject or conditions were perhaps not completely tragic , but not hilarious either .
te	NNS	I 'd heard rumors , of course .
te	NN	On an impulse , I took a journal from the box and decided to take it home with me .
te	NNS	Marcus liked the warm colors .
te	NNS	After Hilda said that , the group left their seats and headed to the locker rooms .
te	NN	When he advanced her , she countered the approach perfectly , without even thinking .
te	NN	Jules handed her a tissue to help stop the tears running down her face .
te	NN	The moon rises , the children 's bodies contract and contort , but at least tonight their conversion to wolf is faster .
te	NN	He scooped up the dirty bedding and towels and tossed them in the upstairs washing machine .
te	NN	He would have approved the maintenance in the blink of an eye !
te	NNS	I hate farmers . "
te	NNS	I totally play favorites . "
te	NNS	Like Madrigal , Chiro had bat wings ; unlike her , she was of creature aspect , with the head of a jackal .
te	NNS	They had lost three ancients in that fight .
te	NN	" She also needs some makeup for those bags under her eyes and a pedicure if she 's going to wear flip-flops . "
te	NN	I had the killer instinct .
te	NN	Paul turned down the third parking aisle past families , baby strollers , and a bagger pushing a long line of grocery carts .
te	NN	" Do you mean the government ?
te	NNS	The ship only needs minor repairs . '
te	NNS	Well , she would still thank the Gods for sending him her way .
te	NNS	She did not comfort , soothe or console my worries .
te	NNS	My heart beats loud thuds that join the high cricket strings .
te	NN	Had the pawnbroker been expecting Copper to act ?
te	NNS	The jurors took their seats , already a bit tired it seemed and resigned to another long week of testimony .
te	NN	Get whatever cash you need from Farley . "
te	NNS	You must have tests , to progress .
te	NNS	I will leave the chop shop accounts running though .
te	NN	Oh , my heavens , you like our chubby drug dealer here .
te	NNS	My baba will hire the best lawyers .
te	NN	I hear the scrape of a metal door in the frame behind me seconds before a pair of hands grasps me and propels me across the threshold .
te	NN	" I 'm only taking these cos they are cute . "
te	NNS	If spades were the cards to beat , what beat spades ?
te	NN	Tall arched windows , cut into the cliff face lit the library throughout the day .
te	NNS	As for Amber , she pieced together her initial impressions of Todd .
te	NNS	He had heard the rumors .
te	NN	They were expanding the region and started conquering the island .
te	NN	I should make a career out of it .
te	NN	I pushed the canoe into a more solid piece of shore , then swung the back around and stepped out .
te	NN	Finally they removed the sack and untied him .
te	NN	In the past he 'd always worked each day from the moment he left his hotel suite at dawn until he fell into bed around midnight .
te	NNS	He had not drawn his twin swords but he was controlling the inferno gargoyle .
te	NNS	" Take that , bitches .
te	NNS	She prepared sole stuffed with crabmeat and sauteed vegetables , accompanied by a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc .
te	NN	She was observing the small drama but had made no effort to intervene .
te	NNS	" So my body breaks down my bones to fix my brain , so I can keep jumping .
te	NN	I was pacing the walkway , waiting for Vee , when my cell phone chirped .
te	NN	The girl looked a little crestfallen and wrapped her thin fingers around the piece of wood .
te	NN	' Gives 'em a big jolt ! '
te	NN	I raise my bow : Good-bye , Sebastian Drake .
te	NN	I 'm secretly planning an investigation with Melinda tonight .
te	NN	The woman offered no further explanation of her plight and they didn 't ask for one .
te	NNS	Forty-five seconds later , he put down the hammers .
te	NN	He twisted the ember , and my skin smoked .
te	NNS	Lauren hadn 't told the buyers about the fire , hoping the repair would be under control by closing on December first .
te	NNS	Of course , pastors have high divorce rates . "
te	NNS	I resisted Robert 's many invitations to visit his family because , well you know -- there but for the grace of God and all that .
te	NNS	Although his tone is calming , I detect the traces of anxiety in his voice .
te	NN	Mitch watched the shrimp intently until there was a little pile of about six freshly peeled .
te	NNS	And they 'd left lots of old bones and junk lying around .
te	NN	Placing each boot with great care , they scaled the slope to the ridgeline .
te	NNS	Miguel was at the porch inspecting the unopened gallons and the other brushes .
te	NN	She handed me a tissue from her pocket and I gratefully wiped my face with it .
te	NNS	And yet after a moment it didn 't matter ; nothing mattered -- not survival or reputation or money -- nothing except the intensity of the fire .
te	NN	Unlike Mark , Maxim didn 't use flattery .
te	NNS	I was responsible for five unsolved murders in two countries even though no proof , no cause of death or motive .
te	NNS	But I 'm doing some rounds and thought I 'd let you walk with me . "
te	NN	Once the church was packed , every seat taken , Father Jonas started the ceremony .
te	NNS	My feet had grown roots into the thick carpet .
te	NN	But we can 't go and rescue our parents unarmed .
te	NN	Something was always conveniently delaying his departure .
te	NNS	" I mean both our birthdays .
te	NNS	I was putting the finishing touches on my dress when Nick came out of the shower .
te	NN	Tristan pulled the manual lever to close the cargo hatch .
te	NN	I found her pawing against your bedroom door . "
te	NN	For that matter , how could Mario kill his own grandson ?
te	NNS	I 've demolished older , grander homes .
te	NNS	My father on each day would arrive with the name of a few engineering colleges and courses that were popular .
te	NN	A few minutes later , Parsons spotted a green control lever just beyond the far end of the door .
te	NNS	Lord Goring had ordered 2 companies of musketeers , ( the nearest companies to the ford ) to march towards the ford .
te	NNS	Your creatures are , as I had suspected , the foulest creatures I have ever seen .
te	NN	There was , however , a new obstacle to overcome .
te	NNS	Bones received two more deep swipes before he could secure a blade and attack back .
te	NN	We achieved that honor together .
te	NN	Nurse Potter zipped the tent behind me as I entered , then directed me to a small bench .
te	NNS	Claire ripped the headphones out of her ears and gasped .
te	NNS	She wore these little lace panties and a matching white camisole .
te	NNS	Snow covered the distant mountains and dusted the leaves of the trees .
te	NN	How they did it , we have no clue .
te	NNS	But the merchants have lost half their goods , either stolen or destroyed , and three of their horses .
te	NN	" They sent the crazy bastard to Winter Cove hospital .
te	NNS	He inspected the grounds , the brick , but decided he couldn 't hope for much as the building would have been restored after so many years .
te	NNS	He can 't match your resources . "
te	NNS	" Ryo , thank the Gods you are unharmed .
te	NNS	He listened vaguely , still drinking in those flickering visions of little Danika .
te	NN	He lifted the syringe , pushing a bead to the tip of the needle .
te	NN	So far I tore up Godzilla 's project , got him in trouble with the teacher and the principal .
te	NNS	She expressed no qualms about the hit .
te	NNS	Then he collected both guns , staggered out of the house and started running for his van .
te	NNS	We have lots to do tonight after all .
te	NN	She couldn 't hear any more pursuit .
te	NNS	Raiding the castles ? "
te	NNS	Kill all our enemies without trial ?
te	NN	She beat her breast in time , so full of savage grace , so at odds with the black gown and veil she wore .
te	NN	If Morley can make a claim , he can register the hunt .
te	NN	I have a ton of things to do . "
te	NN	She got her boob honked over the summer . "
te	NNS	His wife , Betty , makes us Christmas cookies every year .
te	NN	Your mother has a policy she took out several years ago on herself with a payout amount of $ 15,000 .
te	NNS	Tomorrow we should get the results of the DNA , and then we 'll know where we 're going with all this . "
te	NN	Pigeon followed the driveway to the elegant front door .
te	NNS	Beneath his hands and forearms , Aaron could feel Caitlin 's wings , delicate yet tough .
te	NNS	" I 'll hand it to him myself , your highness . "
te	NN	She sent the axe at Lilith aiming for her head .
te	NN	She slowed her normal gait to match his leisurely pace and small strides .
te	NNS	Meanwhile , my other friends kept their backs to the walls and their guns trained on the crowd .
te	NN	Did he need reassurance ?
te	NNS	When a car comes , she can hear it a long way off , the tires on the pavement making the sound of a pot boiling .
te	NNS	" Mr Lee may have his faults but he beat me fair and square . "
te	NNS	He collected rumors from the colonists who claimed to have found evidence of previous settlements , homesteads of non-Indians , as evidenced by the sophisticated building techniques .
te	NN	Because Shifters were only allowed to carry " dumb " phones , he didn 't have a fancy ringtone to tell him who was calling .
te	NNS	He kept the records , and the records always favored him .
te	NNS	The women removed the guns from the life jackets .
te	NN	" Did you make any progress ? "
te	NN	Of course it didn 't take a genius to work out what the F stood for .
te	NN	She took the flyer , crumpling it in her hand .
te	NN	I know a time traveler ! '
te	NN	I caught a slight blaze in his eye as his brows swooped down .
te	NNS	" Because they had wings . "
te	NNS	" But you still have two seals .
te	NN	' Just you wait and see sunshine ' .
te	NNS	I exhaled loudly and slumped my head into my hands .
te	NN	Thanking her , the maid bobbed a curtsy , then exited the room , leaving Anthony alone .
te	NN	Putting on his game face , he assumed the exaggerated crouch of a baseball player , readying for the next catch in the infield .
te	NNS	I ignored all their stunned expressions .
te	NNS	Dad had packed his bags , stood in the doorway , and said good-bye without looking me in the eye .
te	NN	He removed the cigar from his teeth , shivered and blew a stream of smoke and vapor through pursed lips .
te	NN	They must have found her field kit .
te	NN	Everywhere he looked , he saw heartbreak and courage .
te	NNS	The cubs stand motionless , watching intently .
te	NNS	And what had the checks he 'd written her been for ?
te	NNS	You shouldn 't have secrets .
te	NNS	" Or should we just get our tickets ? "
te	NN	He switched his tail with something halfway between irritation and unease .
te	NNS	She could roam the grounds , but if she left the gates of the estate , there were very strict guidelines .
te	NNS	I don 't need death threats and creepy guys trying to hurt me . "
te	NN	Dore addressed the assembly .
te	NNS	Later , Gino guided guests by a whole wall of photographs documenting before and after and all the stages in between .
te	NN	It showed a jagged symbol - a flower made from swords - surrounded by words of an ancient language .
te	NN	" Did you have a nice stroll ? "
te	NN	Rich , red velvet furniture adorned the lobby .
te	NNS	Jim and Jack ignored the ruckus as they looked at the drawing behind the painting .
te	NNS	Grab Anderson 's ankles .
te	NN	And ahead where the beach curved to the left , I saw another old graceful dwelling nestled into the cliffs .
te	NN	He stood and removed his cloak , folding it neatly over one of the armrests of his throne .
te	NN	If you 're reading this without having paid for it , please go buy a copy .
te	NN	I take that commitment very seriously . "
te	NNS	All around them were rippling flanks of mysterious green forests , a rolling dark sea from above .
te	NNS	He would miss those nights of hearing Grace 's voice .
te	NN	I see a sewing kit on the dresser .
te	NNS	Aidan kept shooting glances in my direction , his expression increasingly grim .
te	NN	I also handled Corky 's New York townhouse and her place in Key West .
te	NN	" He 's got a very poor grasp on reality at the best of times .
te	NNS	In the days after his loss , Gene tended his wounds and made his plans for future victory .
te	NNS	Why don 't you press charges ?
te	NN	Secure in his reception , he didn 't beat around the bush .
te	NNS	That opened up new and horrible possibilities for me .
te	NNS	His rage having left him for the moment , Ganondorf considers his options as the boy in the hood slowly climbs back to his feet .
te	NN	Look , I 've never seen a ghost before , never even had a presentiment or a psychic dream . "
te	NN	I noticed my grandfather , Lydia , and Evan standing behind her .
te	NNS	The recipe guaranteed a sleepless night .
te	NN	He had a strange accent , possibly southern .
te	NNS	" A little boy needs his toys .
te	NNS	' You don 't need any lessons .
te	NNS	Commitments like boulders that were too heavy to carry .
te	NNS	She must be freaking delirious .
te	NNS	I 'm still running tests , but it seems like whatever it was just didn 't work .
te	NN	And she now had a facility to hold a small supernatural army .
te	NN	She accepted his statement as if it were music to her ears .
te	NN	Christopher grabbed an apple from the fruit basket on the counter and headed for his office .
te	NNS	" My king , some magic has healed his wounds , but he is still very ill .
te	NNS	" I 'm holding dance call backs next week and I 'm going to call her back . "
te	NN	He likes his routine . "
te	NN	I grabbed some tissue , wet it and wiped her face .
te	NN	Why did I expect mercy when I was on the other side of the barrel , and yet when I held it I gave nothing ?
te	NN	I 've already filed the paperwork .
te	NNS	Armed police forces in green uniforms and jackboots carried machine guns over their shoulder .
te	NN	He felt braver when he spoke aloud .
te	NN	So far nothing had stopped the fog ; not even lines of torches set out as a barrier .
te	NNS	As I backed away , he whispered , " Go get the handcuffs . "
te	NNS	He left extravagant gifts .
te	NN	I feel my eyebrow arch and I know it 's probably halfway up my forehead .
te	NNS	Alice knew firsthand its effects , because the Caterpillar had tested it on her .
te	NNS	I dropped two slices of bread in the toaster , then heated up the pan and cracked three eggs into the hot pan .
te	NN	Lea landed a right punch on Luisa 's body .
te	NN	I like the second scenario , but it means there are two people involved in the killings and McKay didn 't suspect one of them .
te	NNS	" Anyway I haven 't been buying any properties lately , but I know someone who 's been busy doing it .
te	NN	Jason took the cue .
te	NN	The last box she opened had my old laptop where I had kept all my pictures and favorite short stories .
te	NNS	" I heard rumors that James 's purchase of the company wasn 't solely done on the up and up , so to speak .
te	NN	She took a swallow of her cold coffee and grimaced .
te	NNS	They suggested the very first scientific tests .
te	NNS	He planted wet kisses on the inside of my thighs , gently teasing the fabric .
te	NN	You have free rein to speak to all of your family .
te	NNS	I even hacked the school records .
te	NN	" We gave the dream potion to those who requested it .
te	NNS	Sean and Killian swatted aside any punches they threw while pummeling them into bloody wrecks .
te	NNS	' Yeah , we 've plastered posters all over Chingford . '
te	NN	Daphne looked down her arrow at the other girl .
te	NNS	And she would miss the perks that came with meeting and doing business for rich and famous people .
te	NNS	And they don 't arrange marriages so their blood is never tainted with anything but old boring aristocrats ? "
te	NNS	They didn 't keep files , per se , at the time .
te	NN	There stood little Gnat looking up at them , holding a small wire , which seemed odd .
te	NN	Elodie opened her canvas rucksack and peeled off a 50 Euro note from the bundle to pay .
te	NN	Maybe I could stave off his declaration of devotion .
te	NNS	Most would eventually find homes with museums , collectors , or private dealers .
te	NNS	Pregnancy notwithstanding , I had too many mates already and none of them had thought to pay attention to me for a very long time .
te	NN	He filled his travel coffee mug , took the opportunity to steal a kiss and then returned to his deliveries .
te	NN	Keeley Gann , a 28-year-old officer , was bringing up the rear of the squad .
te	NN	With a dusty shriek the demon vanished , the violence of its exit from this dimension splattering Alec with a fine rain of ash .
te	NN	My finger slowly eased down the rifle 's stock until it was resting on the trigger .
te	NN	Moving farther into the room , I sized up my competition .
te	NN	Radicals used guerrilla warfare against the Colombian government .
te	NNS	You 've got goods here for a store in the Territory .
te	NN	Only Lissa had known what toll this had taken on her first vampire mate .
te	NN	Printer nodded confirmation as though the decision had been his to make , or at all in doubt .
te	NN	Will picked up the mug and moved to sit beside her on the bed .
te	NN	The interface program only took a second to reply " Not well mistress .
te	NN	For the first time in a long time , Jason had absolutely no clue as to how to deal with this new problem ... Philip 's condition .
te	NN	" I 'll bring the receipt by in a moment . "
te	NN	Silently , we climbed the taxi and drove a few miles to our new home .
te	NN	" We 'll find somebody for you , Kya .
te	NN	Most women barely had a clue about the fundamentals of operating a vehicle .
te	NNS	He 's got some major responsibilities now .
te	NN	And he was digging her grave .
te	NNS	When the meeting was over , after more arguing , debate and planning , I raised my concerns as we walked back to the elevator platform .
te	NNS	He had his tentacles back , but as a tattoo so bright and life-like that a glance made them seem real .
te	NN	In the doorway I saw a silhouette of a man .
te	NNS	They drilled holes at intervals along the stairs to the second floor and found metal behind these walls , too .
te	NN	I drop the Wii control er on the floor and trot up the stairs to the study , where I stand in the doorway .
te	NN	" Call my agent . "
te	NN	Jo climbed into her car then waved goodbye with her good arm as Julie ran back into the store .
te	NNS	Chapter 38 The Island War The journalists gathered and broadcasted about the peace in Cassandra and an extermination of the creatures .
te	NNS	" I have all your records .
te	NNS	He trailed his fingertips up to her shoulders , then back down to where her lower back dipped in .
te	NN	Callie provided the foundation they both needed , somehow brought sense and order to their worlds .
te	NNS	" Quite gallant of her , don 't you agree ? "
te	NNS	" What do we tell the cops ?
te	NNS	" When we get close to the house , can you turn your headlights off ?
te	NN	The next morning she hired a detective agency to find the culprit .
te	NN	" The main floor has a variety of shops , catering to the hotel 's diverse clientele . "
te	NNS	" You should take lessons from her . "
te	NNS	From inside the hole I could hear hollow wailing .
te	NN	Charles grabbed Lola 's collar and led her into my office .
te	NNS	We said our goodbyes , and I walked back to where Clare stood in the kitchen .
te	NN	Annie herself maintained a vigilant stance while we looked at the three pups Terry still had .
te	NNS	In Spanish , Manuel screamed at his soldiers , " Get your guns !
te	NNS	Nor was she above kissing a few executive rear ends along the way to get what she wanted .
te	NNS	Sean obviously spent his summers shirtless in the sun .
te	NN	I watch the progress of the ship .
te	NNS	" Choices have consequences , Pres. That 's not my doing . "
te	NN	" I signed the contract this morning . "
te	NN	The last four of them clambered up the same stairway .
te	NN	It takes me a moment to remember Sarah 's friend from Paradise , the one Sam had a crush on when we took that hayride together .
te	NNS	As the soap removes the soot , his light touch heals my wounds and after a moment , I return to myself once more .
te	NN	But I heard some buzz about Morrow attending a European conference on environmental issues .
te	NNS	He accepted Charlie 's wishes for a nice trip without surprise .
te	NNS	" Take off your panties . "
te	NN	Ben topped the plywood with more plywood .
te	NN	So she got her private investigator 's license , got herself an office and placed some ads in newspapers and magazines .
te	NNS	" Even in humans , we can follow various physical characteristics .
te	NNS	Richard , I do not want statistics . "
te	NNS	Last I checked , neither the FBI nor CIA permitted their operatives to have long flowing locks .
te	NNS	The Librarians nearby all got dark expressions on their faces .
te	NN	He placed a fresh porcelain bowl and towels atop it .
te	NNS	Michelle had only seen fleeting glimpses of Sam Henderson this evening , rushing to and fro , but always with a smile on his face .
te	NNS	In most pro camps the quarterbacks handled their own stretching and warmups and had their own little routines while everyone else grunted it out .
te	NNS	He still held the scissors .
te	NN	Mack felt his approval , his support .
te	NN	Michael was wearing only a white T-shirt underneath .
te	NN	Remove your tunic and undershirt .
te	NNS	She protested loudly and yanked herself away .
te	NNS	" Did , you , like , see lions and shit ? "
te	NN	I finally reach the clearing and pause as once again the view takes my breath away .
te	NN	The words came out a mix of anger and relief .
te	NN	The closest chimera clips my heel and I go tumbling onto my stomach , rolling through the mud , covering my clothes and face .
te	NN	" And we have a history examination at third bell . "
te	NN	He would simply let her heal , then send her back to her people .
te	NNS	The boxes held shards of crystals across a rainbow of colors .
te	NN	Foucault had a long-standing partner but had valued anonymous sex in California 's " leather bars . "
te	NN	How drunk was she exactly , I have no clue .
te	NNS	She had been denied " gifts " ; she did not want to be denied this too .
te	NNS	We 'll go shopping Lizzie . "
te	NN	Most of the scorpions in the Overland just gave you a terrible sting , but some had poison toxic enough to kill a human .
te	NN	Panting , naked except for his shorts , Jon suddenly felt the chill of the dark room .
te	NN	He folded the cape over his arm .
te	NN	I had the research done because I wanted to discover if there was any chance you were right that the drug was coming from us .
te	NNS	He saw Zeus and quickly looked away before handing a computer panel to Metis .
te	NNS	Remote controlled guns on the roof .
te	NNS	With a steady hand and practiced eye , Barnes poured precise amounts from each vial into a larger bottle .
te	NN	He tossed the carton into the sink across the room and dropped his head back under the spray .
te	NN	" So we should just follow a big swarm of bugs ? "
te	NN	His eyes the only muscle that moved , the rest of his face covered behind the bandana and his hat pushed low over his face .
te	NNS	" I 'll sign the properties over to you one by one on a schedule .
te	NN	I could hear my own heartbeat .
te	NNS	After long seconds they heard the echoes of Mayor 's foot steps getting closer .
te	NN	" Probably the farmer looking for us . "
te	NNS	They make and enforce laws .
te	NN	said the voice of a man , he wore a full mask embodied with many crystals and jewels that reflected the light .
te	NNS	His slim fingers cupped the fragile petals with graceful caution and he leaned toward the flower as if to kiss it .
te	NNS	Maybe Rand could manage costs like these , but Mat certainly couldn 't .
te	NNS	She wouldn 't even take the quarters . "
te	NNS	' I also like injuries .
te	NN	She gathered her bowl and spoon and retreated to the kitchen , where she spent the next hour washing dishes .
te	NNS	The downed Osprey had been carrying marines .
te	NN	I don 't need the milk anymore to see magical creatures .
te	NNS	We 'll know everyone McAllister talks to , everyone he calls , even everyone he bends over for in the shower . "
te	NNS	A number of them held tools that could easily become weapons : shovels , hammers , kitchen knives , rolling pins .
te	NNS	Such a child from that pairing would definitely have wings and the ability to fly . "
te	NNS	I 've seen glimpses of him .
te	NN	" Then may God have mercy on him . "
te	NNS	Everyone drew their guns , and each group headed down the plank .
te	NN	Her eyes held a wisdom that I hadn 't seen before , and although they looked tired , they also weren 't ready to give up yet .
te	NN	They didn 't notice Lina 's approach until she was near upon them .
te	NNS	Andre was quickly back on his feet exchanging blows with his former pupil .
te	NNS	Josie touched the sheets that were so tightly tucked around Hannah .
te	NNS	I had laughed the worries off .
te	NNS	He normally didn 't read other people 's refrigerator lists , but the ' sky diving ' line caught his attention .
te	NN	" Full power engaging " replied the operator of energy .
te	NNS	I 've got some suitcases in the car .
te	NN	Just so we can pay our rent . "
te	NN	Behind them , an air force rocket launch facility loomed with a missile at least twenty stories high .
te	NN	She smiled and slammed her locker shut before traipsing off in the opposite direction , her boots thudding on the hall floor .
te	NNS	" For starters , it 's making threats , and I do have a warrant for your arrest .
te	NNS	He could already smell her homemade rolls .
te	NN	I had a vacation coming up , and I was looking forward to that .
te	NNS	Their shoes left footprints in the sand ; no matter how silent they were there was no hiding .
te	NNS	The elderly woman shut the dead woman 's eyelids and sobbed , covering her mouth to stifle the sounds with her bloodied hand .
te	NNS	" Why 's Daddy and Mama carrying bags ?
te	NNS	" Sometimes , " he said , " circumstances raise impossible decisions . "
te	NN	Attached to stakes , it completely enclosed the campsite , and when hooked to the transformer carried 10,000 volts of electrical current .
te	NNS	" Perhaps I should take over bussing tables and you can cook . "
te	NNS	She had notebooks and binders full of tear sheets that she 'd been collecting over the years .
te	NNS	I 'd take bets on it . "
te	NN	Brick shook his torso in an attempt to dislodge the offending footwear .
te	NN	Soon after the coffee pot came the toothpaste .
te	NNS	The human population not housed within the vampire residences was given quarters within The Catacombs , and it was to be my beloved 's home .
te	NN	Mona heaped the steaming rice on her plate .
te	NN	She didn 't doubt his commitment .
te	NNS	So you called emergency services . "
te	NNS	She 'd brought some Keebler chocolate chip cookies , and she put them on the little table between their chairs .
te	NN	One at a time they entered the tent and came out looking dazed but otherwise unhurt .
te	NN	She had mastered the art of not sounding concerned .
te	NNS	How would she make copies of the keys in the middle of the night on that tiny island ?
te	NN	Her mother had the grace to flush guiltily before snapping , " Your father and I are well known and respected in our community .
te	NN	" You already have my approval .
te	NN	Who ever it was said she was being held hostage and wanted me to help her . "
te	NNS	" I hope things work out for you and Rachel , " I said genuinely .
te	NNS	Bugs threw his belongings on one of the lumpy mattresses as Timmy dumped his on another .
te	NN	" I received a telegram from my brother in Rome .
te	NNS	Dawson stood and stretched out his muscles , then brushed the clumps of snow off his jeans .
te	NNS	" Try and distinguish their lengths .
te	NNS	She shook her head incredulous , but it quickly shifted into an eager nod .
te	NN	I shoved the clutch in , pushed the stick into neutral , and turned the key in the ignition .
te	NNS	" Grab your own damn fries . "
te	NN	She felt his fingers grazing up her leg .
te	NNS	They cannot mimic other creatures with the detail that many Eidolon can , and their command of human language is weak .
te	NN	He could practically feel the arrow aimed straight towards his chest .
te	NNS	" The shot to the head ... just like the senator , just like - " " Your parents , " he finished grimly .
te	NN	They wanted more luxury , so Dad tore down some of the old cabins and added the monster places .
te	NNS	Even as he was saying the words , lustful thoughts weighed down his eyelids and his voice dropped .
te	NNS	Despite Talbott 's efforts to be nice , I saw glimpses of the side of him that hated me .
te	NN	He had a notebook with him , and without asking , sat on the only chair , whilst McBride perched on the end of the bed .
te	NN	" Humph , just as I thought , you still don 't have a clue what you have done ... what we have truly lost .
te	NNS	Each person got newer vehicles to drive .
te	NNS	" I 've seen all the original files -- they 're not with them . "
te	NN	She places a bowl of potato soup before me .
te	NNS	She alone knew all his secrets .
te	NN	Sava 'll pay any ransom -- I know he will . "
te	NN	" You seem to be in a hurry , " he added , a flicker of amusement on his face .
te	NN	Oliver ordered the club sandwich .
te	NNS	" You have as many options as you give yourself . "
te	NN	The police captain interposed his bulk between the adversaries .
te	NNS	" Sleeping pills ? "
te	NNS	Sooner or later , we 'd always see paw prints .
te	NNS	You and Albert watch each other 's backs .
te	NN	I set the mug on the table and started to get up .
te	NNS	" A powerful woman never reveals her secrets . "
te	NNS	In your case , you don 't value the traits in yourself that inspire admiration in others .
te	NNS	On the issue of employment , I have two choices .
te	NNS	Loud footsteps approached the stalls .
te	NNS	Inside the train , we took seats that had a table so that Tom could sit on top .
te	NN	And even though he never looked back , Kat could feel somebody watching , staring .
te	NNS	Oregon Health Sciences University straddled hills overlooking the city , like a castle over a medieval town .
te	NN	Christine saw the exchange .
te	NN	" Alright then " said Reggie , " let 's get this done .
te	NNS	And was I wearing knee socks ?
te	NN	Hands gripped his tunic and dragged him from the creek , slamming him onto the rocky shore .
te	NN	She was carrying a rolling pin , and swinging it back and forth like it was a battle ax .
te	NNS	Judge Davenport planted her elbows on the desk , clasped her hands and gave them permission to touch gloves .
te	NN	He could hear the low and steady buzzing of the machine .
te	NNS	We ordered our dinners and ate as I talked all about the cloning and the recent genetic deterioration .
te	NN	Gwyn , Mrs Owen and I take the first load .
te	NNS	Most of the merchants sold everyday goods ; grain from the interior or from overseas , figs and olives , raisins and wine and wool .
te	NN	He found the faucet , but no water came from it .
te	NN	Back in London , she made brown bread and parsnip soup to welcome Brigid back from Paris .
te	NN	Between the two , one of them had the King 's cash .
te	NN	The effort of lifting her head was now taking its toll on her .
te	NNS	The leopard had crushed the throats of the two men , strangling them rather than ripping and tearing .
te	NN	Michael immediately ordered everybody out of the area , and called the fire brigade .
te	NNS	I checked the final rows of figures , ensuring all the data had imported properly without any dropped fields .
te	NNS	The guys grabbed the bags while Ashlyn and I jogged up the steps to the porch .
te	NN	He could no longer understand identity or gender , race or politics ; rather , he found a new concept : oneness .
te	NNS	Flying pieces lashed open half a dozen small wounds on his naked upper body and put two new rips in his trousers .
te	NN	We had a booth to ourselves on the main floor .
te	NN	Christie slid off the stool .
te	NN	Jax pulled her h * ps up against his .
te	NNS	He and Seth took seats near the back , and he watched Jenny and Julie pass them , along with a large group of girls .
te	NN	" I told you , I would take away your happiness .
te	NN	He was making no judgment .
te	NNS	" I have heard whispers of the dangerous Gregori - the Dark One , the bogey man of the Carpathians .
te	NN	He lowered the blast shield as we approached the field .
te	NN	The pads of his fingers did a slow massage " Do I make you this way ?
te	NN	And if not , the family could pick up the slack themselves .
te	NN	He gathered Sarah 's stack of books and walked her to the librarians 's desk , setting the books on the shelf where she pointed .
te	NN	Once they were erect to his satisfaction , he gave her another slow thrust .
te	NN	I will send a team chopper in once the vehicles are dealt with .
te	NNS	We had many serious talks while we were both recovering .
te	NN	Would I simply hit the hard sidewalk below ?
te	NNS	Our traditions revolved around the latest gadgets for listening in on a conversation or how to put the biggest scare into clients .
te	NNS	Gavin , Zinnia and myself will watch everyone 's backs . "
te	NNS	" Did you like the decorations outside ? "
te	NNS	But she hated guns .
te	NN	He only placed his empty mug on the floor between them .
te	NNS	To fall on the rocks at this speed would mean serious injuries .
te	NNS	Jean never kept secrets from Joe in the past .
te	NNS	Girl has more secrets than Lost .
te	NNS	" Did you bring your pills ? "
te	NN	I shut off the laptop , unplugged it , and looped the power cord around my elbow .
te	NN	The wearied bard leapt at his enemies with both arms outstretched and his colorful cape flapping behind him .
te	NNS	Breaking this confidentiality is considered treason under these laws and is punishable by death .
te	NNS	They 're not biting flies . "
te	NN	They finally reached the beauty salon and they got in .
te	NNS	His eyes drift toward the ocean as his thoughts travel many leagues away .
te	NN	Harald recognized the torture as the infamous blood eagle .
te	NNS	Most importantly , I saw glimpses of the woman who was inside .
te	NNS	Adrian and I exchanged glances .
te	NN	He 'd salvaged the competition for her , given her the finals , and then won the key .
te	NNS	Even if it meant letting her make the decisions from now on .
te	NNS	She got " good evenings " and " welcome backs " from the staff as she stepped in , crossed through the lobby .
te	NNS	As she waited , she recalled the previous night 's events in her mind .
te	NNS	Every footstep echoed loudly .
te	NNS	Wise elderly who helped the king make decisions .
te	NNS	She 'd gained at least a hundred pounds .
te	NNS	If he wasn 't going to explain , then she had no qualms about doing so .
te	NNS	You 're making some really bad decisions . "
te	NNS	But in the practical business of getting down the mountain as quickly as they could she temporarily forgot these concerns .
te	NNS	" Your Grace , I will now confess , I still have communications with the Earl of Richmond .
te	NNS	Naturally , I 'd heard rumors .
te	NN	He licked the hollow of her throat .
te	NNS	Viktor voiced his qualms .
te	NNS	I cross my ankles over each other , trying to contain the nervous energy created by the flush of our bodies .
te	NN	Dan lifted the barrel of the gun slightly where the bullets ripped into the great beast 's throat and upwards into the snout .
te	NNS	He had spent the last five nights resisting the urge to feed on the woman .
te	NN	Because the business was small , Susannah had hired a delivery service .
te	NNS	He was wearing green hospital scrubs that he 'd been loaned .
te	NN	Some asshole truck driver ran my cab off the road . "
te	NN	But Daren secretly dreaded the investigation of Kelly 's bedroom as he dreaded the discovery of the peep hole .
te	NN	I wanted the healing to begin .
te	NNS	We gather up our bags and throw away our trash in silence .
te	NN	Ask an expert -- an Ethiopian monkey -- if you can get one to talk to you .
te	NNS	We sought alliances with members of the French royal family , and became connected closely to the semi-autonomous region of Navarre .
te	NNS	The driver took my bags , wheeling them to the waiting car while giving me some privacy to say goodbye .
te	NN	He produced his blaster and shot himself in the foot .
te	NNS	Bennett wore black plastic gloves and was fiddling with his tools as if he were about to perform a sexy experiment .
te	NNS	Breathing my one hundredth sigh of relief I walked through the automatic doors , passed seats filled with all different social classes of Romanian .
te	NNS	All these old plantations had slave quarters .
te	NNS	I guarantee these baskets .
te	NNS	I waved my fingertips in the air .
te	NNS	We exchanged glances and gave each other a weak smile .
te	NNS	Puddles surround the corpses .
te	NNS	I tossed pillows across the room , in order to slow them down and move myself into position in order to catch them .
te	NNS	' It 's got holes in it .
te	NNS	I don 't know the laws in this country , but when someone is murdered , the law and the press are notified .
te	NNS	The ground trembles , a growling echo drums through the woods as the clatter gets closer and closer like a terrible earthquake .
te	NN	He 's eating meat again .
te	NNS	He has dimples and his smile is flawless .
te	NNS	Two days later , under cover of darkness , Ahmad left the fortress .
te	NNS	The other four ships stood motionless in the space around them .
te	NN	I had no notion what she was talking about .
te	NN	During his summers here , he 'd been allowed free access to any volume on the shelves .
te	NNS	I can still tell you what was in there : Two dresses , one fancier than the other .
te	NN	He rolled his cloak beneath Gaius 's head , then tore a cushion from the First Lord 's chair to elevate the old man 's legs .
te	NNS	Judson examined the photos .
te	NNS	I don 't hear the cheers of the Dauntless ; all I hear is ringing .
te	NN	I divide the half-eaten stack of pancakes as I prop my elbow onto the table and rest my chin in my hand .
te	NNS	Search out the small-time lawyers with only twenty or thirty cases , bring them into the fold .
te	NNS	" You 're shaking , " he said grimly , and asked , " Are you going to be okay to drive ? "
te	NNS	Einstein ran the grounds up and down when we first got here -- he would have caught the scent the second we passed the gate . "
te	NNS	Lemuel was wearing starched khakis and a button-down shirt .
te	NNS	' She only uses creatures that have died naturally or been run over or committed suicide .
te	NNS	Whatever it was , I wasn 't getting those lessons .
te	NNS	" I heard rumors that you had joined our ranks , but did not believe them . "
te	NNS	Who spent decades hiding behind dead trees and scraps of quilts and an abrasive disposition .
te	NNS	She hates my guts .
te	NNS	During the flight their conversations covered several topics and he found he liked talking to her .
te	NN	My mom would 've taken the injured soldier to that hospital .
te	NNS	I made no tests , Your Holiness .
te	NNS	He 'd had crushes before .
te	NN	' Ye 've writ your ain name , Rob Anybody ! '
te	NN	I twisted the deadbolt and pulled our heavy door open .
te	NN	Next he set aside a small barrel of fresh water and the clay cooking pot with cups .
te	NNS	She had made such a fuss , but I get why now .
te	NN	As much as I wanted to hate Jessie , I felt an odd kinship with her .
te	NN	He threw back his thick skull and laughed .
te	NNS	We will achieve results more quickly by accelerating the schedule , though the experiment will be much , much riskier .
te	NN	" May I have a copy of that picture ? "
te	NNS	Making up her mind , Hannah sighed loudly .
te	NN	She felt the jolt as her own heart squeezed hard , shifting off rhythm .
te	NN	I tasted salt and flailed , my hand still clasping James 's , but that didn 't help .
te	NNS	Everyone else , resume your posts as planned .
te	NNS	She could sprout wings and still retain the rest of her human form .
te	NN	Acting as one , they took the soldier from behind .
te	NN	She deserved only happiness and light , not misery .
te	NN	He made a mug of tea , and added a generous slug .
te	NNS	Several people pulled out joints , smoking them and passing them around .
te	NNS	She had been sneaking sips of wine and beer all night .
te	NNS	So instead , I tell my attendants that I must find a silversmith to repair one of my favorite belts .
te	NNS	Marcus looked amused , if only for a second .
te	NNS	But now he had no options .
te	NN	Burgoyne began his military career in 1740 .
te	NNS	We wrote our choices secretly on slips of paper , but Josh won 5-2 .
te	NNS	I jerked down my sleeves .
te	NNS	She was intelligent , she had the financial resources and the health insurance .
te	NNS	He felt the pads of the mask on his skin .
te	NNS	" You keep your live-in blood donors in the basement ? "
te	NN	Now , he has an array of information that takes the guessing out of the equation .
te	NN	Drop your animosity for him -- and for me -- and let Andreas move on with his life . "
te	NNS	Private Johnnie Bellman on the other hand has similar beliefs to me as to how we got ourselves into this mess .
te	NN	But they gain enough steam to inspire the Masons two hundred years later , who become a far more prevailing organization .
te	NNS	If anything happened , videotape would record any time shifts and a comparison of electrical power and time variance could be calculated .
te	NN	This will explain Hannah 's DNA on Rayburn , but exonerate her of the act that actually killed him .
te	NNS	He just - drifts . "
te	NNS	" I have encountered males like you before .
te	NN	The thought sent fear flooding through her .
te	NN	Four men with gorgeous bodies played volleyball with a vengeance , yet somehow unable to get their game into a rhythm .
te	NNS	After that , I will report your treason . "
te	NN	I placed the tip of my cock at her entrance and rubbed against it .
te	NN	Reaching through the grille , he pulled a lever and lifted the massive hood .
te	NNS	He removed his elbows from the table and tried to smile again .
te	NN	Before she realized what he meant to do , he pulled the collar of his shirt away and bared his neck to her .
te	NNS	It has lots of yummy cheese .
te	NN	Neal was wearing rumpled flannel and had been driving through the night .
te	NN	Sin dipped the tip of the arrow in it , fit the arrow in her bow , and lifted it up .
te	NNS	" Take Maya with you .
te	NNS	" Thank the Gods ! "
te	NNS	He turned the yellowing sheets forward to page 213 .
te	NNS	She set down the scissors and ran her fingers through my hair again .
te	NNS	" Have you sustained injuries that result in a significant loss of arterial blood ? "
te	NN	" Mr. Harrison handed me a crate with this buried inside a chest .
te	NNS	" Actually , I have my next six columns done already .
te	NN	I hear the scuffle of feet on the steps and a gurgling sound .
te	NNS	" Does ' Mery Wesson ' ring any bells ? "
te	NNS	" You suffer the consequences . "
te	NNS	But the bastard ate the cookies . "
te	NN	I won 't eat jam bread .
te	NN	He countered my moves strike for strike , almost anticipating where my blade would fall next .
te	NNS	' We 've got lots of stone , ' he said , ' and sand .
te	NN	" Oh , you mean the movie studio .
te	NNS	I held my concerns .
te	NN	Biting into my late snack , I powered up my laptop and went to work on my thesis .
te	NN	" I just got a text from my sister saying Aria is playing at the Karaoke Queen ! "
te	NN	Now Dev was sounding all insulted .
te	NN	I had already gotten my driver 's license by then , so they didn 't need to shuttle me back and forth .
te	NN	She had her medicine !
te	NNS	Then you ditch those other EOD jerks , " Wyatt told him , voice grating .
te	NNS	Mr. Lawrence has not yet made any public statements concerning his findings in the past month and a half .
te	NNS	Another one of you overly polite individuals . "
te	NNS	They met no other groups as they went , a sign that no one had put on the river since the CME had happened .
te	NN	He swung the pick ax down again , and felt the roof end , his elbows banging against its edge .
te	NN	He wiped perspiration from his upper lip .
te	NN	She had one last ghost to banish .
te	NN	I know somebody ... Might be interested . "
te	NN	Every family had only the property they needed .
te	NNS	He rearranged karate lessons and though initially saving money he loved the freedom cash afforded him .
te	NN	The utter loss of control she 'd felt with him scared the spit out of her , then and now .
te	NN	The young men and women assigned to monitor the trial and predict what the jury might do had no collective clue .
te	NN	They gave everybody growing up in a Protected family the tattoo so that we remember what to look for . "
te	NN	Amusement flared in his eye , his expression saying he recognized my explanation for what it was : a lie .
te	NNS	The steadiness of its rhythm drowned out the echoes of her frozen nightmare .
te	NNS	If they weren 't made in China , then they contain parts that were made in China .
te	NN	She picked up the newspaper she 'd brought with her and opened it to the front page , reading each article in turn .
te	NNS	Maybe he could offer his services to an auto shop for a few days in trade for what he 'd need .
te	NNS	Zarah considered her friend 's comments but knew she wouldn 't do anything so outrageous .
te	NN	Just in case he needs any convincing to help Nika . "
te	NNS	I need your services . "
te	NN	And before she knew it , he added his vibration which pushed her over the edge and she groaned as ecstasy poured through her .
te	NN	Once rescued , she would assume her true identity as Amer .
te	NN	Hank West gulped a swig of beer .
te	NN	She was making such progress with patience .
te	NN	Melanie shifted thoughtfully , her gray eyes considering .
te	NN	He used his belt to secure Owen 's wrists behind his back .
te	NNS	She donned sweatpants and a T-shirt , slipped her feet into flip-flops and trudged down the stairs .
te	NN	She handed me the stack .
te	NN	" Special delivery . "
te	NNS	We discussed the possibilities for over an hour : how I could do things in my sleep that I couldn 't do in a conscious state .
te	NN	Bishop Morton has much influence in the see of Ely , between us we shall find the University speaks as one . "
te	NN	The crowd screamed its approval , though shouts for Eric to rip open Graham continued .
te	NN	Before I righted my head I heard both warriors chuckle .
te	NN	She was holding no more grudge against the guy , and was genuinely happy that they 've found at least something at common .
te	NNS	She lit the ends of the white sage on fire , and once it was burning , blew it out .
te	NNS	" I want onions on my cheeseburger .
te	NN	Haven 't got a clue . "
te	NNS	While my attention was drawn to you , others might be undertaking more important tasks . "
te	NNS	" Just don 't play games with her , Byron .
te	NNS	We took bets . "
te	NN	Then , Gene 's frantic Thanksgiving Day cooking and Tisha 's child care had pre-empted a discussion of the new arrangement before the celebratory meal .
te	NN	Roland watched our exchange in silence .
te	NN	Had his life depended upon it , he could not have given a rational , coherent account of the day 's events .
te	NN	She hadn 't even seen her mate for half a year .
te	NNS	The boys exchanged glances and bolted for the backyard .
te	NNS	He must have acquired some debts of theirs .
te	NN	The word attack sparked a new flurry of debate , full of shouts and vehement objections .
te	NN	" I practiced Lilia 's signature exactly ! "
te	NN	He shook his head ominously and moved on .
te	NNS	Dad touches the ends of my hair , as though he 's checking if the colour has changed .
te	NNS	" Long nylon sheets which are secured to the ceiling .
te	NN	At least he had the reassurance Amelia would do everything possible to keep the baby safe .
te	NNS	' Have you finished the tasks I set you ? '
te	NNS	" But we 're telling the media you broke up .
te	NNS	He had a politician 's impeccable manners , but he certainly wasn 't going to any great lengths to make his friend feel welcome .
te	NNS	She threw away the eggs and milk , just to be on the safe side .
te	NN	" Can we at least ask your aunt about it ? "
te	NN	" Because I can 't afford more rent . "
te	NN	He could see the whole broad , gravel expanse of the bank 's roof .
te	NNS	" Ready all guns ; straight at him ! "
te	NN	" Because you have given to the kingdom and to its emperor prosperity and peace , we offer this sacrifice of thanks to you . "
te	NN	His hand reached out for Terri 's arm , they took a united bound toward the wall ... and were gone .
te	NNS	" Under no circumstances should you ask passers-by any questions , or make any comments on what you have seen . "
te	NNS	I mentioned the wounds I 'd received and the infection that had followed , but I hadn 't told her everything .
te	NN	Big noble explanation , twelve years in the making . "
te	NN	" Why don 't you forward the disc a few tracks and we 'll play Jude here his Beatles theme song ? "
te	NN	Aiden had always praised my kicks , and with that thought in mind , I pushed my upper back against the wal .
te	NN	Corrie dragged a stool to the other side of the counter .
te	NN	When I approached my father 's mansion , I registered the gravity of what I had done .
te	NNS	She had small binoculars and night-vision goggles .
te	NNS	Margaret and Brad exchanged glances .
te	NNS	I sat down , rested my elbows on my knees , my head in my hands .
te	NN	In fact , she didn 't have a clue about this legend and she was just provoking him .
te	NNS	Cheyenne noticed not for the first time the bags under Maggie 's eyes .
te	NNS	They marshal their resources and wait for a big score .
te	NNS	I opened drawers and cabinets and discovered every styling product available .
te	NNS	Old wounds creased the corners of her eyes .
te	NN	A strong voice from the top of the bed stopped her mid stride .
te	NN	Shannon had faxed over the contract , clear in her assumption that we would accept .
te	NN	I heard a siren or two wailing outside .
te	NNS	And he tells us the other theories about creation and stuff .
te	NNS	He couldn 't stand attending events where everyone drank too much , laughed too loud and tried far too hard to impress each other .
te	NN	They walked down the gentle slope towards the smoke .
te	NN	I miss my old partner in crime .
te	NN	If he 's serious about staying in fighting shape , we need more protein and less carbs and gravy . "
te	NN	Very slowly , almost reluctantly , she pulled off the sweater , as if somewhere deep inside she knew she was giving him more than her innocence .
te	NN	She measured the alleyway for an escape and made sure no one else was watching her .
te	NNS	He 'd have the results back tomorrow .
te	NN	They paraded her shamelessly across the grounds , calling out to other servants that someone important was about .
te	NNS	I have met several inmates here at Frostburg who were sentenced by Fawcett , and without seeming too curious , I quizzed them about him .
te	NNS	Worst case , I 'd take scissors to the damn thing .
te	NN	Did you take a human skull and hang it on your silly turret ? "
te	NNS	He had lots of homework to do , no time to get distracted .
te	NN	You saw it goin ' up those cliffs .
te	NNS	Under the lawless rule of Stephen , earls and knights had built castles to defend themselves against or take advantage of the chaos of the time .
te	NN	I won 't do your bidding .
te	NN	I put gas in it yesterday . "
te	NNS	" They didn 't shout threats , even .
te	NNS	they found parts of him .
te	NNS	Tossed the socks that clung to him .
te	NN	What did you think I wanted to be , a firefighter ?
te	NNS	I 'm sending lots of flowers to the hospital .
te	NNS	Before , you could usually spot the influences .
te	NNS	Buzz had studied the charts and found the drop coordinates were over a strong southerly current .
te	NN	Also , we also need a current address in case they need to send you anything that might have been left behind .
te	NN	Alaina chanted and summoned another coil of flame that twisted around and through the iron grating , turning the metal red hot .
te	NN	Handy should he ever go diving or fall in the Thames .
te	NN	He was smoking a cigar , flicking the ashes into his half-eaten eggs .
te	NN	You take the rear , Kiernan in the middle .
te	NNS	I had posters of them all over my walls in my bedroom .
te	NN	her mother 's tone expresses her disbelief .
te	NN	A man like Nash valued integrity and intelligence .
te	NN	After more than twenty-six hours en route , they were finally nearing their destination .
te	NNS	" Doesn 't anyone ever answer their goddamn phones ? "
te	NNS	It had cost him numerous favors but everything had been worth seeing the joy in his wife 's face now .
te	NNS	She could see out of the corner of her eye the other maids ' hateful glances .
te	NNS	" At least we got the bastards who did this . "
te	NN	She let out another hearty chuckle , but once again , no one joined in her laughter .
te	NNS	" The temperature 's dropped at least ten degrees since this morning . "
te	NNS	But , I will give you two other choices .
te	NN	We 'll also need a signed statement .
te	NNS	Matthew squealed his tires and turned the corner .
te	NN	Most women wouldn 't have a clue how awesome it is that you own one of those babies . "
te	NN	I want the jug . "
te	NN	Alex found a copy of the delivery invoice lying on top of her otherwise empty desktop .
te	NNS	He turned off the headlights , leaving the front of my apartment in the dark .
te	NNS	At this news , Monique was stunned speechless .
te	NN	You gave this bastard access to my family . "
te	NN	" ' e 'll make ' er do all the work , lucky dog . "
te	NNS	" Why don 't you write out different facial expressions while I go grab us some coffee and food ? "
te	NN	He kissed the bared nape of her neck .
te	NNS	You have so much material and so many possibilities . "
te	NNS	" You 're going to need more than that , " he said ominously .
te	NN	Yet they had a surprising sensitivity , nimble and loving as they stroked or bashed along or against the grain .
te	NN	Kane removed the burnt military tunic and resumed his instrument .
te	NNS	" Mind Bilbo doesn 't eat all the cakes ! "
te	NNS	He needed the ancients to understand the full threat .
te	NNS	He quickly checked the options to filter out and censor vulgarity , violence and sexual content , and then handed it back .
te	NN	They started down a dim , winding staircase .
te	NN	" Okay , we just got confirmation out of Denmark .
te	NNS	" We haven 't had any threats . "
te	NN	They want a miracle !
te	NNS	" Your employers ? "
te	NN	He gripped the mug of coffee , and his frown deepened when he realized it was cold .
te	NN	They perused the available transport .
te	NN	" He got the biggest rawhide bone we could find .
te	NNS	The house had three bedrooms and two bathrooms .
te	NN	Two more shots struck their protective shield , and another pair of flowers ( both a dusty lavender ) bloomed .
te	NNS	Way to curl my toes before noon , Saldana .
te	NNS	They too dramatized their expressions and mannerisms .
te	NN	Best of all , it cost a fraction of a sheet made using traditional methods .
te	NNS	Adam is dropping our bags onto the couch .
te	NN	" Once a century ? "
te	NN	" You will be operating the surrogate again , because you are naturally better at that .
te	NN	Sandwiches and milk for the three convicts opened the conference , but Mr. Forrest wore such a broad smile that it could only be good news .
te	NN	" My amulets provide protection from outside harm , " Guro replied , his expression grave and mournful .
te	NN	One paid her house payment , utilities and car insurance , while the other paid for food and gas .
te	NNS	" Established our favorites as rulers ?
te	NNS	Tucker dabbed beads of sweat from his forehead with a handkerchief and led us to his massive closet .
te	NNS	Rico heeded Operations ' warnings and didn 't touch either one of them .
te	NN	Overstreet didn 't answer , just kept walking toward the door , his eyes glazed over , his mouth slack .
te	NNS	They ran tests on her , Colton .
te	NN	" She can get our coach still ! "
te	NNS	He didn 't get all those degrees for nothing . )
te	NNS	Some pulled out their phones and snapped pictures .
te	NN	Gucci tucked aside her BlackBerry and pulled three neatly folded tissues from the sleeve pocket on her flight suit .
te	NNS	They both dropped their bags on the floor and then noticed the path of overturned chairs leading to Cassie 's mother .
te	NNS	His lips planted tiny kisses from my ear to my col ar bone , and I melted against the ground , feeling wonderful y overwhelmed .
te	NNS	He trailed his fingertips from the pulse point in her throat all the way down to the tops of her breasts .
te	NNS	We 're monitoring their communications , at least the ones we can find .
te	NN	" It does have an interesting texture . "
te	NN	Terribly did my head reel , and I had no power to stand or want as much .
te	NN	Okay , I don 't technically have a license .
te	NN	Maybe others could feel that chemistry , too .
te	NNS	His blood boiling , Talon pushed Eros away and started back toward his car .
te	NNS	They said their good-byes and hung up .
te	NN	Both sides own a portion of the truth , what is real .
te	NNS	This series of actions prompted other states to tighten up control of their own borders .
te	NNS	Piles of folders and scraps of paper covered the surfaces and chair tops .
te	NNS	So they packed up their meagre belongings and what food they could find and started to trek along the jungle paths .
te	NN	Tell me the target and we 'll race over who gets to it first while trying to catch each other . "
te	NNS	From one I can hear the murmuring ruckus of sleeping men 's Noise .
te	NNS	" Even if we did get caught , which we won 't , my boss wouldn 't press charges . "
te	NNS	Yeah , he had some hard-core guns .
te	NN	" Unfortunately , I have another explanation . "
te	NNS	He pulled Zeus up from the ground and he looked at what was left of his brother .
te	NNS	His study of satellite maps identified several sentry posts .
te	NNS	He licked any wounds she had , cleaning them with his tongue .
te	NNS	Danika tucked her wings in as she crouched , cleaning up most of the mess with one swipe .
te	NN	Tuck gave a small chuckle .
te	NN	Did they hurt somebody ? "
te	NN	" Quite a shame really .
te	NN	When the Congressional Commission on Electromagnetic Pulse had issued their report in 2002 , everyone expected the Federal government to act quickly to protect the nation .
te	NNS	Thomas consumed five bags of blood before Etienne and Terri reluctantly let him get up .
te	NN	The reincarnate wolf enters our realm to save her poor brother ... but what 's this ? "
te	NNS	" I clearly outlined my concerns for her safety and the - " " Mike has it under control , " David yelled .
te	NN	" Call it female intuition . "
te	NNS	But often , readers don 't leave reviews .
te	NN	I had imagined this journey many times in my dreams and during my waking hours , so to actually do it was a great personal moment .
te	NN	She feigned indifference while her palms grew damp within her gloves .
te	NN	He took a swig , raising his head with just a hint of a whipped cream mustache .
te	NN	Bobo regarded the electronic item dubiously .
te	NN	He threw the small device at an angle , mere inches out of Buzzard 's reach .
te	NNS	Jarrett 's old firm had ten lawyers , ten courtroom brawlers who won verdicts and were in demand .
te	NNS	Does mainly divorce investigations . "
te	NNS	She was afraid ; afraid of these men , these lions .
te	NN	I found a very nice ruby in a simple setting for close to $ 1,500 .
te	NN	as the people on the bridge , and the wrestlers in the office , started line dancing .
te	NN	I was slightly irritated my recon plans weren 't going that well , and I buried my face in the menu .
te	NN	Tench checked Abraham 's water bowl and his food dish to make sure they were full .
te	NN	But it didn 't stop the regret or the knowledge that her entire world could change and she could lose everything in as little as a day .
te	NNS	Within ten minutes , they were both lying on their backs , dressed in old flannel pajamas , studying the ceiling .
te	NN	" You 've still got a bank account , right ? "
te	NN	They sped down the driveway , and Ethan gunned the car towards the road as Julie saw Greg struggling to his feet .
te	NN	As I darted around the fallen bodies , I spied an artillery load in the back of a flatbed truck .
te	NN	I don 't mind the vibration deep in my chest , though .
te	NN	She swung the fan in quick strokes , and the fans zoomed with invisible speed , like wind cutters .
te	NN	" Do a lot of the same people visit the museum ?
te	NNS	They 'll get fish guts on them , and they 'll get wet and be ruined . "
te	NN	Just then my mother dropped a baking pan with a clang like the jail cell door closing .
te	NN	He took her breast harder in his mouth , her sex harder against his cock , intensifying the peak and wiping out all thought .
te	NN	She heard something crash to the floor , and then a muffled string of curses , before they were disconnected .
te	NNS	Eddie and I exchanged glances .
te	NN	I put the journal down and close my eyes , giving the words time to reconfigure on the pages beneath my fingers .
te	NNS	" They tore off my wings , my brother ! "
te	NNS	They easily dwarfed the towers of the London Bridge .
te	NN	I 'll put the pan on . "
te	NN	" El , I don 't suppose you could give me a title or something ? "
te	NN	Then I 've got an errand to run . "
te	NN	You should take your trash out more often . "
te	NN	'Cause of you , we need a tow . "
te	NNS	With his twin swords he blocked blows and slit open the captain 's neck .
te	NNS	" You have only two theories ? "
te	NNS	They had no pigs , dirty geniuses that they are , masters of wallowing in mud , and escaping from pens .
te	NN	Frank could see the costume from behind , the human underneath who was dressed in a black shirt and trousers with straps holding the wings .
te	NN	People were dressed finer than I had seen in a long time .
te	NN	" You won 't cause a scandal if you look in the window . "
te	NNS	" We have two choices ? "
te	NNS	We have lots of time to talk . "
te	NNS	Far ahead he saw mountains , or perhaps , only large hills .
te	NN	She debated the wisdom of shutting the window and bolting the door , just to see what excuses she came up with , but dismissed the idea .
te	NNS	Why are you stealing women 's panties ?
te	NN	Her smile becoming more natural , Helen opened the chef 's sack and reached inside .
te	NNS	You know the consequences for you personally .
te	NN	I wrote a program in Visual FoxPro to simulate their orbits .
te	NN	In the back left hand corner of the room , concealed behind a shelf you see a blue swirling disk of energy .
te	NN	Together , they shared a chuckle as the little dwarf 's temporary loss of balance forced him to rip the head off the rotten corpse .
te	NN	Watkins smoothed his mustache with nervous fingers . "
te	NNS	" What do they like doing , these nephews of yours ? "
te	NN	" A couple weeks later , Victoria paid the rent on her apartment in advance for six months and came home .
te	NNS	Neil tossed their belongings on the bed and kicked the door shut .
te	NNS	* * * Ken was softly stroking her wings with a bath towel .
te	NNS	Chapter Five Two hours later , Savannah was putting the finishing touches on the dog food when the front door swung open .
te	NN	He has only a slight accent which I can 't place .
te	NN	As I packed up my gear and exited the back seat of the Mercedes , I patted the gaudy golden coin in my pocket .
te	NNS	' By some count , her career as a baker of local renown spanned at least five decades and as many county fairs . ' "
te	NN	As he watches his brother run at him Kol raises a shield but unexpectedly Curios shots water filled with ice daggers to the side of Kol .
te	NN	I packed up my laptop and tossed in my wallet before heading downstairs .
te	NNS	She jerked back hard , the bones in her wrist grinding together .
te	NNS	Her pudgy hand reached up and patted his cheek , " Cay " she announced loudly .
te	NN	When Angelo 's was empty , Luther paid the bill and they drove home , slowly .
te	NNS	Sergei 's guys already had their rifles on full automatic and were pouring slugs into the beast , to little effect .
te	NNS	Some Peacemakers took down Reapers .
te	NN	Fin noticed the small chain on the woman 's neck and felt the fleeting sickness of recognition .
te	NN	And pushed the pedal down , rocks and dirt spanking the underside of the truck .
te	NNS	Several of his brothers had found mates , and their ranks were once again growing .
te	NN	When I inhaled , I caught a faint whiff of his cologne .
te	NNS	He and Megan unpacked their suitcases as fast as they 'd never done before and were shortly running downstairs to the garage with the laundry baskets .
te	NNS	Liam trailed more kisses to her belly .
te	NN	He left the conference .
te	NN	I was wearing the mask because I was going to escape in Melissa style .
te	NN	Kellerman at last showed uneasiness , but he didn 't step back .
te	NN	He could feel the thunder of her heartbeat and the quiver of her lips against his throat .
te	NNS	" We have fabrics .
te	NNS	I cracked my eyelids and saw the hounds above me .
te	NNS	Diego gobbled up all traces in no time .
te	NN	She 'd be leading the corporation one day .
te	NN	It helps society more than you know when you make your voice heard ; reviews force us to move towards a true meritocracy .
te	NNS	" Now we can cut their throats and head home this very night . "
te	NNS	Will asked his siblings expectantly .
te	NN	Suddenly not hungry , she pushed away her bowl of porridge .
te	NNS	He fractured bones within his leg ; it was such a severe break , that his fellow priests feared for his life .
te	NNS	Free of booze and pills , Rohr directed his considerable energies into suing corporate America on behalf of injured people .
te	NNS	It examines the contours of my thumbprint , and then prompts me to type my password .
te	NN	He touched her ankle and withdrew his hand when his touch became too much for her .
te	NNS	Elena pushed her notebooks aside to make room .
te	NN	He felt a jolt straight down to his groin and swallowed as he watched her .
te	NN	She continued up the driveway , worrying her bottom lip between her teeth .
te	NNS	" Unfortunately , the local authorities ran both sets of fingerprints through the nationwide databases .
te	NNS	I hated black dresses now .
te	NNS	You keep playing games , I 'll keep playing games .
te	NN	I felt my eyebrow quirk as I glanced at Cade and wondered if Bishop was right .
te	NNS	She kissed the scars on the back of Skyler 's hand and turned her arm over to inspect the palm .
te	NN	I don 't know any Rachael .
te	NN	The thing had a damn nice vertical extension .
te	NNS	Human beings make mistakes .
te	NNS	He tucked his wings in as his armor melted into clothing .
te	NN	" That we had an affair before you were born . "
te	NNS	Until then , he would have more mysteries and monsters to fight .
te	NNS	As of midnight tonight , security will leave their posts at your house .
te	NN	The momentum of the thrust carried the man 's torso halfway over the counter .
te	NN	Bitcoin nodes use this block chain to distinguish legitimate Bitcoin transactions from attempts to spend coins that have already been spent elsewhere .
te	NN	Why would you devalue the society 's property , that which is owned by all ? "
te	NN	The man astride the horse pulling her urged his mount onward .
te	NNS	We also have three pigs and five chickens .
te	NN	Last Neil heard , he 'd married his high school sweetheart and was trying to put his military days behind him .
te	NNS	" I have guests , I must go cook something or they will think I 'm a terrible woman .
te	NNS	Well , sometimes , " he answered vaguely .
te	NNS	Ricky was smiling grimly .
te	NNS	Jeremy went motionless and felt his eyes widening as he stared at Neil .
te	NN	I hadn 't heard a doorbell or a knock of any kind indicating she 'd arrived .
te	NNS	Becky modeled black tights , a black miniskirt , and a lacy black chemise .
te	NNS	They captured my grandparents and Dale and Tanu .
te	NNS	Tiger doesn 't have birthdays .
te	NNS	" Well , I have a few requirements if I 'm going to agree to this .
te	NN	Chapter 5 Fantasy meets Reality What happens when the reality you knew was actually the fantasy all along ?
te	NN	Maybe he could think up a bug fairy-tale .
te	NNS	Allan led the travellers toward the cabin 's front door .
te	NNS	We didn 't issue updates on the war because that information would be intercepted by the enemy . "
te	NN	She was watching the ceremony through damp eyes .
te	NNS	She watched the puppies from the kitchen window .
te	NNS	They 'd had only rare glimpses of her over the years , including the night Angus and Gilda had died .
te	NN	" Is Flynn still a moron ?
te	NNS	Misty had harvested petals from two of the roses she 'd brought home from her shop , washing them thoroughly and rolling them dry in a towel .
te	NNS	Three had rifles , while the others had sticks and machetes swinging them around to clear their path from the leaves that grew surrounding it .
te	NN	He swiped the smaller section of the pill off the desk and slid it in his mouth .
te	NN	At this moment , when my feelings are thus so alive , I should do violence to them if I did not hasten your downfall .
te	NN	I could hear the rising hysteria in my voice .
te	NNS	" Sawyer must have some centuries-old ceremonial swords lying around somewhere that they can duel with ... " Pia gave a choked laugh .
te	NNS	I finally reached the outskirts of the city and ducked through an open gate just as the guards were shutting down the city for the night .
te	NNS	He took the scissors , cut straight up her ripped shirt and bra , and then cut the straps off .
te	NN	I purr , thrusting my h * ps back harder .
te	NN	He rolled up her clothing and threw it in the corner of the room .
te	NNS	" Other than the Fourth of July celebration , does Shoshone host any other community events ? "
te	NN	We have a daily newspaper , Bend does , of course , and La Pine has a weekly .
te	NNS	" And just what payment is it that I owe ? "
te	NNS	She saw the scissors still in my hand and looked horrified .
te	NN	A roar of laughter interrupted their embrace from outside the door .
te	NN	Does that ring a bell ? "
te	NNS	" Well , yes , but - " " No buts .
te	NNS	But while she 'd been uninhibited during sex at her flat , he couldn 't miss her shyness afterward .
te	NNS	I don 't usually wear dresses , but this night is fancy .
te	NNS	A man should settle his own debts . "
te	NNS	I would have studied the tissues for as long as they held together .
te	NN	" Clark 's DNA matches the sample found under Trina Simms 's fingernails . "
te	NN	I walked down the aisle and found our seats .
te	NNS	The team also had grenades and two hand-held mortar launchers .
te	NNS	They soon dropped those corpses on the shrine 's stone floor south of the tabletop .
te	NN	And guys who wore suits had another strike against them .
te	NN	And I knew the Leopard 's policy to wipe out entire families .
te	NNS	Elegant columns and intricate statuary adorned even modest homes .
te	NNS	He was rolling up his sleeves when he walked back into the kitchen .
te	NN	A shrill scream sounded overhead , and then a rustling of leaves , close to us .
te	NN	Marcel would take offense if Magnus didn 't praise every item .
te	NNS	That way we won 't need scaling ladders . "
te	NNS	If he hasn 't , I 've only increased his qualms regarding what he is about to face .
te	NNS	The following month 's would feature theories on hypnosis .
te	NN	This week I 've been stabbed with glass and beaten to a pulp , this completes the cake huh ? "
te	NN	I had ridden the region of a threat by pure luck and they celebrated me as a hero .
te	NN	My son 's absence is killing me everyday .
te	NN	" Do you have a newspaper or something ?
te	NN	" If you 're not on my book when it comes due , you don 't get your last commission .
te	NN	Francesca gave him one haughty little frown before she drove away without a backward glance .
te	NNS	" We have already called the cops . "
te	NN	Then again , something like that could fall right off your paw .
te	NN	We 'll conduct that interview together . "
te	NNS	He never met a hostess he didn 't greet , if you know what I mean . "
te	NN	At least her boyfriend had a pulse .
te	NNS	Akers would have spies watching the trailer .
te	NNS	He had no more secrets to protect .
te	NNS	I 've got three subs each half , so you 'll all get a swap except the goalies .
te	NN	Climbing the stairs , Luc raised a shiny bullet to the light and inspected it .
te	NNS	She drummed her fingertips on the arm of the bench .
te	NNS	Jeeze , I 've never seen so many cops . "
te	NNS	When a piece appeared in front of her , she nearly forgot her manners and scooped up a bite .
te	NNS	said the sacks , apparently with their mouth full .
te	NN	No , the other bartenders didn 't take the cash and run , or buy marijuana ( Not that came up in conversation , anyway ) .
te	NNS	She had bigger concerns .
te	NN	So long as he keeps the same routine . "
te	NN	He could find no paperwork whatsoever .
te	NNS	He made no bones about his mistrust of my profession . "
te	NN	He pressed the emergency alarm .
te	NNS	" I see headlights . "
te	NNS	You don 't find black male dolls everywhere .
te	NN	He went downtown to play for money .
te	NNS	We have emergency exits here and here . "
te	NN	Bolted to the center of the far cavern wall stood the magnificent pipe organ .
te	NNS	Sunday had no entries .
te	NNS	When I was still on an ocean deck I carried lots of them to Africa , breeding stock for the chicken business over there . "
te	NNS	' The girl - the Heroine , opened the borders .
te	NN	In anxiousness , I press the small blinking icon and am taken to a new screen .
te	NN	Her neck , I see , has a deep gash that has opened down to her throat .
te	NN	" I hate tobacco ! "
te	NN	There it was , a dark splash against the light wood siding .
te	NN	Steve grabbed the last manila folder .
te	NN	He did not leave a forwarding address and I was instructed to forward anything that came for him to the Alicante diocese ... " I nodded .
te	NN	Lavender unwound the chain from around the handcuffs and she was free to move around , albeit her left hand was still handcuffed .
te	NN	Lea ducked the punch , and stood up with a right uppercut to Valeria 's chin .
te	NNS	When ant colonies grow large enough , they too divide and setup new colonies wherever the environment suits them .
te	NN	I already have the majority of stockholders on my side .
te	NN	Lauren looked down at the gown again , a twinge of sadness dampening the happiness she 'd felt when Callie had arrived .
te	NNS	" They did the tests , assembled the data , and then they reclassified it for their own purposes and recommendations .
te	NNS	The Emperor stayed his hounds , cracked his whip once and held the scepter high over his head .
te	NNS	I had picked up the flyers and distributed them at some of the local stores .
te	NNS	I look around ; my heart pounds .
te	NNS	I 'd sneak peaks at him too -- especially when he was doing his chin-ups .
te	NN	That should do the trick . "
te	NNS	A slight grin tempted the corners of his mouth .
te	NN	Lance swings his tail about , but Warrior leaps up and out of the way .
te	NNS	He examined the wounds on Martin 's legs .
te	NN	And for our service in America , the Saint Germaine clan was granted entry to the third level .
te	NNS	I even took a few lessons when I was younger , per the insistence of my father .
te	NNS	You have Jules ' prints ?
te	NNS	She stopped beside us , looked into both of our faces , and creaked , " You know , they never leave their wives . "
te	NNS	I dodged his first quick blows , observing his moves before I made my own .
te	NNS	The Architects had bred these creatures to enslave and consume , as a testament to their own wisdom and power .
te	NNS	His company didn 't simply build corporate headquarters around the globe .
te	NNS	" She 'll have to , " Soma said grimly .
te	NN	Currently she had Wold 's Logic and Paradox open on her desk and was reading it with her chin in her hands .
te	NN	She should 've brought a sweater but she 'd been working in the garden earlier and it had been hot .
te	NN	She 'd know that silhouette anywhere .
te	NN	" You call this lenient ? "
te	NNS	His hand absorbed some blows , his elbow blocked others , and his arm slapped the remainder aside .
te	NNS	Luke described the events in Macon and South Carolina and what was happening at the ranch .
te	NNS	Representatives of the greater powers occupied the front seats , and some of them were honored with special chairs near the President .
te	NN	With hundreds of millions of bacteria , it only takes one survivor to stave off extinction .
te	NN	She and Joseph had a special bond .
te	NN	After some searching , I find a battered pan , crack the eggs and listen to them sizzle .
te	NNS	" Maybe she changed limo companies . "
te	NNS	" I 'm not paying my respects to him . "
te	NNS	Elaborate sculptures above the door portrayed events from the life of Mary .
te	NNS	You call yourselves hobbits ?
te	NN	I meant no disrespect in the deception .
te	NN	Cameron , search the canal east to Newbury .
te	NNS	Why hadn 't the creatures gone for them ?
te	NNS	You 've probably heard all the theories ?
te	NNS	The silver eyes glittered , reflected the driving sheets of rain .
te	NNS	Some of the masters exchanged fleeting glances and quickly turned back to Mantra .
te	NNS	I 'll try her quarters first . "
te	NN	The old man took a bowl from a stack utensils in the corner and ladled a large helping of the bubbling soup into it .
te	NNS	And yet here you are , breaking decades of mystery and solitude to chat up old ladies at open mic morning in Flint , Michigan . "
te	NN	He kicked an empty stool across the room .
te	NNS	She knotted the ends and held it up to him .
te	NN	She had made a bowl for making the lye and a container to catch it in .
te	NN	His eyes widened a fraction as he realised my implication .
te	NNS	She forbade cell phones at the dinner table . '
te	NNS	You have my condolences for your loss .
te	NN	Captain McGregor raised his metal goblet to take another sip of the claret , when a spark jumped off the handle and landed on his nose .
te	NNS	Well , he would hear her crimes and then chew her up and spit her out like all the others .
te	NN	The dark had swallowed the small cellar that led up to the hut .
te	NNS	What if on your bacon cheese and more cheese sandwich we substituted the buns with two pieces of fried chicken ?
te	NNS	He found their homes and plotted a course along the river walk .
te	NNS	I see now the mistakes he made and they will not be repeated .
te	NN	Chapter Eight The nurses plied me with a sedative and Maya and Pia ( Gloria in tow ) beat a hasty retreat .
te	NNS	He hated those affairs .
te	NNS	" We 've done the tests we 've needed to do and you can go home now . "
te	NN	They gripped Terry and half ran , half slid down the steep slope .
te	NNS	Hannah delivered her cookies and put the red flag up .
te	NN	She experienced a little thrill at his words despite herself .
te	NNS	The couple exchanged glances .
te	NNS	I was hiring other writers to help me carry some of the load , but I was dissatisfied with many of the scripts they turned in .
te	NN	I got my guitar out and played it today .
te	NNS	Jack then takes the sample bags from the old man , who does not resist the assistance .
te	NN	If luxury was in the details , Hotel della Regina defined the term .
te	NNS	The darkened sky muted the fall colors and added a grayish tinge to the atmosphere .
te	NN	Someone hit the alarm as we rounded the corner .
te	NN	He handed her a small gray coin .
te	NNS	In the bedroom , the dresser had all the drawers pulled out and one had also been broken .
te	NNS	Each of us brings our own gifts to the mix .
te	NNS	" Other body parts ? "
te	NNS	" No more letters , no more diary entries .
te	NN	Just tell the courier to ask for a man named Mack .
te	NNS	There goes my panties , going from newly dried to soaking wet again .
te	NNS	The castle of Rose City had tall towers .
te	NN	He had a blackout , and Doc Cooper is worried about him .
te	NNS	We go a few more rounds and I make the mistake of choosing pleasure .
te	NN	The Ops Officer keyed his pickup .
te	NNS	" Well , first , I have several nieces and nephews .
te	NN	Then another explosion rocked the laboratory , and lumps of ceiling came crashing down .
te	NNS	They shared certain attitudes .
te	NN	She rubbed the chill from her arms , even though the weather didn 't bother her .
te	NN	We all saw the text .
te	NNS	As far as Andrea knew , Dina hadn 't worn outlandish outfits , mile-high shoes , and rivers of Oscar de La Renta .
te	NNS	He changed the records to show he was on his sixth trip , just so he could go on this one .
te	NN	A single one of these bears to the leg should make the robot collapse . '
te	NNS	Shops and businesses prepared their goods to sell .
te	NNS	I could let the events of late wash away .
te	NN	He released his grasp .
te	NN	Caring For Baby had emphasised the importance of a strict routine and Cami had to admit it made good business sense .
te	NN	Jed jumped out of the way and , crash !
te	NN	It hollered : Sex goddess .
te	NN	This man had not committed suicide .
te	NN	He wielded the cutlass expertly , slicing the thick hanging vines , various small trees and dense ferns that blocked their way .
te	NN	I know the planet as well as anybody can .
te	NNS	" Then apparently we didn 't have any secrets from each other after all . "
te	NN	" However , perhaps I should don my New Year 's frock and see how you like it .
te	NNS	He 'd had braces everywhere - Carlisle said there was no point in plaster , as fast as he was healing .
te	NN	Where did you learn that trick ? "
te	NN	He left enough DNA here to identify an army .
te	NNS	We understood the consequences more than he did .
te	NNS	I had two options .
te	NNS	Instead of eyes , I see two empty holes .
te	NNS	But she was saying her goodbyes and so he said nothing .
te	NN	Not when I came to Italy with said model and wanted to date them both .
te	NN	I felt a buzz .
te	NNS	But what other options did we have ?
te	NN	I rubbed the tip of my nose against his pebbled flesh and blew out a heavy sigh .
te	NNS	She had two choices .
te	NNS	Vincent watched Natalie 's expressions .
te	NN	' Why all the mystery ? '
te	NN	" Alright , Kathleen how about you come with me to the patient waiting area so we can discuss your urgency in seeing Jamie .
te	NNS	Smiling , Simon called after him , " That makes five threats in a day . "
te	NN	A trail of red led down the sidewalk between each house , ending right behind Billy 's shoes .
te	NNS	" Could give the jellyfish back its wings . "
te	NN	She hit the arena wal and slid down .
te	NNS	We had farmers to work the fields outside , and Edmund using his Epic abilities to provide free power for the whole place .
te	NNS	I 'm just carrying bags . "
te	NNS	He grabbed his swords from the floor where he had dropped them and formed a new resolve .
te	NNS	" I like secrets . "
te	NN	His hand slid up my calf to pause at the back of my knee .
te	NN	He doesn 't need a saint .
te	NN	For there she kept a great prize .
te	NN	Her boots had a more pronounced heel , and she had on worn leather fingerless gloves .
te	NN	I had the northeast section , which included a lot of rundown apartments , rundown homes , and a handful of motels .
te	NNS	" You have responsibilities . "
te	NN	You could hire a private investigator . "
te	NNS	Feeling like a total idiot , I abandoned my goods and left the store , unsure what I was going to do now .
te	NNS	Serena lowers her elbows , leaving the trident aimed at his face .
te	NNS	The Russians were making great strides in space technology , and as were other countries also preparing huge underground bunkers able to support millions .
te	NN	He removed the belt .
te	NN	So long as tank visitors didn 't make too much noise during hours when the guard might be awake , they could use the tank freely .
te	NNS	Had he been wolf , I would have jumped his bones in an instant .
te	NNS	The Rector Inquisitor tapped the dais with his staff and began the ceremony .
te	NN	She pulled out the BlackBerry and stared at the screen .
te	NN	" You 've certainly given me a mystery to solve . "
te	NN	I felt my airway constrict .
te	NNS	I view the tables .
te	NN	He made a graceful , old-fashioned bow .
te	NNS	Others had symbols that reminded Guillaume of the flag of a pirate ship .
te	NN	His thumbs traced along the curve of my cheekbones .
te	NNS	" Shannon had those really bad cramps that night and her date got lice , so it 's not like she ever even went ! "
te	NN	I found the pin on the ground , and I returned it to the ground . '
te	NNS	Handing the torch to Donna , she pulled downwards .
te	NNS	I know these mountains , and they do not .
te	NN	For dessert , he made a raspberry sauce and poured it over ice cream , making the creamy confection divinely wonderful .
te	NNS	" You and I make up our own laws in bed .
te	NNS	" I have all the background checks to prove it .
te	NN	He studied the weapon thoughtfully , stroking it with a finger .
te	NN	Henry could feel the beam of light traveling through the black .
te	NN	When the first is done , she removes an arrow from her quiver and ties the braid of flowers to the shaft .
te	NN	" You have the time device , so I 'm going to have to get to you .
te	NNS	" I 've heard rumors about it .
te	NNS	The sun only intensifies the colors that are directly affected by it .
te	NN	At last she nodded , " at least it was not murder , though it was horrific enough in its own right it has a happy ending .
te	NN	They passed a booth playing do-it-yourself body modification videos .
te	NNS	Pushed his fingertips into her hair like he used to and traced the contours of her cheekbones with his thumbs .
te	NNS	Matt hit the drums , leading them into one of my favorite upbeat tracks that Beck had co-written with Lowe .
te	NNS	I don 't have good handholds at this point . "
te	NN	I clutched Jessie 's T-shirt to my breasts .
te	NNS	Maybe think up some new cheers .
te	NNS	" Like those posters on Facebook . "
te	NNS	" I 'm calling the locals , and we 're going to take him downtown and talk to him .
te	NN	Breedlove saw the silhouette of the American leaning on the balcony smoking , as he took in the sight of Paris below .
te	NN	You know the routine by now . "
te	NN	Dr. Clarity waved his wand faster and faster .
te	NNS	Teel had consistently used her statistics to warn me .
te	NNS	So I 'll be waiting tables ? "
te	NN	What color mine glowed , I hadn 't a clue , since I hadn 't seen them in nine years .
te	NNS	Just thinking about it causes the tightness in my chest to ease somewhat .
te	NN	The mayor holds a grudge for that reason .
te	NNS	Dani interrupted my daydreams by reminding me that we had school tomorrow , and she had to study .
te	NNS	Michael would certainly need her services as housekeeper and mother to Paulette .
te	NNS	He pressed the two buttons hiding the office .
te	NNS	They would share college expenses .
te	NN	They wouldn 't want their prize to go and disappear on them . "
te	NNS	Serves some pretty decent chicken wings .
te	NN	" We got a light drizzle , too , but the moon was out . "
te	NNS	' You and your secrets . '
te	NN	" Home , " he says , gripping the steering wheel tightly .
te	NNS	" A lie is typically accompanied by what physical symptoms , Ms. Lee ? "
te	NN	Gregori didn 't need her encouragement .
te	NNS	I place my elbows on the bar and gaze over at her .
te	NNS	I have options , so let 's drop it . "
te	NN	Even so , as a whole , the unsavory business they both had been part of for years had taken its toll .
te	NN	" Yes , but ... " She rewound the reel of events in her head .
te	NN	As she applied the ice , she could see steam coming off his skin as the ice quickly melted into warm water .
te	NNS	You surely recognise my tactics and employ them , too !
te	NNS	Go see both sets of parents and see if any of them are Asian ? "
te	NN	" You have the cash upon you ? "
te	NN	She filled a bowl with steamy soup and put it on the table .
te	NN	A moment later , he grasped her h * ps and helped direct her as she rode him until they both found glorious satisfaction .
te	NNS	" You usually have all kinds of comments whenever -- " " All right .
te	NN	" Negative , you already have confirmation that she is aboard and well .
te	NN	Miranda sported a heavily bruised ego with wet eyes .
te	NNS	Sorting through the cupboards , Lindy brought out spaghetti noodles and a bottle of spicy Italian sauce .
te	NNS	He ran his fingertips along her arm , then lifted her sweater over her head and tossed it aside .
te	NN	He 's got a cheeseburger to his lips , the open file spread out on the table .
te	NNS	Plunging to the ground , my fingers desperately seek the limbs .
te	NN	I pulled out my favorite hoodie and held it up .
te	NNS	He explained his injuries from the years he served with Deliverance Company and then wanted to know if she had any .
te	NN	I downed the scotch .
te	NN	Would you rather be out there ringing a bell or sitting in here with the William Smell Overture ?
te	NNS	" There 's a place in the forest he has visited that has many of the plants he gets his herbs from .
te	NNS	In the bathroom , I shucked off my own wet swim trunks in favor of some gym shorts .
te	NNS	You freaking flight attendants .
te	NNS	" Or the heart fails and someone dies , " Jack said grimly .
te	NNS	He gave himself to her , their kisses forbidden and growing in urgency .
te	NNS	Jase picked up the suitcases and looked at the antique grandfather clock in the entry hall .
te	NNS	You have the same privileges as commission staff members . "
te	NN	The attorney slid a sheet of paper across the long table .
te	NN	He liked that explanation , but told her that he still didn 't want to go back to school anymore .
te	NNS	Quincy took a few long strides and was standing next to his leader in no time .
te	NNS	So many times he 'd seen her roll her eyes over what she called " flyer games . "
te	NN	" Okay , you two , I don 't care if you have your bathing suits or not , we 're going swimming . "
te	NN	Jason led the offense out onto the field so fast that the opposing Coach called a time out .
te	NNS	Black clouds are creeping over the mountains with white and yellow swathes looking like the eggs of dragons .
te	NN	However , we did not cause this terrible calamity and history allows only certain people to survive -- on the lifeboats or with us .
te	NNS	" If the wave was that powerful , then it may have triggered and absorbed other pods in our path . "
te	NNS	She makes incredible cookies .
te	NN	Matthew regarded his discovery for a moment , then said .
te	NNS	Perhaps I should join the scouts when she got home and learn all this boy stuff .
te	NNS	Still , in the past she at least had known her enemies and why they hated her .
te	NNS	To see Diana 's dresses ? "
te	NNS	Her slender fingers touched the petals of a flower .
te	NNS	George began introductions with the middle-aged man who was Frank .
te	NNS	" You 're keeping secrets from her . "
te	NN	A sentimental advertisement on television would do the trick .
te	NN	First we catch the killer - the husband , always the husband - and now I have to run down the fucking body .
te	NNS	Dungeon Things have a lot more tentacles and things .
te	NNS	" Prince Jake , with my share of the enormous reward I can pay off my debts ! "
te	NN	Only this time they would go the whole hog and change their names , too ; he wasn 't taking any chances anymore .
te	NN	I should record that statement . "
te	NNS	" You have handcuffs ? "
te	NN	Ev took a long swig on the bottle and got things rolling .
te	NNS	" Drake ... " Her eyelids fluttered down ; whatever she had been about to say forgotten as his tongue slid seductively over her skin .
te	NNS	" So I changed tactics .
te	NNS	She had only her panties on and was beginning to struggle , but her arms were pinned .
te	NNS	He 'd known Holly 's secrets .
te	NNS	We can all see the horrible consequences which occur through drug use but it continues to be a plague on society to this day .
te	NNS	" She canceled Sarah 's riding lessons for the next month .
te	NN	We must add some meat onto your bones , boy , you 're thin as a miser 's penny . "
te	NN	Again , it is called civilization . "
te	NN	Take my grandson for one .
te	NNS	Smite down our enemies with your Holy power , or show me what I can do in your stead .
te	NN	" And we could also check out the ancient artifacts section .
te	NN	The governor 's attendance made it a major event .
te	NNS	He ripped off his scrubs and threw them toward the overflowing hamper in the cluttered locker room at San Francisco General Hospital .
te	NNS	We best take shifts so somebody always be awake at night with the rifle , ready to shoot him if he come around the cattle . "
te	NNS	Cream and taupe throw pillows .
te	NN	Fitch grabbed the scope , focused it quickly through a blackened porthole , and said , " Damn . "
te	NNS	She went over and over the moves in her mind until she was certain she could execute each one perfectly and complete the mission .
te	NN	We were having a family discussion and my son forgot his manners for a second .
te	NN	And thank you for letting me use your cottage to recuperate . "
te	NN	Patrick took a puff on his pipe , and said , " We found our rifle .
te	NNS	" My father has sent a governess to escort me home !
te	NNS	The soft breeze pushed strands of hair around her delicate features .
te	NN	" Never play poker . "
te	NNS	I could handle goblins and bogeymen and evil , flesh-eating horses , but giant freaking spiders ?
te	NN	I handed her a manila envelope filled with paperwork .
te	NNS	Or had they changed their loyalties somewhere along the way , as they were increasingly made aware of the incredible , unbelievable power they now possessed ?
te	NN	" I need a toothbrush . "
te	NN	We caught a whiff of the stables before we saw them .
te	NN	A Gerard could never hurt his Essence ; he could never fight the instinctual love enough to betray her . "
te	NNS	Frida on the other hand , held no such qualms and was happily munching on a large pile of cookies she had placed before her .
te	NNS	He hears the rumors of the Leopard that haunts this town and is suspicious of the castle serfs .
te	NN	Sounds like the title of a cheesy eighties rock ballad .
te	NNS	We 'll go anyways .
te	NN	We provide a wide variety of goods and services , but we force none of our goods and services on those who choose not to patronize us .
te	NN	I assess his aura , looking for his true emotions , but , as always , they follow his face .
te	NN	" Hey , Artie love , let 's do a lip dock after Val pulls .
te	NN	" With the ROV in place , you could monitor our progress from up here . "
te	NNS	She considered the ugliness of the bra as extra protection against the almost painful need that was pouring through her right now .
te	NN	He 'd lost the whiskey along the way and he splayed his empty hands at her in a calming gesture .
te	NNS	So you don 't have any worries there , and your apartment is just fine .
te	NNS	Twice , he reached dead ends and had to backtrack .
te	NN	" Just as soon as the law and my pa will allow , " she said and straining upward , gave Sam a peck on his cheek .
te	NN	" Well , it is more than thirty years old , " Xavier picked up the controller as if it needed consoling .
te	NN	As Bianca started depending on me more and more for babysitting , I did research to make sure I had all the most current information . "
te	NNS	So please , see sense Daisy . '
te	NNS	We took the pads off the hammocks and sat on them on the deck .
te	NN	And I 'd just ripped my brand new chemise .
te	NN	He tossed an envelope with my name and address on it onto the table .
te	NN	" We already had this discussion .
te	NN	We found a small spring coming out of the rock , and water filling a big basin surrounded by heavy , leafy trees .
te	NNS	More than half of the students were sporting school colors , and Neil saw a few headbands with fox ears .
te	NNS	They passed the Bishop 's Arms .
te	NN	" You hurt your ankle ? "
te	NN	Euphoria , combined with raw , desperate need , caused every muscle to quiver .
te	NN	With about a hundred cages , the kids can have meat , and she can sell some to buy clothes and stuff .
te	NN	Inside the apartment , Tommy had carefully removed any concession to age and history .
te	NN	I 'll arrange my own transportation , since I 'll be flying down from the north . "
te	NN	She has some weird fascination with his twisted life that I don 't understand , and it makes me crazy .
te	NN	He lifted a mug of hot tea to his lips , the steam dancing through the air .
te	NN	I closed his wallet immediately and set it down .
te	NN	She had a successful career , and someone to share her life with -- her husband and kids .
te	NNS	The others bow and take their seats .
te	NNS	Shifter women worked off the calories fast , their metabolisms quickly burning the sugar .
te	NNS	And with that bit of ominous information , Edna and Pearl gathered up their purchases and left the store .
te	NN	I couldn 't leave the sheet there .
te	NN	Quiet shadows loom around the dumpster .
te	NNS	Aiden 's curse rang loudly .
te	NNS	" Maybe she 's having sympathy pains .
te	NN	" Good evening sweetie , " said the cheerful cashier as I set everything down to pay for it .
te	NNS	He planted tiny kisses on knuckle after another , zapping her with enough voltage to power a block .
te	NN	He found Brand seated before a large harp .
te	NNS	They reached the fortress as the shadows began to lengthen and the light in the sky turned purple and rose .
te	NNS	I didn 't touch the phones or the computers , but I made a mental inventory of what was there .
te	NNS	The therapy had elongated the pupils .
te	NN	We finished the workshop in Seville and drove to Madrid to see some of Lola 's friends and discuss what we could organize for the autumn .
te	NN	He took the sack out of Abe 's hands and jogged around the building to Horace 's campsite .
te	NN	' What an absolutely beautiful notion . ' '
te	NN	He gave a few more lazy thrusts before finally withdrawing .
te	NN	Hanna saw a tiny muscle in her neck quiver .
te	NN	Royce got a clean mug out of the cupboard .
te	NNS	" I 'll send out my best thieves .
te	NN	Looking at it made her heartache , but she couldn 't put it down .
te	NNS	" Poor bloke 's going off the rails at last . "
te	NNS	In the last ten years MI6 has been losing numerous good agents to an increasing number of crime syndicates .
te	NN	" I 'm getting a headache . "
te	NN	You have my email address .
te	NNS	Ry had brought our bags over when he 'd first come up so at least we had clothing and toiletries .
te	NNS	Devon cursed loudly , and swung her easily into his arms as he began to run .
te	NNS	To prevent further disruption to morale or to The Plan , do not report today 's anomalies to anyone else .
te	NNS	The hammers struck the bells and their loud , clear sounds reverberated throughout the city .
te	NNS	They say your life flashes before your eyes but mine didn 't flash .
te	NNS	The two boys shot each other deadly glances , and then Thorne turned his attention right back to me .
te	NNS	You haven 't learned any real attack moves .
te	NNS	I exhausted those topics as much as I could , praising his strength and cleverness .
te	NN	" Well , he took a taxi to the airport , but he 's already called me twice to say he can 't get on the plane .
te	NN	She read legend lore as a hobby and began training as a biochemist .
te	NN	Patrick made a little bow .
te	NNS	" Hmm , " Sam said dubiously .
te	NNS	But I do have my resources .
te	NNS	He 'd spotted some dead blooms on his roses .
te	NN	Besides , tons of footprints marred the sawdust , probably from All the construction workers .
te	NNS	He sent scouts to find him and gave him this role .
te	NN	She saw a policeman gazing at her as she zoomed by and expected to hear a siren wailing any moment .
te	NNS	" I mean patient records from a mental institute . "
te	NNS	I 'm back ' fore the snow sets . "
te	NN	It takes no Art .
te	NN	On the radio , they heard an alarm .
te	NNS	" Get out of here , you crazy bastards !
te	NNS	It had eleven pupils at the time . "
te	NN	He idolized his parents ' strong bond .
te	NNS	They 're playing video games right now .
te	NNS	He carefully searched the barren hills , but saw no sign of life .
te	NN	I had an errand to run first .
te	NN	I picked up the chili , dragged the can opener forward .
te	NNS	What if they couldn 't trace any male descendants ? "
te	NNS	I added my bags of shit to the manure pile .
te	NNS	Magic shut the gates , but be could sometimes get out , if he was quick .
te	NNS	Mr. Deville switched gears -- finally .
te	NN	The casual thought brought a sudden awareness of his pains .
te	NNS	You don 't even have the guts to face the Council , and you consider yourself what ? "
te	NNS	I missed our late nights , both of us unable to sleep and making fun of infomercials in the early hours of the morning .
te	NN	Miranda took another swig of the wine .
te	NN	Joe noted her challenging stance and the fierceness of her glare .
te	NN	He raised his clipboard over his face and slowly backed away .
te	NNS	Ben suffered no ill effects , which she attributed to the action of Flattery 's daily dose of antidote , still in her system .
te	NNS	" Yes , sir , " said Hannah and left with Caleb .
te	NNS	" Insult my guests , Miss Turner ! "
te	NN	But I knew the trick , and fought back with my professor talk , designed to make the audience feel like intellectual inferiors .
te	NN	At least Sam had the grace to blush .
te	NNS	Simon had selected his best pupils .
te	NN	Why would she do the unthinkable ?
te	NNS	The walls have glass cabinets covering them with rows and rows of bottles and vials .
te	NN	Maybe the Mets deserve another fan in their arena . "
te	NN	Can you request a new partner because of personal issues ? "
te	NN	Jemma could feel her eyes mist .
te	NNS	I clasped the sleeves of my red sweatshirt around my hands as I made my way up the green , wooden steps of the front porch .
te	NN	He 'd end the voyage then and there and be happy to do it .
te	NNS	Nick tossed the photos and the envelope back on the table .
te	NNS	He picked out three simple little chords .
te	NN	" I haven 't given anyone the necessary encouragement .
te	NNS	Then on Saturday 's she 'd clean the apartment spotless , only to let the process start all over again come Monday morning .
te	NNS	They climbed a few flights , and Clay began to comprehend the size of the ship .
te	NNS	We followed the hoods to the lodge and also whilst they collected cash from the street dealers .
te	NN	" Good , just finished some laundry .
te	NNS	I was through playing games with these mugs .
te	NNS	The angel spread her wings and disappeared into the night sky .
te	NN	Lizzie retrieved the envelope from the bed and counted the bills .
te	NNS	It also had a few angry thorns .
te	NNS	The technician presses a few buttons and looks at a separate screen .
te	NN	" To control a particle network . "
te	NN	You could see the pure happiness in his eyes .
te	NNS	She holds my hand and electric current flows in me like power being passed on to me .
te	NNS	I had all the cool toys and all the right clothes .
te	NNS	" With your innovative laws , you have made many enemies .
te	NN	His tongue demanded entry , and I eagerly welcomed it .
te	NN	Guy handed him the rucksack .
te	NN	Polite but distant described her behavior at the party .
te	NNS	Nowadays , you never have soul mates on opposing sides - magic adapts .
te	NN	The boys had gotten the dried meat out of their pack and were having a snack , when they heard the song of a mockingbird .
te	NNS	At the top , a barricade of ancient stone walls and massive pine trees guarded the fortress .
te	NNS	The lower deck contained crew quarters forward , with bunks for three .
te	NNS	Did you witness such events when you were with him , huh , Mother ?
te	NN	She deserves a little happiness . "
te	NN	He imagined her winking at him as he gently rolled her neck from side to side .
te	NNS	Would these people never learn the lessons of history ?
te	NNS	Gretchen liked the chubby dolls , each with a small lock of hair and cherubic grin .
te	NNS	The Prince has chosen his favorites to give the women to .
te	NNS	In this sleepy haze , they show off their colors of blood red and fuchsia , loud as a siren .
te	NN	He leaned over the armor , placed his hands palms down on the chest , and pressed .
te	NN	Then he disappeared up the dusty pathway in front of me .
te	NN	For once , the beloved name hit the hard shell of her rib cage and clattered away .
te	NN	Now here it was , every fantasy she had ever dreamt of .
te	NN	Ray was leaving prison .
te	NN	She felt his body harden above her , his erection pressing into her thigh with a fierce insistence .
te	NNS	Close the gates of the monastery at once or we will be doomed ! "
te	NNS	He flipped eggs onto plates , salting them liberally before passing me some cutlery and an egged plate .
te	NN	God desires our participation in the process of creation .
te	NN	When he finished , he washed the dirty pan , plate and utensils .
te	NN	We ' ve monitored their progress .
te	NNS	He throws a few belongings in his truck and leaves town to find out , a search that takes him from Maine to Hawaii .
te	NN	He heard the muffled underground shrieking of a pack of Brownies as they pulled an unsuspecting Marsh Cat down into the Quake Ooze .
te	NN	" We have Regan 's cape .
te	NN	I saw the desperation in his eyes before he lowered his blade and stepped back .
te	NN	Paige went slack in Rusty 's grip before either of them suffered from defending her .
te	NNS	You saw the results for yourself .
te	NN	I would not want your interior getting wet . "
te	NN	" I have a recipe for pecan pie that 's a family favorite and I 'd be happy to share that , too . "
te	NN	Seth placed the hot tip of the gun against some of the shredded flesh .
te	NNS	" Good , pull the pillows away . "
te	NNS	And Matt buses tables at the Space Needle .
te	NN	She didn 't get his sudden fascination with her eating .
te	NN	Hannah pressed his T-shirt to her face as she imagined his strong arms going around her ... " Hannah ? "
te	NNS	I think maybe more regular sessions with me , plus opening up with your friends , could really reduce or even get rid of these dreams . "
te	NN	' Aubrey 's are issuing a press statement today .
te	NNS	Hart abandoned the eggs and sliced the sausage .
te	NNS	You might as well kiss all your hard work goodbye . "
te	NNS	' He may have broken bones . '
te	NN	" You have drunk the mead of poetry .
te	NN	Those who hated him had heard that same standard , condescending statement from all crooked politicians before .
te	NNS	Jacques , Pierre , Marie , and many others have put your statements into a computer system so they could be shared .
te	NNS	" Did you notify the authorities ? "
te	NNS	Someone didn 't want Amanda 's dental records pulled to identify the charred remains . "
te	NN	She didn 't leave her hostel again until the day she checked out and headed for the train station once more .
te	NNS	I pushed back the sheets and made my way to the bathroom on wobbly legs .
te	NNS	Lightening illuminated tall , ghastly white towers hidden in the towering mass .
te	NN	The flaming ball would ignite the gunpowder as soon as it touched it , launching it high into the air .
te	NNS	Reluctant to leave his comfortable bed , he kicked off his sheets and crossed to the door , the stone floor chilly beneath his bare soles .
te	NN	Sliding his shoulder against her smooth skin , he pushed her calf up onto his shoulder .
te	NNS	She had her crab cakes boxed up and picked up the check .
te	NN	The sun had finally cleared the horizon .
te	NN	" More like a mutual exchange . "
te	NN	He took his wallet from the table , not even bothering to check if its contents were intact .
te	NN	You have honour . "
te	NNS	" I do not know , " Teague said grimly .
te	NN	' Try that delivery driver Pete ' .
te	NNS	He didn 't hear the readings or the anthems or the sermon .
te	NNS	" No , I love cheese fries , chocolate milkshakes , The Killers , Metric , Lucky jeans , my mom and dad and Andrea . "
te	NNS	For a moment the ball hung motionless in mid air as its color changed to a brilliant laser red .
te	NN	That vampire blood had given her a link , however weak , to his kind .
te	NNS	You are gripping my ankles .
te	NNS	We don 't have the resources to go on two wild goose chases at once . "
te	NNS	Callie grips at my upper arm , delving her fingertips into the fabric of my shirt as she blinks her eyes at the ground .
te	NNS	Each member is allowed many luggage units hanging from the body for vital family protection .
te	NNS	You don 't study bitches .
te	NN	Thank you , mistress . "
te	NN	The barbed twine chocking her ankles and wrists , the hard , knotted twists , in one long train of bloody stain down the village square .
te	NNS	He wiggled his toes , feeling the warm , wet life-force smear through his socks .
te	NN	" I know the coroner .
te	NNS	And we have spies inside their city . "
te	NNS	Hence our similar appearances .
te	NNS	He should lose ten pounds now and not gain any more until his height catches up to his weight . "
te	NN	After all that -- -- I 'm just giving you my opinion , that 's all . "
te	NNS	Every stroke sent ripples of pleasure tingling through her as they synced up into a perfect rhythm .
te	NN	His face reflected disinterest .
te	NN	I hear her gasp .
te	NN	I dumped my bowl in the sink without pausing to wash it out .
te	NN	He blows a whistle .
te	NN	Coming to his feet , he ignored Bride 's gasp of alarm .
te	NNS	I knew the consequences that his escape would bring about .
te	NNS	We have laws , which must be upheld .
te	NNS	When I was a kid we used to have this rhyme , ' Sticks and stones can break my bones but words can never hurt me . '
te	NNS	I could hear shouts and feet pounding on the earth .
te	NN	" And I paid the tax . "
te	NNS	" You keep handcuffs with you ? "
te	NNS	She had stuck lengths of uncooked spaghetti into balls of Play-Doh .
te	NN	In the meantime , you may resume your tutoring . "
te	NN	2 With the hours I spent helping Molly , I missed supper with my sister .
te	NN	The rim has a long safety belt wrapping around my waist .
te	NNS	I couldn 't decipher his comments , but he took the liberty of marking ' other ' for my cultural background .
te	NN	" There you go , push the red button and download your driving crash course to your implant , " Hannah took the device from him .
te	NNS	' In my line of business I meet lots of people .
te	NNS	To my chagrin , most of the movies at the theater have too much ugliness in them .
te	NN	Murdoch 's jaw went slack at the scene that greeted him .
te	NNS	His wiry frame , all five feet ten inches of it , displayed the characteristics of an active person .
te	NNS	Boys did love their toys .
te	NNS	" We actually have two swords .
te	NN	Just follow the common trend of your family . "
te	NN	She 'd built her stability around accepting the worst , dealing with the pain and moving on .
te	NN	Perhaps I don 't understand your ruler " and he handed it back to Lyndon with an apologetic smile .
te	NNS	Have you had lots of practice with lots of people or just me ?
te	NNS	" Squeeze off a few rounds before she comes to .
te	NN	I felt someone crouch behind me and sweep my hair off my face .
te	NNS	" Why are you playing games , Fitch ?
te	NN	My esteem needed a boost at that moment and Brandon was the one to give it to me .
te	NN	We must plant the most aggressive invasive species available , to swallow it whole .
te	NN	" She left the keep just before the laird , " Gillie informed her helpfully .
te	NN	I recognized the T-shirt .
te	NNS	1137 knew most tasks so well that his higher logic circuits could just be switched off .
te	NNS	Something about whoever possesses a woman 's body also wins the fortress of her mind and soul .
te	NNS	Beneath the dais lay the two Immortals .
te	NN	He glanced around the shambles of his office - normally pristine , now covered in boxes , binders , and stacks of paper .
te	NN	Karma had caused his head injury for looking at a girl .
te	NN	Why I felt this way , I had no clue and it scared me most of all .
te	NNS	A soft click was followed by ... rainbows .
te	NN	I gave a silent chuckle , " Not all see the world as black and white .
te	NNS	Turn the screws . "
te	NNS	Five of them , trained , masked killers , against a lone Assassin .
te	NN	Tavi felt a sharp twinge of pain in one shoulder , cutting through the frozen agony of the ice .
te	NNS	The two teens , first reported missing last month , have led authorities on a multistate manhunt .
te	NNS	It can spread its wings to encompass a multitude of situations - each then adding up into the philosophical why - the big question .
te	NNS	They purchased two seats and frequently went to the games together .
te	NNS	Several of the assistants exchanged uncomfortable glances .
te	NN	It glittered in the light of the fire , almost transparent in places , the notch along the top edge glaringly apparent .
te	NNS	The shores back home had lots of pebbles and not the fine grains of sand .
te	NNS	Subject has received minor wounds but nothing of concern " replied one of the analysts .
te	NN	Lucy heard her rummaging in a cupboard and returned with a jar of jam , opened and about a quarter used .
te	NNS	" Those coyotes out front limited our options . "
te	NN	We have additional DNA from the severed arm which does not belong to the owner , lots of it .
te	NN	Beth pulled a sheet of paper from a folder and laid it on the desk .
te	NN	Her tone held not an ounce of judgement , but instead a world of pity and grief .
te	NNS	Her mother 's birthday was on Sunday so she made a batch of her mother 's preferred dessert , chocolate ganache frosted cupcakes .
te	NN	I used the tissue to try and stop the bleeding and I then put a bandage around it .
te	NNS	Americus coughed loudly and cleared his throat , bringing them back to the moment .
te	NN	Suddenly his fist knocks the underside of the mantelpiece .
te	NN	He didn 't need any more encouragement than that .
te	NN	I watch the press conference in my Best Western room .
te	NN	What would make a good target ?
te	NNS	Mix up the chords and sing what feels right . '
te	NN	Did you get the vibrator I sent you last week ? "
te	NN	Looking around , I found a small lounge , a bathroom inside another door , and then behind Kali , a huge freaking bed .
te	NNS	He unceremoniously dumped the two corpses into the river , then washed up and set out a large dinner on the deck table .
te	NNS	He kisses me again - deep , urgent kisses .
te	NN	Nevertheless , she hastened her stride toward the other woman 's room .
te	NN	We attack the prison like commandos and rescue your brother .
te	NNS	I hear sobs and realize they 're mine .
te	NNS	" Yes , definitely two meters and very handsome . "
te	NNS	It could somehow grant three wishes , but the shopkeeper he purchased it from had warned Mister Morris that there are consequences to what one wishes for .
te	NNS	He provides goods and services for the pickers , provided their pocketbooks are capable .
te	NNS	In Isaac 's room , she pulled back the sheets .
te	NN	Many people had already anticipated this development and it only confirmed that the rumors were true .
te	NNS	" Many Caribbean countries have waterfalls . "
te	NN	" Only Liliana and her children carry his surname . "
te	NN	A warrior does not fear violence or run from confrontations .
te	NN	Two men sat smoking on the floor nearby .
te	NN	" Want my badge ? "
te	NN	Two , grab a bunch of stylish clothes and act obnoxious trying them all on and then buy nothing under pretense that they don 't fit right .
te	NN	She caught a whiff of maple syrup and was sold .
te	NNS	They had both had worries about what the holidays would bring , but on Christmas morning they were able to enjoy the day with their boys .
te	NN	When she saw Conor 's name her heart gave an odd lurch .
te	NN	John examined the shirt dubiously .
te	NNS	" He knew the consequences when he left . "
te	NNS	' But first C if you have finished eating C you shall fill your pipes and light up .
te	NNS	You must remember , he would not attack my life choices if he did not care deeply for what he thinks is right . "
te	NN	" You didn 't leave your private lair for over a month . "
te	NNS	He ticks choices off on his fingers .
te	NNS	The car took the corners smoothly and soon Gloria was laughing , closing her eyes in exhilaration and letting the wind tangle her hair .
te	NNS	" Apologize , Michael , and then mind your manners for the remainder of our time here . "
te	NN	We can feel the spring coming , like an animal stirring lightly in its sleep , exhaling hot breath .
te	NN	She watched the scene unfold in front of her with curiosity and took a few shots of some palm trees .
te	NNS	She watched squat little characters that looked like cartoon gardening implements cavort across the screen .
te	NNS	One , this thing ate hills for breakfast .
te	NNS	He don 't hardly ever make no mistakes . '
te	NN	Hippolytus had never liked his stepmother .
te	NNS	The lawyers exchanged pleasantries and fell into a conversation that centered around the investigation .
te	NNS	" Can we make cookies ? "
te	NNS	" The first thing we must do is kill all the lawyers .
te	NNS	The contents had shaped hard surfaces .
te	NNS	He wasn 't breaking any laws .
te	NNS	I 'm just picking up some cookies for the bank employees and our customers . "
te	NNS	She had roots here , a past that grew deep into the rich black island soil .
te	NN	Give me a clue .
te	NN	He and Hermann placed the mannequin in the wagon under a tarpaulin .
te	NNS	The two junior gunners gave him pale , brave grins before turning back to the joystick controls of their weapons .
te	NNS	Get some good photos . "
te	NN	" Just pull some cash out of your account and pay him for it .
te	NN	' She was scanning the footage as I left . '
te	NN	Just undo the latches and tuck her blanket around her .
te	NN	You want my honest opinion ? "
te	NNS	But loan companies have options in case of emergencies , deferments to make repayment easier if there 's a crisis .
te	NN	Seeing the disbelief in the men 's eyes she also adds , " from reliable sources . "
te	NN	" Does she have a mental disorder ? "
te	NNS	The door opened loudly .
te	NNS	She pulled the ends of her shawl tightly across her chest , as though she were attempting to draw a cloak of privacy around herself .
te	NNS	After 8 hours of dull , physically intense work , I had 137 holes to show for it .
te	NN	No one remembers the singer .
te	NNS	A trickle of thrill stirs his hackles .
te	NN	Nick grabbed the bill from Charles .
te	NNS	Fetch the tools and let 's get started . "
te	NN	I heard Jourdain screech in a voice filled with rage , " Alfred Kropp ! "
te	NNS	" The story of the billionaire who can 't remember to gas up his expensive car did make the rounds at The Kitchen Sink diner . "
te	NN	But word had already reached the source of that cold , computerized voice .
te	NN	He showed me his mark at the hospital , so I know your Tempest parent has to be him .
te	NNS	" I love burgers . "
te	NN	" I left enough slack for the dog to get close to the cleft .
te	NNS	' What would I tell didi ? '
te	NNS	" Can it take trolls ? "
te	NN	Gray remembered Jack Kirkland 's description of the tidal turbines that powered this building .
te	NNS	Major Smythe saw the dark strings of his blood curling lazily down through the water .
te	NN	Kyle nodded his head towards Nate in case I needed an explanation .
te	NNS	Thomas ignored the extremely thinly veiled threats and proceeded to put on the top half to the ice cube .
te	NN	" We really need this interview .
te	NNS	" What produces all these vibrant colors ? "
te	NNS	My movement sends ripples across the water .
te	NN	He pushed the sheet of paper toward me so I could read it .
te	NNS	Hera moved past Zeus and began to touch a different panel .
te	NNS	I 'd searched half the states for you , and then you literally fall into my arms out of nowhere .
te	NN	Redness flashed up the underside of her wrist .
te	NN	Its pedestal featuring the symbol " " stroke Pasha 's eye .
te	NN	Edwin felt another gust of cold wind , and tried to pull his skirt down a fraction .
te	NNS	Got two drunks , two merchants , a couple of farmers , a housewife , and Lily .
te	NNS	Others had whispered rumors that her father worked with wraiths , but she 'd always thought them liars .
te	NNS	" Everyone has choices .
te	NNS	He places his fingertips on my cheek and leans in to give me the softest kiss on my lips .
te	NN	She carried a cloak of feathers across her arms .
te	NN	She took a gulp from her glass and set it down heavily .
te	NNS	She checked his charts , reassuring herself the temp nurse had done her job well , and then she sat down beside Katherine .
te	NNS	Of course , he would mention his most prized possessions .
te	NNS	It showed the true results of a fractured republic .
te	NNS	Take away her mobile phones .
te	NNS	' Our scientists are still doing tests on her .
te	NN	" How do you like the development of things ? "
te	NN	As she laid one hand upon her 180 desk , I noticed again the framed silhouette she 'd always kept nearby .
te	NNS	Here and there , in the dry earth , we saw our own footprints still there from our original trip through .
te	NN	Play a little guitar and fade into the background .
te	NN	But he was following his gut on this issue .
te	NN	He loosened his belt , yanked down his zipper , and stepped out of his shorts , leaving him standing in nothing but fitted cotton boxers .
te	NN	The second shaft struck the target truly .
te	NN	By the time she was done , Melanie had her notebook out and was scribbling notes .
te	NN	She heard his deep chuckle as she closed the door to her bedroom .
te	NN	Time rips open overhead with the sound of mountains crumbling .
te	NN	When he changed back into his stripes , he would hide the cash in his sock .
te	NNS	It left Wilfred speechless , and me wondering what exactly were Morton 's plans for distant seeing .
te	NNS	Any later , however , and the staff at the club would be out inspecting the grounds , quickly shooing him away before their guests saw him .
te	NNS	We identified the holes and started working to fix the problems .
te	NNS	While she was at her brothers , she passed the girls gifts to them .
te	NN	And keep your eyes downcast , because direct stares from strangers are considered hostile .
te	NNS	Suddenly I could see all the mysteries of the cosmos .
te	NNS	The hostiles use the weaker mystics as slaves , and there are ongoing wars between races .
te	NN	" I have this English project and it 's with Trevor .
te	NNS	Her job had other responsibilities too , some specific to her .
te	NNS	" You can 't make decisions for me when I 'm standing right here . "
te	NN	Julia stifled a sob .
te	NNS	Sebastian shook his head , humor fading from his face as he replaced his drink in the holder .
te	NNS	I could feel the wetness on my cheeks and remembered thinking back then that I had cried so many tears waiting for him to come home .
te	NNS	Evan wore his pajama bottoms , but his chest was bare , a towel slung over his shoulder .
te	NN	Scott had helped chain down the fallen angel , a skinny kid named Baruch who looked about fifteen in human years .
te	NNS	I 've taken a few jousting lessons .
te	NNS	Greg has two other siblings and we don 't want to give them another target . "
te	NN	I searched each garment as I packed , just on the off chance I would find something that would explain the hidden skull .
te	NN	Brick demonstrated the art of stillness to perfection as he settled in to his new position .
te	NN	The sun was reaching the horizon by that point and long shadows covered the ground .
te	NN	" I once made a vow to you to love you forever , and now it 's time that I make another .
te	NN	Saying it out loud was inviting ridicule from Ronan , but it was one of those facts that needed to be acknowledged .
te	NNS	He 'll even rent tents and everything .
te	NNS	" Because the brains of people with PTSD show permanent changes , and the symptoms reinforce the damage , and then the damage means more symptoms .
te	NN	The AC picked up a sheet of paper .
te	NN	" You were saying goodbye . "
te	NN	She dropped the stack of books on Zach 's coffee table and he helped her slide the heavy book bag off her shoulder .
te	NNS	She ran her fingertips down the center of Josh 's back , making him shiver .
te	NNS	Those converted motor homes ? "
te	NNS	I leaned my elbows on my knees and pressed my forehead into my knuckles .
te	NN	Hands shaking , I set my notebook down and dug around for a pen .
te	NN	" I sprained my ankle .
te	NN	He uttered a warm chuckle .
te	NNS	She saw proud cheekbones beginning to rise out of the thick husk of adolescence .
te	NN	She snapped down the lever that pulled double duty as a safety mechanism and ejection port cover and grabbed the operating handle to check the chamber .
te	NNS	I grazed my fingertips lightly over his chest , feeling the heat emanating from him under my fingertips .
te	NNS	I can kill these creatures but choose not to .
te	NN	In most cases remorse followed the abuse , so when the apologies started , they replaced their fear with affection and hope that the abuser would change .
te	NN	I don 't have service , but I do have about a hundred missed calls from my mom and three messages from my boss .
te	NN	His hand gave her knee a cursory rub .
te	NNS	Harvey 's insistence that Maxim should 've known him better than to assume the worst set off warning bells in Maxim 's head .
te	NNS	They gave their goodbyes and ended the call .
te	NNS	I 'm not playing the games to get what I want . "
te	NN	Three years ago , she had barely acknowledged his existence , except to show her contempt .
te	NNS	Holt braced his elbows on his desk and knifed his fingers restlessly through his dark blond hair .
te	NNS	This one had light green wings that beat softly against the back of the sofa .
te	NNS	All four of them had worn beige khakis and white button-down oxfords , and they were seated amid the dune grass .
te	NNS	He lowered the drawers a little .
te	NN	The dog stared longingly up at her and started to shake .
te	NN	The Whisper had arranged the transport .
te	NN	The mailman would bring the mail sack and pick up the mail deposited in the blue post box that was tucked against the wall of the consulate .
te	NNS	Alec was cooking eggs and bacon .
te	NN	Taylor signed the guest sheet and gave Kylie a tight squeeze .
te	NN	' I made that copy for you . '
te	NN	Jade was applying makeup .
te	NN	She 's spent a lifetime trying to show them that she has no mental or physical defects .
te	NNS	We wordlessly exchanged frustrated and worried glances , but remained silent .
te	NNS	I actually took some photos of the dogs , and there are some great shots of Harley . "
te	NNS	" My brother had other concerns after my father died .
te	NN	She wore a small gold crucifix that had been given to her by Carol 's father forty-two years earlier .
te	NNS	" You should have seen the repairs they made to my boat .
te	NNS	They had loads of shit on him and a few other lucky ones .
te	NNS	Highly dangerous , mute clothing thieves .
te	NNS	I 'd written several male characters based on those simple principles .
te	NNS	Blue pins represented the victim 's homes .
te	NN	Boden held a large beer mug .
te	NNS	Then he spread his wings and dropped headlong off the cliff .
te	NN	If anyone was closer , they would have seen her blush -- an uncommon event for the stoic barbarian woman .
te	NN	" Why don 't we take this discussion into the secure section ? "
te	NNS	" You 've got commitments and I 've got commitments .
te	NNS	And would you not rather have unlimited financial resources to do whatever you may want , travel wherever you may want , see whatever you may want ?
te	NNS	The new representatives don 't take their seats until January .
te	NNS	Nick held up the first few photos .
te	NN	He shouldn 't give his opinion yet .
te	NNS	Selene waited tables , so long as no meat dishes were ordered .
te	NNS	John showed me his dimples .
te	NNS	Things like silk sheets and beautiful homes , infinity pools , sunsets over the ocean , and hundred thousand dollar cars .
te	NN	He would recognize any retreat as fear of his reaction , and that would give him an advantage .
te	NN	Audrey pulled a lever on the wall down to a symbol .
te	NNS	Did that get results from some scared teenager ?
te	NN	Ted Grainger felt some apprehension as he entered the underground system .
te	NN	What he does in the compound of girls ' hostel everyday . '
te	NN	" You have the device ? "
te	NNS	Plus , I was using your snores to see if they would attract anyone . "
te	NN	Poor , dear man , carrying such a burden alone . "
te	NN	Oscar Kent 's phone bleeped a warning alarm .
te	NN	I 'd never had a fallen angel have this effect on me before .
te	NN	As the first blast of cold hit his face , he suddenly doubted the wisdom of his plan .
te	NN	My right foot hits the gas , the other slips off the clutch .
te	NN	Kids were smoking marijuana , but this wasn 't unusual .
te	NN	He knew her litany well .
te	NNS	Dane and Monti have the dingoes plotted on the map .
te	NN	" Get outta my way you bunch of bums .
te	NN	She took a long swallow , feeling instant warmth spreading out from her center .
te	NN	Most Breeder females kept their milk long after they stopped birthing young .
te	NNS	We 've both got secrets that we don 't want the other to know .
te	NNS	I have directed all local mobile units to intercept them and prevent them from getting closer . "
te	NN	I had the special , club sandwich , fries , and a bowl of steaming beef soup .
te	NNS	Did Teagan have any enemies ?
te	NN	Swiftly she opened the freezer compartment , and vapor poured out as cold air met warm .
te	NN	Or did you have a full sun ceremony without telling me ? "
te	NN	He told momma I 'd come .
te	NNS	Nate complained loudly , now flying again .
te	NN	He saw the recognition in her eyes .
te	NNS	" We 're dividing up the suspects between us , and we 'll poke and prod until we get answers .
te	NNS	They stopped for lunch and topped of the gas tank in Nephi at the base of Mount Nebo , one of Utah 's rare glaciers covered mountains .
te	NN	He chose the client .
te	NNS	They 're carrying guns !
te	NNS	They 'd sent killers after my mom .
te	NN	He undid his seatbelt and squeezed his face next to Abe 's .
te	NN	Tye hated saying good bye , but before he leaving he mumbled , " don 't die . "
te	NN	I could still feel my internal debate as I chose my final wish , remember it like a fever in my bones .
te	NN	Out of the corner of her eye , Olivia saw a tall , skinny blonde stroll up to Alexander .
te	NNS	Clearly , neither had the agents .
te	NNS	" You will wait the tables . "
te	NN	Then I typed my old address in the From field and pressed Get Directions .
te	NN	Geary didn 't miss the fleeting glimmer of rage in Arik 's eyes .
te	NNS	" Any mech units on your ship ? "
te	NNS	She immediately began the threats , and the two could tell how serious she was .
te	NNS	Silver blades of moonlight divided the angles and planes of his face .
te	NNS	It doesn 't have physical symptoms like cholera or smallpox .
te	NNS	Noah turned 180 degrees to the television reporter and said , " Call the CDC , there 's an Ebola outbreak here . "
te	NNS	Which meant the gifts he 'd given her were probably meaningless to him , as well .
te	NNS	" All his poems have loins in them . " "
te	NN	And making sure she could see , he stuck the whole cookie in his mouth .
te	NN	Douglas had his handkerchief in hand as he attempted to wipe up the blood still oozing from his nose .
te	NNS	Now , she was delivering the goods safely back home .
te	NNS	The two men on the slope yanked their guns up , but he was already moving as soon as he squeezed the trigger .
te	NNS	Secondly a big cheers to Nik , Giles and Dan for reading the drafts .
te	NN	... Tonya and I just celebrated our second wedding anniversary , but I still think about Beth every day .
te	NN	I also want a small , conservative ceremony but that will all fly out the window once Mom gets the news .
te	NNS	Hell , we want the parts that our friends get , even though they 're our friends and we should be happy for them .
te	NN	Mike let his instinct to retaliate subside before he spoke , knowing that Terry was right .
te	NNS	Remember the kinds of things they check for ?
te	NN	" This cannot go on , my dove . "
te	NNS	Expect photos , souvenirs and sentimental gifts to continue to be displayed in the home for years to come .
te	NNS	Anyone else would have been biting their tentacles off to try and get out . "
te	NN	He pressed a small object into my hand .
te	NN	I followed her lead shakily .
te	NN	We cannot eat meat .
te	NN	It made her edgy and downright bitchy .
te	NNS	" Let 's just say that Mac and I disagreed as to when you should meet your mate , " Gregor responded vaguely .
te	NNS	" We had one-way radios for several years .
te	NN	Chapter 2 Luke dropped an envelope on Ned 's workbench in his mechanics shed about a half hour before lunch .
te	NNS	I check the final touches of my new dress , hearing the conversation downstairs .
te	NN	Jude had mastered the art of inflection ; these words were no exception .
te	NN	A little more pop and Albert would have had a bullet in his lung . "
te	NNS	I can hear Faye 's faint sobs .
te	NN	' By degrees I made a discovery of still greater moment .
te	NN	She smothered a cough of surprise .
te	NNS	Do not speak loudly or rise suddenly from your chair until the prisoners have left the room .
te	NNS	Jeff took the pills from Rita and tossed them in his mouth .
te	NNS	" I 've got three suspects and I can 't really get a handle on anyone . "
te	NNS	Once everything has settled , we will change the laws and the Elixir will be no more .
te	NN	" I don 't have a black belt in karate . "
te	NN	I have a genius IQ , yet I could not find the words .
te	NN	It had a slight sneer to it , that annoyed me and disturbed me .
te	NN	He should have had a bullet in his head a year ago , but no , they wanted his DNA .
te	NN	When she only stared at him , he held up the satchel .
te	NNS	When she and Liz bumped into each other , they 'd exchange quick , uncomfortable glances and move on .
te	NN	She brushes his tail away from her face .
te	NNS	I nodded again speechless .
te	NNS	" Or have the goblins lost their taste for battle ? "
te	NN	Louise was giving the little girl more ammunition to use against her mother with each word she spoke .
te	NN	" I need a challenge .
te	NNS	Having been taken by surprise , the men immediately turned their guns on the boys .
te	NN	" Alex , " said Papa .
te	NN	" We 've got just enough fuel to get to her .
te	NN	It allowed the government to be the bad guy while they set limits on their children 's phone use .
te	NN	Glass littered the gravel pathway and bore testament of a desperate attempt to stay alive .
te	NNS	Couldn 't he determine its values and its meanings ?
te	NNS	" We don 't have unlimited resources .
te	NN	He closed the laptop .
te	NNS	You can rip the buttons from his shirt another day .
te	NN	Days later , Kelly made a strange discovery in the corner of the bedroom wall near a row of shelves .
te	NNS	Tucker no longer needed his binoculars to track its zigzagging race through the dunes .
te	NN	Well I have some clue .
te	NN	Iris wore a white cloak , carrying The Basics of Light Magic in her right hand .
te	NNS	Somehow , too , the journalist had smuggled spies inside two temples .
te	NNS	" I hate guns .
te	NN	He used the hand ax to cut the board into slivers , to use as kindling .
te	NN	Shouldn 't she feel more possessive of her dates ?
te	NN	" You haven 't sounded the alarm ; I won 't sneak out in an empty elevator while my staff stay behind in ignorance .
te	NN	As soon as I knew it was fully uploaded , I sent a copy to my father and to Catherine .
te	NN	He unwrapped my belt from his hand , put it around my neck , and used it to pull me toward him .
te	NNS	She twirled the ends around her fingers .
te	NN	' Blast , ' declared the vicar , ' I forgot the orange juice .
te	NN	He dropped the prescription on the bedside table .
te	NNS	They then converted the remaining two bedrooms into guest rooms .
te	NNS	Terrance sat speechless and looked prepared to stay that way for sometime .
te	NNS	It contained files of multiple case briefs .
te	NNS	" Why the hell did I want all these damn pillows ?
te	NN	No-one attending the workshops , he mused , could ignore his immense influence , charisma and determination .
te	NN	She had to give the man credit , he definitely knew his forte .
te	NN	Someone put a strong heat source against the back of it .
te	NN	She unbuckled her own seatbelt , crossed the aisle , and put her hand on the girl 's forehead .
te	NN	Then she touched the tip of Emily 's nose , turned around , and disappeared through the sliding door .
te	NN	I captured the icon between my fingers .
te	NN	Celeste felt a blush as Jake took her by the hand and led her into the jungle .
te	NN	From behind he heard the creak of a door hinge and his head turned to greet the sound .
te	NNS	He couldn 't see anything distinctly in the trees .
te	NN	I unclip my seat belt and turn down the music .
te	NNS	His younger brothers exchanged uneasy glances .
te	NNS	And the vulture and the raven will clean my bones , thought Spider .
te	NNS	The only items on the menu I figured he would be able to handle were mashed potatoes , Jell-O and ice cream .
te	NNS	Many people have no symptoms at all , not until the very end . "
te	NNS	I am convinced he was a young man when my father was born , " Hans said grimly .
te	NN	The last time , you dropped a bunch of crumbs that melted and it looked like shit all over my sheets . "
te	NNS	A few threw a few last glances back , but I was safe .
te	NN	One brings 'em in , the other gives them a healthy dose of the fear .
te	NNS	I arranged the pillows under the blanket to make it look as if Peter was still sleeping .
te	NN	Mama reached into her pocket , pulled out a rumpled white envelope .
te	NN	" Why do you use that technique ? "
te	NN	They said goodbye laughingly , knowing it would be all right .
te	NN	They 'd pushed compassion through her .
te	NN	Carolyn took a long swallow .
te	NNS	He will have photos of Barclay of course , but they won 't be enough .
te	NN	I took the jug from her without even saying thank you and she left .
te	NN	" He fears the disorder that comes from differences . "
te	NNS	' The civilians have plastered posters of Day on the walls .
te	NN	He walked his weary mount back to the wagon to give it the company of the mules drawing it .
te	NN	Natalie took the badge .
te	NN	I set a stack of files aside .
te	NN	Not giving me the option , Michael grabs my h * ps and pulls me down hard on his mouth .
te	NNS	From there he trailed kisses up her neck , nibbled on her earlobe .
te	NNS	You have all kinds of investment property in your client base .
te	NNS	They found seats in a corner booth .
te	NNS	" He 's also been paying your expenses . "
te	NN	The man would have made a good spy .
te	NNS	You used White Eagle dolls to enslave unexpected chicks by using occult powers like voodoo .
te	NN	I choked back a sob .
te	NN	" He must have a broker 's license or know someone who does .
te	NN	He showed his happiness by dancing around and playing , shoving MacNeil with his head and generally acting like any four-year-old .
te	NNS	She would also receive all new grooming products .
te	NN	I dab foundation over it , but the make-up isn 't really doing its job .
te	NN	I couldn 't find your address . "
te	NNS	All around them , stalagmites and stalactites formed misshapen beasts that added to her discomfort .
te	NNS	She 'd never seen this many teenagers in one place before .
te	NN	The foreman spun around crazily at the corral fence , his face a mask of confusion .
te	NN	They had no clue as to what had happened to Christian and her mind kept replaying Kate 's words .
te	NNS	That evening I learned the differences between the two types of poetry in Chile .
te	NN	He 's reading a grudge against the local law man . "
te	NN	As my mother lay dying , she finally saw the angel who watched over her , but it was too late .
te	NNS	We 've done several tests and are watching for swelling on the brain for the next seventy two hours .
te	NNS	Next time you 're in charge of the lives of thousands of people , you can make decisions quickly if you want .
te	NNS	" Even so , I sent Eros back with more offerings for Julian .
te	NN	I held the sheet with one hand and walked to his side of the desk .
te	NN	Instead of hunting down the Bane .
te	NNS	I could see the splotches of red appearing on her neck and chest .
te	NNS	A self-published author , Mattie has pursued several useless degrees to support this dream , and presently enjoys teaching the dying art of public speaking .
te	NN	Plus , should matters dictate , take up your wand and write the word ' flee ' in the air . '
te	NNS	" Umm , just some solar flare-ups we 've been documenting , " he said vaguely .
te	NN	He even has a volume of essays with that title .
te	NN	Ignore my cautious comrade .
te	NN	She avoided complete seclusion .
te	NNS	He put his elbows on the table and leaned forward .
te	NN	When Roxie didn 't quickly agree , she tried one more tactic .
te	NN	" You haven 't got a headache , have you ? "
te	NNS	And since I could never choose the Troika , the process of elimination left the rebels .
te	NN	Right now he could have used a starlight instead of the infrared , so he could tell exactly what they 'd dived behind .
te	NN	I pushed my gin off to one side of the table , having lost my thirst for it .
te	NNS	Domenico noticed the beads of sweat forming on Rebecca 's forehead and smiled .
te	NNS	" I don 't want any favors from you . "
te	NN	He had often noted the blush when she said something to him .
te	NNS	" If you survive the game show , I shall grant your wishes .
te	NN	I adjust and hope I can avoid further embarrassment by not getting a hard-on during this training session .
te	NN	She wore a white glove on one hand , but seemed to be trying to hide it from view .
te	NN	' Don 't cry my lovely Daisy .
te	NNS	Hair hastily tied back , several strands escaping .
te	NNS	" Lance doesn 't need any lessons from Keith ! "
te	NNS	" You must not tell the villagers . "
te	NNS	Compared to Danny 's hers seemed oppressive and given that the sun moved off her window after first light it always had a slight dampness to it .
te	NNS	They all had different gifts .
te	NN	I do not have the slightest clue of what came over me that night ... one too many Stephen King books I suppose .
te	NN	After taking Ellen to day camp , she opened the bookstore .
te	NNS	The blonde made the introductions , giving them both a smile .
te	NN	He thrust the coil of rope at them .
te	NNS	I have done lots of bios on local people , mostly our local oddballs .
te	NN	He handed Mira her Jumping Sword , then Cole his bow and his sword .
te	NN	" I can call a cab , really .
te	NN	We discussed strategy as we walked .
te	NNS	If anything happened to Shawn , he would have two organizations to answer to .
te	NNS	" But I have seen its effects , and have collected several separate reports .
te	NN	Massaging her temple , she picked up her laptop from the front desk and proceeded to her room for about twenty Motrin and some peace .
te	NN	The teachers are formulating an opinion and will report to me in a few days . "
te	NNS	" Mashed sweet potatoes too ?
te	NN	Jace twisted the tip of the blade in her back .
te	NNS	Back at the vehicle impound , Detective Tom ( and now Detective Larry ) inspected the tires .
te	NN	And she knew the incredible importance of contacting me as soon as possible , if anything did happen .
te	NN	He touches the tomb .
te	NN	He indicated a jug of blood that was perched on a shelf .
te	NNS	Across from me , Mad Rogan sat motionless in the circle .
te	NNS	I eyed the Librarian captives .
te	NNS	I picked ten dresses that I thought would look stunning on Ellery .
te	NN	Are these new clones Your project ?
te	NNS	" Do wolves eat their mates ? "
te	NN	I had no clue .
te	NNS	They probably couldn 't give him the two tickets fast enough .
te	NNS	" Saving nuns and orphans ? "
te	NNS	She 'd made so many mistakes , and sleeping with Chad was near the top of that list .
te	NN	Glancing down , he took stock of his injuries .
te	NNS	They also secured the eastern ends of all the bridges along the eastern border leading into the Jackson Purchase .
te	NNS	The curves of his muscles wrapped around his limbs in perfect proportion to his height .
te	NNS	It couldn 't hide belongings like mine could .
te	NNS	We eventually left the green valleys of France and began climbing upwards .
te	NNS	He caught elbows and knees and he darted through any gap he could find in oncoming traffic .
te	NNS	His majesty has bigger concerns .
te	NN	She got the cigarette smoking and coughed .
te	NNS	Share these little adventures with us . "
te	NN	We made a vow . "
te	NNS	You could have grandparents in the area . "
te	NN	Given the choice of continued walking , or chancing the climb , the Professor considered the ladder .
te	NNS	She rested her elbows on her knees , and held her chin against the knuckles of her clasped hands .
te	NNS	He strolled calmly and purposely towards the blackjack tables .
te	NNS	He gazed along both ends of the Strip and left the office with the package .
te	NN	She narrowed her eyes , more exasperated with the chink in her resolve than with him .
te	NNS	She 'd given up lots of her time all year for me .
te	NN	Suddenly , they ceased their beating .
te	NNS	She drew off her long gloves and tore open the placket of his breeches .
te	NNS	Apart from a few broken plates we 've weathered the jolts quite well .
te	NNS	They took their seats near the middle of the bus , all on one side , just as they normally did .
te	NNS	Melanie showed him the disappearing footprints , the empty license plate holder , the keys in the ignition .
te	NNS	Alien rebels and humans who are working against the loyalists .
te	NNS	He stopped the hostess .
te	NN	I just opened this email account recently .
te	NNS	I 've made mistakes .
te	NN	He considered that thoughtfully for a moment .
te	NN	She adjusted her seat belt so she could turn a little more toward him .
te	NNS	He doesn 't speak loudly , but he doesn 't make any attempt to lower his voice , either .
te	NNS	A quiet college town the day before , Helena now rivaled the bowels of hell .
te	NN	Ava handed him his sandwich and drink and took her spot next to him on the couch .
te	NN	" Only the big bosses have access to a code like that . "
te	NN	Peter wore a large fake beard and I had used makeup to darken his pale skin , I wore the clothing of a slave .
te	NN	After Jacqueline , the first wife , died , Carlisle married her college roommate and best friend .
te	NN	I feel your complete acceptance of me .
te	NNS	The stable contained sixteen stalls on each side .
te	NN	They must have access to copiers , to paper , to messengers .
te	NNS	She handed me the pillows , turned , and then exited the room .
te	NN	This time , Raiden had no sarcasm or growled advice .
te	NN	Brian Hacker pulled the coach smoothly around the obstructing car .
te	NNS	He 'd give her little kisses and hugs throughout the night .
te	NNS	A crane carefully stacked 9,200 metallic 20-foot long containers on the deck like piles of bricks .
te	NNS	As the crowd quickly gave up trying to dry out , they noticed the rows of plastic seats facing the stage and eagerly sat down .
te	NNS	I had seen these kinds of weapons before .
te	NN	Gumshoe ran down the left flank .
te	NN	In fact , no one other than The Ancients has ever seen our planet .
te	NN	She started dancing behind him , embarrassing him more .
te	NN	Douglas could taste the sulphurous mist like rancid meat .
te	NN	Three minutes later , I saw a momentary flicker of red and blue lights on the horizon .
te	NN	You have the leadership gene . '
te	NN	How could he take her innocence knowing he was going to leave her ?
te	NNS	He grabbed her ankles and pleaded with her to stop talking as she grinned with an evil look on her face .
te	NN	Alexandra automatically named the source of the quotation .
te	NNS	The only thing I insisted on was keeping my current pajamas .
te	NNS	" Remember your momma 's lessons on being a gentleman . "
te	NNS	" While the barn sounds simply lovely , I 'll bring my bags into the guest room . "
te	NN	The burden of running the kingdom took a heavy toll on me .
te	NN	She gave him a mock frown .
te	NN	' But we cannot eat them as well as walk on them , ' He threw some fuel on the fire and slumped down beside it .
te	NN	" Perhaps you could tell the representative from Moscow ? "
te	NN	He nuzzled the mark , then bit gently over it , eliciting a shiver from his mate .
te	NNS	My father plucked four , black suitcases from the conveyor belt and motioned for me to grab two of them .
te	NNS	They said their good-byes and Agatha dressed for the Snow Ball .
te	NN	Matt waved an annoyed spatula in the air , but winked at me before turning back to the stove .
te	NN	Every night , I would read another chapter or two , before using the photo as a bookmark .
te	NN	He would turn his back on his own people , throw away his title , his riches , his power , everything for Zoe .
te	NNS	The constables drew their swords .
te	NNS	She 's had early failures and spectacular successes .
te	NN	Victoria felt claws scrape over her shoulders , grab at her hair , and set her horse to squealing and stumbling beneath her .
te	NN	I grabbed my Olivia Outcast journal from my suitcase and put it in my backpack , and we finally headed out the door .
te	NN	" I have broken no rules , " he told the goddess .
te	NN	He spooned a generous portion of shredded Parmesan over my entree and took a seat at the opposite end of the table .
te	NN	And you can stop an asteroid in free fall !
te	NN	She brought him a cigar , which she lit with expertise .
te	NN	He blithely waved a dismissal .
te	NN	I imagined my scarf , wrapped around his hand ; how lucky it was to be so close to him .
te	NN	He clicked an icon on Andy 's computer .
te	NN	Then she unbuckled her gun belt .
te	NNS	Not Gregor calling to say he had the files , but Vivian .
te	NNS	They passed a crossroads .
te	NN	A mask gives one such liberty that you would be astonished at the outrageous behaviour of some of the people at a masquerade .
te	NNS	" Can we put the bags in the car first ? "
te	NNS	Perform the moves with conviction !
te	NNS	We took our seats at the enormous cypress table and Owen whispered to me after a few bites .
te	NN	I could just strip down my clothing .
te	NN	She pulled the gold symbol from her blouse and slapped it on Dean 's shoulder .
te	NN	We still have some meat left , see ? "
te	NN	Born took a translating device from the shelf and attached it to himself .
te	NN	The world changed hue , painted in shades of black and grey .
te	NN	If his subconscious was traumatized , it might explain his lack of control in reading trace energies .
te	NNS	" She 's been defending the aliens since they first appeared .
te	NN	You could run a marathon right now .
te	NNS	' The coroner found traces of blood under the victim 's fingernails .
te	NN	He picked up his smartphone and leaned back against the front of the desk .
te	NNS	Closing the car door , he ignored the curious glances of the students as he moved toward her with mesmerizing , easy grace .
te	NNS	Valeria felt the punches , so she quickly protected herself with a cross arm block .
te	NN	Light from Amy 's Stone flooded through the growing crack into the next room like the running of the bulls .
te	NNS	" We have encountered zombies near the road at every turn .
te	NNS	He picked up his heavy suitcases .
te	NN	He brought the device to his face with visible effort and placed the clear patch over his left eye .
te	NNS	' Not for the ones in saggy cardigans with half a dozen hankies stuffed up their sleeves . '
te	NN	Releasing the winch hook , she grabbed the chain and swung in a long , fast arc smashing into the men with her feet extended .
te	NN	As I put away her clean underwear , I noted the absence of the pile of naughty pictures of herself she had kept underneath her bras .
te	NN	You can even change your career if you want .
te	NNS	Not while I 'm here to stop her , Anton thought grimly , and went to go after her .
te	NNS	" We will have scouts watching for her all along the river .
te	NNS	" Can I give you your gifts now ? "
te	NN	How did that get past HR at Farrell ? "
te	NNS	In each place he instructed the locals on crop implementation .
te	NNS	When the script closed , it deleted all the files .
te	NN	" I have a black scarf that would look good with that outfit , too .
te	NN	His hand cupped her breast over her bra , his thumb rubbing against her nipple and Julia instantly melted .
te	NN	I 'm not getting on the scales for a week , " I followed up , diving headfirst into my beloved chocolate fondant .
te	NN	I ignore my mantra as it only serves to confuse me further at this point .
te	NN	" You take chemistry ? "
te	NN	His face looked grave .
te	NNS	Maggie Young was pulling up her big girl panties !
te	NNS	Half the people in the lobby had press passes and half had NASA photo IDs around their necks .
te	NNS	The encyclopedia had major flaws , but those were precisely the aspects that appealed to members of the Pastoral Church of Divine Light and Glory .
te	NN	Then I might as well eat a silver bullet , before I started eating my way through the citizens .
te	NN	" I 'll put makeup on you , too . "
te	NNS	Calmly , he pushes the buttons , again .
te	NN	" Actually , now that I think about it , I read a passage in an old book one time .
te	NN	He moved down the slope .
te	NNS	Stella stacked notebooks over the corners to hold it open .
te	NNS	The chairs , also white , had very high backs that provided a small measure of privacy for diners .
te	NNS	The landlord was yelling curses at him , but the crowed merely jeered and cheered him on .
te	NNS	Percival 's steel shod hooves hammered into the ground with a hard clap that made even Mal 's belly roll and protest .
te	NN	I sent him a copy of our passenger list and stated clearly it was the same , both at embark and disembark . "
te	NN	We have taken from him his very identity and given it to another man .
te	NN	You have done a great service for your country .
te	NN	" Huh , " Jericho mumbled thoughtfully .
te	NN	He made it a soft statement .
te	NNS	They used their sleeves or cloaks to protect their hands , but even then the heat soon become unbearable .
te	NN	So we purchase a total darkness infra red scope with 5x magnification , good for surveillance up to 150 metres .
te	NN	They both felt a bond forming .
te	NN	" You want an explanation ?
te	NN	I felt an intense jolt and for the first time in weeks , I felt alive .
te	NN	Mary had her axe strapped to her back and a single dagger holstered at her side .
te	NNS	Then I tore the sleeves from my shirt and wrapped them loosely around his arm .
te	NN	" Perhaps he took offense when she tried to fend off his attentions .
te	NNS	A true inspiration to the rest of us lowly mortals . "
te	NN	To make matters worse , he felt the tingling fading from his skin as he knelt at the pyramid 's opening .
te	NNS	As the clay breaks down in the water it releases small amounts at a time .
te	NN	Her hair was soft on her shoulders , teasing the silky fabric of her dress .
te	NN	he said , a bright glint in his eyes .
te	NNS	I 've learned a few hard lessons . "
te	NN	She turned off the hair dryer and laid it on the countertop with the brush .
te	NNS	" They were hired ' People 's Sentinel ' thugs . "
te	NN	He carried a round Roman shield .
te	NN	Daniel relinquished his rather squashed prize , and then regrettably wiped his palm on his breeches .
te	NN	No one makes pumpkin pie like Delia Redford . "
te	NN	I saw nothing but fighting , harpies apparently intent on wiping out the Pack in one fell swoop .
te	NNS	" Don 't you have the records here ? "
te	NNS	I just put new tires on her . "
te	NN	Above me , I could see Orion 's belt ; just over the horizon on the water , Venus had appeared and glowed a heavy white .
te	NNS	" Third honey , " I hugged Tomas .
te	NN	The colonel 's blase answer lit the fuse to Conrad 's anger .
te	NN	Anderson opened the next dispatch and almost immediately became agitated .
te	NNS	" I have convinced my principles in this action without use of deceit .
te	NN	The creature wore a long white cloak with large open sleeves .
te	NNS	Take off your cloaks , gentlemen .
te	NNS	He gave them endless lists of the materials he wanted , the fabrics , the sculptures for the fountains , even the flowers , the potted trees .
te	NNS	The guy that 's with him slaps Green Eyes in the back of the head .
te	NN	His face went slack .
te	NNS	" Did they catch the bastards who did it ? "
te	NN	I should have killed the bastard long ago !
te	NNS	I deliver pizzas to Brian . "
te	NN	" I had a gash on my head .
te	NNS	" That two-headed calf , " Cartwright said vaguely .
te	NN	I let out a chuckle .
te	NN	" You can 't take bread . "
te	NN	Besides , the idiot office manager who 'd hired her should have the honor .
te	NN	I picked another leaf and started again .
te	NNS	That gives me all kinds of rights . "
te	NNS	We 'd integrated environmental concerns into the hard materials we used in construction , so we had that angle to promote as well .
te	NN	" I know the principal at Dalton .
te	NNS	When would we know the effects of that kiss ?
te	NNS	It had twin hanging rails with six file dividers made of thin yellow cardboard slung between them .
te	NN	They each took a long swig , and Horace wrapped his paws around the casing and began a very careful lapping of his share .
te	NNS	He spent most evenings with Maryellen .
te	NN	I pulled the trigger and mouthed poof right in Wes 's face and smirked .
te	NNS	I heard explosions . "
te	NN	They had an impressive arsenal built up between the two teams as well as vehicles for winter , small planes , and a helicopter .
te	NN	" So I don 't know the criminal underworld .
te	NN	A man who 's born a general doesn 't have nearly the grasp of things a man who 's worked his way up through the ranks has .
te	NNS	The exercise did nothing discernible ; the pain in her neck wasn 't going away that easily .
te	NN	He wanted the reassurance of her physical response and the peace of mind that always came afterward .
te	NNS	Most of the diners had vacated their seats and were standing to one side watching .
te	NNS	They raised their swords and ran to attack .
te	NNS	He takes many wives hoping to produce a son worthy of his kingdom .
te	NNS	And she was raising a fuss .
te	NNS	His first sip , as always , recalled dinners with Lily and the contrast between then and now brought tears to his eyes .
te	NNS	I wiggle my toes in the sand and say , " Can 't buy me love . "
te	NNS	Would they find my lists and break out the stakes to stab into my chest or the long , sharp swords to behead me ?
te	NN	" I have built a long career on paying no heed to personal feelings or to selfish considerations . "
te	NN	He had found the library tucked away on the second floor of the nursery wing .
te	NN	She had no clue where his room was .
te	NN	He certainly deserved happiness .
te	NN	As they crested the tall hill , Emma let out a gasp .
te	NN	That should do the trick . "
te	NN	He 'd offered no explanation , and the fury in his eyes had warned all of them not to ask .
te	NNS	The tequila went the rounds until it was finished .
te	NN	We need a miracle . "
te	NNS	But the advantages outweighed the concerns .
te	NN	He just could never tell his room mate back in the States about being in a boy band .
te	NN	Every bump sent a lance of pain through my side , and my breath came in short , agonizing gasps .
te	NNS	They unlock my shackles , letting them fall to the floor .
te	NN	And her father showed his lack of the emotion with every departure he made .
te	NN	She softened her stance and allowed herself to smile benignly back .
te	NN	At this rate I 'd need clearance from Chase , too .
te	NNS	Ashe dumped his bags on the bed and looked around .
te	NNS	" It 'll go lots faster . "
te	NNS	There she was shown a great many rotted limbs and fallen trees , many of which were now home to rats , serpents and spiders .
te	NNS	Clearly up for anything , his Sonia , drinking copious amounts of cider .
te	NNS	The soldiers raised their rifles and prepared to fire .
te	NNS	Maybe she was playing video games with them .
te	NN	There we shall have some leisure to talk on these matters . "
te	NNS	That changed the test results dramatically .
te	NNS	Larry shut the gates as he instructed .
te	NNS	When they got back to the plaza , they had their medicine bags and their weapons laid out and ready to go .
te	NN	Remember that big studio scandal ? "
te	NNS	She gathered up tips from other patrons and returned to the register , tucking some bills in the drawer .
te	NNS	" They 're taking our toys , brother .
te	NNS	I 've invited your aunts , Hope and Charity , your mother 's sisters , not surprisingly , as well as some cousins .
te	NNS	" Mom , I 'm fine , " Sys brushed off her motherly concerns .
te	NN	They bumped his wheelchair , stepped in front of his path , and generally drove him crazy .
te	NNS	In the guard 's station , two Titans were laughingly making bets about the prisoners .
te	NN	Half closing his brown eyes , Pierce answered finally , saying , " He 's got community service today . "
te	NN	Judson played the light beam across the body .
te	NN	On the redwood deck , Greg Sloan ground out his cigar , stood and did a full body stretch .
te	NN	She passed Liam the sandwich warily .
te	NNS	It immediately sprouted wings , then floated above his shoulder and stayed there .
te	NN	She grabbed her shawl , purse , and the wedding present and walked out the door , ready to try this wedding business again .
te	NNS	These other Philistines girded their loins for battle .
te	NN	" Right now I don 't need a physical distraction .
te	NNS	" They belong to you , " she said distinctly .
te	NNS	I hung Jackie 's choices on a bare stretch of racks , eyeing them up dubiously .
te	NN	Pigeon has a walkie-talkie . "
te	NN	I obtained from my mother a respite of some weeks .
te	NN	He could only alleviate that notion by proving him wrong .
te	NNS	Flattery pulled the corporate strings , denying air time before the first can was shot .
te	NN	But he still regretted Creek 's abrupt departure .
te	NN	Each person took a copy of the motion and kept passing it while she spoke , " The tax rates are higher in Doria , yes .
te	NN	Master Boone lowered his stance and darted toward Dorian .
te	NN	Taking up the full Grizzly form , Henry braced a paw on the wall and looked in the window .
te	NN	With a timid push , she nudged the door ajar and received the biggest shock of the night .
te	NNS	" Put the guns on the counter and slide them this way .
te	NNS	She noticed her two canines were ... sharp .
te	NNS	The House and Senate Committees had laid apart their differences and gathered together for the hearings .
te	NNS	The next time the Dark Knight came , he bought three quarters of the liquor distributing it to the villages .
te	NN	She had a hostage .
te	NNS	" I 've been changing tires since I could walk . "
te	NNS	Even the enemies have spies for us ! "
te	NNS	Many editors offered suggestions and then took a chance to bring these stories before the public .
te	NNS	He stuffed the panties into his back pocket and she fought a grin .
te	NN	He wanted her acceptance .
te	NN	- We got the result today .
te	NNS	They said their goodbyes and Azalea watched Dez 's car pull away .
te	NNS	Finally , her brain overrode her loins , and she pulled away from him .
te	NN	Did she detect a glimmer of sympathy in his eyes ?
te	NNS	Why wasn 't he heeding warnings that were so clear ?
te	NNS	Hands that had saved lives , cured epidemics , uncovered untold secrets of the human body .
te	NNS	He checked all the stalls .
te	NN	" They 're enjoying a much needed vacation .
te	NNS	She could use her healing gifts enough to help .
te	NNS	" Getting some tips on how to keep your ponytail looking all nice and shiny ? "
te	NNS	I 'll get the tickets and I 'll have one of our men come along .
te	NN	I had no clue , and I didn 't say a word about it to the NIA . "
te	NNS	He tested his limbs and discovered that nothing seemed broken .
te	NN	Suzan , tell everybody I 've taken Cassie home .
te	NNS	Luther spilled his guts , and by the time he finished Riley Albritton was roaring with laughter .
te	NN	Gregori examined the weariness in her mind .
te	NNS	She dabs the corners of her eyes with her fingertips and blinks the tears back .
te	NNS	The wind caused strands of her hair to come loose but did little to cool her off .
te	NN	It took every ounce of my self-restraint not to run to Jason .
te	NN	She heard the whispering of the sea through the open window .
te	NNS	I didn 't trust those impulses .
te	NN	Cardigan Man dragged a stool towards their table .
te	NNS	She stepped over the panties and saw the rest of her clothes , scattered on the floor like she was a messy college girl .
te	NN	After a few moments , he broke off the embrace to perform another round of leaping celebrations .
te	NNS	Gaia felt no ill effects yet so she moved toward her .
te	NN	Icy tentacles of fear tightened every muscle -- and yet Allie 's first instinct , even now , was to let him in .
te	NN	By this time the boats with the last of the coins and booty had left the shore and were almost back at the ships .
te	NNS	" Vampires and their games ... " " This doesn 't look like the outcome of a game , " Clary said .
te	NN	We just never had that much meat around for me to realize it .
te	NNS	I shed any lingering traces of doubt like an old skin and prepared for the next stage in my life .
te	NN	Esther let out a gasp .
te	NN	' Wake up mate !
te	NN	" Once you have done this , pass the pan to a person who has not yet wafted it . "
te	NN	This gave the boys a new clue .
te	NN	He chuckled dryly , then blew a puff of smoke into the air .
te	NNS	" All of the girls wear tacky satin dresses covered in rhinestones , and all of the guys come up behind them and freak dance . "
te	NNS	Sean grabs my ankles and pulls me back over the edge of the bed so my legs are on the floor .
te	NN	Julia had turned her ankle walking back into the house .
te	NN	She clutched the sheet to her chest and listened to him moving around in the sitting area .
te	NN	McBride adjusted the sheet , which is the rope governing the amount the boom can travel .
te	NNS	I think scars , too .
te	NNS	They 'd never had permits .
te	NNS	" But a roll doesn 't make up for a cell phone , " Sali stuffed spaghetti in his mouth .
te	NN	And he made a vow .
te	NNS	" That 'll fill a few seats in the house . "
te	NNS	" The rope has many uses .
te	NN	" Can we practice our honeymoon again before the boys get up ? "
te	NN	Like you could see as far as the particles that make up the tail of the comet .
te	NNS	Under the red light , I could see scars all over the man 's face .
te	NNS	So , to distinguish those ready to be slaughtered , we stain the backs of their hands with red ink when they 're ready .
te	NN	Not only did you free a slave , you freed your sister 's slave .
te	NN	I looked at him intently , " What if I got hurt ?
te	NN	Something in the creature 's saliva is prohibiting that bond , however , and not allowing my flesh to heal .
te	NNS	Through an agonizing haze , she manipulated the controls as she had seen them do , finding the energy for it somehow .
te	NNS	The wind ripped a few strands of hair from her braid , and she tucked them behind her ears .
te	NN	" Can I get that mace ?
te	NN	Her mind needed the reassurance of a mind touch with Mikhail .
te	NN	" We know the trick of the shadow .
te	NN	Imagine a beautiful ice goddess who decides whether or not she wants them in her realm . "
te	NN	We reached an impasse , and I could see her hesitating , her eyes darting around , as she tried to grasp for something else to say .
te	NNS	Twenty-two of them sat their saddles , even if some were bandaged and sat badly .
te	NN	Reynolds found his headset , jammed it down on his head .
te	NNS	' Sounds a bit pretentious !
te	NN	The others drank goat milk .
te	NN	Which planet are you living on ? "
te	NNS	Something in his father 's tone raised the hackles on the back of Franco 's neck .
te	NNS	I had sent many wishes down into the ebony abyss , hoping they would someday come true .
te	NNS	" I heard a few snatches here and there . "
te	NNS	I brushed a few strands of hair out of my face and focused on the room .
te	NNS	They have resources we will need to get into the palace . "
te	NNS	" They have guns ? "
te	NN	' Why don 't you wake everybody up , father ? '
te	NN	" How can you call yourself a leader of our people when you stand up for a witch over your own kind , own blood ? "
te	NNS	" Your grandmother didn 't pull any punches .
te	NN	Taking a deep breath , she stopped dancing and slid her hand up his chest to where she felt his heart pumping .
te	NNS	' Trick or treat , ' hissed Zeus , leaning forwards until he was barely a foot away from him .
te	NNS	Andra felt the rays of the suns on her face , like the blast from a blaze cannon .
te	NN	Drew traced her collar bone , sucking on her pounding pulse , as he moved faster in and out of her folds .
te	NNS	President Davis activated the Star Wars satellites and blasted the Canadian communication satellites from the orbit .
te	NN	" This rifle has tremendous accuracy and a range of about fifty yards .
te	NNS	Got some results back for you , boss . '
te	NNS	Nora and three other teachers lead the groups through the Whistler village .
te	NNS	Not every werewolf likes shifters . "
te	NN	When I 'd risked using all the hot water , I flipped off the faucet and wrapped myself in a fluffy towel .
te	NNS	A ringing noise burst his ear drums : they were in the middle of a firefight with Russian KGB agents sent to intercept the Israelis .
te	NNS	The building held over ten billion records covering the span of American history , cataloged and stockpiled in the nine hundred thousand square feet of storage space .
te	NNS	The father dug ditches in the scorching sunlight while his long-dead grandmother yelled at him .
te	NNS	And when I drove into the bright afternoon sunshine , it just looked bruised .
te	NNS	They 'll bankrupt the tobacco companies . "
te	NNS	Katie designed the invitations and sent them out .
te	NNS	In the VIP booth high above Warren Table says , " These people are fucking idiots ! "
te	NNS	The shadow watched her still , expressionless as a stone once again .
te	NN	Now they walked up a gently sloping ledge .
te	NN	She 'd also promised him not just an interview , but a possible exclusive in return .
te	NNS	The liquid fed the small ice pods , slowly staining them a pale amber .
te	NN	Behind them Grace finally recovered the demo they 'd posted from the second bag .
te	NNS	" I 've got lawyers I 'm paying to stop him .
te	NNS	" Did Columbo put the moves on you ? "
te	NN	She pulled the arrow back and struck it into the fighting .
te	NN	" You know my stance on that , but you need to stop avoiding Dee .
te	NN	He wants a fog of ignorance to disconnect our world .
te	NN	The Keepers who had come before him , the hundreds who had died keeping their knowledge safe and quiet , had never expected praise or accolades .
te	NNS	Instead I study the other guests in their finery .
te	NN	On the other end of the spectrum , it could require a transplant . "
te	NN	Joel picked up a miniature guitar from Marcus ' desk .
te	NNS	" I see two splendid possibilities by the window .
te	NNS	" Most summers my family visited relatives in Paris .
te	NN	Jasmine replayed the segment once more .
te	NN	But , as soon as she managed to find a suitable artifact , Sara would bake a big-ass cookie with Wanda 's name on it .
te	NN	She passed some gas and made a rude comment which almost made Charlie laugh and give away her hiding spot .
te	NN	Now , ' he rang a bell on his desk .
te	NN	She must be imagining the chemistry between them .
te	NNS	Clayton had sabotaged Elizabeth 's relationships .
te	NN	Satan clouded my judgment . "
te	NNS	Steve , Harvey and Gus secured blank expressions to their faces and sank further into the sofas and their own minds .
te	NN	Turning to Willow and Declan , Duffy put a small paw to his lips in a gesture to be quiet .
te	NNS	" Well , watching this Seth drama unfold is probably giving you lots of material when it comes to something awful happening to me . "
te	NN	She grabbed the boomerang like a sword and jabbed it into creatures tongue .
te	NNS	They checked their bags , giving Denise a chance to pull Clementine aside .
te	NNS	Once again , Kelly recounted the symptoms that were worrying her .
te	NN	It also had the unfortunate result of making him even harder inside her .
te	NN	I won 't give him the satisfaction of knowing just how easily he can throw me off my game .
te	NNS	This country has tough bones .
te	NNS	Something was overriding the safeguards of his mark and the unexpected physical response caused a slight disorientation .
te	NNS	Like we did with the knife and then pillows . "
te	NN	When Sali excused herself for the restroom , Cole took stock of how the night was going .
te	NN	He tossed an ice-cream sandwich across the room with an air of desperation .
te	NN	He will ruin The Sanctuary if he stays here .
te	NN	On this matter he would brook no retreat .
te	NN	Even though the sun was shining , she could feel the weather changing .
te	NNS	Is she putting the moves on Dad ?
te	NNS	How they are taking pleasures in others ' helplessness ?
te	NN	When the patch of hairy white flesh began to bubble , I extinguished the flame and hit the mute button .
te	NN	" I 'm taking a cue from all that advice and all five hundred of those romance books and doing something really scary . "
te	NN	He picked up the mug , letting the heat pass from the cup through his body .
te	NN	Exactly the same average .
te	NN	When he didn 't make a comment , she licked the tip of him again , slowly .
te	NNS	" These lines look like veins or maybe arteries .
te	NNS	I must do a few calculations to pinpoint the location more accurately . "
te	NN	Never attack somebody because his beliefs are different from yours .
te	NN	" I have access to the suite anytime . "
te	NNS	Each carried black bulbs that might once have been conductors of electricity .
te	NNS	Hours later , when they finally pushed the blankets back and got out of bed , she 'd almost forgotten her worries .
te	NN	Jack gave a low whistle and gave her a leer .
te	NNS	We free up our resources to prepare against the gods .
te	NNS	I plugged headphones into my ears and pressed the Play button , enjoying the dark energy of Eternal Tears of Sorrow .
te	NNS	Instead she rubbed her fingertips over his skin , while her eyes fastened on his face .
te	NNS	She and Edna had conducted numerous tests on the creatures in the past .
te	NNS	Servants took the finished sketches , displayed them , pinned them up .
te	NNS	You will share quarters .
te	NNS	Do you have any past or current releases ?
te	NN	" You can give me the potion you gave Colin and give some to him .
te	NNS	He never left anything unfinished .
te	NN	He picked up one small volume , scanned the title , then put it back .
te	NNS	" Why are you playing these games ? "
te	NN	The land bore no rumour of him , as if he had never been there at all .
te	NN	He set an arrow to his bowstring and raised the bow .
te	NNS	If they built too many markers into the Outlands , the Nomads destroyed them , they did not allow markers to be placed between cities .
te	NNS	Opening the kitchen drawer that housed the Ziploc Baggies , aluminum foil and plastic wrap , she retrieved her nicotine patches and smoothed one on her arm .
te	NN	" Because my brother is an ignorant , blind coward who always opts for the way of least resistance ! "
te	NNS	Mix up the attacker tactics a bit . "
te	NNS	Besides , Sophia made her decisions and I made mine . "
te	NN	Molly , in her almost insane behaviour , was not presenting the normal psychological contract .
te	NNS	He expressed his condolences and said he hoped she would recover quickly .
te	NN	Kent studied Jace 's handiwork for a moment and then said in grim disappointment , " you are summoned to stand before the Council .
te	NN	His father grunted his approval .
te	NNS	Sitting in front of the TV later that night , Carol pondered the possibilities .
te	NN	He had gathered a fleet of trucks that would have made any Teamster proud .
te	NN	He played guitar , sang , and played piano .
te	NNS	Did she have two eyelids ?
te	NNS	I have their backs , not like Obama who talks the talk but traps on the walk .
te	NNS	He heaved all fifty pounds of the pack up to his shoulders and under the burden , retraced his ascent up the mountainside .
te	NNS	Only the highest nobles ... or the entertainment . "
te	NNS	As I walked along the path I planned my moves for the night ahead .
te	NN	" Hey , I got the race program .
te	NNS	I check the bandages , and to my relief there is no sign of infection on the wound .
te	NN	USC had a good program for that and Southern California didn 't have winters like Chicago plus it had an ocean nearby .
te	NN	" I do not know about your grandmother , but I. . .
te	NN	I took the envelope .
te	NNS	" Don 't you have any toys of your own ? "
te	NNS	" Through his teeth , " Jordan averred grimly .
te	NNS	Vitali laughed loudly and stood up .
te	NN	" Alexis , normally I wouldn 't ask a defendant to testify on their own behalf , but you were the only one that was there .
te	NNS	He played the drums .
te	NN	The man brought back his axe to block the attack and then they were locked in a desperate exchange of blows .
te	NNS	" We received Mr. Stewart 's medical records from the prison , and this is not him .
te	NN	Inside the small room , he shoves a bookcase aside with little effort revealing a secret passage leading down .
te	NNS	Suddenly , he switched gears and stared at me .
te	NN	He could still feel the dark malevolence through Shea .
te	NN	Which mental disease would he get ?
te	NN	He was planning a departure the following morning , and he 'd assumed she was leaving too .
te	NNS	Sasha aimed two quick straight punches at the hollow of Vivian 's throat .
te	NN	They ´ re frozen in time .
te	NNS	I devoured the cookies in about two minutes , but why the hel would he get me a panda ?
te	NNS	No one heeded the warnings you already had . "
te	NNS	" I won 't chance spies reading your lips through my eyes . "
te	NN	He removed the belt from his pants and then his shoes .
te	NNS	I packed two sets of leathers I 'd purchased , and the rest was plain but nice and would last .
te	NNS	Broderick 's gray eyes swept the trackers , and he looked almost as defiant as the young woman .
te	NN	She followed the split in the walking path to her porch on one end , identical to her neighbor 's at the other end of the duplex .
te	NN	" I was just doing a little math , is all . "
te	NNS	Everything I 've been told , the glimpses I 've seen from you .
te	NNS	My hands left muddy prints as I touched her pristine , white , lacy bra and unfastened the front enclosure .
te	NNS	My former handler makes his rounds , carefully avoiding the reporter , and slaps hands with James and hugs Realm .
te	NNS	But you have guns .
te	NN	" I hear the ghost in the tree singing again . "
te	NN	He noticed the perplexed recognition on their faces , and then it hit him .
te	NN	Paid cash for it just last week .
te	NN	I heard a distant twang and felt the draft of an arrow as it whizzed past my shoulder .
te	NN	This earned his amusement .
te	NNS	Ensure environmental sustainability Integrate the principles of sustainable development into country policies and programs and reverse the loss of environmental resources .
te	NN	With a jerk of his wrist , he sent her hat sailing into the shadows ; his fingers tightened on her chin , the nails digging in .
te	NN	She 'd spent a childhood waiting to hear those words , from her father ; then an eternity waiting to hear them from her husband .
te	NNS	He had competent managers at his software development firm so he was not worried .
te	NNS	If one uses magic candy , they will all exhibit the effects .
te	NN	Both of us are visiting her grave . "
te	NN	I can 't see much trash , which always makes me happy .
te	NN	They both had a very orthodox boxing stance , keeping both arms up .
te	NN	The shopkeeper evidently attributed his pallor and the sheen of sweat beading on his brow to terror of this sinner roaming free .
te	NN	I could feel my face hardening defensively .
te	NN	Jase placed the newspaper down on the counter and opened it to the second page .
te	NN	The first opponent to drive the other from the ring would be proclaimed the victor .
te	NN	We are in forest full of lions , you total moron . "
te	NN	Conway remembered the general description from the supposedly calming small talk when they prepared him for cryogenic suspension .
te	NNS	Tattoos of bats , barbed wire , and esoteric designs covered their limbs , chests , and backs and , in many cases , their entire flesh .
te	NNS	Kids played games in the grass and played in the fountains , trying to keep cool in the summer heat .
te	NN	It kept churning , searching for answers to the question that refused to leave her peace .
te	NNS	I 'm wrecking communities ?
te	NNS	" I 've heard some rumors . "
te	NN	Aris , in white shirt and pants that hugged every slope and bulge of his perfection and offset his glowing tan .
te	NN	Jane unloaded his wheelchair , sat him in it and pushed him to a good vantage point .
te	NNS	" You can 't see Shadows . "
te	NN	" Can you describe the terrain where the camp is ? "
te	NN	I took my right glove off with a sigh .
te	NNS	Up close , I could not only see his dimples , but also the light stubble on his chin .
te	NN	Becca read my diary .
te	NN	She chased her werewolf into the woods .
te	NNS	" You need your high-ranking guests to think we 're having a great time ?
te	NN	" I want a costume like Elvira . "
te	NNS	They had trained together , learned together , grown closer as time progressed .
te	NN	As she had previously asserted , she played sport for the fun of it , and whether she won or lost was of little consequence to her .
te	NN	Tell the movie studio that you 're not coming back .
te	NN	I need a physical distraction . "
te	NN	Three blocks away , in the top half of an old bank building , he could see an office suite filled with lights .
te	NN	A misstep twisted her right ankle .
te	NNS	From nowhere I felt vibrations of a screeching voice racing toward me .
te	NNS	' And by your own estimation , you 'd only release significant amounts of semen about five times .
te	NNS	" He 's saving our throats . "
te	NNS	" Cleaver made copies . "
te	NN	Or it could have gone quarter mile beyond . "
te	NN	He found our dad 's old guitar and borrowed Mom 's makeup and hairspray . "
te	NN	She tied a scarf around her head , donned a dark coat and opened the door to the cold of winter .
te	NN	" Any progress ? "
te	NNS	Lea took off her gloves and started to wipe off the sweat from her face with her hands , until someone from behind gave her a towel .
te	NN	We crossed the Minnesota border .
te	NN	It will only taint what happiness there could be in my future .
te	NN	Iain lifted her h * ps and thrust hard , angling himself in a way that made lightning shoot from her cl * t to her womb .
te	NN	He needed prolonged access to the house before Beth 's nest egg was gone forever .
te	NNS	Oxford recorded his results .
te	NN	He fished a deli sandwich from the bag and dug in , eating with his nose about three inches from the table .
te	NNS	I accept my gifts and make my way back to my seat to show Damien .
te	NNS	The steward had tied the bags to the horses ahead of time , leaving the opportunity for someone to slip the poison into the drink .
te	NN	" I really have no clue , Bianca . "
te	NN	Something about this cause an unpleasant twinge of a feeling Colin never felt before to cut through his gut .
te	NNS	In this scenario it meant rolling hills , a three-story house , and a picture-perfect red barn peeking through the trees .
te	NN	You need a nude model .
te	NNS	When he was happy with his figuring he had the sails raised slowly so as not to alarm the pursuing black ships .
te	NN	" When the weather gets warmer we can have a leisurely dip every night before cocktails .
te	NN	Dipping down , he shoved the torch out .
te	NN	They locked the device from the back .
te	NN	The sun has streaked a red swath across her stomach ; it is painful and feels warm to the touch .
te	NN	I bought livestock , oversaw the horses , and mended anything that might need fixing .
te	NNS	Then , a cold wind blows -- my first sign .
te	NNS	Our divorce will bring out even more media . "
te	NNS	A single-story ranch with a converted garage , it had four bedrooms , an office , a living room , and a kitchen .
te	NNS	The blade had missed the major arteries in the leg , and he had been taken to hospital before the blood loss had approached fatal levels .
te	NNS	I tucked loose strands of hair behind my ear .
te	NN	Scotty had done some pretty sweet talking and even prettier pitching to get Walsh to let him pitch in the ninth .
te	NN	Now in his fifties ; he denounces the violence and is considered by many experts to be a pragmatic and guiding hand to the peace process .
te	NNS	He hates birthdays , and he already has everything he wants . "
te	NN	I 'd brought some bread with me , so I used his toaster and some of his condiments to make some toast .
te	NN	" And I want your submission . "
te	NN	You still keep that diary ? "
te	NNS	" There are covered bridges in the area that are over two hundred years old , right ? "
te	NN	A silence followed that statement .
te	NNS	I 've got rounds at six and sick call at seven .
te	NN	I left the academy , beginning the long walk back home to my parents ' empty apartment .
te	NNS	Then , he took the suitcases to the dining room and placed them on the table .
te	NNS	I left Lars with Helen . "
te	NNS	I don 't play dice .
te	NN	" The police never found the killer . "
te	NN	She had made that journey also with her father , a year later , across the Urubamba River and up through the jungles of Peru .
te	NN	No , like a predator .
te	NNS	I tapped my boot taps on the floor like I was part of the music , too , not caring what anyone thought .
te	NNS	Nearly all pages have these characters which spell words in Latin .
te	NN	He shifted the clipboard from his left hand to the right one .
te	NN	Steve sensed the dismissal and went over to his office and caught up on his Foundation email .
te	NNS	" It will make amends , Bran .
te	NNS	" I just got bank statements last week , so I can give you a fairly accurate answer .
te	NN	As Rian sits down at the glass desk , I notice another object at the corner of the table .
te	NNS	" Because I didn 't finish the job , " Balthazar said grimly .
te	NNS	He can press buttons and make elevators respond faster than the programmed scheduling that had been parented by its engineer .
te	NN	Snakes have a very limited vocabulary , so it 's not all that difficult to pick up a few here and there . "
te	NN	She was wearing Dallas ' T-shirt and , I assume , nothing else .
te	NN	If she owns stock in these land corporations and lives like she does , she may use her lifestyle to discourage gold diggers like you . "
te	NN	But even though he had a profound love of drawing , he found most art - the stuff you saw in museums and galleries - rather uninspiring .
te	NNS	" I will respect your wishes , and I will keep my hands to myself . "
te	NNS	" You eat lawyers ? "
te	NNS	I could see my enemies around me , thick as flies settling on a wound .
te	NNS	Maybe he should make the recruitment speeches from now on .
te	NN	Paris hadn 't even felt the approach of his aura .
te	NNS	I had reached the depths of despair .
te	NNS	Pushing her hair out of the way , he laid kisses along the back of her neck .
te	NNS	I 've got a few more tables to take care of , and then we 'll be off . "
te	NN	Karen fixed a bowl of cereal .
te	NN	" Did ever the cries of the dying ring so thickly in the ears of those of us who can hear them ?
te	NNS	As a concession , however , I unbuttoned two buttons at the top of my shirt .
te	NNS	Her heart took wings and fluttered in her throat .
te	NN	Jimmy held the device towards the ceiling , and frowned deeper .
te	NNS	Perhaps in another hundred years somebody will find your bones . "
te	NN	He was getting angrier and angrier as he looked at Rowan .
te	NN	Dee scanned the small clearing and found no one .
te	NNS	I felt the sharp ends of his claws pressing against my ribs .
te	NN	He felt the crash .
te	NN	I knew the routine now .
te	NN	I entered the lobby once again but this time the male was alert .
te	NN	I heard his boot strike repeatedly against the bark as he let out an angry growl and cursed under his breath .
te	NNS	Tell me your services ?
te	NN	" Including your former partner and her husband ? "
te	NNS	He ran the backs of his fingers gently across her cheek even as she visibly failed to fight back a slight wince .
te	NNS	It included mythological origins , like automatons that served the Greek god Hephaestus , which I thought was a nice touch .
te	NNS	Jack put his fingertips together .
te	NN	Neither did her leader , for that matter . ]
te	NNS	Jones readjusted the pillows and we took down two more .
te	NNS	As population pressure on natural resources was very little and needs of life were few , they had loads of quality leisure time .
te	NN	I caved his skull in .
te	NN	She dared Reggie to eat twelve large marshmallows .
te	NN	He began to search again , he soon found the Hagar soup bowl , lying next to the old man .
te	NN	And Priya pulled the trigger .
te	NNS	" One who meets all his commitments .
te	NNS	Kids just aren 't playing board games like they used to . "
te	NN	Just as I was drifting off , I received a text from Bennett .
te	NN	From the penthouse balcony of the Altman Group , Hong Kong 's sea of twinkling lights seemed to spread forever , a testament to the vigorous city .
te	NNS	Did Arnie have enemies ?
te	NN	Gray set aside the spade and reached for the water jug .
te	NN	He handed her a loaf and watched as she snapped some off then took a bite .
te	NN	Kai and one other guard escort a maiden , each with a tight grasp around her upper arms .
te	NN	Bugs and Timmy shared a hearty chuckle between sips of fresh brewed .
te	NNS	He 's going to tell me he hates my guts .
te	NN	" Sir , you do not have the clearance for me to explain the situation , but the President is about to make a terrible mistake .
te	NNS	We had lots of fun . "
te	NNS	I took off my socks , because the dress looked weird with them , and stepped out .
te	NN	I picked up my broom , swiped my backpack off the floor , and went down the hallway .
te	NNS	I called the cops just in case the threat was real . "
te	NNS	Two of my brothers had more serious gunshot wounds .
te	NN	" Because ... " " I only carried liability coverage .
te	NN	The Crusader army was beating a retreat from the castle though the battle beyond it continued .
te	NN	I took the liberty of talking to the head of the Eastman School of Music in Rochester .
te	NN	I cleared my throat loudly .
te	NNS	Your paths will have many crossroads where you will need to make decisions that may impact on the future .
te	NNS	His Majesty accepted the wishes for his health , then drank from his own goblet and settled into work .
te	NN	Eve grabbed a mug , filled it with coffee , and slid it to her on the table .
te	NNS	" You can call the cops after we leave .
te	NNS	I even took a few photos . "
te	NNS	And , before you start , I 'm not pressing charges against Bart and neither is Claire . "
te	NNS	We computed tips and gathered our purses .
te	NN	After my bath I felt refreshed , busied myself in the kitchen .
te	NNS	You 'll see the results . "
te	NN	" Seth and Brianna , does that ring a bell ? "
te	NNS	And they were turning hoses on kids .
te	NN	" Is that thing saying our speed has raised our mass to a point where something is ... colliding with us ? "
te	NN	She put her notebook under her pillow and soon after that she was on my way to sleep .
te	NN	It would have put the convertible into a spin .
te	NN	I can see his frown from here , making me wonder why he 's spending so much money to stay here if he looks so pissed off .
te	NN	He understood that concept only too well .
te	NNS	" You won 't use firearms in here .
te	NN	" Oh , say , do you have any salt and pepper ?
te	NNS	And had undone a few buttons on his shirt .
te	NN	You had a vacation from them for months . "
te	NNS	Three hundred thousand inhabitants , and flourishing again for the first time in centuries .
te	NN	Why not ground Hemisphere Air 's entire fleet ?
te	NNS	At his side at all times stood his nephews Ander and Silos bearing thick wooden shields and spears .
te	NN	Besides , I would like an honest opinion on the level of comfort this thing has to offer .
te	NNS	Despite his stomach 's painful objections he replaced the lids .
te	NN	I could feel the brace of his hidden blade , brought my other hand forward and began fumbling with the fastenings .
te	NN	He pulled a flask from his jacket and poured a nip of rum into his chalice , strengthening the potency of his drink .
te	NNS	I grabbed the dresses and sighed , though inside I was feeling very very excited .
te	NNS	The servers got better tips .
te	NN	That they 'd just take ink off my body .
te	NN	Isabelle slid off the stool she 'd been sitting on , and knelt down in front of her little brother .
te	NN	How could I make that judgment ?
te	NN	He turned the flame on under it , then reached for the plate of trout .
te	NN	It had a thin spicy broth with crushed peanuts , long clear noodles and fresh white bean sprouts .
te	NN	Frank felt an insect crawling under his stomach as he lay flat on the ground .
te	NNS	After the story , I took Iris with me and we left .
te	NNS	Chase played a few chords before treating all of us to his gravely , sexy voice .
te	NN	It doesn 't take a genius to figure out what they 're laughing at .
te	NNS	The different immortal beings on earth all had uneasy relationships with each other .
te	NNS	A cool breeze tossed a few strands of hair in her face .
te	NN	He had a sprinkling of black hair on his solid chest that tapered down his navel to disappear into his jeans , which he started to unzip .
te	NNS	" Have you ever had your bones knitted back together ?
te	NN	Anyways , we get a dance chaperone , " fingering the line of dance instructions at the end of the hallway .
te	NN	She clutched the window ledge with shaking fingers and bowed her head .
te	NN	" I don 't want some technical lecture from you .
te	NN	It adds stability and prestige and we 're very concerned about these things , especially with our associates .
te	NN	If I got burned , it would be my own fault , I knew the score going in .
te	NN	Once the storm came and the lightning struck , I held the torch under my little tent made with my jacked ... which caught fire .
te	NN	He had cut back the lavender , thyme and sage .
te	NN	He gave a deep chuckle and directed both my arms back around his neck to rest on his shoulders .
te	NN	But I took his single entry as a sign .
te	NN	' Knuckles , ' said the Dean helpfully .
te	NNS	Christ , I 'd rather drink moose piss . "
te	NN	We pulled our empty trailer back to the farm , and I picked cotton until quitting time .
te	NN	He couldn 't risk detection , leaving them vulnerable here .
te	NN	Each time he did , something inside her fanned an ember she didn 't want rekindled .
te	NN	I didn 't hear the snarling of last time , but I found the silence kind of depressing .
te	NN	He took the bullet in the chest .
te	NN	" Who said yo ? "
te	NN	" My daughter married the tavern keeper in the village ten years back . "
te	NNS	We have other characters , too .
te	NN	They have a big religious ceremony , and the captives are killed .
te	NN	The three talked and laughed over their dessert .
te	NN	The Sea of Boston entered hyperspace and went back to Coalition space .
te	NNS	Kate frowned at a bulge in the metal three quarters of the way up , partially hidden by the mist .
te	NN	When she sat back up on the bench she noticed the commotion near the front desk .
te	NNS	The two men behind Pete raised their guns and pointed them at Bash .
te	NNS	" No , I was just in there taking her vitals and she was alone . "
te	NNS	You can still see the cracks . "
te	NNS	He had enough worries .
te	NN	Ironically , her brother had had a crush on Melissa Hastings , too .
te	NNS	" I 'm raising the rates . "
te	NNS	Roots of the old tree , embracing the bones .
te	NNS	" So you have different races of people on this planet .
te	NN	He added a spoonful of sugar .
te	NN	She 'd arrived just afore we went ter see ' er , an ' ' ad gone th ' next mornin ' .
te	NNS	" Robert has some flaws , but I still can 't imagine he 'd do this . "
te	NN	" She doesn 't like meat . "
te	NNS	The bristling formation of soldiers saw our trolls coming their way , and at first I imagined they probably felt elation .
te	NNS	The drawer held the usual suspects .
te	NNS	Tastes like undercooked eggs . "
te	NN	She could see the strain in his calves as he forced his magic against that of Jem .
te	NNS	" I won 't be pressing charges . "
te	NNS	They also stitched some wounds on your chest .
te	NNS	Easily breaking her hold , he tugged down her panties .
te	NNS	" I 'm not playing games .
te	NN	She needed a roommate ; I needed a place .
te	NN	He took out the single sheet of paper , read it , read it again ... and began to laugh .
te	NNS	I like computer games and listening to music .
te	NN	" So , we are held hostage . "
te	NN	Find the student section and make some friends . "
te	NN	" He has no quarrel with me now . "
te	NNS	When they reached the entrance to the Vitale Society 's chamber , Meredith and Damon pressed their backs against the elaborately carved wooden doors .
te	NNS	The wind rushed over and around my wings , adding to the experience .
te	NN	Julienne arrived , joining them in the bedroom , Michael kissed her hello and quickly made some excuse about having to use the bathroom .
te	NNS	She had very few personal possessions , no pictures to speak of , and only a trunk full of clothes .
te	NNS	" You 've gained two pounds .
te	NN	I 've got wide h * ps and big tits , and I 'm so short I 'm nearly a little person .
te	NN	the Captain frowns then shoves the warrior to the side .
te	NN	Laurel adjusted her T-shirt , color rising to her cheeks .
te	NN	" Back then we had livestock , a couple of cows for milk , sheep for wool .
te	NNS	An unholy scream rips from the sky .
te	NN	Connor took a swig of his beer and chanced a glance across the lawn at the cause of his dour mood .
te	NN	He took Valerie 's left breast roughly in his right hand and squeezed .
te	NN	" Then why would you take the beating for him , if you were sore , too ? "
te	NNS	I will grind your bones to dust with a pebble .
te	NN	She 'd once thought the expense of repairing the old stable was overwhelming .
te	NN	She was given a back scabbard made of fine , golden leather .
te	NN	Once again he raised his bow .
te	NNS	The court closed the borders in an attempt to keep her from leaving the dimension ; force her to pay them a little visit . '
te	NN	Antonietta , deep inside the bird 's body , sniffed her disdain of his idea and hopped up beside him on the wide railing .
te	NN	When I arrived home , over a big hunger I also had a big headache .
te	NN	We did not drain their glamour .
te	NN	As she entered the house , she ignored the lack of furniture and the ever-present dust .
te	NN	Percival retrieved the syringe of Render blood from his inside pocket .
te	NNS	I don 't think it 'll work , Ancient One , ' Darion said dubiously .
te	NNS	I counted down the props .
te	NN	McDougal took a more direct approach and stepped into the shower stall , clothes and all , and turned the cold tap all the way on .
te	NN	The other ninja picked up a small wooden barrel and swung it at Silence 's head .
te	NNS	I officially had no secrets .
te	NN	Do we at least have an underground network here to work with ? "
te	NN	Without hesitation , Mr. Noel scrawled his signature on the paper and handed it back to Pane .
te	NNS	" Nice tables . "
te	NN	The sensation that followed sent a string of fireworks off in my body .
te	NNS	They ran a few tests and discovered her appendix was inflamed .
te	NNS	" I don 't know many other Immortals who could have pulled that off .
te	NN	While we waited , I pulled the collar up on my coat and wrapped my arms around myself .
te	NN	Serge put a bowl of nuts in front of Nick .
te	NN	Once the mighty weapon had pushed itself out far enough , it slowly began hacking in a slow circle around the plant 's throat .
te	NN	I traced your chip to the orphanage once , but the next day it went back to the little apartment I assumed you guys were living in .
te	NN	" Please get your grandfather to listen to me and we need your grandmother to play piano for the concert .
te	NN	Though he gave no explanation .
te	NN	I didn 't have a great opinion of Keith Darnell , not by any means .
te	NN	I walked Chance to the cash register .
te	NN	He lifted the pail of ice in his lap , finding a thin film of water melted over the ice .
te	NN	Since Gizmo hated to brush his teeth , but knew his mother insisted on it , he invented a toothpaste that could be used without a toothbrush .
te	NN	The Dragon repeated his incantation , and shouted again , " Open the way ! "
te	NN	He had worn boots and a leather duster , but beneath it he had drab , even shabby , clothing with a wide collared button-down shirt .
te	NNS	Hence , piping lessons .
te	NN	His body demanded satisfaction , but Luke refused to give in to his own needs without ensuring that he 'd first met hers .
te	NNS	" He hates my flipping guts - and I loved him so much !
te	NN	She didn 't like that description either .
te	NNS	They traded blows and tumbled to the ground , the beast sitting on Cricket 's chest .
te	NN	She turned up the volume on the little monitor Edmunds had left behind .
te	NNS	After twenty years of marriage she knew Grant 's moods .
te	NNS	She sets her bags down and turns it on .
te	NNS	You must have 100 pounds on me .
te	NNS	They didn 't allow their wives to make any decisions on their own .
te	NN	I sure don 't want some guy reminding of Sophie by running his hands over my body and sticking his thing inside me .
te	NNS	I can eliminate all traces of Macy Lockhart 's existence in the mortal world .
te	NNS	I pushed my sleeves back up and wiped the beads of sweat from my brow .
te	NN	They heard only a slight hum from the flying saucer and the singing of birds .
te	NNS	Will you speak vows in the way of yours ? "
te	NN	And for your trouble you were kidnapped and held hostage , until I butted my head in and ruined your perfect plan . "
te	NN	Her gaze locked with his , she offered him the oil .
te	NNS	Upstairs , safely inside , I locked the six locks on the door and pushed a table in front of the door .
te	NN	" You do have a recent injury . "
te	NN	With a sharp gesture , Count Lucien flicked away her false explanation .
te	NN	" The two people who can explain it are either being held hostage or want nothing to do with this anymore .
te	NNS	Welcome to Level Black , she thought grimly .
te	NNS	" Five hundred pounds . "
te	NNS	The Bright Ones donated eggs to the clinic in St. Louis .
te	NN	He gripped her h * ps and guided her into place and then sank deep .
te	NNS	I won 't ever know her anyways . "
te	NNS	Ain 't necessarily the minerals . "
te	NNS	To what do I owe such honored guests arriving at my humble establishment ? "
te	NN	I had laid the tent out flat in the center of the room next to the empty crate .
te	NN	I 'd been watching this whole exchange in horror .
te	NN	Trying for nonchalant , I took a swig of beer .
te	NNS	In silence she cleaned the wounds , and pressed gauze pads over the deepest cuts .
te	NN	I do counseling . "
te	NNS	Austin set up the speakers and docked his iPod .
te	NNS	I owe Hannah so much . "
te	NN	Shrinking as he sprouted new arms , the Wanderer tried a punch and lost the new appendage .
te	NNS	Jane and Cole both pulled out their cell phones only to discover them dead .
te	NN	" Would you demonstrate to us your progress ? "
te	NN	His fingers brushed the arch of her foot .
te	NN	he interrupted Zoltan 's lecture .
te	NNS	" It 's lost its wings , and we have a sneaking suspicion Karma may be responsible . "
te	NN	I 've seen the caliber of the players there .
te	NN	You can have a poison and an antidote , but there can be something more to prevent oneself from being harmed by a poison . "
te	NNS	Mother voices my own concerns , brandishing the poker as if to fend off an imagined beast .
te	NNS	She gathers some strands of hair out of her face and stares at the front end of the car .
te	NNS	I shot glances to my left and right and locked my front door .
te	NN	He could almost taste victory , when explosions suddenly ripped his troops apart .
te	NN	" We have them , they ´ re cornered at reception , turn off the phone system , no more outside calls . "
te	NNS	" But it will take decades , perhaps centuries , for my children to consolidate and fully exploit their new territory - to make it impregnable .
te	NN	He brought out a square object that gleamed faintly in the dark .
te	NN	She held the folded sheet hard to his chest .
te	NN	Fuck the arrest , I 'll kill the bastard - " Before Mira could say anything , Nathan stopped Nikolai with words alone .
te	NNS	Dollop covered all angles of adjectives .
te	NNS	As his rippling stomach touched her bound hands she felt the dampness of his sweat through his t-shirt .
te	NN	" I already get so much abuse from them because they only suspect it .
te	NNS	We had said our goodbyes last month and I didn 't want him here now , making my emotions tilt out of control .
te	NN	" Actually , I think it was five , " he says indifferently , but the corners of his lips quirk .
te	NN	Despite my insulation , sitting still was taking its toll .
te	NNS	" You changed your boobs ? "
te	NN	Addie put some gel in her hair .
te	NN	Bye mom , bye grandma . "
te	NN	I collect my bow and at the last minute remember the rose , glistening in its glass of water .
te	NN	He pushed the duvet aside and got to his feet .
te	NN	" Didn 't you see this text ?
te	NN	She released her seat belt and turning around she told Sam he was about to get wet and splashed him as well .
te	NNS	He wadded the gloves he held and tossed them to Ian , who caught them in surprise .
te	NN	He and Teddy were gazing earnestly up at her , hanging on every word .
te	NNS	If you 're good I 'll even bring chocolate and graham crackers . "
te	NNS	Seem to have all the important parts and nothing in addition we have to worry about . "
te	NNS	Because you 're implying that you have responsibilities , but I don 't .
te	NNS	Then he went motionless , snarling against her .
te	NNS	When he was satisfied , he took the scissors again and looked at me and Gem .
te	NN	" She , s happy ; she , s having an affair with my best friend . "
te	NNS	He took the hammers and shuffled around behind the stones again .
te	NN	What Franco had done after the masseuse left , on the other hand ... The memory sent a delicious tingle through her .
te	NNS	We were using heavily weighted wooden swords , and my arms eventually grew numb from fatigue . "
te	NNS	He handed me my oars and I slid them through the paddle holes , so that I would not lose them .
te	NNS	Duncan and I were discussing the ferns . "
te	NN	Gently , I palm one plump breast , rubbing my calloused hand over the nipple .
te	NNS	As she recalled , she 'd felt super sexy in it too when she 'd tried it on .
te	NNS	And she suffered no delusions .
te	NNS	Perhaps he was studying the Holy writings and praying to the Gods ?
te	NNS	The three kids approached the great twin towers in silence .
te	NNS	In the wild place Noah and Mariposa reconciled their differences and began their own family .
te	NNS	She wore white panties and bra .
te	NNS	He sees my panties hanging over my ankle , and he reaches for them , lifting my leg gently so he can pull them off my foot .
te	NNS	Will and Angela exchanged glances .
te	NN	Erik set the clothing down and took the stack from her .
te	NNS	We parked three reserved parking lots away from the gate .
te	NNS	Sending the message put shards of glass in her skull .
te	NN	Byrne felt a spike of shock , followed by one of terror .
te	NN	" Didn 't you hear the Consul ?
te	NNS	They stretched as far as the eye could see , some had large holes in their armored sides , the result of blaze cannons or worse .
te	NNS	You 've got guts - and that 's the problem !
te	NN	" But my mother carried a burden for years to keep your secrets .
te	NNS	" I 'll have the records sent to your office in the morning . "
te	NN	Has he seen a specialist ?
te	NN	" Emerald green , crimson " " Crimson ! "
te	NN	The fireplaces in their rooms would take off the chill .
te	NNS	Master Gibbons introduced his servant as Andrew , his clerk , he would keep our records .
te	NN	" I 've an axe to grind with you .
te	NN	She released a sharp gasp when she saw the vacuous gray of death staring back at her .
te	NNS	First , I put some pads and tampons in her bathroom , so make sure she knows they 're there . "
te	NN	I 'd seen her surfing .
te	NNS	He barely ever does social events . "
te	NNS	No more stall tactics . "
te	NN	My father 's face turns ashen , but softens as Edward hugs him , shock never leaving his eyes .
te	NNS	Through it all , she could feel his protectiveness toward them simmering just beneath the surface .
te	NNS	Don 't forget the donuts . "
te	NNS	His guide traced symbols with her free hand and whispered strange words .
te	NN	But even I had a little ego in me .
te	NNS	A standard combat pistol held eight rounds before a reload -- the co-pilot still counted nine infected .
te	NNS	I want investors to walk through these stations and see happy employee 's , doing an above quality job .
te	NNS	" Gemma 's got two vacant seats at her table .
te	NNS	We must remember our roots because without that , what do we have left ?
te	NN	My father did the math and guessed that Cowboy had earned close to four hundred dollars picking cotton .
te	NN	Know any starving artist who could use them ?
te	NNS	Like everyone else , the elderly have two choices when their date arrives -- they can donate their body to science or they can be cremated .
te	NNS	The staff has five charges .
te	NN	Robb spat out a wealth of blood as he climbed up to his feet .
te	NN	Angel unwrapped the cookie from the bag and started to eat it .
te	NNS	Ellie can climb vertical objects like some kind of weird animal .
te	NN	And he wanted more than a sample now .
te	NNS	Jade packed her best toys . "
te	NN	If I 'd inherited Mr Tiny 's evil , destructive streak , I 'd also inherited his cunning .
te	NN	Clearly she hadn 't mastered the art of video conferencing .
te	NNS	I cleared the broken limbs out of both our driveways , and with everyone 's help , we cleared the ice and snow off the trucks .
te	NN	This card carried a death penalty -- yet still Romulus carried it !
te	NN	He heard something crash .
te	NNS	Alexia took off her gloves .
te	NNS	The industrial area alone covered a fifteen mile radius in all directions .
te	NN	I 'm thinking a healthy dose of jealously might wake him up . "
te	NN	Grenville gave me no explanation of why he 'd disappeared from the inn the night before , and I did not ask him about it .
te	NNS	" I 've still got lots of hope . "
te	NNS	They 've adjusted her pain meds and she 's trying to keep as strong as she can .
te	NNS	He needs more fluids and nutrition , but I can 't seem to make anyone understand me . "
te	NN	" You mean split up ? "
te	NNS	resting her elbows on her desk .
te	NN	When I get to the nurse 's station , the nurse grabs a clipboard and hands it to me .
te	NN	" Or maybe it will take a target off his back . "
te	NNS	" And in the future would her highness be so good as to consult her housekeeper before querying the staff as to her household whims ?
te	NNS	She gripped his elbows , the top of her head barely reaching his chin .
te	NNS	She 'd have pressed charges sooner , but she 'd not known what his name was .
te	NN	Alternatively , you can buy the next episode here .
te	NNS	" Okay , so I may have done repeated background checks on him just to see if I could find an unattractive photo of him .
te	NNS	Eustace rapidly changed tactics and backed away from Jimmy once more .
te	NN	Hands tightly clenched , Rafe had watched the man stagger down the street until he was swallowed up in the shadows of the night .
te	NN	" It 's as lief he 'll never return , " David warned her grimly .
te	NNS	" I 've heard rumors some of your patrons have seen men with glowing red eyes . "
te	NN	Debbie snatched up the notebook and slammed it shut .
te	NNS	Mike could feel the wisps of her hair as they feathered his face .
te	NN	I could handle Nine 's bluster .
te	NNS	" I think night ends at two .
te	NNS	He allowed the hostile groups to surround him , to take him to their small city in triumph .
te	NN	She would not give him the satisfaction of knowing his summons had upset her .
te	NN	Reuben adjusted the scarf up around his mouth and pushed the sunglasses in place as he waited .
te	NNS	She handed him the guns like they were spiders .
te	NNS	A diner down the block had the flyers plastered across its windows and a sign proclaiming they refused to serve Wardens .
te	NNS	" Very good Inspector .
te	NNS	Then accept the consequences .
te	NN	I pulled my laptop out and checked for wi-fi .
te	NN	To be witness , suddenly , to an attempted violent end to the life of a human being , one would shout ' Murder ! '
te	NN	After a moment of deliberation , Chuck slipped the heel into his pocket .
te	NN	Two months ago Jacqueline would have taken offense at that but now she knew it was simply posturing .
te	NN	As such , the bullets lost strike of her and sailed their way above them to stroke into the remote wall .
te	NN	From the corner of my eye I caught the glimmer of the clasp securing my case and I could also see a train approaching .
te	NNS	Cough up those ideals you can 't really afford .
te	NN	" Don 't know the gardener who 'd want it .
te	NN	I could almost smell his cologne , the soft scent of his soap as I remembered .
te	NNS	" Have they found creatures in other worlds ? "
te	NN	" I love your accent . "
te	NN	We 're carrying out an investigation into your wife 's death and that of Monica Dixon 's and we have reason to believe they are connected . '
te	NN	Then he cranked up the volume of the music so loud the windows vibrated .
te	NNS	Hope ya 'll like chicken wings ? "
te	NNS	" Lock up the gates .
te	NNS	We build , as you 're always preaching , alliances .
te	NNS	' Thank the Gods ! '
te	NN	" You have done a great service to the agency .
te	NNS	" How are you getting your tanks ? "
te	NN	That lack of information provided a safeguard , for both of them .
te	NNS	We have goods to trade with you and have different methods of raising crops that we can show you .
te	NNS	Marcos sighed loudly and went to her .
te	NN	His body was starkly aroused , the bulge thick and impressive , tenting his robe .
te	NN	He divided the Empire into three districts based on language .
te	NN	He floored the accelerator .
te	NN	She waves a sheet of paper .
te	NNS	Here -- you please bring forth ordinary soda crackers and I will supply the butter and caviar , as a treat . "
te	NNS	The women next to me remained silent , their expressions not even changing .
te	NN	She 'd given her statement to the police about what she 'd seen .
te	NNS	It burned her pupils , but she kept her eyes open .
te	NN	Only nature could have provided such a wealth of beauty formed with rich minerals .
te	NN	Kimbra 's voice had a tint of hope in it , but more of wonder and adventure .
te	NN	They 've discovered our hideout here and are coming after us .
te	NNS	Joan wiped the streaks off her face before nodding .
te	NNS	I undid my buttons on my blazer to let cool air through .
te	NNS	The Stingray landed few meters away from one of the structures .
te	NNS	What if Jack 's apartment project tanks ?
te	NNS	He 'd shot homes for realtors .
te	NNS	He was sharing his concerns with Grace , as they ate .
te	NN	He also was carrying a sack over his shoulder .
te	NN	And watch her footing .
te	NN	He couldn 't see the gas , but he suddenly smelled something like roses and lilac and lavender .
te	NNS	Bob has two spots on his ear , and Bill has none . "
te	NN	" Hey Jen , did you hear the buzz ?
te	NN	To announce our existence at all ?
te	NN	Give me a bell when you 're back in town . "
te	NNS	They wouldn 't be causing all these fights .
te	NN	He pulled out a red silk restraint and dangled it in front of me .
te	NNS	Sali opened his gifts , admired the key ring from Ashe and then followed his parents outside .
te	NN	Ten minutes later , Ian left the cemetery and drove home .
te	NNS	" A leopard can 't change its spots , and vampires can 't stop being vampires .
te	NN	She stashed the satchel in the trunk and picked up the end of Hector 's leash .
te	NN	Jack pulled Shotgun 's satchel off the back of a chair , and handed it to the dwarf .
te	NNS	We took our seats .
te	NNS	" Hold the tweezers , and pull when I say . "
te	NN	Quickly , Callie scanned the assortment of flowers .
te	NNS	" Why risk all your tickets ? "
te	NNS	He holsters his guns while staring at the sparkling yellow translucent screen .
te	NNS	" I 've never seen marbled wings before . "
te	NNS	" I hate caves .
te	NN	" Not if we 'd paid cash . "
te	NNS	The blood trail painted vicious arcs as I dismembered these opponents , until only one remained of the second line .
te	NN	Earl would keep the device until he found out , pocketing it and her fractured eyeglasses .
te	NN	' But surely they have only a cottage .
te	NNS	Leaning forward , Nate rested his elbows on his knees .
te	NN	I landed a solid punch to her chin , knocking her witless for a few seconds .
te	NNS	They put metal pads to his chest and yelled ' clear ! ' .
te	NN	You already have your pet ! '
te	NN	For that much , he at least deserves a decent burial . "
te	NNS	" I make my own decisions .
te	NNS	Small cities like Holland have low crime rates , so the police harass the drunks and teenagers .
te	NN	He had been given a tip from a secret government contact about a meteorite landing in Cape Hallett , an Antarctic Specially Protected Area .
te	NNS	He 's got some film producers there to check out Patrick . "
te	NNS	Several other pirates pull their swords and begin to move toward Marie and Diana .
te	NNS	We had no siblings , so Shane wasn 't sure what that kind of attachment felt like .
te	NNS	But then she held other unwelcome records .
te	NNS	She fingered the buttons on his white shirt .
te	NN	The men were continuing their discussion on what do to .
te	NN	I closed the notebook and put it on the floor .
te	NN	Knox 's tongue licks the seam on my lips and I open them just a little .
te	NNS	My hands fist the sheets and I cry out .
te	NN	The robot shifted the large rucksack it carried , but did not increase its pace .
te	NN	The crow let out a huge squawk of surprise .
te	NNS	" He made some stupid ass choices , though .
te	NN	If the Killer T cells are operating on their own and out of control , it 's called ' autoimmune disease . '
te	NN	Two men pulled the fabric aside , revealing the balcony .
te	NN	Hannah took her cue and shifted deftly to the new topic .
te	NN	Or maybe now that I 'm actually working through it , now that I 'm ready to retire , I 'm reconsidering my stance on relationships . "
te	NNS	She loves lots of things . "
te	NNS	Check the older wounds too -- make sure they 're healing . "
te	NN	It was taking a toll on her , beating her down .
te	NNS	He bought some melon slices from a street vendor and shared them with her .
te	NNS	Someone has learned secrets they should not .
te	NNS	When she was near enough , I dropped the grains , threw one arm around her body and flattened my other hand over her mouth .
te	NNS	I gild the lilies , and you protect them . "
te	NNS	" The princess tires of your company . "
te	NN	He scratched the old tattoo , just over the tightness around his heart .
te	NN	I 'd never found Will 's identity in that final letter .
te	NNS	She hadn 't mentioned my pregnancy tests .
te	NNS	The glass crashed loudly , and Ed glanced around to see if anyone had taken notice .
te	NN	We 've had the agent under interrogation for forty-eight hours and I don 't think he knows anything .
te	NN	" She told the dean I was the meanest teacher she 's ever had . "
te	NN	I could also use my mom 's mailing address in Colorado .
te	NNS	" Aren 't you going to open your gifts ? "
te	NN	Daphne thumped her tail once at the sound of her name and then went straight back to her nap .
te	NN	She could feel the rapid beating of his heart against her .
te	NN	We took a cab down to The Music Attic on Ann Street .
te	NN	Not one of the three had a cushion .
te	NNS	" He had scars on his hands and arms , reaching past the elbows ? "
te	NN	Her tattooed wrist , blue sunrise With ink , cradle the baby abreast .
te	NNS	" Open the gates ! "
te	NNS	" And I have no flaws ! "
te	NN	They got the cot and made their way out the front of the store to the side of the building .
te	NN	She pulled a lever that instead gave such a surge of acceleration the front wheels nearly left the ground .
te	NNS	Growing impatient to see the treasure beneath the shirt , she grabbed the ends and proudly pulled it over his head without strangling him with it .
te	NNS	We have the resources to get you a new passport , a new identity , and obviously money isn 't a problem .
te	NNS	" Why did you let the zombies out ? "
te	NN	He grabbed the duvet , said for a second time , " Scoot over , " and slid into bed beside her .
te	NNS	For six hours she laid the eight eggs in the sandy depression they had prepared in the corner of the den .
te	NNS	Then he was no longer facing Witch .
te	NNS	" And why are they targeting your species , whoever or whatever they may be ? "
te	NNS	Terri can 't read mortals well yet .
te	NNS	He had forgotten the origins of the ruby and its place with his family , and he had attempted to manipulate its power with his cold instruments .
te	NNS	If it 's okay with you , I 'll have some snacks sent up as well .
te	NN	I grabbed the diary up again and read the last sentence again .
te	NNS	I didn 't want the strings of a girl from the club .
te	NNS	We do not need Gods to govern us and tell us when we can and can 't enter the mortal world .
te	NNS	Sparks spiraled outwards , like burning dandelion seeds wafting on a breeze .
te	NN	He gave a little chuckle to himself thinking that at least now he knew how Frankie and Judith spiced up their marriage .
te	NN	I don 't need an explanation .
te	NNS	Seeing the rivulets , Polly murmured soothing comments to her as she drank .
te	NN	I disregarded his lack of a compliment .
te	NNS	" Well , I have Red Sox season tickets .
te	NN	Aggie sniffed back a sob .
te	NNS	They might kill a few chickens or what not , but they too scared of the law to be killing folks these days .
te	NN	" You have no clue .
te	NN	He had lost his target .
te	NN	We had the ceremony on Friday evening , then a picnic in the nearby fountain courtyard .
te	NNS	To her surprise , she found the two lingering by the entrance when she reached the arched doorway .
te	NNS	Soft feather-light kisses when he wanted , then deep passionate ones that made her forget her name .
te	NN	The newcomer smiled , a grim challenge , very clearly a warning .
te	NN	Erin watched his progress , judging the depth of the water .
te	NN	" Ye have a wonderful prize in a bride such as Myra . "
te	NN	She let one hand fal to her side ; the other to her mouth .
te	NN	" This is just getting juvenile .
te	NNS	He was getting more static than information now .
te	NN	So why would you give someone with AIDS a drug that killed more cells than almost any other drug ever invented ?
te	NNS	He was smiling , remembering his several pre 9 May encounters with Mrs. Morgan .
te	NNS	Jackson engaged the craft 's belly thrusters , causing it to lift a couple meters off the ground while remaining horizontal .
te	NNS	He scanned the photos in her living room .
te	NNS	We share beginnings . "
te	NN	I scratched out the swoop of her shirt as it hung off her shoulder .
te	NN	I scanned the patrons of the bar ; still no sign of Rosetta .
te	NNS	He probably lifted weights at the expense of doing as much running as I did .
te	NN	Come , I have an extra cot in the back for you to get some sleep . "
te	NN	He instantly rubbed his hand soothingly over the area , but he didn 't release her .
te	NNS	You 'd gobble down those fries so fast the oil would like to burn your tiny tongue .
te	NN	Afterward , Toby sent around a sign-up sheet for the first debate tournament of the year , which no one signed .
te	NNS	Not lately , thank Zeus .
te	NNS	" Yes , and flights of fancy .
te	NNS	This girl was bringing all kinds of unwanted things into her home .
te	NNS	" Where on earth did you get fresh eggs out here ? "
te	NNS	She could hear drawers opening and closing on the other end of the line .
te	NN	You will also have protective clothing . '
te	NN	He shifted his torso so my legs swung to the side then he fell forward , his mammoth weight landing on me .
te	NN	Claire had a stack of that to do , too .
te	NNS	I even deleted all the cookies , just to be safe . "
te	NNS	" Who the hell leaves bags of cement on the floor ? "
te	NN	When I came in through the kitchen door , I could hear my television .
te	NNS	He recognized the curses .
te	NNS	She definitely knew her wines .
te	NN	Soldado held aloft a torch , its flames flying out into the sunlight as he moved it back and forth .
te	NNS	I gave him props silently , because defending what you considered yours was a natural instinct .
te	NNS	Jolie does not always make the right decisions .
te	NNS	We have the resources to investigate this thing .
te	NN	And I could use the guidance of someone who knows the world outside these walls . "
te	NNS	So long that she 'd gone crazy enough to let a wolf put his paws on her .
te	NN	Dr. Tina Jamison had put a new chip in for Rachel just a few months before .
te	NN	I reaffirm her identity in my own mind a dozen times .
te	NNS	" I 'm not pressing charges .
te	NNS	The zombies were still lying motionless in the parking lot .
te	NNS	Victoria had not seen the results of many vampire attacks ; in her limited experience she had most often prevented them from happening .
te	NN	The window still sat open a crack .
te	NN	" We can conduct your interview over lunch .
te	NNS	Maybe I 'll get the writers to tweak the intro and we can change up the sign-off .
te	NNS	I 've got some other options for you . "
te	NNS	Eric punched buttons with his thumb , swallowing bile as he held the phone to his ear .
te	NN	He opened the sheet , parachuting it over the mattress .
te	NN	It actually eases my burden to know she has a plan for the big red number in her book .
te	NNS	It chilled her bones .
te	NNS	Charles ate some peas before answering .
te	NNS	Tristram spread his wings out to shield them from its glare .
te	NNS	" You want fries with that ? "
te	NN	I 'll just need the marriage certificate as soon as it 's finalized .
te	NNS	Of course , last time , he 'd hired locals to drive him to the way station , and paid them generously to forget him .
te	NN	I have a first aid kit at my house . "
te	NNS	They had dolls for girls and teddy bears for boys .
te	NN	It basically senses acceleration relative to freefall , reporting the direction and force of motion .
te	NNS	He 'd put his massive headphones on again .
te	NN	He brought the second load into the house and left the door open .
te	NNS	" Fire will scare away any spiders or predators -- not to mention that smoke can be seen for miles and miles during the day . "
te	NNS	I returned four games and twenty lost dollars later .
te	NN	he clarified our destination , since the airport was outside of the city a little ways .
te	NNS	Scrambled eggs and buttered toast .
te	NN	He waved goodbye and walked out the door .
te	NNS	" And you don 't have any records , any paperwork or anything ? "
te	NN	Miranda continued his statement .
te	NN	I wouldn 't cover this glorious mane for anything . "
te	NNS	While we 're there we can get our graduation dresses too . "
te	NNS	Catherine had got her exam results just before Christmas and they were good .
te	NN	Leta used the lurch to carry her forward a few steps .
te	NNS	" I 'll give you lessons . "
te	NNS	From my vantage point , I could see gigantic holes being ripped into the wing .
te	NNS	Together they had played games that Pierce later realized were meant to teach him the ability to think logically and to stay calm in distressing circumstances .
te	NN	" Give me your wallet . "
te	NNS	If he was going to surprise two women , he 'd arrive bearing gifts .
te	NNS	Louisa 's various cousins expressed their condolences and asked if there was anything they could do to help .
te	NN	Rohr emphasized the existence of the photos , leaving no doubt that the jurors would see them eventually .
te	NNS	Even picked up human habits . "
te	NNS	" Well if you keep doing a good job , in six months you 'll have lots of extra money .
te	NNS	Now stop stalling . "
te	NNS	" If I don 't return , they 'll send collectors after me .
te	NN	She surprised a mouse in one of the broken drawers , and nearly screamed as it zipped across the dirty floor in her path .
te	NN	Saw me blush at the sound of his name , rationalize his unexpected behavior .
te	NN	He 'd apparently renovated an old mill .
te	NNS	No question Tim would file assault charges against Bennett and we 'd be in a world of trouble .
te	NN	Otherwise , unless you kill me , I " ll poison your future career to the very best of my ability .
te	NN	" Did he know the defendant ? "
te	NN	I open my locker again and pull out my coat and my hat .
te	NN	I marked the tip of the shadow with another stone and waited .
te	NN	I hear the creak of a distant door opening .
te	NN	I pul ed the prize out , and we both desperately wanted it .
te	NN	Doggie screwed up his eyesight on computer screens purposely to attain a pooch 's smell for money .
te	NNS	" She bought cute little outfits for the twins and some fresh flowers for the dining-room table . "
te	NN	Mia had no clue what he was thinking and why he was so pleased .
te	NNS	" Ty ate pain killers for dinner after his accident .
te	NN	But , lucky for the kids and the bleacher bums like herself , they had perfect softball weather in which to enjoy the game .
te	NNS	" He 's been doing calculations .
te	NNS	She kept her voice expressionless .
te	NN	She took a bowl from her milk crate and set it on the ground .
te	NNS	We could always get the authorities to come back to rescue Scott .
te	NNS	" You carry swords . "
te	NN	And now you make an excellent lab rat .
te	NN	In one act , she 'd cured his headache and grounded him back in this reality .
te	NN	The autumn weather occasionally justifies a scarf these days , and today 's is bright orange with purple flowers .
te	NN	A few months earlier , she 'd twisted her knee playing volleyball .
te	NNS	If he had none , all Carpathians would contribute significant amounts to ease his way back into society .
te	NNS	The cake vendor watched the proceedings , arrested in the act of lifting another cake off his tiny coal stove .
te	NNS	As if he were trying to see into her heart and mind again , searching out her secrets .
te	NNS	Bren never kept secrets from his parents .
te	NNS	" Sorry , no veggie burgers here . "
te	NNS	Noah did have his uses , even if they were pointless most of the time .
te	NN	Misty 's voice came out a croak .
te	NNS	The soldier in the living room yelled loudly , but it didn 't slow his partner down .
te	NN	then he punched the wall so hard , it left a crack .
te	NN	Once he 'd gotten her scent , Tessa stroked the pretty white blaze , enjoying the soft hair and velvety skin of Buster 's muzzle .
te	NNS	" Sixty kilometers ! "
te	NN	I had no concept of the powers I was playing with or what I was asking for . "
te	NN	" I need some hot chocolate , " he told his housekeeper .
te	NNS	" Tell me , doesn 't she have some relatives she could move in with ?
te	NN	Steadily she moved down the aisle , forcing herself to count each cage .
te	NN	I sensed a huge lecture in my near future .
te	NNS	" Keep laughing assholes . "
te	NNS	" That would surely make fools of us , if y ' all got away with murder . "
te	NNS	" No , since a heated dryer causes my wings to build up static for a day .
te	NN	Leta fought every instinct : run , scream , cry rape , turn and strike .
te	NN	In his other hand he carried a copy of Mao 's Little Red Book .
te	NNS	" Yes , well , I already had lots of conversations with the both of them . "
te	NNS	In all directions there are simply rolling hills , drifting clouds , and the placid flowing smoothness of the running stream .
te	NNS	She had the sweeping cheekbones and a challenging sensuality in her curiously tilted eyes .
te	NNS	She and Beth and Ainsley drew up the lists of items to obtain and handed them out to the guests .
te	NN	Have you found your Cinderella ? "
te	NN	He saw the strain on his face .
te	NNS	" Alessandra , Helen dropped off some suitcases at the corporate suite this morning .
te	NN	At least Damien did the trick .
te	NNS	But you 've got all the chops you need .
te	NNS	He took our lessons quite seriously .
te	NN	I stood stock still , at a loss .
te	NN	He held the pin out to Eldred who dropped it into the crucible , and melted the silver ready to take its new form .
te	NNS	Christine still threw her tantrums and Lisa still cried at night , but they 'd adapted to life in the house without their mom .
te	NN	" You 're saying somehow an extremely rare gold coin just showed up in my daughter 's backpack ? "
te	NN	The mere thought of sex made his flesh ooze -- and Mila was the epitome of human lust .
te	NNS	Other scientists , including Nobel Prize winners , repeated these tests at both Edinburgh and Cornell universities .
te	NN	As MW vanished round the bend , Harry had the satisfaction of seeing the terror on his face .
te	NNS	I don 't know much about guns .
te	NNS	The other men of Count Lucien 's rank all carried swords ; a short dirk hung from his belt .
te	NNS	Despite her keen awareness she couldn 't read their expressions in the dark .
te	NN	" We couldn 't afford the rent .
te	NN	He held up his wallet again .
te	NNS	They climbed three flights , and then his guide knocked on a door .
te	NNS	She sneaked glances at him , and he was always the same .
te	NN	While grandpa was visiting another village , he met my grandma and they instantly fell in love .
te	NN	He 'd have rice instead .
te	NN	He took his wallet out of a pocket and retrieved a roll of notes .
te	NNS	To relax her guests ?
te	NN	He didn 't understand the concept .
te	NN	It gradually swelled his ego , more and more each day , slowly befriending its captive .
te	NNS	" We found your recipes . "
te	NNS	" Let the refugees in ! "
te	NN	I can feel the frown that penetrates my face .
te	NN	I gathered the light , breezy fabric just above my thigh , bunching the material against my purse as I held my leg up to him .
te	NNS	Both sides of the room displayed more jars , cans , books , and jewelry .
te	NNS	Sitting down in the same stool as she had the day before , Devon leaned her elbows heavily on the countertop and waited for someone to materialize .
te	NN	I grab my guitar and slip my hand into Nicole 's , leading her to my place .
te	NN	" It did the trick .
te	NN	He draped the dirty coverlet with shaking hands , but he made no attempt to touch the boy .
te	NN	With a hesitant move , I plucked the pin up and twirled it around in my fingers .
te	NN	Gretchen climbed the step stool and hung her curtain .
te	NNS	No , because then you wouldn 't have all these little receipts . "
te	NN	No way would Tim ever vacation in such a rustic place as this .
te	NNS	The Welsh want a few hostages of their own . "
te	NNS	The news segment of the screen drew up hot topics that it knew would be of special interest to its owner .
te	NNS	You have six rounds , then hand it off to one of these guys and they 'll give you a new one and reload for you .
te	NNS	Crisp air blows through the trees , pressing against her breastplate and she is grateful for her armor .
te	NN	She would accept his reassurance , smiling over at him from her window seat .
te	NN	Each must bear a mark to prove it . "
te	NN	I brushed away some straw from my knees and straightened up .
te	NN	I mean the Human Empire fleet .
te	NNS	She did all her usual domestic tasks , which gave her some comfort .
te	NNS	" Then perhaps you will lend me Lars . "
te	NNS	I 've seen lots of robots wear makeup .
te	NNS	Whoever had hired the men hadn 't spared any expenses ; the cargo van had been brand new .
te	NNS	I 've turned my bad habits into a living .
te	NN	We can take a nap and have tea later .
te	NN	He tested the exposed bone with his fingertips , fat stubs ending in a naked distal row of phalanges .
te	NN	" Gees , Claire ... have some mercy .
te	NN	Green placed the syringe against her skin and depressed the stopper all the way .
te	NNS	" Lucian likes games , Francesca .
te	NN	Staring at the front door , wishing someone was home who could help me , I felt despair enveloping me like mist on a foggy day .
te	NNS	" I have two Shadows after me , one who wants to kill me , another who wants to keep me .
te	NNS	But I have lots of cousins around here .
te	NNS	He knew their wives and their children .
te	NN	She had never sold her honor like I had ; perhaps that is why she ignored me .
te	NN	I left shame at the door the moment I stepped through the doors at Harvard . "
te	NN	He can swing an ax , so I sent him up by the mountain to cut wood .
te	NNS	" I don 't mean physically .
te	NNS	Biting her lower lip , she walked two grave markers away but didn 't read the names on them .
te	NNS	She 'd lost fifteen pounds this summer , and the loss left her looking skeletal and wan .
te	NN	I tapped my mouse , bringing up an email from my boss , Burke .
te	NN	During the times Jackson was a free man , I developed a routine of avoiding him .
te	NNS	I see lots of people from school .
te	NN	Taking one step forward I felt my legs wobble and retreated to the security of my chair .
te	NN	It streaks the surface of the stream with silver , makes the pale pebbles lining the banks glow slightly .
te	NN	He had a mostly full tank of petrol and a heavy right foot .
te	NN	" Well , in that case ... I , I do some tutoring . "
te	NNS	Most combat units carry one or two extra high grade charge loads with them for each individual .
te	NNS	No one 's had the guts to say it to your face .
te	NNS	He bore the scars of his childhood , but they made him even stronger , more powerful , and completely irresistible .
te	NN	I felt my heart beating quickly as I thought about Miss , my anonymous letter writer .
te	NNS	He took quick strides and returned to the group 's side .
te	NN	But maybe he was giving her a beating like he gave Will .
te	NN	That should give us the reserve we 'll need .
te	NN	Every religion has their symbol .
te	NN	Until then , keep my earring .
te	NN	Paris hugged the collar of her robe to her chin .
te	NN	And because of that , I choose his happiness .
te	NNS	I have enough worries on my mind , without adding you to the list . '
te	NNS	We were just putting the last touches on the decorations in the common room .
te	NNS	Pigeon loved maps and geography , and this put every map in existence to shame .
te	NN	She hadn 't yet experienced the full scope of Donovan 's job .
te	NNS	I 've driven a few kilometres already and it seems my family isn 't about to slow sown .
te	NN	I took the used tissue from her and chucked it in the trash , closing the album with my other hand .
te	NN	Her tears dampened the cotton of his shirt .
te	NN	We reached a compromise , though .
te	NNS	Nobody ever throws grenades in a mine unless they want to bring the roof down or die .
te	NN	His words sent a chill through me , but I couldn 't for the life of me utter a word .
te	NNS	She slowly trailed kisses down his chest and torso , taking her time to enjoy the taste of his skin .
te	NNS	The kitchen had hardly any cupboards and the table had one leg shorter than the other three .
te	NNS	Making a decision John said , " We 'll seek out the locations on the tapestries . "
te	NN	No one touched his mate .
te	NNS	In one or two cases , people had actually received verbal warnings from men in black not to discuss things they had seen .
te	NNS	" Your sister , however : like your niece , she sustained no injuries in the crash .
te	NN	He side-stepped a thrust , even as he parried a slash .
te	NN	Ever since he was little , he had had claustrophobia .
te	NN	Thomas straightened his collar .
te	NN	Pipes crisscrossed the sky overhead , leaking steam that trickled to the ground in lacy curtains .
te	NN	In light of these machinations , the Chief Justices have ordered the ambassador to five years guarded incarceration . "
te	NN	Opening her lips , she took the tip of him inside .
te	NNS	She just needs fluids and rest right now . "
te	NN	" I made a commitment to you and the RG , and I know the RG is on the right side of things . "
te	NNS	Not someone like Jean , who always botched the works and made green mashed potatoes .
te	NN	Aisha saw her cue .
te	NNS	Where would you like the tools ? "
te	NNS	He had seen similar results in the rats he had given the serum to .
te	NN	I let my lip pop free and a smile sneaks through .
te	NNS	" Mrs. White has her goons guarding your house .
te	NNS	" We take the puppies too . "
te	NN	I never used magick . "
te	NNS	I should 've tasted Echo 's sweets when I had the chance .
te	NNS	" Let 's see , you 'll probably eat three wings and one piece of pizza ? "
te	NN	Vlad 's mouth left my breast after a final lick .
te	NNS	Kane deliberately avoided any glances in the man 's direction .
te	NNS	" I 'm your father , " His voice turned ninety degrees until it had a hard edge .
te	NN	Now be silent , like any other bystander . "
te	NN	Amongst those around him there was hushed debate and disquiet , whether he was engaged in religion or magic .
te	NN	" You can 't enter the library at the Far Keep through the Mortal realm .
te	NN	Even through the neoprene of her wetsuit , he could feel the gentle curve of her hips .
te	NN	" Because I have made a discovery over here , in the spaceship . "
te	NNS	I dug out two white pills .
te	NNS	The Burkes adored their grandchildren , clung to them even tighter now that they 'd lost so much .
te	NN	He wore the bow crossed over his back , and a small quiver of arrows at his waist .
te	NN	With the shroud of a glamour suit , Eli walked up the sidewalk and into the girl 's house .
te	NN	He yanked the stele from her belt .
te	NN	" You do not understand the bond between us .
te	NNS	Michael read facial expressions as easily as other people read words .
te	NN	He unhooked the mule , scrambled aboard the wagon , and helped Butch to do the same .
te	NNS	I button the top few buttons on the way to the bathroom .
te	NNS	" Search organizations , initials : IW . "
te	NNS	Expose the affairs to their husbands or boyfriends . "
te	NN	John accepted the shell , blew into it gently , and whispered , " John Dart , in person and in truth . "
te	NNS	I stand motionless , watching them disappear into the blackness , realizing I might be the one and only person the vampires don 't want to touch .
te	NNS	Her father 's crazy will had left too many strings untied and too many questions unanswered .
te	NNS	The three adults exchanged glances , but they didn 't contradict me .
te	NN	She didn 't play any sport ; for exercise she had installed a treadmill in one of the bedrooms of her house .
te	NN	She felt her own heartbeat speeding out of control as he gave her a slow smile that curved one corner of his mouth into a flirtatious grin .
te	NN	I had a small flashback .
te	NN	" We have a strong foundation - " " I understand that you 've been having some ... personal trouble .
te	NN	The endless daylight created a realm of scorching heat that greatly impeded all progress in reestablishing civilization .
te	NN	The Green Fae didn 't consume meat , but their humanoid neighbors did .
te	NNS	The female servants far outweighed the males .
te	NNS	I weigh my options carefully , think everything through .
te	NN	" I have a simple device , only two inches square , that you attach at the front of the balloon .
te	NN	Ellie realized the link that she had been missing .
te	NNS	Will got the spoons and picked up the drinks , taking them across to the small table that Billy was putting the stews onto .
te	NNS	He handed me the pills and water .
te	NNS	Sometimes , they discussed new business ventures .
te	NNS	She was clearly taking the prospects of our adventure better than I was .
te	NNS	The landscaper and roofer had obviously fulfilled their threats to repossess the items Jack had yet failed to pay for .
te	NN	She wiped the moisture from her eyes and blinked a couple of times before picking up her water glass .
te	NNS	Would you have imposed controls on births ?
te	NN	I grabbed the stool sitting on the side of the stage and we played our version of Let Her Go once again .
te	NNS	If that wasn 't enough , he 'd shown her glimpses of a life she 'd never dared hope existed .
te	NN	" And you 're using that lack of information to buy his company from him early . "
te	NN	The trip must have taken its toll on him but it was something he needed to do for a long time .
te	NN	The other four made a semi-circle of bikes and attitude ten feet distant .
te	NNS	" None of the hand held F.M. units we have have that channel .
te	NN	Candace and Connie brought a large stack of sandwiches over , and both grabbed a cold drink , sitting down as Bob began to speak .
te	NNS	When Kenny could open his eyes again , he saw the last wisps of light being shut out by the closing door .
te	NNS	It has kept my secrets from the prying eyes of mortal men for countless years .
te	NN	I haven 't committed any crime , and this miscreant here is arresting me illegally . "
te	NN	I came down the ladder and stood next to her , eyeing the room critically .
te	NNS	He ... he weighed the costs and heartache of going through treatment against a couple years of his life and decided it wasn 't worth it .
te	NNS	Then in two swift movements he let out his wings and pushed up into the starry night sky .
te	NN	came the chorus of shouts .
te	NNS	This street has lots of trendy places .
te	NN	We had our victory against a superior force . "
te	NNS	They 've been building a fortress at the mouth of one of those rivers that runs down to the Sea of the East .
te	NNS	You know The Firm stinks , Mitch . "
te	NN	He squeezed her calf as his lips grazed her thigh .
te	NN	" Then learn a sport . "
te	NN	Each had a driveway , some had garages , some had carports , and some had the garage built in to add on additional living space .
te	NN	He pays my husband a good salary , but he also works him to the bone , driving harder and harder .
te	NN	" Watch any warrior who 's trying to dodge arrows and lances and you 'll see dance steps and footwork that would dazzle you . "
te	NN	He took an envelope out of the briefcase , opened it and pulled the paper out .
te	NNS	I loved the characters and the storyline .
te	NN	I was wearing makeup .
te	NN	But with enough feathers , one could start an avalanche .
te	NNS	" Laughing at how stupid you are , " Delilah laughed loudly .
te	NN	" Sounds like vacation to me . "
te	NN	Stop the witch , you stop the ghost . "
te	NNS	Cold sesame noodles , " I say , then I look away and he pets my hair .
te	NN	She still had a mild cough and a slightly raw sensation in her chest , but she was nearly healed .
te	NN	He 'd long since regretted his rash behavior and the cruel things he 'd said , but pride and hurt kept him from contacting her .
te	NN	Cursing under my breath , I didn 't even give her an explanation , just threw her some cash and walked away .
te	NNS	Covering the entire wall to his left , Ted could see bookshelves that were completely filled with books and binders .
te	NN	She added an extra oatmeal cookie to his lunch because , despite everything , she felt guilty about asking him to find another way home .
te	NN	" Then you know our dilemma . "
te	NNS	Do you like games ?
te	NN	Until she spoke her vows , he couldn 't quite allow himself the satisfaction he longed to revel in .
te	NN	Hilda could see Lea 's eagerness to know and it made her smile .
te	NNS	He could nearly see the bones .
te	NN	Cullen valued her opinion in trusting Mac ?
te	NNS	I always pay my debts . "
te	NNS	Instead of historic weapons , they housed our trophies .
te	NNS	" Twitch can spot the exits .
te	NNS	So , we have options .
te	NN	If I had the pill , I could clear the fog and treat the real problem .
te	NNS	Jones stood motionless for a long moment , then he hummed a doubtful sound and sank back into his chair .
te	NNS	I 'd rehearsed several approaches before I dialed his home number later that evening .
te	NN	He hit the accelerator hard .
te	NNS	" You should hear the fuss they 're making about the size of the central atrium on the second ship in the Leviathan class .
te	NNS	She hadn 't recovered the aunts .
te	NN	An old , beat-up pickup truck was bumping up the lane behind her .
te	NNS	The blood had soaked the ends of her hair , turning them a brilliant red .
te	NN	She rued her continuing awareness of Colin as a man .
te	NN	But even Eric has the instinct to kill another male 's cubs , although I know he never would act on it .
te	NNS	I 'm taking the essentials with me in the car .
te	NN	You could tumble down the decline , but could never hope to keep your feet planted unless you went down very slowly .
te	NNS	He scooped a few spoons of soup from the pot with a ladle and poured them into a wood bowl .
te	NN	Besides , " he says and arches his eyebrows , " have you even paid your rent yet ? "
te	NNS	Plastic coated , it had the colors of the Heritage Party , and pictures of leading Heritage thugs .
te	NN	" You have Romeo 's football hoodie on your bed .
te	NNS	The banks of the river were dotted with tiny villages , a few grass roofed huts shaded by palm trees .
te	NNS	Does your family have any Thanksgiving traditions you really like ?
te	NN	She grabbed the bill from the center of the table and gathered her things to stand .
te	NNS	Bouncing the baby in her arms , Rose placed kisses along her cheeks .
te	NNS	Reggie scanned the topics and was not surprised by anything on the page .
te	NN	He takes a swig of the water and then sets it back down .
te	NNS	And with what she knew they 'd be paid ... if asked , she might lick Mr. Princeton 's toes daily for that kind of salary .
te	NNS	It will go behind the hills soon , yess .
te	NNS	" Eighteen , but that 's likely to change , " the policeman said grimly .
te	NNS	They could not defeat their enemies even if they managed to somehow break apart the flagship .
te	NN	" They 're taking his red stallion down there .
te	NN	He grabbed a frightened pixie .
te	NN	Helen accepted the bowl and smiled at the woman with appreciation .
te	NNS	" That sounds real lonely , Freckles . "
te	NN	I had one bullet left .
te	NN	Daylight was taking its toll on her pregnant body .
te	NNS	The alpha enforces the laws within individual packs , but no pack would ever go against a council ruling . "
te	NN	I said and started down the ladder .
te	NN	" What worst-case scenario ? "
te	NN	We will bear this burden alone and we will make them pay . "
te	NN	And so she carved her final pumpkin in the late , Sunday afternoon hours .
te	NNS	Something inside me felt bruised at the fact he thought he was a killer and I wouldn 't love him anyway .
te	NN	" He 's got everybody watching everybody .
te	NN	I hesitantly pick up the glove and slip my hand inside .
te	NN	I pushed a bunch of leaves with an angry move .
te	NNS	He brushed off the grains of sand clinging to the sides as if they were huge , swollen germs .
te	NN	I 'll sign a contract , make a bargain , anything , if that 's what you want .
te	NNS	" Thanks again , " Jane told her in-laws .
te	NN	It can create a pinpoint link between any two ships , regardless of cosmic interference . "
te	NN	I brought the shield down upon the Palladium with all the force I could muster .
te	NN	He picked up the loaf of sourdough bread and tore off a slice .
te	NNS	They took seats at opposite ends of the couch .
te	NN	I hear a banging , then murmurs of conversation coming from somewhere nearby , some place outside of this room .
te	NNS	All along the barbarian coast you will find our colonies and settlements .
te	NN	" And I want a longer tail , but we can 't always get what we want , now can we ? "
te	NNS	The legs each had three joints , and each joint was loaded with tools .
te	NNS	They have two basic choices now : they can use the elevator , or they can climb the metal supports ( no stairs ) .
te	NN	I had a throbbing headache .
te	NN	He then extracted a handkerchief from his pocket and began dabbing his nephew 's face with it , trying to clean away some of the dirt .
te	NN	" After last night , black will do the trick . "
te	NN	At any rate , he unclipped the headset from his jeans and put it back on his head .
te	NNS	She grabbed the posters out of his hand and started crumpling them up .
te	NN	Little Spirit 's familiarity with venue and audience created intimacy .
te	NNS	Did she have the guts to enter ?
te	NN	One foot lost its rung , but his fingers clenched hard to keep himself perched .
te	NNS	I pull my headphones out of my ears and slow the treadmill down .
te	NN	All I 've done is bring drama and trouble to your life .
te	NNS	I make no bones about that .
te	NNS	" Ilya apparently paid the owners of the theater off . "
te	NNS	A couple of kids temporarily lost limbs , but nobody got torched .
te	NNS	He found the strings .
te	NNS	We dodged raindrops to reach it , then pushed it open , revealing an impressive atrium that stretched the full height of the building .
te	NNS	His grip actually caused the ends to crumple .
te	NN	I saw Sun dancing , while Scar watched them in amusement , staring at the beautiful lights arising from his body .
te	NN	At her dumbstruck expression , he bit out an explanation detailing the scene , the difficulties , the incredible power of the fire .
te	NN	Love Dad Next came a short passage clipped from one of the transcripts .
te	NN	Our own little studio .
te	NNS	The second bank branch produced much the same results with one major difference .
te	NN	I swallow a hiccup .
te	NN	Such a name gave it an importance that was unwarranted .
te	NN	This had eased her burden tremendously .
te	NN	No one could expect a lad in his twelfth year to greet the idea of a wife with anything but derision .
te	NNS	The horse raised his wings threateningly and plastered his ears against his neck .
te	NN	She reached the edged of the trees and started to climb .
te	NN	We have the linking , you and I. I doubt that it can be recreated with any other . "
te	NNS	The walls I see hold portraits .
te	NNS	I put the pregnancy tests up on the counter and didn 't make eye contact with the clerk .
te	NN	Near him , he noticed a peasant sifting through the battlefield , looting .
te	NNS	Pack your bags , Summer .
te	NN	With that under my arm , I marched down the driveway , heading to the main house .
te	NN	Still , I can face an existence like that or even the ultimate -- evisceration or true death .
te	NN	I 'll get a ton of food and be right back . "
te	NN	I couldn 't hold back the sob any longer .
te	NN	Renton abandoned the approach of implying he was still hiding something .
te	NN	I have no notion of what to do .
te	NN	Twitch gave a weak chuckle .
te	NN	You want your patrons to feel something when they look at the walls .
te	NNS	The Allens don 't want college scouts and coaches bothering Russell until he moves past his issues .
te	NN	Maynard fetched his kit and tossed it to Bert .
te	NNS	" Why don 't you find the art thieves ? "
te	NNS	" I 've made Laila speechless .
te	NN	The morning 's disgraceful revelations had had a heavy impact on her , and she was too stunned to say a word .
te	NN	Charles held the mug in both hands and walked over to examine her efforts .
te	NN	" Ha bloody ha .
te	NN	They had avoided discovery to this point , which had cost some of the sentries their lives .
te	NNS	" You 've ravished many fair maidens then ? "
te	NNS	" That 's it , " Norah said grimly .
te	NNS	" Why don 't they put up markers or something ? "
te	NN	I want a tattoo that makes a statement as to who I am . "
te	NN	Leaving a load of laundry in the washer overnight .
te	NNS	I hadn 't seen loose firearms in anyone 's house since I began cleaning .
te	NNS	It was only catching the glimpses of the loving father she remembered that kept Harriet strong , determined to bind her family together with ties of love .
te	NNS	Taking the full life memory of another person can have dramatic consequences to your personality and thinking .
te	NN	But before I can beg Art to stop , we hit the outer rim and are swallowed by a billion licks of ravenous flame .
te	NN	Paige handed the valet her ticket .
te	NNS	" So yeah , I won 't be needing your services anymore . "
te	NNS	The crawler would search archived data records for matches and perform an analysis of their relevance to the initial terms .
te	NN	Before her fell to her side , Ethan plucked a mum and presented it to her carefully .
te	NNS	Both of you have enjoyed enormous slices of good fortune in life .
te	NN	To get right to the point , I need somebody to manage the place for me .
te	NN	He couldn 't claim total victory , though , because those particular parts of his anatomy throbbed in time with the beat of his heart .
te	NN	She hurried along the passage to the foot of the stairs to fetch her youngest sister , Rose .
te	NNS	" What if she already sent those photos to the cops ? "
te	NNS	It had several tables with bizarre instruments and machines .
te	NNS	Something fluttered its glowing blue wings in front of her .
te	NNS	" I buy and sell companies like yours every day , son .
te	NNS	She had already identified the two suspects from mug shots , the angry gunmen who had stormed the clinic that morning demanding drugs .
te	NNS	It wins all the games .
te	NNS	For days , she 'd had romantic fantasies about kissing him , but she 'd been wrong .
te	NNS	Watching each other 's backs .
te	NN	As her dupatta slid off her head , he snapped his scarf off his neck , hurled it to the floor .
te	NN	" I had the biggest crush on him . "
te	NNS	Sara and Brian would have no such shackles to confine them in life .
te	NN	He took great satisfaction in hearing that splash .
te	NN	At one time he 'd seriously considered medicine as a career , but that had been an unlikely dream from the beginning .
te	NN	The trees formed a canopy over the road .
te	NNS	You must have searched a thousand desks .
te	NNS	I knew that whatever had caused that wave last night , it had serious consequences .
te	NNS	She received copies of those photographs in the mail that day .
te	NN	If two streams flowing in different directions come together , they mix and make a whirlpool .
te	NNS	I 've got more secrets than Fort Knox has money .
te	NN	Sit down , professor . "
te	NNS	We 're not allowed overnight guests .
te	NN	Oakes still tasted bitterness at the back of his throat .
te	NN	I could feel my face harden .
te	NNS	As I turned to go , she said , " By the way , don 't leave trash bags on the back deck , okay ?
te	NNS	" I do understand your concerns , but I think it might be dangerous to have either Samantha or James moved .
te	NN	Amanda watched her soberly , her hands in her lap .
te	NN	" Can I see Cupid 's bow ? "
te	NNS	" Well , that limits our options .
te	NN	We didn 't exit the penthouse for another two hours .
te	NN	But I had no clue .
te	NNS	" You 've had french fries before , right ? "
te	NN	" You have her access badge . "
te	NNS	Abe and Shorty exchanged glances .
te	NN	He urged his horse onward , to the point of exhaustion .
te	NNS	She had decisions to make , should she push Douglas to remove to his own quarters or should she entice him to stay .
te	NN	Standing back , he held the door wide-open .
te	NN	I examined the little electronic black square that dangled from the key chain and hit the button to pop the trunk .
te	NN	Get 50 % off the series at checkout with this coupon code !
te	NNS	We said our good-byes to everyone , offering congratulations again to Trevor and Megan .
te	NN	This one will make lucky thirteen . "
te	NNS	We 've never had guests leave for work from here . "
te	NN	As she examined us , I observed a variety of things about her as well as her parlor .
te	NN	Here -- " He took a small notebook from his inside pocket and tore out a sheet .
te	NNS	She 'd enjoyed their kisses as much as he had .
te	NN	" Why are you always keeping score ? "
te	NNS	Daren placed two white pills in her palms .
te	NN	" People want an explanation .
te	NN	The move had the unfortunate consequence of aligning their faces .
te	NNS	The room settled , snacks in hand .
te	NNS	That could mean invaders , or it could mean sisters .
te	NNS	We snatched our belongings , and I opened the door into the hall .
te	NNS	I 've passed more comfort zones than I 'd realized .
te	NN	She unwrapped a piece of gum , then wadded up the wrapper and tucked it in the roadie 's jacket pocket .
te	NNS	There were jumping castles and the swings were a preference too .
te	NNS	I 'd encountered bitches .
te	NNS	He scanned the files with his finger until he found the 1860s .
te	NN	Leigh picked his wallet up from the desk and handed it to him .
te	NNS	He had some flesh wounds that Joshua would have to take care of , but nothing that wouldn 't heal .
te	NNS	Hugh tore open antiseptic pads and cleaned around the puncture marks so gently she barely knew he touched her .
te	NN	He 's expecting a housing application to go through and then we 'll have a permanent address . "
te	NN	She 'd turned her ankle .
te	NNS	" Round characters in Aspects of the Novel . "
te	NN	But on the whole , leaving the exterior of the mountain largely unchanged .
te	NNS	She remembered other symbols , shining dangerously against the smooth metal hull of a ship .
te	NN	He pulled his bow and shot again , and his arrow took the fellow in the forehead .
te	NN	Then I turned the beam forward and squealed again .
te	NNS	He stopped , motionless , every ten paces or so ... . .
te	NNS	( So you can read Japanese characters ?
te	NNS	I received the results before I left the Compound .
te	NNS	Dean rested his elbows on the desk and interlocked his fingers together .
te	NNS	Mairi had a few misgivings when she had seen that Damen hadn 't touched a single thing in her closet .
te	NNS	How 'd you get so lucky , Pris ? "
te	NN	The Mage offered the name Cain , but Robyn did not believe him .
te	NNS	Leave any loose ends when you died ? "
te	NNS	Why are you playing games , girlfriend ? "
te	NNS	John shook the grains of loose sand from his clothing and stood upright in the passageway again .
te	NN	And then I feel the hot lick of his tongue .
te	NNS	Nick worked the controls , pitching the nose and leaning into a bank .
te	NN	I didn 't said a word , just sighting .
te	NN	They left the snaking gambling den without another word .
te	NN	" You 're dating a British general ? "
te	NN	Returning to her desk Marcia keyed the intercom and directed Richard to come up to the house .
te	NNS	On Saturday they bought groceries from Papa Bills .
te	NN	Gia pulled the ham and cheese from the bread , rolled them together and took a bite , discarding the bread .
te	NN	" How about you make the salad ? "
te	NNS	As far as I can tell , modern technology is merely replacing Humans by doing the exact same thing only at a lower cost and faster rate .
te	NN	" Once a klutz ... " I held my broom with one hand , the dustpan with the other .
te	NN	" Warrior destroyed the dock , not your explosives . "
te	NNS	But for some reason a lot of the girls in our class annoy the piss out of me .
te	NN	So I needed a heat source .
te	NNS	And I 'd begin proceedings to recover the remains .
te	NN	I present to you the former leader of the Bastian Hunters , Tomas Godard . '
te	NNS	Can you see the hooks ? "
te	NN	I kissed the tip and smiled .
te	NN	He fought his body 's demand to drag her back into bed while she looked over her shoulder and out the door .
te	NN	She felt a thrill of excitement .
te	NNS	The corpse , however , lay motionless .
te	NNS	Since they tended to grab things with their feet , they used ' gloves ' to walk around and grab other surfaces .
te	NNS	Only very rarely did corrugated metal sheets fly from the roofs of the fourth floor Infirmary towers on bird workers passing by .
te	NNS	" I think he wouldn 't mind causing a little chaos , " Jeremy smiled grimly .
te	NN	How they seek to bring about peace yet use violence and murder as the means to do it .
te	NN	He wrote out a dated bill of sale .
te	NN	One of Sable 's hands left her breast and slipped between her legs .
te	NNS	Tell the readers who he is .
te	NNS	That draws tourists and nature lovers , as well as photographers .
te	NN	Because once the molecules communicated , you had a primitive network .
te	NN	" We found a whole section of this building that 's off limits to kids .
te	NN	She grabbed the bow of the scout in front of her and yanked it out of his hands .
te	NNS	We say our goodbyes and then make our way to the elevators .
te	NNS	Norman climbed the narrow rungs to the top of the sub , and saw the small circular hatch opening .
te	NNS	And so , they brushed aside such warnings ... and this was the ancient brotherhood 's single greatest sin .
te	NN	" When I 'm done , you 'll have no honor .
te	NN	He drew a stele from his belt and handed it to her .
te	NNS	We will complete the foundations for the new bridge this summer and build the bridge this winter .
te	NNS	We have two homes , our home on earth and our home in heaven .
te	NN	They had a strange animal grace .
te	NN	Gretchen explained her analysis of her mother 's ability to hide an elephant , about how convenient the police search had been .
te	NN	Setting it aside , she opened the kit of palm knives and hefted each one in her hand , finally deciding on a smaller , slimmer model .
te	NN	He brings out his iPhone and shows me pictures .
te	NNS	As the forest was enclosing all around her , she heard thundering hooves over the sound of the horse 's she was on .
te	NNS	" Och , me and the boys are discussing some important tactics here , girls .
te	NN	Unlike every other product land has no competition .
te	NNS	She shuffled the folders to a more comfortable position in her arms and walked away from him .
te	NNS	" Tomorrow , " he said , " we will return our medals to the GP . "
te	NNS	Robert had studied maps of the lake , so when Virgil identified the creeks he was able to pinpoint their location .
te	NN	I left the clipboard on the bed and went across the hall to Piper 's room .
te	NNS	And India , why do we have no dolls from India ?
te	NNS	At the slow , steady contact , she felt the first pulsing strands of desire .
te	NN	He lost his copy .
te	NNS	Smite your enemies and send them back to the plane of Pandemonium from whence they came . "
te	NNS	" The difficulties in resolving these conundrums soon engendered tendencies toward Gnostic Relativity -- the view that nothing 's ever absolutely true .
te	NNS	She pulled back , her eyes narrow slits .
te	NN	" I liked sailing : sun , water , sky ; you 're like a dot at the center of everything . "
te	NN	" Surely you have some influence over him .
te	NN	Which pulls another agent away from his work . "
te	NNS	" I haven 't killed any EOD agents . "
te	NNS	His glance toward Chris and Melissa set Cassie 's hackles on edge .
te	NNS	" Despite what the captain thinks of me , I do have principles .
te	NNS	" You have choices . "
te	NN	Maria 's cheeks now had a healthy , red colour .
te	NN	He wheeled around to me , his expression glacial .
te	NN	Noah took out his wallet and threw down a couple of bills to cover the total plus a big tip .
te	NNS	She took her responsibilities seriously and would never betray her husband , even if that husband were unfaithful to her .
te	NN	He rubbed his nasal device , just in case it needed it .
te	NN	He turned downtown , and I followed , hurrying to keep up .
te	NNS	The temperature had already dropped some twenty degrees , and it was apparent that a cold rain would soon be upon them .
te	NN	As the candle flame lengthened , Karen saw the source of the clicking .
te	NN	The rest of us will join the drumming in a minute . "
te	NNS	Irritated , Tucker skipped the formal introductions .
te	NN	He would then copy the passage down to paper and mark through the words that he did not recognize .
te	NNS	He continued his steady thrusts against me as I wrapped my arms around him and held him to me .
te	NN	And so she commenced her journey away from it , in time with the night on our way to the other side of the world .
te	NN	Wayne paused his beating while Eileen cowered against a tree .
te	NNS	He watched the ashes from the fire flicker upward into the darkness .
te	NNS	I see the worried expressions of both Logan and Gage as a swarm of hands reach for me haphazardly with a gaping hole in the middle .
te	NNS	The shapeshifter had learned early in his life the secrets of the dark arts .
te	NN	Stefan examined the heel .
te	NN	Then we 'll have an entire regiment on our side , plus a group of confused Forgiven realizing how they 've been played . "
te	NNS	I unfurled my wings and pushed off the bed , careful of my leg .
te	NNS	Kate applied the flakes to Peter 's face , applying it to the corners of his mouth and eyes .
te	NNS	Shadows left the recesses , gathering in the pool of light .
te	NNS	He had all kinds of thoughts going through his head .
te	NN	" We didn 't write the brief sheet for you to question it , we need a prognosis . "
te	NNS	They used zoning maps from the city offices and came up with the usual kind of thing .
te	NNS	And on that map were marked two spots . "
te	NNS	She must make her own decisions .
te	NN	" I heard Cleopatra 's sudden gasp but ignored it .
te	NNS	I carry shafts of polished gems which are clustered into a single bouquet , not pretty soft flowers .
te	NN	He didn 't offer any other explanation , and , for once , she didn 't pester him .
te	NNS	The boat itself only had four seats .
te	NN	For some reason , Harper took massive offense to this for some reason .
te	NN	With considerable astonishment , Mackie put down the paperwork he was doing .
te	NN	While I mopped the floors , she threw the trash , washed the windows and dusted what sparse furniture was there .
te	NNS	" My dog only does live searches .
te	NN	She was wearing only a long T-shirt , which covered her underwear , thankfully .
te	NNS	Her scent , the aroma of her perfume , enticed even the blind beggars on the outskirts of the market to follow her steps .
te	NN	As much as Ryan appreciated the changes in his family home , he couldn 't hide his sarcasm .
te	NNS	They have these large holes in them , which she 's filled with black buttons that have red dots in the center .
te	NN	Ashe pulled ham and mayo from the fridge .
te	NN	Has a relatively short life span , among its other peculiar characteristics .
te	NN	He wore a heavy black shawl over his long tunic .
te	NN	She placed a bowl of water down , and he took care of that , too .
te	NN	They disconnected the link .
te	NN	He shrugged his uncertainty .
te	NNS	" How many calories do you think that has ? "
te	NNS	Playing video games , about to go to bed . "
te	NN	We watched the surf together .
te	NNS	She felt her manners creaking into gear under the woman 's sharp gaze .
te	NN	The sergeant handed over a signed travel authorization and told him to take one of the jeeps parked in front of the headquarters .
te	NN	She put more warm oil on her hand and began applying firmer pressure where the nerve and muscle were attached to the bone .
te	NN	I can get a limited license for work . "
te	NN	Next came the interview !
te	NNS	He 'd finally shown his true colors , and I was going to kill him for it .
te	NNS	" Honestly , Healer , don 't you know the laws of Fairy ?
te	NNS	Smith squeezed off two careful rounds .
te	NNS	I put all my eggs in one basket with The Train Wrecks and I found in the end I had none of that left . "
te	NNS	When the temperature had been 116 degrees .
te	NN	She did the cooking .
te	NNS	Perhaps some of them even shared Sarah 's concerns that he was getting too old to investigate murders .
te	NNS	Looking up at her dashboard , her instruments were showing completely different readings from each other .
te	NN	I gently rocked my torso back and forth .
te	NNS	But , that doesn 't change the fact that in this case , just being strong can 't cover up our differences .
te	NNS	Then you must remember Lars too . "
te	NNS	" Hot cross buns , hot cross buns !
te	NNS	I don 't think dying hurts .
te	NN	The Germans used poison gas first , but the British followed suit .
te	NNS	And then there were looming black shapes all around them .
te	NN	I just love your accent . "
te	NNS	" I 'm just giving options , Ham .
te	NNS	I take a few long strides and grab hold of her waist .
te	NNS	They illuminated the vast twisting columns of the smoke , rising above them .
te	NNS	" Like I told you , we both received invitations to his aunt 's for dinner . "
te	NN	But she wore the expensive cape she 'd insisted on buying .
te	NN	She has this collar around her neck , like they put on dogs .
te	NNS	I took some lessons at the club last spring after I got back from China .
te	NN	And the sound of his voice made my kneecaps tingle .
te	NN	Matt took her cue and stepped back , crossing his arms to give her space .
te	NN	I hear a bunch talking bout it and him in hearing though . "
te	NN	I could hear his heart beating right next to my ear .
te	NN	" You like meat .
te	NNS	We took the backs off of our insignia and punched them into each other 's chest .
te	NNS	Kaylie led the cheers .
te	NNS	The envelope held two airline tickets and seeing his and Megan 's names in print made his gut hurt worse than moving .
te	NN	She carefully unfolds a sheet of paper , smoothes it with her hand , and positions it between Tracy and me .
te	NNS	I knew only one Gladys .
te	NN	Seemingly an eternity for you .
te	NN	She rang the bell and was immediately bombarded with hugs and kisses .
te	NN	Somebody fixed the birth certificate , but there are no doctor or hospital records .
te	NNS	" Don 't even try and play games with me , Jasmine .
te	NNS	Lucy had brought sketches of her original vision , one based on the other Elite sites around the country .
te	NN	Aside from a veritable jungle of flowers , Mrs. Heath grew the largest squash and pumpkins in the county .
te	NN	He took a virginity pledge !
te	NNS	He unloaded all his groceries inside the small kitchen and seemed more than happy with his space .
te	NNS	Cloud exchanged glances with Clarence .
te	NN	If I whimpered she would get angrier .
te	NNS	They were still rounding up a few lower-level thugs at the end of his trial .
te	NN	" You 're comparing sushi to fried Twinkies ? "
te	NN	He had a sheet of paper in his hands and was staring at it , his eyes wide .
te	NN	Forte flipped open his wallet to his driver 's license and investigator 's license .
te	NNS	A draft stirred the ashes in the fireplace .
te	NNS	Garnet had initially enlisted the services of the New York based professional during his first unsuccessful attempt at building the world 's tallest structure .
te	NNS	" We never had chickens .
te	NN	As she finished perfecting her outfit , she quickly put her makeup on and ran downstairs for breakfast .
te	NNS	All she did was put the eggs in the water . "
te	NNS	If Kian would kill my mother , he would have no qualms in killing me .
te	NNS	Dr. Hernandez pressed a few buttons on the remote , causing the picture to morph into a projection .
te	NN	He looked up , a twinkling in his eyes .
te	NNS	She left the golden swords ; they 'd only slow her down .
te	NN	They confirmed the identity and rank of Anatolian Smith .
te	NNS	Captain Max shoved some file folders around his desk , which he did when trying to relieve his temper .
te	NNS	Death unfolded its wings , allowing her to step out and crouch beside the shadow .
te	NNS	The attacker threw Zeus to the wall but Zeus didn 't linger .
te	NNS	Very few of the souls traveling wore cloaks of any kind , since obviously that wasn 't the fashion trend above ground .
te	NN	He wore a short , white , Roman tunic , belted at the waist by a golden chain .
te	NN	A gin bottle played a tattoo on the edge of a glass .
te	NNS	At the barrier , the steeds pumped their wings , doing their best to hover in front of each other .
te	NN	North balanced the Styrofoam bowl in her palm and held it over his head .
te	NNS	" The victim was clad in ... wool socks .
te	NNS	" The Campbells have lived on this farm for fifty years , " David said grimly .
te	NN	He nodded and blew his whistle again , calling , " All aboard ! "
te	NN	" He needed lip balm , of course .
te	NNS	But before you go , I printed out some song sheets for you to practice for next time .
te	NNS	Only enough money to sate their twisted pleasures .
te	NNS	In her experience , men didn 't have funny bones .
te	NN	Together they searched the cellar and the ground-floor rooms meticulously , finding little but rubbish and dust .
te	NN	" You have a dust pan ? "
te	NN	The contact sent a jolt of desire pinging through her , and she pulled away stiffly .
te	NN	John reached the mass first and in one fluid motion , side stepped the first and brought his dagger up into the stomach of another .
te	NNS	Jessica lifted the offending groceries from her mother 's grip and removed them to the safety of the living room .
te	NN	I could feel her panicked little heart beating rapidly against mine .
te	NNS	On rare occasions , being the wounded party has its perks .
te	NNS	One of them holds down my ankles , and the other holds down my shoulders as Peter pulls black straps across my body to keep me pinned .
te	NN	Now , ready the load .
te	NNS	Charles pulled the binoculars from between his knees and aimed them at the bird .
te	NN	He tore his cloak off and battled the inferno .
te	NN	Arnie had bought my contract . "
te	NN	Magnus shifted the burden in his arms .
te	NNS	You and I have the exact same shifts for the next six weeks .
te	NN	He has no Stone to see with , and cannot answer the summons .
te	NN	" Has a very distinct Scottish accent .
te	NNS	They can identify Sentinels , and when it comes to Sentinels , Caretaker law supersedes everything else .
te	NN	" Eventually , he found a Caster whose blood gave him a mutated version of his own power .
te	NNS	She wasn 't wearing panties .
te	NNS	They painted their toes , talked and ate .
te	NN	" I got the syringe .
te	NNS	They set their own futures .
te	NN	I had always seen the uncertainty stretched beneath his hooded lids ; I had chosen to ignore this .
te	NN	I buckle my seatbelt .
te	NNS	" Funny , I don 't remember any introverted , stammering writers in your books . "
te	NNS	Enrique had demanded even more favors from Diego 's mother , but she 'd managed to put him in his place over that .
te	NNS	They halted a few meters before a dais covered with luxuriant red fabric .
te	NN	She then pulled the axe from his head , and turned to face Callum .
te	NNS	At that point , he 'll hand over the copies as long as we let him and Anna go free . "
te	NNS	Jetta 's dad not only gave her kung-fu lessons but a taser .
te	NN	" Oh such good timing , Captain , I just finished the skeleton and I must say it is perfect .
te	NNS	Even still , I could feel the flickers of tension coming from him .
te	NN	I took the liberty of arranging for lunch in here . "
te	NN	We picked the adventure knowing there 'd be no end but a bloody one .
te	NN	" To what do I owe this honor ? "
te	NN	He locked up , every muscle , every cell .
te	NNS	If Christophe hadn 't been with her last week , she might now be facing assault charges .
te	NN	" You need an ambulance . "
te	NNS	The harsh wind whipped up the ends of their cloaks and tore at their faces .
te	NN	But the planter has a front end disc that cuts the stalks before the seeds are released .
te	NN	He felt the heat wafting across his body , hot wind through hot air .
te	NNS	In the few seconds of silence between us , I debated my options .
te	NN	" It even has four wheel independent suspension .
te	NN	Shane snagged half her sandwich from her plate as he passed .
te	NNS	" You have two choices , Annabelle .
te	NN	McCreary 's Soul Seed Catalog read the title .
te	NNS	He used our services a lot .
te	NNS	But fantasy or no , things like that had consequences in the real world .
te	NNS	Six young boys and a dozen middle-aged men were playing games on the two courts , and squeaks and grunts filled the fenced-in area .
te	NNS	" Like something out of those old ' See Spot run ' readers for kids . "
te	NN	I studied art for a couple of years until it got boring .
te	NN	She broke another cookie , and read the fortune .
te	NN	They all understood the special bond between him and his National Security Advisor , and they all resented it .
te	NN	He put foil in the bottom of the oven to catch drippings and I imagine he did the same thing with the grill . "
te	NNS	I could see his cheekbones from my hiding place .
te	NN	Finally , I released my grasp from the poll I had held onto for dear life and stood straight up .
te	NNS	In the village they had won the races against the other children .
te	NN	Theo looked over the heap of rejected parts .
te	NNS	We can get our butterfly nets and chase after butterflies ! "
te	NNS	We count the jars in the cellar .
te	NNS	I clasp my ankles around his tapered waist , and he bears my weight as if it were nothing .
te	NNS	" May I take your bags ? "
te	NN	Or maybe he has an account you don 't know about . "
te	NN	" You want collateral ? "
te	NNS	Danika squeezed her eyelids tightly closed , blocking the tears forming there .
te	NN	Zoey admired her boomerang .
te	NNS	And every item still had the tags on them .
te	NNS	What kind of person plays games with people 's lives that way ?
te	NNS	They sported tiny wings and broad grins .
te	NN	He wagged his tail before turning around and heading out of the kitchen .
te	NN	Doc had left his pipe .
te	NN	The movement sent another jolt of pleasure through me , making me wince from the sheer torture .
te	NNS	For the first time I could ever remember , I actually left her speechless .
te	NN	Jenna studied the fog and shook her head .
te	NN	Jack scrambled up the embankment , the loose sand crumbling beneath his fingers with each frantic grasp .
te	NNS	" We need bandages . "
te	NNS	A gunshot cracked loudly .
te	NN	Jill yanked the coverlet from the bottom of the bed and wrapped it around herself .
te	NN	Jennifer feigned a heavy Southern Belle accent which lapsed into a chuckle .
te	NN	The ring catches on the net of my glove and grips the bone of my finger .
te	NN	Captain Mack didn 't show a flicker of concern .
te	NN	Hali could not repress a gasp .
te	NN	She puts a marshmallow on a stick for him and holds it out so he can grip it .
te	NN	Harriet attended the tea and cookies ceremony almost every day , but I 'm not a cookie person and , so far , had not partaken .
te	NNS	I turn the voice and hand controls on , because using the chip gives me a headache .
te	NNS	But just glancing from the new galley to the more usual Greek ones , resting on the strand , he could see differences .
te	NNS	But we 'll run a few more tests to verify . "
te	NNS	Together with a group of friends , we hang up posters and spread the word .
te	NNS	After we parked , the guys grabbed our bags and quickly shuffled me into the building .
te	NNS	He had little shiny patches of skin all over his muscular arms and chest , presumably where specks of hot metal had burned him over the years .
te	NNS	" Now you just need the owners . "
te	NNS	He ignored the resultant hammering and stifled bellows , and made his way through the foreign files .
te	NN	asked the sheriff , with an air of elaborate patience .
te	NNS	" I guess romantic dinners and walks by the river are out of the question ? "
te	NNS	He 'd always made decisions first and explained himself to no one .
te	NN	But not all of us have such a convenient outlet . "
te	NNS	Why wouldn 't she acknowledge the gifts she had been given ?
te	NNS	He could just make out some big rat shapes pouring through the hole .
te	NN	" I changed the gas and returned it to them .
te	NNS	I memorized the contours of his bed and nestled into the imprint of his body .
te	NNS	We had our backs towards each other , in a protective circle around Kiran .
te	NN	But dolls and toys gave him such sweet happiness that he imagined he would never hereafter be without them .
te	NN	She calmly folded the tunic before hanging it over her arm .
te	NN	I nodded unhappily and her face hardened .
te	NN	I pulled the trigger without hesitation .
te	NNS	She handled disputes and problems personally .
te	NN	My hand gently touched the ebbing radiance .
te	NNS	She taught me all the different colors of mold , allergic reactions , and where it grows .
te	NN	I have a ton of questions I 'm dying to ask him .
te	NN	" Then I will send another Valkyrie down here .
te	NNS	A split second later Ethan grabbed the binoculars from Matt and caught a glimpse of the disfigured corpses before the last truck crested the pass .
te	NNS	It had multiple decks with plenty of space for sitting in comfort .
te	NNS	A young aristocrat , scarcely old enough to shave , nervously tapped his fingertips on the table whilst striving to look bored .
te	NNS	We had just reached the outskirts of The Vale and were now about to enter a different part of the redwood forest .
te	NNS	Enchanted fireflies had replaced the cherry petals , illuminating those revelers who were still going strong .
te	NNS	Inside , Davion and Father Corin spoke loudly , as if from across the room from each other .
te	NN	" Stuck like a rat in a trap .
te	NNS	As he waddled the last few feet he tugged his sleeves down to cover his left hand , in which the needle was situated .
te	NN	She 'd completely forgotten her cloak , so in a hurry had she been to get out of her chamber .
te	NNS	Rosie didn 't have any concerns about being away from the horses .
te	NNS	... Miranda juggled two grocery bags and kicked the door shut behind her .
te	NNS	Also , get some reporters ' notebooks from the bookstore .
te	NNS	They hadn 't gone fifty meters before they found Schmidt .
te	NNS	Mandy lay motionless at her side , watching Jason as though he 'd just scolded them both .
te	NN	" I 'm just making a sandwich . "
te	NN	Anyway , when we 're back in the city I 'll get a taxi when I want to go out . "
te	NNS	" Before the assassins ? "
te	NNS	She caught glimpses of the boy behind the man , the son of two parents who had loved Gray in very different ways .
te	NNS	I searched the drawers for clothes , discovering that Gabe 's sister and I had similar taste .
te	NN	He paid the bill and left .
te	NN	He spotted a narrow ledge on the other side of the rail that led off the bridge and angled down to the walkway below .
te	NNS	His smile lit up the dark corners of her heart .
te	NNS	The emperor systematically destroyed all the towns and villages up there .
te	NN	Your very own dimension . "
te	NN	As mundane as it was , he had his own errand to run that day : grocery shopping .
te	NN	He considered deceit in an effort for making her angry enough to leave the fair .
te	NNS	" Ach , well , maybe I 'll show you my secret hiding spots . "
te	NN	He touched her right breast , cupping its weight in his hand , massaging , up and around , until it was erect .
te	NN	I took another quick puff on the joint before passing it back to Jax .
te	NNS	When can we see your files ? "
te	NN	Chuck approached the casket to pay his respects .
te	NN	Turning to tell the children , I 'll be right back , I see Paul whispering to Julianne , his expression grave .
te	NN	Once you have burned off the excess calories , you may conclude your routine . "
te	NNS	The whole monstrosity distended downwards from the ceiling .
te	NNS	I can also attach the photos and records we 've found as well .
te	NN	It had a lilt , soft and barely discernable .
te	NN	Continuing down the seemingly endless path , Rift suspiciously scouts overhead , the dark canyon void of any illuminating crystals .
te	NNS	I 'm boring holes in the tooth of an arctic fox . "
te	NN	The two men followed the shepherd , going slower , having to pick themselves over rubble and around boulders .
te	NN	Old man Gabe has a crush on my girl . "
te	NN	Felix had been swallowing the poison throughout the entire conversation .
te	NN	They had the gas in the kitchen going and a hot meal was being provided to everybody .
te	NNS	Some of these go back decades . "
te	NNS	Cameron pressed kisses to Ainsley 's neck .
te	NN	That young officer who once rode with Braddock had resigned his commission and accepted land bounty for helping the British during the French and Indian War .
te	NNS	A small smile stretched the corners of Nicholas 's mouth .
te	NNS	He was still making purchases at a bar down the street .
te	NNS	They could use the flares for fires , if they had to .
te	NNS	" But I 'll share your choices and your life 's developments no matter what they are .
te	NN	I grabbed the Hawk from behind and hauled him off of her .
te	NN	I put the envelope on the kitchen counter and go to top up my coffee .
te	NNS	Sabrina tapped her fingertips together .
te	NN	That did the trick .
te	NN	Bill knew the art of putting a deal together .
te	NN	They need a leader like none other who can bind them together into a single people group with one purpose in mind . "
te	NN	Want a career for herself ? "
te	NNS	Lucien 's lips tightened grimly .
te	NNS	Your decisions drive events , Jazz .
te	NNS	" Guards , " she looked at the guards and firmly stated , " search the premises . "
te	NNS	Though she trusted Dare implicitly , their digging had turned up some Marsden family skeletons .
te	NNS	Then I pulled my best life-threatening fight moves meant to instill fear in the hearts of all .
te	NNS	The garment had no sleeves , and the muscles of his arms looked as big as barrels .
te	NN	He slipped the model into his pocket .
te	NNS	The backhoe would remove the roots .
te	NN	Adjusting the cyclic stick and collective pitch , he angled their plunge to the south .
te	NN	" You would make a pretty good leader . "
te	NNS	I placed the two dolls on my bedside so I could see them every night when I went to sleep .
te	NN	" Forget the honeymoon suite .
te	NNS	He exhaled on a low groan , sliding his hands through her hair and trailing moist , damp kisses down her cheek , lingering against her throat .
te	NN	Taking a second , I tested the bond for Seth .
te	NNS	Technically , he had committed high treason .
te	NNS	But , they broadcast the fights there on the vids . "
te	NNS	Clean , empty drawers , not even dust bunnies .
te	NN	They 'd started a scholarship foundation .
te	NN	The anemic forested slopes struggle in their recovery .
te	NNS	Instead , storm clouds spun and raged around his black pupils .
te	NN	" But how will I make rent ?
te	NNS	During these times , he had suffered wounds that were far worse and lost more men .
te	NN	She met the thrust of his tongue with her own .
te	NNS	He charged at the line of enemies just as his spear fully extended , He saw the shocked expressions on his enemies ' faces .
te	NNS	She 'd heard the vehicles that sometimes came and went in the night , but she usually didn 't get up to see who was driving .
te	NN	" It doesn 't have an alarm . "
te	NN	He rang the doorbell , daring her to not answer the door .
te	NN	Lake grabs the french fry and throws it back at him .
te	NNS	I had taken Bull 's binoculars and had used them to get a better look at the supposed severed hand .
te	NN	Vulcan then delivered a punch to Auron 's stomach .
te	NNS	" Approximately 400 meters in diameter .
te	NN	" Got ta ' go sweetheart .
te	NN	From this angle , he could see down her cleavage .
te	NNS	" Consult the scissors ? "
te	NNS	I can 't stand bitches around me during the moon . "
te	NNS	I always repay my debts . "
te	NN	The seven horsemen encircled the barbaric individual , beating on him from a distance with their clubs .
te	NN	" By the end of the conversation you reach the conclusion that you don 't exist .
te	NNS	She stroked her fingertips down my tie .
te	NN	Claire watched the exchange , clearly unhappy .
te	NN	He handed me a brochure .
te	NNS	So , I have a few guesses at the moment .
te	NNS	How can we make decisions when we have no joy ?
te	NNS	He despised their beliefs , and their cowardice .
te	NN	" Not to mention the salary .
te	NNS	She was passing out flyers by the door ? "
te	NNS	You don 't fire lawyers .
te	NN	" Kill the phoenix , " Sabine whispered .
te	NNS	She twisted the last few strands of Val 's hair and pinned them .
te	NN	" Now , she must receive my judgment ! "
te	NNS	He has several theories about this dream , but remains puzzled about its meaning .
te	NNS	Otherwise , the members won 't accept the debts as being paid by King .
te	NN	Call the fleet in hyperspace .
te	NNS	" Mom , you 're burning the eggs ! "
te	NN	She used a bowl of water and strips of rag ; and left them in for several hours , during which time I wrestled with the mending .
te	NNS	I had two options here .
te	NN	The color emphasized the absurd innocence of her youthful appearance even as the strange shadow loomed behind her in a silent threat .
te	NNS	Going down on one knee , they leveled a dozen or so semiautomatic rifles on me .
te	NN	He felt a peculiar detachment as he reached back over his shoulder and drew his sword .
te	NN	" Yes , he had pneumonia . "
te	NNS	" Even if you can hardly see the scars . "
te	NN	I shouldn 't pass judgment .
te	NN	said my old lab partner .
te	NNS	Mary dug her heals in refusing to budge .
te	NN	" I 've overheard your grandfather -- he believes your family is special , set apart , that only you were meant to survive this disaster .
te	NN	" I 'm a goddess , " she spoke , her Greek accent smooth and cultured .
te	NN	He 's got a major crush on you , if guys can still get crushes at this age .
te	NNS	Their horses had similar characteristics of being fast and strong , but oftentimes they lacked endurance .
te	NN	Did she hear an accent , something European ?
te	NN	I missed my grandmother 's cooking , too .
te	NNS	A large , semicircular foyer received guests under a 30-foot ceiling , breaking off into hallways like spokes from a wheel .
te	NNS	She stuffed her socks in her shoes and set them away from the water .
te	NNS	His eyes locked onto his wife 's , ignoring the other guests as he crossed the room , feeling more and more real by the moment .
te	NN	Buttery soft fingertips caressed the arch of one , then the other , sending electric currents racing through the rest of him .
te	NN	I 'm getting a headache .
te	NNS	Then Boone searched the national databases for any fugitives who might be on the run in neighboring states .
te	NNS	He adjusted the pillows , pulled the covers up above his waist , and said , " This is a little peculiar . "
te	NNS	Since the trip was unexpected , I didn 't have any other belongings .
te	NNS	Riley had been hearing whispers for days .
te	NN	How did he manage that little trick ?
te	NNS	Jason brought up those photos , too , flipping through them rapidly .
te	NNS	They put their seats into the upright position and fastened their seatbelts as instructed , ready for landing .
te	NN	" I don 't have a license . "
te	NNS	Will saw headlights approaching from back up the dirt road he watched in his mirror .
te	NNS	The fifth round fell five meters behind the bunker and exploded uselessly .
te	NNS	I felt two very distinct ripples of frustration , and then the bed was empty apart from me .
te	NNS	The black junk burned their throats and did something to their lungs , but that 's nothing people shouldn 't be able to heal from .
te	NN	" They just want a happy ending .
te	NNS	But for now I 'll use a few butterfly bandages .
te	NNS	She wouldn 't stroll down any dark alleys anytime soon .
te	NNS	" He destroyed the records -- the DNA results .
te	NNS	Walk in there now , and tell him he can make his own decisions from now on .
te	NNS	All of her feelings overlaid his own , separate but joined .
te	NNS	People are making mistakes , and they 're burning .
te	NNS	With Elliot , she would have rubbed elbows with government officials and social climbers who might have provided other information of monetary value .
te	NNS	DeVries unlocked Charlie 's and Kate 's handcuffs .
te	NN	Butch also loses his footing momentarily .
te	NNS	Two police officers had their backs to him ; one crouching down , picking something off the floor .
te	NNS	In the Middle East the wealthy and strong endure and consume all the resources with no thought for the weak or any person of the working community .
te	NN	I can hear the tremor in her tiny voice , sadness I know it to be .
te	NN	He felt for a second time the same alarm he 'd experienced when he first looked up at her face .
te	NN	It brought happiness to him for a moment , as memories of barely holding the ship together seemed like a calm time in his life .
te	NN	Righteous attempts traverse the terrain of dubious inclinations .
te	NN	Luc traced the tingling mark .
te	NN	I quickly slide my mask back down and wave my hand toward the two guards .
te	NN	She could not let her weariness , her fear , or her anger guide her actions .
te	NNS	She had secrets that were his alone .
te	NNS	The equipment category had two entries for smartphone .
te	NN	We waited a heartbeat and then I let out the long breath I had been holding inside me .
te	NN	He had a long-standing tradition of messing with Leif 's head , as if they were playing a life-sized chess match .
te	NNS	They brought their belongings so they could leave when the duel was over .
te	NN	I 've always wanted a tore , but never could find one that seemed like me . "
te	NNS	After about ten minutes , we have twenty cartons of petrol loaded into the seven seater , hidden under the blankets and bags in the boot .
te	NNS	It 's got bells on it . '
te	NN	She really couldn 't form an opinion here .
te	NN	Then they had visited the property of Miss Sophie Brenner and had been asked to leave by the present owners .
te	NN	" You 'd better sit for this , " Gascon informed her soberly .
te	NN	He released the shell of her being and dropped her to the ground , letting her lay where she fell .
te	NN	Tommy marched purposefully up to the yard and stood on the sidewalk with his hands on his hips , candy bag dangling down .
te	NNS	" You 'll respect my wishes ? "
te	NNS	" You 've seen skulls before . "
te	NN	He felt an unexplainable buzz in his body ; his muscles contracted , felt cold inside though he sweated and finally he could not breathe anymore .
te	NN	Climbing the tank became a kind of initiation test for local boys , who established ranks according to how fast the climber could reach the top .
te	NN	I was taking a nap .
te	NN	But Nick had nothing concrete to offer , and had himself been mystified by the apparent threat contained in the Russian 's phone call .
te	NNS	" You lot were shaking more that I was , you craven cowards . "
te	NNS	Alicia pouted , her head turned towards a lump hidden beneath two torn , opened bags of luggage .
te	NNS	They were both holding their phones and looking confused .
te	NNS	Stuck with it , I nodded grimly .
te	NNS	I don 't want the jewel thieves to decide you need killing . "
te	NNS	He feathered kisses along the soft column of her neck .
te	NNS	When not only her kind , but her parents had turned their backs on her .
te	NNS	He wound the ends of the linen in his hands and came back to the bed .
te	NNS	He hauled the remarkably heavy bags up the three flights , and did so with ease and energy .
te	NN	I took a generous swig , casually making my way over to Taylor , when really I wanted to move a lot faster .
te	NNS	" We both hold equally damaging secrets .
te	NN	Unable to conceal her indignation , Deb checked a diary .
te	NN	" Looks almost like some kinda bug or a hornet or something . "
te	NN	Never , " Amory turned grave .
te	NNS	Baldwin considered his options and chose the St. Lucy job .
te	NNS	She tapped the gates .
te	NN	" I was created a warrior . "
te	NN	She ordered a salad quickly , hoping to get rid of her so she could ask more questions .
te	NNS	She had black smudges below her eyes and streaks of mascara running down her cheeks .
te	NN	Surely this was like swallowing vile medicine .
te	NNS	Kyle gently brushed strands of her hair away from her neck .
te	NNS	She gives her compliments on everything from her cooking to the way she takes care of her brothers and sister .
te	NNS	It waved its units on and guided them into safety behind some low river rocks .
te	NNS	He indicated the scars on his arms .
te	NNS	In 1958 , a manufacturer could fit 10 electronic components onto a single silicon chip .
te	NNS	" I think it 's a railroad , " the boy said dubiously .
te	NN	When he pulls away , I feel his absence , like when I eat toast without butter .
te	NNS	The guys grabbed the bags that were on the ground and packed them into the trunk of Taylor 's car .
te	NN	" I didn 't use any black ink for outlining .
te	NN	I could hardly feel the satin and lace that barely covered parts I 'd always left under a solid layer of cotton .
te	NNS	I have enough backstabbing users in my life already . "
te	NNS	And I have open wounds .
te	NN	" Not me , my client . "
te	NNS	He 'd freed the buttons on his fly and sat with his back against the headboard and his bare feet crossed at the ankles .
te	NNS	You cleaned guns after you 'd used them , right ?
te	NN	Did she have any clue what she was doing to me ?
te	NNS	Several of the Republic soldiers point their guns and open fire .
te	NNS	They had readings for every complaint known to man stored in the archives .
te	NN	" Honestly , " I swore , " I haven 't a clue what you 're on about . "
te	NNS	They were clutching their bags and looked as lost as we did .
te	NN	Trying to shake the feeling that I was stepping into a grave , I grabbed the ladder and started to climb down .
te	NNS	He took out the three drawers and dragged it along the floor towards the balcony in the hallway .
te	NNS	Some of my neighbors had a few extra locks , but I 'd never thought I needed more than two .
te	NNS	The other two both took their sips .
te	NNS	Residents boarded many homes up while empty lots were filled with weeds and abandoned cars .
te	NN	We enjoyed the journey of writing this story .
te	NNS	I found artisan crackers in the kitchen cupboard and ate a few of them to settle the nausea sloshing in the bottom of my stomach .
te	NN	But always , when it paused by some grating or unguarded chimney , it heard the pursuit .
te	NNS	Certainly they didn 't believe the rumors about ghosts in the castle ?
te	NN	I have oil and petrol , and there is grease to lubricate the bearings before it is driven . "
te	NNS	It took guts to stand up like that .
te	NNS	You ate Mrs. Beale 's chickens ? "
te	NNS	Her glossy , manicured exterior was hiding secrets of something dark .
te	NN	The journey to Earth through a split in time had drained every last ounce of my strength .
te	NN	Macon lifted the envelope and held it between his fingers .
te	NN	Even though it was dim , Cole recognized the leader .
te	NNS	They make choices on whom to feed off .
te	NN	He then beat a quick retreat .
te	NN	The next morning you could see the column of black smoke .
te	NN	This loser here sent his private yacht to meet them .
te	NN	He told my client that he was trying to spot migration patterns of the herds and other behavioral cues , using complex statistical procedures .
te	NN	Frustratingly , August did not mention the demo of ' The Dead White Sky ' , and Theo was too shy to bring it up .
te	NNS	Their ships can travel unimaginably long distances but they are trying to find a way to shorten those distances to get to Earth .
te	NNS	They did have their differences .
te	NN	Michael Colby had bought a bunch of them from the local furniture store , on sale .
te	NNS	" What other choices might those be ? "
te	NN	The nod and the words exuded both tact and knowingness .
te	NNS	" But - " " No buts .
te	NN	" We can all sense the deceit from you right now .
te	NN	" I called insult on him .
te	NNS	Shea checked the loads in the shotgun and rifle and laid two boxes of cartridges beside the weapons , near his hand .
te	NNS	Some of them built tents .
te	NNS	She 's been packing up the belongings of one of the deceased for whom she cared deeply .
te	NN	I kiss each eyelid softly , then pull back again and wait for him to speak .
te	NNS	" The decorators have torn up the bedrooms .
te	NN	And you can 't demand payment from somebody for something they never even asked for .
te	NN	He unfastened his seat belt and opened the door .
te	NN	She extracted a handkerchief from one of the sleeves in her gown and began to dab at her eyes .
te	NNS	Have they planted agents here ? "
te	NNS	Maybe enough to freeze individual portions for the week .
te	NNS	Here at last they met other travellers on the road , and the local villagers , though hospitable , were much less willing to put up travellers .
te	NNS	Check out the hot pepper patch , your beast has no taste buds !
te	NN	Find your grandmother and aunts . "
te	NN	Just a few floors away lay the last obstacle obstructing my efforts at forging a clear path to Alyssa .
te	NN	She was wearing a yellow satin , floor-length gown that was pleasantly low in the front and somehow matched her brown skin perfectly .
te	NNS	My father carries the bags through the doorway into the college and we follow quickly behind him .
te	NNS	During the return voyage , I read a few statistics about the red planet .
te	NN	He gently guided his Lincoln over to the side of the road and parked .
te	NN	I just nod , my head bobbing on my neck , until I remember he can 't see me .
te	NNS	He held his limbs stiffly at his side .
te	NNS	In an instant , Cordelia 's Colt roared , spitting lead , punching holes through the beastly onslaught .
te	NNS	Ferguson had found cots and other furniture for the troop quarters , and everything was in place for C Company before the holiday arrived .
te	NN	Destiny felt an instant kinship with her .
te	NNS	I have my theories , but I don 't really know . "
te	NN	How did we " collect the moonlight " ?
te	NNS	She felt a wetness on her neck first and realized it was his saliva .
te	NN	He turned the laptop around , and I recognized the simulation they 'd built earlier .
te	NN	Chloe wiped a blob of cheese from her chin .
te	NNS	" Okay , I 'll give you props for that . "
te	NN	Peter had a copy of The Seattle Sinner , and after going through it , we thought this would be the way to get her attention .
te	NNS	She ignored the nagging concerns of giardia or other intestinal parasites .
te	NNS	Eduardo sniffed loudly , but his face lit up .
te	NNS	Men who make plenty of money can afford such luxuries .
te	NN	Daemon heard the lash whistle before it struck .
te	NNS	They kill drug dealers and steal their money . "
te	NNS	I know the symptoms well .
te	NN	Simon and Isabelle were sprawled together some distance away , a dark heap in the shadows .
te	NNS	And why was she already considering options for expanding the therapy dog operation ?
te	NN	She inserted the device into the laptop , and the lights on the device jumped to life , pulsating even faster than before .
te	NN	He placed the bug down and sent it on its way .
te	NN	I pull my gun 's trigger , firing my last bullet straight at her head .
te	NNS	They don 't put down roots . "
te	NNS	Uncle Henry and Eric exchanged quick glances .
te	NN	I needed a distraction .
te	NN	" At the escort service ? "
te	NNS	" That Source has nothing to with what 's in that sarcophagus . "
te	NN	" We 're getting a communication and we don 't know how it 's done . "
te	NN	Why are we attending this event ? "
te	NNS	Lily says hello and thanks . "
te	NN	' I have done no research .
te	NNS	Square your corners , keep your vision caged , show some discipline !
te	NNS	Goodbyes said , Mike and Derek ushered their wives out of the house , leaving Lauren with the impression they weren 't finished lecturing the two women .
te	NNS	" Good , do not take for granted Musa 's lessons as well .
te	NNS	" You don 't think the shifters and werewolves are dying out , do you ? "
te	NNS	You can , hopefully , see the influences of both classes in the story .
te	NN	I 'm thinking a Devin air damsel with royal connections and a foreign flare .
te	NNS	I don 't have any resources . "
te	NNS	He hates my guts . "
te	NNS	' Nobody could make potato cakes like Nuala could . '
te	NNS	You don 't need their toys and funny money because the freedom they talk of is just modern slavery . "
te	NNS	We couldn 't omit the wondrous events that so many had witnessed . "
te	NN	Then it recounted its tragic adventure to find someone who could relieve it of its pain , battling through mutated flora on the way .
te	NNS	I heard the cheers as I was pulling out of the lot , but I didn 't get to see who won . "
te	NNS	' Theses suicides , were they all guests ? '
te	NNS	Eventually the Hummer left the peaks and jolted across a stony field where the rutted tracks were barely visible in the weak light of dawn .
te	NN	The lights in the coffee shop then went dim , startling her .
te	NN	He grabbed the sack of food and opened the other door , revealing a black tunnel .
te	NNS	They had run up hills so steep they had to use their hands as much as their feet then slid on their bottoms down the other side .
te	NN	So who in Russia had my itinerary ?
te	NN	Leo gave her a friendly punch on the shoulder and was gone .
te	NN	" This dim dark world provides all the isolation and security we need from unwanted visitors . "
te	NN	Which -- almost -- took the sting away from the memory .
te	NNS	And Captain , take Banks with you .
te	NNS	Jace looked around the lush living quarters , again reflecting that he felt much better .
te	NN	So saying , I have mastered the art of diplomacy over the years , especially with my wife . '
te	NNS	And much to the alarm of Dublin I publicly supported the American rebels !
te	NN	Ray must 've heard the crash .
te	NN	You , " she said to Vane , " get Fury in bed and take care of him . "
te	NN	I knew that commune .
te	NNS	They each wore grim expressions now , matching those on their colleagues ' faces .
te	NN	" That would make a good fortune cookie . "
te	NN	Something has a bug up the Emperor 's you-know-what . "
te	NN	Skip classes , smoke a little weed .
te	NN	" You now have a personal tutor .
te	NNS	They had some good habits , some bad .
te	NNS	Besides ... I really do miss my siblings .
te	NNS	I put the finishing touches on my sad snowman and add him to the pile .
te	NN	They cut a target on my stomach , with my navel as the bull 's - eye .
te	NN	Kropp 's voice had a tinge of sarcasm in it .
te	NNS	" Thanks , " Tobias nodded and sniffed loudly , laying a hand on her arm .
te	NN	With it had the nerve to approach the woman , and not flee even when she sensed his approach and turned to him .
te	NN	As the stranger walked along Main St. approaching the diner , two large men blocked his access leading to the diner 's door .
te	NN	For once , he was not wearing a heavy cloak .
te	NNS	Winter 's cold deepened and even the fire could not warm Brand 's bones .
te	NNS	The loudspeaker squawked updates , filling a silence between them too heavy with memories , pain and a need born of loneliness .
te	NN	Jace pulled his stele from his pocket and knelt down , shrugging off his gear jacket .
te	NNS	The old man calmed the shouts of the angry crowd .
te	NNS	I could buy ten enormous jars of peanut butter and stuff it in the back of my car .
te	NN	A sense of weightlessness enveloped the barrel .
te	NN	Then De Roy took his lash and hit the horse with all his might .
te	NNS	We should be feeling the effects .
te	NNS	" I can see traces of our boots .
te	NN	The commercial immediately followed Russo 's interview .
te	NNS	He had not contacted agents of the French .
te	NN	It cites her journey , or it will , when she 's completed it . "
te	NN	She faced the horizon and couldn 't tell how far away the shore was behind them .
te	NN	" Want an address ?
te	NNS	But my hand paused over the bags of blood , my teeth suddenly pulsing with the urge to sink into a bag .
te	NNS	He had enough worries without always trying to placate her fears .
te	NN	Victoria felt the sharp sting of a tear and , annoyed with herself , dashed it away .
te	NNS	She had likely made other mistakes as well ; she would need to look at her own actions in more detail later .
te	NNS	Likes to rough 'em up a bit , make a few threats , but if they do him for free , he leaves ' em alone .
te	NN	President Young has declared the entire fleet grounded until the problem is resolved . "
te	NN	My mother pulled her BlackBerry from her straw Kate Spade beach tote .
te	NN	He 'd ignored her wisdom at a cost he might not survive .
te	NN	" You know , this would have made a good headline , huh ?
te	NNS	they called , their voices like the whispers of the dead .
te	NN	Jesus , I 'd put a bullet in another human being .
te	NN	He got all his mom 's milk so he soon starting to grow from this little cute and cuddly puppy to a strong and feisty dog .
te	NNS	They had lots to say , much of it jumbled , but none of it good .
te	NN	They do not understand the bond we share .
te	NN	He took another swallow of his tea .
te	NN	You don 't know my ex-husband .
te	NNS	In some detached part of his mind , he thought : classic symptoms of PTSD .
te	NNS	You don 't have the right parts . "
te	NNS	In pain and out of commission , they 'd at least survive the injuries .
te	NNS	Without making an effort , I could feel the defensive energies bound up within them .
te	NNS	He wanted to listen to our recollections of the times we grew up in , the historical events we 'd witnessed .
te	NN	Manfred found this disconcerting .
te	NNS	Ahead of him rose the desolate flanks of a volcanic island , seemingly devoid of life .
te	NN	He had a slight accent .
te	NNS	It will slow down the executions .
te	NN	You all survived the initial wreck , surprisingly . "
te	NN	" What does that make the professor ? "
te	NNS	And to make things worse , my anger had two guns .
te	NNS	Amusement lifted the corners of his lips .
te	NN	Trig has selected the right soul mate for me .
te	NN	She picks up the coffee mug .
te	NNS	They had front-row seats to the breakup .
te	NN	The milk had an ice skim on it and the banana was almost black , but the cereal was untouched by the cold .
te	NNS	" They found faint traces of human scent , and human blood , along the trail .
te	NNS	He thought he could see the remains of the holes where the charges had been set , small man made holes .
te	NN	Murdoch nipped the tip of her ticklish ear , making her laugh .
te	NN	She pulled the pickup through the alley and around to the front of the house .
te	NN	He 'd have torn the manuscript apart sheet by sheet , crumpled the papers into bundles , and placed carefully them around .
te	NN	" She wanted my opinion and I gave it to her .
te	NNS	" No , he had no symptoms ... not until he started taking AZT . "
te	NNS	I didn 't contradict teachers - or any kind of authority - very often .
te	NN	Ahead , through the great wooden doors , I saw the darkened interior of the room .
te	NNS	" But - " " No buts .
te	NNS	" Great big piles of them . "
te	NNS	We can hear the hammers and saws .
te	NN	Afterward , she emptied the whiskey in the toilet and placed the bottle on Isaac 's floor .
te	NN	She screams " Can 't you hear the siren ? "
te	NNS	" They had guns !
te	NNS	Mrs. Day flicked the laden hangers with a professional hand .
te	NNS	The soldiers weren 't pointing their guns at him , but they had them nervously at the ready .
te	NNS	" Why don 't you grab a few dresses and put on a fashion show for me .
te	NN	" And I brought down an internationally wanted killer .
te	NNS	Finally he slipped the two strings off the ends , spread them out and broke them like the previous seven .
te	NNS	A gunshot cracked loudly .
te	NN	A prison guard lit a torch on the wall outside of her iron bars .
te	NN	" But why would somebody as pretty as you notice somebody like me ? "
te	NNS	Carson had pressed the tips of his fingers together , shielding his mouth when I opened my eyes again , drawing my attention right to his lips .
te	NNS	I hear the cheers that indicate Coin has appeared on the balcony .
te	NNS	Snow capped the higher peaks .
te	NN	" Brought my laptop .
te	NNS	My friend Aimee De Lucca is having chest pains . "
te	NNS	" Stop playing games and just tell me what you 're suggesting . "
te	NNS	The machines recorded strong traces of his secondary power signature in Brooklyn , at the free clinic where he works .
te	NN	As if she had done this way too many times , and had perfected her technique .
te	NNS	I slid my fingertips into the back pockets of her jeans .
te	NNS	" I have completed more dangerous tasks than this and lived to tell the tale . "
te	NN	" Stop , " ordered the leader pointing his pistol towards Tiberius , cutting off his plea .
te	NNS	Devon cursed its slowness .
te	NNS	Elena considered her options .
te	NNS	The state of Georgia put on a great case in the state criminal trials , which preceded the federal trials .
te	NN	Consider the bond broken . "
te	NNS	It changed colors as it soaked up the water .
te	NNS	" It 's called Five Fingers .
te	NN	If you don 't do somethin , ' you 'll lose your commission and live in shame for the rest of your life . "
te	NNS	" They all have gills . "
te	NN	I tore off the sheet of paper and folded it .
te	NNS	Everyone is baking goods .
te	NNS	Until at last , at eighteen years of age , he had simply packed his bags and joined the army .
te	NN	Their resistance caused a delay in rounding up all the Chinese .
te	NN	Holding her breath , Erin eased up the splintered plank , got it free , and blindly passed it to Nate .
te	NN	It 's like saying hello or something . "
te	NNS	I have some good photos , though . "
te	NN	She set the sheet over the steaks , wrapped the edges together , and flipped the meat just as effortlessly as she 'd set them on .
te	NN	Why should his indifference make the slightest impact on her ?
te	NN	I whispered , my face twisting in shock .
te	NN	These formed a square around the base of New Jerusalem .
te	NNS	She parried the swords coming her way , and then she counter attacked .
te	NNS	We exchanged pleasantries and handshakes , and the three of us sat down .
te	NNS	" Yeah ... that 's it , " Hicks says dubiously .
te	NNS	When we arrived at Paul 's house , I noticed a few differences .
te	NN	Then Sabine jerked the vamp toward her .
te	NNS	" How about getting those paws , analytical and every other kind , on me ? "
te	NNS	We had many options .
te	NNS	She curled up her toes inside her the dress as best as possible .
te	NN	Before I could move , before I could think , Mercer pressed the barrel of a gun against her forehead , and he pulled the trigger .
te	NNS	The rest had done their parts to precise effect , and the audience had branded the night another success .
te	NNS	We will need some herbs from the forest , and we will need help packing the pouches . "
te	NN	He had taken Myra 's innocence . '
te	NN	With a kick of his leg , he sent a splash in her direction , then leapt out of the fountain to her right .
te	NN	If they were being pursued , their hunters had chosen a more discreet approach .
te	NNS	" Umm , I have options ? "
te	NNS	It takes decades of begging for the privilege while they live on the ocean 's seabed as ground scum .
te	NNS	On the other side , a massive room contains pure white tables long enough to cover the space from one side of the room to the other .
te	NN	He stroked her mane with his hand as she bucked her middle and stretched her legs out in front of her .
te	NNS	From birth I have served my Goddess .
te	NN	" No , they 'll have sealed off the alley .
te	NNS	I can 't take gifts from you . "
te	NNS	She 's still wearing her scrubs .
te	NN	She almost had a glimmer in her eyes as she watched me , enjoying the confusion I knew was clear on my face .
te	NN	This time she didn 't stop his downward journey as his mouth trailed kisses along her neck .
te	NNS	Renée and I have discussed the consequences of our departure with these people , but we need shelter , food and help .
te	NNS	How many birthday wishes and Christmas lists did I waste asking for my daddy to come home ? "
te	NNS	This time , it had other meanings , and I curled into him , accepting those new terms .
te	NN	The dark figure attached Sandra 's left ankle to a chain and snapped on a lock .
te	NN	Someone handed me a brandy and I took it and sipped it .
te	NN	" Those things suggest a decided lack of organization and political control among the Illinois Houses .
te	NNS	Then , once she was done , Sakura tossed back her tresses , seemingly in slow motion .
te	NNS	I took my bags straight up to my room while Aiden planted himself on the couch and waited for me .
te	NNS	He views the dancers , smiling .
te	NN	Her hands smoothed the fabric over his muscles .
te	NN	With Carl 's help , he 'd set up an array of lights run off an exterior extension cord .
te	NN	Jenna hopped off the stool and hid behind Parker .
te	NNS	The woman moved blonde locks of hair from her eyes and smiled cordially .
te	NN	Beorn found a tote sack and rudely stuffed it with whatever household items lay at hand .
te	NNS	She spit curses at him , and tried to reach for his wings .
te	NN	Almost on cue , the great iron doors of the city opened a crack .
te	NN	Maybe we 'll find more meat . "
te	NNS	They have , like , fifteen or sixteen siblings . "
te	NN	The dog staring up at him wore a gold chain around its neck .
te	NNS	" You find hobbies quickly .
te	NN	Besides , nothing could have changed the outcome between her and Chase .
te	NNS	Did the guy have multiple personalities ?
te	NNS	You have 55 electoral votes up for grabs ; winner of the popular vote takes all .
te	NN	They have a gigantic arch on the shore of the Mississippi .
te	NNS	Luther admired the photos and artwork without a word as the months marched along .
te	NNS	" Whoever sinks the most baskets keeps all the tickets . "
te	NNS	In the saddle of an out-of-control animal , a rider either had the right impulses or suffered from their lack by hitting the ground .
te	NN	" Hmm ... you should 've seen their honeymoon .
te	NNS	" Friday , I would have given you some tips .
te	NNS	I 've been running double shifts for two weeks and nobody 's touched me yet , but he still doesn 't buy it .
te	NNS	To run straight uphill would have left her no evasive options if she were to be attacked from above .
te	NNS	" And if you want some warning , then fine - we 've got another three stretches coming up . "
te	NNS	The sunlight forms patches of lace on the ground .
te	NN	puts the fiction back on the science shelf where it belongs ! "
te	NNS	Let teachers and priests and philosophers brood over questions of reality and illusion .
te	NN	" I could use the caffeine .
te	NN	" I called her a. . "
te	NN	I checked my recipe and poked at the simmering pan , then lowered the heat .
te	NN	He shakes his skull .
te	NNS	He uses all three tools on me , and I scream while he burns the infection out .
te	NN	They formed a ladder that climbed the dozen or so stories to reach the Back Door .
te	NN	Yet , they were not returning his property .
te	NNS	I traced my fingertips along her cheek and kissed her lightly again .
te	NNS	" No point reopening those investigations because I don 't have a damn thing more in the way of evidence .
te	NNS	' I 'll get some tickets booked so we can fly out in few weeks and let you know what time our flight lands . '
te	NNS	She finds life mates for anyone and everyone she can .
te	NNS	I weighed my options .
te	NN	We had outgrown our competition by leaps and bounds .
te	NNS	Zoltan , Jack , and J.L. had their swords drawn , ready to fight , but Pamela 's sudden appearance was making them hesitate .
te	NNS	Slammed the locks down .
te	NN	A long , heart-wrenching hiss filled the passage .
te	NNS	The instant they found that gun , they stopped all investigations and acted like I 'd confessed to doing it .
te	NNS	Selena recalled the lessons of self-defence that were taught to them at school during SE classes -- " Surviving in the Environment " .
te	NNS	I 've killed aliens .
te	NNS	I can see bags under his eyes .
te	NNS	When the larger , more powerful worlds ignored their differences and formed the Multi World Council , in part to tackle the pirate scourge .
te	NN	Orson locked the freezer and walked across the room .
te	NN	Cory didn 't have a clue what he was talking about .
te	NN	We have no explanation for it .
te	NNS	From all the sparkling windows hung waterfalls of flowers .
te	NN	Their mother or father will hand down a full sack from above and take an empty one in return .
te	NN	He heard the clink of the glass behind him as he opened the satchel and brought out the board .
te	NN	Her h * ps flared out , sweetly rounded , and her thighs were shapely .
te	NNS	It had spread its wings and was taking flight .
te	NNS	It had grand columns on it , a Mediterranean style roof with the clay tiles , and large windows with black wrought iron accents .
te	NN	Set your alarm for twenty minutes and rest before you go home . "
te	NNS	cried the lords and ladies of the court .
te	NN	' Don 't pull the trigger , treat it like you would me , and just give it a gentle squeeze . '
te	NN	It had left the planet in a perpetual loop of volcanic activity , and minimal evolution of decent sized life .
te	NN	Meredith felt a flicker of anxiety .
te	NNS	Most of the racks and benches simply had tools and equipment on them , which appeared to be for maintaining space ships .
te	NN	" Even if I did cook , I won 't need the recipe , Mom . "
te	NN	Tom and I have a generator .
te	NNS	The green linoleum floor had missing patches .
te	NNS	" Did you personally examine those prints ? "
te	NN	" You would not be making a return journey . "
te	NN	He 's carrying our great prize . "
te	NNS	Howell rested his elbows on his mahogany desk and clasped long white fingers in front of him .
te	NNS	We are all taking shifts now , so that someone is here any time you wake up . "
te	NNS	I placed my gloves on the table .
te	NNS	They were approaching the mountains .
te	NN	At least he 'd called her sweetheart .
te	NN	Master George and Rutger finally entered the room , their faces grave .
te	NN	" And when you turned eighteen ? "
te	NN	I read your entry in the competition .
te	NN	He must 've heard the increased frequency of the grenade beeping .
te	NNS	Children and parents didn 't always have close and loving relationships .
te	NN	She dropped her extra clothing on the bed and sat down to listen to the message .
te	NN	Slowly a red hue overcame the glowering beam , waxing and waning over me as it faded in and out of focus .
te	NN	" Haven 't they recently relaxed their stance on nukes ?
te	NNS	A nearby rental car agency recognized their photos , so we know they aren 't on foot . "
te	NN	" So you worked out the gas -- how long did it take you ? "
te	NN	Roy laid the newspaper on his knee .
te	NNS	He pushed a few buttons .
te	NNS	No one 's buying it , " she added grimly .
te	NNS	Since the incident at Christmas , nothing else had happened , no threats or suspicious packages , but Calliope still tried everything I ate .
te	NNS	Apparently he still had regular drinking sessions in Stockton .
te	NNS	We want our own homes where we can live in peace .
te	NNS	If I weren 't so damn happy for you , I 'd hate your guts . "
te	NNS	Ashe left the roller bags in the foyer while they went looking for the door leading into the garage .
te	NN	Mike , you missed aisle four .
te	NNS	I 'd made too many mistakes .
te	NN	If Mack hadn 't thought to look in the hiding space again , she might never have seen this diary .
te	NN	Mounting his steed , he jiggled her reins , and cooed , " Dinner my sweet , enjoy your reward . "
te	NN	Don 't use this closeness you forced on me to your advantage . "
te	NN	" You can 't play a lute in loose sleeves .
te	NNS	At dawn , I 'll approach the authorities .
te	NN	I 'll have the time sheet on your desk Monday morning .
te	NN	As she looked up , her eyes scanning the deck for Tolland , she watched a bizarre drama on the deck unfold in a matter of seconds .
te	NNS	I don 't own any guns .
te	NNS	We took our seats and ordered quickly .
te	NNS	He has special gifts that are sure to make Alisa 's afterlife miserable .
te	NN	Sloth scratches his protruding gut and says nothing .
te	NNS	Well , if she was , Tammie Lee could pack her bags and go visit her mama .
te	NNS	We can discover laws that apply locally but we must not assume that these same laws are universal .
te	NN	If the spider appeared , he could easily grab the pin with both hands and use it as he had before .
te	NN	His breath touched her tail , and she flicked it out of his reach .
te	NNS	" Well , you continue to sound blasphemous to me " I said grimly .
te	NN	A moment later , he signaled the youngster and approached her .
te	NNS	' Couldn 't we just close off the parts where we won 't be living ?
te	NN	Cole nuzzled his mark , squeezing her hard enough he would have broken something if she were human .
te	NNS	" They didn 't have any guns or whatever and they didn 't hurt me . "
te	NNS	We entered the grounds and came face to face with the red-haired woman again .
te	NNS	" Have no worries about young Skyler Rose .
te	NN	Go get the bloody fire service . '
te	NNS	" A task that will take decades .
te	NN	But I saw her tub full of journals . "
te	NN	The sun was just touching the horizon , making everything even creepier as shadows fell .
te	NN	She set the steaming bowl of food before him with a silver fork , knife , paper napkin , and glass goblet of wine .
te	NNS	The Council keeps records of those who order blood and those who do not , as well as those who only order sporadically .
te	NNS	She touched Rachel 's bare toes with her toes .
te	NN	With little choice , he 'd accepted his termination and moved on .
te	NNS	" I 'm following up lots of different leads .
te	NNS	Just ask Peaches . "
te	NNS	' Any buyers yet ? '
te	NN	Miranda gave her an ice chip and rubbed her head .
te	NNS	I understood the consequences .
te	NN	Inquisitors line the pathway , poised to attack if given the command .
te	NNS	The Sheriff took the slick corners at angles that made him wish for the craggy road again .
te	NN	Dayne fit that bill , and Cain had a pair of Tam 's panties in his pocket to seal the spell .
te	NN	After all , he deserved some reward for all the trouble she 'd caused .
te	NN	" Go bug Cory .
te	NN	Matthew watched the lantern arc through the air .
te	NN	He didn 't see the punch coming .
te	NNS	" I gave her recall tests sitting across a table from her in her cage .
te	NNS	He 'd set the bags at the entrance .
te	NNS	I 've made mistakes .
te	NNS	She could only remember parts , some pictures captured in her head and some feelings , which were frozen in her heart .
te	NNS	The parents made the decisions , and the children did as they were told .
te	NNS	Once he got home , he 'd have the resources to track Amber down .
te	NNS	My mom clicked a few buttons and pushed her computer toward me .
te	NN	Then the screams changed pitch .
te	NNS	She pulled her saddlebags off her horse .
te	NNS	They dragged their bags from the back seat and went in together to check in .
te	NN	His words sent a fluttering in my belly , and I desperately wanted to return the favor for him .
te	NNS	I 've identified the files with the activity codes for your computer forensics team , but I don 't think anything on her computer will help .
te	NNS	" Other groups ? "
te	NN	" I 'd recommend the whole milk . "
te	NNS	He didn 't have the copies on him , they were safe , he said .
te	NN	She didn 't want a discussion about Roland at this point or , really , at all .
te	NNS	That doesn 't ring any bells until I notice his intent look , a calm demeanor concealing killer intent .
te	NN	Later he called his housekeeper to have a tray sent up .
te	NN	But to this day , I still couldn 't break the seal .
te	NNS	" Can 't you hear the tightness in his voice ?
te	NN	I wore my dancing costume , which was more or less concealed beneath a blue outer dress .
te	NNS	Do we have any more candidates ?
te	NN	My boobs feel a little breezy and I feel down right self-conscious .
te	NN	Vivian took offense at that .
te	NN	She started the discussion by acknowledging the efforts of everyone and remembering those who had paid the ultimate price .
te	NNS	I lounge on the sofa resting my bones too drained climbing the stairs .
te	NN	Blake held up his push broom and shovel and gave me a bright smile .
te	NN	I knew that torso anywhere .
te	NNS	I cannot help but notice her physical charms .
te	NNS	Lucky for me Reggie did all my original paperwork , as Monique was the one who sponsored me for my green card .
te	NN	I could see my destination now as I rumbled down the last block .
te	NNS	The doorbell chimed and Maryanne 's parents exchanged brief glances .
te	NNS	He reclaimed the industrial properties and re-opened the factories again .
te	NNS	Then he ripped the panties out of his way .
te	NN	A stream ran parallel to the partitioned camping spots .
te	NN	I barely finished a third entry when Cyrus fell off his stool and reached for the closest wastebasket .
te	NN	" I will be wearing this black cloak with the white star on its shoulder .
te	NNS	" Do you prefer mind games ?
te	NN	When he turned fourteen , he set his grandfather aside and took the crown for himself .
te	NNS	Don 't touch my wings . "
te	NN	I don 't know ... Silence !
te	NN	Daren had worn James 's chain around his neck .
te	NNS	We have many enemies but only one friend , Jesus Christ .
te	NNS	Then in the distance , echoing off the surrounding peaks , the deeper groan of truck engines .
te	NNS	Pa couldn 't do the drives anymore , so it was up to me .
te	NN	But he hated the mix of lust and pain in her eyes .
te	NN	Closing my eyes , I saw the giant crab swimming toward me , that human hand almost pearly in the blue water .
te	NNS	And she 'd have bought a lot more lottery tickets over the years .
te	NNS	They are probably walking the grounds .
te	NN	She tossed the sweater down next to her and sat in her chair .
te	NN	Nothing broke her shell of selfishness - certainly nothing I could say .
te	NN	He and his mate had the mate bond , and some Shifters don 't recover from that .
te	NN	I straighten out the string .
te	NN	" I 've been doing a little research here and there .
te	NN	Ethan found the broom and swept the glass into the dustbin .
te	NNS	" Confined spaces like ditches .
te	NNS	' He must 've swapped shifts for this occasion .
te	NN	" Children have underdeveloped judgment .
te	NNS	and all its posing and posturing .
te	NNS	They obey certain laws .
te	NNS	But the nice people outnumbered the jerks , and I did get to meet some interesting characters .
te	NNS	Everyone took their seats , and we followed their example .
te	NN	Since your kinship is pretended , I will not formalize the title .
te	NN	She wiped a bead of sweat from her forehead , squaring her shoulders .
te	NN	Beyond the Square , Cora was fighting a multitude - left and right they came at her , they stabbed from behind , sliced from ahead .
te	NNS	Druids didn 't openly practice their gifts for others to see .
te	NNS	She tested the tips with a finger , and winced as a shard of bone pricked her calloused skin .
te	NNS	He had shown dark tendencies , but he was also resisting Darth Maul 's attempts to sway him to the dark side .
te	NNS	This one mercifully did not give off the vibrations the other one had .
te	NN	His hands blindly sought the underside of the box , to hold himself steady until the boats passed .
te	NNS	Maybe I could pick up some applications for her beforehand .
te	NNS	Now say your good-byes .
te	NN	She struck the youngster because he grabbed her butt .
te	NN	She bit back a derisive chuckle .
te	NN	To cover her embarrassment , she placed a square of cornbread on Ty 's plate .
te	NNS	Afraid the pressure of my high speed could crush or break any bones she might have broken on her fall .
te	NN	You have a comprehensive grasp of strategy , of CSA rules of engagement , and our code of conduct .
te	NNS	said Zeus with a smile .
te	NNS	I 've already got tickets for September second , the night before Claire and Jamie 's wedding .
te	NNS	A few of the shelves held mundane home essentials like lamps , matches , blankets , umbrellas , flashlights .
te	NN	Cole fingered his shawl .
te	NN	He pushed a copy of the Daily Target over his desk towards me , tapping the article in question with his silvery pen .
te	NN	He held up the notebook .
te	NNS	I also collect army radios and have a dozen or so working units that were pretty modern stuff in Vietnam . "
te	NN	Arriving at They 's house Brick depressed the doorbell and awaited their host .
te	NN	It 's making a buzz in the media .
te	NN	The card man steered his more thuggish comrade back to the helicopter and signaled to someone inside .
te	NNS	But of course , no one was touching the live oaks .
te	NNS	He exhaled loudly and threw the bottle aside with a smash .
te	NN	" Sex with a zombie , no matter how lifelike , is still considered a crime .
te	NNS	" You now have flight controls .
te	NN	" To this , " He put his lute aside for a moment and snapped his arm forward .
te	NN	He shrugged and set a clean pan on a silver rack along a yellow painted wall .
te	NN	Tonight , though , I found Sloane 's high-speed statistical babbling to be strangely soothing .
te	NN	I wrung out the washcloth .
te	NNS	We loaded our bags and picked up new ones , Thompson 's and Charley 's bags .
te	NN	Alex grips the collar of Nicholas ' green shirt .
te	NN	He 'd witnessed their happiness .
te	NN	She rubbed an exfoliating mask on her face and shaved her legs .
te	NNS	The bodies would form piles that rivaled the mountains these monsters had crossed .
te	NN	I also sold a copy of your program , the one you called Leprechaun . "
te	NN	I should have given him the clue . "
te	NNS	Whoever wins from each team fights the other winners , and so forth . "
te	NN	Hal forced his gaze away from her and over the crowd of people dancing .
te	NNS	I couldn 't stop the sobs .
te	NN	It resembled its name exactly : a standard toadstool stalk and cap , but metallic gold in color .
te	NNS	Just using telepathy without him creating the bond sent shards of glass into her brain , but she was far beyond caring .
te	NN	The stranger 's cloak billowed and revealed her tight clothing that defined her slender body .
te	NN	He let the grenade 's spoon pop and hurled it after the lead SUV as it swept past him .
te	NNS	" How long ago did you leave the fortress ? "
te	NN	' Yeah , do you have a section on war ? '
te	NNS	Fitch had medical records for seven of the twelve jurors .
te	NN	He ran down an embankment and stumbled upon a small riverbed .
te	NN	We don 't have the firepower for something like that . "
te	NNS	" By the way , I 'm fixing enough eggs and grits to feed an army .
te	NNS	Returning from the conference , he recognized the objects on his lab floor immediately .
te	NNS	I see pretty skyline mountains and brilliantly think a quick solution while guiding a shuttle 's wing into the mountain side , slowing my moving inertia .
te	NN	His partner grunted his disbelief .
te	NNS	The Firm permits wives to work , but not forever .
te	NNS	" Right , but if people think you 're fixing it up , it 'll kill any rumors that you 're getting rid of it . "
te	NNS	They even got their wives that way .
te	NN	" They took my niece three Festivals ago . "
te	NN	I 'll use my wand . "
te	NN	The Pentagon is fully funding the research and development of the drug .
te	NNS	That man is switching the tables on me and he doesn 't even know it yet .
te	NN	I took the pipe , the one he 'd used on you , and then ... ' Ethan searches my face .
te	NNS	I traced my fingertips along her jaw and kissed her mouth .
te	NNS	" Or three new sleeping bags or maybe even four -- " " No , Wanda , " said Aunt Tabby very patiently .
te	NN	A distant loudspeaker blares out a sequence of numbers , and most of the windows around me go dark .
te	NNS	We should take small sips .
te	NNS	" I don 't want anyone shooting lasers into my eyes .
te	NNS	Her satchel contained repairs for any emergency , and she produced a bandage and a collapsible tin cup .
te	NNS	When our man sees us without makeup , ten pounds ... okay , twenty pounds heavier ... .
te	NN	Call it old instinct .
te	NN	The double 0 numerals signify an agent who has killed and who is privileged to kill on active service .
te	NNS	But I ripped no bones .
te	NN	" Don 't you mean lack of one ? "
te	NN	Meagan sent Ryan a text .
te	NN	We meant no disrespect to you , someone we admire , or Luna , someone we both admire and love . "
te	NNS	They 'll get locks for short periods of time even if we 're both working together .
te	NNS	He felt a tightness in his own stomach as he squatted again , facing the human but staying beyond his reach .
te	NN	" You can tell your captain that I want a heavy patrol sent over to the German lines .
te	NNS	She leaned her elbows on the table .
te	NN	" Hi , Haruki , " she said , a twinge of sweetness and sadness and none of the flirting she had thrown my way years ago .
te	NNS	Maybe some of the townspeople wore costumes .
te	NN	She 'd never in her life shared such an intimacy and yet before she realized what she was doing , she found herself confiding in him .
te	NN	Hands folded demurely in front of me , I enter , the picture of humbleness .
te	NNS	They found additional oxygen tanks and clothing , and their little pod began to get cramped .
te	NN	" Because it 's not like Annabel would have a clue what 's going on . "
te	NN	They could still issue a challenge , but I don 't think they will .
te	NN	She much preferred the two-piece gray tunic and trousers people of her time dressed in .
te	NNS	I 'd made mistakes , I 'd been a terrible person , but I could at least give Hades my loyalty now .
te	NNS	I have enemies , so I 'm worried . "
te	NN	Jeremy tracked the new target but before he could intervene , it switched again .
te	NN	As his arm commenced the throwing action , a bullet found the soft tissue of his bicep .
te	NN	I 'll send you the address . "
te	NNS	We already had the plane tickets , and I 'm going to be working all week anyway . "
te	NNS	" I 've got ta piss , Andy .
te	NNS	Han and I exchanged glances , shocked at Tracy 's change .
te	NN	His English held hardly any accent at all .
te	NNS	" Here come the results .
te	NN	Every few seconds , Emily heard the rough flicker of someone 's Zippo lighting a cigarette .
te	NNS	" But they keep up traditions . "
te	NNS	In my mind I could hear the scary pounds of a drum warning of imminent doom .
te	NN	He checked the revolving mechanism carefully .
te	NNS	The man belched loudly and , clearly feeling put upon , pushed himself away from Chloe .
te	NNS	" Sometimes you need a few more applications , but I 've got a good feeling about this .
te	NN	Then he saw Silver .
te	NN	Kat patched everybody up and they were laughing it up by the end of the night . "
te	NNS	The rocks broke limbs or gashed ribs .
te	NN	I would never enjoy the luxury of communion with the entity they called the Singularity .
te	NNS	In his time , San Francisco had bustled more than the towns around here .
te	NN	She looked over at me from the other side of the doorway , her face a mask of terror .
te	NNS	" I have no enemies that I know of . "
te	NNS	We stood motionless , just staring at the pictures .
te	NNS	Let 's make some eggs . "
te	NN	You have no clue what 's going on . "
te	NN	" Whose notebook is this ? "
te	NNS	" Yes Captain Hemorrhoid , I will convey all your wishes . "
te	NNS	The skeleton 's head is tipped downwards in an angle of dignified , almost lordly resignation .
te	NN	" I mean no disrespect to the Essence .
te	NN	Matthew had not got a clue what it was all about , and as the interrogators would not tell him he just went along with it .
te	NN	Either talk to me or I 'm calling the Secret Service and you can talk to them . "
te	NNS	Most had drawn their swords , even though they knew steel would be useless against the Apple , but better that than flee .
te	NNS	40 minutes into class everyone had finished their sketches and had started to add color .
te	NNS	A gallon of water weighed eight pounds , not counting the weight of the container .
te	NN	Maybe get a bunch of people to hold a ceremony and invite the press .
te	NNS	We have ... modern considerations . "
te	NN	In the three days they had been back in Seattle they had established an intimate daily routine .
te	NN	I quickly replace the scarf around my neck .
te	NNS	Both had made mistakes and both had come through them with a new-found respect for the other .
te	NN	I 'd developed this perfect radar , a warning system that told me when to grab my shit and get out .
te	NN	Melissa tilted her head curiously .
te	NN	You have the sensitivity of a bull in a china shop ! '
te	NN	And as she moved about the room she felt the despair from those who surrounded her .
te	NN	" He had no backbone .
te	NNS	" Send the files to the ship .
te	NN	Adolf could hear the sarcasm in his voice .
te	NNS	She has some deep emotional scars you 're not aware of . "
te	NN	" Suppose your plans flop ? "
te	NN	Rahm Kota cleared his throat loudly .
te	NNS	Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , and many European nations were making similar moves to assist .
te	NN	I aimed the arrow at the center of the target .
te	NNS	They weren 't cops , he knew all the locals .
te	NN	Someone turns up the volume , so we can all hear their voices .
te	NN	V grabs the target while Cake and I discourage any of his friends .
te	NNS	Oxbow narrows his eyelids in the far distance also .
te	NN	She probably had an emergency or something . "
te	NNS	When I left home , my budget couldn 't support those kinds of tastes , but I missed the food . "
te	NNS	So , she made TV dinners , or they ordered out .
te	NN	He took a pee against a palm tree .
te	NNS	He might have hired thugs to work for him .
te	NNS	" You can 't say those kinds of things to me , Nate .
te	NNS	They haven 't found the killers and they 'll make it hot for me . "
te	NNS	Tasha is informing the authorities and asking them to be discreet and use the servant 's entrance .
te	NN	Without its headlights on , and with the swirling snow cutting visibility , she could barely make out the gray bulk .
te	NN	All four of them gathered up fresh steam and began to finish off the salamanders in a cloud of fiery dust .
te	NNS	I run the investigations around here because it 's part of my job . "
te	NNS	My mom has these cool wireless speakers I 'll bring over and hook it up to my iPod .
te	NNS	Heavy boots , too , which bore traces of dried mud .
te	NNS	Closer , I lean closer again and then her mouth rips away from mine .
te	NN	He trained the Burris Red Dot scope onto the spot where Ed had gone to ground .
te	NNS	A big chow planted his paws up on my window , black tongue lolling and dripping drool .
te	NN	" So it 's settled then , " said director Hicks .
te	NNS	Once they reached the minimum level , he closed the dozen long wings and turned the shuttle into a dart .
te	NN	The first time he chose his career .
te	NN	In quick gulps Garth emptied the flask .
te	NN	Either way , my father could taste the deceit in the air .
te	NNS	" You 've got your tools back now , right ? "
te	NN	" That I have no clue . "
te	NN	I usually charge 2 % on this size deal , but I 'll agree to one percent if that 's okay with you .
te	NN	She eased another pin from her mouth .
te	NN	If prices kept going up , then he would reduce his gourmet coffee consumption , the one bright spot of his day .
te	NN	He filled Olympia 's embrace with an excited squeal and her flabbergasted eyes surged with moisture .
te	NN	Or get a ladder . "
te	NN	" You don 't want any supper ? "
te	NN	The flavor , full of her scent , almost made him trip midair .
te	NN	She took another gulp , closing her eyes at the brief break .
te	NNS	He said his goodbyes , hung up and paused in his dressing to dial Grace 's cell .
te	NNS	They flew together at least two mornings a week , as well as during their drill weekends .
te	NN	" You might break the egg .
te	NN	and the trailer that we saw on the other side of the road launching our SUV into the air ; past the steep precipice .
te	NNS	People have different theories about twins .
te	NNS	" All I have to do is undo a couple buttons on my blouse and those sailors will tell me anything I want to know . "
te	NN	" Shall I give you my address ? "
te	NN	I shoved my load of books inside .
te	NN	He brought Julia 's luggage to Gio 's bedroom and asked if she would like him to unpack for her .
te	NN	You should be celebrating your victory , not worrying over a ghost that 's never going to come back and haunt you again . "
te	NN	Willow always considered her average looking with her strange colored auburn curls and brown eyes .
te	NN	Lucas knew the studied technique well .
te	NNS	With luck , if everything breaks our way ... " " But only a minute or two , " said Michaels , " at most . "
te	NN	Slowly Aragorn unbuckled his belt and himself set his sword upright against the wall .
te	NN	Craig could feel their approach at the back of his mind - more weight .
te	NN	That wasn 't the first desk that had suffered at the hands of an errant potion , he told his pupil .
te	NNS	His skin had the bluish paleness of hardened ice .
te	NN	Maddy shared her uptown address and Nicole repeated it to the driver .
te	NN	He had a ton of them .
te	NNS	Remember our training sessions ?
te	NNS	She could feel the sudden alertness in Romain 's body .
te	NNS	" I 've seen that expression lots of times .
te	NNS	The way he carried himself , plus the hard body and watchful eyes , would raise alarm bells in most people .
te	NN	He gave a chuckle , which morphed into a wheezing cough .
te	NNS	I have records here , showing that you paid a ship to make the delivery .
te	NNS	Tears burned her lids and she 'd be damned before she 'd let a single one fall .
te	NNS	We had nurses and probably toys so that makes it all right . "
te	NN	It could potentially ruin a journalist 's career .
te	NNS	He took out two more zombies and then dashed into the kitchen to retrieve his phone .
te	NNS	Too exhausted to be scared , I grasp the bones as though they were part of a life buoy .
te	NN	Your presence will only slow his healing .
te	NN	" Enjoy the sunshine ?
te	NNS	I tried diversionary tactics .
te	NNS	Freud was just developing his theories .
te	NN	Bernard had oiled the mechanism , so it didn 't squeal .
te	NN	She was also wearing a large Bertha collar which covered her shoulders , back and breasts like a cape .
te	NN	Maria takes out a notebook , glances over it a second and then turns to him .
te	NN	Organize an emergency field operations tent , a field hospital tent , at least two field accommodation tents and any working radios .
te	NNS	She 's got some hard decisions to make .
te	NNS	The prince has mounted a dais in the center of the room .
te	NNS	He couldn 't quite place the man 's species though .
te	NN	But who created the core of the Earth , and who provided the nostril ?
te	NNS	First I took down my sad school photos on the wall where the TV had been .
te	NNS	The CDC had closed down all the trains and bus stations and airports early on in the epidemic .
te	NN	It 's got ta be food , right ? "
te	NNS	She saw colors swirling around as a foreign buzzing started in her ears .
te	NNS	Stuffed owls and toads and all manner of plush and puppet creatures .
te	NN	Once they ate their lunch and were ready to go , Joshua had Mister " guide " him into the bathroom and then back to the pick-up .
te	NN	" Why is he wearing a Mercer Arboretum T-shirt ? "
te	NNS	In an unprecedented move , Washington Chronicle 's Editor-in-chief Richard Johnson has taken his statements back and has apologized to Cooper Industries .
te	NNS	He was pressing soft kisses along the underside of her jaw as he spoke .
te	NNS	If they wanted to recover , they were given the tools .
te	NN	Then , I took some milk and chicken from the fridge .
te	NNS	While Socks had gotten in touch with his skunk side , he obviously hadn 't forgotten his feline roots .
te	NNS	Hargreaves just stood motionless .
te	NNS	He could then invest another thirty pounds in some profitable enterprise .
te	NNS	He holds the sacks up and shrugs .
te	NN	When I first met Mikhail , I didn 't have a clue what he was .
te	NN	Will he and his new bride be having their honeymoon in there ?
te	NNS	What delightful pleasures would he introduce to me now ?
te	NN	Liam and Column had marked Cara 's grave with a pile of stones .
te	NNS	If the Seventh took on my role at Glory Academy he would assume my quarters , and that would lead to the book .
te	NNS	As it is , I 've heard rumors that the two of you were spotted in the park together yesterday .
te	NNS	He had the scars to prove it .
te	NN	Wave after wave of readiness flooded her core .
te	NN	Balthazar took some encouragement from that , but it was hard to focus .
te	NNS	As I packed my belongings inside my room at the Ritz ( when will I ever be able to say those words again ? )
te	NNS	I flip my gloves , narrowing my eyelashes .
te	NNS	At my old school , I had lots of friends and enjoyed spending time with them .
te	NN	He didn 't have a link now ; the Priest did .
te	NN	" You 're experiencing a paranormal event . "
te	NNS	He is grotesquely thin and hollowed out , his left eye wrapped in a belt of cloth that winds around his head .
te	NNS	He sat on the grassy bank and stared into its crystal clear blue depths .
te	NNS	Now , suddenly , the rising sun illuminated jagged peaks of a mountain range .
te	NN	He squeezed her breast and she jerked , his touch taking her by surprise once more .
te	NNS	Sparks spiraled outwards , like burning dandelion seeds wafting on a breeze .
te	NN	Technicians in green shirts pull my practice armor off and push me towards a battered power suit .
te	NN	For most , including the architect , they saw the colony in dim light .
te	NN	She pulled the disc from the player and snapped it into its box .
te	NN	Man , you 've had a deprived childhood ! "
te	NN	His voice brokered no debate , no argument , and the gun in his hands brokered even less .
te	NN	If there is anything to be forbidden here , sir , I will do the forbidding !
te	NNS	Many of the young men approaching them bore scars .
te	NNS	I 've already seen their wedding photos on Twitter .
te	NN	The wagon bumped down the switchback slope .
te	NNS	Lily passed out cupcakes to all of the drummers and gave me a pink t-shirt that said , " Cymbal Players Rock ! "
te	NNS	Now if he could wedge that up he could swing the doors outwards .
te	NN	If the aliens were blind and communicated by odors , they might have evolved a very different science , which described a very different universe .
te	NNS	He would give me random workout tips and I 'd make up stupid questions just to get his attention .
te	NNS	You know , shady characters that might be involved ? "
te	NNS	Slade stared at the man , his stooped shoulders and tired face the symbols of broken relationships and lost hope .
te	NNS	Burning Arrow cut two forked tree limbs that the two braves could use as crutches .
te	NNS	In the shed he retrieved the hidden gloves .
te	NN	I gave my brother the bill .
te	NNS	Follow me , mercenaries ; I will escort you out of this forest .
te	NN	" Why did the master ask this great sacrifice of you ?
te	NN	" A fish would sooner stop swimming .
te	NN	Jace retrieved his torn clothing , grunting in irritation .
te	NN	I don 't have the slightest clue where she lives .
te	NNS	I , of course , have always liked tests , hurdles , riddles , puzzles , traps , and snares . "
te	NN	She idly rotated the broach in her hand as she went , her thoughts muddled .
te	NN	' You 've got a relative that works there , then ?
te	NNS	I had only glimpses of Gran 's long brown arms trying to reach past them , almost frantically .
te	NN	I felt my lips curve .
te	NN	She added a bowl of fresh fruit , a bran muffin , and a slice of tomato .
te	NNS	When I was roaming around the island , I saw several towers .
te	NNS	I grabbed two spoons , then two cloth napkins from the holder in the island and returned to the living room .
te	NNS	" Someone wearing long sleeves , not a uniform . "
te	NN	You yanked the notebook out of my hands before I could see that it was Kenzie . "
te	NNS	Kneeling , he tossed two logs onto the grate .
te	NN	Can you sit up 'cause I got something to ask you . "
te	NNS	I approached Hannah with the situation , and she agreed to help me out .
te	NN	It 's time you knew , sir , since I intend to recruit him the minute he turns eighteen . "
te	NN	So I slipped my oversize grey hooded chain store sweatshirt over my jacket before driving across to the garage and filling up my Audi 's tank .
te	NNS	' Except Monica did have those receipts in her possession and Sheila Marcus says Monica did visit the shop . '
te	NN	Why use a washcloth to wash your face when you have hands ?
te	NNS	The little man was half lifted off his toes .
te	NNS	I 'll send emails when I can during the week and we 'll set up a Skype chat once a week , okay ? "
te	NN	The crowd circled around once more , the whispers and chatter of conversation getting louder and more excited .
te	NNS	But he would never make death threats on innocent teen girls .
te	NN	" You should wear your red silk to dinner .
te	NN	He also didn 't employ that many footmen .
te	NNS	I 'd leave my belongings in the car until the rain stopped .
te	NN	Sage 's ax found its mark , and the second Indian lay permanently silenced .
te	NNS	Evening shifts in the bars and restaurants start about five , so it might take a while . "
te	NN	She doesn 't sound bitchy or anything ; she sounds sad .
te	NN	Katherine could feel a headache mounting .
te	NNS	We all made our choices and lived by them . "
te	NNS	They swing their rifles toward the kid , fingers quivering on the triggers , centering his tall , lanky frame in their scopes .
te	NNS	I can show its secrets ! "
te	NN	Slowly his eyes wandered the battlefield , like insects on broken legs .
te	NNS	Then throw those subatomic particles together to form atoms .
te	NNS	James summoned up his energies , and the next second he found himself on the 36th floor , in the stairwell .
te	NNS	Tell the cops to call the bar if they learn anything , and I 'll phone you if I hear from Bud Dearborn . "
te	NNS	Mr. Finch and I have accounts at the bank .
te	NN	Todd did a little mental math and realized there was an end to Myra 's family .
te	NNS	" Logan ... " My name echoes through the skeleton of the old Bishop house with a haunting reverberation .
te	NNS	They had lost their first three games by an average of twenty points and had shown little spunk in doing so .
te	NNS	He could feel the rays of the sun more definitely on his skin .
te	NN	God knew , I loved my hometown .
te	NN	My husband understands the importance of these things , so you 're not going to be ' friends ' any more .
te	NN	Charles asked the senior citizen .
te	NN	Seriously , the dude needed anger management .
te	NNS	" I guess money talks everywhere . "
te	NNS	" So he can eat our chickens ?
te	NN	You saw her innocence in this from the beginning . "
te	NN	" That your mother got you out of here before the shit hit the fan .
te	NNS	You couldn 't count the Somali affairs , which was piracy , a different kettle of fish .
te	NN	' I do not know what injustice you mean , but I will not let you desecrate this place .
te	NNS	She doesn 't buy expensive gifts for herself , but uses her wealth to help people who deserve it .
te	NN	" We were turning off the gas .
te	NNS	' Hydraulic pressure 600 pounds per square inch pressure . '
te	NN	It was like wearing a sagging turquoise blindfold with just a peek out of one corner .
te	NNS	And it has lots of good restaurants and antique stores .
te	NN	One day after class , Tessa asked her English professor , Mr. Rothwell , about what made for great writing .
te	NNS	" Some of the businesses have their uses .
te	NN	Then Preston could hear the approach of more than one vehicle .
te	NN	' He 's making a statement at the moment .
te	NNS	For far too long , we have simplified our governmental decisions by labeling all Earth dwellers as ' terrorists ' .
te	NN	He was giving me a headache .
te	NN	Otherwise , they completed their journey in tolerable enough toleration of each other .
te	NN	Not " our auditorium . "
te	NN	The conflicting emotions are giving me a headache .
te	NN	He grabbed my ankle , causing me to sprawl on the sand .
te	NNS	" Have them staked up there , " he said , " so that everyone below can study the results of their decision in detail .
te	NN	If her hair had been loose , she would have given it a toss for good measure .
te	NNS	Continuing on will lure other important recollections back to the surface . "
te	NN	She went down the beverage aisle and realized Jack would appreciate a cold beer or two and picked up a six-pack of his favorite .
te	NN	" Can I get clearance on a Ron Howard ? "
te	NN	She picked up a scarf from the dresser and tied it around her neck .
te	NNS	He took long strides to reach her .
te	NNS	Kevin noticed some brown spots on the floor -- they were darker than rust and had a more distinct shape .
te	NN	I seek scandal and low companionship . "
te	NN	Jason took her distraction as an opportunity in order to snatch the child from her protective embrace .
te	NNS	" Grab those bags , " he said , directing Arian , " and let 's start loading up . "
te	NN	I saw his address .
te	NN	Thera Cassidy closed the journal and started to put it back .
te	NN	Embarrassed by the attention being drawn by his misery , Gene turned tail .
te	NNS	Why the hell is she drinking two nights in a row ?
te	NNS	Singing louder , I tapped out the drums on the edge of the table .
te	NNS	They could just see two faint white smudges on the horizon , one smaller than the other .
te	NN	I love late , old ... er , classic popular music .
te	NN	Ed drove up the left lane past the stopped vehicles to the front Stryker Company .
te	NN	" More like a demand . "
te	NN	She pulled off a glove and put her hand to the cold glass .
te	NN	Mark lengthened his stride ever so slightly .
te	NN	Another arrow in the quiver just in case we do get over the hump to a habitable planet where we can plant the seed of humankind .
te	NNS	" Because I don 't see your bosses anywhere .
te	NN	It no longer had its think shell to surround it on all sides .
te	NN	But she didn 't need Chance pointing out her past mistakes to her .
te	NN	' They might get my IP address but that won 't do them any good .
te	NN	Then he heard a sudden scuffle down the stairs from his room .
te	NNS	I really should have brought my charts with me , but I packed up in such a hurry to avoid rush hour .
te	NNS	They 're not spotted owls .
te	NN	He put the cold disc to his chest .
te	NN	Right now we 're hunting down a rogue agent named Mike Arnold .
te	NNS	You think that 's all I know , bitches ?
te	NNS	I picked up the tweezers and stuffed them into a pocket .
te	NN	Anyway , as I sometimes do , I made the challenge , and they took me up on it . "
te	NN	" What planet are you on , Maxwell ?
te	NNS	I don 't hand out compliments easily , although there is no way she could know that .
te	NNS	Jonathan had special privileges because he had helped the staff so often .
te	NNS	He pressed some buttons , and the machine squawked .
te	NNS	The stone eyes under its hooded brow bored holes through me until I had to look away .
te	NNS	" I have seen smaller piles of shells in other places but always closer to a stream .
te	NNS	" She doesn 't give out compliments very often . "
te	NN	For the time being he had gravity on his side .
te	NN	As I was putting beer mugs on the kitchen counter , I heard a loud crash .
te	NN	Fortunately , he had a stack of all your books on a table .
te	NN	Held her cradled in his arms .
te	NNS	" Now you 're playing games with me .
te	NNS	It was then the candlelight caught the wounds of her bite marks .
te	NN	Whether or not he could actually see anything , he didn 't want her acting shy and prissy around him .
te	NN	She tried a sly approach .
te	NN	As I packed some things from the bathroom , I called a cab .
te	NNS	She wants the Breaks to happen , because each and every one leads to a future where she 's rich and powerful , never mind the consequences .
te	NNS	Sara handed me two pills , which I washed down with the coconut water .
te	NN	We almost always order the same doll after it 's proven itself a good seller .
te	NN	I open the library tomorrow , and I have to be in before eight . '
te	NN	Any more time than that will challenge their attention span , especially since they know everyone . "
te	NN	We both swallowed down some booze and I tried to focus on the warmth and not the burning questions in my head .
te	NN	We enlisted the aid to two sales representatives to help us comb every rack in the department .
te	NN	Because I craved blood like a drug .
te	NNS	The younger of the two looked terrified , her eyes great round holes of panic .
te	NN	Afterward , the owner of the warehouse handed Carmine an envelope of cash .
te	NN	We can get that bastard who shot Joseph and Stu .
te	NN	He wore a large black cloak with armor underneath .
te	NNS	I took the two bread rolls from my backpack and halved them , handing them out .
te	NNS	They never had guests .
te	NNS	She had no guts .
te	NN	He pulled the string back slowly , preparing to release the missle .
te	NN	" Just sizing up the competition .
te	NN	I have an awful headache .
te	NN	" Isn 't it rather early to be cavorting about in such an energetic fashion ? "
te	NN	Love rolled his baseball across his desk and wondered .
te	NN	He just gave me that aching , tender look that ripped me to shreds .
te	NNS	" Where did you get these photos ? "
te	NNS	The children particularly liked the brightly-colored donuts .
te	NNS	She kicked up such a fuss that she was arrested and hasn 't been seen since . '
te	NNS	He forwards emails to me that he receives from others , but he never writes anything just to me .
te	NNS	' It 's just something people drink , ' he said vaguely .
te	NNS	What you have done is unleashed the hounds of hell all over a young kid who 's incapable of fighting them . "
te	NN	Ramon led the alien to a likely looking spot and dropped the line .
te	NNS	A healer can 't heal the wounds inflicted by another healer for several days , sometimes weeks .
te	NNS	I keep accounts in my unstated books and you rely on me for every double entry .
te	NN	She had such an aversion to physical contact , yet she remained close to his body .
te	NN	In the days leading up to Scott 's birthday Grampa Graham made no further reference to his ' bringing along a friend ' .
te	NN	" Parker , I 'm glad to see you 're keeping my captain in check . "
te	NNS	They 'd had their differences , but he was her big brother , and he had always been there for her .
te	NN	Dreamer whispered something inaudible to their ears , tapping the sandwich with her wand .
te	NNS	Watching the Orthodox church get closer from the front seat it looked covered in innumerable ants , skittering in circles and being very loud .
te	NN	Bugs handed Timmy a mug of ale , which he gratefully guzzled down .
te	NN	She muted the episode of Real Housewives and asked if we should invite Trevor for dinner Sunday .
te	NNS	At first there were shared glances of amusement from the others , as if seeing a circus animal performing a rather peculiar act .
te	NN	" Brice - " Francesca put a wealth of feeling into his name .
te	NN	So I 'd withhold judgment until I saw him in combat .
te	NNS	The fish will fill the nets of our fishermen and they will celebrate their catch on the river bank in the mild spring evenings .
te	NNS	Bax gathered up the bags , all save the egg bag which Matthew saw to himself .
te	NNS	The glittering key dangled motionless between her and Ethan , catching the bright overhead light .
te	NN	You can watch the squirrels overhead and the people at the campsite and the loons on the lake , if the place is so situated .
te	NN	I unclip the walkie-talkie from the pocket of my jeans .
te	NNS	I could smell the pines again , the rich , living soil .
te	NNS	However , I attend these sessions three times a week .
te	NN	And he knew the vendor 's hot beverage .
te	NNS	" Can you show me your other toys ? "
te	NNS	We have many enemies , and until I deliver this babe safe and sound , I am a target . "
te	NNS	They had only used the photos as a warning .
te	NN	Stuart flicked his fringe back , stamped his feet , and smiled .
te	NNS	He watched her shift seats .
te	NNS	He had faced countless enemies and the Gods had seen fit , to make him the victor .
te	NNS	She studied the girl 's swords .
te	NN	Tessie heard a chuckle from the end of the receiver and smiled , but nevertheless , Dennis wouldn 't give her a hint .
te	NNS	He pulled his gloves back on .
te	NN	Tell me , my dear Ember . "
te	NNS	Life as a partner at Franklin , Cromwell and Hopkins had its perks .
te	NNS	Julian 's laughter wrapped its cold tips around her heart .
te	NN	It proved a good distraction .
te	NNS	Vermillion put the residents through a lot .
te	NNS	" No , but you and your mom share some pretty tell-tale expressions and I have gotten very good at reading those over the years . "
te	NNS	Lucas hadn 't made any moves in that direction since our first terrible attempt .
te	NNS	Though he never told Gabby what he said , Adrian Melton promptly dropped the charges , despite protests from Mrs. Melton .
te	NN	It released every ounce of fear that consumed him , allowing him to show everything he felt for her .
te	NN	Garcia pulled the sheet back over Adam 's face .
te	NNS	The skin is sagging off her delicate bones .
te	NNS	Rachel and Nate exchanged concerned glances .
te	NNS	They also taught me manners , which Charlie was clearly lacking .
te	NNS	I saw huge mountains and frothy rivers .
te	NN	And since I didn 't even start this fire , I had no clue if it would even listen .
te	NN	They followed the lobby to the right and headed towards the glass door .
te	NN	She wrote down the title of the film , and the date .
te	NNS	" We weren 't able to trace the package , " Locke said grimly .
te	NN	Auschwitz had drained the colour from the people , the land , and the buildings .
te	NNS	I wiggled my toes , which were safely tucked into my socks .
te	NN	She could taste bile , and she was glad that she 'd only had toast for breakfast .
te	NNS	I just ... hate nursing homes .
te	NN	He pulled the sheet from a king-sized bed and strategically exhaled as an inch of dust lifted into a cloud and filled the entire room .
te	NNS	" And what kinda wings are they ? "
te	NN	He leaves the pulse and trails upward along the side of my neck to my ear .
te	NN	-22 - Captain Duhamel was planning a large hunt in just a few days .
te	NNS	Bill had four grandkids , which made Conner push the subject at Matthew and Chloe whenever he saw them .
te	NN	Today , I execute the undertaking without thought or sweat .
te	NNS	Afterwards she used her sweater 's sleeves to remove the vomit from her lips .
te	NNS	Was she helping the authorities or hiding from them ?
te	NN	He had his tuxedo in a garment bag and it was slung over his shoulder .
te	NNS	" You press these buttons to reach whatever floor you want .
te	NNS	Lots of folks visit relatives in the south this time of year .
te	NN	Each three of the enemy had full body armor , a sword , and two rifles .
te	NN	They simply tended to their patients , their ' term of duty ' as they called it .
te	NN	This time she pulled the trigger .
te	NN	Winkler answered the doorbell when it rang , inviting Bill , Ken White and James Renfro inside .
te	NN	He 'd even brought a pint of chocolate ice cream .
te	NNS	That upset the spiders greatly .
te	NN	' You look fantastic , ' Katherine told her mum as she came down the coach steps .
te	NN	Instead , she demonstrated remarkable tact , and it made Laura realize how much they 'd changed .
te	NNS	" You brought Angus ? "
te	NNS	MacLaren Cattle Co. will make available whatever resources you need . "
te	NNS	We played princesses , and pretended that her plastic playhouse was her castle , and the backyard her kingdom .
te	NN	Leaning in , I read the signature in the bottom right corner .
te	NNS	" She could activate the lasers from the work area , without actually being in contact with the lasers themselves ?
te	NNS	He gave her bottom lip the tiniest , faintest lick with the tip of his tongue .
te	NNS	He 'd learned all the lessons I 'd given him over the centuries very well .
te	NNS	In a horrid silent chorus , their cries rose , their frantic curses , their final questions .
te	NNS	The two women picked up their bags and started to click their heels down the empty paths of the airport .
te	NN	Its wide shoulders matched the curve of its two great horns curling out then down framing its powerful maw .
te	NN	" Who knows who else caught a whiff without a bodyguard around to hide you .
te	NNS	In the past , she had spent the Christmas holidays with her father , but this year she had dreaded the prospect .
te	NNS	I don 't want secrets between us . "
te	NN	You want some popcorn ? "
te	NN	Ashe lifted the flap , which wasn 't sealed , and drew the single sheet of matching paper out .
te	NN	As I held it in both hands , the vibrating band tickling the bones of my fingers , I inspected the digital interface .
te	NNS	" We 'll put the guns in the hypercube ! "
te	NN	And yes , Ms. Yanni , because he thought the circumstances warranted it , certainly he would seek the death penalty for James Barr .
te	NN	He removed the cover sheet from over him and all the bruises were gone .
te	NNS	Still , he often drew second glances here , not because he was white .
te	NNS	' Well , it doesn 't exactly curl my toes , but I can 't say I 've enjoyed the experience so far . '
te	NNS	" Any suggestions ? "
te	NN	Just as the car did before , the bike also barely missed a direct collision into them .
te	NN	I had spent my childhood on a lake , swimming , splashing , boating , fishing , watching ducks and geese and seagulls .
te	NN	" Enough , warlock , " he said , his voice rasping .
te	NN	Bradley did not like this outcome at all .
te	NNS	The gods did not have mates .
te	NN	Paul noticed the glint of a diamond encrusted watch elegantly draped around her wrist .
te	NNS	We were discussing the early games of the college basketball season when our flight landed .
te	NNS	They swam several lengths of the pool together .
te	NNS	' We had her photos on the news and in the paper -- even the nationals , although she never quite made it onto the covers .
te	NNS	Gretchen squeezed my fingertips .
te	NNS	I caught flashes of designer luggage and imagined I looked a sight with my huge shabby suitcases and disheveled hair .
te	NNS	" I 'm not denying anything , " she said distinctly .
te	NN	Tessa felt a jolt .
te	NN	I 've brought the guilty to judgment .
te	NNS	He punched three buttons and spoke into a small mike .
te	NNS	" He had all the charges dismissed based on insufficient evidence .
te	NN	She saw the bulge in his pants and knew he wanted her .
te	NN	Cumulus clouds were picking up an orange tint against pale blue sky .
te	NNS	Women want more than hot suggestions whispered into their ears .
te	NN	" And a week before that , you actually offered a salad to some chick and suggested that she eat that instead of her pizza . "
te	NNS	Sometimes , Milton , people make choices that hurt others , no matter how hard they try not to .
te	NNS	The giant 's body muffled the blasts , although it still sounded like I 'd let off a series of firecrackers inside the elevator .
te	NN	Matthew handed the bundled egg to Bax , looked the cowboy in the eye , then to the creatures , and finally to the flaming house .
te	NN	The policeman offers Isaiah his wallet back and mumbles something to him .
te	NNS	He placed his elbows on either side of my face and dug his hands under my head .
te	NN	What I saw sent a thrill of fear along my spine .
te	NNS	I don 't need favors from you . "
te	NN	It had a wide collar and open elbow length sleeves .
te	NN	Abbey saw his alarm .
te	NN	When Deanna joined Theresa for breakfast , she read the column as well before looking at anything else .
te	NNS	Using women before feeding , forcing them to become slaves , " Mikhail answered grimly .
te	NNS	I made all the decisions .
te	NNS	" Hefty bags ? "
te	NN	I doubled the dose we first agreed on in order to infect her .
te	NNS	Even if I had wanted to , I couldn 't have foreseen such events .
te	NNS	I 've made some business decisions I wish I could do over . "
te	NN	My mother collapsed of a stroke on the day I received the confirmation of publication .
te	NN	Squeezing my eyes shut , I slid off the ledge .
te	NNS	He had told Will lots of funny things , and showed him how to do stuff that Mom had said he was too little for .
te	NNS	We 've made great strides , but we 're not ready .
te	NN	He took a long swallow of the wine and slammed the call key coded to her .
te	NN	" We were talking about you , " his mom said , turning around , a bowl in each hand .
te	NN	" Hey , Lucy , " Kim shouted up the ladder into the darkness and fairly small circle of light on Tarzan .
te	NNS	" You have relatives , Lexi .
te	NNS	" I always thought space was dark and cold , " he remarked vaguely .
te	NNS	Phil checked his readings on the polygraph .
te	NN	And at night , work lights would have highlighted the dock , while the dark hid any observers .
te	NNS	He studied the labeled parts .
te	NNS	Jules notices and quickly she leads me away to the kitchen .
te	NN	Gazing through the copious film of dust , she spotted a yellow jersey .
te	NN	You got ta be kidding me . "
te	NN	With pride , he watched the old man beam at the small boy who stood shyly to his side .
te	NNS	" Yeah , he tells me lots of things .
te	NNS	He tied strings to them and he made enough for all the kids to enjoy .
te	NNS	Later , after the girls had gone to bed , he would put away the albums .
te	NN	I could feel the steady pulse of his heart through his wrist .
te	NN	Vin prepared her Luck .
te	NN	He wore a formal military tunic in black silk and a sleeker version of the usual battle sandals .
te	NNS	Then he touched his bandages .
te	NNS	" They can go suck eggs ! "
te	NN	He teased , a glint in his eye .
te	NN	As mayor , Percival relished his influence and all-knowing position of opinion .
te	NN	They crushed the competition , not by force , but by changing popular opinion . "
te	NNS	We only had 120 operatives in Africa , 112 returned here and the final eight were terminated in South Africa last year .
te	NN	Its yellow bulging eyes glowed dim yellow , and its thin scaly black limbs glistened in the darkness .
te	NN	I tried a different approach .
te	NNS	" You don 't get all our secrets .
te	NN	She cuddles the mouse inside her palms , smiling .
te	NN	" I want you to look me in the eye and tell me you 'll get therapy .
te	NN	When he had gathered enough of the glowing material , he opened his ghastly maw and shoved it inside .
te	NN	" You should enjoy the indulgence now .
te	NNS	" Then why the AC units , and why the barbed wire and guards ?
te	NN	Odd meant the tip of a blade , and it was a lucky name .
te	NNS	" Always trust your guts . "
te	NNS	In a span of a few hours , Budda would visit three states that were new to him .
te	NN	You blew the cash in Vegas ?
te	NNS	" Our parents weighed all the options .
te	NNS	Can you see lots of people living there ? "
te	NNS	You divided the mercenaries and sent them back to the sea .
te	NNS	We bade our goodbyes and left the building swiftly .
te	NNS	On the flight down here , he had already studied the locations of various old forts , hoping for a clue .
te	NN	' Have you got any chicken ? '
te	NNS	I hate cell phones .
te	NN	Ivan 's eyes settled on the wiped out symbol " " on the ceiling of the bunker .
te	NNS	Although , since I cost this world a beautiful soul in Mia , I could never really make amends for the loss and my part in it .
te	NN	One shot hit Riddick square in the back .
te	NNS	We won 't have the genetic test results until the morning . "
te	NNS	I felt the corners of my mouth tilting upward as I took another draw .
te	NN	He is out getting some chicken for the meal Jayden 's Mum is making .
te	NNS	He shared his business ventures with a short list of other prominent men who had their hands in other businesses .
te	NNS	I wiggle my toes in the wet sand and enjoy how the cool water laps at my ankles .
te	NNS	Do you have other siblings ?
te	NNS	They would 've swabbed the decks too , but I insisted they leave that job to the last one awake .
te	NN	I don 't even know a fraction of everything that I want to know yet .
te	NNS	He put down the tools he was using , as Eve bustled around getting drinks , and stared steadily at the girls .
te	NN	" You got some private jet I don 't know about ?
te	NN	Garrett lowered the pan so she could easily reach it , and then Garrett offered it to Travis before setting it in front of Eve .
te	NN	I did the math .
te	NNS	And then ... he took her pajamas off , and he started playing with her .
te	NN	Tony assured grandfather that I would not disappoint , and then I had been given a name .
te	NNS	Sam and Garrett exchanged quick , worried glances .
te	NNS	Dolores ran her finger tips over his chest .
te	NN	He opened the envelope quickly , without causing too much damage to it , and pulled out a brochure , a letter and a form .
te	NN	An hour ago and he would have cursed and ignored the urgent peel ; now he would answer it on the way back from the kitchen .
te	NN	" Forgive me , " he says and rises upright , " I mean no disrespect . "
te	NN	She grabbed the collar of his shirt and pulled him back , away from Sakura .
te	NN	But I don 't want an explanation , Katarina .
te	NN	Heart of the People handed his halved apple to Alma , who took a knife to the skin .
te	NNS	I noticed the other players doing similar things .
te	NN	In return , her knuckles scrape against rock .
te	NN	At the very same instant a man with a torch flashed the beam toward the cat .
te	NN	I didn 't even notice your prank .
te	NN	Magic always gives me a headache , clustered right between my eyes .
te	NNS	Then everyone cleared the decks .
te	NN	She smelled his aftershave , a slightly spicy but clean smell that wasn 't overpowering .
te	NN	He was drinking scotch and water .
te	NN	" I should have never started smoking ! "
te	NN	The gunslinger pushed the tip of his smoke into the flame and drew .
te	NN	I picked up the newspaper with a disgusted sigh and scanned the page .
te	NNS	Back under the cover of the oak , the boys took up their spades and began to chip away at the ice-cold ground .
te	NN	I fingered the envelope .
te	NNS	Everyone in the class had gotten tickets and it would be an enjoyable Thursday evening , quite different from her usual activities .
te	NN	He uses a separate security service for events .
te	NNS	She was getting flashes of images - little details that were scary enough by themselves .
te	NNS	Unfortunately he wanted suggestions for interesting places to take his visiting Aunty in three weeks time .
te	NN	He nods and leaves the tent without answering .
te	NN	I won 't get back until probably midday .
te	NNS	He 'd been slipping twenties into my tip jar for over a year .
te	NNS	I don 't need to be where I 'm not wanted , " she picked up her suitcases .
te	NNS	I can see the sharp angles of her shoulders underneath her peach cardigan .
te	NNS	We counted several rows of fangs inside .
te	NN	I get that , " Ashe slurped a spoonful of soup after finishing his mother 's thought .
te	NNS	Lex and Ricky alternated expressions of amazement .
te	NN	" Nobody is saying goodbye ! "
te	NNS	I loaded my guns and decided to fill another bag .
te	NNS	It just rode along the ripples of the smoke .
te	NNS	" Since my arrival in London , I have received multiple threats to abandon my practice .
te	NN	She could feel her heart beating , feel the slow , rhythmic expansions of her rib cage as she breathed .
te	NN	My voice came out an embarrassing squawk .
te	NN	He paced his tent for an hour and finally decided to check on his troops .
te	NNS	I hastily submerged the uncooked spaghetti sticking out with a wooden spoon which I then brandished in front of her .
te	NNS	When the water receded I couldn 't feel the soles of my feet .
te	NN	I 've got ta be somewhere at nine o ' clock .
te	NNS	For the rest of my life , I carried wounds that no man could see but were impossible to leave behind .
te	NN	This should prevent an alarm , but if there is one everyone will have to move fast , " I told them .
te	NN	I let out a sob .
te	NNS	Once you 're that far , the choice is counter the moves or get whacked .
te	NNS	Marius , who had sat forgotten in the background , grunted loudly and got to his feet .
te	NNS	She 'd never heard bells like that .
te	NNS	" I read those comments on the internet .
te	NN	I hadn 't understood that term until Grant Carter entered my life .
te	NN	He picked up his baseball .
te	NN	She could feel the adrenaline coursing through her veins .
te	NNS	Perhaps lovers had carved their initials in it , and then it was struck by lightning .
te	NN	" So why did you study the occult ? "
te	NN	Whispers of disappointment circulate the classroom .
te	NN	Carol picked up the technique immediately , but Alix was all fingers .
te	NN	" You get this prescription filled and take it . "
te	NN	After Devlin finished unpacking the car , he picked off a battered clipboard from a hook on the wall next to the tack room .
te	NN	I will carry the truth with me , he remembered the angel saying .
te	NNS	The group hustled past empty living quarters until they came across Zep 's second group of pirates .
te	NN	He hurried the canoe down the other side , so as not to be seen .
te	NN	' I 'm cooking chicken .
te	NN	He took a chocolate cookie out of the cookie jar and chomped on it as he worked .
te	NNS	She pried her heavy eyelids apart .
te	NN	I didn 't have anything concrete , just a feeling , so I put Marc on it . "
te	NN	Paul couldn 't imagine the burden that he was bearing .
te	NNS	Fitch had directed eight trials without a loss .
te	NNS	" She played games with me , she let me watch my show on television , and she helped me clean up my toys . "
te	NNS	" No , other than ask the other investors if they 've heard from Kurt lately . "
te	NNS	He probably could grow wings and fly away .
te	NNS	" I heard rumors that two of my ... shall we say , less enlightened Brothers were sent to the heavens by a certain Watcher .
te	NN	He gave you a parking ticket , so here he is , delivered to your doorstep . ' "
te	NN	From the corner of her eye , Emma saw her car approach with her good-for-nothing driver , hired by her son , at the wheel .
te	NNS	Dad pulled no punches and pretty much laid it all out on the table .
te	NN	I heard the clink of keys inside and thanked Helen in my head , hoping I 'd remember to thank her properly when I saw her next .
te	NNS	It has its charms , but I know my place is by Katarina 's side .
te	NN	These interrogations , combined with the battle and Joshua 's information from the south , necessitated Nathan 's hurried dispatch to General Anderson .
te	NNS	They paid their checks and then headed out to the truck .
te	NNS	Through it I saw half a dozen small shapes attacking an opaque fog .
te	NNS	He had taken their gifts , and with that new power , he found the courage to show his true colors . "
te	NN	" Faith 's having the gala here ! "
te	NN	I removed the sweater from my shoulders as I took his hand and he led me to the middle of the deck .
te	NN	The door opened a crack .
te	NNS	" I 'll not press charges . "
te	NNS	Still , the mysticism engenders loads of confusion , making many of us flop in love .
te	NNS	The crow flapped its wings again .
te	NN	Her husband had lived a significant portion of his life in that room .
te	NNS	We put some pops and beer and such in fish baskets and sank them in the lake off the dock . "
te	NNS	They hauled away bags of empty bottles and beer cans .
te	NN	He tightened his grasp on my hips , suspending me above him .
te	NNS	A spear has two ends , idiot .
te	NNS	This is Small Town , U.S.A. People do favors for each other here .
te	NNS	I didn 't like the expressions on either of their faces .
te	NNS	He was even allowed some privileges , such as the cell C almost a normal room Che shared in the barrack with only one other prisoner .
te	NNS	" We have some sushi and California rolls for you .
te	NN	Lea ducked the punch , and stood up with a left uppercut to Hilda 's chin .
te	NN	One of the soldiers unhooked a grenade from his belt and tossed it frantically in my direction , missing by several feet .
te	NNS	I saw that my name " Ava , " was on the screen , telling me I was allowed 2,000 calories .
te	NN	If you go now , I won 't tell Papa it was you . "
te	NNS	But few people read them until they were well worn and even fewer left those dog-eared copies out for show .
te	NNS	Story or song , ye 've got yer choices .
te	NNS	I flapped my massive wings languidly , riding the tides of night .
te	NNS	It saw trials ahead to overcome , and dangers that threatened Sam 's life and his happiness .
te	NN	They bury the dead in a four foot deep grave , in the sitting position , facing the place where they were born .
te	NNS	He unfastened the top two buttons on my dress , which I hauled over my head .
te	NN	He had a real funny bone , too .
te	NN	" Several hours after you began your nap . "
te	NNS	" He probably enjoys knowing that they can feel him killing them , " Alex said grimly .
te	NNS	I got my traditions .
te	NN	He walked up the driveway and stood in front of the small porch .
te	NN	By the time Liam was changed , Annabelle and I had enough restraint over ourselves to teach him how to maintain himself .
te	NNS	He shuffled me down three flights of stairs and then removed my blindfold .
te	NNS	" The senator has no such habits that I 'm aware of -- " " I don 't like the man , Quincy . "
te	NN	Afraid of some kind of hidden violence inside of me , wrought by my father and by the years of silence my faction forced on me .
te	NN	Coincidence -- or fate if you believe in that sort of thing -- has her square in the center of Los Angeles on that day .
te	NN	He eyed the trajectory of his snowmobile , gauging if he would need to bail before it ... skidded ... to a. . .
te	NN	Shadow could do sarcasm as well as anyone .
te	NN	A boy of no more than fifteen charged up the center aisle with blood smeared all over his shirt .
te	NN	He strolled up the aisle toward the front of the church , stopping near the massive organ to the left of the pulpit .
te	NN	He began an elaborate stretching routine , one designed more for show than to loosen tight muscles .
te	NNS	I hate goodbyes , so this is the only one you 'll get .
te	NN	Enjoy the bash ! "
te	NNS	Some of the townspeople volunteer to mow the field before we set the tents up .
te	NNS	" I will only bring a few trusted advisors and servants .
te	NNS	Lust fills their expressions .
te	NNS	The EOD had some pretty powerful strings .
te	NN	She 'd made the animal skin tent not long after coming to the Plains , but rarely used it .
te	NNS	Greedy , greedy boys always lose their toys .
te	NN	She set her satchel on a nearby table and started to open it .
te	NNS	" How does Nightshade silence its operatives ? "
te	NNS	It has had its hooks in you since you were born .
te	NNS	Even relatives don 't necessarily fit the criteria .
te	NN	She let out another gasp .
te	NNS	She had a few old phones hanging about , and the SIM card looked undamaged .
te	NN	I wanted his guidance .
te	NN	She adjusted the frequency and caught a few words that were quickly swallowed again .
te	NNS	Danvers took several steps and felt his heart quicken as a new thought prevailed , Agatha Beaumont had many spies ; maybe he could work a deal .
te	NN	Then had come weariness of it all , and hatred even , and his conviction of his own utter insignificance and mediocrity .
te	NNS	' Whole mountains and cliffs and beaches where once there was nothing , style of thing . '
te	NN	She remembered the press conference all too well .
te	NN	He adjusted the collar of his shirt behind his bow tie and kept talking .
te	NNS	Opening the drawer , Bob revealed six mobile phones , each with a white label adhered to its rear .
te	NN	As I flew past Jill , she gave me a whistle and exclaimed , " Girl , you 're going to kill him tonight . "
te	NN	Alonso didn 't like Valeria 's new defensive stance .
te	NN	He couldn 't have prevented the jolt of desire he felt for her any more than the tides can resist the pull of the moon .
te	NNS	We 've received some applications , as you know , but nothing that really lights my fire .
te	NNS	Haven followed Marius to the door .
te	NNS	I didn 't even find any personal electronics other than the standard computer that came chained to each dorm room .
te	NNS	More than changing mentally , he was changing physically .
te	NNS	No , she would somehow reach Romulus , and he would find her .
te	NNS	As the boat drifted , we used the oars to shift the logs and leaves washed up against the edge of the woods .
te	NNS	He takes out some frosted flakes , grinds them up and separates them into lines .
te	NN	He could now get some rainwater and have a drink .
te	NN	I wiped the moisture of the tears off my cheeks and sniffed .
te	NN	I 'll do you the honor of considering your yacht my own . ' "
te	NN	I heard a devious chuckle before he sat back up and continued to rub my back until I was completely relaxed again .
te	NN	The cameras recorded their progress up the stairs .
te	NN	" Like your grandfather . "
te	NNS	Looking up he saw headlights coming down the street .
te	NN	She packed up her acoustic guitar and left everything else as it was .
te	NN	" God damn it , you 've seen that portrait thousands of times !
te	NN	She laughs and grabs the collar of my shirt .
te	NN	He immediately choked back the snarl in his voice when he saw the uneasiness in Geoffrey 's eyes .
te	NN	I let out a nervous chuckle , swatting the truth away .
te	NNS	You mean our footprints ?
te	NN	She stiffened her backbone and lifted her chin .
te	NNS	Why would any couple incorporate rape fantasies into their relationship ?
te	NN	As it was , he felt traitor enough .
te	NNS	" He 's driving the nurses on his floor crazy asking for you .
te	NNS	We will not make the same mistakes .
te	NNS	I ran some tests by ingesting some of them made with a small release cycle .
te	NNS	She could imagine the suddenness , the viciousness of the attack .
te	NNS	" Wow , your mother and her cousin have guts .
te	NNS	" Did he ever take photos of your neighbors ? "
te	NNS	He wears the binoculars .
te	NNS	The electronic door lock clicked loudly .
te	NNS	My mother flipped the eggs in the pan , then picked up a mixing bowl from the counter and began to whisk the batter .
te	NN	I slung my axe behind my shoulder without a word .
te	NN	Peter picked up his blaster and pointed ahead .
te	NN	He took the recorder and hurried back .
te	NN	Forcing himself to his feet , he grabbed another section of the roof and felt it break off in his hands .
te	NN	He tapped the stack of papers .
te	NNS	His smile cracks through .
te	NNS	We have received several anonymous tips about what 's been going on over there and I want to give you a chance to set the record straight .
te	NNS	to answer your question , we do have some individuals of interest at this point but it would be inappropriate to identify them as suspects .
te	NN	It didn 't take a genius to realize that was a military copter .
te	NN	You must always remember the pulse and the needs of the component cells .
te	NNS	She took the beads and placed them around her neck .
te	NNS	His young daughter , Eleanor , enjoys a few lessons from me as well !
te	NNS	We patrol the borders between the two worlds . "
te	NN	" She also has a core of strength that any warrior would envy .
te	NN	I grab a stack of score sheets and a pen before taking a seat overlooking the lanes .
te	NNS	If I wasn 't already covered in bruises from our training session , I would have thrown off my gloves and charged Jason .
te	NNS	From the other side he heard shouts , de Sable crying , ' Men .
te	NN	Now that his mission was complete , he was leaving the library , leaving the scene of the crime .
te	NNS	She stripped off her gloves , drew her knees up to her chin , and sighed .
te	NNS	" We can get Hades afterward .
te	NNS	But I would rather give my kisses away than sell them . "
te	NNS	She eyed the opening gates , envisioning them closing behind her .
te	NNS	We just file last year 's applications .
te	NNS	To even think he must play these foolish games with beings that were as insignificant as roaches made his teeth clench .
te	NNS	They 'd never kept secrets from each other .
te	NNS	Jack and Tom got coolers and blankets out of the canoes .
te	NN	Centuries tumbled together in his mind , a haze of lost memories made dim by the will to forget .
te	NNS	" We 'd preferred fairies , since they 're stronger and generally less fickle . "
te	NNS	Marcus and Sabrina exchanged glances .
te	NNS	" Well , there you are , compliments of the Machine God .
te	NNS	Most of them wore beautifully tailored dresses and fancy hats on their heads .
te	NN	" Are we totally sure it 's not , like ... a random crime ?
te	NN	The loud music there had given him a headache .
te	NNS	" I have great responsibilities , yes .
te	NN	They liked their humour to be a bit , well , funnier .
te	NNS	" I guess you know who I am , " Brice said grimly .
te	NNS	Retrieving the sword takes 2 rounds .
te	NN	It took every ounce of energy not to let my tone betray the anger and tension blistering through me .
te	NN	" Then we 're making progress . "
te	NNS	But you left anyways .
te	NN	That last episode , when he 'd mentally checked out , had almost put her square into the hands of a madman .
te	NN	" But then you wouldn 't have found your mate . "
te	NN	What true heir of Camelot ? "
te	NN	I entered the program for a new start and opportunities .
te	NN	What new stupidity was this ?
te	NNS	But ... he still wasn 't making any moves .
te	NN	Glory hasn 't been given Internet clearance . "
te	NNS	A single rose petal drifts , the powdery edge grazing my nose .
te	NN	" Did you forget the poison ?
te	NNS	" We have three rogues out there somewhere , and I intend to track them down .
te	NN	An electronic tag on Allen 's combat uniform dropped a pin of his position on the ground .
te	NNS	" Why don 't I take our guests inside and you show them around . "
te	NN	" Admirable restraint . "
te	NNS	She has all the symptoms , but we 'll know more when Dr. Massey arrives . "
te	NN	he asked , worry lining his voice .
te	NN	" I was just taking a nap .
te	NN	I rushed behind the greenhouse , desperate to find him .
te	NN	He picked up the jug and tipped the water over his head , spilling much of it on the floor as he did so .
te	NNS	" Everyone has secrets . "
te	NNS	Jon focused his night-vision binoculars .
te	NN	He lost a good portion of the family income , and had to learn how to budget .
te	NNS	He hated politicians and their stupid concerns , always their own needs before everyone else 's .
te	NN	I 'd play a trick on the rubes .
te	NN	We pay our bill and head to the theater .
te	NNS	Mom pushed up the sleeves of her cardigan as she wrote on the blackboard : Evolving interpretations .
te	NN	She no longer had the luxury of being a crusader .
te	NN	Over this she donned her silver armor and helmet , sheathing an iron sword at her side and taking her enchanted staff in hand .
te	NN	In time , her mind drifted off the cloud he had put her on .
te	NNS	I made bad choices and I have to live with them .
te	NNS	I can draw up some dental records if there 's any doubt . '
te	NN	" You pick your own prize , Xander !
te	NN	The majority was kept intact to sustain my imprisonment , " she reveals , a substantial bitterness lingering in her words .
te	NNS	He saw photos of me with the stars at bluegrass festivals .
te	NN	" Nick , if he wasn 't going to help us , then he was impeding our progress and was a threat .
te	NNS	Olivia had taken these photos , so of course she must know .
te	NN	" Never had lasagna ?
te	NN	She had a stack of folders in her arms and was reaching distractedly for the access badge at her waist .
te	NNS	See those brown and yellow patches down there ? "
te	NN	I didn 't understand a fraction of it , but it was fascinating all the same -- when I listened .
te	NN	As the night wore on , he couldn 't escape the conclusion that his chance with Julie was suddenly going the way of Atlantis .
te	NNS	" Who sent him the death threats ? "
te	NN	He took a puff from his pipe .
te	NN	She didn 't like the silky menace in his tone .
te	NN	She had her mate , now she needed her child .
te	NN	Luke ignored the bitterness in her tone .
te	NNS	He could see the two goons , the original Mercedes driver , two people who were smartly dressed and one more person .
te	NNS	Instead of glaring back , he studied the barbarian 's fleshy stumps that were married to cold , mechanical forms .
te	NN	" I have another client due in ten minutes , Dreamer . "
te	NN	" I owe him a bunch of cupcakes . "
te	NNS	Simon rested his elbows on his knees and waited it out .
te	NNS	" They know your secrets . "
te	NN	The door opened a crack , a female voice whispered " Ready ! "
te	NN	Ensure an increase in their wealth , honours and land holdings .
te	NNS	She brought her fingertips to her forehead and lightly massaged .
te	NNS	They suspected our differences and hated us for it .
te	NNS	Long dead volcanoes spit up their molten guts into the seas , spoiling and poisoning most of the water .
te	NNS	* You will not defend your males ?
te	NNS	The Pastor had labeled these skeletons in a stark and horrible way .
te	NNS	Blasted poor bastards with radiation .
te	NNS	I must have killed tens of trees while trying to draw only a single line .
te	NNS	Whoever is doing it doesn 't have the guts to put their name on it .
te	NNS	I don 't think anyone cares about that anymore though .
te	NN	I know a clay dealer who has a lab in on the outskirts of the city .
te	NN	Brynn put the flower up to her nose and inhaled , closing her eyes .
te	NNS	Even to risk her young nieces and nephew ? "
te	NNS	He wore thin tan gloves with openings over the knuckles and between the fingers .
te	NNS	Francesca hands her shopping bags to him as well , leaving him looking a bit like a bellman .
te	NN	She lowered the sketchbook slowly into her lap .
te	NN	Jeff would offer a tip of his hat ; Erica , the dutiful wife of the 1830s , just followed along with an occasional nod .
te	NN	I 'll finally have access to brain tissue samples from a living victim in the early stages of infection .
te	NN	As much as that had hurt her , she had understood his explanation ; he had seen that in her eyes .
te	NNS	He has drums in his garage that he 's always screwing around with .
te	NNS	Like Dominic , she made more enemies than she did friends .
te	NNS	I wouldn 't miss a few pounds .
te	NNS	If that doesn 't work check the other ticket counters around the city .
te	NN	" I will need a clean white sheet , a pot of boiling water , and plenty of towels .
te	NNS	He tore up clumps of the grass , trying his best to keep his maw shut and let only muffled grunts escape .
te	NNS	He pulled his gloves from his belt and slipped them on .
te	NNS	Make your own decisions and know that we will back you one hundred per cent . "
te	NN	It lacked the finesse of my own , yet was just as effective and , I soon learnt , just as painful .
te	NNS	" I can , " Jack said grimly .
te	NNS	Some are even making speeches . "
te	NN	His swerving wasn 't helping my bladder at all !
te	NN	What other explanation could there be for their advanced civilisation ?
te	NNS	His wife , Caroline , has doctoral degrees in physics and computer science , and they have five sons .
te	NNS	" With millions of Cyclops no longer in use , it will ... tax our resources .
te	NNS	The board has received copies of your abstract , results of the study up to this point , and proposal for expanded funding through federal grants .
te	NNS	I took great pains to ensure that I was not seen or followed . "
te	NN	" If you attack me without provocation , the Assembly will revoke your House 's access to our services .
te	NN	" I can 't believe I. . .
te	NNS	I put some socks in there .
te	NNS	Lea saw the punches coming and prepared herself to block them .
te	NN	Then I find my mind clearing .
te	NNS	" I changed my mind , " he said through gritted teeth , a few more bulbs bursting to add drama .
te	NNS	When she finished , the two men exchanged glances .
te	NN	The first thing we should do is find it 's Sanctuary . "
te	NN	But she had not considered the unfortunate consequence that her decision would endanger Victor .
te	NN	Or " This hat has cut off all circulation to the top of my head but it 's adorable . "
te	NNS	We could make the little game pieces various body parts . "
te	NN	By the time he arrived , they were well into getting her prepped .
te	NN	" Lock your seat belt . "
te	NN	And to see their alien discovery .
te	NN	The men quickly finished the errand they had been sent to do , and left the room .
te	NNS	In this particular situation , however , the discord hath its origins outside the boundaries of this most unhappy of realms .
te	NNS	She studied the maps closely .
te	NNS	She entered " haunted lighthouse " in the search bar and up came my videos .
te	NNS	" Can you get tickets ? "
te	NNS	" Please , like you 're that good now come on let 's get our bags out of here and head to the forest . "
te	NNS	Moving to stand before him , she drew his gloves off his hands and gasped at the torn blisters that covered his palms .
te	NNS	Fire always ends up ashes .
te	NNS	I hold up the two tools that I found and he nodded .
te	NNS	Her father even planted kisses on her cheeks .
te	NNS	" When he is like this , I have no qualms leaving him with you , but just in case , keep the stun gun nearby . "
te	NNS	After a few seconds of waiting , the dog licked Vane 's fingertips .
te	NNS	Evidently , though , Matthias pursued his personal affairs with more finesse than he did his professional ones .
te	NN	She waved vaguely down the dock .
te	NN	I had no clue what so ever any of that was going to happen .
te	NNS	Michelle twisted the ends of her scarf .
te	NN	" I 've never witnessed such a technique . "
te	NNS	The first time , he brought fresh eggs back with him .
te	NNS	Night penetrated all the corners of her chamber .
te	NN	I shook the handles , rattling the doors , but they didn 't give .
te	NN	I grabbed the waistband of my pants , preparing to strip down behind him .
te	NNS	Realizing she really was thirsty , she took more sips , glad she could relax even if for a few more minutes before she had to go .
te	NN	She had a dark purple satin thong on that just might be my favorite color in the whole world right now .
te	NN	Now ... you guys want the real Monty ?
te	NNS	She 'd turned all those scars , those badges of courage , into pure artwork and he admired her all the more for it .
te	NNS	Another stormy silence as his probing invaded her recesses .
te	NNS	But we can certainly round up a few baskets of berries that 'll work nicely . "
te	NN	He lifted his mighty flint axe .
te	NN	So you 'll pay the penalty . "
te	NNS	" I just miss my drums .
te	NN	Rusty pulled a bill out of his wallet and waved it around .
te	NN	If Kylie could state the untruth and Della automatically believed it , she might not even check Kylie 's heartbeat .
te	NN	He neutralized the poison and made it so I could come back .
te	NNS	I propped my elbows on my knees and dropped my head into my hands .
te	NNS	Remember those water tanks filled with pond scum ?
te	NNS	The man issued compliments too easily , and she didn 't intend to be swayed by his glib tongue .
te	NNS	He sat motionless , his eyes somberly watching us .
te	NNS	First , I assumed the night you were attacked by Viktoria , the poison only reached your arteries .
te	NNS	They all had some extra holes in their bodies .
te	NNS	The metal bird on the desk flapped its wings once .
te	NNS	Therefore they cannot warrant detailed investigations .
te	NN	And besides , he 'd fabricated his fantasy in order to get himself paired with Juliette .
te	NNS	I didn 't have many options .
te	NN	He entered the workshop .
te	NN	" When this is over , I won 't have a faction . "
te	NNS	They even wore orange vests so they wouldn 't be mistaken for game if someone happened to be hunting .
te	NNS	When the time comes to say good-bye , we 'll have these nights to look back upon and remember how fierce the passion was between us . "
te	NN	" I do have a ski mask . "
te	NNS	A peaceful smile lifted the corners of his lips .
te	NN	" It fires a low density beam .
te	NNS	" Swear you 'll take Tomas out of here .
te	NN	Danny 's wolf has recognized your dominance over him , so he 's acting as he should .
te	NNS	Trust me , you won 't like the way I handle threats . "
te	NN	Max was finishing his shutdown sequence , when he noticed the security detail running toward them from across the deck .
te	NN	He tosses the newspaper onto a table and motions for me to have a seat in the living room .
te	NN	We needed fuel again , saw a Texaco sign brightly lit , and had gotten off at the first exit inside Georgia .
te	NNS	" I must attend His Holiness .
te	NN	Fucked , with a capital " F. " He had barely made a splash in the London theater scene before his agent booked him this role .
te	NNS	I don 't like muffins .
te	NNS	I 'd already passed the tests .
te	NN	Nick slid the tip of his boot back and forth in an arc across the crunchy gravel path .
te	NNS	She made a fuss of me .
te	NNS	I made the finishing touches on my tablet and sent the graphic to her , hoping that she would find it acceptable .
te	NNS	We rotated shifts , a barrage of bullets , and then the cleanup crews .
te	NN	His smile sent a chill through me .
te	NNS	She knew all the costs of starting such a business .
te	NNS	I grabbed two tissues from the box I kept in my car , emptying it out .
te	NNS	He makes threats of kicking me out as he spits in my face .
te	NNS	However , these tanks fired the powerful 90 mm rounds .
te	NN	On it , she 'd written Angie 's home address and phone number , as well as the restaurant 's information .
te	NN	They carried with them a bristling assortment of weapons , all polished brightly and sharpened well .
te	NN	" I 'll have some whiskey as well . "
te	NNS	Sally already had her checks done and her engines warmed , and she quickly turned and began her take-off .
te	NNS	They took their ceremonies seriously and this was literally a once in a hundred years opportunity .
te	NN	Not that I had any clue what to feed it .
te	NN	We opened the fabric flap to go into the school .
te	NNS	Within minutes he was having his wounds attended to .
te	NNS	Yes , they 've created fascinating , " the word dripped with sarcasm , " little societies .
te	NN	I told the sheriff I wanted you two ' cause I can trust you .
te	NNS	It only takes long vacations .
te	NNS	" Has to be , " the marshal replied loudly .
te	NNS	She had seen the bandages wrapped around his chest and the blood seeped into them .
te	NNS	It contains all the secrets .
te	NN	And ... did you get a headache when you used your light ? "
te	NNS	" How many wives must each man take -- and each of them such a burden ?
te	NNS	I tried three dresses until I found the one I wanted .
te	NN	I don 't deserve any compassion .
te	NN	" See that copse of trees over there ? "
te	NN	We just completed the Joining ceremony .
te	NN	He missed the pin .
te	NN	We didn 't have concrete and brick separating the executive floor and muffling the sounds of our activities .
te	NNS	All serving slaves wore white gloves .
te	NN	I have a bone to pick with you . '
te	NN	You take my hand and graceful stroll with me to the drop zone for the match , third .
te	NNS	You must have endless resources . "
te	NNS	" Did you inherit your gifts from your parents ? "
te	NN	His breath is dark , the underside of the sea .
te	NN	Another minute and I might hear my skull crack .
te	NN	He pulled the notebook out of our bag and turned it on .
te	NNS	Pagan would be feeling its effects for days .
te	NN	I take a gulp and swallow slowly .
te	NNS	" I run the games in this town .
te	NNS	Adria grabbed her bags from the trunk of her car , and waddled up the stairs to start her two weeks of relaxation .
te	NNS	I heard their shouts in the distance .
te	NN	" I do , " he said , the frown still in place .
te	NN	Can you create fog over the water ? "
te	NN	She felt a blush trying to creep up her neck and she forced herself to concentrate .
te	NN	He tried a different tack .
te	NNS	I entered the two sets of numbers into the latitude and longitude screen of my GPS .
te	NN	Jim slid the baton back into his belt and walked out closing the door on his troubled friend .
te	NNS	Because I 'm tired of taking hand outs and I 'm tired of the pity in the faces of those that give the hand outs .
te	NN	But she would not have a mishap .
te	NN	" I have a mate .
te	NNS	As the servants disappeared from the room , we also took our seats and began enjoying the wondrous delights before us .
te	NNS	We used only disabling karate chops !
te	NN	She 'd expected a struggle and was surprised when he released it at once .
te	NN	He shouldn 't have ordered the clam sauce .
te	NN	" You can 't get service down here , anyway . "
te	NNS	In Raoul 's eyes , she had no flaws .
te	NNS	He caressed down her tips and massaged them both , tugging in rhythmic strokes .
te	NNS	She hugged the flyers to her , protecting that great hole opening in her heart as she realized how she missed knowing more of her mother .
te	NN	" Sauerkraut and corned beef . "
te	NNS	They also took witness statements .
te	NN	Luc gave a low whistle and shook his head .
te	NN	She shoved the checkbook back into the top drawer , then pushed the chair back a few feet , just as Mr. Mercer had left it .
te	NNS	However , on closer inspection the veins themselves had silver coloured ends .
te	NN	Here comes the pitch .
te	NNS	The magic lantern has certain hypnotic effects .
te	NNS	As soon as you turn eighteen , we 'll have more options . "
te	NNS	The descendants of Quentin Gallagher were selling off the author 's possessions , including his original manuscripts .
te	NN	James jumped off the stool .
te	NN	Ponder that , " and then resumes his tracking .
te	NN	My agency training superseded my natural instinct .
te	NNS	She drops two pills in my hand and gives me her water bottle .
te	NNS	Mikaela stood motionless in front of him .
te	NN	I killed a bunch of people .
te	NN	Never had he placed a huge importance on virginity .
te	NN	You only do your therapy when you have someone with you , right ? "
te	NNS	The sounds were the most frightening part , loud moans or high pitched screeching sounds made terrifying interruptions to our otherwise silent drive .
te	NNS	Like a gardener pulling roots I felt parts of my mind wake up to dreams I 'd been having for weeks .
te	NN	' Did you not receive my communication ? '
te	NN	Chewy could sense Clint 's happiness before he spoke .
te	NNS	Carlisle was working nights in Ithaca and teaching part time at Cornell .
te	NN	Celia was left a bunch of mementos , while Corrado was given the key to a storage unit .
te	NNS	You and Captain Alden canvass any locals in the area .
te	NNS	I wouldn 't have treated someone else 's personal belongings like this .
te	NNS	" Everyone take your seats .
te	NN	Perhaps this will silence the lunatic fringe . "
te	NN	Max was still studying the mapping application .
te	NN	His voice sounded hoarse , as if he struggled to keep the emotion down .
te	NN	I delivered the perfect stronghold and supply center into the hands of my sworn enemy , and I was happy to do it .
te	NNS	He set the events in motion , twenty-eight years ago , that would create Shane 's twisted obsession for justice and death .
te	NN	The last week had left my head swimming .
te	NN	I didn 't have a ton of faith that we might work out , but it sure as hell would be an affair to remember .
te	NNS	' No indeed , ' said Zeus with a smile .
te	NN	She lit the second torch and rested for a minute trying to decide what to do .
te	NNS	" How many siblings do you have ? "
te	NN	Somehow , I didn 't picture this conference with red hats and drunken old men chasing young women of questionable character .
te	NN	" Eww , I can feel your saliva on my neck . "
te	NNS	When we draw closer , I see rows of benches inside it with maroon cushions on them .
te	NNS	When she finished , she lifted the animal 's hooves and held them under the dryer along with her own nails .
te	NNS	He just peeled off his gloves slowly , placed them in the empty cardboard box , and folded down the lid .
te	NN	" And you took the bullet , which was really , really sweet of you .
te	NNS	The vibration of his voice sets off explosions of lust inside me .
te	NN	Maybe by refusing this mission , you 'd remind the government that they turned their back on you and you haven 't forgotten . "
te	NN	She had a really hard shell but I remembered something in the kiss .
te	NN	She 'd committed suicide in a motel - barbiturates and a razor combined .
te	NN	Took his own mug and plate over .
te	NN	Eight seconds had waved goodbye .
te	NN	She didn 't get a tip . "
te	NN	Through the window I could see a sliver of the moon between the branches of a distant tree .
te	NNS	He places his fingertips at my collarbone and asks gently , " Are you okay ? "
te	NN	The Lord Merchant sprinkled the salt on his meal .
te	NNS	Company trucks of some sort , painted the same colors , but no name on them .
te	NNS	I steal scissors from the medicine cabinet and cut the stitches out , wondering without much curiosity at all if I 'll have a scar .
te	NNS	I don 't see the owners much though .
te	NNS	Rock piles littered the green hills , and Grace winced with almost every step .
te	NN	Can 't you just bring me a jug of water and let me take some pills or something ? "
te	NN	Jake saw an imprint of a ring under the soft cloth shirt he wore .
te	NNS	" I 've got lots of plans for Casey 's time , so I think she 'll be needing the help . "
te	NNS	She unbuttoned the top three buttons of his shirt and kissed down over his neck to his chest .
te	NN	" How can I survive an eternity without you ? "
te	NN	Then I see the huge paw , and the long black claws .
te	NNS	We were making and shipping parts for spaceships , space station housing units and housing unit modules for future colonies on other planets .
te	NN	The opposing team had its players don royal blue jersey and shorts .
te	NN	You 'll find the medical kit back in the cabinet . "
te	NNS	But I had other concerns now .
te	NN	We often spend our days diving in these waters , strictly in search of damsels in distress . "
te	NN	Unable to wait longer , he retrieved the device and pressed RETURN with both thumbs .
te	NN	' Here , ' said the piper .
te	NNS	" Couldn 't find my socks . "
te	NNS	She did not like the nearness of the demons , but he said they would not harm the people here .
te	NN	" Well then , I 'll have the chicken sandwich . "
te	NNS	They exchanged blows in a violent flurry .
te	NNS	He 'd put gloves on ?
te	NNS	The Shadow Queen had sent the prophecies ?
te	NN	" Look into my eyes , boy , " she whispered , a sandy croak of sound .
te	NN	" Your employee ? "
te	NN	He must have reached the guesthouse by now .
te	NNS	" Anytime within a week , " Emily said grimly .
te	NNS	Grace handed Amanda three bags that held gift-wrapped boxes .
te	NNS	" Just treat me better , don 't punish Iris , and we can all figure this thing out together . "
te	NN	She finally released the headboard and grabbed his face , jerking him down for a wild kiss .
te	NNS	The freeze hit her ankles again , swirling around her calves and thighs and Julia staggered back from the frenzied Master while trying to escape his Mistress .
te	NNS	My father quickly checked the man 's vitals and was taking notes as he checked all the machines .
te	NNS	' Stanley Jefferson , ' said Blue Eyes , breaking my fall .
te	NNS	Next , she dumped her dresser drawers onto the floor .
te	NNS	Parents filled the balconies and bleachers , row after row of chairs lined across the basketball court .
te	NN	He pointed up the slope .
te	NN	Hannah loved that studio .
te	NNS	NASA would remotely operate Hermes and bring it in for rendezvous .
te	NNS	Constantly she threw panicked glances over her shoulder , searching for him .
te	NNS	Over the past month , I 'd gained a few pounds and it had made my curves curvier and I knew I wore it well .
te	NN	She continued her progress to the ballroom .
te	NNS	If anyone was to drive by right now I can just imagine the rumors .
te	NN	She really did sound pitiful .
te	NNS	" Does it have shoulder pads ?
te	NN	Some lost awareness of the world .
te	NN	His fingers curled around the nape of her neck , drew her to him .
te	NNS	And sell lots of books ! " '
te	NN	Fine people are always telling everybody how fine they are . "
te	NN	Lawrence handed him the water hose .
te	NNS	" We have lots to gain and very little to lose .
te	NNS	I met their wives last year .
te	NN	Jacobs was just out here asking a bunch of questions about closing the gates on the dam .
te	NNS	She pulled her sleeves over her hands and walked with her head down .
te	NNS	She would examine recent events when the time was right .
te	NN	" My family has owned this property for generations .
te	NNS	Ice crackled up and down Clary 's bones .
te	NN	Tessa leaned the bow against the footboard and moved closer to him , tentatively , as if he were an animal she was fearful of startling .
te	NN	But that doesn 't diminish my satisfaction that you 're here . "
te	NNS	And she woke up something primal in me , something that I hadn 't ever felt .
te	NNS	" We 'd pay all expenses , naturally . "
te	NN	I 'm pulling my cloak up around me .
te	NNS	Could this man deliver the goods beyond the surface ?
te	NN	Omar pulled some cash out of his pocket .
te	NNS	I wasn 't expecting guests .
te	NNS	His smoky voice contained the same treacherous crackles .
te	NNS	I don 't do relationships , and I obviously suck at it . "
te	NN	The situation has just entered a whole new dimension .
te	NN	Somewhere deep inside , she felt the sting of that , and the truth of it .
te	NNS	" They 're interviewing suspects .
te	NN	Once he was alone , Foxy began his transformation .
te	NNS	Maddox swiped the pills from her hand before she could toss them into her mouth .
te	NNS	The sleek glide of her ponytail through his fingers sent electric shocks bolting straight through him , making him hard and hungry for more of her .
te	NNS	The man tossed two large black garbage bags on the ground and waved his fist furiously at Zoey .
te	NNS	" I want pillows ! "
te	NN	He opened the second oxygen tank .
te	NN	" Michael ´ s almost defeated the android .
te	NN	I 'll watch television , pack my bags , and get ready to leave . "
te	NN	Even though I 'd dug the " Variety " section of the newspaper out of the trash can , where one of my housemates had hidden it .
te	NN	I could imagine the frown on his face .
te	NN	We had given him the address of the warehouse and arranged that he had to be there at exactly five minutes past twelve .
te	NNS	I had heard rumors , of course , but no evidence could be found . "
te	NNS	" She committed the murders ... but she 's not guilty . "
te	NNS	We just use the eggs and continue to grow the flock .
te	NNS	The man replied loudly , and hung his head in submission , but continued to mumble under his breath .
te	NN	None of the other students saw the tall , blue youth , but they flowed unconsciously around him like water anyway .
te	NN	She yanked off the bow using the thick , cream card that was attached .
te	NNS	Josh didn 't know the actual verses but knew he 'd heard something like that somewhere .
te	NN	Walker moved our canoe closer to theirs and they helped keep it steady as Walker pulled me back into the boat .
te	NN	Still , with all his political power , Mapplethorpe could not gain access to Sigma 's inner sanctum .
te	NN	She sets the spatula down on the counter .
te	NN	The one who 'd clocked Mina had already packed up the pup tent and was now rooting around the flatbed .
te	NN	Peaks already had a dusting of snow and frost .
te	NNS	Priya had no personality traits that I could discern , although in all fairness , I had never looked very hard .
te	NN	Darren had swiped a garden gnome from his neighbor 's house and the poor concrete bastard had met its maker down by the river .
te	NN	Jason simply matched my stride and pressed on .
te	NNS	" You ... have wings , " Sophia said with a smile .
te	NN	She left the flap of it hanging from one corner so that she could put it back if they came in .
te	NN	That special messenger has a variety of skills .
te	NN	Rob pulls a thin object out of his sleeve and I catch a glimpse of a glimmer of a blade .
te	NN	Even doing it in such a polite and kind way , you are wounding my ego . "
te	NN	After you removed the arrow from Huntress Livia , I heard her mumble .
te	NN	We could have probably bagged this account from the start ! "
te	NNS	Behind him , the row of companions lifted their own swords from the ground , coming up behind him to form a wall .
te	NNS	" Don 't play games with me , Claire .
te	NN	He was high maintenance , had an ego the size of Texas , and the body to back it up .
te	NN	Because right now , it didn 't make a lick of sense to her .
te	NNS	Wyatt held five shopping bags already in his hands , full of Miranda 's purchases .
te	NN	Marisa received a text from Jesse Thomas thirty minutes later , telling her to meet him at her bedroom window .
te	NN	But she didn 't allow herself that luxury .
te	NNS	As Janet left the lodge for a stroll and a breath of fresh air , she noted several groups of conferees leaving the dining hall .
te	NN	Do you not think this marvelous , Head Mage ? "
te	NNS	It has towers on each corner .
te	NN	Trevor grabbed the journal and caught up with him .
te	NN	She didn 't wear makeup ; she didn 't need it .
te	NNS	We 've got our thieves , scam artists and drug runners , just like we 've got our CEOs , academics and politicians .
te	NN	I need the next pan of risotto . "
te	NNS	" We are studying careers in English class and I thought what better way to see a successful woman than to watch her up close ?
te	NNS	She threw her yellow plastic gloves into the bathroom and left , making a beeline for the park .
te	NNS	" Not normally , because it was a delusion , " Faye smiled grimly .
te	NNS	She pushed several hangers of clothes to the side and grabbed what she was there for : her well-worn , black leather jacket .
te	NN	They would still need healing , but at least he could bend them a little .
te	NNS	Within seconds the lost shuttle crew had dispatched the vicious creatures with scythes and miner weaponry .
te	NN	Soon muffled cries of alarm and conflict marked his progress through its inner halls .
te	NNS	I ripped open the cupboards .
te	NNS	She dropped her bags and went straight to the kitchen .
te	NNS	Three months is a long time and it would have been even longer without your friendship , " the old lady told the nurses .
te	NNS	He still hates your guts .
te	NNS	He didn 't like these proceedings either .
te	NN	" You found my earring and followed me here to Sequence Springs ? "
te	NN	Her father had printed out a bunch of stuff from the Internet .
te	NN	" He 'll want Cretan aid , if he 's going for Troy .
te	NN	And with this , he sets a mug with a spoon standing in it down on the table .
te	NNS	Mindy 's handling all the Martian satellites , and keeps them pointed at Mark . "
te	NNS	I 'd never made amends with her after our bad parting .
te	NN	A message there , but Gray had always had a sensitivity to the land , being more aware of it than the people around him were .
te	NNS	They 'd gone approximately 150 meters when a tremendous explosion shook the ground and halted the column again .
te	NN	He pushed his h * ps into my abdomen and I groaned into his mouth .
te	NN	Alexei , with the help of another witch , had turned my great-grandmother , Alice , into a demon .
te	NN	said the golem slowly .
te	NN	I , too , would be made a slave .
te	NNS	" You won 't get bullied at school .
te	NNS	This could save us lots of time , Kendra whispered back .
te	NN	Intrigued , I stepped off my stool , rounded the bar , and crossed the room to the window beside Reggie 's chair .
te	NN	Probably just the Forsaken , and they might not even bother us unless we try getting into the upstairs apartment . "
te	NN	Sensing the land through his bare feet , Heart of the People beat the drum , the red blade winking in the sunlight at his waist .
te	NNS	We have received the usual loads .
te	NN	She 'd never missed a delivery .
te	NNS	We have magic users out here too who will sense if you act . "
te	NNS	I didn 't do vacations .
te	NN	" It wouldn 't bruise his overly large ego any , neither would it slice some of it off . "
te	NNS	I rolled up the sleeves to find more of the strange symbols sprawling over my skin .
te	NNS	Nikolas could still hear Brandy 's squeals that morning as they walked through the school gates .
te	NNS	Brick rifled through all his default topics of chit chat .
te	NN	He didn 't take offence , but scowled for effect .
te	NN	He sighs and turns the volume of the movie down .
te	NNS	" He has three hooks on either arm .
te	NN	He tossed the torch back to one of his brothers and then dropped to his knees , gathering Eveline in his arms .
te	NN	" Maybe we could get a free sample .
te	NN	Melissa loved Avery 's quick wit .
te	NNS	He left both short swords behind - they were too recognizable as the weapons of Death Watchmen - and then mounted the beast .
te	NNS	Jay made great spaghetti , and getting in touch with Frank could be time-consuming .
te	NN	Sam threw a punch and hit Riley square in the mouth .
te	NN	His eyes had a strange glint to it .
te	NN	" You lost your client ? "
te	NNS	" It 's starting , " Icarus said grimly .
te	NNS	More Inquisitors block the square 's exits , forcing me to stay put .
te	NNS	' If this rain continues through the night , ' he thought , ' we shall have the beginnings of a little lake by morning . '
te	NNS	" From the clutches of mediocrity . "
te	NN	She 's studying environmental science .
te	NNS	Causing a fuss again ? "
te	NN	She clutched her laptop securely against her chest and turned on her cell phone with one hand , hearing its reassuring beep .
te	NN	If you 'll just step this way , I 'll create your badge so you may just scan through on future visits . "
te	NN	Maybe she 'd taken up crack .
te	NN	For one of the first times since Kelly told him about the affair , he felt compassion for her pain .
te	NNS	Alonzo carried the goods over to the tree and sat beside Sandra .
te	NN	You have a most annoying arrogance about you . "
te	NNS	He 'd rather play video games all day than help out around the house . "
te	NNS	" And add lots of sugar .
te	NNS	Heidi had ordered salads for both of us .
te	NN	Finished with the fries , I licked the salt off my finger as I lifted my gaze .
te	NN	I shut my laptop .
te	NNS	Raine 's family owns several vacation properties at the lake , and Raine handles most of the catering and deliveries .
te	NNS	Thomas cursed the ever-changing winds on the lake .
te	NN	Raphael booked an available support slot in two weeks ' time .
te	NN	He ran the tip of his nose up my cleavage .
te	NN	With that said , I understand the importance of bringing all our resources to bear during this time of crisis .
te	NNS	In all the games he joined in on , it tied his characters together .
te	NNS	An entire weekend would give them lots of time .
te	NN	She handed him a stack of printouts .
te	NNS	Why does the tree have women 's body parts painted on it ? "
te	NN	Her skirt hung slack on her pudgy figure and Jo didn 't want to think of how many layers were under there .
te	NNS	I rest my elbows on the countertop and let my head fall forward as I keep my hand beneath the water .
te	NNS	" I don 't do favors for anyone .
te	NN	You gave us detention , Will . "
te	NN	It hit the sidewalk with a heavy clunk .
te	NNS	He rubbed their backs as he hugged them and flashed his warm smile to calm them .
te	NNS	" One child for each of her humanoid mates at the time . "
te	NNS	I should 've foreseen the possible consequences as clearly as I saw the vulnerability of potential evidence .
te	NN	This morning she 'd opened an envelope with documents showing he 'd put a down payment on the house .
te	NNS	In the top drawer on the right side of the desk , she found a laptop and power cords .
te	NN	He kissed the tip of my nose and gave a playful tug to a strand of my hair .
te	NN	What if I was just buying a shell ? "
te	NN	Nick awaited her opinion with patience .
te	NN	I beat a hasty retreat .
te	NN	She quickly grabbed her sheet and covered herself up and he felt more disappointment .
te	NNS	I see a few flashes of orange between the trees .
te	NN	She tucked the bill away in the drawer reserved for that purpose and looked at the addresses of the others .
te	NN	" They give you a short boost of speed . "
te	NNS	The area warranted locks , armed guards , and laser fields in my opinion .
te	NNS	But don 't think your family fools .
te	NNS	" Oh , Sergio , I know a great many secrets .
te	NN	He kicked the stool out of his way , and it toppled to the floor with a clatter .
te	NNS	He had cried waterfalls of tears .
te	NNS	' They 've been stealing carts all over the place .
te	NN	These days most people prefer the black limo .
te	NNS	Something outside himself , something completely alien , took up the events of this day and the day before and the day before and juggled them .
te	NN	A Cornell education like your grandfather and I had .
te	NNS	" Absolutely " Pulling into his driveway , I remember his guests .
te	NN	Next she debated the age old dilemma of what to wear .
te	NNS	We would face serious consequences .
te	NN	Lynn called the Principal of the school in Wiggins from my phone .
te	NNS	He gave both of us air kisses and hugs , and we said our goodbyes .
te	NN	Hermione snatched the notebook from Boomer 's grip and handed it over to me .
te	NNS	I paid my respects from a healthy distance .
te	NNS	His predecessors took pains to hide it before death took him , so only the next incarnation of himself would be able to find it .
te	NNS	Giants have destroyed whole communities without , even , being aware of it . "
te	NNS	Pulling the top over her head , she buttoned the two buttons near the neck and then slipped the jeans on .
te	NNS	We have seven oceanfront properties , all here in Daytona Beach .
te	NNS	His fingers brushed the dark smudges along her swollen throat , and he turned a murderous gaze on Mikhail .
te	NN	She pulled out a large manila envelope and dropped it onto his desk .
te	NN	On the table next to him lay a ticket on the eight a.m. ferry to Rotterdam .
te	NNS	He was sure he was the father , but said if he didn 't hear back from me he would respect my wishes and leave me alone .
te	NNS	He faced further security checks , his ID inspected , briefcase x-rayed and he was searched for weapons .
te	NN	They laid the wooden shell into the deep pit as Catalina sobbed and Claudio held her .
te	NNS	All of the gauges are showing normal readings .
te	NN	The Regulator said no luggage of clothes . "
te	NN	She understood complex behavior to be the result of complex intelligence .
te	NN	She dropped the Guardian shield and turned to their two wounded friends .
te	NNS	Otherwise I had great misgivings about the matter .
te	NN	I also got a lecture of epic proportions from Trish about respecting women .
te	NNS	Guard Rooney said grimly .
te	NNS	Afterward , we wrapped his stumps , covered him in newly washed blankets , and stoked the fire .
te	NN	Thankfully , the Indian hadn 't stirred , else he 'd have rolled off the bookcase and splattered himself on the floor .
te	NNS	The fur tickled the backs of her legs peeking out of the oversized T-shirt she 'd borrowed from him .
te	NNS	Fidel , as a member of an unknown species , presented unique characteristics that set him apart from humans and animals .
te	NNS	At the sound of Reyes 's voice , she blinked open her eyelids .
te	NNS	When their eyes scanned over my black attire , my wild red hair , my oddly casual smile , I saw the flickers of suspicion ignite .
te	NNS	She had taken the pills and dumped them into her pocket , flushed the toilet and went back out to the kitchen .
te	NNS	No point in makin ' a fuss at all . "
te	NN	He found this ' struggle ' equally challenging and complex as saving a handful of people from a world full of undead .
te	NN	" You 're cutting off the circulation to my hand .
te	NNS	" I 've some bulbs we can plant , and there are always weeds to pull . "
te	NN	Then , suddenly , I felt my magic sync up perfectly with Jasmine 's .
te	NNS	" We 're doing some background checks .
te	NN	" He once set his mustache on fire in a bar with a flaming Dr. Pepper drink . "
te	NNS	Leaning closer , I scattered butterfly kisses on his forehead , his nose , his lips .
te	NN	Why don 't you voice your opinion on the ' what should we do next ' issue ? "
te	NN	They gently set a lush green salad in front of everyone and Linda seemed pleased .
te	NNS	Arkansas soon joined the other states in closing the Mississippi .
te	NN	Marked bills ring a bell ? "
te	NNS	You know these creatures ? "
te	NNS	But I cannot keep my secrets if the cost is the young woman before me .
te	NN	I grabbed the walkie-talkie that I had kept on the ledge and hit the talk button .
te	NN	She pictured her sister crouched at the window , not seeing inside anymore , but still listening .
te	NN	He could hear his heartbeat thumping inside his chest .
te	NNS	All touch their belts to indicate their victories .
te	NNS	" You 've been scratching the roots of my lads . "
te	NNS	" You 've got guts , Matthew James . "
te	NN	Brandon grabbed a washcloth and started bathing me .
te	NNS	Mercer had pulled strings and gotten Rachel and Dylan access to Chris Harris .
te	NN	He didn 't want his company 's asset sailing off to islands unknown .
te	NNS	" We have no secrets , you idiot . "
te	NN	They were investigating the event as a vehicular homicide and not an accident .
te	NNS	Father and son collected the suitcases from the baggage carousel , while Annie sought out the driver Grant had arranged .
te	NN	My Quaker education also created a bond , since he too was a Quaker , though they had disowned him for becoming a soldier .
te	NNS	To the best of his knowledge , he had 13 grandchildren , most of who were already working , with more than half of them abroad .
te	NNS	I was keeping my financial records on it .
te	NNS	She scanned the rows of crates , the shelves along the back wall , but the warehouse stood still and silent .
te	NN	Why don 't you wear that new Spitalfields silk ? "
te	NN	Nearer the business district .
te	NNS	If anyone tries to touch them or tries to make them touch body parts - " " They shield and holler for one of us . "
te	NNS	The other bed still had sheets on it , so I hopped up and pulled them off .
te	NN	" I don 't have a driver 's license .
te	NN	They 'd injected medicine into me , but I never considered the fact that they might have been using me for a different purpose .
te	NN	His office enforced that menace , with dark wood and the occasional blood-red accent .
te	NN	Since neither of us was thinking of hitting the gym that day , we purchased some clothing and hurried to get changed .
te	NN	Yes , I really want your opinion . "
te	NN	But at this , she almost felt a slight tinge of excitement .
te	NNS	I 'd respect your wishes . "
te	NN	That Martha had committed suicide .
te	NN	I couldn 't just accept the notion that suddenly all his concerns had flown out the window .
te	NNS	" Mads 's dad is putting all kinds of pressure on Thayer to get caught up in school .
te	NNS	Vel could probably hit two buttons and get the door to open .
te	NN	" I 'm not sharing my secret recipe .
te	NN	If you want to know who attacked you , check that account . "
te	NNS	I had lots of practice since all this started .
te	NN	I got a raise . "
te	NNS	Warehouse purchases , missing person reports , human profiles , burned buildings , money transfers .
te	NN	The baron finished his third portion .
te	NN	Gumshoe kicked the android aside , and looked at the helm .
te	NN	" Not if we drag the canopy away right after the explosion .
te	NN	She cleared the auditorium and promised to have a decision in half an hour .
te	NNS	He had scars on his face and arms , which were still visible under his tattoos .
te	NNS	He still hates your guts .
te	NNS	Did you see the posters they put up ?
te	NN	I jumped over a pipe , stepped around a standing electrical box , and ducked down .
te	NNS	They 'd arranged two other companies , one positioned near the north gate and one nearer the south .
te	NNS	" We 're just addressing some security concerns .
te	NNS	She 'd better wake up and remember to unlock my door tonight , he thought grimly .
te	NN	I have quite often felt regret at not joining the force on my release from the Military Police .
te	NNS	Mays and Dietz guarded their flanks and Vaughn watched their six .
te	NN	I give a series of harsh knocks and ring the doorbell in triplicate before Marshall lets me in .
te	NN	Reaching under his shirt , he lifted an ornate golden chain from around his neck .
te	NNS	I feel shocks of energy bursting through me , throwing me against walls .
te	NNS	" And they still have all their parts .
te	NN	I carefully picked up the beautiful sandwich and tried it .
te	NN	She 'd probably missed luncheon .
te	NNS	A chain connects the shackles on our legs to our arms making it difficult to move very much .
te	NN	" I seek a gateway .
te	NN	I had no clue .
te	NN	" How about I show you his drinking stool and we retire for the day ? "
te	NNS	I 've been damaged goods for most of my life .
te	NNS	I could literally see the gears turning in his head .
te	NN	Her heart did a curious melting as her stomach flipped and her womb clenched .
te	NNS	" And I 'll disown you before I kick your - " " Boys , that 's enough . "
te	NNS	The front door to the house fell off its hinges and broke against the porch .
te	NN	She turned her swaying into a bend to pick up a hand-woven silk brocade pillow , her tremors into interest over its intricate patterns .
te	NNS	" More like different planet aliens . "
te	NN	She clutched the satchel and forced her fingers to still from their trembling .
te	NNS	She tapped a few buttons on her phone and started dialing .
te	NN	Despite being in Iraq for the past six months , I had a weak grasp on the language .
te	NN	Your life , built upon sand , will lack a stable foundation to help you weather the inevitable storms of misfortune and undeserved opportunity , alike .
te	NN	His commanders surrounded the carriage , protecting him from the ground soldiers .
te	NNS	" Hear us , great Goddess ! "
te	NNS	I press my fingertips to my nose and shake my head because I can 't look at him when I say it again .
te	NNS	I viewed my battle scars as nothing more than a badge of honor .
te	NNS	" Why are you guys making such a big fuss about this ? "
te	NN	" I just want my mother 's diamond earring . "
te	NN	" Just keep swimming , just keep swimming ... " Somehow she managed to maintain her composure and shook her head again , confused .
te	NN	It required not only every muscle , but an incredible concentration at all times .
te	NN	Kate spun her laptop around so he could see her screen .
te	NN	He pointed out his portion ; it was the section at the back of the tent .
te	NNS	To do otherwise would only increase the concerns of the Assembly and contradict your offer yesterday to appear before the Assembly when invited to discuss your condition .
te	NNS	" I 've got long sleeves and the jacket .
te	NN	Ignoring his broken , bleeding nose , he stuck the syringe into the ampoule to draw out the drug .
te	NN	" I won 't throw a banana peel under you .
te	NN	She didn 't have any clothing other than her wet swimsuit .
te	NN	He pulled back the tent flap a couple minutes later and looked at me in surprise .
te	NN	She spread fresh straw over the floor , changed the water in the bucket , and took the rags into the back room .
te	NN	" I 'm not having that crazy ho around my brother . "
te	NN	I could feel Javier 's posture snapping .
te	NNS	" And I don 't want that Romany anywhere near my horses , " Pierson said loudly .
te	NN	" Logan Martelli , I wish you would get that chip off of your shoulder . "
te	NNS	Squeeze and press , close quarters ! "
te	NN	By disposing of kills where criminals rule , it guarantees secrecy , as they work to avoid police at all costs . "
te	NNS	" Do you normally accept invitations to strange places with no idea why you 're going ? "
te	NNS	Making big decisions , and then moving into a new phase of your life ?
te	NN	She still wanted this adventure with him , and had tried to pull strings herself to get it , deliberately sexing up her appearance .
te	NN	He wore a heavy cloak over his back .
te	NNS	I 'll go peck at their eyes to distract them and you make a run for it !
te	NN	I had a normal childhood , or as normal as you can get being an Army brat and a werewolf .
te	NNS	she shouted loudly and stamped her foot to try to scare it off .
te	NNS	The bright light of the morning , bathed the oasis in a warm golden light , the warriors were adjusting saddles and sharpening axes .
te	NNS	I noticed photos in his hand and eased them out , but all the heads had been torn off .
te	NN	His appearance drew another gasp .
te	NNS	I examined the creatures .
te	NN	Those fools , fools , putrid maggots , they always do his bidding .
te	NN	Rachel felt a sudden uneasiness .
te	NN	Now maybe I can finally bury the hatchet with the other girl you stole from me . "
te	NN	Alaina felt the Pull towards whoever it was , like she felt to the prophet slave boy .
te	NN	I pick up an apple from a bowl on the table and scrunch my nose at the brown spots on it .
te	NN	He had a familiar reddish mark on his wrist .
te	NN	When he didn 't respond , I whirled , the bow still in my hands .
te	NNS	He checked admission records .
te	NNS	" I didn 't want the locals catching sight of me .
te	NN	He was frowning and smoothing his mustache , trying to assess how the stranger suddenly appeared in his back yard .
te	NN	" Put all that aside , kiddo .
te	NN	I 've also got approval for all his calls to be monitored .
te	NNS	A voice like a lightning strike echoes from a nearby room .
te	NN	Would she make a better leader ?
te	NNS	Beer cans , cigarette butts , empty plastic bags - the usual stuff .
te	NNS	The priest continued , " MacDonald uses microsurgery to remove the nucleus from a body cell and then isolates the DNA code .
te	NNS	She has new scars and she 's older , taller , curvier .
te	NN	She couldn 't get a pulse .
te	NNS	In the end , we find seven late season lambs .
te	NNS	The gravitational force caused the projectiles to bend back into it , protecting Terry .
te	NNS	She had spent nearly three decades loving a country without ever feeling it loved her back .
te	NNS	However , a glance at her eyes brought his doe-eyed wishes to an end ; her harsh expression unmistakable .
te	NNS	" Sun flares have ravaged many parts of the earth .
te	NNS	Chase finished the introductions , clenching his jaw , obviously not happy .
te	NN	His robot bodies couldn 't do subtlety .
te	NNS	She could now picture her own belongings filling up the spaces .
te	NNS	The girls still wore sleeveless club tanks and dresses , and I shook my head at every woman who walked in shivering .
te	NNS	" The half acre cavern will require one hundred pounds of silver to cover the walls , ceiling , and floor .
te	NNS	' He makes some interesting cough sweets , though .
te	NNS	We ordered four pizzas for the whole team and I couldn 't help but think that Owen could probably finish them all off by himself .
te	NNS	" Did you ever see the grounds of the Imperial Palace ? "
te	NNS	Luckily for her , she didn 't have many possessions .
te	NN	Chad yelled , punching me in the jaw so hard I felt bone crack .
te	NN	Kat snatched her shield back up , opening her nest again , allowing the first one to shoot inside .
te	NNS	Protection , maybe a defensive campaign - right now I 'm not making any decisions . '
te	NNS	Her tongue licked her chops with nervous energy .
te	NNS	Then I only remember flashes .
te	NNS	And we can use the results , too .
te	NNS	The sensation was causing the wetness between my legs to grow as I squirmed .
te	NN	Christian 's father inherited the title in 1826 , after having " distinguished himself by great gallantry in the Royal Navy " during the war of 1812 .
te	NN	" I believe you threw it at me , " he informed her helpfully .
te	NNS	" And if you 're checking out my ass , these snow pants add thirty pounds . "
te	NN	Rebecca ordered an individual thin crust chicken and garlic pizza .
te	NN	For months she had video streaming from Morganville without anyone suspecting it .
te	NNS	" Reliving old wounds . "
te	NNS	The old man 's face quickly lost its excited expressions and remembered the gloom he had pondered on for so long .
te	NNS	The card impressed Hoppy enough to shoo off the last of the lingering sales associates , and lock his office door .
te	NNS	" Yeah ... cool , " I replied grimly .
te	NN	Like they were having some sport with us or something .
te	NNS	" Do you have any young nieces and nephews for her to corrupt ?
te	NNS	Brooke had the twenty gallons in the shed .
te	NNS	" She doesn 't do relationships with pilots . "
te	NNS	They all look at me ... little glances .
te	NNS	He was standing motionless , but she could feel the tension radiating from him .
te	NNS	The bacon sizzled loudly .
te	NN	You want an X-ray ? "
te	NN	Someone wanted a bunch of contracts destroyed and they wanted me to do it .
te	NNS	Both shot furtive glances at Hadley 's closed bedroom door .
te	NNS	" Put down those video games and come eat your damn food ! "
te	NN	" Call the temp agency and tell them you quit .
te	NN	" You get your tail over there right now .
te	NN	He 'd mostly gotten the hand tremor under control , but when it returned , it meant he was wearing himself too thin .
te	NN	" Have mercy , bellissima .
te	NN	You 'll find a wide variety in our firm .
te	NN	I grabbed her h * ps again and pumped into her hard , once , twice , absorbing her cries of ecstasy with profound satisfaction .
te	NN	The man was so large , she was already calling him The Giant in her head .
te	NN	She looked the blonde bombshell over repeatedly and at Tim 's smiling face .
te	NNS	Hannah floated to the left again , her eyes boring holes in the thickly falling snow as she tried to see around the next bend .
te	NN	I 've never had a better roommate .
te	NNS	He replayed the evening 's events in his mind .
te	NNS	I see about three locations where y ' might want me t ' build yer manor house .
te	NNS	I don 't like these new-fangled gadgets .
te	NNS	Theron grabbed Iris by the arm , squeezing enough to her hurt her as she struggled .
te	NN	News of what he 'd just said would reach the populace , and bring them strength .
te	NNS	I 've inherited lots of great features from my father such as wisdom , bravery , pointy ears , blue eyes , brains ... . "
te	NNS	None of Durin 's race would mine those caves for stones or ore , not if diamonds and gold could be got there .
te	NN	He looked a little dazed .
te	NNS	Even during the worst times in history , a good man keeps his values while a bad man gets worse and worse .
te	NN	So you mean no more jamming in the music room or pillow fights in the living room or running through the sprinklers ? "
te	NN	" I haven 't got a clue how to read this map . "
te	NNS	The two small , forward motion ion thrusters -- the first thruster Ryan 's team had made -- used minimum amounts of xenon gas .
te	NNS	" And the guards have their guns .
te	NN	A new Council member gained access to Belts Control for the first time .
te	NNS	Broken , bleeding blisters covered Maynard 's elbows where Thad had gripped them .
te	NNS	A quick peek in the back revealed two bedrooms and a bathroom .
te	NNS	She would need several dresses , her cosmetics , more than one pair of shoes in case she broke another pair ... .
te	NNS	Nikolas could make out five passageways reaching away from one another like outstretched fingers .
te	NN	She heard Alex 's deep chuckle but didn 't dare open her eyes .
te	NN	" Why don 't you cut the poor agent some slack , Colorado ?
te	NNS	The company discussed the topics and debated the methods before breaking into diligent action .
te	NN	He noticed her blushing .
te	NN	I should open up my own touring agency . "
te	NN	" Yeah , well , I like meat . "
te	NN	I don 't have a. . . "
te	NNS	Allan had charts spread out on the table .
te	NN	You 've seen the shops downtown , with the crystals and the books and all that stuff ? "
te	NN	" To get their supper . "
te	NN	But since nothing on the board had moved , she shifted her pawn forward two steps .
te	NN	He continued the ascent , muttering as he stomped .
te	NNS	That thought lit off flashes all over Grace 's body .
te	NNS	A moment later , Tristan laughed loudly .
te	NNS	The trucks could swap a lot of their parts , they would have interchangeable parts .
te	NN	She held the doll to her ear as if the doll were talking to her .
te	NNS	Naya had the closing files from an asset purchase agreement from 2007 .
te	NNS	It had specks of blood on it .
te	NNS	What do you think you are , vigilante killers ?
te	NN	I heard Petra mumble , shuffling to the intercom .
te	NN	But why does he need all this firepower ?
te	NNS	When I was in Albuquerque they would set piles on fire .
te	NNS	" I know your secrets . "
te	NN	Noah 's arched left brow mirrored the crooked slant of his grin .
te	NNS	Does he slake your affections ? "
te	NNS	Even with Enrique standing in the doorway , I could see beautiful , expensive furnishings .
te	NN	She completed the communication and then mumbled .
te	NN	Moby wiggled his tail before getting to his feet .
te	NN	Additionally , he frequently overheard Señor Ortega abuse and threaten his wife . "
te	NNS	No ropes tied these corners together .
te	NNS	The fox followed the headlights away from the road , and Jeff could do nothing but trail behind .
te	NN	Scorched earth policy all the way . "
te	NN	He 'd take out the alpha .
te	NNS	She found the rolling earthen hills of the north in his eyes .
te	NN	That stress needed an outlet , though , and Neil was the most convenient target .
te	NN	" Did I damage their property ? "
te	NN	Looking at each other their smiles reflect their total commitment , bonding their hearts together as one .
te	NNS	How many rebels did you slay ? "
te	NN	" Yes , and wealth I have from my father 's ever-increasing generosity and affection , abundantly in private , and in the presence of others . "
te	NNS	So she sent me some photos of him . "
te	NNS	" Burning up the video games , no doubt . "
te	NNS	The door to the lab slides open and Aria strides in confidently .
te	NNS	We have only seen the normal infected corpses in the mountains until the mill . "
te	NN	Jack had got a text on his phone with a picture of little Vesper : One million by midnight .
te	NNS	Suddenly going out with a guy we hardly knew would not meet either Alchemist or guardian protocols for safety .
te	NNS	This should more than cover cleanup costs . "
te	NN	Mary , Ken and Ed added their encouragement .
te	NN	She renewed her struggle with the chains .
te	NN	But as you can guess , I will be doing exhaustive research on that very topic . "
te	NN	" I was just doing a little research into a company I was considering putting some money into ... " " Really ?
te	NN	I fingered the envelope in my pocket ; uncertain whether or not I should give it to her .
te	NNS	With a quick swipe of his thumb and index finger , he closed Becka 's eyelids .
te	NN	The suspicious TED watched Beth curiously , a look of mild disbelief on his face .
te	NN	Such a foreign concept to me , and I 'm not even sure how to respond .
te	NNS	" You know , those kinds where the plates float around . "
te	NN	How did one get that skeletal , that savage ?
te	NN	Then , and most importantly , it directs the program to destroy itself .
te	NN	" I told you , " he says , " about the importance of the caddy .
te	NNS	The two body guards by his side salute him , blank expressions on their faces .
te	NN	Unfortunately , as he looked over his shoulder at the illuminated ship , Corky could see the chopper still hovering there , as if undecided .
te	NN	" I have a roommate and I know how to dial 911 . "
te	NN	But he enjoys the mystery and feeling of relief he experiences when finally stumbling upon the ' secret entrance . '
te	NNS	Kylie recalled Hannah saying that it could have been Blake who killed her .
te	NNS	He said his goodbyes and hung up .
te	NNS	I 'd blocked all his usual exits because Jerry had recommended George use the litter box until late the next day .
te	NN	Morton donned a glove , and picked up the weapon gingerly .
te	NNS	But he wouldn 't be initiating the proceedings Nicole expected .
te	NNS	He caught glimpses of her body , white porcelain , marred now by several bullets tearing into her flesh .
te	NN	In the light spilling through the partially open doorway , she studied the miracle in her arms .
te	NN	I marched past Meg , out of the house and directly into the car .
te	NNS	The arch of steel climbed a hundred meters overhead and was two and a half times as wide .
te	NNS	" He took their wills , their choices , away from them .
te	NNS	That narrows the possibilities , and I can rule out the usual suspects .
te	NNS	I cannot undo my mistakes from when I was a child .
te	NN	Bernard had the good grace to leave the room , using the excuse that he had some business calls to make .
te	NNS	Glass popped and cracked inside the burning building as further explosions shook its foundations .
te	NN	Instead I find a single arrow made out of small rocks .
te	NN	Brennan 's phone sounded an alarm .
te	NN	It stopped parallel to her house , turned to the right and pulled into the end of the driveway .
te	NNS	He removed two jars .
te	NNS	" Mmm , well at least my findings don 't contradict your theories and circumstantial hearsay evidence .
te	NNS	Fin and Cabal have their own sleeping bags in other corners of the room .
te	NNS	It had built-in bookshelves , a marble mantel as impressive as the one in the parlor , and a large desk set in front of high windows .
te	NN	I , too , was making a small sacrifice . '
te	NN	The other entrances from the village have quick access to other areas like storage . "
te	NN	Together Nick and I rose up the ladder of passion , higher and higher , until we climaxed at the same time .
te	NNS	" These weren 't undead zombies ... at least not all of them .
te	NN	I loosen my bow and stow it .
te	NN	Merlin called down the aisle .
te	NN	She hadn 't answered his last text yet .
te	NNS	" If we stray too far apart the asteroids will block our communications . "
te	NN	How about shag dancing ? "
te	NNS	Vampire or not , I have no delusions of ever winning a fight with you .
te	NNS	" Undercover agents ? "
te	NN	I had gathered a heap of books and paper from the library , along with a range of stationery .
te	NNS	I heard the tires on the gravel drive .
te	NN	We hit the slope , sending a loose sheet of rock sliding forward .
te	NN	He flipped the lever again and reclined with his arms locked around her sweetness .
te	NNS	The End Historical Background The events related in The Good Knight are , amazingly enough , based on historical fact .
te	NNS	Burnett quickly closed a few files that were on the desk and then leaned back in Holiday 's chair .
te	NNS	But once again , the man pressed more buttons on that damn device and a portal appeared .
te	NNS	These people have guns . "
te	NN	Let 's have an adventure ! "
te	NN	Elves formed the majority of the circle .
te	NNS	You mean pillage other nations ? "
te	NN	She unzipped a little dissection kit and laid it open .
te	NN	Until I 'm looking at his chest , smelling his aftershave .
te	NN	She formed a seal around the skin and suckled .
te	NN	He opened a bank account and deposited the funds .
te	NNS	In addition to this the reaction with the root enhanced the properties of the finished compound .
te	NN	Alessa then had the luxury of retiring to her tent and breaking down .
te	NNS	If it goes out of business I won 't be violating any laws if we buy out the property . "
te	NNS	Winkler had even sent photos through his cell .
te	NN	" Deborah had shot a professor who was not in their list . "
te	NNS	" Uh ... " " Set , " shouts Brat eagerly .
te	NNS	A death in a high school typically stirred up quite a ruckus and sometimes even media attention .
te	NNS	I had three stakes on my person , along with a knife and a curious old weapon called a mace .
te	NNS	You and Joe collect the wives .
te	NNS	" I can set your sheets on fire . "
te	NNS	One sat a few tables across from the hunters and kept hunched over his plate as if protecting his meal from attackers .
te	NNS	She curled her toes , trying to pull herself together .
te	NNS	" But not usually lead singers .
te	NN	She inhaled the fragrant steam .
te	NN	" We have a good breeding program .
te	NN	The sight made her queasy .
te	NNS	I could see my dead relatives observing from the church windows .
te	NN	Spreading his hands , backing away , Errol create a puff of smoke and a blazing shower of sparks .
te	NNS	Tears pricked the backs of my eyes as I held her close , inhaling her unconditional love .
te	NNS	A strong wind created ripples in the water , and then , before my eyes , the water dried up .
te	NN	Madison missed the exchange and said , " I 'd like that .
te	NN	" Did she acquire any polish ? "
te	NN	He would not be needing any hair gel today .
te	NN	Ted rewound the footage .
te	NNS	" Looks like energy shielding .
te	NN	It would only complicate an already extremely complicated project .
te	NNS	Jax attempted several different dissuading facial expressions , then gave up and pulled the bottle out of its hiding place .
te	NNS	For acceleration through the tunnels , I would use both tugs ' thrusters . "
te	NNS	At the boarding ramp , the representative of the agency , flushed , ticked the tourists who came on board .
te	NN	He murmured hoarse praise , clutching her close , beginning to move .
te	NNS	" I 've made a few guesses .
te	NN	I had done my research last night and found the best pet store in the city .
te	NN	I had a professor at M.I.T. who was the same way .
te	NN	It may mean counseling for you , for us both .
te	NNS	He laid motionless , hoping and praying silently .
te	NN	That she may have a strange ability only solidifies my belief that she is Bait , exactly like the voice you heard in your head today .
te	NN	Someone shouted " Go , " we 'd all scramble through the woods or into the abandoned house , then hunt each other down .
te	NNS	They beautifully picked up symbols and metaphors from nature to elaborate and substantiate their ideas .
te	NNS	I tossed the sheets out .
te	NN	The solipsistic artist cannot really call himself an artist .
te	NN	They were playing poker , something she 'd suggested they do .
te	NNS	You 'll have two eager guests . '
te	NNS	I would rather you turn away a half-dozen suitable prospects than to allow one clinker to get in .
te	NN	She dropped the milk chocolate pecan turtle into his mouth and watched as he chewed and groaned as the chocolate hit his taste buds .
te	NNS	So I toured the grounds .
te	NNS	I don 't have guests as often as I 'd like these days .
te	NNS	The surgeons worked off photos to re-build my face , and it is incredible how well they have done .
te	NN	" Even I cant hit the target from so far back . "
te	NNS	She hadn 't expected the rumors .
te	NN	The smile on his face eliminated the sting of his words .
te	NN	Cursing , he read the return text .
te	NN	What do we need a housekeeper for ?
te	NNS	But she wasn 't making any commitments .
te	NN	He nodded and put down the handset .
te	NN	Or a chicken , or a fish , or whatever other creature we 've been stuffing down our maw for the past thousand years or so .
te	NNS	To fully come into my power here , I must seal the borders between our world and this one .
te	NN	I don 't share her fascination in native culture so much , but I do find the southwestern tribes ' architecture interesting .
te	NNS	I don 't do flings . "
te	NN	He took no insult .
te	NNS	She stripped the linens from her bed and wadded them into her hand .
te	NNS	He is exhibiting the early flu-like symptoms that generally precede the more severe effects of full-blown infection .
te	NNS	Beyond the physical , in what some would call the energetic realms .
te	NNS	My father has had many , many wives .
te	NNS	" You 'll see copies of his investments , holdings , bank statement .
te	NNS	She 's probably made cookies .
te	NN	When everything was inside , he paid the fare , with a large tip for the assistance .
te	NN	Spoke very few words , gave McBride 's address .
te	NN	You need an adult chaperone . "
te	NNS	" My business concerns the same four decades you reference . "
te	NN	Paul Morris walked down the center aisle , pausing now and again to tuck a hymn book in the proper receptacle .
te	NNS	She put up a fuss but ended up hitting homers .
te	NN	" What client would that be ? "
te	NN	The guard gave him a mean squint .
te	NNS	Inferno hissed loudly and turned to face Morris , the driver of First Sergeant King 's crippled DEMON .
te	NN	Emma tilted the telescope to the big , full moon .
te	NNS	We said our goodbyes and left the building through the back door .
te	NN	I lift my h * ps so that Knox can remove my panties but he presses them back down to the bed .
te	NN	Today she wore a heavy fisherman 's sweater that was the same color green as her eyes behind her silver glasses .
te	NN	She shut her locker and then started on the bags on the floor .
te	NNS	It led modern philosophical attitudes to science up an irrational path .
te	NNS	An older woman approached and looked over the goods .
te	NNS	You drop your guns out the window , maybe I don 't kill you right away . "
te	NN	She hadn 't gotten a single text about this , which meant she 'd beaten A at A 's game .
te	NNS	" When you open your eyes you will find objects to perceive .
te	NN	Mr. Charles Roman had an expensive lifestyle and this might have been his undoing .
te	NNS	I think the other grown-ups and I 'll be talking for quite some time about things that don 't really concern you children . "
te	NN	But let 's face it , " he leaned forward and nudged me , " they get the easy part in the house everyday . "
te	NN	Daniel rewinds the sequence a little further and turns up the sound .
te	NNS	" Please , I want all traces of this ... scene gone .
te	NNS	If you intend to break in , please don 't take my china pigs .
te	NN	Love put a mug to his lips .
te	NN	The officer turned off the spotlight and approached Pigeon holding a bright flashlight , one hand near the gun at his waist .
te	NN	How she 'd found a career for herself .
te	NN	To providing a refuge from the dangers of the world ?
te	NN	" I 'll design more art to go around it later , and you can just get regular ink to embellish it . "
te	NNS	Dear heavens , she had shared dinner with him , laughed with him , played games with him ... shared passion with him .
te	NNS	He ignored the locals and went straight to the bar .
te	NN	" They don 't call me a computer genius for no reason .
te	NN	He withdrew a shiny conch shell from behind his back .
te	NNS	I was making strides to do things different , to break preexisting patterns .
te	NN	We 'll just finish our grid maintenance on foot and then walk back after . "
te	NNS	He makes all the decisions like that . "
te	NNS	Who would he share his secrets with when she was gone ?
te	NN	I can hear the tinge of disbelief in his voice .
te	NNS	In other words , we have certain characteristics in our brain waves that allow our thoughts to affect probability .
te	NNS	Signor Beppe had some e-mails to read that he had printed earlier that day .
te	NN	She didn 't typically wear much makeup , but she had done herself up tonight .
te	NNS	Slowly , I rested my elbows on the table , cupped my face in my hands , and raised my gaze .
te	NNS	Satisfied it contained no threats he motioned for Jill to follow him into Joey 's office .
te	NN	" I 've got a thunderous headache from all translating work I 've done in the last two days .
te	NNS	I swallowed the eggs as quickly as I could , barely tasting them , until my stomach was sated .
te	NN	I buried the tip of my gun into its brain , not once , but twice .
te	NN	Kai added more than enough milk to his , hesitating before he asked , " Did you mean that ? "
te	NN	Simply by using thought over the Internet , one can control the outcome of the game .
te	NN	" We could make another campfire and have sticks nearby to set on fire and use as weapons .
te	NN	Her mother had already placed a scarf on her daughter 's head , each serving as a mirror for the other .
te	NN	He pulled out a razor chain and skillfully flung the weapon at her .
te	NNS	" Yeah , but those things shoot straight up , " Ellis said , " We need the corpses to go away from here . "
te	NN	The second ' now ' triggered their toss .
te	NN	Every conversation involves a yacht , a ski lodge , or a vacation home in the Hamptons .
te	NNS	Or was Tobermory one of those furry little creatures who clear away the rubbish on Wimbledon Common ?
te	NNS	Along the back wall , they 'd set up a wooden dais .
te	NNS	Gray spotted the fortress ahead , lit up in the night like a granite prison , rising from a cleared field and ringed by fences .
te	NNS	By tomorrow morning , I want your communities to elect delegates and notify me of their names .
te	NN	I could see a lane leading down from the farm to a road that went right along the side of the beach .
te	NN	We have had a spy among them since the beginning . "
te	NNS	Deck crewmen in tethered pressure suits pulling power cables , guiding the fighters into the ramps , setting the catapults .
te	NN	I had no clue what he was talking about .
te	NNS	She only wore her panties and he 'd shoved those to the side so he could play with her and stroke her all he wanted .
te	NN	As a matter of fact , Wye has a famous zoo , probably the best on the planet after the Imperial Zoo itself . "
te	NN	After a few minutes , he handed her the milk .
te	NNS	She exchanged seats in each class to sit next to him . "
te	NN	The stranger proffered suitably polite praise for her modest efforts .
te	NN	He used the last ounce of strength to pull himself up .
te	NNS	Jaime cleared three tables and pushed them together .
te	NNS	He wore neatly pressed khakis and a blue button-up shirt .
te	NN	He took a swig of his beer .
te	NNS	Smell the gloves Patrick 's second was wearing . "
te	NN	She clicked a long tip on the end of the barrel and wrapped a finger around the trigger .
te	NNS	Biting my lip , I considered my options , then I took the plunge .
te	NN	Ben studied the television , where the other kid was playing some kind of violent video game .
te	NN	" Why would she share the name Silver with that of my rival ?
te	NNS	One that had kept him up at night when he 'd made his own suggestions to help further things along .
te	NNS	His bare back was uncovered , the sheets drawn up to his waist , his long legs tangled in them in the middle of the bed .
te	NN	Not that I could do much preparation with such limited means .
te	NNS	He watched the ripples of the stone grazing the water .
te	NN	He understood Auron 's desperation , yet he could not allow his student to possess the crimson jewel .
te	NN	She will make a fair exchange without doing anything underhanded . "
te	NNS	Brannigan 's makes superior products and that 's going to cost a little more . "
te	NNS	We can make a few more kilometers before they discover us .
te	NNS	The stones contain ashes from thousands of burned Rosary holy men from one of the many wars the two nations have fought against each other .
te	NNS	' I will keep her safe your Highness .
te	NN	I could practically hear Barbara 's brain whirring as she leaned in curiously .
te	NN	In other words , she was taking a nap .
te	NN	At this point I received a text from Nori , asking if I could let him in .
te	NNS	They described inanimate objects that could walk that they used as workers .
te	NN	" play out this fantasy ? "
te	NNS	' I got the tickets ! '
te	NNS	' I don 't like guns . '
te	NNS	When the pilot brought the balloon to a nice cruising height , Nick and Rena could see patches of fields , trees , and homes below .
te	NN	Pastor stepped off the platform and wrinkles appeared on his bald head as he smiled .
te	NNS	On a bed halfway down the left hand row a half dressed person snored loudly .
te	NNS	Maybe they really are helping those savages .
te	NNS	We 'll price hot tubs while we 're in Seattle , maybe even buy one .
te	NNS	Maybe it was just as well given the emails that were circulating .
te	NN	She tried another tactic .
te	NN	I picked up a hamburger and drink at a drive-through .
te	NN	" I thought nerve gas ... " " You 're right .
te	NN	Karen had no awareness of walking through the house to David 's room .
te	NNS	Another Renaissance meal was concluded , bones and all .
te	NN	Usually , Clay threw a single punch that broke the old man 's jaw .
te	NNS	The sheriff ordered a hundred swords from my father and then wouldn 't pay the price for them .
te	NN	It cost my mother a nickel .
te	NN	" The town has an unofficial patron saint who Daddy was going to study .
te	NN	Maggie parked the bumpy driveway and made her way up the narrow walkway to knock on the door .
te	NN	" I might call you a creeper . "
te	NN	' And you 're using this trick to pay the men ? '
te	NN	Taylor drove the tractor past wide-eyed farm workers and family members close to the fallen tree where Turner was trapped .
te	NN	" We received an anonymous tip that Miss Hastings framed another girl for drug possession last summer . "
te	NNS	You hate birthdays ? "
te	NNS	" Then make amends with your boyfriend .
te	NNS	Eddie and I exchanged brief glances across the arena at that .
te	NNS	A search for those things had yielded no results while I explored my little cave .
te	NNS	The next house had four bedrooms , which I liked , and a poky kitchen with no storage room , which I didn 't .
te	NNS	I saw those mangled limbs again ; wasted bodies contorted in the final struggle , faces smeared with blood .
te	NN	His nasty eye was dripping yellow fluid all down his face .
te	NN	" Don 't threaten the lad !
te	NNS	Have they sent trackers after you before ? "
te	NNS	The two exchanged startled glances , and both men eyed " Elijah " warily , on the verge of objecting .
te	NN	She lowered the bow .
te	NNS	I handed him both lists , which he laid face down in the briefcase .
te	NN	Nate pulled the lever .
te	NNS	She did not accept my condolences , instead silently moving to a bench on the other side of the aisle .
te	NNS	After all , doesn 't " time heal all wounds ? "
te	NN	Islands dotted the vast expanse .
te	NNS	Who can overhear lords and ladies talking while being completely invisible in front of your pompous nose . "
te	NNS	I dreaded the groups when we had to talk about our parents in a more positive way .
te	NN	They would never see another sunrise .
te	NN	" How about spaghetti , garlic bread , and grapes -- from Atlantis ? "
te	NN	We haven 't covered unit conversion yet in algebra .
te	NNS	He started struggling , his eyelids lifting wide .
te	NNS	His faced looked emotionless when he captured her gaze , but then he looked toward the grave and longing so deep filled his expression that Abby whimpered .
te	NNS	Amelia 's magic had had unexpected results in the past .
te	NN	Because sure , I could squeeze out everybody else by making sure I transported myself back to a point where I could buy my ticket first .
te	NNS	" You 've heard the rumors ? "
te	NN	From the corner of his eye , Ryder saw Sabine crouch and pick up a chunk of wood .
te	NN	Funny , like my Eva .
te	NN	" No , your finger off the trigger .
te	NN	I followed the Lieutenant into the building , and to his office where he ordered me to sit down .
te	NNS	He needs my spaghetti to put some meat on those bones . "
te	NNS	" All we want to do is give our statements and move along . "
te	NNS	I had put down roots in Salvation , though I didn 't love all of the rules .
te	NNS	He moved to the far side of the table , then tossed two manila folders onto the table , side by side .
te	NNS	Lass time , I made mistakes as Powerhouse .
te	NNS	Garrett took a few photos of them as they explored one of the shallow-water wrecks off the North Carolina coast .
te	NNS	" Give you five baskets , give you ? "
te	NNS	They were both holding rifles .
te	NN	I held the violet flower delicately .
te	NN	Gliding over Lance , Warrior slaps her tail across the top of his horns painfully .
te	NNS	The shadow stood motionless .
te	NNS	High above them , the eagle rode the winds .
te	NNS	I needed some extra calories .
te	NN	In the distance she saw the August sun glinting on the tumbled stones of a recently demolished house .
te	NNS	" I 'm just gon na chill at home , play some video games .
te	NNS	Then let stakes run through their bodies from their loins to their heads and stand these poles before those fools blocking our way . "
te	NNS	Stella 's had the best burgers in Omaha , after all .
te	NN	" And my other friends , " said the Bane .
te	NNS	It brought back tiredness with it , too .
te	NNS	Helen and Nell exchanged startled glances at mention of the king 's son .
te	NNS	Being a complete idiot , I had two large suitcases in the back of my Citroen .
te	NN	Have your men fan out and stun anything that moves .
te	NN	Instead , I could see the egg in my mind -- smooth , gold , and powerful .
te	NNS	They found seats in the smoker and Morris told Dan to sit near the window .
te	NNS	And the voodoo priest had screamed his ancient curses as they caught him in the graveyard .
te	NN	" His Majesty wants a pumpkin ?
te	NNS	God put beasts on Earth for the use of man .
te	NN	His fingers grazed the strange metallic object within .
te	NN	Madeline didn 't have a clue what either of them said .
te	NN	Ellie opened the armoire , revealing a stunning dress .
te	NNS	" Do miners need lots of milk and butter , Papa ? "
te	NNS	Miranda and Milton both had questioning expressions .
te	NN	Dude , you 're discussing the weather ?
te	NN	" Take the tip and place it over the Purr Dot , then pull the plug backward .
te	NN	We park the scooter near a group of Harleys and I smile at the bikers standing by them as we walk in .
te	NNS	" Lying to your papi won 't do you any favors , mi Camille . "
te	NN	California sunshine bathed the dock and the blindingly white ship as carts buzzed around bringing in last-minute supplies .
te	NNS	As I recall , they were having lots of financial troubles .
te	NN	He should have paid cash , stayed under the radar and given himself some time to hide his tracks .
te	NN	He 'd gotten the first gig without me .
te	NN	If people have no demand , then we as lawyers create a demand for our services . "
te	NN	No matter what happened now , I would not regret that strange intimacy I had with Sean .
te	NNS	Though he was asleep he was making a loud ruckus with his snoring .
te	NNS	I had all kinds of instructors .
te	NN	Susannah quickly prepared her salad .
te	NNS	Push open the heavy gates of iron Guarded by a fierce stone lion .
te	NN	He heard a heartbeat .
te	NNS	" Eddington has seized my accounts . "
te	NNS	" You have my condolences . "
te	NN	Ivy took no offense , possibly because she did not perceive the insult , only saying , " We were considering a little stroll about the town .
te	NN	We can 't - ah . "
te	NN	I 'd gotten the approval to dump my package .
te	NNS	' Any question , ' said Tomas , also whispering .
te	NN	She read disapproval in his silence and found that she didn 't care .
te	NN	" You don 't have a clue where it is , do you ? "
te	NNS	She scanned the rows of charts .
te	NN	She sensed his satisfaction as something finally cracked under her exertions ; but it was not the goblet .
te	NN	Pull the fucking trigger ! '
te	NNS	I remembered the fights that Anna had gotten into with the board of directors .
te	NNS	" Most people I know do expect favors . "
te	NNS	" Honestly , " Phoebe said , giving me a stern look , " I wore sweatpants today .
te	NNS	Even with her strength , she couldn 't budge the boulders .
te	NN	Sitting back , she put her seat belt on .
te	NN	I hear the body listing in the trunk .
te	NNS	They had posters on the walls .
te	NNS	You 'll get regular updates .
te	NN	The disappearance of his daughter ( my mother ) half a cycle ago had not helped his disposition .
te	NN	Whenever possible , I avoided public transport ; I especially loathed the tram as a mode of transportation .
te	NN	He gave a little chuckle and left .
te	NNS	Skin ripped off her elbows as she scrambled through .
te	NN	He held up the contract .
te	NN	I 'd really had no clue until the moment I held her in my arms , my precious black-haired baby girl with the deepest gray eyes .
te	NN	" I cooked supper .
te	NN	Filipe brings up the rear .
te	NN	I tasted salt and blood .
te	NNS	He sent the electronic files to Jeff , who directed them to video screens that were inset in the large conference table .
te	NNS	I mean , I 'd heard all the theories .
te	NNS	They hurled slanderous comments about the king , his family , and the entire French government .
te	NNS	To have loads of children , naming the first Agatha of course , because naturally she wouldn 't allow us to have a boy first . "
te	NN	He lost a little steam and wondered how to proceed .
te	NN	She tasted like orange juice , sensuality , and sex , plus the sparkling of magic still flowing between them .
te	NNS	When my fingers collide with the stylish beveled glass panel set within in the door , I feel the contours in the design for a moment .
te	NNS	Uriel mans the controls once again and we ´ re off into the depths of space .
te	NNS	I count the rows of trees as I pass them .
te	NN	Several shops and restaurants lined the walkway .
te	NN	" Then when we wake up , we can see the bay .
te	NNS	" How did you really get those scars ? "
te	NN	" Like the fact that you have an ax to grind ? "
te	NN	David felt something swirling in his memory .
te	NNS	A few songs later , Chase 's familiar sexy voice filled the speakers .
te	NNS	There are used facial tissues protruding from one of the pockets .
te	NNS	" Well , it does release lots of endorphins .
te	NNS	" You left the grounds for whole practices ? "
te	NNS	" I won 't alert the authorities , not yet .
te	NNS	He had the slightest beginnings of fuzz on his head ; his hair would be slow to grow out .
te	NNS	Coughing Man just silently finished sliding coins into his wallet before slumping off , his two plastic bags of groceries dangling from one hand .
te	NN	" I took a cab to work .
te	NNS	" I meant the parts that made you take so long .
te	NN	I ignored this statement because why would anyone call me a little girl ?
te	NN	He 's wearing his Best Buy costume : white shirt , black tie .
te	NNS	Marks burned calories like mad .
te	NNS	When that was done , and I felt much better overall , I changed the sheets , taking pleasure in the order of clean smooth percale .
te	NN	He selected a pale blue folder , lifted it out of the drawer and slipped a three-page document from it .
te	NNS	I saw flashes of home world and the smoke that burned half the city as we rushed for the lights of a crude mining vessel .
te	NN	Ken joined Silver behind the chair , concerned for his life .
te	NNS	You 've never had any qualms about invading the human world .
te	NNS	Not had enough punishment eh ?
te	NNS	" Then what terrible explanation can we give ? "
te	NNS	I 'll need photos of the sister 's kids ... we have one of her , you sure you never saw Mudd ? "
te	NN	He 'd even expected the bastard to plot revenge .
te	NNS	Someone had those files and what they might do with them could be frightening .
te	NNS	We all took our seats , but not before Carlos found it necessary to comment on the fantastic view out the window behind Rivera 's desk .
te	NN	Billie liked her roast beef on the pink side , but she didn 't think she would be able to stomach meat quite that undercooked .
te	NN	I took the notebook and tucked it between my French and Chem books and decided to play along a little .
te	NNS	Adam drew his elbows into his body , ducking his head , willing his ears to clear .
te	NNS	As always , he skipped the pleasantries : " You line up the location , Winston ? "
te	NNS	We must set aside our wishes and give heed to reality .
te	NNS	I kept those pills because I never knew when he would come after me , or when I 'd start feeling something .
te	NN	Riley tapped the string of claws and teeth wrapped around his body .
te	NN	Enjoy your mocha . "
te	NNS	He heard the locks inside the door clicking .
te	NNS	I fired off three rounds and hit only one of them .
te	NN	Sparks of heat and heaven gave my soul a little boost .
te	NNS	Young spirits have many lessons to learn .
te	NN	" Angelica , we have a guest .
te	NNS	He and Andrew always back each other 's choices . '
te	NNS	They wore fierce scowls , and it dimly registered that two of them bore a striking resemblance to her warrior .
te	NN	" They accept cash and don 't require ID . "
te	NN	She didn 't like the pallor of his face or that his head still bled from the wound .
te	NNS	I can 't stand those bastards . "
te	NNS	Wind whipped through the stark , bare branches of the oak tree , rattling the limbs .
te	NNS	Igor was enjoying his speeches today .
te	NN	I 'd banged up my ankle when I was a kid , and this wound looked comparable .
te	NN	He found a seam in the cloth .
te	NNS	Once they were sure Rose had made it safely to the ground , Titus , Zoe and Selena shimmied down rope ladders thrown over the side .
te	NN	Lisa put aside the stack of folded T-shirts and started on the underwear with no self-consciousness at all .
te	NN	As hard as it is for him to leave , he understands the wisdom of Isabelle 's words .
te	NN	I selected an apple orchard , the early spring blossoms white and waving in the breeze , casting their sweet smell toward the river .
te	NN	This time though , he wandered down each aisle and practically got one of everything , throwing things into the cart at will .
te	NNS	As the aircraft turned to face his opponent , Connie levelled the wings .
te	NN	I couldn 't place the gentle lilt .
te	NN	As she dumped the noodles into the sieve , she remembered the bread .
te	NNS	I see their shapes without forms pulling at beams without hope .
te	NN	I erased my last statement and replaced it with : Langston told me about the boarding school job .
te	NN	" Since the birth of Jesus , I 've followed his career .
te	NN	She inspected the new guy 's body armor .
te	NNS	Apparently I didn 't bring the right charts with me today , but I think it 's somewhere around 4,000 cases . "
te	NN	The iron lady held a shield and sword in her hands high above her head .
te	NNS	I recognized a few other politicians as well as some of the upper brass of the Armed Forces .
te	NN	Then she gripped the chain and ring tightly in her hand and brought it to her lips .
te	NN	He faced ridicule and jokes from his peers , but he didn 't seem to mind .
te	NNS	Ian placed our bags in the back of Simon 's little sports car .
te	NNS	I noticed beads of sweat dotting his brow .
te	NN	The cat stopped snarling , looking around in confusion .
te	NN	She dipped the chicken into a flour filled plate and swirled it around until the pink flesh was covered in white .
te	NNS	She had seen posters around the Academy for days , but never engrossed herself in the information .
te	NN	Ryder lowered his guitar , shuffled and stamped his feet once , twice .
te	NN	Seeing her helpless a second time , locked within the tranquility of her sleep , had caused the second twinge .
te	NN	Three hundred will pay the rent . "
te	NN	" I got a text from him half an hour ago .
te	NN	Before long , the Dauntless receives a priority landing clearance , and we make our approach .
te	NNS	Prince Durante would have answered both criteria .
te	NN	I waved the thick text .
te	NNS	Then hanging upside down , gibbering with fear , Starkweather spilled his guts . .
te	NNS	My heart sunk , its roots reaching out for something to hold onto inside me .
te	NNS	I have no heirs except you .
te	NNS	And I needed some spine , too , I decided grimly .
te	NNS	Fuchs and the Faith want the absolutist ideals of social hierarchy by bloodline .
te	NNS	She could see red markers for lobster pots , and beyond , the sea that refused to talk to her .
te	NNS	" I have responsibilities .
te	NNS	We can simply turn the tables and state that the pressure from so much media attention put a strain on our relationship . "
te	NN	They lifted the bell and moved it , walking backward out of the broken timbers .
te	NN	I certainly didn 't need a lecture on that .
te	NNS	You have massive resources and , over the years , your investigators have caused me a great many problems .
te	NN	In the audience , Lea 's friends were watching the ferocious exchange of punches , and they didn 't know who was having the upper hand .
te	NN	Mrs. Jones is coming up the driveway in her car and sees us standing outside in front of the truck .
te	NNS	They formed four pillows that went across the width of the bed 's head .
te	NNS	She didn 't have wings or scars where wings were removed .
te	NN	The prince had not had a heartbeat ; in fact he hadn 't had a heart at all as far as she was concerned .
te	NN	They walked a twisted pathway , trying to get around behind and mingle with Elijah 's soldiers .
te	NN	The creature shimmied up the rigging , then across Lil 's legs .
te	NNS	Dear Victoria , banish these dark passions .
te	NNS	The Emperor also built many towers and temples .
te	NN	He let her crash down on him , just as he thrust up , piercing her .
te	NNS	Do you have fantasies of him mistaking you for his beloved ?
te	NNS	" You used the word individuals a moment ago when referring to the assassination attempt .
te	NN	I left my sweatshirt on the sofa . "
te	NN	Auron threw a punch .
te	NNS	Below , he could see hills and forests , lakes and villages .
te	NNS	She traced her fingertips down his back , loving the feel of velvet poured over electrified steel .
te	NN	Lucas hauled her to her feet , reminding her she didn 't have the luxury of time to sort through her questions .
te	NN	I was ... ah ... a bit distracted . "
te	NNS	I packed several sets of clothing , and made sure I had all of the maps from the house detailing my hiking routes .
te	NNS	" What ... what parts ? "
te	NN	Rather , he cherished his present uncertainty .
te	NNS	" We have extensive resources .
te	NN	His voice had a slight Texas accent .
te	NN	Michael dropped the heap of drunken Wade to the ground and was at my side in an instant .
te	NNS	The fingers that had been tangling in his black hair gripped the strands now .
te	NN	Those words only provided fuel for Draco 's anger .
te	NN	It does cause a severe sunburn .
te	NN	I ignore his sarcasm .
te	NN	I wrapped up my mostly uneaten sandwich and slipped it into my bag .
te	NNS	He 's already made several enemies , hence where my information comes from .
te	NNS	" Not yet ... " Claire whispers as she places her arm against my back .
te	NNS	A frown tightened the corners of Chase 's eyes .
te	NNS	He flicked his ashes off to the side .
te	NN	He positioned the gauze over the stitches and secured it with two strips of tape .
te	NNS	Have no worries . "
te	NN	Philip buckled his seatbelt and shifted the car in gear .
te	NNS	Behind the city buildings , the castle had three towers connected to a center tower .
te	NN	And where did you find gas in this town ? "
te	NNS	Still had some pills , though -- somebody would pay handsomely for those .
te	NN	I just don 't have the manpower and keeping you safe is my priority .
te	NN	She closed her laptop and pushed it aside .
te	NNS	Then Shelby pipes in .
te	NN	The High King will have his property returned . "
te	NN	Justin felt a twinge of envy .
te	NNS	I closed my wings and dropped , doing a 360 with my body to put an extra oomph in it .
te	NN	" Yes , and he 's filling the tub with cold water , but isn 't there anything else we can do ? "
te	NNS	Ring any bells ? "
te	NN	" Even if you go to the doctor you need somebody monitoring you .
te	NN	My face flames red at the thought and the two women chuckle , like they know what I 'm thinking .
te	NNS	They served spaghetti , salad , and garlic bread .
te	NNS	She had merely given them the tools and the instruction - don 't kill them , and make sure they don 't come back .
te	NNS	She made a fuss about not even being able to wear all of the new clothes she had .
te	NNS	In the United States , a group of conservative pastors voiced their concerns in writing , in their churches and in media settings .
te	NN	We needed this planet .
te	NNS	Savannah had two reusable shopping bags in her hands .
te	NN	He put the notebook down slowly , as if half afraid that it might explode .
te	NN	They took the launch , though , so they must have been quick . "
te	NN	- needs this link with the Survivor .
te	NN	" Like the new shield , by the way . "
te	NN	We entered the vast engineering section .
te	NNS	Rather than share any of these thoughts with Mimi , he kept his worries to himself .
te	NN	Mr. Stott also had his seatbelt on , but blood trickled down his forehead from where he had bashed the side window .
te	NN	" He plays the guitar ?
te	NNS	Once again we will use the media to cover our actions .
te	NN	" I don 't have a clue where Pastor Morris might be .
te	NNS	The two exchanged glances and smiled to themselves .
te	NN	" I don 't have a boss this term .
te	NN	And then , three days later , he took an overdose of pills . "
te	NN	And the wolves should have given Laurent a wide berth .
te	NNS	Also to suggest other improvements that will help us to continue . "
te	NN	I did enjoy other folks ' drama .
te	NN	With that , the Chosen opened a gateway right in the middle of the room , then vanished through it .
te	NN	Heather completed her morning ritual and broke fast with those of the Forest .
te	NN	Slowly , doing his best not to laugh , he brought his tail around .
te	NN	" Okay , " she said gruffly , her chair shrieking on the linoleum as she shoved it back and stood .
te	NNS	Moving as if he were in a dream , Gaius stepped over the rotting corpses and forgotten weapons , headed toward a distant corner .
te	NN	Our leader eyed the Devil thoughtfully . "
te	NNS	Maybe he doesn 't even have the guts to come back . "
te	NNS	He knows the stakes , and he made his choice . "
te	NN	At the grocery store , she picked out a small selection of soups : beef and vegetable , chicken and noodle , tomato .
te	NNS	In response , he heard machine guns and mortars booming outside .
te	NN	" First you should always greet your mate with a kiss . "
te	NNS	Louise had her uses , but she was not good genetic stock . "
te	NN	Domestic abuse usually stayed a hidden lifestyle .
te	NNS	At times , we assign interns to accompany patients if they are having a bad day or want to hike . "
te	NNS	" I 've gotten gifts from men in the past , but never a bouquet of flowers with a bra in the middle . "
te	NN	Francesca lost her grasp on the can as she coughed , too .
te	NNS	When they returned to their office , they set their phones to available which caused them to immediately ring .
te	NNS	He could make out the dark shapes of a table and chair .
te	NN	With Zack she didn 't have a clue .
te	NN	It 's considered a honour to God -- so we got ta go . "
te	NNS	He was already feeling the effects of their separation .
te	NNS	" I do keep some records .
te	NNS	" He 's just made some mistakes .
te	NNS	Only this person had massive black wings behind him , disappearing on either side of the door .
te	NNS	Sunlight irritated her eyelids .
te	NNS	It gives us enough grounds to tear your arms off right now ! "
te	NNS	Nobody 's making any decisions today . "
te	NNS	The intriguing and deep knowledge of the child needed the alluring and fleshly surface passions of the woman .
te	NN	Rita had a seafood salad and Ted waded into a burrito with all the trimmings .
te	NN	We 've got a ton of work to do and I need an adjutant .
te	NNS	" In hell , " the American said grimly .
te	NN	Steel upon steel the blades fell and rose again , a lethal blur of metal .
te	NN	They shared the load and walked together through the building 's rear doors .
te	NNS	Seeing him with so much concern in his beautiful brown eyes , she could not regret the choices she 'd made .
te	NN	Folding his arms over his chest , Gray contemplated Caroline 's somewhat surprising behavior .
te	NN	In waves they picked out a small but very exact portion of the debris .
te	NN	' You give up your coin , quick as can be , knowing all too well it buys the deaths of thousands .
te	NN	" Find his footing ? "
te	NN	It lit the launch bay beyond with a shower of sparks as it struck the deck .
te	NN	He heard the winding of gears inside his arms when he rolled his wrists and the clicking of his body when he breathed .
te	NN	Kathy Jo didn 't deserve my sarcasm .
te	NN	The thought of him sleeping on the couch made her chuckle .
te	NNS	They , like everyone else , were halted every few kilometers , questioned and asked to pay for the privilege of passing .
te	NNS	She saw the tiny strings of letters ; none had any meaning to her .
te	NNS	Behind us , Cole was making a fuss , demanding to know what was wrong with me .
te	NNS	" I never make threats , Eden .
te	NNS	The man knows his wines .
te	NN	I ceased my mantra and let go of the spell .
te	NNS	This man had obviously prepared other women 's baths before .
te	NNS	" They do have their uses . "
te	NN	He heard surf and smelled the birds again .
te	NN	" Did they send any whiskey ? "
te	NN	That would have added to her ... allure . "
te	NN	He sustained a head injury in the attacks and we have lost hope that he will fully recover .
te	NN	I won 't sell that icon .
te	NNS	The professor scanned the guests as they assembled in one of the large lecture rooms downstairs , waiting to be seated for dinner .
te	NNS	The portal shot out new creatures at a fantastic speed .
te	NNS	Unfortunately , I 'm not bearing any gifts because I 'm not doing so well , Gretchen .
te	NN	He would give her extra tutoring after class and pass her .
te	NN	But he was making headway with her .
te	NNS	" Hey , The front desk usually has these little gift baskets in it ... " Alyosha said .
te	NN	She twirled the bread and then dropped it back into the basket where it belonged .
te	NNS	' I told you , I don 't play the games . '
te	NN	" Maybe one of you can identify the clothing on those others .
te	NNS	" And I know liars .
te	NN	She was already eyeing the garment with some curiosity .
te	NN	I can smell each flower as if it were being waved beneath my nose .
te	NN	" Hey everybody . "
te	NNS	" I saw those trunks in the hallway .
te	NNS	Alec drags my panties down my legs , leaving me standing completely naked before him .
te	NNS	As he rode off he could see columns of smoke in the distance and knew that buildings were burning .
te	NNS	He would have picked your bones and spit you out sooner or later .
te	NN	Nick held up the badge on a chain around his neck as he walked by .
te	NN	Alexia tapped her cheek thoughtfully with her own fan .
te	NN	First , I wanted the identity of my morning date to remain a secret until I opened the door .
te	NNS	My children carried the rumors with them , and they never faded , but it was enough .
te	NN	Inspector Boniface voiced the opinion of them all .
te	NN	We should be achieving victory on every front !
te	NN	" But I can tell you this , my lovely Luna . "
te	NN	She could hear his heart beating , larger than a human heart .
te	NN	Hell , I might of killed the bastard . "
te	NNS	" You see Sally , some people have little manners when visiting the home of others .
te	NNS	How 's about I finish the cookies , but on a baking sheet .
te	NNS	The staff always showed ID tags when they came and went .
te	NNS	He hated liars more than anyone .
te	NN	While I wait , I open my jeweled casket where I keep the few items I brought with me from the convent .
te	NNS	The doctor was doing his rounds , so Adams took the opportunity to ask about Renton 's concussion .
te	NNS	He 'd probably visited the same towns we had , only with less resistance and difficulty .
te	NNS	He was probably calling his detective goons to murder my boyfriend .
te	NNS	Don 't play games with my heart .
te	NNS	She held her delicate parts , a little frightened , and a lot embarrassed .
te	NNS	I opened the cupboards , rummaging for food .
te	NN	Finally he popped out the brown contact lens , placing all elements of his disguise into the empty banker 's box .
te	NN	" Or should I say ' Your Majesty ' ?
te	NNS	I 'll make amends , until the end of my days . "
te	NNS	I could hear the echoes of phones and typing .
te	NN	Evelyn was wearing a bathrobe and slippers , but Dale was dressed in the clothes he wore to mow the lawn .
te	NN	Dino was behind the counter sanding a stock for a shotgun .
te	NN	If you 're a telemarketer , I 've got a police whistle here and I 'm not afraid to use it . "
te	NN	Grady pulled a musty tuxedo out and held it up against his chest , judging the fit .
te	NNS	Ethan looked dubiously at the paper bags .
te	NNS	The tower measured little more than two kilometers in diameter , and the tallest visible point was estimated to be twenty kilometers above the island .
te	NNS	It had traces of blood . "
te	NN	A large cat had spent some time rubbing against the bark , stretching out in the branches .
te	NN	My family can 't handle any more scandal .
te	NNS	I rise and make my final rounds before leaving .
te	NNS	" Why do you have so many guns ? "
te	NNS	I had more urgent topics to address , too .
te	NNS	" You make decisions for both of us based on what 's convenient at any given time .
te	NNS	Mr. Lark commonly sent fools like this boy on impossible missions .
te	NNS	She collected up the cookies and stood to face him .
te	NN	" That will not stop the logs . "
te	NNS	" You have relatives ? "
te	NN	Prisoners were given a bowl of water each day and that was it .
te	NN	He respects that familial bond and my love for my dad too much .
te	NNS	Conner smiled and showed off his dimples .
te	NN	I can grill meat , but I ain 't no kitchen chef . "
te	NNS	For another hour , he showed her tips on how to work the rigging , slow down , speed up and turn into the wind .
te	NNS	Nevertheless , Jones knows the consequences : the basement .
te	NN	She depressed the syringe halfway , but it jerked out of his arm as he seized violently .
te	NN	He 'd mastered that art long ago , though these days it mostly came in handy when he needed to buy a beer .
te	NNS	Hoping someone was close enough to hear , she grunted loudly .
te	NN	" I made a commitment . "
te	NNS	" Four flat tires .
te	NNS	Jericho , open the trunks of all three cars .
te	NNS	His proclamation had the desired results , however .
te	NN	At the last moment , the conservancy miraculously found our grandfather and here we are . "
te	NNS	He should take lessons from this guy .
te	NNS	He ground the heavy truck 's gears as he pulled onto the side road on his way back to the office .
te	NNS	Sometimes words that people use have different meanings in different ages .
te	NNS	" More like Eyes Wide Shut . "
te	NN	When she was almost done with the meal she heard the captain addressing her .
te	NNS	" I can only guide you , you must make your own choices .
te	NNS	So many times he had relived those events , but never giving any thought to the pawns sucked into his frustrated plot .
te	NNS	Keno also had several lighter spots and he was the fastest and most obedient of the four horses .
te	NNS	The girls ordered burgers and milkshakes .
te	NN	David ate the moldy soda bread and washed it down with strong , tepid tea .
te	NNS	We were taking zombies away from them so they could survive .
te	NNS	" I can 't tell you all my secrets . "
te	NN	Three houses down , close enough to the streetlight so he could see , two men staggered up the sidewalk toward his neighbor 's front door .
te	NN	I closed the program and returned my thoughts to my plan to get into the apartments without attracting attention .
te	NNS	We need copies of files , copies of bank records , copies of a million documents that can only come from within .
te	NNS	I can hear the bells ! "
te	NNS	I troop the three flights up to my bedroom .
te	NNS	Tasted her secrets and drove his tongue into her sex .
te	NNS	The undersized actor laughed loudly .
te	NNS	Oh , yes , I can see all your secrets , Charles Berger .
te	NN	" How will you taste my innocence ? "
te	NNS	Denny had taken his secrets with him .
te	NNS	She was wearing scrubs , and I gathered that she must be performing some kind of procedure here at the hospital .
te	NN	" And keep the vacation going . "
te	NN	The truth was , she hadn 't really missed that organ .
te	NNS	She was shoving black trash bags into the rear seat , and the wagon was filled with clothes .
te	NN	" Stop shooting ! "
te	NN	Once again I could feel a chill going right through me - I knew instantly that something was very wrong here .
te	NN	We 've got a special project going on at school and I 'm putting in overtime to get it finished by the deadline . "
te	NNS	" A woman must have her secrets , Sammy . "
te	NN	Then he removed a syringe from its sterile plastic pack and grinned at me .
te	NNS	" Well we don 't have arranged marriages here .
te	NNS	He then issued some threats and instructions , then left because he had an appointment elsewhere . "
te	NN	" You liked smoking and you never smoked before today and I 'm pretty sure that 's more of an acquired taste than this . "
te	NNS	Jenna shook her blond tresses and pushed a stubborn strand of hair out of her eyes .
te	NN	No one as rich as your Rockefellers , but most of the old families still have some loot socked away . "
te	NNS	Surely Maksim would record these life-altering events in his journal , but did he explain their buildup ?
te	NNS	The two gentlemen in the room were exchanging amused glances .
te	NN	Read the Government section .
te	NN	He unfastened his seat belt .
te	NN	He already has an heir .
te	NN	Capping the canteen , he climbed down the ladder into the secret lair below IT .
te	NNS	He didn 't look tame or civilized to her .
te	NN	Ellie took that momentary distraction to bolt , pushing through Dr. Z 's screen door .
te	NNS	The combination of moderate speed and proximity would exaggerate the deflection angles .
te	NNS	I 'll book the tickets , Hubert .
te	NNS	" My parents had considerable resources .
te	NN	Finally , with nowhere left to procrastinate , I flipped open my chemistry text and resigned myself to studying .
te	NNS	" But glamour doesn 't make zombies of anyone .
te	NN	" I haven 't a clue . "
te	NN	Straight up the slope they charged towards the watchers .
te	NNS	He tugs off his gloves carefully , pulling at each finger before slipping them off his hands .
te	NN	I retouched my light makeup , and looked at myself in the mirror .
te	NN	" Built the asylum with his own money .
te	NN	He walked past Bob 's tent , shook it and called out , " Morning time , you Limey Bastard . "
te	NNS	The maids who rushed to the hall when they heard her squeal , wore shocked expressions .
te	NNS	" I can see your horny wetness dripping down your legs .
te	NN	This time when she fell over he followed , holding her hands the whole time he shared the journey .
te	NNS	She dropped her gardening gloves .
te	NN	She 'd barely registered the impact except for a slight loss of breath .
te	NN	Though he couldn 't see Jane , he could hear her giggling .
te	NN	The blade caught a sharp glint of light from the bulb in the ceiling .
te	NN	A full sized replica of a sailing vessel .
te	NNS	You can 't steal maidens from their future husbands with a crooked nose . "
te	NN	None of tonight 's duty pilots wanted this gig because everyone wanted to keep watching television , but I drew short straw .
te	NN	Tucker then took inventory of his own damage .
te	NN	" Can I have a garden salad instead ? "
te	NNS	All of them had wounds that needed to be attended to , but the three men opted to have a few celebratory mugs of ale first .
te	NN	Perhaps feeling a little cramped in his one mountain .
te	NN	We will see the conclusion as it settles . "
te	NN	And why had that voice a familiar lilt to it ?
te	NN	He caught the glint of humor in her eyes and laughed with her .
te	NN	" I don 't have a badge . "
te	NN	She grabbed the chain with one hand and yanked it out of the concrete .
te	NN	This device bound one individual to another as if they were carved into the same stone .
te	NNS	I remembered my colors and knew that by mixing red and blue , purple was created , and with a little white , lavender bloomed .
te	NN	I hardly fit that description .
te	NNS	" Well , maybe you should teach me some manners . "
te	NN	Smiling , she gave one last lick to the head , and then slid him into her mouth whole .
te	NN	" And I do take offense to him . "
te	NNS	I lick his wounds before tossing him back to Tyson without thinking .
te	NN	A frightened sound escaped the merchant .
te	NN	I walk out and go for the bedroom to find her a T-shirt , but stop short .
te	NNS	" When you left this morning , I made a few decisions .
te	NNS	Then he focused his shouts at Joan .
te	NNS	Who feared the consequences if he backed off .
te	NNS	Here the cold strikes your bones .
te	NN	Maybe you can leave the preserve and try to find the Sphinx .
te	NNS	I would have respected his wishes .
te	NN	If he 'd touched me , I might have castrated somebody .
te	NN	" We 'll have the cash to buy an outfit to get to Colorado Territory .
te	NN	For some ridiculous reason the knowledge sent a tingle of anticipation down his spine .
te	NNS	Forte watched the limbs of the giant oak tree in the back sway slightly in the wind that had kicked up since the afternoon .
te	NN	' Whatever happened to her back there has had no permanent impact on her or the baby , as far as we can tell .
te	NNS	" I have some leads , " Julia said vaguely .
te	NNS	The bat wrapped her wings around the girl .
te	NNS	He was holding your ankles and preparing to fix everything by drowning you in the whirlpool . "
te	NNS	I hate wicker baskets !
te	NN	Trying to find solace in his work , Timothy continues his research in the lab .
te	NNS	" I remember impressions , mostly .
te	NNS	She mistook the repairs being made on many of the buildings to be new homes going up .
te	NNS	It toasted the soles of my feet .
te	NN	Although humans hadn 't been allowed in the House , Tate hadn 't extended the ban to the bars .
te	NNS	He 's been checking out all the new toys in this specially equipped apartment to make sure they work right . "
te	NN	When they entered again into the chorus , there came faintly through the speakers an invisible acoustic guitar backing up Moses .
te	NNS	In August , Gray sent out scouts to chart routes and look for campsites .
te	NN	He unbuckled the collar , from which several thin loops of silver chains hung .
te	NN	I rejected Lakin 's belief that Al could have been dangerous .
te	NNS	" I had a few grenades in a drawer at home .
te	NNS	Did she hate my kisses ?
te	NNS	And if I ever hear of Agnes 's yard being decorated again , I 'll show her and the police my photos .
te	NN	" I need the sheriff ! "
te	NN	Archer caught a soldier on the landing .
te	NNS	The capsule sprouted inflatable limbs and was quickly pushing itself towards a small town , which suspended over the European sea on enormous concrete legs .
te	NN	" If I even feel you move too much , I will just pull this trigger . "
te	NN	But then she heard another buzz , and a second bee landed on her other sleeve .
te	NN	They were given moral discipline , taught the Blessings of the Empress , and made into good law-abiding members of society .
te	NN	Suddenly my body found a new grace , moving in flawless synch with his across a lighted stage .
te	NNS	He 'd given lots of thought to her question , and his experiments had led him to believe exactly what he was telling her .
te	NN	I can 't convey to her the full importance of what just happened .
te	NN	" Did Ling see the injury ? "
te	NN	He took the guitar and repositioned himself .
te	NN	He took up the slack in the sail line and looped it under the backs of his legs in a makeshift harness .
te	NNS	" I 've endured investigations before .
te	NNS	I swallowed the tightness in my throat and stretched my hand out for the water .
te	NNS	" I even bought groceries .
te	NN	Night and day he practiced the shooting at the wooden target and even toward the slaves .
te	NNS	They 'll run tests , stick her with needles , pump her full of drugs , and then say she 's a medical mystery . "
te	NNS	Choose up your tools .
te	NNS	Looking back down at the floor , I followed the pipes backward to the place where they entered from the adjacent room .
te	NNS	" You can find any hairline cracks by running your fingertips over each bone .
te	NNS	Do you require corrective lenses ?
te	NNS	The man , she guessed , just wanted votes , and she didn 't appreciate him using Lori 's kidnapping as an excuse to get on TV .
te	NN	I took a taxi up to the hospital .
te	NNS	" I hate tights . "
te	NN	The figure caught the quarrel in one hand and rushed forward with inhuman speed .
te	NNS	He hated games , hated subterfuge and pretending , but that 's what Richard had forced on him with this ridiculous dinner .
te	NNS	He took out his grey gloves from the satchel and pulled them on .
te	NN	You have honor and duty and love all mixed up in that head of yours .
te	NN	Again glances and shrugs bounce through the group .
te	NN	He could now see the mist gathering around his destination .
te	NNS	She had made some bad decisions and was clearly not a good politician , but she was not a liar .
te	NNS	" We have theories .
te	NN	I drop my bow on the ground and give it a nudge with my boot .
te	NNS	But when it comes to my family , I will not tolerate slanderous statements .
te	NN	The mini-van driver called an ambulance on his cell phone , apologizing , saying " Oh my God , " over and over .
te	NNS	" Fifty pounds ! "
te	NN	And I probably did look a little crazy , a grown man obsessing about a Winnie-the-Pooh lampshade .
te	NN	She continued down the opposite sidewalk , noticing several more dead soldiers , all from the surface .
te	NNS	We 've both made mistakes ... so many mistakes . "
te	NN	His answer sent a nervous thrill through her .
te	NNS	" Belgium needs good nurses and soldiers .
te	NNS	Have you found any promising prospects during your time in Charleston ?
te	NNS	Especially since you 're wearing socks . "
te	NNS	Mikey put the finishing touches on the golem .
te	NNS	He whispered hot , sexy , very graphic suggestions that left her heated and a little shocked .
te	NNS	I 've never seen such pretty colors before , not even in Mr. Jacobs 's shop . "
te	NNS	I spent many evenings dozing off on her couch while she and Bryce worked on the different decorations .
te	NNS	We got some pillows and blankets but it ' aint gon na be comfortable . "
te	NN	She then took the bread and split it open .
te	NNS	I heard more whispers , imagined fingers pointed my way , and then a chorus of shocked squeaks and gasps reached my corner .
te	NNS	I 've killed thirty-eight Germans in the last two years for no reason other than they were trying to kill me .
te	NNS	I must have heirs ! "
te	NNS	" The innocent party , that 's who , " said Chives sheepishly .
te	NNS	She raced up several flights of concrete steps , and ran into Joseph 's hard chest .
te	NN	Picking up the pace , she showed her ticket at the door .
te	NNS	" We still haven 't set the tasks . "
te	NNS	I 've had three different investors approach me .
te	NNS	If this has happened before , they wil have records of it . "
te	NNS	He ripped her thin panties in haste and settled himself over her .
te	NN	Then I notice a crack of light seeping from the armory door .
te	NN	Galen 's arguments that we needed at least one more able-bodied guard on the call had some merit .
te	NNS	Through molded windows like square openings in flesh , shone a few electric bulbs .
te	NN	" Your first acceptance . "
te	NNS	Dreamer lay motionless across from him , sleeping .
te	NNS	He pulls my panties down just a bit and runs his tongue over the now exposed skin .
te	NN	She lifted her chin a notch , but he still towered over her .
te	NNS	Alice could still see patches of dune grass here and there along the side of the road .
te	NNS	I 've even called all my favors with the press and they 're stumped .
te	NNS	I 'd cracked enough eggs to make two omelets when I heard the text notification on my phone .
te	NNS	And he expertly kept paparazzi at bay .
te	NN	he asked the soldier , luckily a stranger to him .
te	NNS	Sulley closed the cabinets and went to the door .
te	NNS	The spell he 'd placed on Queen Sophie would prevent their enemies from finding her now .
te	NN	" I 'm leaving service .
te	NNS	Then create those divisions of secret spies , who do not know about each other . "
te	NN	Link might as well have lobbed a grenade at Ridley , instead of three little words .
te	NNS	You , Logan , Abby and I discussed the options . "
te	NN	She can 't strengthen her influence in the world without strengthening every one of her curses , every one of her spells , at once . "
te	NNS	They sprinted past rows of what looked like attached terrace villas enclosed by walls that were of an architectural style that did not match the villas .
te	NN	The airport may have been footing the bill for her trip to Bozeman , but that didn 't mean she shouldn 't tip the driver .
te	NN	It did lengthen the journey by about a half mile but I always went that way unless time prohibited it .
te	NNS	" We still have quite a few lessons .
te	NN	Cain settled a clear face shield over her head and adjusted it into place .
te	NNS	On the enchanted building it had four tall towers had tall spirals high up into the air .
te	NNS	Min and Daniel exchanged glances .
te	NNS	Put all your expenses on the company credit card .
te	NN	She noticed the slightest wrinkle of his nose , somehow in recognition .
te	NNS	Nicolas underwent last-minute checks .
te	NN	We have a sniper on all three of them .
te	NN	I just got my pilot 's license .
te	NNS	Giving private lessons ? "
te	NN	Suddenly eager to get back before he was discovered missing , the boy brought his tome to the Lender 's desk .
te	NNS	" More important men make all the decisions .
te	NNS	You could feel the sticky sheets , smell the urine , hear the whistle of His hand tearing through the air .
te	NN	Then a younger comrade , Zhi Yun , gave a lecture on modern Western satellite communications and the new American spy satellite project .
te	NN	It wasn 't until I heard a soft chuckle from Joshua that I snapped out of my haze .
te	NNS	Several of the researchers need grants .
te	NN	You can have full access to every level of the Underworld that you wish with no restrictions .
te	NN	" Ain 't nobody ever goin ' to make you cum like me . "
te	NNS	He doesn 't appreciate acts of rebellion . "
te	NNS	He 'd already called lawyers and told them to investigate .
te	NNS	As soon as this Conclave is over , I 'm hunting those bastards down and killing them .
te	NNS	They weigh nearly thirty pounds . "
te	NN	Once we got here , we fired up the module 's generator . "
te	NN	Tara wrapped a sheet around herself , gathering her courage as she gathered the material .
te	NN	She placed the last stack on top and straightened its corners .
te	NN	Before I could protest , he picked up my journal , glanced at the last page , and shook his head .
te	NN	Bill swallowed another large gulp of the iced vodka .
te	NNS	Otherwise , you can keep your tips and have a nice day . "
te	NNS	If we can make it just a few more miles to Takeshi , he 'll have our backs .
te	NN	They were creating a deep hum of carnality within me .
te	NNS	Jacob didn 't like whispers .
te	NNS	He saw several expressions , including mild amusement , flicker across the other 's face , but the eyes that met his held only sympathy .
te	NNS	Give my compliments to your lady . '
te	NNS	Settling back , she compared the columns of figures on one page with another .
te	NN	One of the younger dwarves dropped a bead on him and fired his lightning gun point blank .
te	NN	" About two days , " said The Manager .
te	NNS	No one gives a damn about the tenants trying to raise their families in that hell hole . "
te	NN	" I accept your challenge . "
te	NNS	The new organ pokes a few twisted pipes out through the debris .
te	NNS	They have extraordinarily quick reflexes . "
te	NN	Wes hugged her goodbye and then he was walking away .
te	NNS	" Packed up her stuff , cleaned out our bank accounts , and ran .
te	NNS	Gage strides in with a giant white pizza box .
te	NN	Neither of us really has a clue and oh , Sidney , I just don 't know which way is up anymore . "
te	NNS	He loves your cookies . "
te	NN	I held the clipboard in front of me and turned it left like a steering wheel .
te	NN	I recognized the sob by the way his shoulders moved .
te	NNS	His fingertips trace the corners of my eyes .
te	NNS	They took seats on his couch made of animal skin , which was a preposterous waste , but the covering was soft and practically absorbed her .
te	NNS	" Over the hills ? "
te	NNS	I took several long strides to keep up with her and get to the door before her so I could open it .
te	NN	" You made supper , so I thought I 'd do breakfast .
te	NNS	" You will vacate your homes immediately .
te	NN	He suckled her breast as another finger joined the first and slid inside her .
te	NNS	We left the binoculars there .
te	NN	They brought up a wheelchair and put Nomi in it .
te	NNS	I turn my toes straight forward and it feels unnatural .
te	NN	I haven 't forgotten your little smoke bomb prank .
te	NN	I fall off the ledge , grabbing the cliff rock with my right hand dangling my body in the air .
te	NN	She felt her own cheek flaming with embarrassment .
te	NNS	In Kenneth 's opinion , marriage had caused all those negative consequences .
te	NN	God , he hated Bourbon .
te	NNS	One of them gave me some movie posters . "
te	NNS	I could count four vehicles parked inside , from the limo to a Jeep .
te	NN	" Why not a salon ? "
te	NNS	If your basic veracity remains unchanged , you will select the best buyers .
te	NNS	They 'd planned their outfits together , both wearing jewel-toned dresses , high , strappy heels , and coordinated jewelry .
te	NNS	She ran her fingertips over her face in an attempt to recognize her own features .
te	NN	You 've let his disrespect set the flavor of the court .
te	NN	" Look , you just dropped a load .
te	NNS	You 'd built up loads .
te	NN	I like smoking ! '
te	NNS	Patrick and I turned our backs to one another and began side-stepping in a circle , waiting for the avalanche of bodies to descend .
te	NN	I heard a commotion to my right towards the main exit .
te	NN	Not only was the space-based observatory performing a continuous , real-time monitoring of solar activity , it used an array of solar panels as its energy source .
te	NN	The shovel on his thick skull made a resounding smack , and it sent off another cheer .
te	NNS	I pushed the controls down to dive towards the ground .
te	NN	Masterson had suggested the destination .
te	NNS	She shrugged off her fantasies .
te	NN	Nox doesn 't have a clue . "
te	NN	Given her back her art ?
te	NN	I also had a guardian angel .
te	NN	In fact , she had no clue she wasn 't completely alone until she felt a hand touch her shoulder and hot breath against her neck .
te	NNS	They took their seats with Mr. Clancy at the head of the small , square table .
te	NNS	" I visit galleries wherever I go .
te	NN	Reaching for anything , I broke a guitar over his face .
te	NN	" I 've known the captain of our troop for years .
te	NN	and snatched the Pharaoh 's bust off him and sat down on the beach .
te	NNS	Remove our possessions and burn this cham , now .
te	NNS	I only need about 1300 calories a day to survive but I eat closer to 1800 .
te	NN	Kelsey eyed Gage 's T-shirt .
te	NN	Even the day maids and painters won 't move that portrait . "
te	NNS	Best to just use bar chords then .
te	NN	I found her staking this place out during your opening night for the lounge . "
te	NN	His throat still bears the mark of Kane 's fangs , but he lives , having known to submit to an opponent who outmatched him .
te	NNS	I 've felt these time shifts twice before , but it was just ... a bad feeling .
te	NNS	He had degrees and offers , but he was driven to be a soldier , to defend his country and the people in it .
te	NNS	You can 't make these decisions for me , for the both of us .
te	NN	He reads the newspaper . "
te	NN	Because I could show you my routine -- " He kneels in front of me so that his face is inches from mine .
te	NN	Her coat is insulated nylon , with a hood built in , in yellow with blue markings .
te	NNS	" Fortunately , you have your trunks and protector on , so put your clothes in your locker .
te	NNS	" Imagine the possibilities . "
te	NNS	Anton nodded grimly . '
te	NNS	Kissing me as he lowers my back toward the sand , I do not feel the course grains .
te	NN	Even so , we use the bulk of his clothes , and I remove a jerkin from the next largest soldier .
te	NNS	Daniel gave the photos back .
te	NNS	I picked up my pajamas .
te	NN	Kevin 's compatriots had put up a vigorous defense in their stone house , but the opposing numbers were too strong .
te	NN	Mia had a headache and fever and the world was spinning around in a way , which wasn 't a good sign .
te	NN	I serve the monarch . '
te	NNS	We have two spots left at Burton .
te	NNS	Turning his head , he kissed her fingertips as they traveled over the top of his shoulder , stunning her with the tender gesture .
te	NNS	" Hi , guys , " Will greeted his older siblings .
te	NN	I put my satin pink high heel , dyed to match my dress , on the table with the flowers and champagne .
te	NNS	Everyone in the boat exchanged glances .
te	NN	" I need a nap .
te	NNS	The demons have been covering all locations where the sun was out .
te	NNS	Get your socks and shoes on .
te	NN	I felt this grace and love of His surround and engulf me like a river , and it stripped the ignorance from my eyes . "
te	NN	" Got a pin in my knee , though .
te	NN	I have never broken my vows . "
te	NN	He anchored his ankle on the opposite knee and grinned up at her .
te	NN	She was still reducing her scotch with the negligent regularity of an accomplished drinker .
te	NN	Her heart gave one horrified pulse and then stilled for two beats as she fell away from her horse .
te	NNS	" I could use the patches of light to find Shark , except there aren 't any here .
te	NNS	We take the goods from one foreign country to another .
te	NNS	' You 've not noticed any unusual transactions ? '
te	NN	Give the plug a healthy dose of lube and then insert it as far into your ass as you can .
te	NNS	I 'd seen the tentacles at the hospital and in Los Angeles , but I 'd never seen more than the tentacles .
te	NN	Sebastian was giving the police a statement .
te	NN	She blew her nose loudly .
te	NNS	I can imagine all the toys six kids had .
te	NN	What kind of danger would bring her aunt back from the dead ?
te	NN	I gave a squeal of excitement .
te	NN	Reaching into her jacket pocket for her lighter , she ignited the flame and held it inches from the end of the cloth in readiness .
te	NNS	Open up these gates and let me in .
te	NNS	In the weeks after their honeymoon they had long talks about the future .
te	NN	Pushing an oil barrel aside , he located the chain under a pile of rusted machine parts and gripped it firmly .
te	NN	She was only as crazy as she needed to be to get the job done , she 'd often tel her mate .
te	NNS	They have really made improvements , new animals and environments .
te	NNS	But it also would have sent up warning bells .
te	NN	" How can I assume his identity ?
te	NNS	I always want noodles .
te	NN	Swear the vow , and you can shut the door on this night .
te	NNS	She also divines psychic impressions through touch and can glimpse events from the past , present ... or future . "
te	NN	" About the journal ? "
te	NNS	There appeared more drums than any respectable musician could ever need , alerting the bald investigator to a second anomaly .
te	NNS	We aren 't playing games anymore , Zero . "
te	NN	He stuck his right paw up waving .
te	NNS	When they were finished , he rolled up the maps .
te	NNS	He propped his elbows on the podium and motioned for Chase to begin .
te	NN	" Got ta go slave away in the library .
te	NNS	The pain was truly reaching epic proportions .
te	NN	Not to mention the drama that would come between Luke and I. And I hate soap opera drama .
te	NNS	Of course , I 'd made up all kinds of details for my own Martian fantasy back in second grade , too .
te	NN	" To defend the honor of my sister ! "
te	NN	Let 's finally get this journey underway . "
te	NNS	" Mikhail , I will need herbs .
te	NNS	" Take off the handcuffs and shackles . "
te	NN	He had a slight accent , and I noticed that he was limping slightly .
te	NN	Say it with enough conviction , enough passion , get an expert to back you up , and it becomes real .
te	NN	Because Liz knew that if it was her decision , she would choose his happiness over hers any day .
te	NNS	" She would often check the locks on the doors before she went to sleep .
te	NNS	She contemplated the consequences for a brief moment and dismissed them , pushing them from her mind .
te	NN	I 'll even provide the tank and weights . "
te	NN	Paris , as the oldest vampire in the chamber , led the brief , simple ceremonies .
te	NNS	She is wearing white knee socks and black clogs with the backs walked down .
te	NN	Suddenly she remembered the implant .
te	NN	So Perry played the dreamer , and Annika played the pragmatist .
te	NN	I put the paddle down in my lap and looked over at my brother .
te	NN	The nurse handed a stack of papers to Ann and pointed out all the places where she needed to sign .
te	NN	He took a swallow of his coffee .
te	NNS	Gerald and Vivian exchanged glances .
te	NN	He heard his father 's signature , guttural cough .
te	NNS	I always joke that it makes him look like one of those old-fashioned pilots they have photos of in the museums .
te	NN	" Will you cast this vessel off .
te	NN	Mikhail peeled back the wrapper to reveal the sheer nightgown she 'd worn underneath .
te	NNS	Sitting back with Ashton , I pull out some files that I was going to work on at home anyway .
te	NNS	Both Maximus and Sophie dropped goodnight kisses on Theo 's forehead before Ari passed him over to Tina in the back seat .
te	NN	She was drinking whiskey .
te	NN	" Sounds like a newcomer ! "
te	NNS	Even now your senses will pick up impressions and send them to your brain .
te	NN	She saw the episode with Sadie and the Rottweiler and then me letting Tuck in .
te	NN	Dylan was giving her a wide berth , moving about the room , opening boxes .
te	NNS	Others might have concerns about Brandon , but she saw deeper .
te	NNS	Kept their hoods up and declined any services .
te	NNS	If it 's one thing we were good at , it was lighting up the sheets . "
te	NN	I give her a quick peck on the forehead when we separate and I turn to the door .
te	NN	Apparently , the keeper had direct communication with the god at all times in the event something catastrophic happened to the Sibyl .
te	NNS	I turned the headlights on .
te	NNS	I still have the scars on my back , remember them ?
te	NNS	We didn 't have any delusions about actually being able to stop the culling .
te	NN	" If I have a knack for finding attractive males , as my husband perhaps you should find the implied compliment . "
te	NN	Remember the snack food strike of ' 06 .
te	NN	Still , he didn 't realize the impact on Ian .
te	NN	" We have a breach !
te	NNS	Eduard and I exchanged glances .
te	NN	And , it needs a pressure tank to dump the CO2 it pulls from the air .
te	NNS	" I mean , the cortical field readings spiked once or twice , but that 's it .
te	NNS	His legs suddenly sprouted roots .
te	NN	But she felt a slight spike of jealousy .
te	NN	Unfortunately , if one opens up to love , it can mean heartbreak .
te	NNS	Walking back , I opened the second and third drawers and did the same .
te	NNS	And in that town dwell the creatures that the world has forgotten .
te	NN	' When did you make the discovery ? "
te	NN	Just before his airship hit the bridge , the flames reached the gas tank behind Alain , and it exploded with a white flash .
te	NNS	Have you explored other possibilities ? "
te	NN	Evelyn let out a little gasp of distress and tightened her grasp on his hands .
te	NN	He was elected leader a few years later as I was making my way up the chain of command at home .
te	NNS	We will apply the lessons we have learned here today to save other lives and give hope to the people who have lost it . "
te	NNS	You will have many victories , and many losses .
te	NNS	Rufus was a bastard and Gaston knew the kinds of pressure the older man put on his clients and employees .
te	NN	He had fought the binding ritual , yet his animal instinct had overcome his civilized trappings .
te	NNS	I 'd like all the eligible males to move to the side of the stage .
te	NN	He studies the bloody gash across the dead man 's throat .
te	NN	" You 're back , " I said , a statement that only served to multiply the awkwardness between us .
te	NNS	Teenagers love board games .
te	NNS	The gate attendant scanned their tickets and they were finally inside the stadium .
te	NN	" Eat your bread , and you may work on your story for a bit . "
te	NNS	" Not really , they gave me some pills that help . "
te	NNS	They don 't make mistakes .
te	NN	She pulled the shawl around her shoulders and returned to her duties .
te	NN	I hadn 't brought a torch and there weren 't any streetlights for most of the way .
te	NNS	A man stood motionless in the centre of a similar sized room to the first incumbent .
te	NNS	He has some private concerns . "
te	NNS	The wasp had just twitched its wings , nearly lifting off .
te	NNS	This close , I can see the streaks of darker red in the woman 's tunic where the fabric wrinkled and caught more blood in the folds .
te	NN	" It makes her restless .
te	NN	One , Rourke pushed back his barstool and jumped to his feet .
te	NNS	But she does have two minions hanging around . "
te	NN	I had promised her a milkshake before realizing she had to study , and she 'd damn well get it .
te	NN	Unfortunately , you 'll never get the public recognition you deserve because we have to maintain secrecy . "
te	NN	" Need a ticket ? "
te	NNS	Below , I could hear furious replies .
te	NNS	Sam saw her flimsy , nude colored panties .
te	NNS	She exhaled loudly and reached for a small branch of table grapes .
te	NN	The government had access to all cell towers , but those can be hacked .
te	NN	She stroked his cheekbone .
te	NN	She heard his gasp , ' Darling - I want you - so bad . '
te	NN	The dwarf assumed a pose that was supposed to look strong and defiant , mostly it just looked silly .
te	NNS	" You can 't allow your secrets to come to light .
te	NN	I tucked the walkie-talkie into another pocket on my vest .
te	NN	Rice studied the disk at her fingertips and exhaled audibly .
te	NN	She flipped the coin .
te	NNS	He stuffs a few French fries in his mouth , but keeps talking .
te	NNS	I 'd have the locks changed as soon as humanly possible .
te	NN	" The boy / trained would never have pulled a childish stunt like that one to get my attention . "
te	NN	It always reflects the inhabitants of the room .
te	NN	The sunlight blinds her overhead and the light from its all encompassing glow engulfs her .
te	NNS	He closed her eyelids and removed her wedding ring .
te	NN	Mikhail read compassion , sadness , exhaustion , and something else .
te	NNS	It 's got four bedrooms and a nursery already set up from when my sister lived there . "
te	NN	But to request the aide of Fey when she cannot protect this precious piece herself got me thinking .
te	NNS	" How many tenants are in there ? "
te	NNS	We have some substandard bus seats which will do very nicely , cut down into sections you wouldn 't be able to spot the difference .
te	NNS	" Tell him I 'll be there in five minutes , ten tops , " he grumbled loudly .
te	NN	Perhaps we should have retained his service until after we inspect the building . "
te	NN	Most women want a career at the expense of family life .
te	NN	What kind of man could resist a declaration like that ?
te	NNS	If they 've sentries , we can 't wander around the grounds . "
te	NN	She lashed out , not the slightest wobble in her voice .
te	NN	He eyed the disarray of white furs and shells .
te	NNS	He pulled out two Styrofoam containers with aluminum foil bundles inside .
te	NNS	Chapter 29 Katarina Bishop didn 't like dresses .
te	NN	" The name doesn 't ring a bell . "
te	NNS	Griffin brushed wetness away from his face .
te	NN	Hank nodded his approval .
te	NNS	Less than two hundred feet away , Scott was pacing the gates , his eyes sweeping the crush of bodies pouring in and out of the gates .
te	NN	Dick read the cue .
te	NN	Not only had he gotten Clara into his bed before the allotted time , he 'd also found his mate .
te	NNS	Of hit all was changed , I perceived the colors , the sounds and the odors in completely different way .
te	NN	My voice , cracking with emotion , carried the purity of truth with it .
te	NN	Darcy felt the tingle all the way to her toes .
te	NN	He took a handkerchief and cleaned my mouth just like the way he had in the banquet .
te	NNS	Taking photos to prove Christianity ? "
te	NNS	She traced the dimples around his mouth lovingly with her finger .
te	NNS	- Are we taking any photos ?
te	NNS	The guy stood motionless as Emma walked through the yard .
te	NNS	As soon as I was visible around the house , the two men by the truck raised their rifles .
te	NN	The Protectors take their vows seriously , and loyalty is a valued trait for any Protector to have .
te	NNS	Alexia had removed her gloves for parasol examination and was gripping him reflexively with one bare hand .
te	NNS	As she looked closer , she recognized his father 's initials .
te	NN	Gabriel nodded his concession .
te	NNS	Soon enough you 'll have lots of technicians cracking encryption as I just did . "
te	NNS	" Mama , this gown cost almost six hundred pounds !
te	NNS	Marcus I 'd seen glimpses of Will ow at the bar .
te	NNS	He 's wearing these socks with smiley faces on them .
te	NN	I didn 't remember autumn foliage .
te	NN	But Rome 's assumption that he practiced as a Dom punched his gut .
te	NN	Right then , I didn 't have no clue what I wanted , so it worked fine .
te	NN	We 'd spent the majority of the weekend together .
te	NNS	Rebecca could feel the tips of her ears turn red .
te	NN	Wayne stirred the chicken around in the bowl with the marinade and rinsed his hands in the sink .
te	NN	It held a small salad of cheese , nuts , some green leafy vegetable and a delightfully refreshing sauce .
te	NNS	" Well , you 'll always have the photos to remember it by . "
te	NNS	When I leave C " My mutton will give no cramps to your belly , Robeson . "
te	NNS	I opened my wings to their full length and caught the air beneath them , propelling me further into the air .
te	NNS	She has lots of connections , probably more than even the Elder Council knows .
te	NN	It 's all giving me a headache .
te	NNS	Pemberley to Waterloo Can their love withstand the trials of war ?
te	NNS	Afterward , Gayle made threats that sounded like she might try to steal the baby from the new family .
te	NN	He extracts a small envelope from the cubby and pulls a stack of photos from it .
te	NN	Jake felt a moment 's disbelief , then a crushing disappointment .
te	NNS	That does raise some interesting possibilities , then . "
te	NN	She sat with her girl by the fire , wrapped a wide shawl around them both .
te	NNS	She would miss the bright colors and liberated feeling that it gave her .
te	NN	I asked the soldier who stood before me .
te	NN	" I 'd like a receipt , please . "
te	NNS	" Are there splinter groups ? "
te	NNS	' Cunning , ' said Abbas .
te	NN	If you have to keep showing up here , wear a tuxedo . "
te	NN	He raised his axe and said , " Quit it or I 'll cut your legs out from under you . "
te	NN	Skye crossed her arms , fairly dancing with energy .
te	NNS	I could hear the hounds baying in the distance .
te	NNS	No faded wounds or blemishes .
te	NNS	I bought bookshelves last weekend and an outrageously expensive coffee station the week before that .
te	NN	None of the brothers had known such luxury .
te	NN	I can 't take my aunt or a teacher -- " I paused , realizing who was left .
te	NNS	" The exclusive agency sent me photos in case you were particular about what the surrogate would look like .
te	NNS	He had given her many tips and many remedies from the mountain 's herbs that would be used later for the benefit of her patients .
te	NN	Proudly , Nina tapped the notebook in front of her .
te	NN	Oxford is breaking its commitment to the welfare of its female students , and we can 't just stand idly by and let them . "
te	NN	The strength and bit of domination gave me a dark thrill .
te	NN	He took up a large bowl of hot steaming liquid that the other one handed to him and he drank it down .
te	NNS	Darcy was shocked speechless .
te	NNS	" Now wipe your chin , you 've got sucky ass spaghetti sauce all over it . "
te	NN	Persephone gingerly retrieved the mask .
te	NN	I pedaled up the driveway and leaned the Schwinn against a small gate .
te	NNS	Only then does he notice that much of her body is exposed , the lace only hiding the most private parts .
te	NNS	" Bad tactics in a security operation .
te	NN	The detective took a tiny notebook out of his breast pocket and flipped it open .
te	NNS	Chapter Three Rick smoothed back the strands of strawberry blonde hair from her face and watched her sleep .
te	NNS	Socks and Daisy put up a token fuss for not being included , but soon ignored us when I tossed them each a thin carrot .
te	NNS	None of them had shown such tendencies towards alternate personalities until this whole mess began .
te	NNS	" You better pay your respects to the crown you swine or you will be beheaded on this spot !
te	NN	His voice had gone sullen .
te	NN	Jace gave a little chuckle .
te	NN	He slipped out a starch white envelope , broke the seal and flicked the paper open .
te	NN	She imagined the spacecraft that she and her agency were constructing .
te	NNS	Oh , what you mean , like snacks .
te	NN	He didn 't have the slightest clue how to handle them .
te	NN	Windows line the entire upper portion all the way around , blanketing the floor with light .
te	NNS	I haven 't included any new entries lately - I 've been too busy - but when I do , I 'll exercise due discretion . "
te	NNS	Like Faye , Cassie was thinking grimly .
te	NNS	You cannot behold the events that we in our generation did without being much changed .
te	NN	When the intruder withdrew , Ryan eyed her intently .
te	NNS	You can 't just throw your responsibilities out the window . "
te	NN	" Well , if my friends and I are not studying , we 'll watch television or something . "
te	NN	She splashed her beam across the walls and ceiling .
te	NN	Patty had had a terrible background .
te	NN	He had a goose egg on the right side of his head , near the temple .
te	NN	I have received a copy of the release letter from the Veal Timber Mill .
te	NNS	Donate those old tools to the historical museum or something .
te	NN	Todd waved goodbye , yanked on the starter cord and fired up his mower .
te	NN	Mom stepped back a fraction , seemed confused as she searched Maggie for discomfort .
te	NNS	" The computer helps the gates to align themselves properly . "
te	NN	Linda had typed the address of where they were living .
te	NNS	To one side of the small clearing an old root system thrust up new shoots from a hewn stump .
te	NNS	Not paying any attention to the person that entered , he was pushing the buttons of a small rectangular device in his hands .
te	NNS	He caught her apron strings .
te	NNS	He had bags under his eyes and a gray tinge to his skin that made Ethan suspect he wasn 't entirely well .
te	NNS	Over Gabriel 's head a large tree branch cracked ominously and plummeted to earth .
te	NN	If the situation wasn 't so dire , she 'd like some popcorn to go along with the show .
te	NNS	" Who can 't make eggs ? "
te	NN	Danny can hear his father chuckle in the background .
te	NNS	I would grab socks on the way out .
te	NNS	I know all your dirty little secrets , remember ? "
te	NNS	Lucas , Vivienne and the other woman present in the hall exchanged uncomfortable glances .
te	NNS	And that we obtain convictions , and you go off to prison for a few years .
te	NNS	Soon Sky and Jeff were deep in conversation , discussing tactics and cheats for a game Claire barely understood .
te	NNS	" Sounds to me like this is another of your rush job love affairs . "
te	NNS	They have good burgers . "
te	NNS	I easily passed the tests to get into the police .
te	NN	He held the garment in his teeth while he considered the best tactics to use .
te	NN	She kept her cool , maneuvering as though she thought she might steer out of Mira 's trap eventually , but her partner had no such patience .
te	NN	Damen was holding a vibrator .
te	NN	Celeste had checked the Internet about pelicans and found out that this meant she was probably nearing her third year .
te	NNS	The guys exchanged glances and it was obvious they had no idea what she was talking about .
te	NNS	But these days Darlene used Gran 's recipes and did most of the cooking at the restaurant .
te	NNS	The moon was hanging motionless over the mountains .
te	NNS	We had wonderful adventures ... " Her face softened for a moment , as if she 'd forgotten where she was .
te	NNS	In the distance , they heard explosions and aircraft .
te	NNS	Now she was ripping the bandages off his wounds , making the blood flow anew , when Hart didn 't want to feel anything ever again .
te	NN	" You want that pie now ? "
te	NN	Has anyone ever guessed the riddle ? '
te	NN	Mommie Dearest had an affair , after all .
te	NN	I heard a buzz , turning my head I could see a type of generator that seemed to provide power to the whole camp .
te	NNS	They 'd taken great pains in designing a compound that was safe not only from human attack but from the elements as well .
te	NN	I grabbed the guitar from him with a short " Thanks , " and took the seat that he had been sitting in .
te	NNS	When they returned to their villages , thieves had stolen their possessions .
te	NNS	She had spent decades being abused and tormented , only to finally find escape in death .
te	NNS	At the moment we can 't rule out any options .
te	NN	I 'll do a simple healing on it , which will help with the pain and then give you a poultice .
te	NNS	She shifted her long limbs under the sheets uncomfortably .
te	NNS	She batted her eyelids .
te	NNS	" I did not know Americans worried about such things . "
te	NNS	It was like lifting lead weights -- there was nothing I could do .
te	NN	Becca popped the clutch and pressed the gas pedal to the floor .
te	NN	" I 'm not going swimming . "
te	NN	You confiscated my license and called the police to check on me . "
te	NN	Lousy phone service if you ask me .
te	NNS	As they flashed by , Gregor could see their expressions ranged from amusement to outright hostility .
te	NN	" She has a big crush on the pilot .
te	NN	" You sold another Wentworth property ? "
te	NNS	Even I 'll admit you seem like the natural person to take charge ' round these parts . "
te	NNS	If I close my eyes , I could find all his scars with my fingertips .
te	NN	" Sal got a speeding ticket ?
te	NNS	She was lifting and separating flower petals between her fingers , leaning back to gaze at their arrangement critically .
te	NNS	" Dad 's grilling burgers again and you know how Uncle Sal gets when someone takes over the grill ! "
te	NN	Jazmine stirred the chili with her back to Shana .
te	NNS	The four we could see had all snagged zombies .
te	NN	At the break , Sam set his guitar in its stand and headed inside .
te	NNS	They both exchanged glances , took a few steps back and began whispering .
te	NNS	Through the powder , her face colors , and she covers her mouth with her hand .
te	NN	They were living an idyllic , peaceful existence .
te	NN	Blue felt a little lurch at that .
te	NN	We both have clearance to be here . "
te	NNS	She employed similar tactics to drive those she didn 't approve of away from Haidar and me .
te	NN	" Oh , and Ty sprained his ankle .
te	NNS	As a result , I make bad choices . '
te	NN	looking around the carriage ... take their chances , themselves ... Bet Now ?
te	NNS	" Cut the bridges !
te	NN	" Ever watch a turtle that has pulled into its shell ? "
te	NN	I also noted the gash on his cheekbone from the hit he took earlier at the club .
te	NNS	I do not condone the acts of these girls , nor do I condone the act of my crew against our passengers .
te	NNS	Jase pulled two suitcases and a shoulder bag out of the back seat and turned .
te	NNS	His dark eyes scanned the tables until he found Rema .
te	NNS	" She shared her wounds . "
te	NN	We drove a mile down Highway 119 and then merged onto I-65 northbound , heading toward the accident scene and Vine Station .
te	NN	Rocks and sticks littered the shore .
te	NN	He was absently tracing the curve of her lower back .
te	NNS	He tucked the tips of his fingers into his pockets .
te	NNS	What kind of bridal shop had pink dresses ?
te	NNS	These towers , as I will call them from now on , will draw maps of what is going on in their allocated patch .
te	NNS	A cab , he thought grimly .
te	NNS	Maybe he was just feeling the effects of all that drinking .
te	NNS	She rained kisses over his lips and face , her reaction everything he could have hoped for and more .
te	NN	" I didn 't see Grandpa 's grave .
te	NN	He shredded the feeble defense with ease and sent a cord down the handle before the farmer pulled away .
te	NN	Without thinking twice , I swung the axe at the man 's neck decapitating him .
te	NN	But for the moment , Putin had successfully contained the scandal .
te	NNS	That takes some guts and confidence in your own vibes . "
te	NN	I removed my glove , gave it a farewell pat , then handed it over to the Russians .
te	NNS	He had bruised streaks under his eyes too .
te	NNS	She scanned the pertinent entries , noting names , and hurried back down to the lower laboratories , this time heading for her father 's office .
te	NN	He taps the tip of his pen against his dark pink lips as if it would help .
te	NNS	The night shadows from the trees cast the graves in black , obscuring them .
te	NN	Oakes held the fabric of his suit away from his body .
te	NNS	" Would you take over the scouts ?
te	NNS	' And about time , too , ' Trent said grimly .
te	NNS	So he was changing tactics .
te	NNS	He casually undid the buttons of his short sleeve shirt and pulled it open .
te	NNS	The mic sensor only picks up my vocal cord vibrations . "
te	NNS	She trailed downwards , hands on the walls since there were no guard rails .
te	NNS	Many had heard the rumors and expressed concern for her safety .
te	NNS	All she did was cast Hiro terrified glances .
te	NN	She gave an audible gasp .
te	NN	We rounded a curve and I gasped at the mansion that appeared before us .
te	NNS	He shrugged and picked up some weights .
te	NN	" You don 't like nursing ? "
te	NNS	" Like I said , Christopher , I have theories , nothing more . "
te	NNS	" Can you put my bags in the van ? "
te	NNS	The Crow lifted his wings in a way that perfectly mimicked a shrug .
te	NN	I need the power boost . "
te	NNS	" Everybody has a few bad habits . "
te	NNS	I already have three potential buyers in line for the parts to the factory . "
te	NNS	Could I push aside my insecurities and be the heroine that my dad needed me to be ?
te	NN	" Since it is a guest room , you have your own en suite .
te	NN	The fear in her voice caused a chill to dance its way down Darren 's spine .
te	NNS	" Who 's mashing the potatoes ?
te	NN	He gripped the chain and shifted sideways to see Carrie more clearly .
te	NNS	You make your own decisions now .
te	NN	" Force a wrongful hunt and it will come back on you . "
te	NNS	We moved the counters from the waiting room inside it and there are usually two or three people working at it .
te	NNS	" How many wives does the guy have ? "
te	NNS	We have heard all kinds of rumors about this and we cannot find any rhymes or reasons to them .
te	NN	" I have no clue .
te	NN	They were making better progress , as the traffic thinned .
te	NNS	They each have their quirks and specialties , but move around enough and they all start to feel the same .
te	NNS	He yelled over the shouts and screams throughout the house .
te	NNS	I can deadlift 105 pounds .
te	NNS	So for that , Hemp suggested the spinning vents that are typically mounted over the attic of a home .
te	NN	And , most of all , for the chance to hold a miracle in her arms .
te	NNS	The happy couple each held out their own flutes for the other to drink .
te	NN	He timed his approach with precision , aiming for the small clearing his prey was moving toward .
te	NN	I demand a recount !
te	NN	" Word of the missing artifact has hit the underworld .
te	NN	You must never commit a crime against another Shadowhunter .
te	NNS	The products get rave reviews , and the business is growing like crazy .
te	NN	She could hear its voice beating to her through the air , but only faintly .
te	NNS	As the last of the covers disappeared she pointed her toes .
te	NN	" I saw her birth certificate .
te	NN	Lothar clutched the harness 's buckle that went over his lap .
te	NNS	Only a few more degrees , and she 'd see Emily and Isaac .
te	NN	She repeated the mantra in her head slowly as she stared at the soul .
te	NN	I took the liberty of taking them on pro tern for the time being , seeing as I 'm Acting Postmaster .
te	NNS	A base has maps and secret entrances and a table with little versions of us to move around . "
te	NNS	Alec had hyper reflexes and she was built like a tank .
te	NN	" We 're having a sleepover at my house . "
te	NNS	You even changed your laws .
te	NN	Again , he had left her a generous tip .
te	NN	Besides , he liked his den .
te	NNS	The remaining soldiers in the group have their guns pointed at the kneeling soldiers .
te	NNS	' We 'll need posters because the promoter 's expecting at least twenty people . '
te	NNS	" We 'd better stop and get some markers , too .
te	NNS	Either Vlad had lots of his own money or he had friends in high places .
te	NN	If I bolt now , I 'll cause a commotion , draw more attention to myself . "
te	NN	He never wears a cloak .
te	NNS	Helena found his outfit pretentious .
te	NNS	Why don 't you cut all your associates back to forty hours a week so they can spend more time with their families ?
te	NNS	" Can I fluff your pillows or something to make you feel more comfortable ? "
te	NNS	Bethany and Joe exchanged glances .
te	NN	She gave a small bow of her head .
te	NNS	His hands roamed the contours of her back ... then lower .
te	NN	He took a handkerchief out of his pocket and mopped up the blood ; the cut had already closed .
te	NNS	" Did he put some boobs on me or something ? "
te	NN	We climbed down a metal ladder and descended into murky darkness .
te	NNS	" I know , " Elena said grimly .
te	NNS	Resting one hand on the wall , he spread his wings to give them some privacy .
te	NN	Certainly Sydney isn 't - no offense .
te	NN	She doesn 't need some massive gaggle of troops guarding her right now .
te	NNS	They probably called the cops .
te	NNS	He twisted screws and removed the back cover panel of the computer .
te	NNS	If only more people paid their guests such attention ... Special attention for a special woman .
te	NNS	With the first sound of her voice , he had seen colors .
te	NN	He enjoyed bowling , but something told him tonight 's game would be the best he 'd ever experienced .
te	NN	Lauren closed her notebook .
te	NN	The birds and insects do not resume their noisy , early-morning chatter .
te	NN	Jasper kinda liked her stutter .
te	NNS	It has all the properties of armor but it feels like skin should feel . "
te	NN	Danica felt the pulse of their hearts in the space between them .
te	NNS	" Just the good parts . "
te	NNS	" Dance with me , Dream Eyes ? "
te	NNS	" But we haven 't got any tickets ! "
te	NN	Colin had deliberately chosen a different air taxi service because he 'd wanted to surprise Luna .
te	NN	Ruby howled a chorus of denial and protection but the Twelve would not be moved .
te	NN	She tossed the bloody garment in the sink .
te	NN	" In me own mind , Mr. Douglas , I haven 't got a clue .
te	NNS	However , for thirty-one years , Gregor and Yuri had taken great pains to live the charade of a human life .
te	NN	One The dead diver was wedged like a bone in the stone throat of the underwater cave they called the Monster .
te	NNS	To know thy enemies .
te	NN	Don 't tease the psychotic tiger .
te	NN	Everyone had found a partner , and everyone was waiting for the first turn .
te	NNS	" Oh , stop that , " she told the mountains irritably .
te	NN	Through the blindfold , I see a small LED beam staring at me .
te	NNS	" As a matter of fact , I have some elevation illustrations with me .
te	NNS	They leveled their guns at Jeremiah as Lucas spoke into the radio again .
te	NN	" Thought it 'd make a nice pet .
te	NN	I loose my furtive grasp on the waking world as the pain drowns out everything else .
te	NN	I don 't have a television . "
te	NN	I drop the COMM device into my life and swallow past the lump in my throat .
te	NNS	" He couldn 't smear his opponents without making himself look very , very bad .
te	NNS	It attempted no killing blows on me and merely kept trying to get a hold of me as I fired and began the banishing words .
te	NN	The waiter put a delicate salad in front of her , giving her another opportunity to let her gaze wander around the room .
te	NNS	" That 's the problem , " Richard said grimly .
te	NN	He loved her innocence and her devotion towards him .
te	NN	He maneuvered the Porsche perfectly to slide just outside of the truck with two wheels balancing on the outside curb .
te	NN	She didn 't even see Sebastian approach .
te	NNS	As illegals , they have no safe options .
te	NNS	I made all the wrong choices . "
te	NN	I 'd once spent an entire century in a bubble bath .
te	NN	" They were stolen property and couldn 't be counted as spoils . "
te	NNS	Jimmy pressed a few more buttons and continued frowning .
te	NN	She didn 't eat meat .
te	NN	" She really doesn 't like the library .
te	NNS	You saw the results of that .
te	NN	When Charlie and Kate got home he booted up his laptop and navigated to the New Vistas site , quickly bringing up Hamilton 's picture .
te	NN	She had no clue about how to make a sword and even less about how to use it .
te	NN	Alissa grabbed my laptop and sat down on the floor , motioning for me to sit down next to her .
te	NN	Colin took a swallow of his whisky .
te	NNS	" So the United Nations seriously has assassins ? "
te	NNS	We 'd both been retrieving our drums from the trunk of his car .
te	NN	I gently set the flask at the edge of the fire and prayed that the goddess accept my offering .
te	NN	Right before the night swallowed everything below , I saw Roth flicker out of existence .
te	NN	I 've protected your identity , but the day may soon arrive when great demands are made of you .
te	NNS	Sam had seen her , met her , joined her , coerced into the secret cult , the Friends of Willow .
te	NN	I had them chip at the barrier , just at one spot in particular .
te	NNS	If they weren 't terrifying monsters , I 'd pity the beasts .
te	NNS	He only saw brief glimpses of exploding dunes of sand , and metal breaking beneath his fist .
te	NN	He severed an artery , and blood pumped out , arching several feet into the air .
te	NNS	The guards lowered their swords , and Rema 's shoulders relaxed .
te	NNS	While the woman speaks she takes the opportunity to acquaint herself with table , charts , equipment , brushing her fingertips over the naked lightbulb .
te	NNS	" Female werewolves mark their mates with a bite there .
te	NNS	His faint echo moves closer to me .
te	NN	" Who refused the contract ? "
te	NNS	He dumped his bags on the bedroom floor to sort through his new things .
te	NNS	" You 're telling me someone 's sent assassins underground ?
te	NN	Then she felt sweat pop up on her forehead .
te	NNS	Sure , Lucas is making these choices for a reason .
te	NNS	You 've made some shit choices , Megan , but this tops the goddamn list ! "
te	NN	Simply out of basic need , all creatures figure out their own technique .
te	NN	He downed another potion quickly before running straight at the giant , slashing wildly many times and scoring several hits .
te	NNS	We get the same five drunks here every day , and about half the golfers of last summer . "
te	NN	I turn off the television , and Neil 's vibrato shakes the floor .
te	NNS	The winter weather has eroded many spots along the trail , so twisted ankles and broken legs are always a concern .
te	NN	Sylvan , though , took a different approach .
te	NN	He touched her breast gently .
te	NNS	With every step she took , he caught glimpses of satin skin .
te	NNS	He imagined the slithery creatures hiding under forest vegetation that could bite him .
te	NNS	Making another incision , he readied both guns in their slots .
te	NN	Ask the good captain to come .
te	NN	I lost my emergency kit , but gained a bag of magical potions and an invisibility glove .
te	NNS	" I don 't do relationships anymore .
te	NNS	All of them lifted weights and were over six foot .
te	NN	" Plus , I already have my license , so it 's a no brainer . "
te	NN	Sandra grabbed her notebook and starting scribbling as the man told his story .
te	NN	Lions rule the jungle ! "
te	NNS	The second largest package contained the rounds for the rifle , as well as those for the handguns .
te	NN	What had wrought such a miracle ?
te	NN	You 've completed recognition . "
te	NNS	He switched gears , and tried to recall his sins against History and Order , so he could repent of them .
te	NNS	The original settlers found the caves and expanded them .
te	NN	Servants , you may bring us bread and wine , and then leave us to ourselves . "
te	NNS	That tight adornment of curls teased his mouth before his tongue parted her depths .
te	NN	' Delicious , ' said the younger rat .
te	NNS	" You 've got two choices .
te	NN	" They bleed their meat to make it halal .
te	NN	Showing off for the kids was harder than actually fighting crime .
te	NNS	On the muted TV Santa Claus delivered pizzas in his sleigh , the phone number for a regional pizza chain painted on the side .
te	NNS	I had no qualms about asking her to borrow a car , because I didn 't want Kat to hoof it into Vegas .
te	NNS	He can play his sick games with some other girl .
te	NN	She could live a century .
te	NNS	Chapter 31 Skye and I each hold two rolls of toilet paper and stare at the gated fence of Xander 's house .
te	NNS	Charles had changed moods considerably .
te	NN	Luckily , we hid the compartment with the piano wire perfectly into the dark leather stitching of the case .
te	NN	" I saw somebody with her .
te	NN	After checking out of the hotel , Joey took the hotel 's shuttle service to the airport , where he caught the next flight to Houston .
te	NN	" Don 't schools do therapy for that ? "
te	NN	We can burn the gas , waste the time , and save a few bucks or we can stop at the convenience store here in town .
te	NN	" My uncle hasn 't made an official statement .
te	NN	The disciple makes the same vow as the mentor , with all his heart and all his life .
te	NN	It would simply lack the extravagant wealth required to run humane prisons .
te	NN	He put the loaded pipe into his mouth and set a match to it .
te	NN	I could have driven the baron and his knights off without ever revealing myself , but I 'd lost my temper .
te	NNS	- " Of course Miss Christensen , I can just destroy the pills and forget about the fingerprints , of course !
te	NN	Once inside , she tucked the lavender in her hair and set the glass down on one of the many wooden tables .
te	NNS	" Want some cookies ? "
te	NNS	Make some decisions . "
te	NNS	Traveling through the maze of hallways with more light this time , Rema caught glimpses of the other cells .
te	NN	" He just called me a swamp rat . "
te	NN	She deliberately lowered her mask so you would see her . "
te	NNS	All stations had individuals in white lab smocks standing guard .
te	NNS	I never had guns at home .
te	NNS	They played stupid power games to show their opponents that they were more important .
te	NNS	We should leave the lovebirds alone , girls . "
te	NNS	" Until they steal your food , " said Horus , making sure the rest were gone before collecting his scattered arrows .
te	NNS	" Then that fulfils the criteria of exactly what I was enquiring about . "
te	NN	" I trust your judgment .
te	NN	The co-pilot radios the air strip , " Get the plane ready for transport to the island .
te	NN	" No , but your name has come up a bunch of times . "
te	NNS	" You mentioned records .
te	NN	Della spotted another vamp coming out from the trees right at them .
te	NNS	One punch from Torin sent Andris in the air and across a hood into some poor student 's windshield .
te	NN	Bruce takes another gulp of his lager .
te	NN	Nathan finished his cigar , took his leave of Harold and Bobby , and walked the perimeter .
te	NN	I hadn 't understood the contempt she 'd hidden from Jace and only shown me when no one was looking ... until that day on the beach .
te	NN	He has no mate , correct ? "
te	NN	And I felt it again , a glimmer of what I 'd seen in his eyes earlier .
te	NN	Ring a bell first ? "
te	NN	Water like black ink .
te	NN	Instead , she gave a loud sniff and a limp smile as he wound his arms around her waist and drew her to him .
te	NNS	The confident mask he wore talking to the kids had tiny cracks if you knew to look for them .
te	NNS	I see possibilities . "
te	NN	" You lying bastard .
te	NN	Sending those photos did the trick . '
te	NNS	" I know certain possibilities , because I 've been watching your life , but only you can make them happen .
te	NNS	Captain Osiris asked Atticus .
te	NNS	She extended her wings to take off .
te	NN	They stuffed one scarf into a hat and pulled out a whole string of them in many different colors .
te	NNS	If they had been at his parents ' house in Passage , they would have had fresh potatoes from the garden and mashed them all up .
te	NN	Reese rang the doorbell and together they stood on the steps and waited .
te	NNS	He sounded irritated again , and she guessed that this time it was because he knew exactly what she was talking about .
te	NN	He saw her struggle with an answer .
te	NN	She wanted the baker to enjoy it so that her bread supply would be ensured .
te	NNS	He pulled out two Kevlar reinforced , bullet protection vests , and ran back to the bridge .
te	NN	Despite her innocent face , Tiberius could see the twinkling wit in her eyes .
te	NNS	She even liked their fights which was ridiculous .
te	NNS	But as you most likely have guessed , I did not examine the minute ripples that were sent out from that single event .
te	NN	Roger had the grace to look contrite .
te	NNS	" As I recall , Jason fought skeletons .
te	NN	He put the pipe on the table and sat with a thoughtful face .
te	NNS	Do your joints hurt ? "
te	NN	Miller had a torch with him , and slipped the binoculars from the car in his other pocket , as well .
te	NNS	I 'd read all the warnings , and I knew it would probably cause more harm than good .
te	NNS	They were both clutching their phones .
te	NN	Tom put the clipboard down decisively .
te	NNS	" Give me your phones again .
te	NN	" Right now , us being together jeopardizes the agency .
te	NN	The beast gives an unapologetic snarl in my direction .
te	NNS	Outside the room he could hear the night creatures stirring .
te	NNS	Mysteries unfurled themselves for her like flowers and revealed to her their quiet centers .
te	NN	Ashlyn picked up the string of condom packages sitting on my bed .
te	NNS	She and Richard both had their faults , but they 'd created a good life together .
te	NN	With a huff of annoyance , Elena picked the goblet up off the floor and set it on the table .
te	NN	Better yet , leave the Sheriff and come with me .
te	NNS	Most dogs hated baths , but for some reason , Runner loved them .
te	NNS	We don 't have any official records past twenty years ago ; the ones we found in the system are forged .
te	NN	He then waved goodbye and stepped out into the night .
te	NN	Cole stifled a chuckle .
te	NNS	Each of his lieutenants had also built their own bolt holes using previously blocked off alcoves .
te	NNS	Different teachers use different approaches in teaching and in dealing with their students .
te	NNS	So did the trolls .
te	NN	We approached your government with just such a proposition that we be allowed to co-exist among you . "
te	NN	Randy appreciated the path the moonlight made , as if you could walk on it to the eastern horizon .
te	NN	She also had a stack of papers I hoped were resumes that she handed me .
te	NN	They reintroduced slavery and used their superior technology to begin building an empire .
te	NN	She recognized the majority of the papers , but seeing them all out on display made her happy .
te	NN	I collect a stack of jeans in my arms and turn for the dresser .
te	NN	She wasn 't wearing a seat belt .
te	NN	" I got a contract for another shipment instead .
te	NNS	" I can 't command the laws of nature .
te	NN	I 'll get to the bottom of this , I 'll raid every library for answers if I can 't get any answers for my parents .
te	NN	Irritated , Jacqueline took the egg carton from the door and grabbed a cube of Monterey Jack cheese .
te	NNS	' But you have your bags packed to move ? '
te	NNS	His eyes scanned his living quarters and he realised how comfortable and bright they actually were .
te	NNS	We ´ re their guests .
te	NN	I blame the newspaper .
te	NNS	After they got off the tiny elevator , the driver put her suitcases in the empty waiting room .
te	NNS	We just had lots of intense discussions .
te	NNS	Surfacing , Calvin faced painted toes .
te	NNS	Even worse , our children will never know their grandparents or their aunt , and that , to us , is heartbreaking .
te	NN	" You can 't trust everybody in the world , there are fakers and fools out there , but Isaac will always take care of us . "
te	NNS	" We will always have enemies .
te	NNS	The Others controlled all the natural resources , thereby deciding what would and wouldn 't be made in their part of the world .
te	NN	" Now , what I need from you is to make sure we can have access to the lighthouse for tomorrow night .
te	NN	Cutting open a chicken and reading the entrails gave just as accurate a forecast as Debbi with an ' I ' did .
te	NN	She knew his routine ; he generally ordered roses at the beginning of a relationship and again close to the end .
te	NNS	The tourists on board were waving their goodbyes to the island .
te	NNS	Kings made mistakes , sure .
te	NNS	Her laughter had healing properties .
te	NN	I didn 't want the lute to get wet .
te	NNS	" Your brother probably stuck those panties in my truck .
te	NN	In an alcove at the far side , Pollux smacks a ladder with his hand and points up the shaft .
te	NN	Kaitlyn flipped a coin and it came up heads .
te	NN	We simply used an approach that he didn 't expect . "
te	NNS	" I have a question , " Allison said loudly .
te	NN	One of the teachers was probably blowing a whistle to go back inside about now .
te	NNS	" Oh , around , " Emma answered vaguely .
te	NN	The darkness had found its target and shattered the ground bellow .
te	NN	Daemon pulled a sub out of his bag .
te	NN	I sipped and lifted the newspaper , stuck my head in .
te	NNS	He 'd heard the rumors about Jonas Quarrel , and he 'd wanted to learn the truth .
te	NNS	Half the wardrobe held her dresses and shoes .
te	NN	" You 've got a total of twenty six slaves .
te	NN	Shana signed the clipboard and yanked the tab at the end of the box .
te	NN	She returned the embrace .
te	NN	Paul helped her hobble to her hammock and she lay down , stretching out , trying to relax .
te	NN	I found one bone .
te	NN	What thrill is that ?
te	NN	I noticed her visual exchange with Jason .
te	NN	It takes a pretty smart cookie to move somewhere THIS beautiful .
te	NN	He 's got maybe twice your muscle mass . "
te	NNS	Although the details were obscured , he could still clearly see shapes and some texture in the dark .
te	NN	We kept a running total , and over the years my profits finally began to overcome my losses .
te	NN	" Sir I mean no disrespect , but are you feeling well ?
te	NN	He held the bow .
te	NN	Why do they have a huge library ?
te	NNS	She knows their secrets , and she turns them to her advantage .
te	NN	Kaza learned that trick on his own ; he is quite an intelligent creature .
te	NN	I felt a vibration from her reach out to me and pull me toward her so I calmly turned around and said hello .
te	NN	You have clearance to see Steve at any hour .
te	NN	Nash finally reached his destination and headed inside .
te	NN	And if they have any smarts , they 'll have all split up , which is going to make finding them that much harder . "
te	NNS	" You have more guts than me .
te	NN	His gaze leapt to her face .
te	NN	" Imaginary companion disorder . "
te	NN	He tucked a stack of pillows behind her before ordering her to lie back , and then he stuck a few more under her feet .
te	NNS	Folks need their baked goods , and heaven knows we need the money .
te	NNS	" Would you like fries with that , Rick ? "
te	NNS	He filled up two plastic flutes and tapped his glass to mine .
te	NN	Jamie waited for him , then together , along with Robin in Robert 's one arm , they approached the open grave .
te	NNS	He showed my acts in front of everybody when gathered .
te	NNS	Several more sailors suffered terrible blows from the flailing oars , and a couple of them fell unconscious onto the deck .
te	NN	Judson watched her intently .
te	NNS	They were discussing their theories on reincarnation and Howie decided to join them .
te	NN	Over instant coffee with powdered creamer , Clay explained the contract for his services and answered their questions about the litigation .
te	NN	" Sounds like a challenge . "
te	NNS	Team members working in the field aren 't allowed to have ... physical relationships . "
te	NNS	It 's like seeing shapes in clouds sometimes . "
te	NNS	Planet Mercian has two moons containing nothing but colored in pink dust .
te	NN	Lydia saw the disapproval and said " Bad idea , huh . "
te	NN	I sure needed some cash .
te	NNS	On display before them was a way of life that had absolutely no concerns other than how much profit was being made .
te	NNS	Red cushioned seats bordered tables on each side .
te	NN	I threw my axe off the back of his head .
te	NN	I need your opinion on this photo to run with your piece . "
te	NNS	My mom grows lilies .
te	NN	He shifted the bulky automatic rifle slung over his shoulder and looked at his wrist , pretending to read the time from a nonexistent watch .
te	NN	' Why do you have the symbol ?
te	NNS	Her grandmother snapped the peas apart , her movements more frenetic than before .
te	NN	A ref blew his whistle , and the two teams ran back to their benches to talk to the coaches before the game started .
te	NNS	Aunt Mary had cleaned out her cabinets to give him enough dishes to get by until he could afford his own .
te	NNS	Ordinarily , we killed killers using their own weapons against them .
te	NNS	They bumped their phones and their contact details were transferred .
te	NNS	" And you have your karate moves or whatever the hell they are .
te	NN	Chrissie murmured a polite hello , but Carolyn saw the speculative look on her face .
te	NNS	Come out now , before I call the cops . "
te	NN	And why the hell don 't you get your driveway fixed ? "
te	NN	Dallas ignored her sarcasm and pushed open the door to a large , square space .
te	NNS	A smirk curled the corners of Jacob 's lips .
te	NNS	Even in the most unlikely event that Barrett kept a gun in his office , the killer getting at it would have left traces of a struggle .
te	NN	I like her trajectory .
te	NNS	She passed over the rifles they used for hunting , opting for a classic Smith & Wesson .357 magnum .
te	NN	She brushes his metallic collar with a lingering finger .
te	NNS	But those spears did not slow the creatures for long .
te	NNS	They were , hands down , the best cupcakes in the world .
te	NNS	His black boots have gray skeletons on them and his fingernails are black .
te	NNS	Raise lots of little tigers and think of you from time to time .
te	NN	With my freehand , I open up the wallet and read his driver 's license .
te	NN	I grabbed my clutch and made it to the door before she stopped me .
te	NN	Teri set her mug on the counter and clambered onto the stool directly across from her .
te	NN	" Take Master Rat Hole and find him some new clothing .
te	NN	She gave a dry gasp .
te	NN	" I don 't watch television .
te	NNS	Powell lifted the corners of a few papers on his desk , removed an envelope , and handed it to Talon .
te	NN	I don 't have my license . "
te	NNS	He quivers against me and then stills , still clutching me to his chest .
te	NNS	The Canadians don 't have military posts this far north , do they ? "
te	NN	Ian set the bowl into her cupped palms .
te	NN	Nash asked the housekeeper .
te	NNS	" Imported goods ? "
te	NN	He scanned the property again as if verifying her words .
te	NN	Determined to carry out his plan the following day , Ernest replaced the log poker and rose to his feet .
te	NNS	As prickly as he was , Raphael did not invite embraces .
te	NN	And she rang the bell .
te	NNS	Perhaps this century had its perks after all .
te	NN	He wore a black sweater and dark trousers .
te	NNS	' I made lots of money and spent just as much .
te	NNS	I pulled out the containers of food , trying to keep my voice level .
te	NNS	He evaporated the flying shards before they could hit anyone .
te	NN	" Car run out gas ?
te	NN	I 'll tell his Majesty that I stopped by the next time I see him , though . "
te	NNS	He nearly forgot the decades of betrayal that hardened him against these schemes .
te	NNS	They both had concerned expressions , coffee mugs in hand .
te	NNS	I eye the various colors of liquid .
te	NN	" Mom will have a cow if we 're late . "
te	NN	He 'd tried a similar approach last night and it hadn 't gotten him anywhere , but it was a start .
te	NN	Meg patted her bun and paused to give her an accusing look .
te	NNS	" How do you prefer your eggs , Barnaby ? "
te	NN	I appreciated the sarcasm but I still wanted to punch the dude in the face .
te	NNS	She gripped her elbows .
te	NNS	He fastened the buttons with record speed and scooped the car keys from the dresser .
te	NNS	Going by the deep drawl in his voice I would guess he 's from Louisiana or maybe Georgia .
te	NNS	We 've been expecting some destructive tendencies .
te	NN	He also had a very complicated explanation about how balancing a chicken in a tree was a well-established gentry method of determining gender .
te	NN	She grabbed a spatula and scraped at the mixture .
te	NN	If Veronica was your woman then you wouldn 't be down here training a sub .
te	NN	" But you don 't know the destination unless you know where to put the arrow on the map . "
te	NN	He slid off his stool to pace the floor in his oversized kitchen .
te	NN	I set the envelope back into the secret compartment and placed the bottom board back on top of it .
te	NNS	He felt the shards of shrapnel tearing away at the meat of his wide back .
te	NN	" I won 't hurt your mate , but Stefan and the others will . "
te	NN	Angling the back of the card to catch light streaming through a window , she noticed the same subtle shading that formed a large P .
te	NNS	We 've seen your bank records .
te	NNS	He probably still had relatives there , whom he had never met , trapped in what many considered the world 's largest jail .
te	NNS	The others looked speechless with amazement .
te	NN	" I have a chain in the back .
te	NNS	Look at her , such beauty but also lethal .
te	NNS	Several members of the High Council have offered their seals to Linus .
te	NNS	How many wives have you slept with this year ? "
te	NNS	They would host open mic sessions for whoever wished to speak , and together they would find freedom .
te	NN	" You gave the bouncer at the Masquerade a sample when he stamped your hand . "
te	NN	I asked my landlord to forward all my mail , but I never got anything .
te	NN	I couldn 't hold back the painful sob that came .
te	NN	He led the young captain down and through to a reinforced door at the end .
te	NNS	The book contained the entries of the stolen items being sold .
te	NNS	The abigail quietly and efficiently exchanged the dresses .
te	NN	It was carrying a domestic chicken in its mouth .
te	NN	" When you were a child , your parents gave you stock for your Christmas present ? "
te	NN	Dollop picked up the hose and rammed it through the soil .
te	NN	Maybe Susan would give him a boost and turn things around for him .
te	NNS	I won 't have lords saying that I run short of food or drink before they were surfeit .
te	NN	He rang the bell and waited .
te	NNS	" I have agents working on finding out , though .
te	NN	Billy knew a smattering of the language but not enough to keep up .
te	NNS	Only Tegan tackled other tasks ; she checked the townsfolk over and helped those she could .
te	NN	Did you put a private investigator on my trail ? "
te	NNS	Keeping information from the director of the NRO was like keeping Vatican secrets from the Pope .
te	NNS	" All vampires get given gifts when they turn .
te	NNS	They call sea creatures from the deep to plunder goods from unsuspecting sea travelers .
te	NN	Though I liked the idea of inflicting a bit of innocent pain , then easing away the sting .
te	NNS	We steal simultaneous glances at each other , then quickly look away .
te	NN	Only this time , Ali didn 't take offense .
te	NN	" We read only the Hebrew here in the Holy Land , and do I have to tell anyone why ? "
te	NN	Mac pulled a lever and pointed the shuttle straight up into space .
te	NN	" I don 't like the only explanation I can think of for not being able to connect with him . "
te	NN	She couldn 't even produce illumination to break up the inky blackness surrounding her .
te	NNS	He can 't get fluid past the gas mask vents .
te	NN	Eight 's wearing a red and black T-shirt for something called the Chicago Bulls and a pair of blue jeans .
te	NN	The person on the rooftop was wearing a white mask that only had one hole for the left eye .
te	NN	The t-shirt he wore under his blazer bore a silhouette of Che Guevara 's face .
te	NN	He hadn 't even noticed the vibration as the airship 's huge loading door began to open until the co-pilot remarked on it .
te	NNS	Fixed the piles , so that they were orthogonal to each other on the table .
te	NN	Brown , said the description .
te	NN	The sun , still new to the morning , cast its first golden hue of light through the trees .
te	NN	Shane studied the intercom near the elevator doors .
te	NNS	I have no siblings , unless my father is breeding as we speak .
te	NNS	" How many phones have you got ?
te	NN	Lyall did not stop his nuzzling .
te	NN	She let out a little squeal , then opened her mouth to tell on him again .
te	NN	Give me your stele , and I 'll make a Portal . "
te	NNS	" Didn 't expect to see you here again , detective , " Ezra said loudly .
te	NN	The man had reached the curb only meters away .
te	NNS	" You 're pressing the charges ? "
te	NN	I did not have the grace , or the elegance of a vampire and I completely despised everything they stood for .
te	NNS	What I wore now while getting back in shape was loose exercising outfits .
te	NN	No , Rik preferred the mainland where , if you needed to run , you could go thousands of miles whilst avoiding manned border crossings .
te	NN	They enter another square .
te	NN	" You gave me access to your bank accounts . "
te	NN	If I didn 't somehow control my attention better , I 'd be kissing my scholarship dreams goodbye .
te	NNS	By the way , did you bring any extra strings with you ?
te	NN	" You have it , " " Do I get a tip on how to keep you out ? "
te	NN	She still felt a little queasy after being transported so swiftly from her cabin in Lake Tahoe to the Carpathian Fortress .
te	NNS	" Okay , play your games . "
te	NN	I couldn 't help but pipe up .
te	NNS	Colonel Adani pressed his fingertips together .
te	NNS	To plant spies in our midst . "
te	NN	Grace dismissed his praise with a shake of her head .
te	NN	Both of you hated the Final Empire , and fought it .
te	NNS	The wall had no ladders , no handholds .
te	NN	He eventually won a judgment against them , which came in just in time .
te	NN	You don 't have a clue about what I dream at night or what I think of our baseball team .
te	NN	" Does anyone else besides you have access to this place ? "
te	NNS	You probably have enemies . "
te	NNS	Her voice was barely a whisper , her eyes the only spots of color left .
te	NN	Their system would have recorded every instance it had been scanned .
te	NN	Instead , I see her stout silhouette in the darkness and hear her exclaim , " Day !
te	NNS	He takes two more sample bags from Jack .
te	NN	Then she heard someone whistling .
te	NN	The beam cut a crazy arc across the blackness , struck and rolled between the combatants ' feet .
te	NNS	It 's not doing the mundane tasks you 're talking about . "
te	NNS	" Oh , he 's pushing your buttons , but I think you 're pushing his too . "
te	NNS	Melanie 's cool strength reentered the sharp angles of her face .
te	NN	He poured ketchup over his hash browns , then added half a bottle of Tabasco sauce .
te	NNS	Emma might have employed her services , but Catherine had little doubt it was Judge Montgomery who held court over the world around him .
te	NNS	I make spaghetti bolognese , which I know is her favourite .
te	NNS	" You 've made those kinds of ... amends before . "
te	NNS	" I have rounds . "
te	NN	Further ahead a large opening appears , the narrow passage suddenly growing into a much larger , dome-shaped arena .
te	NN	For now , just get the medicine from the pharmacy and come right back . "
te	NNS	" If they catch you , you 'll wish you were dead , " he said distinctly .
te	NN	I brought out her scarf and wrapped it over my head .
te	NN	He heard the crack in her voice and it gave him hope .
te	NN	He couldn 't use his costume because it was all leather and metal .
te	NN	" Nathan , stop fishing for compliments . "
te	NNS	" Maybe , but life is about making improvements .
te	NNS	We both said Goodbye .
te	NNS	I could tell you the secrets of the bees .
te	NNS	Natives in white jackets and white shorts lined up folding tables and laid heavy cotton cloths over them .
te	NNS	Gunfire stuttered behind him , screams , explosions that blasted away everything he 'd built .
te	NN	She settled the bill and bought a cup of coffee and a few snacks for the road .
te	NN	It took off down the sidewalk at a full run , seeming happy to have the speed back .
te	NNS	" I would never handle negotiations of such great importance . "
te	NN	She pulled out her BlackBerry and a pen .
te	NNS	Let 's press the invisibility buttons . "
te	NNS	Traditionally built below the main house , they held secrets of that Shifter pack or clan , things collected and cherished , the pack 's wealth .
te	NNS	She 's removed the light bulbs from the overhead fixtures and placed duct tape across both the overheads and the few pigtail outlets in her house .
te	NNS	" You 're not wearing panties . "
te	NNS	It probably had its origins in the military .
te	NN	I went to the closet and felt blindly along the top shelf for the shoebox I 'd hidden Hammond 's research in .
te	NN	Did you determine a focus object ? "
te	NN	She took a large swallow of her drink and he watched , mesmerized for some reason by the way she held her glass to her lips .
te	NNS	Surreal propped her elbows on the desk , her face in her hands .
te	NNS	They spread their wings wide and glided , wobbling as if they were walking a balance beam .
te	NN	Jerking back , I held a gasp , waiting ... Nothing .
te	NN	" Nick should have backup in dealing with her , or - " " Or something might happen to him ?
te	NN	Hitting a button , he displayed the star chart , which showed him he was only about fifteen minutes from his destination .
te	NNS	When he didn 't look at her , she changed tactics and looked up at Steel instead .
te	NNS	He eyed the rivers of sweat snaking their way down his body .
te	NN	" Then why don 't you get your DNA tested ?
te	NN	I grab a washcloth from the closet , wet it , and begin dabbing at his forehead and neck .
te	NNS	I folded my pajamas neatly on the toilet seat and turned on the shower .
te	NN	I sent a text to Ellery .
te	NNS	What happens next , admittedly , shocks even me .
te	NNS	I tabulated the results .
te	NN	" They don 't want the program .
te	NNS	The fires broke out almost everywhere , exploding barrels infernal roar echoes long to the sides of the mountain .
te	NN	The water slows and stops the bullet with absolutely no damage at all .
te	NNS	" No one 's extended any invitations . "
te	NNS	I paid fifty thousand pounds for this privilege , Sibyl .
te	NNS	The Polish farmers played their parts to perfection .
te	NN	Someone else will steal the spotlight , but if that is the price for being with Jack , I 'll pay it gladly . "
te	NNS	They wore imitation Collars and pretended to adore all things Shifter , but whenever Shifters behaved like Shifters , they cringed in fear .
te	NNS	" Please use the gloves . "
te	NN	" How did you get my address ? "
te	NN	With quick phase , Scar pulled my collar back , and the figure missed me by inches as the ground was smashed into a crater .
te	NN	Adan studied the newcomer for a moment before saying , " he thinks me mad for wanting to join the Brethren . "
te	NNS	Kelly didn 't pull any punches about Mike 's lack of time at home .
te	NNS	Sooner or later the earth gives up its secrets . '
te	NNS	Trajan set the heavy weights down and pulled Ashe toward a lifting bench .
te	NN	" And I 've never got a tissue when I need one .
te	NNS	Two had guns pointed at TJ and Dave .
te	NN	Gwen tightened the belt on her soft , pink bathrobe and slid her feet into matching slippers .
te	NN	I swung the beam at him .
te	NN	So maybe they can feel that same happiness that Alan did . "
te	NN	" Why give the man any satisfaction ?
te	NNS	And it 's true , you know , the rumors that they were ... intimate . "
te	NN	" Does my queen actually need a slave to do something ? "
te	NN	Her tired eyes could barely make out the dangerous terrain .
te	NNS	In typical six-year old fashion , they switched gears in the blink of an eye .
te	NNS	Emily quickly swallowed several pills down and continued driving .
te	NN	Several servants rumbled a trolley along the corridor .
te	NNS	Small scaled wooden tables , chairs and even a bunk bed filled the space .
te	NNS	The people who watch television also utilize those services .
te	NNS	Gem put her gloves on , and I followed suit .
te	NNS	I can read your facial expressions now that you 're a human .
te	NN	He took one lane while I focused on the one in front of the Hummer .
te	NNS	As for Erin , Sam was eyeing his sister 's moves with a scowl on his face .
te	NN	Ben let out a low whistle .
te	NNS	And you probably have lots of friends .
te	NNS	" I maintained copies of what you sent me on my reader so that I could throw myself into the research while the children slept .
te	NN	Maran pushed his stool back into the corner .
te	NNS	Shea was lying motionless on a rock when Jacques entered the steamy underground chamber .
te	NNS	Luckily , I have cat-like reflexes and I catch two coins midair .
te	NN	The last tunnel we turned down abruptly changed scenery about halfway through .
te	NNS	" When I was your age , I made many mistakes .
te	NNS	I didn 't want the cops out running down a wild goose .
te	NNS	I 'm not playing games . "
te	NN	But we can 't dismiss the mythology surrounding that cavern .
te	NNS	" Couples mean curses and I 've already been down that road . "
te	NNS	Kneeling by the idling Jeep , he studied the baked footprints in the fading sunlight filtering through the jungle canopy .
te	NNS	I typed left-handed hurriedly and sent back to Raj .
te	NN	" It performs magnetic distraction , no more . "
te	NNS	They gave me strange glances , but I ignored them and walked ahead to the bedroom .
te	NN	When we reached the second verse , however , I added harmony in a contralto voice .
te	NNS	You do the swarms . "
te	NNS	And Jack Brodie , you 've made the wrong decisions . "
te	NNS	Edmond must have spread bad rumors about me by now and tomorrow everyone in the grade would have learnt about the truth .
te	NN	I paid the bill , got in my car , and drove to my hotel .
te	NN	The buyer paid cash and I 'm meeting the realtor tomorrow to collect the money . "
te	NN	She clutched the steering wheel tightly and spoke nervously .
te	NNS	Mostly everyone she knew drove new vehicles , what Mitch called " Slot cars . "
te	NN	I found zero amusement in his shootout to The Godfather or transparent efforts to take Jacob down a peg .
te	NNS	You will surely meet the cowards near the coast . "
te	NNS	" Do the castles come from my world ? "
te	NN	Antelope grazing on the savanna .
te	NNS	Miggy 's head went up and down solemnly , his locks bouncing like springs .
te	NN	Macey worked a miracle with my makeup .
te	NN	Here , have the armrest . "
te	NN	" I didn 't encourage their smoking . "
te	NN	Would have made good sale though .
te	NN	Prior to applying for the internship , she had done her research on this business tycoon .
te	NN	Jesse and I share a frown .
te	NNS	He could probably charm the socks off a homeless person .
te	NNS	I heard whispers about how it was all " so romantic " and how lucky I was for catching Jonah 's eye .
te	NNS	He will give you updates but thinks you should hump it in ?
te	NNS	The university had set up tables by the entrance where volunteers distributed caffeine pills .
te	NNS	And I had left both guns in the taxi .
te	NN	Thought I 'd just tour the bay and see what 's out there . "
te	NN	I really wanted the satisfaction of tackling her into the floor again .
te	NN	Nice lad , though .
te	NN	He acquired the target .
te	NNS	I was helping grams and Aunt Cat set out our supper .
te	NNS	See these rips ? '
te	NNS	She shifted the slats of her window blinds slightly to get a better view of the dark Boston street stretched out below her .
te	NNS	And , considering certain familial relationships .
te	NN	I put up a struggle to give everyone a good show .
te	NNS	" You mean wax spiders ? "
te	NN	Lauren heard the tiny crack in Angie 's voice when she said baby .
te	NN	He gave a little bow to Victoria .
te	NNS	" None of you have guns ?
te	NN	" We carry honor instead . "
te	NN	I couldn 't feel my pulse , but it beat through me wildly .
te	NN	She doesn 't exactly pinch a nickel until the buffalo bellows .
te	NNS	We wanted our cheap cell phones and cheap plasma TV 's , not worrying one bit about what lurked out there . "
te	NN	Then you could ask the oracle what she told your mom . "
te	NNS	He grabbed his bags and closed the door to his room .
te	NNS	He studied the photos again , wondering what people would see in them .
te	NNS	A rush of wetness dampened my bikini bottoms .
te	NNS	" We don 't have buttons in our time .
te	NNS	You see the squeaky creatures and yet you don 't leap !
te	NNS	Stuart pulled out his gloves and started to put them on .
te	NNS	She saw two other cots ; one had a middle-aged man sitting on it .
te	NNS	Several guards pulled swords so that the light struck the silver , making it gleam as if in eagerness .
te	NN	Ed liked that approach .
te	NN	Brawl grunted his approval and with blood caked hands held up his ax .
te	NN	" We mourned his absence but were glad to hear he found a coaching position . "
te	NN	If , however , the city still existed , it would make their journey that much easier .
te	NN	Higgins inspected the decanter , felt that some grass or other minute debris might have gotten into it , and accordingly judged it unfit for your consumption .
te	NNS	He coated the pork chops in flour before dropping them into the sizzling skillet , " Tomorrow I hope .
te	NN	Vin picked up the belt , pulling off one of her extra metal vials .
te	NNS	" I don 't have those results back yet .
te	NN	' How then do you read this riddle ? '
te	NN	She grabbed her iPhone and scrolled through her texts .
te	NNS	The wide scattering of balloons filled out any holes that were left and gave the entire room a festive mood .
te	NN	Brooke unbuckled his belt and slid the leather free slowly , deliberately , then giving the length a shake and snap that echoed through the room .
te	NN	He lightly buttered the toasted bread and slid the saucer across the bar toward her .
te	NNS	His black shoes had those thick soles for support , and he was carrying a black cane over his right forearm .
te	NN	He wore a simple tunic and had removed his turban .
te	NN	She gave us each a jolt , watching our reactions carefully .
te	NN	" What panties did you decide on ? "
te	NNS	" Should we take off our cloaks ? "
te	NNS	Together Cassie and Scarlett watched two toddlers in matching blond pigtails each pulling on the arm of a plastic doll .
te	NNS	We ordered two large pizzas , one with every kind of meat on the menu , except anchovies , and the other with mushroom and onion .
te	NNS	She had twigs in her icy hair .
te	NN	And so came the title . "
te	NN	This ship will have a policy of transparency .
te	NNS	In the cafeteria or on the benches outside , I had my zones of safety again .
te	NNS	' So , we sell records and say what -- that we 'd done it through gigs alone ? '
te	NNS	When he 'd been younger and more hotheaded , he would pick fights to ease some of the sting .
te	NN	When the door opened , Lexi got a whiff of urine and filth and she started to panic , to turn away .
te	NNS	I appreciate that , " he retorted grimly .
te	NN	I could feel the floor slant downward slightly as if we were plunging into the earth .
te	NNS	I didn 't hear the phones . "
te	NN	" I read her journal .
te	NN	He saw the alarm as her eyes grew wide , and he reached up to caress her cheek .
te	NN	Oh , God , I don 't know ... alien ? "
te	NN	If that 's before we can arrange a closing , they 'll pay rent .
te	NNS	Like all people born of the mainland , she had the uniform characteristics of straight black hair , ruddy skin , and dark eyes .
te	NN	" But making love to me ... won 't bring you happiness in real life , Luc . "
te	NN	Pain was generally considered a mark of reality .
te	NN	I did a school project on you last term . "
te	NN	The men had replaced their armor with more comfortable clothing , designed to add agility to their feats of skill .
te	NNS	He and Goliath had made amends .
te	NNS	I don 't have those choices now . "
te	NNS	Sutton , Little , take the other Reapers , and bring over what you can from the house : they will need more supply , here .
te	NNS	I could actually spread my wings and fly .
te	NNS	" Now , your primary care doctor over in Illinois sent me your records .
te	NNS	Lily made the necessary introductions , marveling at how Mr. Dolan , too , seemed inordinately eager to make Janey 's acquaintance .
te	NNS	I 'd have lots of time to think about the human ego 's capacity to deceive itself , if I survived the night .
te	NNS	" Sons a bitches !
te	NNS	Surveillance were in a building a short distance away aiming their lenses through the window .
te	NN	Worked a bow into her hair .
te	NN	Well , neither do I. " " I knew it .
te	NNS	Have you got any spies in his army ? ' '
te	NNS	You can 't handle patient records unless you 're an employee .
te	NNS	They both have grievous wounds and have lost a lot of blood .
te	NNS	Why did he never willingly confess these secrets to me ?
te	NN	It 's taking a toll on you and distracting you from your purpose .
te	NNS	Charlotte had braces and rounder cheeks .
te	NNS	I saw headlights on the road ahead and quickly leaped back into the shadows of the trees .
te	NNS	All you really have to do is lock your wings and let it carry you .
te	NN	Halen frantically shoved the obstacle out of his way and stumbled into the flat , falling to his knees and elbows .
te	NNS	" Can they blow out the tires instead ? "
te	NNS	He gave one last chew and dropped the guts .
te	NN	I will have the airlock set so the outer door must be closed before the inner will open . "
te	NN	Thank the Source for Red Paw .
te	NN	" But lock nor bar may hinder the homecoming spoken of old .
te	NNS	Oh , sweet gods , she 'd worn the matching panties .
te	NN	At Grand Centurion Palpatine 's insistence , he took a vacation for the first time in his entire life .
te	NN	We 're not getting proper maintenance done and its showing .
te	NNS	" We all have our secrets .
te	NNS	Miriam stepped over the train rails and stood behind the other prisoners .
te	NN	She grabbed her stethoscope .
te	NNS	This time he was not wearing his steel gloves , but the hit was just as painful .
te	NN	I set the heel of my hand against the nearest naked chest -- a middle-aged guy with an impressive spare tire .
te	NNS	Brick stretched his limbs .
te	NN	No one refuses the heir to this Kingdom . '
te	NNS	The phones must be ringing off the hooks by now . "
te	NNS	" Remember any outstanding riddles ? "
te	NNS	To make wise choices . "
te	NNS	" The people who made the machines , " Soma was saying , " left traces of their work .
te	NNS	" Daddy , I got ta pee . "
te	NNS	" I have bigger concerns in my life right now than thinking about bed partners . "
te	NN	" You need a bolt for the door , " he said , " Anyone can work off the security chain . "
te	NN	While I had it in my hand , I sent a quick text to Kim , letting her know we arrived .
te	NNS	Sometimes , when he slept , he could still hear the whispers of the villagers .
te	NNS	The heartbreaking bellow of the last knight as he went down echoes in my ears , unnerving me .
te	NNS	He then walked down the rows of cars , noticing each stall had a sign and a number assigned to it .
te	NN	He 'd left me a good tip , and I stuffed it in my other pocket with so much force I almost ripped the fabric .
te	NNS	With a laugh , Iona propped her elbows on the table , her face on her fists .
te	NN	She had noticed Munro smoking .
te	NNS	" Lower your guns first . "
te	NN	From then on , the family held no compassion for those who bore darkness in their hearts .
te	NN	She moans , eyelids fluttering , but doesn 't wake up .
te	NN	The man lay the iPad on the table and pulled some photographs from his bag .
te	NNS	" We exchanged locks of hair , to give to you as a token .
te	NNS	" He makes his own flies . "
te	NNS	" That and the rifles . "
te	NNS	So the captain of the ship had two choices , hand them or set them adrift . "
te	NNS	Aunt Wisdom buys her groceries at WalMart in Whistler 's Gulch . "
te	NN	Elias snapped the cue over his knee breaking the stick into two sharp pieces .
te	NNS	Hell , I could probably take out Cassius with it too .
te	NN	The exertion kept her sane .
te	NNS	When it ended , he strummed the chords on his guitar .
te	NN	And I despise competition . "
te	NN	If she failed to get pregnant ... well , she 'd leap that hurdle when she came to it .
te	NN	yeah a quick arrest .
te	NNS	He could feel the wetness of her tears , but she nodded .
te	NN	He realized the importance of saving Jasmine .
te	NN	" Give it a rest Tasha , I 've got a splitting headache . "
te	NN	" We had our friend Robbie tip off the cops about him .
te	NNS	The cord made two passes through this knot .
te	NNS	She wiped the specks of bloodied snow from her visor , blanking Jill from her mind .
te	NNS	The feel of her hair along his wrist soothed old wounds , the way she 'd always done for him .
te	NN	But you haven 't had a lifetime , so think it through , and be sure .
te	NNS	" Over here , " Toby called loudly , only adding to my panic .
te	NNS	" We can put down our bags , and you can have a few minutes to collect yourself . "
te	NN	David placed his guitar in its case .
te	NN	The herbs of the forest provided medicine for those who knew their power .
te	NNS	" I offered gifts to anyone , not only sexual partners , who I thought would appreciate it , and because I can .
te	NN	He 'd made the bulk of his money selling vacant homes for absentee owners ; many of the homes were fully furnished including linens and silverware .
te	NNS	She unplugged her headphones and turned up the speakers .
te	NN	They reached a clearing where sheep , goats , and pigs wandered and foraged .
te	NNS	I put my fingertips on the inside bit of his hand .
te	NN	" I said a little boost .
te	NN	He saw the compassion in her blue eyes as she stroked his hand with her thumb .
te	NNS	" Why would an army of elves attack refugees ? "
te	NN	The year before that , I had married my wife Tabitha in a borrowed suit that was too big for me .
te	NN	But a few seconds more and she recognized the warrior leading the way .
te	NN	But I cannot see the destination . "
te	NN	Roland had already cracked the seal ; now she reached out and took the candlestick straight out of the girl 's hand .
te	NNS	Talk to people in the girl 's life , find suspects , and flush ' em out .
te	NN	" We definitely have a winner .
te	NNS	Once more , the dragon spread its wings and took to the air .
te	NN	Dan nodded his acceptance , as words refused to form in his dried out mouth .
te	NN	So have you , uh , analyzed the cat 's brain tissue ? "
te	NNS	I heard echoes of Tina 's voice in his words .
te	NN	He felt that maybe , just maybe , he could find his mark .
te	NN	I found my father 's grave without difficulty .
te	NNS	But then , he hadn 't had the guts to ask Staffan that .
te	NN	She was getting a headache .
te	NN	I don 't want a. . .
te	NNS	I hastily wiped the wetness from my eyes as Luke emerged from the water , his board trailing behind him .
te	NN	She felt heat seep into her face as she fingered the collar of her shirt ineffectually .
te	NNS	His ship had already destroyed many enemy cruisers .
te	NN	" Must have been doing some aerial recon before coming back , " John said , " and while we were down in the tunnel . "
te	NN	In his hands he held the skull of a dog , its fangs long and sharp , and its eyes hollow and empty .
te	NN	And then I pulled the trigger .
te	NN	Startled , Kaylee squeezed the trigger before lining up the shot .
te	NN	" We had an emergency on the second floor of the facility . "
te	NN	I felt another tingle , and a few gasps told me I wore my own form now .
te	NNS	He pulls sticky pads from my chest and gets up to shove them in another bag .
te	NNS	We have four global operating centers and service one hundred fifty countries .
te	NNS	A smile tipped the corners of his full lips , and dimples appeared on both cheeks .
te	NNS	She 's worse , I thought grimly .
te	NNS	You should have all the fluids you can take . "
te	NNS	" I will be calling my lawyers . "
te	NN	Gabe has the limo waiting out front , so Mel and I slip inside and get out of the chilly night air .
te	NNS	He had received at least a dozen low blows before the men called it a day .
te	NN	Anthony asked , the desperation he felt at her rejection filling him with anger .
te	NN	His parents hadn 't even noticed his absence .
te	NN	" The twins want a pet and they can 't decide if they should get a kitten or a puppy .
te	NNS	A few rode carts , but most walked .
te	NN	" Why did they want my grandson ? "
te	NNS	He grabbed the extra socks and the booties from the helicopter .
te	NNS	I cannot involve the cops .
te	NN	I took the communication last night .
te	NN	She deserved a childhood .
te	NNS	I lifted my suitcases onto the bed and opened them .
te	NN	Fear beat a steady drum and bound itself to my heart .
te	NN	Cain needed no further encouragement .
te	NNS	He pulled the lids from the containers and sat them in the middle of the blanket .
te	NN	" It stopped beating .
te	NNS	We 've all made mistakes .
te	NNS	James leaned his elbows on the table with mischief dancing in his eyes .
te	NN	Alessia left the laboratory quietly and headed to her quarters .
te	NN	The white fox ceased its blue inferno .
te	NNS	He keeps all the other pigs in the pen safe and sound . "
te	NN	The door opened a crack and the frightened eyes of the young footman , John , peered out .
te	NNS	Jon 's tiny hands gripped the controls and guided the targeting dot onto the enemy on his view screen .
te	NN	" We can 't see all their behavior .
te	NNS	Rogers gives him two hard taps on the back .
te	NNS	One girl had pink gloves .
te	NN	I can at least offer you some bread . "
te	NN	I could picture her winking .
te	NNS	Yeah , men are fucking pigs .
te	NN	The next morning , Dean rode his stallion , Twister , over to the Benson 's place .
te	NNS	" We make our choices , and stick by them . "
te	NN	Ryder parked parallel from his building and then shut the car off .
te	NNS	I could make my own decisions and not be haunted by my mistakes .
te	NNS	He must have heard rumors about Louisa giving him stock .
te	NN	At the end of the day they won 't remember one vine or one cane .
te	NN	Fred could hardly contain his glee in the new found records .
te	NN	We will expect payment as soon as possible . "
te	NNS	Mai cheers , slapping her palms on the boy 's cheeks and hovering before him with an energetic smile .
te	NN	While I backed out of the driveway , my three passengers calmly observed the scenery .
te	NNS	Drop your bags just inside and act -- well just enjoy the moment . "
te	NN	I got a gig doing a couple of tats tonight .
te	NNS	Mia loved the holidays with her family .
te	NNS	He handed the tickets to his friend .
te	NNS	" But his people kept many secrets , even from their families . "
te	NN	" I have a headache . "
te	NNS	Especially in the densely forested valleys .
te	NN	He then asked everybody to strap in and flew the aircraft to the southern edge of their private air space .
te	NNS	I 'd been tiptoeing around topics , careful not to tread too deep , but I couldn 't do it any longer .
te	NNS	We will invite the media in , too , and this story will be spread across the Alliance .
te	NNS	She opened drawers in the kitchen and smiled at their old dishes and silverware .
te	NN	Like most of the guys who sell on the black market , he hid his inventory in common areas .
te	NNS	I sat motionless as well as emotionless , as tight into my yoga state as I could get .
te	NN	I take a swallow of my coffee , hoping that I 'll be able to calm myself down .
te	NNS	" Matt 's law firm provides pro bono services for the safe house where I work part-time .
te	NNS	Emma carefully reviewed the newspaper 's advertising rates .
te	NN	He told her goodbye .
te	NN	Liam had purchased a large banner online that said , " Annie , please marry me , " to hang from the side of the truck .
te	NN	He pulled his own chain over his neck and dropped it on Sable 's body .
te	NNS	" But you know all those tickets we received for dinner cruises on the Blue Pacific ... the one you 're thinking about buying ? "
te	NNS	The door upstairs advertised investigations of all types - divorces , accidents , missing relatives , surveillance .
te	NN	" You won 't tell me , " I said , a statement , not a question .
te	NNS	I don 't want any broken bones either , so I 'm going to play it safe . "
te	NN	Alisha made the statement matter-of-factly .
te	NN	She dropped the barrel of the gun .
te	NNS	said Zeus , and I nodded .
te	NN	The sergeant loosened his breastplate a bit , glad to be out of the sun .
te	NNS	Nelly closed the drawers , and went to the small cupboard .
te	NNS	His hands easily found my tickle spots , leaving me to howl in laughter .
te	NNS	" They 'll check the victim 's dental records , too , " he said , " but it sounds pretty certain . "
te	NNS	Nova couldn 't hear the shouts of the owner over the noise of the crowd .
te	NN	He 'd ask the pirate captain for an apprenticeship .
te	NN	Standing in the dim daylight in the deserted courtyard , I conducted a brief inner debate .
te	NNS	Chocolate chip cookies after school , pie on Sundays , and a turkey for Thanksgiving .
te	NN	Cast off the grime of our own road .
te	NN	" And your husband 's father felt no urgency to take the babe to a priest ? "
te	NNS	You 've got choices - Switzerland , Germany , Japan .
te	NN	" Fire can kill a vamp . "
te	NN	She could smell Caleb 's cologne on her skin as she raised a hand to scratch her forehead , and quickly lowered her arm .
te	NNS	And Scum , you ... you can play the drums . '
te	NNS	Tall and skinny , the guy wore biking gloves and had his bicycle with him .
te	NNS	Fluffy eyed the gates thoughtfully .
te	NNS	We 've shared vacations and meals and Woodchuck Martinis .
te	NN	She has a fascination with me talking to her .
te	NNS	The beam of the flashlight assaulted my pupils , causing the world to turn into a hazy yellow blur .
te	NNS	Skye brought the authorities to my house before I could bleed out . "
te	NN	She pulled out the hose with the shower head on it and Alex held me up while I flipped my head over above the tub .
te	NN	" Give him a minute , he 'll find the right century . "
te	NNS	She inspected the lids , made sure each was tight and snapped the plastic box closed .
te	NNS	Get lots of rest , ok . "
te	NNS	They all gave me their backs .
te	NN	They put that device on him , which sent the signal of our parents ' DNA to us .
te	NN	In the morning , she connected the device and immediately heard Dr. Holbrook .
te	NNS	Jimmy gulped down his fries excitedly .
te	NN	His imagination conjured up a hoard of greenish , demented plague survivors prowling the slopes and lusting for victims -- robotic victims .
te	NN	' And you maintain the fiction that you have no idea where Carman is now ? '
te	NN	Sounds more PC than crazy don 't you think ? "
te	NN	Gabe crushes the paper wrapper from his burger and throws it in the bag .
te	NN	Slowly , I moved around the large metal object , only to see another about ten feet away .
te	NN	Settling in , Joshua made a mental checklist .
te	NN	But the image Martha 's words created brought bile to the back of Rachel 's throat .
te	NNS	" How fare your calculations ? "
te	NNS	Some people got super clingy , and others headed straight for the door , promising " I 'll call you . "
te	NNS	" Well , it 's got lots of memories . "
te	NN	Also , pull that new loaf of bread from the cupboard . "
te	NN	He vaguely remembered the lore about them .
te	NNS	There existed only two generals on Titan at present .
te	NN	" We have no logo . "
te	NNS	But first you give me three kisses . "
te	NNS	Dodging between the line-of-sight of the guards , I searched all the speakers I could find , but came up with nothing .
te	NNS	" Armageddon " very easily could have included some sobering consequences of Chloe having a child at such a time .
te	NNS	Her hands crumpled the gloves into a ball and she sobbed .
te	NN	She mixed her saliva and the soil and packed it in tight .
te	NNS	I hear muffled cries from inside .
te	NN	Finding love with Calvin and friends but without Saint Tropez wealth only thickened the mist of confusion .
te	NN	The blank screen opposite reflected back a shadowy silhouette , and when he raised his head , the overhead light lifted the shadow from his features .
te	NN	Romulus lowered the mask and bent over the chest .
te	NN	Plus if I keep all of these DVDs I rented today until Monday , I 'll be owing a veritable king 's ransom in late fees .
te	NN	" I need an heir , someone to carry on the family name . "
te	NN	After Liam grabbed his stuff , we said goodbye to Debbie and walked back to my house .
te	NN	I catch his Adam 's apple bobbing up and down .
te	NNS	" You can look up my medical records from Jefferson Hospital . "
te	NNS	Julie took her bags from Greg and deposited them in the backseat .
te	NNS	Undertake Me He wears khakis and a blue oxford shirt .
te	NN	I have this wheelchair to thank for that .
te	NNS	You touch the tips of her brown hair and pick up the handy box of Red Dye Number 12 .
te	NN	" You got your prize .
te	NNS	I wrote the songs , I played those hot licks , I sang the fucking songs , right ?
te	NNS	Moving behind me , he removed the handcuffs .
te	NN	She was mumbling an incantation .
te	NN	She felt something crack under her hand , and he fell back howling .
te	NNS	He demolished cold-hearted jurors who judged him to be the scum of the earth without a blip .
te	NN	The claws that were her hands grasped the rim of the door .
te	NN	I can 't break the link and leave it , but this misty place is very nice .
te	NNS	The stained-glass window was completely shattered now , just a few shards still clinging to the wooden frame .
te	NN	It 's got the big platform that hangs out over the creek , and this shaky bridge . "
te	NNS	For whatever reason , Ginny didn 't develop any long-term relationships .
te	NN	Each thread branching off our thread shows a different frequency .
te	NN	" The park owner sent up an alarm before we even had a chance to suffer from mild frostbite . "
te	NN	considering the pain I 'm already in , both physically and mentally not to count emotionally .
te	NN	" More research for your book , then ? "
te	NN	Luis drenched the scarf again , folded it carefully , then placed it carefully around her neck .
te	NNS	I trust your decisions and the ability of the commander serving under you .
te	NN	More than that , she 'd taken his torture and his pain .
te	NNS	She 'd also been left a few slices of bread , though she 'd gotten the ends of the loaf .
te	NNS	Harrison and the two Stevens were holding their guns on them but also appeared to be trying to settle the men down .
te	NNS	She willed Lucas to hurry , her fist closing around the few remaining rose petals she 'd snuck from the room .
te	NN	Rays of the rising sun broke the horizon and brightened the Seer who seemed to be incapable of further discussion .
te	NN	He dashed up the center aisle .
te	NNS	The preacher gave further instances that Henry was a good man and gave of himself for others .
te	NNS	" No , I just - " She gestured vaguely .
te	NN	He pressed the trigger as he brush passed his still seated mark .
te	NN	You still have that upsetting arrogance with you . "
te	NNS	" We made two copies of Martha 's key , one for you and one for me . "
te	NNS	We 'll regroup and contact Stacks .
te	NN	Kyle picked up a dusty baby doll .
te	NNS	Like " buy more trash bags . "
te	NNS	She hadn 't thought towns like this existed anymore .
te	NN	What was it about hired muscle that made it impossible to get a suit to fit ?
te	NN	Could I find the frequency on my own ?
te	NNS	" At least I can move my toes , so I won 't have to ride the short bus . "
te	NN	" I just hurt my ankle .
te	NNS	Lucian could also feel the effects of the sun on his skin despite the dark clouds veiling the sun .
te	NNS	The shadows brushed the contours of her body .
te	NN	Knowing there 'd be no avoiding conversation , she appreciated the delay .
te	NNS	The man was still nursing his wounds and looking for sympathy , which other women were more than happy to give him .
te	NNS	They would feel more like 40 pounds .
te	NN	Zarah felt no regret in rescheduling any lunches Rashid set up for her .
te	NNS	After the enforced holiday ... the shops always open the holidays to grab everyone 's Cash while The Banks are closed .
te	NN	" Well , we have had an unfortunate delay in the market date of our new drug . "
te	NN	Of course , we 'll give you your payment back , minus some expenses , but -- " " Then I 'm coming with you . "
te	NNS	I search the corners of the shop .
te	NN	The pilot turned off the faucet , which had been releasing scolding hot water , for nearly twenty minutes .
te	NN	The clasp you wear contains the symbol of our royal family . "
te	NN	You can 't bounce the luggage about willy-nilly like that !
te	NNS	Cobwebs populated the distant corners of the room .
te	NN	Marguerite had presented the painted portrait to him on the day he 'd moved out of her home and into his own .
te	NNS	My grandmother has already called a few owners and they 've come for them .
te	NNS	" We still have decades - " " I 'm done . "
te	NNS	The two said their goodbyes and Mark promised to keep in touch .
te	NNS	Celia and Meredith were playing the parts of dazzling celebrities who were being just folks , just like everyone else , no special treatment please !
te	NNS	Years of hard graft on the farm had granted him a formidable bulk , the rolled up sleeves of his shirt revealing thick , powerful arms .
te	NN	It contained the tiny , carefully handwritten text of his spell .
te	NNS	They have tentacles in so many areas , and talk about a global business !
te	NNS	Otherwise , we can start the negotiations at the beginning . "
te	NNS	Seal all exits ! "
te	NN	Steam lifted off the rim of the cup as she did .
te	NN	I slipped the stiletto out of my sleeve and stabbed it into the table .
te	NN	Shadow shook his giant mane , spraying the pale walls with mud .
te	NN	Her aunt made this really indulgent salad with homemade dressing and I stuck to that to please Jules after this morning 's disaster .
te	NN	They would deliver the penalty for allowing Bum 's deadline to pass .
te	NN	Grease your pan with either cooking spray or butter .
te	NN	But you pay the bill . "
te	NNS	Little wisps of smoke still lifted off ugly bald patches and the smell of burnt rubber was overwhelming .
te	NNS	By doing so the spell had side effects that Sean and I could see .
te	NNS	And Terry , we will need lots of medical equipment .
te	NNS	She blinked her lids and choose to be silent .
te	NN	Winston got our DNA on the way here and had it tested .
te	NNS	Sweet mother of God , she wasn 't wearing panties .
te	NNS	Two , we scout these valleys . "
te	NN	The officer ripped the fake ticket off his pad and handed it to me .
te	NNS	She had broken bones , but couldn 't tell me which ones .
te	NNS	Stuart pulled out the final bags .
te	NNS	The frustrated angry fingers move past probing .
te	NNS	The floating diamonds were the rain , somehow hanging motionless in the air .
te	NN	" I have a good sixty or seventy years left , barring disease or an unpleasant fall down a flight of stairs .
te	NN	The brush of her own hands sent more sensation coursing through her , making her involuntarily spread her thighs .
te	NNS	" Now let Rusty help you get dressed so we can go see our grandparents . "
te	NNS	Every harvest season brought the same rumors of heathen farmers sneaking around and picking cotton on Sunday , but I personally had never witnessed such sinful behavior .
te	NN	I ignore her sarcasm .
te	NNS	I don 't want gifts .
te	NN	" After I left Vachon 's estate , I found a storage facility in another part of the city .
te	NN	Like he needed anything to make him look any more menacing .
te	NNS	Because Rome 's Revolution is science fiction I have given the resonance some additional characteristics to make the story more interesting .
te	NN	A carefully crafted hoax to earn them respect and fear . "
te	NN	" Just like a vacation with good food and air-conditioning .
te	NN	I use a mix of Gatorade and water to get the right electrolytes . "
te	NNS	And then I see shimmers of lights that take the form of ghostly people walking to and fro in the area .
te	NNS	Well , " he said , " you must have lots of things to be getting on with .
te	NNS	Geo reappeared a few units of measurement away in the left corner , but quickly faded into the background .
te	NNS	The shape is moving my limbs .
te	NNS	Did you call the cops ? "
te	NN	He picked a cue and helped me do the same , and I watched as he leaned over to rack the balls .
te	NN	" As long as it 's convenient for you , you mean , " I said calmly , which was both unfair and inaccurate .
te	NN	She met the level trough at seventy miles an hour .
te	NN	If everything went to plan , in a little while , we 'd have our traitor in custody .
te	NNS	I picked up my binoculars and took another inspection of the Temple Luna .
te	NN	From my porch , I watched the Bentley dip down the hill as if it was a feather thrown from a tall building .
te	NN	They scrambled up a muddy slope before running up an easier slope heading towards their left .
te	NNS	From what she remembered of her travels so far with him , the pages that were missing should describe events that happened with her .
te	NN	Do not turn off the laptop .
te	NN	" Self defense of course . "
te	NN	Aden felt the absence of him all the way to his bones .
te	NNS	I saw some teachers too .
te	NN	Don 't you know the Devil when you see him ?
te	NN	It missed the warrior but hacked through the spearhead .
te	NNS	Peeling back her eyelids .
te	NNS	I eyed the choices skeptically , then reached for a pink drink with a picture of the beach on the label .
te	NN	" Get somebody out of the Legal Department . "
te	NNS	You 'll work twelve hour shifts , six days a week .
te	NN	As I slumped backward , Paris quickly rubbed spit onto the tips of my fingers to stop the bleeding .
te	NN	He lifted the brandy to Daniel 's lips .
te	NNS	Behind Dee 's back , Paul made small hooks with his fingers and clawed the air .
te	NNS	I missed our talks .
te	NN	She reached the intersection of Symphony and Concord and turned to the school 's parking lot .
te	NN	He learned math , history , and language from the books .
te	NNS	Holding up his phone he showed her several photos of men and one woman .
te	NNS	~ ~ ~ Chapter 6 Amanda looked sternly ahead as they drove , they were just reaching the outskirts of London .
te	NN	" Somehow , David got a copy of them before he died .
te	NN	The book made an impact on Galileo and other scientists .
te	NNS	Doctor Asgard has started her calculations . "
te	NN	You could at least give me the satisfaction of playing along .
te	NNS	He 'd forgotten his manners .
te	NN	Kirk handed the envelope to me when I exited the shower after a late-afternoon run .
te	NNS	Add the side effects that come with bundling multiple vaccines together and this could revolutionize the way medicine is done .
te	NNS	Stay strong fellow Humans , and together we will drive the invaders away and rebuild our civilization . "
te	NNS	Just like Salina had duped her guests into coming here tonight .
te	NN	For what had taken my innocence .
te	NN	He moves his mouse and the projector zooms in , highlighting one of the lines of his poem .
te	NNS	He fired two rounds .
te	NNS	They found two short branches that looked almost like baseball bats to use as a weapon in case we got unwanted guests .
te	NNS	' I will be visiting the towns and cities outside of London over the next 2 weeks and making contact with our group leaders there .
te	NN	Scars marred her calf , which was sunken in and shiny where part of the muscle was obviously missing .
te	NNS	The next thing I knew , he whirled around 360 degrees in midair , started bucking , took off running and stopped suddenly .
te	NN	Darryl managed a light chuckle .
te	NN	Then how could I resist the conditioning ?
te	NN	And I ain 't seen a bony rat ! '
te	NNS	Victor and Costas lifted swords from the dead men .
te	NN	As always , she could detect no self-pity , no emotion whatsoever .
te	NNS	You retain your lessons well .
te	NNS	Thomas kept silent as Alexander , Commissioner Winston , Xavier and Alexis discussed their options .
te	NN	Rachel 's mouth fell slack .
te	NNS	" I don 't do relationships .
te	NN	" Have you called her grandmother ? "
te	NN	He drew out his expensive leather wallet and counted seven bills .
te	NN	Kowalski manned the rear with another light .
te	NN	I don 't have access to it .
te	NN	God , she felt almost ... possessive of Jack .
te	NN	It doesn 't ring a bell . "
te	NNS	" To the end ... " Claire repeats .
te	NN	A noise at the front door caused her pulse to jump into overdrive .
te	NN	Maybe he 'd reached a neighbor 's property .
te	NN	Bending down , she picked up a stack of papers that were just shoved into a file folder .
te	NNS	He dropped the swords .
te	NN	So , how did the man fare with the kestrel ? "
te	NNS	Katherine had the photos sent to a computer that Carl had taken her to .
te	NN	Not that she could admit that little tidbit .
te	NNS	Sighing in exasperation , Balan pushed the linens and furs aside to climb to his feet .
te	NN	" But when have we ever given him a reward for what he 's done , Mike ? "
te	NN	She ordered the collar and a tag to go with it .
te	NNS	The light hit my dilated pupils hard , making it impossible to see anything in detail .
te	NNS	Vain slashed the tires of the jeep and sabotaged its controls .
te	NNS	The clock 's arrows moved incredibly .
te	NNS	They subsist off of society by making laws , if there isn 't enough money to be made , they make more laws .
te	NN	Though Juliette understood the need for the charade , she hated the deceit .
te	NN	No long lost loves or anything . "
te	NN	Unlike the Norse , the people expected payment in return for their food and lodging .
te	NNS	I brought these flyers for Mr. Stephenson , but guess he 's not here .
te	NN	So , a swarm of bees will attack a predator , acting as one bee 's decision .
te	NN	" At some time in our twenties we reach maturity , and we stop aging .
te	NN	James Blake was still watching the television .
te	NN	Tomorrow I 'll get a chain . "
te	NNS	They exchanged glances and then : " So , it 's like a cult ?
te	NNS	Andrew , Lucas and I hold the twigs so the others could try and their triumphant smiles light up the darkened night .
te	NNS	That evening , she worked her rounds at the hospital as required by any student preparing for a career in medicine .
te	NN	My malicious old mind imagines a beating from one of the guards .
te	NN	I see steam rising from the tray and know it is hot , yet she wears no mittens to protect her from burns .
te	NNS	" While he 's awake , he can reach corners of the Underworld most of us don 't even know exist .
te	NNS	Jane immediately noticed his dimples .
te	NN	Are you feeling better " Ellie had a cough .
te	NNS	" We have observed the aliens carrying a crate and believe the key to the mission may well be held within its bounds .
te	NN	' Get the duke to safety ! '
te	NN	Like you have a head injury .
te	NNS	I had double lessons in Teleportation next week .
te	NNS	Servers circled tables that were filled with singers , story tellers , and gamblers .
te	NNS	" Ah , mother fucker , " Hughes grumbled loudly .
te	NN	I don 't have the luxury of hundreds of years .
te	NNS	Apparently , Ryder came prepared this morning , verbal guns blazing and all .
te	NNS	" What about finding other vehicles ? "
te	NN	In a future darkness , under a brooding moon , she will line up her arrow to pulverize the demon 's dead heart .
te	NN	She instinctively pulled the sheet up to her throat .
te	NN	Coming from Pennsylvania , she didn 't have an extensive social network in the city .
te	NN	Elliot stated his belief that they were confronted with a new species of primate .
te	NNS	" I had lessons in my youth , and opportunities have come up over the years .
te	NNS	He took a few sips , and it seemed to help .
te	NNS	They passed strange waterfalls where purple water flowed like glass down broad steps of rock into a colored pool .
te	NN	She nodded , her features grave .
te	NNS	Set safeguards for Skyler and take me home .
te	NN	He felt her gasp against his mouth and he drank in the sound .
te	NN	Starting the truck engine , he dropped the transmission lever into drive and spun the wheels .
te	NNS	Where 're we off to , Lieutenant Banks ? "
te	NN	Probable sadistic personality disorder .
te	NNS	" They took such pains to cover their tracks , but this guy forgets to leave his ID badge at the office ?
te	NNS	" Of course I ran the tags . "
te	NN	His hand grasped her long mane , pushed it aside , and exposed the long column for his pleasure .
te	NNS	I move my kisses lower , to his chest , his abs , and lower .
te	NN	" You don 't accept my title . "
te	NN	" She committed suicide two days later .
te	NNS	My dick was probably happily contemplating the consequences at the time , and in complete control . "
te	NN	He had left the satchel and the communicator unprotected and now they were both gone .
te	NNS	Biting her lip , she considered her options .
te	NN	And I was determined to let her go to prolong her life in hopes , during it , she might find happiness .
te	NNS	" Please send Emma my best wishes .
te	NNS	' ... but one of your staff members had some tests done at our clinic recently and I 'm afraid the results aren 't good . '
te	NN	He returned a puzzled frown .
te	NNS	" I have no worries about my afterlife .
te	NN	I tighten my sweater around me and try to look inconspicuous .
te	NNS	" Do you remember the games we used to play ?
te	NNS	He sat all the bags on the floor beside of him , as his arms were feeling the strain from carrying them so far .
te	NNS	I could possibly take out parts of Venice and Bradenton . "
te	NN	What if I needed gas ?
te	NN	As you stand in this land , hold this bowl and recite !
te	NNS	" Why don 't I man the controls and you get thrown around , water can be pretty hard at four hundred miles an hour ! "
te	NN	' Okay , well we 'll have a little gathering .
te	NN	She directed the stallion over to Devlin , her eyes dark with conflict .
te	NNS	Surely they can manage a few renegade goblins . '
te	NNS	Nanotechnology doesn 't defy the principles of physics .
te	NNS	" And I 'll accept the consequences . "
te	NN	So disregarding my superficial injuries up went the sheet and contents onto the other shoulder .
te	NNS	We all carried scars of home world , of Datura 3 and what happened after , with us every day .
te	NNS	I don 't know any fancy moves .
te	NN	His words made my sex contract .
te	NNS	" Have you abandoned your rakish tendencies completely then ? "
te	NN	The pastor stifled a sob .
te	NN	As he sucked , he felt his orgasm shouldering its way closer .
te	NN	The breeze from the bay brushed against my face and carried along with it a gust of guilt .
te	NN	She took a tissue from the night stand and wiped her eyes and blew her nose .
te	NNS	I 'm forgetting all the manners my mother tried so hard to teach me . "
te	NNS	Mari finally avoided family gatherings all together , leaving Echo trying to keep some sort of peace .
te	NN	" Toll the rally bell . "
te	NN	I give her a half-smile . '
te	NNS	That takes guts . "
te	NNS	Like I said , I 've made some mistakes too . "
te	NNS	I had seen too many shifts in Freak behavior to put my faith in that rationale , but I didn 't contradict our leader .
te	NN	Chloe gave an audible swallow , but she didn 't pull her hand away .
te	NNS	A chance to make some choices .
te	NN	Tiffany put the empty bowl and spoon back on the tray .
te	NN	Baxter transferred a stack of dirty dishes to the sink before leaning against the counter .
te	NNS	I pulled the sheets straight in a flash and made it look nice .
te	NNS	" We were all putting away our tools and having a glass of ale as an end to the day .
te	NN	I 'll take a cab . "
te	NNS	' JD , please disarm our guests and then we 'll sit down and discuss their future . '
te	NNS	I don 't like the results when you leave earlier than I 'm ready . "
te	NN	" They are making a great diversion for us !
te	NN	She pulled out her bath kit and a clean set of jeans and a t-shirt .
te	NN	My heart did a weird little flip flop at the way he watched me , his eyes hot and his lips soft .
te	NN	The late afternoon light grew dim , and dark cold waves began to break over the canoes .
te	NN	' They sign a pledge not to touch alcohol .
te	NNS	I had only the bags on my horses in which I kept my glass slippers , my journal and writing instruments .
te	NN	His incredibly honed muscles just beneath the fabric .
te	NN	Archer left a big tip .
te	NNS	She dumped a few larger logs into her pile and moved away to gather more branches .
te	NN	I have no real explanation for this level of skill . "
te	NNS	Suddenly it pulls its wings in , gathers itself like a coil , and launches into the air .
te	NN	He took a punch and obeyed me , ducking down long enough for me to step on his back .
te	NN	" I 'll want visitation for me and for my family . "
te	NN	He put the guitar aside , in its case , and latched it shut .
te	NN	Her heart skidded down a slippery slope and fell with a big , messy splat .
te	NNS	Maybe he didn 't like her tactics or something . "
te	NNS	" Hey Sophie , can you please double check my calculations here ? "
te	NNS	I sliced more noodles under his watchful gaze , and even put a bowl together for a customer who walked up .
te	NNS	" Why don 't I offer my services as tour guide to the two most charming tourists in London ? "
te	NN	" I like sailing .
te	NNS	The long wail of the steam powered siren drowned out any shouts that may have reached her .
te	NNS	The wind fluttered the ends of my hair , the silence so loud it pulsed with unanswered questions .
te	NN	He could taste the salt of her tears .
te	NNS	The drivers turned off their headlights .
te	NNS	I even counted the cracks in the wall .
te	NN	" What planet are you from ? "
te	NNS	Best not to leave them too it for too long , they might start losing pipes and digging enormous holes in the street . "
te	NNS	I tuned out my teachers , who also seemed to be going through the motions .
te	NNS	' We can 't escape our responsibilities . '
te	NN	In the middle of the night , he 'd find her core and sink inside her .
te	NNS	Between us , we can make all kinds of trouble for these made vampires . "
te	NN	That was the one thing I couldn 't forgive him for , even as it all unfolded , one unforgivable crime after the next .
te	NNS	I had all the symptoms of a concussion .
te	NNS	" Why do they hold their gloves in front of their mouths like that ? "
te	NNS	Unlike me , Evan had no qualms about opening his gifts fast .
te	NN	You want another pickle ? "
te	NN	Thurlow handed out the lecture as the young man was herded toward the gate at the space station , still whining about his punishment .
te	NN	He guiltily pushed down the animal instinct telling him to finish the rest of his meal .
te	NNS	Then Damon spread his wings and flapped down to a tree next to the building 's entrance .
te	NNS	It can 't even shield a dog 's piss , let alone rain " .
te	NN	Would that change her opinion ?
te	NN	Just then she heard a whistle outside the door and she spun around .
te	NN	But he took some satisfaction in shaking next to her so that his spray covered her , as well .
te	NNS	And ... well , I had lots of questions , none of which I could ask Marc .
te	NN	The Captain read the text out loud , explaining each area : Sections One through Six .
te	NNS	Captain Iverson barked loudly .
te	NNS	The wool blanket covered worn , striped sheets , and she ripped back the covers and fell inside .
te	NNS	She picked up groceries , paid bills , and held me when I cried .
te	NN	We took our cash and headed out into the evening .
te	NN	Jones took the baton .
te	NN	She ripped open his T-shirt and removed it from his body .
te	NNS	She pressed her fingertips to her lips .
te	NNS	" What do you mean : ' tests ' ? "
te	NNS	It 's strange , even though we weren 't mortal , we had mortal tendencies .
te	NNS	But we said our goodbyes already . "
te	NNS	They could fabricate enemies out of thin air .
te	NNS	" Why are you taking so many pills ? "
te	NNS	Denny , the bartender , is wiping down the counters with a rag .
te	NN	" Dr. Jamison , we have been monitoring your progress . "
te	NNS	His eyes have large black bags under them and they are a lifeless white , very much bloodshot .
te	NN	All that fury was covering an avalanche of fear .
te	NNS	The archives contained no records of ocean phenomenon that could wipe out an entire island .
te	NN	Verity ignored his sarcasm as she slowly sat down on the bed .
te	NN	I find a tiny strip of metal along the right side .
te	NN	I 'm getting a trophy for it . "
te	NN	It would be like cutting off his own tail .
te	NNS	And it contains many secrets about my powers , so you must promise to keep it safe . "
te	NNS	" But I 'm telling you , these men were not trained fighters .
te	NN	He had access to the computers that would have allowed him to mark bills paid that were still outstanding .
te	NN	The guy who thinks he rules the realm ?
te	NN	Ronald had a letter size manila folder in his hand .
te	NN	Claudette , my eldest , set aside her pitchfork .
te	NN	" Listen here , you good-for-nothing vamp ! "
te	NN	She took the precaution of loudly saying , " Coffee ? "
te	NNS	Lamb chop , three cooked eggs , wheat bread and three hot cups of coffee .
te	NN	Aidan 's eyes held a challenge .
te	NNS	He massaged the backs of my legs and told me the story of the bet .
te	NNS	I wiped down the counters again while trying to avoid Eric 's stare .
te	NNS	We can place spies in their student section . "
te	NN	He would go an extra mile in reaching out solutions .
te	NN	" You need more fiber . "
te	NN	Magnus looked angrier than ever .
te	NNS	In a flash , Takumi grabbed our sleeping bags and backpacks and hid them behind bales of hay .
te	NNS	Cried until the librarian took the headphones from my head and pressed my face to her chest .
te	NNS	" Get tickets and find a nice base to stay , but no more agenda than that .
te	NN	You could catch a disease from a guy like that . "
te	NNS	They took their suitcases and Melissa locked her door behind her .
te	NNS	I could celebrate his birthdays .
te	NNS	" My fellow Americans .
te	NNS	He pressed kisses over the swells that rose up out the top of her bra .
te	NNS	He rolls up his sleeves and grins wickedly .
te	NN	As she contemplated which one to take , she quietly ripped away a strip of cloth with which to gag the unfortunate victim .
te	NN	He tossed his notebook into the briefcase and lowered the lid but left it unlatched .
te	NNS	His fingers left streaks on the car door that were unmistakable .
te	NNS	Because other than opera , Della really had no passions .
te	NNS	He leaned his elbows on the table which tensed his incredible biceps , and winked at me .
te	NN	You won 't go off your rocker as long as you have me to take care of you . "
te	NN	Trace had reached the sidewalk .
te	NNS	A tiny redheaded woman mumbled a few warnings to the dog and flipped on the porch light .
te	NNS	Sometimes people make choices for us , but even then , we can , we must accept or reject the choice .
te	NNS	Other than pawning her jewelry , she had very few options .
te	NN	Marcie ended her explanation .
te	NNS	His first look at me in weeks and I 'll have mascara streaks running down my face .
te	NNS	Chapter Five Waiting until Viper had left the kitchen Shay gathered the cartons of food and breathed in deeply of the delicious scent .
te	NNS	And then we 'll straighten out this silliness !
te	NNS	Tears pricked her lids .
te	NNS	" Agnes , you put the players on the Drury Lane to shame . "
te	NN	" I don 't have my license , and I gave the car back . "
te	NNS	" Making garage cabinets . "
te	NN	That could get a little messy .
te	NN	The intruder produced an envelope .
te	NNS	They also produced medals .
te	NNS	I planted gentle kisses all along the face that I loved so much .
te	NN	It has a ladder to climb to get to it ! "
te	NN	In one of his accounts he fully credits the petition to Jesus for the survival of many refugees including him .
te	NN	" I joined the Coven Master 's harem in London , where I would be safe .
te	NN	He pulled out his wallet and set money on the counter .
te	NN	Creeping forward , head still down , Koda dropped a shiny object at Cain 's feet .
te	NN	He loved his workshop and she was genuinely impressed by what he could do with a few pieces of oak or pine .
te	NN	" Drop the torch ! "
te	NN	Plus I still need a final chapter to my epic . "
te	NNS	He had three big tables set up with computers and other electronic equipment .
te	NN	She used the electrical device to scan up and down Joan 's arm .
te	NNS	I 'd heard enough rumors .
te	NNS	The guy had moves , no doubt about it .
te	NN	On the screen , Fish saw the logo for the Royal Bank of Dubai .
te	NN	" Anyone want dessert ? "
te	NNS	Just like Sherry was getting the records organized for Professor Smith , the Devil was keeping records on Dallas .
te	NNS	Basil , aware they know altogether too much , sends agents after them .
te	NN	said the two henchmen .
te	NN	He waved his lace handkerchief before her face .
te	NNS	After a quick glance at their cards , the players placed their bets .
te	NN	In a way , I was paying you a compliment . "
te	NNS	I had memorised the different kinds and different parts .
te	NN	Maybe he had a roommate and - But no .
te	NNS	I don 't usually keep any secrets from Madge , but I will keep this in confidence .
te	NN	Picket rubbed his mustache .
te	NNS	Running a hand through his hair he battled his inner protectiveness of her .
te	NNS	I would recognize those colors anywhere .
te	NN	I gnawed the rust off !
te	NN	He got off the stool .
te	NNS	I 've had injuries a dozen times worse , endured them for days in conditions that make these pleasant in comparison . "
te	NN	I can have my own darling wee Becky at home to bring up properly .
te	NNS	" I have some gifts for you . "
te	NN	She likely didn 't consume an entire dose .
te	NNS	" Have my lawyers presented everything ?
te	NN	Conrad raised a crystal goblet .
te	NN	I had no clue where they were taking me or what was going to happen next .
te	NNS	" Don 't you mean ' good hooves ' ? "
te	NNS	You 've got lists of people we can trust to fill seats ? "
te	NN	" Don 't be wandering too far , sister dearest .
te	NN	Once again , I feel a flicker of unease , a squirming feeling of guilt .
te	NNS	People keep their secrets on their computers . "
te	NN	The chiding in his voice snapped her last straw .
te	NN	Cassie felt her eyes harden like calluses .
te	NNS	' You should hear the speeches I 'm giving ! '
te	NN	Hugh smiled indifferently , the malaise reclaiming him .
te	NNS	He wanted the other players in this to know he was there , that he and Kelly weren 't the stupid grunts they 'd assumed .
te	NNS	Baby They walked up the two flights of steps to his flat after the Charity dinner .
te	NN	He could hear their hearts beating , the rush of blood in their veins .
te	NN	She drew back the string , feeling the tension in her bow .
te	NNS	" You 'll meet lots of new friends . "
te	NNS	You were like leveling mountains ! "
te	NN	You got a whole planet to conquer , here .
te	NN	He needs a carrot .
te	NN	The two girls had started their summer vacation from college driving a hand-painted VW bug from San Diego up to Los Angeles .
te	NNS	Sometimes I will see snatches of something that does make sense , only to watch it quickly morph into something incomprehensible .
te	NN	She folded the fabric up , not bothering to answer my question .
te	NN	He is wearing a black T-shirt with a strange symbol on the front .
te	NNS	Additionally , the Secret Service would have agents on all sides of the reactor , again searching for any threat .
te	NNS	You use these events to further your knowledge of business issues .
te	NNS	" Will you be requiring our babysitting services today ? "
te	NNS	He was silently watching the fighters .
te	NN	" I don 't need a ladder .
te	NNS	Perhaps Fate should have given them gadgets after all .
te	NNS	Covering it with his , he gently stroked the backs of her knuckles with his thumb .
te	NNS	He unlocked the handcuffs and handed me the car keys .
te	NN	The midwife lifted Susan 's chemise and peered between her legs .
te	NN	She had never considered a scenario that included one extra penny beyond her acquired savings .
te	NN	I didn 't think the Glock suited the outfit , but then , I wasn 't in a position to argue .
te	NN	And then I shut down my laptop .
te	NNS	He enhanced other psychic gifts , could see images in sound , could be nearly invisible , and was able to shield an entire team from detection .
te	NN	I was spared a barrage of questions from Celeste until after lunch , when she stopped by my office .
te	NN	And one had gold coin and treasure from the dirt floor to her hip .
te	NN	I called the town 's only limo service to come pick them up .
te	NN	I sound braver than I feel .
te	NNS	They took your choices away .
te	NN	I need a nap from all my vicious mental thinking .
te	NN	He cast away the shield , grabbed Astrid and cradled her in his massive arms .
te	NN	She opened her e-mail account and typed in her brother 's address .
te	NN	the old man laughed , a long slow chuckle , as he stood up and reached for a grappling pole to push out to Tench .
te	NN	Jackie was still studying James 's shoulder tattoo when I stepped out of the closet .
te	NN	She caught a flicker of movement out of the corner of her eye and turned , freezing in place when she saw what it was .
te	NNS	The excitement overshadowed the worries regarding lack of transportation to gigs .
te	NNS	Both his sister Claire and brother Tony had made good marriages .
te	NN	Unless he 'd already made a commitment .
te	NNS	Rae tossed her bags in the trunk of her mother 's car and climbed into the convertible BMW .
te	NN	" Would you buy stock in it ? "
te	NNS	So you hide your tiredness well ? '
te	NNS	And they made their whispers louder for her benefit .
te	NN	" To what do I owe the honor ? "
te	NN	When her first application came in I had one of the analysts do some background research on other members with her kind of talent .
te	NN	She almost dropped her stethoscope at that news .
te	NN	" Third , you destroyed company property , namely the robot Mr. Green .
te	NNS	But some prefer the caves .
te	NNS	" I 've hired cleaners , but I need someone to fix it up .
te	NNS	The guards will be making the rounds any minute now .
te	NNS	" I don 't have time for this , " Graham said loudly .
te	NN	She couldn 't find a pulse either , and for a moment her world stopped .
te	NNS	She pressed a few buttons , frowned .
te	NN	He took some convincing .
te	NNS	" Well sure we have buyers ! "
te	NN	She carried a stack of records in her arms .
te	NNS	Do I really need possessions to make me happy ?
te	NN	Eleanor shook out a cushion and plopped it back onto the sofa .
te	NNS	" We all make mistakes , Ellie .
te	NNS	I 've seen groups of them , meeting in halls and dressing in strange clothes .
te	NN	Egwene has much honor . "
te	NNS	Six months later , he has all your secrets , and he 's gone . "
te	NN	You just needed a little nap , and it didn 't hurt me to catch some zzz 's either .
te	NN	A couch and a pair of recliners face a television and some bookshelves .
te	NNS	What kinds of things did he think about ?
te	NNS	Brooke and Ben swapped glances .
te	NN	Murdoch 's voice boomed down the alley .
te	NN	Brandon 's smiling face would walk down the aisle with each and every student there .
te	NN	" About a mile from here .
te	NN	As if my words broke the ice , a hesitant smile replaced the wary curve of her lips .
te	NN	" I 'm not injecting that poison into my veins . "
te	NNS	Before she could do anything , it leapt back into the pines and sprinted away , its coat a gray blur amidst the tree trunks .
te	NNS	I expect the hyperactive limbs to slow , but they don 't .
te	NN	Hauling myself downstairs , I mumbled a weary , " Good Morning , " to my mother as I shuffled into the kitchen .
te	NNS	I 'd said sharks earlier , but a more likely scenario was killer whales .
te	NN	I hadn 't even heard her approach .
te	NN	I smile and try a different tactic .
te	NNS	Another tentacle is entering the controls for the hospital bed .
te	NN	I signed the contract , and my jaw dropped as Luke handed me a check made out to five thousand dollars .
te	NNS	Who was pulling this guy 's strings ?
te	NN	My friend got a tattoo from Bennett . "
te	NN	He waved goodbye to Roland , even though it was pointless in the dark .
te	NNS	Did the oaf hurt your tired old bones ? "
te	NNS	He spread his ebony wings with their gold tips and waved at the nak * d ladies .
te	NNS	He had removed his sensory strands from her face , arms , throat .
te	NNS	She dropped the groceries in the foyer and bolted for the stairs with the clothing bags rustling at her side .
te	NNS	We have guests . "
te	NNS	Somebody had kept their headlights on , to shine light on the sand , and had their truck doors open so that the sound system could carry .
te	NN	I needed a leader . "
te	NNS	Yet , all the G5 members constantly visited their relatives and their families came to see them .
te	NN	Join the continued adventure with your favorite characters , .
te	NNS	She loaded her purchases in the Winnebago and returned to the house .
te	NNS	" We have established colleges that teach sciences that we never knew about in the past .
te	NN	Army logistics had provided a stock of tea for their British staff but it was horrid .
te	NN	She felt a tremendous jolt of terror .
te	NN	Ed offered a brief explanation .
te	NNS	He would take his home-brewed wines with him to Renaissance type gatherings .
te	NN	She aimed the beam of the flashlight directly in front of him .
te	NN	We carried the hose and hooked it up .
te	NNS	" You have no consequences .
te	NN	He had spent a lifetime with this quest of men , a lifetime also , almost immeasurable .
te	NN	Only the trained eye of a vampire could detect the unmistakable shimmer of magic that rippled over the steel blade .
te	NNS	Courtney assumed Annie still cared about him , otherwise she wouldn 't have kept the photos .
te	NNS	She pressed and punched the buttons repeatedly in no obvious order or significance .
te	NN	His fangs and crazy eyes caught the moonlight .
te	NN	" Look here , mister .
te	NNS	" Well , the rest is pretty common sense - don 't book any plane tickets or boat charters or anything like that . "
te	NN	And buckle your belt . "
te	NNS	We make our own decisions , and this is no different . "
te	NNS	No one believed the rumors , of course , but during her service with him , she had started to believe the unbelievable .
te	NNS	Reaching behind him , she felt bullet wounds on his shoulder blades and high on the back of his thigh .
te	NN	I was merely enjoying your costume . "
te	NN	After a moment , she let out a low whistle .
te	NN	They didn 't recognize his license to practice medicine so he started over again .
te	NNS	Tear the bones from his traitorous body . "
te	NNS	It only took a few more licks for the bleeding to stop .
te	NNS	They have guns , and vehicles !
te	NNS	He will assign the tasks and work with you to get your work done .
te	NN	I have made a concession to you in doing so .
te	NN	And then Byron had my grandfather safe and was helping him to breathe , to get the water out of his lungs .
te	NNS	So if you 're feeling lonely And if you 're feeling blue play these three chords and I 'll remember that you love me , too .
te	NN	Nameless Andrew even doubted the correct identity of the scientist for a second .
te	NNS	She tore off the sheets , shredding them with claws she hadn 't realized had extended .
te	NNS	Turn our backs every time she has to raid the local zoo to get a fix ? "
te	NN	The possibility sent a tremor of excitement through him .
te	NNS	I don 't think the clans that went over to him are so interested in religion as they are in the chance to loot the southern kingdoms .
te	NN	I bit back a gasp .
te	NNS	I left the potatoes to boil . "
te	NNS	Cats could cover amazing distances in a single leap , and the jaguar people had cunning and strength beyond normal .
te	NNS	The professor assigned the groups .
te	NN	Drove straight home that night , could do the paperwork in the morning .
te	NNS	The scent of bacon frying quieted his worries for the moment .
te	NNS	Once I decided on font and color , Trenton printed out the transfers , and I followed him back to his room .
te	NNS	He remembered his manners when Abigail paused beside her chair .
te	NN	My hands glide up his sweater and smooth over his warm flesh .
te	NN	Once again she was splay legged and resting a bowl of wine on her belly .
te	NNS	Now eat your muffins . "
te	NNS	Sybil ran her fingertips along the prickly jawline , remembering how delightfully wicked it had felt rubbing along the skin of her inner thighs .
te	NNS	Unfortunately , Spencer had a few more skeletons locked in her closet .
te	NNS	I 'd attended services like this off and on throughout my life and knew the Latin prayers by heart .
te	NNS	The High Fae have been making swords to match the spells in the Collars for many years .
te	NNS	Please , can I just get the files , Sidney ? "
te	NNS	The shock of his words left Susan speechless .
te	NN	Recognizing that William would not understand , I gave him no explanation .
te	NN	See that bush ? "
te	NN	She felt his frown and realized she had jeans on underneath her formal dress ?
te	NNS	Winkler and I have made mistakes in the past and likely will make more in the future .
te	NNS	Were there any belts made for crossbows ?
te	NNS	Remaining completely still , she considered her options .
te	NN	Let 's put a target on your back and paint your face red , think that will work ? "
te	NN	Cam snatched a handkerchief from his pocket and pressed it over himself , Ainsley moving her hand away just in time .
te	NN	That little darling deserves a reward .
te	NNS	Sara felt the last shreds of hope peel away with those words .
te	NN	Suddenly both lost their footing falling down a steep but small slope , their bodies hitting the ground hard .
te	NN	Brick interpreted the tirade of information .
te	NNS	" Or watch each other 's backs . "
te	NNS	How dangerous do you think the swampy parts of this place are , Vinnie ? "
te	NN	I left my wallet with Cade , so he could pay for mine .
te	NN	You pulled the trigger .
te	NN	Then she attempted a calmer approach .
te	NNS	The frigid water only helped the results , not the cause , of his frustrations .
te	NN	I stopped the flame but kept the lighter within his view .
te	NN	I used the distraction to bring my gun down and fire at her .
te	NNS	" We have resolved our differences .
te	NN	Yet he felt little kinship with them at the moment .
te	NN	Those , who succeed , decipher this mechanism and the patterns , which are there for anyone to see .
te	NNS	The pair were obviously keeping secrets on each other 's past dealings .
te	NN	Ryland caught the sheet and dragged it to Lily 's chin .
te	NN	Grandpa Zachariah had beef on the hoof within easy driving distance of a large portion of the gold claims .
te	NNS	However , I 've met few lawyers who were both successful and timid .
te	NN	Max gave a little chuckle .
te	NN	I teach eighth grade math . "
te	NNS	' All day I pluck their petals .
te	NN	I put my empty oatmeal bowl in the sink and go to my room .
te	NNS	I don 't need the meds .
te	NNS	Julianne is right , we can 't keep secrets .
te	NNS	Mac noticed something puzzling about the area around the lake .
te	NNS	Grace dropped the receipts down on Valerie 's desk , as she returned his greeting .
te	NN	Together with a trusted friend , I 've formed a society .
te	NNS	She was untying the strings holding the litter to the other horses .
te	NNS	It tossed aside boulders with slow and steady ease that should have been impossible for a man of its size to even lift .
te	NN	She found bedding and towels .
te	NN	At the word ' funeral , ' Layla felt a sob rising up in her , but she smothered it and clenched her jaw .
te	NN	" Bring the address . "
te	NNS	She even loved his atrocious manners and the way he growled at her like an old bear .
te	NNS	She can fly around these mountains or go down to the village on her own and be safe .
te	NN	While not bulky from muscle , he had some lean muscle .
te	NN	Miraculously , Geoff slipped his smartphone in his pocket and held his hands out for the glove .
te	NNS	He just shouldered Miles 's belongings , handed me back my knives , which I strapped to my thighs , and moved off in the dark .
te	NN	She plays bass . "
te	NN	Liza loved dancing and I was going to make sure it was one of our stops tonight .
te	NN	Just a few more feet - Mary turned , her pale face a mask of fear .
te	NNS	And the vampire and the werewolf went off the rails .
te	NNS	" I love games . "
te	NNS	She would drop her bags in the foyer .
te	NN	Clary could hear the strain in it .
te	NNS	I diced up peeled potatoes after washing them .
te	NN	You 've got a bunch of stupid old documents .
te	NNS	The ornate wrought iron gates covered in ivy listed to one side .
te	NNS	The girl listed several choices , and Jackie picked one , not really caring what it was .
te	NNS	Perhaps he has made mistakes , but he seeks peace .
te	NN	Later , perhaps I 'll take a cab to town , but for now , I want to explore this place where I have so unexpectedly landed .
te	NN	He held out his bowl , forcing her to cross the kitchen to him to take it from his hands .
te	NN	I 've merely found a project that temporarily requires my full attention . "
te	NN	He was freezing his arse off and she was treading water next to him , staring at him as if he 'd lost his mind .
te	NNS	" Scaring the natives ? "
te	NNS	Besides , I 'll be working the tables at the Trojan Horse . "
te	NN	His thumb first circled the pulsating mass of nerves and then rolled over it with not quite enough pressure .
te	NN	The initial glare made Seth squint and blink .
te	NNS	We all make mistakes . "
te	NN	Why , you practically performed a public service , killing her the way you did . "
te	NN	I threw back the sheet and got out of bed .
te	NNS	" And the Young Elites attacked the qualifying races .
te	NNS	Thomas weighed his options .
te	NNS	One who 'd stirred up all kinds of dormant feelings she 'd prefer to leave sleeping .
te	NNS	' Right , ' Johnnie agreed promptly , ' but I 'll take these guns .
te	NN	" Daniel lost his mate about a year ago to blood poisoning . "
te	NNS	I pull my sheathed swords off with shaking hands .
te	NN	" Buffalo Bob contacted the governor and asked for help . "
te	NNS	And I 've got the week 's groceries sitting in the back .
te	NN	In no time at all , he had begun a portrait of Marilyn Monroe right there on the sidewalk .
te	NN	If I set the mood organ to a 670 setting ? "
te	NNS	Amanda stayed motionless as she relaxed in the sun .
te	NN	Patrick gave a soft chuckle , then let his eyebrows clamp over his eyes as he nodded towards her .
te	NNS	I can 't even describe their injuries . "
te	NN	She dropped the pose when he turned a corner and disappeared .
te	NNS	I heard rumors that was what you were doing in here . "
te	NNS	The abrupt and unexpected question stunned her speechless .
te	NN	He put a Black shield around the driver and vanished the body , ignoring the startled exclamations of the other men .
te	NNS	But we don 't have the parts . "
te	NN	Then I stab the beam into the gloom and stare wide-eyed down the corridor .
te	NNS	The Gant family tree had roots and branches that spread far and wide , on this shore and others .
te	NNS	Nora pulled off her gloves .
te	NNS	Under the sway of such anger , people can commit unimaginable acts of violence and bloodshed .
te	NNS	It had great round posts rising from each comer and it was canopied and curtained in purple velvet .
te	NNS	The boys washed away graffiti from a wall .
te	NNS	Ali 's face grew expressionless as he looked back at Don .
te	NN	Then I 'll give you another dose of pain medication so you can rest . "
te	NNS	More luxuries , more diverse crops , more military weaponry and training grounds and shipbuilding , all equaled fewer resources .
te	NN	She could feel the moisture between her legs and for a moment wondered if he knew she was hot for him .
te	NNS	" You terrorized chickens ? "
te	NNS	" You ran the truck 's tags . "
te	NNS	I sent you my condolences so you would know I was home .
te	NN	I already started a salad big enough to share .
te	NNS	I pulled my fingertips away and the connection blinked out .
te	NN	He handed me my paper sack , which I 'd totally forgotten .
te	NNS	" Unless he feeds off those cursed creatures . "
te	NNS	Did you get the statements from the first guys on the scene ? "
te	NN	She increased the tempo as her mind relived their nights together .
te	NNS	They patted each other 's backs , knocking the snow off of their clothing and revealing just how long they 'd been traveling .
te	NN	The sleeves did not match the historical accuracy of the everyday dress .
te	NNS	Gems picked up the colors and flames , amplifying them and generating replicas all over the chamber , adding to the brilliance .
te	NN	And with it , he felt some inner barrier shatter .
te	NNS	Mercer could move mountains .
te	NN	I had no notion just how special he was . "
te	NNS	The poor armour of the Ionian 's helmet couldn 't withstand the X. 50 rounds .
te	NNS	The onboard computer contained statistics , files , plans and details .
te	NNS	I set the controls and gave myself an hour .
te	NN	The energetic light created a twisting vortex in the sky .
te	NNS	He wiped the wetness with his thumb , her skin soft against his touch .
te	NNS	A blue envelope on the hallway floor contained the tickets to Austin and back .
te	NN	The Range Rover wouldn 't just stop a bullet from a handgun or an assault rifle .
te	NNS	Everybody got muffins except for Bri .
te	NNS	Hai Hai , the first to shake off her shock , drew her swords .
te	NN	She checked his pulse , then retrieved her dagger .
te	NN	His feet apart , hands on his hips as he surveyed his domain with a hawk like gaze .
te	NN	He has an aura of power , but he is young .
te	NNS	Her words fogged puffs into the cold air .
te	NNS	He doesn 't always follow the pack traditions .
te	NNS	don 't have the results of all your tests , but there 's no need to wait for them .
te	NN	I noticed a silver service bell further down the counter .
te	NN	I 'd put the axe to that suggestion right away on the telephone , not wanting to go there .
te	NN	I meant no offense . "
te	NNS	Joe put the emails down on the counter and raised his hand to his forehead in dizziness .
te	NNS	" You 're making lots of great changes .
te	NN	" Your parents didn 't cause this injury ? "
te	NNS	He continued falling downwards when he tried to turn off his thrusters .
te	NNS	Don 't tell me you believe these delusions .
te	NNS	If I really did fail with the transfer , we still have options .
te	NNS	His eyes looked fathomless in the moonlight .
te	NNS	With that thought , she collected her bags and headed down the stairs .
te	NNS	" Why don 't you take some cookies back down in the basement instead ?
te	NNS	But I didn 't have the guts to talk to her .
te	NNS	" We saw two old vehicles running around , one with a bunch of teenage kids with guns .
te	NNS	They take pains to go only so far into the slug 's head , and only in a particular place near the base of the skull .
te	NNS	Though Sweet Dove continued to stare at her , she addressed Reyes .
te	NNS	I put his saddle pads on , but Star is becoming increasingly difficult to control without help from a second groom .
te	NNS	Breathing a huge sigh of relief , I angled two rows to the right and a moment later reached the clearing .
te	NNS	* * * " Lissa , this is Weldon Harper and his son , Daryl , " Winkler introduced his guests .
te	NN	He charged up his EMP once again , but all he heard was sputtering .
te	NNS	He had clearly learned some valuable lessons in the experience .
te	NNS	Even though his parents were both dead , Conrad wouldn 't even visit their graves .
te	NNS	For our escape , Shane bought one-way plane tickets out of the country .
te	NN	Any moment , he expected the thunder to kick in .
te	NNS	" Shhh ... " Justine whispers as she jabs the tall man in the ribs .
te	NN	She liked the Kip who relied on her or Fritz for definition .
te	NN	She could hear a tank somewhere beneath her filling with water , and she sensed the sub gaining weight .
te	NNS	" How many times I sat here and told you my darkest secrets ?
te	NN	A woman roughly Constance 's height all but tackled the sheriff in a tight hug , her demeanor having suddenly shifted from fear to excitement .
te	NNS	He unpacked his bags , and picked up the phone .
te	NN	They all wore body armor which - get this - also had sections of it that glowed the same florescent red of the eyes .
te	NN	He swung the watch idly as he spoke , his eyes seemingly focused on some remote point in space and possibly time .
te	NNS	" No , no , no , we 've been doing historical murders .
te	NNS	The boys smiled and tolerated the kisses she gave them and then went to see what there Granddad was doing .
te	NNS	They were all wearing long cloaks that reached the floor and beautiful turn of the century dresses .
te	NNS	No one would willingly suffer the tragic consequences of mental illness if they had a choice . "
te	NNS	Some had previous commitments and were involved in a fundraising exercise in Wellington .
te	NN	I opened my laptop , ignoring him for the most part and thinking about the night before .
te	NN	I expect my flattery to get me everywhere and then some . "
te	NN	Her stomach did a little flip flop when she realized who she had just passed .
te	NN	" Then he will regain his great wisdom and lead us all into a bright new future . "
te	NNS	Estrella was approaching the technicians now , pleading with them , offering its body in the most lewd fashion .
te	NNS	I 'd heard rumors of soldiers living among the public in secret , reporting to the authorities if things seemed suspicious .
te	NN	He peeled the silk from her shoulders .
te	NNS	" We have recently captured two spies .
te	NNS	You just burned your bridges and your dope .
te	NN	I studied my vast wardrobe selection and picked the perfect outfit .
te	NNS	Van shut the gates , pushing the button for the seventh floor .
te	NN	Just ring the bell and I will be with you in a jiffy . '
te	NN	Conjure , you 'll have the honor of blasting that thing into scraps . "
te	NNS	We have each other 's backs . "
te	NN	" I can buy a ticket too . "
te	NNS	You stay and continue your talks with Laird McDonald . "
te	NNS	They forget their misgivings about my reputation for strangeness and my ever-present smile .
te	NNS	It turns out these gifts , or powers , as they call them , can do more than we ever believed . "
te	NN	She stopped and turned very slowly , sand scattering over her boots .
te	NN	The secateurs didn 't even make a mark on it .
te	NNS	I assessed my options .
te	NN	Even so , an opponent could take a terrible beating .
te	NN	He dug the wallet out of his pants pocket , pulled out a twenty and a five , and handed them to delivery boy .
te	NN	With one foot she moved the stool and proceeded to soap his hips .
te	NN	Then he heard a crash and a yelp .
te	NNS	' Auntie sends her love , ' he said loudly .
te	NNS	The storm battered the mountains with hot air .
te	NNS	If one breathy hello could have him fully hard all over again , she now operated his hormonal controls .
te	NNS	" So , like you said , everyone makes mistakes ? "
te	NN	Flames engulfed the thermal tent , the uncomfortable sleeping pad , what had been left of her field rations .
te	NN	She walked down the dusty driveway and discovered Grandma Turner busy working in her yard .
te	NNS	Inside , huge metal frames contained conveyor belts and empty hooks .
te	NNS	She checked his vitals , then moved on , leaving them alone again .
te	NNS	They immediately consulted their charts , looking for an underwater obstruction , but could see none .
te	NN	I adjusted my sweater and kept pace with him .
te	NN	In no time , I could feel only the biting chill in my ruddy cheeks .
te	NN	He should have sensed the bloodline that bound them together .
te	NN	I felt the sting , and then warmth coursing through me , before I dropped to the ground .
te	NNS	Unfortunately , we never do such transfers like I am doing here with you in .
te	NNS	I put the folders under my arm and stepped around the desk .
te	NNS	" Remember those counters that Tania was using against you ? "
te	NNS	How go the repairs ? "
te	NNS	In front of me , I saw shapes of bodies dancing around Sullivan , bobbing toward him and then away .
te	NN	Barry and I told everyone goodbye and started to make our way to the hall , past the wall of windows that looked down to the street .
te	NNS	He ordered two massive pizzas with just about everything known to man on them , plus two enormous bottles of Coke .
te	NN	Brightly colored flowers lined the paver walkway , as did bushes I 'd seen in the desert but couldn 't name .
te	NNS	" Why are you carrying your parents ' ashes ? "
te	NN	For that promise , she would endure the stripping of her army .
te	NNS	Camille 's silence preceded her usual comments about Andrew .
te	NN	You 'll finally have access to all the information you 've been seeking .
te	NN	" Heart failure . "
te	NN	He killed my guardian .
te	NNS	She leaned her elbows on the table and rested her chin in her hands .
te	NN	" You have started the bond , but it 's not complete , is it ? "
te	NN	James Gant 's face went ashen , but as a mark of the man 's fortitude , he waved for Painter to go on .
te	NNS	They said their good-byes and hung up .
te	NN	She shifts the armor on her front , as though it will protect her from the sting of his comment .
te	NN	With unsteady fingers , I gather up the gauze and unravel it around my hand .
te	NN	He took another puff from his cigarette .
te	NNS	Everyone exchanged nervous glances .
te	NN	" I do not have access to any gun large enough to be effective against anything on the prairie . "
te	NNS	To accomplish indoor work during frequent winter cold spells , Chinese householders wore gloves from which the tips of the fingers were removed .
te	NNS	They want happy lawyers with happy wives .
te	NN	" The vampires finished off your grandmother , by the way .
te	NNS	At the tree house , James could see the potatoes sprouting through the surface of the soil .
te	NN	Not until I put the bond in place . "
te	NNS	But he had strong cheekbones and a squared jaw that would someday make him a handsome man .
te	NN	Eddie opened the unsealed envelope and removed a small piece of white linen stationery .
te	NN	" Should I contact your banker to have the funds transferred ? "
te	NNS	" I 'll take any consequences for this action .
te	NNS	That intelligence links events or perceptions , that are good for the organism , with the feeling we have when we say something is beautiful .
te	NNS	" I like the mashed potatoes , best .
te	NNS	Ted gobbled down both cookies before he answered .
te	NNS	He sported tiny wings and a broad grin .
te	NN	The blond girl went sailing toward the top of the fence with a shriek .
te	NNS	Mr. and Mrs. Mercer exchanged uneasy glances from across the room .
te	NNS	The smaller of his two dragons flapped its wings and bent its wedge-shaped head toward Lara 's baby .
te	NNS	With her free hand , Jane rubbed the wetness from her face .
te	NNS	The glint in her eye stirred his loins .
te	NN	He grabbed a long-sleeved T-shirt and yanked it on over his head .
te	NN	" To get into the Cathedral and somehow find this crypt .
te	NNS	Then , after some consideration , " Or they don 't have phones .
te	NN	You can wear a ski mask or something . "
te	NNS	They ran some tests .
te	NNS	Pearl shifted in her chair , then crossed her ankles .
te	NNS	I swallowed the pills praying for relief .
te	NN	We had a ceremony for you at the Vale and everything . "
te	NN	I bit back a snarl with great effort .
te	NN	She didn 't hide her contempt .
te	NNS	He 's been having the symptoms for a while now .
te	NN	Should I take a cab ? "
te	NN	If he crashed into something , he wouldn 't have survived the impact .
te	NNS	Their contacts wanted ten thousand pounds , not five thousand as previously agreed .
te	NN	Maybe I should fake an orgasm so he 'll move on to something else .
te	NN	Gale finishes his milk .
te	NN	Lila picks up a guitar and plops down on the bed .
te	NNS	He 'd fractured bones enough in the past to know he 'd gotten lucky this time .
te	NNS	" Temporary work associates . "
te	NN	He took out his handkerchief to mop his brow .
te	NNS	A few women arrange pillows on the couch .
te	NN	They don 't call me the best interplanetary recovery agent in the galaxy for nothing .
te	NNS	Ms. Sharp always kept small cartons of milk and juice on ice that she sold for a penny .
te	NN	He passed the chart to Kathleen on his way to the door .
te	NN	She brought up a shield as she grabbed two telekinetic wands she kept under her mattress for emergencies .
te	NN	Only the top of the family would have access to an excise .
te	NNS	Men from anywhere and everywhere will send agents to do the same .
te	NN	Use the mace . "
te	NN	" However , we do have another inside source and corroborating evidence that I can 't get into .
te	NN	" Damn , I wish Gray hadn 't busted his ankle . "
te	NNS	For a second Sara sat speechless and stared at the man , as her pulse kicked up a few notches .
te	NN	She knelt in the tub , careful to keep her breasts below the bubbles .
te	NN	I wasn 't making very much headway there . '
te	NNS	Moving to the middle window , he saw the tips of the school building .
te	NN	I remove my cloak and turn it inside out , letting the black lining show instead of the red exterior .
te	NN	- not that I had done much slow dancing in my fifteen years .
te	NN	I toss the bone out there to see if he 'll bite .
te	NN	" No , I 've got an alarm set for anything out of statistical range on the election .
te	NN	Never mind the recent interference of the Order .
te	NN	James welcomed the oblivion of sleep even though his dreams were filled with the tantalising images of Prudence .
te	NN	She handed Nate a dose of Proxy Dust , then gave Trevor a clear plastic container holding several white candies .
te	NN	Jesse kept a diary of the memories that came back to her .
te	NNS	Renna shrugged , mentally changing tactics .
te	NN	A few minutes later , I got a text .
te	NN	Lance didn 't bother replying , and Brielle was battling strong emotions .
te	NN	A door in the corner of the room stood ajar , and a ghostly light outlined the frame .
te	NNS	Lauren touched her fingertips to the glass .
te	NN	" I wore my glove on one hand and used the other to throw . "
te	NN	And if the way he was staring at my chest was any indication , he didn 't have a spanking in mind .
te	NNS	I could still fell the sunburn scoring holes in my face , accelerating the virus in my blood .
te	NN	Again , she willed back hysteria .
te	NN	" What planet is that ?
te	NN	Gio picked up the folder in front of her and said , " I 'll finish the Lyndon report , Rena .
te	NNS	" You have enemies ?
te	NNS	He tucked his falcon wings close and watched .
te	NN	You could call the operator and she 'd interrupt .
te	NN	He heard a splash and looked over to see Bill and Patrice swimming towards the beach .
te	NN	The marquee above the theater door showed the movie title .
te	NN	I saw the collar around her neck .
te	NNS	If all goes well , we 'll have a hundred seventy homes completed before the snow flies , and the exteriors of all the buildings .
te	NNS	" But we don 't have the resources . "
te	NN	Secondly , the patrol entered hyperspace much farther out than normally .
te	NNS	When he is intent on finding another pair of pajamas , I quickly wriggle out of my jeans and tug on the pj bottoms .
te	NNS	And sixty , seventy , and eighty thousand pounds .
te	NN	Vickie aimed the wand and took a moment before casting the spell .
te	NNS	A Were 's neck was considered off-limits to all but their most trusted pack mates .
te	NNS	We 'd all made mistakes , but maybe we could learn to work through them enough to have some sort of relationship .
te	NN	She couldn 't contain the sarcasm .
te	NN	I could see worry crease across his face and his jaw went slack .
te	NNS	Or was surviving God only knew what kinds of torture .
te	NN	" What , you 've suddenly gained sister radar or something ? "
te	NNS	Ashley was wearing handcuffs , and when she sat down , her feet were shackled to the bottom of the seat .
te	NNS	We still have the files , in fact .
te	NN	She 's hugging my grandfather when she sees me standing in the hallway .
te	NN	She rapidly braided Miriam 's mane , twisting the strands into an intricate pattern behind the girl 's head .
te	NNS	She hooked her fingertips in the waistband of her panties .
te	NN	He had gotten a speeding ticket here once .
te	NN	It had more than one trick to play when it came to inducing rest .
te	NN	They needed a spy in the camp .
te	NNS	Through the swirling smoke , Lara caught glimpses of the red pits for eyes set into black masks where their faces should have been .
te	NN	Again , he picked up his kit and bore the pain of dozens .
te	NNS	Showing other players that you 're boss of the goal area .
te	NN	" I did some research last night . "
te	NNS	She was keeping her secrets , but Max had been more revealing .
te	NN	Ethan had no concept of how high they had climbed , but he had a terrifying sense that they were already above the forest .
te	NN	Cross my heart , " she said , her words a solemn vow .
te	NN	He didn 't understand fairness , equality .
te	NN	He took a long swallow , wiped his mouth , and grinned .
te	NN	After breakfast they did some fishing for a while , with no success .
te	NN	He drew out his sack , took a piece of bread , and ate .
te	NN	We could see the coyote running up a long low hill in the distance .
te	NNS	Two weeks more had identified his major habits and the liquor store was identified as the best location for a carefully scripted chance meeting .
te	NN	Tigris gives a throaty cackle .
te	NN	By the end of the day you 'll receive paperwork showing the changes .
te	NNS	We call those Amazons builders , since they make our homes possible . "
te	NNS	' Shut up , ' Reid grunted grimly .
te	NN	" You two have a special bond . "
te	NNS	He had bags under his blue-green eyes and he looked about to fall asleep .
te	NN	Martha clutched a clipboard to her chest and let out a sigh of relief .
te	NNS	Hand over your valuables and I 'll let you leave alive . "
te	NN	Once they all had the same direction , Jess was positive , they 'd make progress .
te	NNS	I smiled grimly , and taking the tub of iron tablets out of my pocket , I counted out another ten , and swallowed them .
te	NNS	I erased fries from my mind .
te	NN	No , Rose did not wear makeup or die her hair all the colors of the rainbow but she was slim and had lovely , healthy skin .
te	NNS	I 've two empty bedrooms in my apartment .
te	NNS	I pulled out the textbooks and tucked them on the shelf under the desk .
te	NN	" Mm hmm , " Dr. Oliver throws his stethoscope into his black leather bag .
te	NN	When her back hit the wall , she let out a high-pitched squeal , like a rabbit caught in the jaws of a lion .
te	NNS	That raised my hackles and made my skin itch furiously .
te	NNS	I turned the guns .
te	NN	This ill wind throws both the ends of her hair and Dove 's mane to and fro .
te	NN	Their mother ignored the whole exchange and address what Shane had announced .
te	NNS	Now that she looked , Cate could see the dark , wet patches on Sheila 's jeans .
te	NN	Well , since she 's having a good time , she can stay and get some exercise . "
te	NNS	I much preferred my own posters and models of planets , galaxies and nebulae , no matter how geeky they were .
te	NNS	Emeline smiled and rested her fingertips on the diabolical man 's forearm , too aware of the heat emanating from his body .
te	NN	" But I suppose that it will be okay running itself ... I need someone good escorting this ride , we 've got a load of people .
te	NNS	Caroline flicked her ashes into the shag fibers and rubbed them in with one of her black , leather pumps .
te	NN	Though persistent , Sunday showed a positive disposition in saving both worlds as manifested in her manner of speaking and coping with the grumpiness of Errol .
te	NNS	' You need dresses ! '
te	NNS	She strummed E , A and D chords .
te	NNS	I hand him his meds and watch while he swallows .
te	NNS	shouts Six , just as the creature flaps its wings and takes to the air .
te	NN	" Is Bob the only reggae artist you know ? "
te	NN	He wears a dated but clean sport coat , a fair amount of stubble , and scuffed shoes that must once have been very expensive .
te	NNS	She crossed her thin ankles , looking at Nick expectantly .
te	NN	This is Shadow Falls property . "
te	NNS	He trailed kisses down her ribs and over her taut belly , sliding her panties off as he descended .
te	NNS	Sometimes I see strange shapes and objects , like I 'm connecting with the wrong image .
te	NN	They ´ re not the same .
te	NNS	You know the principles .
te	NNS	" Yup , " said Harding , glad to change the subject , " this hearse has the new rubber tires .
te	NN	It 's called chemistry . "
te	NNS	Your wholesome appearance does not match the rumors currently circulating .
te	NNS	I heard insects buzzing and animals making faint but distinct noises .
te	NN	Beside her , Nick surveyed the sheer mass of the crowd .
te	NNS	Did Redding keep records of the women he 'd killed ?
te	NN	And for them that means either a Witch or a Psychic .
te	NNS	I get consistent replies to demands for information . "
te	NN	I just gave the trees in your garden a little encouragement , that 's all .
te	NN	Lucian released the whirling mass of energy , a bright white light spinning out of control through the chamber .
te	NNS	He arrived bearing gifts , a Flames jersey for the wife , a knit cap for the boy and a stuffed moose for the baby .
te	NN	" Bring cash and I 'll race you all night . "
te	NN	We 'll have transportation at the park in order to get them here .
te	NN	It 's considered an insult to offer your seal to the sitting High Pope 's favorite .
te	NN	I had lost the gut I had upon arriving , no longer did I feel left out or strange .
te	NNS	I drop my bags on the floor and sit on the edge of my bed .
te	NN	Run up the bill even higher .
te	NNS	" Why the gloves ? "
te	NNS	" Everyone at the Real Murders meeting had his or her prints taken . "
te	NNS	The wind whipped loose strands of her hair across her face and throat .
te	NNS	" That would constitute treason . "
te	NN	Her voice grew defiant .
te	NN	That explained the lack of contact since there was no signal out there .
te	NNS	He coughed his guts out after supper and hardly even had to fake it ' cause his cold hadn 't really gone away .
te	NNS	" I mean , she takes all kinds of things .
te	NNS	I had lots of time to think and learned a lot about myself .
te	NN	You can eat a turtle .
te	NNS	We have some stun grenades that our suits are immune from but which will knock out anyone within thirty metres .
te	NN	She watched the gray striped awning flap open over the metal scaffolding .
te	NNS	Amy snored loudly , and drooled on Munro 's shoulder .
te	NN	" I need some cash . "
te	NNS	' But we know these tenants .
te	NN	Shaheen had at once trusted her judgment , supported her decision .
te	NNS	If I 'd been in California then maybe I would have made better decisions .
te	NN	Calvin took his pulse .
te	NN	As he raised his scimitar , Edan fired his arrow .
te	NN	" Checking out your plantation ? "
te	NN	Harald pushed his stool back and turned to face him .
te	NN	" You took a pie .
te	NNS	He went down , alive but all kinds of twitchy .
te	NNS	Someone has been giving her lessons . "
te	NN	Julianne blows her whistle and instructs everyone to line up as she introduces herself .
te	NN	My flat look made her chuckle .
te	NN	" So don 't reset the lever first ? "
te	NNS	In fact we can do very simple ad hoc calculations that will give us an idea of that bound .
te	NN	" Where the bleep did you get a bunch of cuff keys ? "
te	NNS	In his diminishing state , he weighed only a little less than one hundred pounds .
te	NN	Having finally run out of energy , she ceased her tirade .
te	NN	Everyone cheered and applauded Callum 's technique .
te	NN	' I didn 't bring my kit because I wasn 't sure I 'd be able to get any classes in .
te	NNS	Now , I suddenly grasped the other consequences .
te	NNS	He unfastened the intricate buttons of her bodice , then Ian let himself grow lost in the beauty of her , sorrow forgotten .
te	NN	Surf City sans surf . "
te	NNS	Immediately , I can smell the spices .
te	NN	Hannah withdrew a sheet of paper from her purse and handed it to Debbie .
te	NNS	He had lots to think about and lots to discuss with his friends back home .
te	NN	He then snatched the fan out of Frances 's hand , and flung it in Agnes 's direction .
te	NN	" We offered insult ?
te	NNS	Four mannequins wore other dresses .
te	NN	Emily Fields nearly missed the flyer , too , but her closest swimming friend , Gemma Curran , looked over .
te	NNS	" I don 't do prophecies any more .
te	NNS	The two also had gun belts strapped around their waists .
te	NNS	My fingers were sliding along my new guitar strings like butter , and my nerves quickly went away when I heard people actually singing along .
te	NNS	If we do , then the Queen makes the decisions .
te	NN	He was still barely controlling his chuckles when he hung up .
te	NNS	" You delivered puppies ? "
te	NN	He checked the device at his wrist -- about a minute before it all went down .
te	NN	Aw , I miss her grandmother .
te	NN	But I will not take blood unwillingly from humans , although I certainly could if I wanted to .
te	NNS	I set our bags on the floor and heard Ellery gasp as she stood in the doorway .
te	NNS	" You should at least state the charges against me before pronouncing the sentence .
te	NN	Jain hooked the axe behind the knight 's neck so that he was firmly trapped between it and the dagger .
te	NN	I taste apple sauce .
te	NN	When asked about his progress , Ian would repeat his mantra that he would find Hart , and nothing more .
te	NN	The general managed another healthy swallow , looking her up and down over the rim of his glass .
te	NNS	As she sat staring into the bright flames she reviewed her Forum responsibilities .
te	NN	She picked up the coin and set it back on her thumb .
te	NNS	" Gabe said ' Ars Notary ' or ' Ars Notes ' ... something like that . "
te	NN	" Tastes like chicken .
te	NNS	They showed the characteristics she now associated with haste , and no other prints accompanied them .
te	NNS	I dropped the containers to the ground and peeled off the lids .
te	NN	She retrieved the bow from her back and reached for an arrow as she ran .
te	NN	She had a small fan blowing a steady breeze on her and wasn 't about to deviate from her mission .
te	NNS	As camera flashes captured his thoughtful and resolute pose , his own shadow consumed the children 's shapes .
te	NN	" I will give regular updates as we progress .
te	NNS	This book was showing promising results , looking to be the next in a long line of inspirational volumes that guided his leadership .
te	NN	" How did you recognise the symbol ? "
te	NNS	She was held motionless , arrested by the masculine beauty of his face , a face which had clearly shown pleasure at seeing her again .
te	NNS	We meaning the cops .
te	NNS	" I 've got season tickets to the Dodgers , and they 're playing tonight .
te	NN	" When I said there were two I meant , ah ... ... ah ... ... there were two ... . "
te	NNS	She giggles then frowns , struggling with him , again .
te	NNS	' Cheerio , ' said Zeus .
te	NN	I 'm hunting a fugitive .
te	NN	She remembered her survival instinct .
te	NN	She tightened her wispy scarf around her head again .
te	NNS	" A few of my classmates and I took our pills to the local pub after classes were done for the day .
te	NNS	Devon watched Hadley 's pupils visibly dilate before her eyes .
te	NN	" Hunter One to CP , we have Sky Stalkers overhead .
te	NNS	Then he reverently pulled her panties down and let the tiny scrap fall to the floor .
te	NNS	" I wouldn 't have survived Wayward Pines without you , Adam , but I thought you were never coming back .
te	NN	With eyes intent on mine , he cupped my breast in his hand , strumming the erect nipple with his thumb .
te	NN	She made no pretense of her love for the finer things in life .
te	NN	Marissa wiped the moisture from her eyes and gave her daughter a reassuring smile .
te	NN	They had a heated exchange in German .
te	NN	That couldn 't comprehend a challenge to authority ?
te	NN	" But once the bargain is upheld , the wolves will let the Undine mate again .
te	NN	' Take it ; show me your ready stance . '
te	NN	" Will I get a buzz off it ? "
te	NN	" Oh , so the FRU has more merit because they hide themselves as a human organization behind the guise of a government identity ? "
te	NN	" You can exit this planet at breakfast , if you want .
te	NNS	The water bin had spots of blood on it that Tony tried to ignore as he filled his cup .
te	NN	Jon fired off a bullet .
te	NN	I noticed the wide arc she made around the edge and the wary look in her eye .
te	NNS	Harper had eaten all kinds of other dishes , after all .
te	NN	I was bringing home solid cash ... it just didn 't stay put long .
te	NN	The orange flames make a devilish mask of his face .
te	NNS	We all make mistakes , after all .
te	NN	She pressed her h * ps against him and he ground his against her .
te	NN	But , he couldn 't get over the twisting in his gut .
te	NN	I need meat . "
te	NN	His hot finger traced a Z on my back , through my T-shirt .
te	NN	Floating to the other side of the core , Lewis took the other ladder out , again gaining gravity as she went " down " .
te	NNS	I ran my fingertips down the back of her arm .
te	NNS	With the slide of his calloused palm against her softer one , the temperature rose another five degrees .
te	NN	Yes , now his heart could slow down its beating , even just for a bit .
te	NNS	With emotions so intense however , she often forgot her own suggestions .
te	NNS	But God also gifts tests to the best , in order that they may learn and understand .
te	NN	Smiling like a loon , I tapped the shield with my knuckle .
te	NNS	" When the time is right you can show me all your moves . "
te	NNS	Elizabeth hadn 't had any meaningful relationships in years .
te	NNS	From where he stood at the window of Judson 's room , he could see glimpses of the river through a thick stand of fir and pine .
te	NNS	" And Amity kids would be causing a ruckus .
te	NN	A faint smile replaced the frown on Olsson 's face .
te	NN	" Our recent expansion required a substantial increase in revenue and for obvious reasons , it isn 't there yet . "
te	NN	' From your tent ? '
te	NNS	When you think of it you will see lots of instances of this .
te	NN	I continue my thrusts as my hand lowers to the apex of her thighs .
te	NN	Because the next time I came around , he was digging my grave . "
te	NNS	All the same , those dog-eared documents from a time so close to his parents ' deaths brought phantom whispers of deep laughter and lilac cologne .
te	NNS	They simply walked round and round in circles , slapping tickets on the huge vans as soon as their parking tickets expired .
te	NNS	Even now , Sandor could be packing our bags .
te	NNS	But she had protocols to follow .
te	NNS	He 's playing games . "
te	NNS	" No , but they offered all kinds of things .
te	NNS	Ram the cruisers ! "
te	NN	I have a massive reward from the Gemini 's .
te	NN	Those relationships , albeit short , had boosted her depleted ego .
te	NN	The four of us walked down the sidewalk , and when we reached the driveway , Walter handed his umbrella to Jenna .
te	NNS	He had committed crimes , was responsible for countless deaths .
te	NNS	The door flew off its hinges , and I screamed as six spells hit me simultaneously .
te	NNS	Xavier and Ian exchanged uncomfortable glances before nodding my way .
te	NN	" We 'll call Jonas a consultant .
te	NN	" Apparently she prefers the doggy paddle . "
te	NNS	I could see Zane 's surreptitious glances and I just avoided all eye contact with him .
te	NNS	Would she ever understand teenagers completely ?
te	NN	He took a deep gulp of the sour wine .
te	NN	She could even hear the faint whistle of dart feathers cutting through the air .
te	NNS	" We made cookies ! "
te	NN	I picked that costume up at a shop in town .
te	NN	You can 't catch pneumonia from rain .
te	NNS	The wind blew the ends of her hair against his face and the sun was just falling behind the waterline .
te	NN	He folded his newspaper carefully , laying it on the table beside him .
te	NNS	He pushed her ankles up around her ears , slamming his c * ck into her .
te	NN	Don 't you ever leave that basement of yours ? "
te	NNS	" I 've made some updates , too . "
te	NNS	He couldn 't see the roots , but this tree looked far too healthy to have just fallen over on a sunny summer afternoon .
te	NNS	Ethan and I said our good-byes , but before I could turn to follow Ethan to the door , Gabriel took my arm .
te	NNS	I could , however , see about a million gasoline containers .
te	NNS	I 've seen photos in magazines and I 've seen him on talk shows .
te	NN	With the vampire in the cauldron , Vasile could now take off his cloak , his hat , his mask and his gloves .
te	NNS	She never pressed charges , never said anything to her parents , or any authorities .
te	NNS	Claus would forever bear the scars on his left forearm .
te	NN	I used the term " together " loosely .
te	NN	I 'd quit smoking and cut back to one drink a day .
te	NN	But like always I had an ace up my sleeve .
te	NNS	Again they had the same results .
te	NN	... Okay , I 'll guarantee the bond . "
te	NN	When she stood up again , I gave it my approval .
te	NN	If I 'd had more time , I would have taken a stroll along the battery again , but I had to put that off until later .
te	NN	' Just open the door moron . '
te	NNS	Grace considered doing so for a moment but then thought better of it , Anna might not be selling such sweets here .
te	NN	You can imagine the routine .
te	NNS	I don 't mind the photographers , but it scares me when the nuts follow my wife . "
te	NN	" We pay our rent on time every month .
te	NN	Roast chicken and cold ham and pickles and gooseberry fool .
te	NN	His father closed his laptop .
te	NN	Everyone upon coming into existence is given a white badge , and when they reach eight chapters , the white fills in with the first symbol .
te	NNS	Did you use the scissors to cut her afterward ?
te	NN	A people so secretive would not appreciate a leader who couldn 't manage a problem with more finesse than that .
te	NN	A mountain river rushed down the centre of the narrow gap , roaring and foaming .
te	NNS	Kendra scooped some eggs onto her plate while Seth buttered a piece of toast .
te	NNS	She pulled the sleeves of her black coat over her hands , more from force of habit than against the cold seeping through her clothes .
te	NNS	Only just visible under the chest padding , Jayden could see black belts hanging down , some with one stripe and some with many .
te	NN	Josie and Max ambled down Hermosa 's portion of that mile-long bike path after they left Faye 's place .
te	NN	Chelsea bounced a frown between Danni and Darren .
te	NN	She strapped the gun belt around her waist and slipped into the borrowed khaki pants .
te	NNS	I kissed my grandparents on the cheek as I held back tears .
te	NNS	" Why are you and your men given more tasks than the other armies ?
te	NN	" You are feeling the absurdity of it .
te	NNS	She 'd found some red leggings in her closet , which she wore underneath the sweater .
te	NNS	With his hand resting on the hilt of his blade , he circled Reyes .
te	NNS	They pulled their resources together and funded what became known as the Mars Exodus .
te	NNS	I 'd watched enough games of his to know he rarely , if ever , missed his mark .
te	NNS	He exhausted his energies by screaming louder and louder with every try , to exert his will upon the world .
te	NNS	I brought some absorbent pads along , as well as extra sheets .
te	NN	No longer in uniform , he adjusted the belt that held up his jeans .
te	NN	Marie didn 't usually call a man 's bluff .
te	NNS	Not once - Holly 's arms wrapped round Duncan .
te	NNS	I killed lots of time walking the halls , because we were weeks away from having anything to do .
te	NN	Can you make a hard copy of that for me ? "
te	NN	" Please Steward , send aid .
te	NNS	the general asked loudly .
te	NN	I had no clue what he was talking about .
te	NN	She felt his stomach muscles contract against hers .
te	NNS	She returned his affections with a giggle , her sparkling eyes turning to Paris .
te	NN	You can do the math .
te	NN	I scare everybody around me .
te	NN	Bones repeated the same routine with the next door .
te	NN	" Aren 't you going to need a shawl or something for your shoulders ? "
te	NNS	He had already sold off four lots to people who would be building appropriately designed homes within walking distance of downtown .
te	NN	I kneed my attacker in the stomach .
te	NN	he asked and felt blood ooze from his cracked , parched lips .
te	NN	" What voyage do ya mean ? "
te	NNS	" You had fantasies about Jessica Rabbit ?
te	NNS	I can make my own decisions . "
te	NN	Unlike most humans , Duncan knew the score about the supernaturals .
te	NNS	" I noticed lots of people buying them .
te	NN	She ignored the smashed mug as a wistful look came over her face .
te	NN	The knight gave a quick gasp and dropped dead down the stairs .
te	NN	She gave a small chuckle , her arms rising to wrap about his neck .
te	NNS	She could hear hushed whispers behind her and from a nearby room a steady sobbing .
te	NNS	" No husband , " he said grimly .
te	NN	That knowledge was handed down generation after generation .
te	NN	Or would he not hear the bullet ?
te	NNS	I want no secrets between us . "
te	NNS	The scandal hovering over our heads took away all my choices and my freedom .
te	NNS	I can hear beads of sweat running down the back of someone I 'm about to eliminate . "
te	NNS	Three security men drew their guns and trained them on Raja .
te	NNS	Took incredible guts ! "
te	NNS	We must bring charges against the king and drag him before the human media .
te	NN	She had no clue what he was capable of to keep her , and it was best she didn 't .
te	NNS	Casually I touched my fingertips to the inside corners of my eyes to remove the tears .
te	NNS	I want the copies , just like you . "
te	NN	While Graeme wasn 't ignorant of female flesh , he could hardly be considered the expert his brothers apparently were .
te	NN	Edwin moved closer grunting along the way .
te	NNS	He held two files in his hands .
te	NNS	" I hold the bones of my people .
te	NNS	They pushed all the buttons .
te	NNS	Victor didn 't have the guts to do something as outrageous as this on his own .
te	NN	An explosion blew out an upper section of the main building , showering bricks and broken roof tiles .
te	NNS	His kiss is urgent , controlled and demanding , nothing like the kisses that we shared in the past when playing games as kids .
te	NN	Cristina watched the other woman 's blue eyes glint beneath her lashes before she turned and walked stiffly out of the room .
te	NNS	He could discern distant shouts and , closer , the sound of running feet .
te	NNS	" We found accounts which refer back to her as far back as the rule of Amenhotep .
te	NN	Once safely across it , they began a gradual ascent up a hill .
te	NN	Unlike me , she had a strong grasp on angel law before she fell .
te	NNS	" Game " implied small stakes .
te	NNS	Naked and in human form by the lake where her kin had made camp , Rhona studied the many scars littering her body .
te	NNS	" Does she have any personality flaws ? "
te	NNS	" My mom hung these posters for me years ago .
te	NNS	Rays of sun cast brilliant reds and purples across the snow .
te	NN	" Naw , to be fair , he 'd save the lad .
te	NNS	Has all kinds of contacts . "
te	NN	Kaleb 's eyes , like his father 's , emanated a maturity beyond his years .
te	NN	Could she even call that interacting ?
te	NNS	" I know shameful secrets about many of our present nobility .
te	NN	You want a double mocha ? "
te	NNS	Frank was no longer wearing any gloves .
te	NNS	" How did you win Rachel 's affections in the first place ?
te	NN	Swallowing tightly , I notice a shell beside the spot where his left heel was moments before .
te	NNS	" Those sound just like the symptoms of AIDS , Dr. Hoffmann .
te	NN	Graeme handed over his torch to one of his men and then ordered Teague to hold his torch so he could see his way down .
te	NN	And I ... I want my alpha .
te	NNS	Between Bridget 's parents and my parents and us we can just about scrape together ten thousand pounds .
te	NN	Abby turned tail and raced up the staircase .
te	NNS	" Any suggestions ? "
te	NN	Robbie shows no mercy and trains his shot straight at it .
te	NNS	I 've exhausted all the options for getting any more by tomorrow . "
te	NNS	I 'm still feeling the effects of the first time He did it when I was in His shell . "
te	NNS	They are six to eight feet tall , 300 or more pounds , and have razor teeth and long claws .
te	NNS	' At least we were covering our costs , pretty much .
te	NN	As the god of music and poetry , he also has perfect pitch . "
te	NN	Imogen must have seen the mark and guessed who you really were . "
te	NN	( Past ) Eventually , when we 'd been away from home for three months , Thomas declared our enterprise no longer safe .
te	NN	" Would you have done a triple summer salt to grab the door for an ugly woman ? "
te	NN	' You 'd better come in then , ' she took the chain off the door and let me in .
te	NNS	He considered his options .
te	NNS	" Some jerk waiting tables at the grill where my family ate tonight .
te	NN	She undid the string and took a pinch of something dry and yellow that might have once been leafy and green .
te	NN	Of course an insurance salesman would have worn a seatbelt and so did Sara !
te	NNS	Panic filled her guts .
te	NN	I drank the sweet medicine , my eyes still streaming .
te	NNS	He wiped dampness from his cheeks .
te	NN	No one but the Self can know the Self and only by so choosing .
te	NN	I bend and brush the softest of kisses on his brow and slip from the room .
te	NNS	You owe favors to our House , and we will collect . "
te	NN	I gulp down my punch .
te	NN	She had entirely overcome gravity .
te	NN	It cast its golden beams over the wide swaths of ribbed sand and trapped shallow pools .
te	NNS	The man would certainly use the tools at his disposal to capture Jake .
te	NNS	On one side fifteen careers .
te	NNS	I will later , of course , give all the heirs copies of the civil document .
te	NN	He faced the youth again .
te	NN	Of Merrill 's two remaining vampire children , Kyle had the closest bond with Franklin .
te	NN	She passed the missile over with a wink .
te	NN	He quickly diverted the flashlight beam .
te	NNS	I wasn 't chasing rainbows but perhaps she had spotted my struggle .
te	NNS	" We had lots of fun doing that . "
te	NN	" Obviously the vampire half has been suppressing his inner werewolf . "
te	NN	Jesse at least had the good grace to look contrite .
te	NNS	Charles had heard the rumors Scott was referring to , but Sylvie had quickly dispelled them .
te	NN	Dharma comprises our striving for righteousness and virtue .
te	NN	This time he took off his glove and gripped it in his still sweaty , slightly red palm .
te	NN	You are seeing only a portion and it is more thickly built up than is common on Aurora because it is a self-contained political entity .
te	NN	Still , I wanted an explanation .
te	NN	I sit on the edge of my usual chair across from Geist 's , my eyes sweeping the shadows , my hands gripping the seat cushion .
te	NNS	Myra moved objects with her mind .
te	NN	I have research to conduct , reports to write , grades to submit , and a professional reputation to uphold .
te	NN	He remains slightly crippled and deaf , but mirthful and auspicious nonetheless , hence the title , " The Laughing God " .
te	NNS	" I can 't use the city 's resources too quickly , Cheyenne .
te	NNS	" Your friend had some strange objects with them of great power . "
te	NNS	He sighed loudly and sat beside her .
te	NNS	Did you ask my grandparents ? "
te	NNS	" Did you have any siblings ? "
te	NN	I followed the stone walkway behind the main sanctuary .
te	NNS	Melanie photographed their footprints so she wouldn 't have to look at the couple .
te	NN	He had left the sidewalk and was cutting through yards now on a diagonal line toward his big box destination .
te	NN	She heard a chuckle from the alley .
te	NNS	I don 't have assistants .
te	NNS	" I don 't always make the correct decisions , and you both know more about the world than I do .
te	NNS	Dina swears steadily in front of me , creative curses that I 'd be memorizing with great interest at any other time .
te	NN	She dropped the envelope back into Ethan 's briefcase .
te	NN	But the earthquakes had taken a large toll .
te	NN	They were mounted parallel to each other in timber cradles , suspended from thick leather straps .
te	NNS	We can pack our bags and get out of this town . "
te	NNS	" We admire your gifts and talents . "
te	NNS	Ted disliked the cynical , pessimistic moods she sometimes slipped into .
te	NNS	He had checked the files himself two weeks earlier when she had moved into town and taken the job at the Sunshine .
te	NNS	Lily took the bags of fluid from Thorn and placed them on the litter at Sam 's side .
te	NNS	When he 'd returned to the team last year , he 'd made mistakes .
te	NNS	A colorful display of books announces the new releases in front of me .
te	NNS	I threw another two punches , and she deflected them both with her forearms and caught me in the chest with her knee .
te	NNS	Did you receive my communications ? "
te	NNS	Won 't you play those same games you play with others ? "
te	NNS	Actually , we all put up small tents .
te	NNS	And then it clicked , Chris was holding back sobs .
te	NN	Tonya took another puff , exhaled and drank a final good swallow of coffee .
te	NNS	Here he was just Sebastian , a man who wore old clothes and cooked scrambled eggs and delivered sweet words over coffee .
te	NNS	He pressed warm kisses to her shoulder as he unzipped the back of her dress and let it fall to pool at her feet .
te	NN	" What defense is there ? "
te	NNS	That movie had all kinds of craziness going on . "
te	NNS	" I get the travellers first . "
te	NN	" Mmm , I taste a little sandpaper .
te	NNS	" I brought two sleeping bags . "
te	NNS	He spread his wings and bolted into the air .
te	NN	Doing his best to bury his sadness , he continued down the walkway , unleashing his emotions by laying waste to anything moving that wasn 't alive .
te	NN	I saw a young , frightened soldier holding a smoking silver pistol .
te	NNS	Hector and Jack exchanged glances .
te	NN	You can do so at a Republic Detention Facility or , " the trooper produced a small device .
te	NNS	Renton was escorted off the premises and he immediately contacted Adams .
te	NN	Kinda ' like our art . "
te	NNS	When they reached the hotel , they packed their bags , then took a cab to the airport , and now they were on board the plane .
te	NN	And she rang the doorbell .
te	NNS	He brushed fingertips over her shoulder .
te	NN	Slamming the book shut and pushing it under her bed , she grabbed a newspaper and sat innocently as he knocked .
te	NN	By the way , which government are you talking about ?
te	NNS	" Even if you 're not trying to give up any bad habits .
te	NNS	Although now that he was here in the flesh , Eve saw the differences between them .
te	NN	She finally identified the source of the cold draft .
te	NNS	He wore pajamas , a white shirt , and flip-flops .
te	NN	The Prometheus serum that is given to the mutated subject breaks the bond . "
te	NN	She pushed the tip of the blade into a crack between the floorboards .
te	NN	Jacob stands stock still as Anthony stares into his eyes , assessing every word .
te	NNS	Perhaps he would have found other topics .
te	NN	They had access to books on digital tablets from an underground vault even beneath the Underworld .
te	NN	Others had given up the ghost and instead were sitting looking dejected with their friends .
te	NN	Linc patted her back soothingly , although he didn 't understand why a dinner invitation had unsettled her so much .
te	NNS	He placed gentle kisses against my face and neck as I stroked and clung to him .
te	NNS	Selena and Kevin exchanged glances .
te	NNS	I 've made my special buttermilk muffins that Mr. Nick is partial to , and there 's pickled asparagus , and cabbage with onions .
te	NNS	They climbed up two sets of stairs and arrived on the upper deck .
te	NN	The gaggle of lawmen reached the lobby of the building and stopped , circling around their leader .
te	NN	She flipped the hoodie up and over her long braid .
te	NNS	The single guard on board was leaning his elbows on the railing , gazing toward the town .
te	NN	How it could be worse though , she didn 't have a clue .
te	NNS	Not to mention her prize petals being ruined by this careless person .
te	NNS	Genevieve and Riley had already laid out sleeping bags on the floor when Cora and I came back in .
te	NNS	Phil leaned back to make way for Gina to set their orders in front of them then rested his elbows on the table again .
te	NNS	Behind your back , she showed her true colors .
te	NNS	We 'd stopped her killers and found her remains , so that she 'd be scattered on home soil and her soul could rest in peace .
te	NNS	He fired the shards at the creature in multiple waves .
te	NNS	I prop my elbows on the console , and my arms are trembling .
te	NN	It would leave a mark .
te	NNS	Spilling my guts about my lack of a family .
te	NN	When she 'd taken her seat again , the DJ began Noah 's selection .
te	NNS	Those that were not forming this defensive wall were chunking sophisticated grenades over its top .
te	NN	Luke and Matthias had each good-naturedly joked that they would leave the other in the dust .
te	NN	Okay ... he was yanking her chain a bit , but he loved to watch her reactions .
te	NN	" It would compromise the investigation . "
te	NNS	Brett and Greta exchanged glances , and then Brett asked the question on everyone 's mind .
te	NN	" I get a phantom twinge every now and again .
te	NN	His growl of annoyance only elicited a sweet chuckle from his woman .
te	NN	In a matter of seconds we ´ re surrounded by them .
te	NNS	She slipped into the thick coated darkness her paws falling with quick thuds through the forest .
te	NN	They watched television for a little while , sitting shoulder to shoulder .
te	NN	Amidst all this commotion the boy felt lost in the confusion .
te	NN	He was wearing a long-sleeved cotton pullover sweater in a dark red .
te	NNS	And you 've just given them twenty thousand pounds . "
te	NNS	He had two swords strapped to his back .
te	NNS	You don 't roll the dice once and then give up if you lose . "
te	NNS	Therefore , I had no options .
te	NNS	Some loved ze blue mountains , and some ze blue waters .
te	NN	She hugged her winter cloak about her and did not look up at the carter .
te	NN	They 'd caught a cab , and Rena had blissfully snuggled against him the whole ride back to her house .
te	NN	Grant had the wireless in fragments before him .
te	NNS	Through the gateway , Min could see towering pines , and the air on the other side was cold and crisp .
te	NN	They both waved goodbye and set off down the road together .
te	NNS	I placed her origins somewhere in India .
te	NN	The thought of her quickened my pulse .
te	NNS	Then she could load the photos onto her computer and study them up close .
te	NN	" Welcome home , warrior .
te	NNS	Reacher drove seven exits on the M-1 , acutely aware that the road was taking him west of north , not east of north .
te	NNS	Tasha spoke very distinctly , as if to a child .
te	NN	Mana ignored Theodosia 's lack of manners .
te	NN	Pam knocked the ash off her cigarette and took a sip of coffee , ' That is why I am so worried .
te	NNS	None of his men had sustained any injuries .
te	NN	She made the sandwich , mumbling like a junior Ann , and at the last moment included an extra pickle .
te	NNS	Crack your lids and see the sun that blazes incessant behind the doughy clouds .
te	NNS	" Did Peter Sanders know the secrets behind your magic , Savannah ? "
te	NN	Jake had a sub before me .
te	NNS	But Levana buried the fantasies before her tongue could betray her .
te	NNS	When they arrived at the site , they saw large sheets of crated tinted glass lying on the ground , and more glass being delivered by trucks .
te	NN	Perry was sharing a jug of water with Soren .
te	NN	He had tied the handkerchief around his face like a bandit .
te	NN	I felt my forehead wrinkle with her response .
te	NNS	Continuing their trek , the duo encountered numerous beasts before eventually reaching the forest 's edge .
te	NNS	Electra and Medea exchanged worried glances , too .
te	NN	You 've never seen such a shambles .
te	NN	Jamie let out a small chuckle .
te	NNS	We 'd play shifts whenever we could in exchange for free food .
te	NN	The magician raised his cape over his head , wrapped it around his body and temporarily disappeared into a huge cloud of white smoke .
te	NNS	" Ten thousand pounds ! "
te	NN	She needed a little exercise to give her mind something else to focus on .
te	NNS	He was mashing the potatoes and she put a spoonful of smashed garlic in and some grated cheese .
te	NN	The knights yanked their mounts to a halt and faced the mob , ignoring the growls and hurled insults .
te	NNS	But flashy color doesn 't win races .
te	NNS	I don 't have any cookies . "
te	NNS	Maryellen had refused all his invitations .
te	NNS	He thinks his mom suspects , but not his father .
te	NN	He hasn 't got an ounce of fight in him , that lad .
te	NNS	The woman had defensive moves that would garner serious bucks in the big leagues .
te	NN	Climbing out of the Jeep , Daniel pulled the collar up on his wool coat , kept his face down , and walked in .
te	NN	" Hey , don 't cry sweetheart .
te	NNS	The Observatory had living quarters for those who studied and worked there .
te	NN	He smiled and ripped open the envelope .
te	NNS	Colt ordered both agents to just stay cool and remain inside .
te	NNS	" I 've seen the fights before .
te	NN	His name still had a green dot next to it .
te	NN	I quickly found my footing and ran back up the stairs .
te	NNS	I noticed my bags sitting on seat .
te	NNS	" Take those warnings seriously .
te	NNS	Chapter Eight Nora I manage to make scrambled eggs for the third night without burning them .
te	NNS	" All of you have the records before you , and have taken the opportunity to question these prisoners , prior to this meeting ? "
te	NN	This baby needs a guardian and Michael 's chosen you . "
te	NN	Don 't you have a bone to gnaw on ? "
te	NN	" You mean dismount , erm ... What is your name Sir ? "
te	NN	We didn 't have mass transit and we walked everywhere . "
te	NN	" Oh , and how has the weather been , Sabrina ? "
te	NN	He could feel the rack of the world loosening , the cool wind soothing the aching of his soul .
te	NN	" I never gave Iain the serum . "
te	NN	I heard the desperation in my voice but I didn 't care .
te	NNS	He had two guns strapped in shoulder holsters , one on each side .
te	NNS	" Who paid all the expenses ? "
te	NN	Clouds of dark crimson gather overhead , their presence dwarfing both the figure within the void , and the wall of fire .
te	NN	The old man sipped his whiskey .
